Tony considered Steve’s obvious half-truth. Tony remembered Steve appearing completely fine in the morning despite having been a wreck the night before. Maybe he was trying to tell Tony that whatever happened between the two of them was a mistake? Then why would Steve have dinner with him? Maybe he felt sorry for him?
Tony nodded as he could feel more tears running down his face. He held still, watching Steve continue toward him before pulling him into a secure hug, which Tony gratefully accepted. He hugged Steve close against his body.
“And miss out on Steve Rogers stories from before we met? Yeah, I got it covered. Rhodey’s with him.”
Less than forty-five minutes later, Tony was at Steve’s, standing in the middle of his living room, looking at Steve before looking at the couch, not really sure where to sit. Steve seemed unaware of Tony’s internal dilemma as he motioned for Tony to sit with him on the couch.
Tony sipped out of his coffee mug before placing it on his desk. “J.A.R.V.I.S., show me the specs to the Iron Man suit.”
“Ugh, sorry,” Steve heard Tony slap his forehead, “I was too into this and forgot about lube.”
Tony wrestled with himself. Something about his facial expression must have caused Steve to take notice.
“Thirty minutes at the most.” The doctor looked grave as she pointed them toward a section of the hallway marked “PERSONNEL ONLY”. Tony sped up with the doctor as they rushed through the doors and down the hallway. Steve easily kept up with them, but he could feel his nerves trying to overtake his composure.
Steve frowned at Tony, clearly concerned for his physical and mental wellbeing. “The key? Tony, why don’t you relax for a bit so I can figure out how to get you out of here…”
Tony carefully pushed open the door to the conference room. The sound emitting from the device sounded like a broken, scratched record. He frowned before taking his time walking over to it, tapping on his earpiece.
“Yeah, I know, Tony. I want to go.” Tony looked up at Bruce who was smiling. He smiled back, although it was on the weaker side.
Steve’s heart began to race as he anticipated Tony being vulnerable with him. Tony let go of Steve, sighing again before he continued.
Steve shrugged. “Yes?” He had meant for his answer to sound more definite, but he couldn’t really gauge Tony’s response.
“Are you asking me to attend your graduation, Rogers?” Tony smirked. His hand, which was now on Steve’s shoulder, tightened with every step.
Tony didn’t actually like the shirt Peter had picked but he made of show of being grateful for the help.
Steve grinned as he let Tony walk ahead of him to descend the stairs into a dimly lit corridor. As the tablet screen glowed with a plan of the basement, Steve and Tony followed along until they found a gigantic vault door. Tony motioned for Steve to position himself and the device in front of the door as he tapped on his tablet to solve the equations. Tony then read the sequences for Steve who entered them into the device.
Tony turned to face Steve. “Let’s move on this quickly, Rogers.”
The group responded verbally as they climbed into the cars. They drove to a covered walkway that cut through the landscape to the main buildings.
“Radio!” Tony clapped his hands.
“I know we haven’t heard any rumblings from Thanos and his ilk in a while, but that doesn’t mean he’s not working on this weapon, especially now that we have this random-ass list of numbers…we need to proceed as if he’ll deploy it in the near future.”
“J.A.R.V.I.S., lights.” He called.
“…I mean I would never miss an opportunity to see Steve Rogers party.”
better stories to be told. No one is ever going to forget Howard Stark.” He then walked briskly toward the house.
Tony coughed once more before spinning around to walk down the hallway. “Come on, Rogers. We have work to do.” He tried without sounding awkward, but he was sure he did.
Tony inhaled deeply before responding, but he wasn’t sure what he wanted to say.
Tony nodded. “Okay, wait for the device to finish generating the detonator, then we’ll set it up and get the fuck out of here.”
Tony inhaled then exhaled deeply as he went back to fiddling around with the Synergy device. “I didn’t mean that to shame you into going with me…I would take Rhodes but he’ll be playing patriot in Washington when the house is free.”
“Hey, Cap. Can I speak with you for a quick sec, please?”
Tony walked into his bathroom to fix his hair, taking a moment before walking out into the bedroom again.
Tony laughed heartily as he patted Peter on the back. “Remember when we used to make these all the time?”
Tony considered it, but then remembered why he had programmed J.A.R.V.I.S. to update him; he usually lost track of time whenever he was down to the wire.
As soon as he was outside of the office, Obadiah scoffed to himself. He pulled out his phone to place a few calls before heading toward the company limo.
the CEO of Stark Industries. You’re just a figurehead.”
Tony smacked Steve’s ass. “Okay, now lift up a bit. I’m going to make you more comfortable.”
Tony had stifled any emotion he possibly could before going out to the house with Steve. He knew that if he didn’t, he would be a wreck the entire weekend. However, after becoming even closer to Steve physically, Tony let his guard down which could have been the main contributing factor to his recurring nightmare and subsequent panic attack over Peter.
“Okay, fine. But I’m sticking around for safety concerns.” He smiled at Tony who grabbed his hand to pull him inward for a hug. Steve let Tony hug him before the latter broke away to run toward the robot with Peter.
Tony rolled his eyes again. "Okay, then
Steve found May’s contact profile and dialed the number, noting to himself that he should add her contact information to his favorites list. He waited a few seconds until the call surprisingly connected.
Tony rolled his eyes again, but he prevented himself from groaning. “No, Ty. We’re friends now.”
“It’s nice to see you again, Mr. Rogers. Enjoying yourself this fine evening?”
“…I’m okay…” Tony let out quietly, “…I’ll be out in…a minute…” He waited, listening for Steve before sighing again.
“…come on, Rogers. Spit it out.” Tony smiled as he jokingly tried to get Steve to use his words. Steve could tell that his lab mate was becoming visibly restless, anticipating the worst.
Tony chuckled, looking down at himself, pulling Steve closer toward his body. He took his time rubbing Steve before answering.
UNKNOWN SENDER
“Take a seat, Stark. Or would you like to finish the presentation?” Fury crossed his arms as Tony waved his arms about before sitting down in a chair next to Thor.
“Of course. We have to work tomorrow, Rogers. Isn’t that why I drove you home?”
Peter clapped his hands. “Until bedtime.” He smiled up at Tony who was still making faces with the mask on.
Steve rutted up against Tony, breathing heavily as he placed a hand behind Tony’s head, kissing him as he pushed downward. Tony kissed Steve back, but gasped for air as the kiss grew even more intense.
Tony continued to study the data on the hologram, never breaking his rhythm as he scrolled up and down with one finger. “Unfortunately, he
Not only had Tony screwed up the equations during the board presentation, he now had his friends taking over his parental responsibilities more often so he could chase a crush. And how much of that chasing was actually working, again, Tony couldn’t be so sure.
Steve responded with a cautious smile as he scooted a little closer toward Tony, noting, again, the shift in energy between the two of them. Tony looked slightly upward at him as he drew nearer, never removing his hand. The mood between the two had grown even more relaxed and cozy, but alas it was soon spoiled.
Last year, Stark Industries had launched a collaborative project that stretched across disciplines. The program had been billed as the ultimate interdisciplinary venture, seeking brilliant minds from various professions to assist with the company’s newest tech. Just beginning his last year in law school, Steve had applied, even though he knew it was a long shot. The details of the full project hadn’t been made public, but during the first round of interviews it was revealed that the project would consist of helping those in need. Steve, as he progressed further through the interview stage, couldn’t miss a chance like this. He had applied to law school for this exact reason; he wanted to help people wherever and whenever he could.
“I want you, Steve. I wanna feel you.” Tony whispered as he continued to moan.
Tony couldn’t stop his insides from turning in on themselves; of course Obadiah would do something so meddling and deceitful, especially after Tony officially disclosed his relationship with Steve to the executive committee.
“From the look you’re giving me now, I see that it’s working. Uncanny, right?” Tony grinned, now leaning backward onto his forearms.
Steve rolled his eyes with a sigh, but he reciprocated Tony’s expression. He took a deep breath before positioning the device underneath his chin just as Tony had done before. He closed his eyes and clicked the button, anticipating the worst. He felt a little prick before his face went numb. His eyes widened as Tony leaned forward to watch his facial features morph.
Tony's body ached from the accusation, trying to stop himself from physically attacking Obadiah.
They gazed at one another for a second or so longer before Steve shuffled his body from underneath Tony to sit up a bit.
You know what I meant. :p
Rhodey’s face twisted into a look of concern. “Really? I’m sorry. I thought when I hadn’t heard from you all weekend, something must have gone well with Steve.”
Steve smiled as he handed Tony a plate. Lacking any semblance of grace, Tony ineptly took it with a fork before sitting down on the opposite side of the couch from Steve. They ate in silence before Tony finally thought of something to say.
“…I’m going to fuck you with my fingers again…” Tony started in a lower whisper, “then when you get used to that, I’ll go further. Sounds okay?”
Steve sighed again, closing his eyes as he scolded himself for making Tony angrier, but before he could say anything, Tony brushed past him to exit the bedroom.
Bucky looked down at Steve before addressing Tony again. “Uh, thank you for coming to see him, but you can leave whenever. Sam and I have it covered…besides…” Bucky looked directly at Tony, “you should probably be with your kid.”
Steve’s expression grew serious. “You can tell me if something is bothering you, Tony. I don’t mind.”
“Relax, Richard III. We should proceed with caution.” Tony had his arms crossed as he played back the cleaned-up security footage on a console above the conference table. The team watched the night Loki assaulted Clint in Tony and Steve’s lab.
Tony moaned as he rocked forward, keeping his hands on Steve’s chest as his body bobbed up and down with every motion. Steve opened his eyes slightly to look at Tony; he had never seen him like this before and he couldn’t help staring.
Steve looked back at Tony, already expressing concern. Tony sighed loudly, struggling on how to begin.
Tony removed his hand from the armrest, straightening out his sports coat before addressing Obadiah. He wasn’t going to let Obadiah and his customary psychological warfare torture him today.
Tony twisted around; he was still grinning with one eyebrow raised.
“Tony…” Steve managed to turn onto his side, “can you…help me…please?” His muscles gave out again, causing him to lie face down on the floor.
As Tony approached his lab, he spotted a smaller figure with its back facing the glass façade fiddling around with one of the main consoles. Tony swore to himself again, jogging toward the entrance of the lab as he recognized that the figure looked like a wayward student.
Steve sighed as he nodded, joining Tony at the console. He watched Tony work quickly and effortlessly; the numbers and sequences showing the calibration raced up a projection above the console.
, Steve. Maybe you got into the program because they wanted to observe how an eighty-year-old possessed the body of a thirty-year-old.” Sam groaned through a toothy smile. Often, Steve’s friends pointed out that he was horribly old-fashioned, which was both irritating at times as it was adorable. Steve still carried around a flip phone and refused to upgrade to the newest smart phone.
“Mother fucker…” Fury breathed before turning around to face Agent Hill, “is this real?” He pointed back at the projection to see Agent Hill nodding back at him.
“Hi, everyone.” Steve had walked into the conference room.
Tony shook his head. “No, I’m fine. Don’t worry about it.” He rubbed Steve’s chest with a huge, seemingly calm grin.
“…when I was a lot younger…when we would spend more time here…I remember sneaking out of my room at night to watch my parents dance in the living room…”
“I don’t think I’m right for Steve…when we were dating, we had our rough moments…but now I can’t seem to figure out what I want from him…I used to take my time with him, but now I can’t even seem to act normal around him…I don’t know what to do…”
Bruce stared at Tony before looking at the bedroom door before looking back at Tony.
“Is that right?” Tony winked before letting go completely, and Steve’s face flushed once more from the suggestive tone evident in Tony’s voice.
Steve rolled his eyes. “They asked a few of us to participate in recruitment campaign for the army. It was around the time I became a Captain.”
Tony turned to Bruce with a slight grin. “Besides losing Synergy, I’m doing great.”
“Tony, I understand why you’re excited that you and Peter are working on your gizmo—”
Tony chuckled before turning over on his other side to find the lube in the bedside table. He turned back over to face Steve.
Tony looked dejected by Steve’s answer. Steve paused again, trying to figure out how to navigate the situation without upsetting Tony.
Steve was standing in line with Sam, waiting to buy tickets to see a movie they had both been dying to see. Both friends had been too busy to see it when it came out opening weekend, so Sam made definite, non-negotiable plans with Steve that week, calling for an emergency “Tête-Bro-Tête”: Sam’s nickname for their solo outings that Steve wasn’t particularly fond of. Well, actually he didn’t mind it;
Steve chuckled, feeling a little self-conscious about being so brazen. “Uh, well,” he laughed awkwardly again as he ran a hand through his hair, “if you are, I can wait.”
“Look, Steve. You would tell me if you were, right?” Sam tried to regain some control over his facial expressions. He looked sternly at Steve.
Still, any shot Tony had in even thinking about asking Steve out had probably been blown with that failed first simulation.
The group assembled on the yacht before casting off. During the entire trip, Steve tried to get Tony alone, but the latter had been too social with everyone else on board to steal a private moment. They sailed around a bit, everyone else enjoying themselves as Steve internally struggled over talking with Tony.
But before Tony could finish, Steve had placed both of his hands on Tony’s cheeks, pulling him in close for a kiss.
“J.A.R.V.I.S., sync the team’s earpieces, please. I think it would be best to have each lab pair linked to the same channel.” Tony studied some data before turning his body somewhat to address Steve.
“Clint. Switch places with Shuri on those tapes,” Bruce pointed at Clint before addressing Shuri, “Shuri, I need you back in the lab. Let’s look through what we have so far on Thanos’s weapon. In the meantime, let’s all stay on the low as the dust settles…”
Tony stuffed another cookie into his mouth. “Yeah, thanks, snack manager.” He teased.
Steve shook his head again. “Buck, Tony told me he doesn’t think he’s good for me.”
“Make the world a magical fairytale with lollipops and rainbows, right? Or have the plans changed on me once again?”
“You can’t go by yourself, Tony.” Tony could feel Steve settle next to him. “I’m going with you.”
Steve figured he would find out sooner or later.
“Yeah, Steve, we
“…but nothing really happened…we were close at dinner, but after we came here…nothing happened…” Steve sighed heavily as he felt a hand rub his shoulder. He opened his eyes to see Sam expressing genuine concern for his feelings.
“Tony!” But luckily, Peter’s cheerful voice rescued him from further misery.
Tony nodded with a grin, beckoning Steve to continue.
low.”
Steve lingered. “Tony, it’s fine. Let’s just drop it, okay?”
“Did he get far?” Tony asked calmly.
Steve could tell that he was attempting a joke, but he wouldn’t give Tony the satisfaction of finding it funny.
Before Bruce could answer him, Tony dragged him through the balcony and inside the penthouse to one of the guest rooms. Bruce barely struggled as he was disoriented from being pulled from a conversation so quickly.
Tony scoffed as he pushed himself away from the counter to walk up to the tub. Steve opened one eye to find Tony standing over him with his arms crossed.
“Well I can tell that you’re a humble person, if that makes you feel less weird about me basically objectifying you just now.” Tony teased as he tried to interpret Steve’s dating history.
Steve groaned as he shifted his body from side to side. He was lying on one of the sofas in the living room area of the suite. He turned over onto his side to look at his phone which was sitting on top of a coffee table near the sofa.
Tony busied himself as J.A.R.V.I.S. began playing one of Tony’s favorite playlists on moderate volume throughout the lab, complete with Robin S’ “Show Me Love” at the start.
“Peter’s fine, Tony. He’s sleeping.” Steve explained as gently as possible.
Steve inched closer toward Tony. He was basically leaning on him.
Yet, Tony remained persistent. “Oh no, you don’t get to stop there. Elaborate please, Captain Rogers.” He smiled widely, waiting for Steve to continue.
“I shouldn’t be
Steve smiled as he looked downward at Tony. “Of course, Tony. I completely understand. I can make you dinner.”
Tony stopped swiveling. “Steve, are you serious? Remember when you fell out of the bed? Face first?”
Steve moved a bit out of the way for Tony to get free. “What?” He asked, confused by Tony’s abrupt change in tone.
Tony laughed. “Okay, sorry, Cap. Get use to me repeating myself.”
“Ah, Mr. Rogers! You’re awake.” He greeted with a smile as he walked to the other side of Steve’s bed. Tony quickly let go of Steve, feeling awkward about being that close to Steve in such a small room in front of other people.
Tony chuckled to himself. “You know, I wish I could take you to the house I have in Malibu.”
Tony walked away from them to pace in the middle of the space. “Right…the device works fine without the chip…and we made modifications…but I don’t think constructing another chip will help making it any more stable, especially if my dad was being weird and elusive on the subject, as he was apt to do.”
Thankfully, whatever god existed out there, that Tony had been constantly nagging, finally answered. An opportunity had arisen not one month after Rogers murdered the kid.
"Hunted?" Tony frowned, still slightly in his state of shock, "Who-"
appreciate.
"Tony!" came the muffled yell from within the cell that Agent had been trapped in.
What Tony desperately needed was an opportunity, an opportunity to escape, runaway, find a way back home, something.
Without much warning, Rogers fist sudden gripped his hair painfully tight, before he slammed it down on the hard back of the sofa, knocking Tony out immediately...
After his ranting, usually one or two things happened: one would be that the team would roll their eyes, or they would just walk in the other direction, knowing that Tony was safe and unharmed if he was talking. However, the room just continued to stare at him with wide disbelieving eyes, Richards going even paler and looking a little faint. “What?” his eyes then grew comically wide as he yelled, “It didn’t give me cat ears did it?!” It wouldn’t be the first time… Damn Loki, and digitalised cameras, and
Well... Everyone except Tony, that was...
At that thought, Thor couldn’t stop himself from tightening his hold on Antony for a fraction of a second, feeling his chest bloom with joy as he held the small man in his arms once again.
When the last of the blood was swept up, Banner made sure to bind his arm to his side so that he couldn't move it and rip open the wounds, that had only just started to blood clot, again. And with that, Tony was once again dropped off into the too dark, too hot room. Although, he had to be carried there by Thor, when Tony felt a little too pale from the blood loss and found that his legs were too wobbly to even attempt to walk properly.
Ignoring the weird vibe of the room, Tony frowned in confusion at the people in the room that weren’t there a second ago. How
Shaking his head, Tony looked from Banner to the thing that Tony would describe as a small collar, but it seemed just a little too small for his neck. "Bruce, don't! I wont try to run again! I swear!" Tony shouted as he tried to thrash in the chair, strength renewed with his new fear, trying desperately to get away from the crazy quack of a Doctor, "Don't put that thing on my neck!"
need that experience.
At first, he had tried pushing them away, being cold and distant as well as spending as much time away from them as possible delayed their quickly forming friendship. However, it became near impossible when they moved into his Tower and he had no choice but he give them a home, protection and equipment to fight with... And he may have secretly done a few personal things for them that he observed. He found that Natasha had a hobby of ballet so he took her to see a show, and that Clint had a love for high places and so built him an extreme climbing-frame. Building Steve half a dozen indestructible punching bags was an easy enough thing to do and it would have cost more if Tony just kept on buying regular punching bags so Tony considered that a win-win for him. He felt a little sympathetic towards Thor as he was unable to get intoxicated on Midgardian alcohols so he just made his own alcoholic drink for the god (which worked) it was nothing special. Bruce was epic and Tony would have done anything for his Science Bro so making sure the kitchen was stocked with absolutely everything was no biggie on Tony’s part (he was a billionaire after all).
"I'll send Thor up soon to help you shower and get cleaned up. See you later." he bided before he stepped out of the room, triple locking the door behind him. Steve was sure that the genius wouldn't be able to attempt to escape again so soon, especially with the new accessory that he was still healing from and his depleted energy from the dark room - still not 100% despite sleeping for hours the night before. But Steve wouldn't leave it to chance. Not again.
"Shit. Shit. Shit!" he hissed as he struggled and twisted his body to no avail. Then he looked to the trapped ex-SHIELD Agent and said with a desperate lilt to his voice, "Phil, you were supposed to get out of here!"
He didn't notice the minute trembling of his form until Coulson's large hand rested on it, making Tony flinch slightly from the sudden touch. But the appendage held strong and firm in a gentle and comforting way.
"Coulson..." he breathed, having no idea how much he'd missed the man until he saw him just now, "I can't believe it. What are you doing here? How? Wait - are you as twisted and deranged as everyone else here in this universe?"
With an expression of triumph, Tony yanked the springs from the mattress that he’d laid on countless nights. Not waisting anymore time, Tony used the metal spring to expertly pick the lock of his restraints (he’d been picking locks since he was six years old in order to get to Howard’s lab for his tools, why wouldn’t be be an expert?). For the first time in weeks, an almost painful feeling of hope and joy filled his chest, making him feel warm and want to cry at the same time. God, he didn’t even realise how much this place was getting to him until now, now that he was the closest he’s ever been to freedom and home in what must have been several months now. God, he couldn’t wait to get back to his lab, his robots, his JARVIS, and his real team.
The others did nothing until they noticed that Tony was thrashing about too much, yanking on his metal bonds and cutting the area around his wrists, droplets of blood staining the material below him. By that time Rogers had stopped kicking the teen but Tony saw that the kid wasn’t moving, not even breathing. At this realisation, Tony started to struggle anew, wanting so much to hit Rogers in his perfect fucking teeth, wanting to avenge the kid’s death that was, by all accounts, unnecessary. However, it wasn’t long until Barton was behind him and putting his head in a strong headlock, making it hard to breath with the added pressure to his windpipe and the heavy breathing of his struggles.
So sorry for this! I know this must be the latest update in the history of updates but I’ve been busy with life and I couldn’t get myself to find the will to carry on writing this for a while. I kind of fell into a writer’s depression or ‘Writer’s Block’ as it’s more commonly known as. With college added on top of that, everything was manic for a bit.
However, before he left and locked the room, Thor secured the man’s wrists and ankles to the corners of the king-seized bed with steel reinforced, adjustable shackles (they had been created with the help of Thor’s magic, making it so the steel cuffs would enlarge and tighten without any weak points), his body pulled taunt under the thick coverers. They loved Tony but they weren’t stupid enough to let him roam free and possibly get his hands on the many cameras around the room (they knew all about Afghanistan).
A shudder made its way up Tony's back, making him feel like a ghost had walked through him, and before he could really stop himself, Tony felt panic settle firmly into his mind. The fear that had been eating up at him since he first arrived in this dystopian world, so twisted and wrong that it made Tony want to puke just by being there. He hated this world. He hated this team. And, most of all, he hated Rogers.
The spy rolled her eyes at him but was clearly amused, making Tony give the first real laugh since he’d gotten into this mess— it was small and weak in amusement but it was genuine.
With a cruel smile and hugging the smaller man closer to his bare chest, Steve whispered in the other's ear, "You've already saved me Tony. I'll never let you go..." before kissing the man's cheek and settling down to sleep with the man he loved in his arms, after so many years...
The throbbing in his head and all over his body got louder and louder in his ears until Tony was turning his face away in vain to hide from the offending noise that felt like it was trying to storm through his eardrums and damage his brain even more. It felt like someone had put a bucket over his head and was using a sledgehammer to tap out to a jam.
Having everything they could ever want or need, they looked after the people with strict rules and harsh punishments. They were feared and powerful but despite this, they all knew that they were missing a certain sarcastic genius.
"I appreciate what Tony did for me," Richard started carefully, one would be an idiot to insult the iron clad genius in front of the Captain and his team, "He saved me from a fate that is now his. But it doesn't help the fact that finding Tony out of thousands of possible locations is extremely hard and would be increasingly hard to send you there to retrieve him, if not fatal to the multiverse."
time, but he knew that they would keep trying, keep trying to make him believe that this was his home all along, that he belonged there. He knew that if he grew desperate enough, he would start to believe it and that’s what scared him the most out of everything that could possibly happen to him…
"Did you just bitch slap me?" Tony asked incredulously, eyes narrowed in a hatful glare.
with nothing else attached.
Kicking shut the heavily barricaded door behind him, Steve slowly set his precious cargo on the large bed, deftly hands taking off the blooded shirt and trousers, that Tony had worn for the whole month, and replaced it with an over seized shirt that belonged to Steve. Looking down at the picture of mouth watering innocence, Steve had to force himself to tear his eyes away to get the required restraints that Tony would most likely wear for years before he was completely without them, fastening the thick shackles over his ankles and leaving his other arm free - the right arm already having been pinned to his side.
She, however, was having none of it as she slid handcuffs onto Tony’s wrists, forcing his hands to still one after the after, making sure that the metal pinched at the raw skin of his wrists; a tenderness that had been inflicted by all the other restraints that he’d been struggling in lately.
This went on for an uncertain amount of time, the only thing Tony being really conscious about was the pain that was brought on from supernatural levels of strength, making each hit about five times worse than what it would be if he was normal. The Captain stopped targeting his face when Tony felt like his jaw was on the verge of dislocating, and his neck was bruised and bleeding from the harsh movements of his head around the unforgiving leather of the collar, but then he moved on to his torso.
it is safe."
"It seems like when their Tony died, no one else was smart enough to uphold the coding and such when it when wrong... I don't think JARVIS is here anymore either..." he trailed off sadly, knowing that the death of JARVIS in this world would have broken their Tony’s heart. They all knew that the AI was like a son to him, no matter how hard he tried to hide it or cover it up - all of his creations were like a family member he never had.
Will update this and other stories soon!
Disgust had Tony feeling the burn of bile rising in the back of his throat as he felt the invading tongue lapping at his gums. So much so that Tony clamped down, revelling in Rogers' muffled cry of pain.
Rogers forced their kiss deeper, teeth clicking together as Rogers used his other hand to tangle with the thick brown locks of his hair in an unforgivable grip, forcing his head back so harshly that Tony felt something in his neck being popping. The vice-like grip on his jaw loosened, the fingers trailing down his neck to caress his shoulder and chest in a mockery of a lover’s gentle touch. Tony felt like someone had gripped his lungs and squeezed them viciously when he felt the Dark Captain's knee nestle into the space between his open thighs, pressure slowly increasing.
Instead of getting the shower that he so desperately wanted, Tony was stuck, tied up on the bed, counting the seconds until Thor inevitably came and carried him somewhere else. Thor would probably let him have a shower, if Tony asked him somewhat politely. Thor, in this world, was nicer than the others. While Tony preferred the Thor of his own world, loud and brash with a story at his lips and always looking at Tony like a kicked puppy whenever he had to go down to the lab with a broken toaster, begging for Tony to fix it. In this world that he was stuck in, Thor was more stoic and silent, softly spoken and seeming to see everything around him. His blue eyes were dimmer, his smile rarer but nonetheless brighter when it did appear, and he wore his hair slightly shorter, his blonde hair only reaching his chin, the style being more human, than the curtained hair that brushed his broad shoulders in his own world.
"Yes, Stark," the man ground out, almost spitting Tony's name out like he hated it, "I know what I'm doing as it is
With that, he walked to Richards to discuss what they could do to send him back and if there was a risk with him being here, missing the action of Bruce turning to Steve with pleading eyes and a slight nod from the Captain.
An offended "Hey!" prompting a snort from the bird-themed superhero.
Banner pointed at the chair behind him, eyes now distracted by the notes on his clip board, "Just here."
“Shit.” was all Tony managed, causing the Natasha Romanov of this universe to curve her lips in slight amusement before she flipped Tony onto his front once again.
"It matters not the danger!" Thor bellowed, which was actually his inside voice, "We shall retrieve Antony in the end and we shall be victorious against any foe that might stand in our way. Be positive, my Shield comrades, the Norns will answer our prayers."
Immediately, he was assaulted by too bright lights that made his eyes water even when he shut them safely behind dark eyelids. Then he moved his head back and shifted in his seat, unable to contain a groan of anguish as a vicious spike of pain flashed over his whole body, making his frayed nerve-endings come to life. What the hell happened?
was...
He only looked up when Rogers stepped up to him, glaring down at him with chilling blue eyes that froze Tony' blood where he stood.
The Avengers were now loitering around the Baxter Building, refusing to leave until Richard brought their most important team member back. It also helped when Natasha and Susan got along like a house on fire; Susan joined in with the Avengers' glares towards her husband and she threatened to with-hold sex from him until Tony had been safely returned to them (to which he replied with the fact that all of the Avengers were like cockroaches and were impossible to kill, no matter the odds, which earned him a week on the sofa as punishment).
So, without much thought, other than overwhelming panic and rage, Tony reared his head back before he spat in Rogers' face. For a second, Tony felt a moment of pride warm his chest as he saw that his glob of spit had gotten the dick of a Captain right in the eye, and across his nose and cheek (man, he was a good aim!). But all too soon, his moment of irrational action caught up with Tony and while dawning fear and horror was upon him, nothing could get him to look away from the evil Captain as he sported a thunderous look on his face that promised more pain than he would be able to handle.
Gliding a comb through his hair, Steve reached over to Tony and forcefully turned him over, smiling down at the fierce glower that Tony was directing his way, before he leaned down and planted a kiss against his genius' plump lips, smiling into it when he looked upon the shock-wide eyes that stared up at him, unable to react appropriately due to the shock.
He was alone.
Tony was in his own world and was trying hard to suppress his own tears of panic when the lower part of his face was clamped shut in a bruising grip, as they turned him over on the bed. Frightened, Tony could only breath hard through his nose as he tried to struggle, his restraints hindering most of his movement. He could only squirm before a hushed voice registered in his head, one that had Tony's eyes widening with shock and a dangerous amount of hope to suddenly flood his systems.
Broken glasses and bits of loose paper dotted amongst the chaos (again, why isn’t it a holo-screen?), Tony was expecting to see, what he wasn’t expecting to see was his teammates standing only a few feet away from him and a wide eyed Richards to his side. When did they get there? And why did Richards look so scared?
Don't get Tony wrong, he liked Richards as much as the next guy.
It was days later (?) that his routine broke once again. Rogers stood at the doorway, a light surrounding his silhouette, making him look like an angel saviour - what a deceiving light... It was a few minutes of silence as Rogers only stood there, staring down at Tony's dirtied and slumped form, the genius not even having enough energy to stand up and make a strong front; he just too exhausted to care right now.
After Romanov had marched him into the living room, after Tony's miserably failed escape attempt, all eyes were on him. Tony prepared himself to look up, meeting the eyes of the others in a show of blatant defiance but quickly found himself looking away when he accidently met the eyes of this universe's Bruce, the man's calm brown eyes filled with tears of sadness and betrayal. No matter how different his universe's Bruce and this one's was, they looked the same and Tony hated seeing that look in his dear friend's eyes, aimed solely at Tony. Scowling at the floor to ceiling windows, Tony mentally screamed at himself, he shouldn't feel bad for trying to escape from a tower full of crazy and crazy powerful people that had imprisoned him.
Familiar brown fluffy hair caught their eyes first, though it was a little longer than last they had seen him, his goatee was as sharp as ever around his chin, his clothes were white, an exact copy of Phil’s clothing - like prison garb. Then there was the differences. The awful differences. He was far too skinny, like they had restricted food from him, making his muscle mass decrease so that he’d be easily overpowered if he were to rebel. By the looks of all the bruises, cuts and bandages that were visible on the skin, he rebelled quite frequently. Steve felt a warmth of pride at that evidence, knowing that his friend fought tooth and nail against them at every chance. There was a line of bruises that marred his neck, that made it obvious that he was strangled. Then there were the strange random dots of bruises that splattered over his collar bones that looked vaguely familiar… Steve recoiled in disgust when he realised that the dotted bruises were hickey’s, making his rage boil in his blood and fists clench, a wish for his counterpart to be alive again just so that he could kill the man - by the looks of the rest of his teammates and Bruce’s quick retreat, they felt the same. A metal band encircled the genius’ bicep like a clamp, one that both Phil and Bucky had. But most agonising of all was that Tony's stare was vacant. Empty. Dead. Like Loki and Bucky's.
Tony can barely remember exactly how long he’d been in this alternate universe with these dark Avengers but he was starting to feel desperate. Hopeless… Just the beginnings of feeling hopeless sent Tony into desperation, not wanting to this nightmarish situation get the best of him. Though, he knew it was a loosing battle because he could feel himself loosing his hope, bit by bit, everyday.
They had failed him.
Mechanically, Tony removed the metal plating that was just bellow the pad, fiddling with the wires and deciphering which ones went where. Soon everything fell away into muffled white noise as he yanked out the wires that would nullify the cages' defences and alerts that were all around it.
Sometimes, Tony really hated his life...
"I guess they haven't brought you here yet. Sorry. I should have warned you." Agent stated in his usual monotone as he looked over Tony, trying to determine if he was alright.
A hollow husk. That was all that Thor could describe him as.
They were too late.
As Thor grew closer with Tony in tow, the smaller man got a clearer view of the chair and he felt the blood drain from his face at the sight of it. Immediately, Tony tried to wrench his hand free from the god's vice-like grip, grunting and gritting his teeth against the pain.
There were a few chuckles around the room when there was a loud beeping noise, making everyone freeze and fall quiet. All eyes eagerly felling on the blinking screen that made the noise.
When Tony finally woke up from his deep slumber, it was to a very disturbing and horrifying sight...
Now, after days of searching and hours of bloody fighting, they had defeated the others, knocked unconscious, slowly bleeding out or dead. The alternate Avengers hadn't stopped fighting until they were in a sate to not move anymore, moving and fighting like the thing they wanted to do most in the world was kill them in the most gruesome way possible. It was horrifying to see his own dead body, but it had to be done. They just wouldn't go down any other way.
With that, Natasha grabbed Tony’s arm in a bruising grip, practically dragging him out of the car garage and to the ground floor, ignoring his curses and jabbing at painful pressure points in his back or twisting his fingers if he struggled a bit too much for her liking.
They weren’t blinded by greed or want. Wanting something
Stroking one finger tenderly down the genius' face, admiring the small puffs of breath that he let out as he sunk deeper into sleep, before he removed his own shirt and trousers, leaving him in just his pants, and then climbed into his bed. His arm possessively curled around his genius as Steve stuck his nose in the other's hair, taking a deep breath like a drug addict getting his dosage after so long from being apart from it. Even his scent was the same as his old Tony...
"I'm sorry." came his muffled voice from behind the thick glass. Then he turned away, shame lining in every inch of his body, before he sat down, head bowed.
Raising his eyebrows, Clint couldn't help but incredulously ask, "That fast?" as he kept pace with the others, casually wiping the blood from the side of his face.
belong to
(to long time readers: I will be trying to get other chapters for on-going stories up as fast as I can but my revision comes first so soz!)
whipped!" Yelled out the perched blonde.
"Let me go, you bastard." Tony spat before he could stop himself, his face quickly loosing colour with the realisation at what he'd just said and the repercussions that could come to hand. He didn't want to go back into that dark room...
Everything was different here, and yet exactly the same. It was disturbing and odd. Tony had lost count with how many times he'd forgotten himself and started to joke, or laugh with the team, only to stop when he spotted the chains, or the slight differences that he could see in his team members. Just a few weeks ago, Tony couldn't bare the mere presence of any of the team members of this world - they were too familiar and it pained and sickened Tony to see how far the team had fallen, not wanted to see his friends in these monsters. Now, Tony didn't want to be alone, not after the dark room they had placed him in for an untold amount of time. He wanted someone to be with him, to hear a friendly voice next to him. He didn't want to be alone anymore and that thought was slowly killing him inside. In his mind, Tony knew that he was looking for a replacement for his old team members in his state of injury and vulnerability, the Dark Avengers being too close to the real this for Tony to not desire their presence, their voices, their touches. This was getting too deep for Tony and he could feel himself close to drowning...
Escaping.
This gave the stoic agent pause, his knife poised on the last rope that was around Tony, the genius having to ignore the tingling sensation that shot up and down his arm, bordering on painful. "Threw the vents. No, I'm not evil. And I'm getting you out." he stated with the finality that reminded Tony purely of Phil Coulson - monotoned, deadpanned, 'I'll watch
"Why don't you just kill me then." Tony hissed through gritted teeth as he leaned forward slightly, the tight collar around his neck preventing him from moving further, ignoring the pain that came from leaning into the knife and the wrong feeling of his blood sluggishly rolling down his collar bone and under his shirt. If he couldn't escape these people, escape from this hell hole, he would gladly die than have to go through another of their 'methods of persuasion' that these crazy people had come up with.
The man was smart, Tony will give him that but he looked and spoke to Tony like he was dump due to Tony's area of expertise being mechanics and machinery. Tony may not have known as much as Richards did about portals and soft science (also known as biology) but he had a bit of understanding. For instance, Tony understood that it was dangerous to turn on the machine that was supposed to be a portal without a secure and safe facility, which the top of the Baxter Building wasn't.
A renewed hope bloomed about the room, their optimism practically contagious, with a certainty that they
When Tony opened his mouth to sneer something else at Rogers, he suddenly found something being forced into his mouth. It only took him a second to register that it was a mouth guard. Then the chair began to move, forcing him into an uncomfortably stretched standing position, feet inches from the floor.
They were all lit up, showing every aspect of the large cells that the people were trapped in. They all had a large bed, a toilet, a sink, all of it white and bright with the sterol lighting that came up from the floor itself, making it look too clean to be normal.
With one last stroke of Tony’s thick hair, sweeping the soft strands from the man’s face, he got to work of getting Antony comfortable. He removed the man’s shoes and socks as well as his slightly burnt shirt before tucking the mortal into bed.
With lazy movements, the awful Steve Rogers of this world came into view, circling in front of him before he came to a stop, leering down at the trapped and immobile genius, a spark of something inhuman in his dark blue eyes. The dark Captain wasn't wearing his usual darkly coloured tight shirt and jeans, but his battle gear, the tight black of his less than standard suit like an insult to everything that Tony had ever created. But, as much as he hated the crappy protection gear, he hated Rogers even more.
Everyday, Tony was with someone, never left alone for one little second of each day and it would always be with one of the Avengers. They were the ones to fetch him from his ‘room’, standing outside the bathroom and Rogers had even taken him to some sort of meeting, keeping Tony pinned to a chair in a corner, mouth gagged when he wouldn’t stop talking or disturbing the meeting. There was simply no time that Tony was alone enough to slip away more than two feet.
Loki moved like a doll, reacting to Tony with little prompting, standing easily and walking to the open doorway, eyes still as blank as ever, movements robotic and stiff. Again, Tony felt a chilling crawl along his skin at the thought of what the hell the team had done to the fiery god to make him seem so docile and dead.
"You bastards!" Tony hissed as he felt hard hands seize his flailing legs in bruising grips, pinning them harshly to the chair, making him completely vulnerable and immobile.
Suddenly, the hands moved away and Rogers' face was mere centimetres from his own, making his muscles tense and his breath freeze in his lungs. He could feel the dark Captain's unnatural body heat from where he was pinned. He was too close. Much too close for Tony's liking.
That would mean that he would have to cause some kind of distraction when everyone had settled down, something that would distract them long enough for Tony to slip away - a kitchen explosion maybe? They had gotten to a point in his imprisonment where he was allowed to walk around the kitchen and fix his own food, his left foot being accompanied by a minimum of six feet of solid steel chain that was bolted to the kitchen floor— of course.
It took Tony a while to finally realise that there was a hand on his shoulder, warmth radiating from it and a low voice bringing him out of his dazed state. With shaky, slightly numb, fingers, Tony reached around and clenched the hand that was offered to him, unsure if he was shaking with fear or rage, listening as the voice told him to breath, counting and getting him to focus.
Quickly getting dressed, Steve's eyes barely left the still form on his bed, wishing that the small man would face him, and look upon him with adoring brown eyes as he whispered words of love and affection. However, as it stood currently, Tony was turned away from him, low mutters of resentment passing through his lips instead of the sweet nothings that he so desired.
BYE!!
First, Tony respected them for their talents and such, as much as they respected him for his brains, but once Tony started to observe and did those things, they started to get closer to him. Tony didn't see it at first but by the end of it he could see what they were doing. Each and every one of them wormed their way into his iron shielded heart with small actions of appreciation and companionship. It became very clear when Natasha twisted a nosey and rude reporter's arm for stating that Tony had no real input to the Avengers team...
Tony, like an idiot, stared at the closed door with wide, unbelieving eyes before he was finally able to snap himself out of his stupor. Peeling himself up off of the carpeted floors, Tony went over to his bed as fast as he could, hurriedly ripping off the neatly arranged covers, uncaring of where exactly they landed, before doing the same with the bed-spread.
They really were going all out in the precaution area; on the trip from his ‘room’ to the kitchen, Tony had his hands shackled behind his back and Thor lug him over the his muscular shoulder on his way down. Even when they were fixing him to the chair, they had Steve do his arms and Clint do his legs at the same time, while Natasha had been staring him down, daring him to try and struggle against the two very-much-more-stronger-than-him men.
Feeling a bubble of a laugh blooming in his chest, Tony could only smile wider to himself when he read the underground floor where the carpark would be. Breaking into and hot-wiring a car would be as easy as picking a lock. He was practically home-free!
"Let me go! Now!" Tony ordered, fear and anger clear on his face and in his actions.
Feeling the rest of his colour drain out of his face, Tony frantically searched about and thanked the heavens when he found a cleaning bucket that hadn't been put away. Collapsing heavily onto his knees, Tony clutched the bucket like a life-line as he heaved his guts out. When there was nothing left in his stomach, not that there was much in the first place, he dry heaved a few painful times before he managed to stop, eyes streaming and breathes shaky and hitched before he set the bucket down carefully with trembling limbs.
This made Natasha frown before she looked at Bruce, who was helping Richard find Tony, silently questioning why this was so.
Suddenly, Tony’s world was turned on his side as a weight tackled him from behind, making Tony scrape his chin on the cemented ground, the burst of copper on his tongue let him know that he’d bitten his tongue slightly in the fall.
Tony would have asked but no small amount of fear of being heard kept his mouth firmly shut, breathing shallowly through his nose as he moved through the vents.
area of science. I know all there is to know and I
Slowly, and purposefully, Rogers lifted up his hands and wiped away the spit with his fingers, cleaning up the mess with a calm exterior, before he wiped his hand on the sofa next to Tony's leg. The large hand accidently grazed the side of his thigh and Tony couldn't help but believe that the touch was on purpose. Then Rogers continued to loom over Tony, his expression blank but his roaring eyes promising violence and pain upon him - a promise that would make him regret the crime he had just committed... Tony really couldn't see himself getting out of this one.
"Doctor Banner, I have brought our dear friend here, as per your request," he pulled up Tony, lifting him off the floor and making Tony hiss in pain at the thunder god's bruising grip, "Where do you wish him placed?"
At the moment, Tony was fairly sure that none of the dark Avengers has figured this out yet, which was a good thing in his eyes.
Slowly, Tony stepped away from the thick glass, lowering his eyes dejectedly after seeing Phil's returned nod, looking away from the retreating form of his would-have-been saviour that he so desperately wanted to follow after, it was too painful to watch. In a daze, Tony sunk to his knees, beside the unconscious god, his head lowering further until Tony was practically curling in on himself. Silent rivers of tears streamed down his face, hot and quick, the tears washing away the remains of his shattered hope, leaving only misery and terror behind, making him tremble ever so slightly.
Tony’s smile was sad when he looked at his Science Bro, his voice was soft, “I’m sorry Brucie, I don’t belong here and god knows what’s happening with the longer I stay here: could be nothing, could be the end to all universes and dimensions of us and other worlds completely. You know how fragile this kind of thing is.”
"It didn't have to be this way, Tony." Rogers ignored his comment, which Tony couldn't really summon the energy to care about at this moment, fear once again clutching his heart in its icy, clawed grip, "We could have been happy. You could have been happy. I would have made you a king, a man that's waited on hand and foot, respected and feared. The most protected man in the universe with all of us by your side. But no, you just had to hold on to your old team too tight." he finished off bitterly, eyes filled with something, a dark, unspeakable intent that had Tony shuddering in fear.
“President Nixon… -what?”  He stared, waking up fast, “-suspension of all U.S. offensive action in North Viet- …oh my god.”  Tony broke off, and swallowed.
“The name’s Jerome Perkins.  Thanks for the hand up.”
“Ton-y?  What are you making me-?”  Whitney called playfully from the bed.
Not the regular phone either, but the black one just under the edge of the bed beside Tony’s emergency backup battery.
He got up, and paced a few turns.  He killed half his beer in one shot without seeming to notice, and held the neck of the bottle between his first and second fingers, forgotten.
Ten minutes later, Tony wandered out scratching the side of his jaw.  He turned on the light, and started.
Suddenly, his radar beeped a warning.
“I’m sorry about Tuesday, I just forgot.  I mean- -I just remembered…”  Harry fumbled.
The scent hit him at the door.
Tony avoided the security cameras in the stairwells by going out a window.  He pushed it shut behind himself carefully, and magnetically re-locked it.  Then he cut power, dropped eight stories, and caught himself just in front of the garage entrance as if he’d never seen it before, dropping lightly to the ground and walking away until he could-
“Sure, why not?”  The old man shrugged, turning as he answered and messing up Steve’s drawing perspective once and for all.
Tony pointed back towards the toolbox, and made a ‘get rolling’ motion with one hand.
Tony paused outside the locked laboratory door, and glanced up at the security camera in the corner.  He shifted his feet a little, and resisted the temptation to see if his access code still worked.
“Well?”  Tony prompted, impatiently.
Steve broke the seal on his pack of drawing pencils, and shook four of them out of the cardboard box.
“You’re not okay, either,” Tony stated.  He put his keys down on the dresser, and came over.  Steve’s shield lay roughly in the middle of the bed, star upwards.
Tony reached up and touched the backs of Steve’s hands with his own, then let out a breath.
“Cog-chasing slut…”
Being inside Tony was
Would this have made a difference?
“Yeah, that’s ah… I can kinda opt out of gravity when I think about it real hard, but then I’m just
“Are you
“That shouldn’t-” The nurse frowned at Harry’s chart, “-how many times?
“When did you get this place?”  He asked, fascinated.
The crackling shut off.
…”  Tony told him frankly, “-but what made you decide to go looking for an apartment in the middle of a goblin-hunt?”  He added, skating closer and stopping again.
“Gotcha, boss,” Peter nodded.
Steve had come over
“-Put your mask on,” Iron Man ordered.
about it.”
“Mm.  Probably a good idea,” Tony admitted.
New York International airspace, 2,200 feet above sea level.  3:08 PM.
An ant crawled onto the back of Tony’s hand from the bottom edge of his t-shirt.  Tony brushed it off onto the floor impatiently.  Two more ants stood milling around on the door lock control box, and a thin trail began to march down through an unseen chink in the ceiling tiles in one corner.
“What’s it -really- about?”  Steve asked.
“What happened?”  Tony asked, in the same calm, low voice.
Okay.
, and your boss secretly builds high-tech superhero weapons?  That, ah-”
“…You made it up to me,” she whispered, touching a control stud on her mask just beneath the shadow of her smooth, black hair.
“-Don’t you have school today?”  Tony asked, glancing up at the cat clock above the doorway.
“Don’t um, get sent to jail okay?”  Peter suggested, helpfully.
Steve let himself in through the skylight, and dropped lightly onto the worn linoleum floor next to the kitchen table.
“I’ll kill him,” Tony said, to himself.
“You know it messes with my ki…”  Danny began.
, and obediently went back into standby mode.
Steve ordered.
Peter came into the room with his ‘Fantastic Four’ t-shirt on inside out.
have made him happy, Harry was… ambivalent.  If anything, looking at them just made him feel impatient.  Like something he had outgrown.  Something…
“I will have your EYES for this, you interfering
“-Hold that thought,” Tony said, his mouth a little dry.  He strode to the record player, and started the song over.  “-
Harry would learn that.
“Like I haven’t heard -that- before.  All right, we’ve got work to do…” Tony began.
“C’mon, Redwing…”  Falcon murmured, reaching up with two fingers to stroke the bird’s soft, tensely fluffed throat feathers.  Redwing relaxed a little and began preening the tight black curls above Falcon’s ear, one round, intelligent eye still fixed on Fury with suspicion.
“Yeah, I get it.  Um… Tony?”
“Wait- -black leathers, full-face helmet?”  Tony asked, quickly.
“This is
“-Hi,” Peter said, partially muffled by his mask against Harry’s shoulder.
punishment as long as it wasn’t chafed or rasped, and thus needed to be encased in an inner and outer layer of metal.
“Is that a sixty-five?”  Harry asked.
The experiment was a success however, and the three of them ate it in two separate rooms, talking loudly back and forth through the slightly-cracked door.
“No…”  Tony said, carefully.
Tony’s eyes snapped open.
Tony grinned, and said nothing.
that truth this still IS America, win or lose,” Steve said, firmly.
Warm silk, with a hint of fine-grit sandpaper around the edges.
Harry started to shrug, broke off as the first preparatory tensing flared across the nerves of his chest, and settled for an apologetic smile.
The wind was rising.
distantly,” Tony ground out.
“Yes,” Steve nodded, glancing back at the warehouse uncomfortably.
“Good.  Try this one,” Tony said, and pressed 'B-3-PLAY’.  Quickly.
“Yeah, yeah…”  Leonard coughed a few times, and spat to the side.
“If you want to play with this shield,” Steve began quietly, “-you have to understand what it is first.”
“Well… now that you mention it, can you call Cap?”  Tony asked.  “-I think the shockwave earlier knocked my helmet radio out, because all I can pick up is this god-awful talk show host…”
“Right-o,” Peter said agreeably, moving a little closer to Steve and the others.
Dark water emerged, and faint reflections on the tops of small waves.  Tall pylons…
“…What do you want?”  Hank Pym replied through the intercom on the wall, after an unusually long pause.
?”  Peter realized, as he caught the scent of bourbon.
?          Paranoid                         Black Sabbath
“Okay…  I’ll tell him.  Thanks.”
Tony sighed, and glanced up and down the hallway.
He would be… eight feet from the corner of the tan filing cabinet, and fifteen from the front of the jukebox.  And eighteen inches up.
…”  Tony swallowed, barely audible.
“-Except for the part where you won’t make me my armor,” Whitney agreed, dryly.
been standing ten feet behind him.
“Yeah, Harry’s going to need a cover story that doesn’t involve being a major drug addict, and I mean tomorrow
“Just checking to see who I was talking to,” Tony told him, calmly.
began.
house?”  Hank pressed.
“Sure about that, are ya?”  Tony smirked, eyebrows slightly raised.
“Knock it
Wigs.  The click of hard-heeled shoes in poorly lit connecting passages, and the glare of the lights around the all-important mirrors, drawing beautiful, costumed women like a troop of butterflies.  And this
Tony set his empty glass down, and picked up a slice of green apple.  He took a bite and walked over, still chewing.
Rhodey’s window had been broken, and he’d been stunned by the blow, so still.  Tony had thought he was dead, at first…  Then Rhodey was up again, and the gunny was giving him his hand, and shouting.  The firing in the pale green field outside was coming closer, tell-tale ripples moving fast through the swaying tall stalks, like the dorsal-fins of converging sharks…
“I believe this is yours sir,” War Machine told him, “-may I propose a trade?”
good, and now Steve knew that it was because the man was a SHIELD agent.  Or working for them.  Or… something.
“Shower,” Tony ordered without raising his voice, “-Now.”
St. Vincent’s Hospital, NYC, 2:23 PM (same day).
“That- that was uh…”  Tony trailed off, blinking a little as he waited for the English language to reassert itself.
They both jumped a little, and Steve started to laugh, and Tony took a step in, pinning Steve against the door, and kissed him.
Steve decided not to mention the part about Luke telling him he was ‘doing them all a favor’.  He was quite familiar these kinds of running ‘you’re an easy lay’ jokes from traveling with the Howling Commandos during the war, and while he trusted Tony not to resort to the use of actual
in the general direction of the toaster, then sat down next to Steve, and bent an elbow on the table.
“Well, you’re… getting better…” he admitted, reasonably.
Tony sighed.
“…Oh my god…”  Warbird muttered, her voice almost lost against the soft skin of Wanda’s shoulder.  Then louder she added, “-Cap- -we didn’t mean to- -we thought the gym would be empty at this hour.  I’m not going to try and explain the rest.”
preceding a loud but familiar knock.
Luke frowned down at his wristband, and pressed the button down again, as firmly as he dared.  It was rated for a hundred and fifty pounds of pressure before keying anyway, but it was so easy to misjudge these things…
he began, raising his voice,
“Hips up.”
"No.”
Peter had missed it before, since Steve hung his red gloves over his belt in almost exactly the same position… and the mask, too, was red.
“Understood, sir.”
Another cry, ripped up and framed by the steady, rough edged guitar.
It looked as though a thunderstorm had been captured in a shallow, steel-bound glass jar, and implanted in him.  The lightning within was flickering powerfully but sporadically, and the device was clearly malfunctioning in some way…
“Good m-Yeow!”  Steve began and yelped, burning his wrist on the edge of a cast-iron skillet.
“Can you, uh, gimme a hand?”  The window-washer asked, apologetically.
The nurse glanced sternly at Peter and Tony, and picked up Harry’s chart, double checking something.
“What do you mean?”  Steve blinked, jerked back to the present.
“-I’m Whitney.  Nice to meet you.”
on the news?”
Steve caught his breath as Tony released him, but shut his eyes and managed not to lose it.
“-Have you figured out why we’re here yet?”  Steve asked as they climbed the loud, metal-frame staircase.
Nobody that big should be able to move that silently.
” Tony’s fingers found the back of Steve’s head, and-
“Terrific…” he muttered, fishing the damaged flower out of the vase entirely, trying not to disturb the others.
of him…”  Whitney said, pointedly.
“That is… appreciated,” War Machine rumbled.
He had three jets on each boot, Tony noticed.  It made sense at that weight, but… interesting.  How had they compensated for the-
Tony connected the thick red and black cables methodically, one on the left lower socket of the arc in his chest, and one on the right.
-No.  …Later, maybe.
Steve’s breath caught in spite of himself, and he glanced down at the bold, black, printed headline as if it had just bitten him.  Tony shut his eyes, and smiled bitterly.
Please, please let this be enough.
Tony smiled, and slipped his sunglasses back on.
Tony blinked.
Iron Man fired his boot-jets without asking why, and narrowly missed being pile-driven through the side of the downed silo.  Warmonger turned, took the two sides of the riven steel plating in his hands, and ripped them apart, striding back through.
, when Steve would feel honor-bound to stay at the garage with him anyway because of that Centralia thing?
Peter opened his mouth as if to join in, closed it, then reached down and unplugged the thick black cord at the back.  The song died in mid-syllable.  Tony gave Peter a thumbs-up, and uncovered the mouthpiece.
Tony flexed his fingers within his gauntlets, hearing the familiar sliding metallic crunch, and feeling the minute, bone-deep vibrations of actuating servos.  His targeting system picked out the sidearm of an off-duty cop in the small crowd that had gathered to watch, and identified it as a Luger.  Unusual, but there were hundreds of such statistical anomalies, if one knew where to look…
Pause.
lost.
It was over far too soon for both of them, in a choked exclamation that looked almost painful, and a short snap of Steve’s hips that Tony put a stop to by pinning them down with both hands, -hard-.  Steve slumped back against the couch to catch his breath, and put a hand clumsily onto the back of Tony’s hair.  Tony swallowed carefully, and eased off.  He straightened up, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand absently.
Warbird took off straight up.  Tony and Quicksilver were already gone.  Thor caught Scarlet Witch around the waist in one powerful arm, and threw his hammer deeper into the park.
“GAH-!”  Tony’s eyes opened suddenly, “-Ah!  Yes- yes- Yeahh-!  –
with how I voted on War Machine, and you know it.”
But Tony had patents to his name too, many of which still belonged to him.  Ideas he’d never had the time, or the facilities, or the venture capital to pursue.  Unknown quantities, any one of which could have been the key to saving-
Tony shivered a little.
Tony rose to his knees with the cube in hand, and the only sound in the room was the rasp of his unhealthy-sounding breathing.  There was a dark, ugly bruise in the shape of the handcuff-chain across his throat, and a trickle of blood painting a thin line of red down the side of his neck from somewhere near his left ear.
Nothing.
Tony darted out of line with War Machine’s chestplate just before the other suit’s unibeam fired.  It scorched the plating along the outside of his upper arm, hot enough to actually -feel-.
“I know you’re the Midnight Racer, its cool, and you’re an idiot for not telling me,” Peter listed, answering some of Harry’s unspoken questions.
“Gotcha,” Peter nodded.
“Can I get you something to drink?” Tony walked over to the refrigerator before Steve could answer him, hoping this would give him more time to formulate his thoughts.
Tony watched Steve struggle. “Rogers, what the hell are you doing?”
The response however caused the other reporters to shout their own follow-up questions. Rhodey had to prevent himself from glaring at Tony; Bruce was looking around anxiously; and Steve was doing his best to look content.
“I once heard Loki mention someplace called Jotunheim…”
“Oh my god! I remember this ad. There you are!” Tony turned the volume up on his phone as he played the video.
Tony smiled timidly, but then he shrugged to seem cool about it. “It was fine, I think.” Well, it was more than fine, obviously. Tony appreciated getting to know Steve more which included seeing his place and meeting a close friend of his. He hoped the dinner had improved his chances of getting that date in the future.
The candid frustration evident in the sound of Steve’s voice made Tony laugh. He reached out again to take Steve’s hand.
“Hi everyone, nice to see you here…” Tony began, grinning.
Steve continued to stare intently at Bucky, indicating that he was still very much concerned with his friend’s change in demeanor.
Loki nodded, eyeing Natasha in case she slapped him again.
Steve shook his head quickly as he backed out of the bedroom. “Tony, it’s fine. I can just camp out in the living room—we’ll barely be in the suite anyway.”
Bruce nodded before exiting the office. Tony sighed to himself, now swiveling in his chair. He looked at his monitor, tapping on the armrest of the chair a few times before launching himself out of the chair to search for Steve in their lab.
Mr. Beck nodded emphatically before making a move to add to the conversation before the door to the classroom swung open to reveal an exasperated looking Steve.
They stayed looking at the other liked this for a few more seconds, almost a minute. Tony was still bobbing up and down on Steve’s lap and Steve was tightening his grip on Tony’s waist. Tony then moved inward slowly for another kiss. Steve traced one of his hands up along Tony’s body, meeting his neck to massage before leaning to the side, turning Tony over onto his back so that they were both lying flat on the bed. Tony hugged his legs up against Steve’s sides as Steve let his hands roam.
“Uh…” Tony began as he felt Steve rub his arms, “…I’m trying to be that person who’s cool with their ex seeing other people…is it working?” He smiled awkwardly as he was beginning to feel empty inside.
Steve stared at Tony vacantly before looking back at the file. “Your what?”
“The equations will then be sent to Rogers and Stark who will input the numbers into the Synergy device.” Fury nodded at Steve and Tony.
Steve smiled kindly. “Thank you, I really appreciate that.”
Peter jumped up with glee. “Nope! There are only eight!” He corrected with delight.
“Fine,” he hung his head, “but I’m counting on you guys to keep this under control before Ned gets here,” Steve pointed directly at Tony, “I’m holding
Steve glared at Tony who was standing in the doorway before closing his eyes again. “Are you going to make an announcement whenever I do something?”
Steve buried his face in the pillow underneath Tony’s head. “Tony…”
As in Stark? YES!
Usually, Bucky and Sam would have a tough time getting Steve to go out with them. Steve preferred staying in and making dinner while trading memories amongst themselves privately. This time around, however, Bucky and Sam had successfully convinced their friend that he needed to be more social. Although a little irritated by the pestering, Steve understood why: it had been awhile since he had been in a relationship, or on a date for that matter, and he knew his friends were only being nice in their efforts to get him to meet new people.
“I think I had a dream about Tony last night…in the dream we…ugh…we were making out—then I remember waking up in his bed, alone…Tony was in his office…” Steve groaned as he buried his head in his arms on top of the table.
Steve nodded before breaking free from Tony’s grasp to place both hands on Tony’s face. He smiled downward at Tony before kissing him again which nearly caused Tony to melt all the way down into his shoes.
“Uh, it was more than fine, Rogers. I’ve been thinking about this for a while.” Tony’s comment had started out blithely, but it was clear by the end of his sentence that he was serious.
“I’ve never…you know…ugh…” Steve sighed again. For some reason, all that confidence built up from before dissipated as he began to psyche himself out.
Tony laughed back. “You did clear out your schedule to hold my hand in the Hamptons.”
Tony was standing next to Steve with a clear view though the room window, while the rest of the team was standing toward other side of the hallway.
“Steve…” Bucky began, grinning widely, “who would have thought that
“What? What are you talking about, Tony?”  Of course, Steve sounded confused, but Tony could think of no better way to express his feelings.
Tony nearly tossed his glasses and tablet on a bedside table. “You’re so sexy you manage to make an uncomfortably stressful environment erotic.” He teased.
The rest of the night was more pleasant than both Tony and Steve could have hoped for. After dinner, the three of them hung out for a bit in the rec room where Peter kept most of his toys and failed science experiments, before Tony begrudgingly broke up the party to announce that Peter needed to finish his homework before going to bed.
“You know, it was cute when you both hauled yourselves in the lab the first night, but now…” Steve indicated how disheveled both Peter and Tony appeared with a curt nod. Tony looked at him as if he didn’t know what his husband was referring to.
Steve watched Bruce sigh heavily as he removed his glasses before leaning up against a table. Steve could tell that Bruce was uncomfortable with the conversation which made him feel exceedingly uncomfortable.
"Steve, take it easy."
The last time anyone had called Tony reckless—and it stung—was his dad. The memory blinded Tony with rage; this person he was beginning to trust, his so-called “teammate”, or whatever the hell was going on between the two of them, was treating him like a petulant child in front of everyone.
Steve sighed as he turned around to face Tony. “Tony—”
“I’m…I…don’t know what I’m doing…” Tony finally admitted with his head hanging low.
“Parker, you live in New York City, but you can’t parallel park? What’s
“Tony, what’s wrong?” Steve asked, appearing unaware that Strange was teasing Tony about his relationship with him.
Thanos stared at Obadiah for a long dramatic pause before laughing hysterically.
too polite. Personally, I can’t get enough of it.” Tony grinned as he pointed to himself.
“I also understand,” Steve continued, reaching for the earpiece Tony had given the team after they resumed Synergy operations at Stark Enterprises, “if this means you don’t want me on Synergy…”
Steve leaned forward in his seat. “How did you manage to track him down, Fury?” He was sitting next to Natasha, Clint, and Shuri who had cut her honeymoon short to fly back into the city after the team found out about Thanos.
nice. Like more so than usual.” Tony grinned upward at Steve as he backed away a bit.
Steve’s eyes grew wider. Also, for some annoying reason, once Tony mentioned his undisclosed warehouse in Queens, Steve’s brain triggered the memory of the two of them dancing at the mansion in Malibu before they met with those buyers on the black market. Steve shook his head, telling himself to focus.
They kissed for some time, feeling each other before Tony jerked away suddenly.
Steve sighed. “No…we’re not seeing each other anymore.”
But before Steve could confirm whether Tony was fine, Tony moved his head away from him.
Sam continued to look up at Steve, slowing his chewing to a painful crawl. He delicately placed his sandwich on its wrap before crossing his hands on his lap. Steve waited for him to respond, but his friend remained silent.
Tony looked up at Steve. “Steve, it’s not your fault…I just don’t know how I’m going to get that lab back to where it was before…”
Steve couldn’t sleep all night; all he could think about was that he had possibly ruined his relationship with Tony by moving too fast.
Tony nodded as he continued to smile at Steve. They looked at each other before Steve motioned toward the inside.
Steve nodded slowly before pointing to the counter. “I hope you don’t mind, but I put in an order for you…I just got what you usually ask for…” he laughed nervously, “unless it’s different now, of course.
“Are you going to be okay, baby?” Tony asked Steve, with a cheeky smile, trying to force himself to remember that they were pretending to be married.
“First we need to contact our boss,
“Yes, in due time, the perfect spot to unleash my creation will reveal itself. Stane has reassured me that he’s close to taking control of Synergy.”
They continued grinding up against each other, their cocks twitching from the movement between them. Steve placed both hands on either side of Tony, sliding his cock against Tony’s before placing one hand on Tony’s chest. Steve leaned downward to suck Tony’s nipples before resting on top of him again to grind against his body more directly.
Tony took another deep breath as he attempted to reorganize his thoughts. “Steve. I don’t think we should see each other anymore. I’m sorry.” He squeezed his eyes shut as soon as he finished his statement, afraid to look Steve in the eye.
Tony let out a painful sigh before knocking firmly on the door to Steve and Bucky’s apartment.
From their playfulness with one another, it was obvious that Natasha and Clint had known each other for a while, but they didn’t act like they were dating. Steve learned later that Clint was married after the latter bombarded him with wallet-sized photos of the Barton family’s last vacation trip. However, it was obvious that something was going on between Natasha and Bruce; both ignored each other as much as possible, acting professional on every level, however there were moments when Steve caught one or the other watching the other. Steve smiled at the thought; he remembered being initially shy like that with his ex-girlfriend, Peggy.
Tony kept his eyes trained on Steve as he heard Bucky grumble to Sam before the two of them shuffled outside of the room.
"S-Steve's…" Tony couldn't finish his counter statement. Of course, Steve was his boyfriend but the mocking tone in Obadiah's voice made him feel awful for even thinking that he and Steve had a chance.
Tony moaned. “Fuck, I’m definitely going to come, baby.” He placed both hands on Steve’s neck.
Steve waited before tasting the beer. “Yeah, he’s nine. And he likes art apparently.”
“Tony, I’m sorry if I offended you. I didn’t mean to,” he began, placing a hand on Tony’s back, “maybe we should get some sleep and talk about it in the morning?”
“Hey, is that…Tony Stark?”
Strange smiled as he shook Steve’s hand. He glanced over at Tony who only shrugged. Strange simpered, obviously now revealing that he had figured out that Steve was the person Tony had been experiencing panic attacks over.
“Yeah, you should try anyway, Peter.” Steve answered as he waited for either Bucky or Sam to appear in the living room.
Tony’s playful tone finally got Steve to ease up. He reached over to rub Tony’s arm who then used the opportunity to lean inward to wrap a hand around Steve’s waist.
Thanos’s chilling reasoning rendered everyone else in the room speechless, clearly disturbed by Thanos’s untenable grasp on reality. A second or two passed before Thanos began laughing to himself before the intensity of the laughter increasingly rose.
“Tony…” Steve started. He looked downward, taking his hand away from Tony’s back to clasp it together with the other in his lap. He felt so terrible for possibly offending Tony, again.
“So, this program is almost seventy years old. It’s great that you have the resources to finish it.” Steve offered as he stepped closer toward Tony.
The various items disappeared as Tony sauntered to the center of the stage. “Be on the lookout for the device in the future. I can truly guarantee that Synergy will not
Steve crossed his arms, still expressing his confusion with Tony’s statement. Tony backed away again almost up against the elevator, now angry with himself for bringing up Sharon again when he and Steve were trying to repair some semblance of a relationship.
Steve laughed. “I could only imagine.”
Tony perked up at Steve’s nickname. “’Cap’?” He asked as he shoveled more food into his mouth, forgetting that Steve had been a captain in the military.
Although he looked momentarily surprised by the accusation, Tony knew Bucky was right. He had been feeling a serious connection toward Steve, serious enough to believe that he might be in love but had refrained from saying it out loud. He couldn’t even have a serious conversation with Steve about the state of their relationship.
the dancer.” Steve felt Tony hug him even closer.
Tony had been out of it during the simulation because he had decided earlier that week he would ask Steve out for dinner, and the idea was consuming him. He reminded himself of his conversation with Rhodey and figured that Steve was probably old school when it came to dating. Maybe a nice dinner—just as friends really, Tony was horribly aware of pushing his limits—would ease any tension between the two.
Pepper had the Stark Industries Chief of Security inspect the security tapes to find a culprit, but he came up short. Fury then had Shuri and Natasha review the tapes at S.H.I.E.L.D. to find any similarities between it and the tapes Loki had doctored. So far, there had been no correlation between the security tapes of the blast and the Loki tapes.
“Why ask if you’re already listening in on my conversations?” Bruce muttered, prompting a laugh from Tony.
Steve seemed understanding, but he wasn’t aware of all of Tony’s issues. Steve had only caught a glimpse of how big an emotional wreck Tony could be over Bucky and Tony knew that if Steve saw everything he would definitely leave. So, it was better to have some distance.
Steve waited for an answer before getting out of the bed, hurrying out of the bedroom. As he entered the hallway, a strong breakfast scent greeted him at the entrance, leading him through the dining room then the kitchen to find Tony cooking at the stove.
Tony scoffed as he crossed his arms. “
When he walked into the space, Steve could hardly believe his eyes. He had only really seen something like this on TV, like in a passing
Tony waited, looking at the message until he finally turned his phone off. He turned over onto his other side to face the pillow Steve was lying on, grabbed it, and held on it tightly before surrendering to sleep.
Steve laughed as he followed Tony further into the suite. “Yeah, this place is definitely bigger than my apartment…”
Tony typed a few figures into the program before addressing J.A.R.V.I.S. again.
“Wanna dance?” Tony asked sheepishly, adding a little shrug at the end of his question.
“…uh, sure…?” Was all Steve could manage.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Just figure out the event shit with Pepper and only include me when needed.” He picked up his bag before brushing past Obadiah to exit the office. He opened the door before motioning for Obadiah to leave.
Tony slapped an armrest with glee before handing Steve the device. “I’m sure you’ll remain just as handsome as you are right now, Rogers.” He coyly remarked.
Steve nodded. “Yes…,” he whispered quietly before he began grinding against Tony’s body. He leaned downward to kiss him, using one hand to direct Tony’s hand toward cupping his ass. Tony complied as he grabbed Steve’s ass cheeks as hard as he could. He let out a moan and shut his eyes as Steve pushed downward into his body, using prolonged thrusts to rub him himself against Tony’s leg.
“Tony!” Peter continued to shout with a smile.
“Don’t worry about that,” the scientist chuckled to himself which unnerved his colleagues, “the school’s planning a trip to Venice for the kiss-ups…” he turned around to face away from the group and at the object.
“Tony! I thought we agreed that you weren’t going to do work in the bed.” Steve glared as he rested his hands on his hips.
.” Sam scrunched up his face as he shook his head.
Tony waved his hand. “Yeah, yeah sure. Now get back to work.” Steve watched the three leave before turning to face an image of the Synergy device Tony was playing around with.
For the board event, the company had rented out a nice lounge located in an old historic fraternity lodge in midtown. The board usually held these events to placate investors and woo new ones, but Tony hoped the event would also boost morale amongst his team. The board had also taken the opportunity to invite other companies in the tech industry, much to Tony’s chagrin; he had the feeling he would have an unfortunate run-in, but with whom, he wasn’t sure.
“Stark.” Natasha’s voiced appeared in Tony’s earpiece, “we’re close to getting people off the island. Some people are refusing to leave, but we’re just about done.”
Tony whined as he walked up to Steve. He rested his hands on Steve’s arms before rubbing them.
Tony looked away as he frowned; there was Bucky again. Although Sam had seemed forthright with his insight into their relationship, Tony couldn’t help but think there was something else going on between Steve and Bucky. Maybe they dated before Sam knew them? Or maybe they fucked on one or possibly more occasions and are just cool with each other now.
“Good work, Parker. I think this is your best work yet.” Tony half-hugged an excited Peter.
“Tone—”
Steve berated himself as he dismounted from his bike.
Steve looked unnervingly at Tony, which Tony immediately picked up on. He glanced at Steve before addressing the reporter again.
Steve continued to smile as he walked toward Tony. “Good. I was hoping you weren’t ignoring me.”
Tony rolled his eyes before leaning on one leg, now resting his hands on his hips.
“Okay, Banner…” Tony motioned for Bruce, “where do you think would be the best place to hide an unstable weapon?”
Loki scoffed as if he couldn’t be bothered. “Thor isn’t
Steve chuckled as he placed two coffee mugs on the table in front of them. “That’s okay if you do, Tony. You’ll also have some time to relax a bit at the resort when we arrive.”
As the song neared the end, Tony looked out over the water as the helicopter approached the city. Tony had been the most open with Steve, the most open he’s ever been with anyone he’s ever dated or known.
But before Tony could angrily finish answering his friend, Bruce moved to gently push Tony’s phone away from his ear, but he miscalculated the force of his movement, slapping Tony’s phone instead as his hand launched the phone across the room.
“Uh, yes. I would really like that.”
Steve nodded slowly, hanging his head as his expression changed, betraying that he knew what Tony was referring to.
“We’re not interfering, we can help you.” Tony pointed toward the precinct, “that bomb your team is trying to disarm is
“Hey. This looks like fire damage. You should get this replaced, Stark.” He pointed out.
Tony followed Steve, now more determined than ever to make Steve more comfortable around him again, maybe to the point where he could make things right between them.
Steve heard Tony coo next to him then laugh before turning toward another console. Steve smiled; it was becoming clear that whatever tension that had existed between the two of them had loosened a little.
Tony looked back at Bruce and Shuri before facing the staffer. “Sure, why not. Actually, something came up with my CFO. Where are we set up?”
Steve nodded with a smile as he held up both hands to keep score with his fingers.
As soon as the yacht made contact with the dock, Sam quickly rushed everyone off the yacht to head to the area of the resort where most of the other wedding guests had gathered for the photo. Sam had everyone separate into multiple groups before taking a group photo. Steve and Tony were placed together in a smaller group with Sam, Bucky, and T’Challa.
Steve wasted zero time following him closely behind, arriving in a room lined with dark wood paneling. There were floor-to-ceiling bookcases along each wall, complete with a fashionably antique record player positioned next to a small ornate sofa. Steve looked around to find a desk at the end of the room with a mound of books and papers stacked on top of it. It looked like Tony’s office, from what Steve could remember, but he realized that this was Tony’s personal library.
Steve laughed, now running a hand through Tony’s hair. “Yeah, I was supposed to get rid of it when Synergy first closed down…”
“Sam!” Bucky was calling for Sam, still reclining in his seat, “we can drink on this flight, right?”
I weren’t, which I’m not saying I am, how do you plan to stop him? He’s too far along…also I wouldn’t put it past him to get rid of
Tony turned over onto his side, not really being as affectionate with Steve as he typically was before calling it night. Steve took notice but decided not to press it; he knew Tony was mentally grappling the situation.
do great, especially for it being your first time, Rogers. And it’ll only get better, I promise.” Tony offered as he patted Steve on the chest.
Steve groaned. “We’re not sleeping together, Bucky. Someone thought we were.”
“That’s easier said than done!” Tony shouted after Strange, but knew it was useless as the other was halfway down the hallway already.
Steve blushed which prompted a chuckle from Tony. “It helps having the right partner…uh…where did you learn to dance?”
“She said,” Nebula wedged herself into Obadiah’s personal space, “sit
“Why didn’t you tell me Sam went out with Shuri?”
Bruce adjusted his eyeglasses. “I remember reading in the Synergy archive that there was a possibility that the device could be compromised based on some issues related to its original design. The failsafe was only used to protect against that.”
don’t tell me you’re weird about sharing a bed.”
“Uh, you think I’m unhappy?” Tony asked quietly.
Tony spun around quickly to walk up to the counter, swearing to himself. As soon as he paid for their coffees and turned toward their table, he could see Steve walking up to the counter.
“I closed down the resort for the wedding, so it’s just wedding guests.” T’Challa stopped at the front desk as he motioned to get the attention of one of the members of the resort staff, “could you give everyone their keys to their suites?”
Peter giggled as Tony said goodnight. After closing the door to Peter’s room, Tony dragged his feet to his bedroom, now feeling woozy from Peter picking up on his feelings toward Steve.
Tony couldn’t stop his face from expressing how surprised he was by the comment. “Steve…”
Steve inched as close to the explosive as possible while still giving himself a safe distance to generate specs. Tony watched Steve press a few buttons on the device before giving him a thumbs up, indicating that he was ready to proceed.
Steve took a deep breath and pushed forward as best as he could. There was no use in trying to argue back.
“So, uh…do you remember…or you probably don’t…which is fine…” Steve listened as Tony rambled.
Tony barely answered back as he flinched, becoming hyper away that he had been staring at Steve since he entered.
“So…tell me more about Sharon…all I know is that she likes parties.” Tony teased.
The device clicked, indicating that the main hatch to its hardware was open. Loki grinned as he proceeded to tinker around. Everything was going according to plan, until Loki came up against the failsafe Shuri had helped Bruce and Tony reconstruct. Loki grimaced as he tried to work around it, but he knew something about the failsafe would trigger a reaction. He tried to reroute the wiring, but couldn’t figure out the mechanics of the failsafe.
Steve’s seemingly unwillingness to come clean about everything up until that point made Tony tilt his head backward as he scrunched up his face.
deserve the best. Just take your time and talk things through when you can.”
“Yeah, I don’t get to ride it often since I’m traveling to the Tower most days.”
“Just make sure to use protection, Cap.” Bucky offered curtly.
“Please get the fuck out.”
Tony nodded quickly before looking away from Steve again. He could feel that they were getting close to talking about more serious topics like the breakup and he wasn’t sure if he was ready for it.
Tony scoffed before turning around to look over the balcony again. “Then I guess we don’t have anything to say to each other.”
Tony shook his head with glee. “Shuri’s awesome, Sam. I’m thinking about asking her to work at Stark Industries, if she wants to, of course.”
As soon as they were alone again, Tony coughed once more. Steve looked over at him out of the corner of his eye and smiled timidly. Tony felt like his heart was imploding, but there was no way he could take advantage of Steve; he wasn’t sure if this overly flirty Steve was a symptom of alcohol consumption or if it was a genuine feeling. Either way, he couldn’t risk it tonight, especially with their board presentation days away.
Tony glared at Bruce before glaring at Steve. “You know, some sort of
“How could this happen? We were supposed to get ahead of this!”
“Vibranium? More of it? How?” Thor questioned. He was rubbing his chin as he posed in the most thoughtful looking stance.
Tony groaned as he sat up in the bed. “Please tell me the damage isn’t too serious, Strange.”
Steve could barely look at Tony, let alone be in the same room with him. He had no idea about this failsafe and the device implosion could have killed innocents. Ever since getting to know his partner, Steve believed he could trust him. Yet, he had trouble trying to comprehend Tony keeping something so crucial from him.
“…would you like to have dinner with me tomorrow night? There’s a place I’ve been meaning to try that’s over in your neck of the woods.” He looked downward at his shoes as he continued to fidget, just waiting for Steve to reject him like he had over the weekend.
Tony reached back into the bag. “And Peter did this sketch of the two of you. It’s actually really good…” Tony smiled weakly at Steve, “…you’ll like it when…” he choked a little on a sob quickly forming in his throat, “…when you wake up…” he finally got out before rubbing Steve’s leg. He delicately placed the sketch on the table next to the bag.
“Well, I’ve always been a sprinter.” Steve answered in a deadpan sort of way. Tony only huffed as he tried to get ahead of him before they walked into his lab.
He thought about maybe saying something about their breakup himself, but told himself that that was probably not a good idea, especially while they were working on the new Synergy device. Tony thought maybe he should save that conversation after they had worked together for some time.
“Tony, it’s okay,” Steve shook his head as he tightened his grasp on Tony’s thigh, “I’m glad you asked me to go.”
Steve smiled, which Tony found oddly reassuring. “That sounds fun. What do you two have in mind?”
Tony laughed. “I’m glad to know that the insurance we provide for our employees is top notch, but why didn’t you say anything? I would’ve gotten what you needed, since you’re, well, you know, with me.”
“Can we please focus on next steps?” Obadiah tried, clearly blustered by Steve.
Tony looked at Steve as if he didn’t know what he was referring to.
Obadiah turned toward Steve and smiled, yet Steve knew the expression was disingenuous.
Tony grinned as he removed his hand from Steve’s thigh. “Okay, well then I think after the day we had, maybe we could start over?”
“…I think the question is, was it good for you?” Tony added quietly.
Natasha crossed her arms. “I ran over the security footage from that night. You and Loki were the only people on that floor.”
“Jesus, Stark. Just let him finish.” Clint called over.
Tony stared up at the ceiling, instantly remembering that Steve was referring to the first time they went out to dinner together.
Jutenheim?” Steve whispered.
The rest of the ceremony proceeded naturally with the minister ending to allow Sam and Shuri to cement their union with a kiss. Sam took a hold of Shuri, dipping her as he kissed her, making her laugh while receiving joyous cheers coupled with clapping from the guests. The bridal party then filed into a line before walking out. T’Challa stayed behind to instruct everyone to gather at a nearby canopied area for the reception.
“Wanna La Croix?” Tony asked.
“Tony, it’s not your fault.”
Tony nodded as he tried to convey to Peter that he wasn’t upset. He sighed before continuing.
Steve scrunched up his face as it became clear that he was furious.
“Tony. I’m not a parent, but I understand that you have responsibilities…I’m sorry for asking you to come over…that overstepped boundaries…”
Steve nodded, swiping through data on his tablet without missing a beat. “Okay, well maybe someday I’ll go with you.”
“Hey, Steve.” Shuri waved at Steve before turning toward the projector to set up the call with Fury.
“Thank god I can take this goofy thing off now.” Tony quipped, taking Peter’s mask off, prompting a chuckle from Steve.
“Tony, this sounds dangerous.”
Bruce expressed his confusion. “Who? Who doesn’t know you?”
Tony glared at Obadiah, trying not to expose that he was surprised that Pepper hadn't also reached out to him about being late. However, instead of dwelling on it, Tony took a seat far away from Obadiah at the conference table. He cringed, watching Obadiah chew on his sandwich, before freeing his phone from the back pocket of his pants to answer some emails as they waited.
Thankfully, the conversation eventually morphed into something less tensed. They chatted a while until the waiter came by to take their orders.
“Also, please send an email to Pepper to let her know I’ll be working up here the rest of the day.” Tony sat down at his desk as J.A.R.V.I.S. turned on his main monitor and the console in the corner of the office.
Tony couldn’t help himself from grinning. “Aw, well…” Was all he could muster as he looked upward at Steve who was gazing at him intently.
Sam leaned up against another counter. “Jesus, that’s rough. He seems like he’s not worried though.”
“…because I do…” Steve took a step toward Tony who instinctively took a step backward away from him, “…I love you and I love Peter…I really think we could be a family—”
Pepper and Rhodey quickly glanced at each other before Tony spoke up.
“…I am not…okay…Steve…” Tony repeated, his voice trembling.
Tony chuckled as he turned to face Steve, reaching out a hand to caress his face.
“Steve…it’s okay—you’re doing nothing wrong…it’s me…I’m going to sleep in the office down the hall, okay? Just come and get me if you need anything.” He walked briskly out of the bedroom, nearly bumping into the doorframe, trying not to look back at Steve.
“No, Tony,” Steve shook his head again, “I’m just not ready to be in a relationship right now…I told her that…”
Steve sighed heavily as Tony finally let go of him before clapping his hands together with a huge smile.
And now thinking about Tony thinking about him in uniform made Steve muse on something he had fantasized about once or twice but felt too silly until now to mention something to Tony.
“Hey!”
Tony grimaced as he walked toward the console. “Uh, just up to the penthouse. I had lunch with Steve.”
Bruce shrugged. “If you’re trying to get me to say that Steve will look good in one, I’m not falling for it.”
"Relationships are not your strong suit, Anthony. I'm surprised the boy lasted this long."
Obadiah eyed Tony as if to call him out on his bullshit. Tony wasn’t lying about the Synergy device, though; it still needed to be tested a few more times which meant that they weren’t sure of its full capabilities.
Tony shrugged as he looked at Steve. “How are you doing, Steve?”
“Relax, Tony. I think it did more good than harm. Steve seemed appreciative of the information. I can tell he likes you. And I’m not just saying that.” Bruce crossed his arms again. Tony sat backward in his chair, desperately looking everywhere except at his friend.
“Turn it up.” Rhodey sang.
“Tony’s doing a great job with the team.” Pepper offered to the board members in their circle. Rhodey nodded as he patted Tony on the shoulder.
After finally processing the situation, Tony spun around to face the group who had gathered nearer toward him, all waiting anxiously for any response.
To Tony, however, it still felt as if Steve wasn’t bothered by the kiss. He wasn’t sure how to interpret it; Steve’s behavior over the last day and a half had appeared completely different from when he ran out the morning after the party. But Tony told himself not to be weird; if it came up, it came up. Right now, he was just having a nice dinner with a friend…
Tony nodded once as he shuffled around to provide some room for Steve to sit next to him. After Steve settled next to him, both men stared at the beach; the few lights surrounding the landscape only hinted at the dark coloring of the water below them.
Tony sat up in the bed. “Fuck, baby. I won’t ever doubt your level of preparedness ever again."
“Come in!” Steve ran a hand through his hair as he pretended to be reading through some emails.
“Okay, team. Let’s roll out.” Fury motioned to let everyone know that the meeting was over. Clint nearly fell of the desk but was saved by Thor, who grabbed the former by the collar of his shirt before he faceplanted onto the floor. Bruce rushed out the room, nearly tripping over Steve’s chair. Tony briskly followed him from behind, so Steve hung back in case they were discussing something personal. He felt a hand pat his back a few times. It was Natasha.
Although everything with Steve seemed perfect so far, Tony knew he needed to keep his distance. There was no way this could last if he opened up more; this thing with Steve needed to stay where it was and there was no point in trying to make it into anything more.
Tony shook his head; he told himself that Steve wasn’t telling the truth. “I don’t believe you.”
“Hey! I just said I was
“Uh, yeah. What happened now?” He managed between bites.
“Tony, are you sure we’re okay?” Steve asked quietly.
“Uh, sure,” Steve straightened himself out, “just let me say goodbye to Bucky and Sam.”
Fury interrupted the chatter. “We haven’t had any new assignments, but we need to keep testing the device before this scheduled simulation for the board. I think now that we have the device stabilized and have run a few scenarios on it, and I believe we’re ready to test it in the field once again.”
Hey, Rogers. Meet me in the lab at 8am tomorrow. Looking forward to our first day.
As Steve was almost free, Tony groaned. “…what…” he sat up a bit, “…is it morning already?”
“You’re becoming quite the crowd favorite around here, Rogers.” Tony grinned as he climbed into bed next to Steve after taking his usual shower.
“…so, please, if you don’t mind, if you have
“Oh my fucking god, Steve. You feel amazing.” Tony let out, ramming harder into Steve.
“Steve, why are you being so shy around me? I had no
Natasha smiled as she reached out to rub his shoulder. “Clint, I’m sorry to ask you this,” she then sat backward in her chair, “but do you remember anything from that night?” Her facial expression had turned grim.
Steve winced before settling, confused as to why Tony kept bringing up Sharon when he had thought he had been clear before.
Tony hesitated before reaching out to touch Steve. Steve remained still has Tony lightly touched his hands, grazing his skin as gently as possible before taking a hold of both of Steve’s hands, much like he had in the restaurant. He took his time looking upward at Steve who looked incredibly sad. Tony cursed himself for making him look so melancholy.
He groaned as he leaned up against the headboard. Having this recurring nightmare was the worst when he was alone. He had his friends, but his friends weren’t around all the time and they also had other obligations. He had Peter, but it wasn’t the same.
“Why would he think that, Cap?” Sam asked.
“That’s something I’ll need to get used to.” Steve said with as little effort as possible which earned him a twinkle in the eye from Fury.
After clearing bystanders away from the building, the team watched as the blast radiated from the precinct, indicating that the failsafe had detonated successfully. The terrifying, yet nearly silent, implosion collapsed the precinct, taking some of the surrounding buildings with it.
“Thank you for the opportunity, Mr. Stane, but don’t you think it would be better to have Tony for the promotional tour? He’s in charge.”
Loki turned slightly to face the group, but he didn’t respond right away. Everyone looked back and forth amongst themselves then back at Loki, waiting for anything.
“If it doesn’t get too out of hand, I wouldn’t mind that.” Steve answered. Any worry he might have sounded silly was quickly dashed by Tony’s jovial expression.
Steve nodded before following Bucky out into the living room, but the latter motioned for him to stand further away out of ear shot of Tony and Peter.
“Hey, Shuri.” Tony responded, albeit not as cheerfully as he was apt to do.
Tony face Steve, taken aback by the comment. “Are you serious? I mean besides the fact that you’re extremely good looking and way too polite…well,” he paused, “I guess maybe not…I mean I don’t have the best track record, well besides maybe Pepper…”
Clint smirked as Steve watched him lock eyes with Thor. Both grinned widely.
Steve laughed nervously as the waitress shot him a flirtatious glance. Both Bucky and Sam erupted with fits of laughter at their friend’s expense after the waitress left their table.
Tony nodded as he swallowed that weird lump in his throat again; he had been hoping to talk directly to Steve or to find no one at home at the very least. For some odd reason, Tony dreaded speaking to Bucky; although they only interacted on occasion, Tony could tell that Bucky was suspicious of him. It bothered him, especially after giving Steve such a hard time about their friendship.
Everyone crowded around Bruce, trying to see what was going on.
Tony shook his head again. “I said it’s fine, Rhodes. Let’s drop it, okay? I’m trying to enjoy the rest of my weekend.” He grinned.
Tony scoffed. “Eh, thanks, Hogan, but I’ve done better.” He then signaled to Steve to prepare himself to be bombarded by eager press agents too impatient to wait for their sit down in the other room.
Bruce sighed once more as he crossed his arms. Steve stood firm, but he felt like he might double over in pain from hearing that Tony didn’t trust him like he thought he had. He inhaled deeply as he stood up a bit straighter, considering maybe Tony felt more comfortable with someone who had known him longer than he had.
Tony pointed to the ceiling as he walked to the center of the lab. “J.A.R.V.I.S., meet Steve Rogers. Rogers, meet J.A.R.V.I.S.”
“Also, I’m sorry for unloading on you just now…” May quickly apologized.
“…I, uh, meant to tell you last weekend…but, uh,” Tony ran a hand through his hair, “…I have to go out there to appraise some shit…or whatever…” He then crossed both arms before waving a hand around. He was sure he looked uncomfortable.
He then grinned to himself as he sipped out of his drink, suddenly hearing his name called in the distance. As soon as he realized that his name was being called away from the huddle, Tony turned, now standing alone away from the rest of the group. All at once, he felt uneasy.
“…Peter’s going to have to be my top priority, no matter what…” Tony smiled, but his expression was equally stern.
on tumblr of Tony and Peter playing that quota learning game when Peter was nine. And remember that you can find the songs mentioned in the story on the running playlist on Spotify! Thank you so much for reading!
Usually, Steve would only stay over at Tony’s when Peter was with his aunt, so the two would only spend the night together maybe once or twice a week. Even so, those couple times during the week, when they weren’t working in the lab, were the most exciting for Steve.
Tony locked eyes with Fury, his face becoming flush with anger. “Obie.” He responded sharply before marching out of the space with Steve quickly following him.
Natasha sighed as she nudged Clint in the side before giving Steve a more sensible hug. “It’s good to see you, Rogers.” She pulled away to smile at Steve who was still blushing.
Tony nodded, somewhat relieved that Steve thought they had been a good team. “I mean…I think I may also be the reason why you eventually upgraded to a smart phone to join the rest of us this century.” He winked at Steve.
Steve ran a hand through his hair. “Do you think I should say something to Tony when I see him next? I don’t want this rumor flying around…especially with all the company politics…”
Tony chuckled. “We’re my test subjects and I want to make sure it works properly. So yes.”
Tony kissed him, aware that Steve was trying to ask him to fuck him again. He laughed but managed to do so without frustrating Steve.
Tony’s mouth bobbed opened and closed a few times. Indeed, Steve had a naughty side to him that had yet to be explored, but Tony would have never believed that Steve would be so deliberate when it came to teasing the possibility of sex.
“Mr. Barton’s vitals are good. We’re just keeping him under for the rest of the night and into the morning to give his body a rest.” He calmly explained.
Tony nodded as he turned around, sliding a hand around Steve’s body as he pushed up against him to kiss him on the lips. Steve hugged Tony as he kissed him back, feeling along his back before moving his hands downward.
Steve recoiled somewhat at the sudden change in Tony’s tone. He waited before responding again, thinking of ways to deescalate the conversation.
“Colonel Rhodes?” Obadiah had turned to look directly at Rhodey who was sitting next to Pepper and Bruce at the table, “you can’t possible think that the government will sign off on this.”
“You’re going to do great, Steve. And, like I said, they only want the best on this project.” Sam sipped his champagne as Steve continued to gaze down at the letter:
bad, Pep.” Tony teased back, which prompted a giggle from Pepper.
Tony turned around with a grin, sliding his arms around Steve’s waist. “Yeah, at that god-awful board event at the penthouse.” He laughed.
Tony nodded, kissing Steve back, feeling the continuing deluge of unrestrained tears. He felt a sensation in his chest, but it wasn’t as distressing as the other times when the feeling emerged. Actually, this time, Tony realized that it was just his body’s way of telling him that he felt close to Steve, closer than he’s ever been with anyone.
Steve sighed as he approached his usual side of the bed. “Did you take a shower at least?”
Here’s some more fanart by
“Why are you building the super weapon?” Steve asked.
Steve waited behind Tony before placing the diary on a countertop with some junk items Tony had started piling up. Tony tossed a box to the floor before walking into the dining room.
“Our world is becoming more unmanageable and destructive by the minute. No longer can we rely on traditional methods to protect and sustain ourselves and our fellow people. This calls for alternative means.”
Later that evening, they picked up Peter and Steve stayed for dinner before going home. Since calling it a night once he got home, Steve couldn’t sleep. At one point, after one more toss and turn, Steve turned over onto his side to look at his overnight bag he hadn’t unfinished unpacking, staring at a corner of the diary poking out from underneath his clothes.
“Uh, hey, Rogers…” Tony dragged out, “…are you, uh, busy?” He asked, praying Steve wasn’t about to tell him he was with Sharon.
“Wednesdays.” Clint added, leaning back in the chair he was already lounging in. Everyone in the room turned to stare at him directly.
Tony sighed again. He rested his chin in one hand, elbow on the desk as he made a pouty face.
Steve groaned as he lazily slapped at the papers. “Tony, you don’t have to do that…don’t they have a shuttle service or something at the hospital?”
“Steve!” Peter was over by their robot, waving for his dad’s attention, “check this out!”
The group chatted for a bit longer with mostly Obadiah musing about the external possibilities of Synergy. After discussing the agenda for an upcoming meeting, everyone took their time exiting the room until Tony and Obadiah were left alone.
“Tony, I
Steve looked more concerned than Tony had ever seen him. “Tony, are you all right?”
Both Steve and Tony quickly glanced at each other before sprinting out of the lab.
Steve, without responding verbally, only smiled at him sweetly before moving a hand to caress Tony’s face. The gap between them disappeared once again as Steve resumed kissing Tony. Tony let Steve hold him as Tony felt his body practically melt in Steve's hands. He slid a hand around Steve’s neck, pulling him as close as possible. The kiss lasted for a few seconds, but Tony could have sworn it felt like ages.
Peter clapped his hands together before flinging his bag onto the ground to pull out a notebook.
“…is…that so…?”
Steve grimaced, but he smiled as best as he could. “Sore, I think? I’m just…really confused…”
“J.A.R.V.I.S., run a quick diagnostic test on the device for me, please.”
Tony laughed. “Yeah, I know. I wanted to. Besides, it makes for easier clean up.” He winked at Steve.
nice.”
Tony shrugged. “It’s really a team effort, but sure I’ll take the credit.”
“We’ll just have you over for dinner then.” Tony managed to finish.
Steve lingered before finally taking the hint that sticking around could possibly lead to more yelling. He nodded slowly, turning around to exit the office, slowly closing the door behind him, and as soon as the door closed, Tony groaned loudly, shoving a folder full of documents off his desk.
Natasha nodded her head with a sigh. “Yeah, it’s looking like that might be the case. I don’t mind doing it, Clint, I just want to make sure he’s interested.”
Obadiah was back once again in Thanos’s office, but this time the scientist’s unusually small office space was cramped with two other people.
“Yeah, I did, but I’m not going. Nothing exciting ever happens at those things.” Tony turned to pick up a tablet from the console.
Tony walked up to the console projecting the information on Thanos’s weapon before turning to face the group again.
“Tony…I’m…” Steve began.
“This is the opportunity of a lifetime. Working on Project Synergy at Stark Industries would turn you into the man you’ve always wanted to be, and blah, blah, blah.” Sam interrupted his friend, but Steve couldn’t fully appreciate Sam’s playful teasing; Steve’s back was turned toward him. The two friends were standing in their tiny kitchen: Steve near the fridge, while Sam stood across the room, leaning against a countertop.
Tony hugged his body as he felt his eyes well up. He knew he wouldn’t be able to compose himself in front of Steve. There was another long distressing pause as Steve stayed behind Tony and Tony tried to stop himself from crying.
“What the hell?” Sam squawked.
Tony grinned, expressing his usual demeanor typically saved for a scientific breakthrough.
“I did! It was better than usual. Rhodey told me about your Q&A session.” Pepper grinned.
“Uh, J.A.R.V.I.S., where’s Tony’s home office?” Steve asked, his voice trembling; he couldn’t wait to get out of Tony’s penthouse.
“Shuri’s brother is shelling out a shit ton of money to finance this thing, so let’s take every advantage of this opportunity.” Tony managed to wink at Shuri and avoid Steve at the same time.
Tony’s eyes lit up. This was more than he was hoping for. “Really? I mean, uh…you mean because of Synergy, right?”
Tony shrugged before following Steve into the kitchen, making sure to stay a foot or two behind. Steve entered the kitchen, walking to the island before leaning against it. Tony stopped at the threshold of the entrance to the kitchen, leaning against the archway with his arms crossed.
Tony chuckled. “Well then. I can have a car service pick you up if you want…”
“You’ve done this before haven’t you…?” Steve then asked, but not really sure why he had.
“Steve,
“…also, I don’t have to worry about you being around my kid…” Tony continued, grinning at Steve.
“Rhodes, relax. This iteration of the device
The audience before Tony and Steve erupted with cheers as Tony walked around an incoming projection of the holographic image of the device while Steve took his usual position on stage. They had done this a few times, stopping in major cities in the United States before making a debut international tour in Berlin. Steve was finally becoming more comfortable with the presentation, so much so that their usual movements around each other along with their talking points were becoming second nature to him.
“Yes!” Tony answered way too eagerly as he motioned for Steve to follow him, “this way please.”
The machine made a quiet humming noise as it neared the end of the process. Everyone in the room went completely silent as the color from the blue vibranium core grew in intensity; it appeared as if the substance was pulsing with every little mark and inscription etched into the spec. The practice simulations of the device hadn’t done the real thing justice; Steve was left utterly speechless with how vibrant the device appeared. He wished he had his sketchbook with him; however, he was sure he would never forget the image’s lively hue.
Steve let Tony turn him over. He felt his body rock downward into the mattress as he felt Tony caress his backside.
Tony laughed quietly, looking downward before looking up to give Steve a coy grin. “Because, baby, you’ve never done this before and there’s a
Steve sighed. “My first working day at Stark industries, I saw you put out
Tony smiled. “Well, I was only doing to you what I would like done to me…” he looked downward at himself before looking back at Steve.
At one point, Steve took a break to stand off to the side of the group. Tony could see him from where he was sitting on the other side of the space. Sam got the band to start playing a version of Marvin Gaye’s “What’s Going On”, waving for Bucky and Steve to dance. Tony watched Bucky trying to get Steve to join everyone, but Steve was shaking his head. He looked over in Tony’s direction, his expression becoming too much for Tony to handle…
“We’re planning for an event right after the simulation for the board, so stay tuned,” Obadiah rose from his desk, buttoning his jacket again before motioning for Steve to follow suit.
Mount Liberty Hospital wasn’t too far away from Stark Tower. Steve looked down at the hospital landing pad to see several doctors standing around waiting for them to land. Tony easily guided the helicopter into place before jumping out of the cockpit. Steve jumped out after him, delicately slinging a bag containing the Synergy device behind his shoulder. The bag had a huge Stark Industries logo embellished on it.
Tony sighed again before crossing his arms. “I’ve got a lot on my mind. But like I said, you did a great job. You handled yourself and everything worked out fine.”
who betrays him…”
Natasha nodded sternly. She rubbed Clint’s shoulder again, trying to ease her friend, noting to herself that she wasn’t going to get much more out of him.
“…I think he and I talked back when we first went out…” Sharon explained quietly, “he didn’t tell me anything specific…he just mentioned that you guys had been serious…”
Tony shook his head. He reached out to rub Steve’s shoulder. “I don’t know, but whoever we’re dealing with is more dangerous than I thought…”
Rhodey nodded. “Well the lab explosion didn’t help when it came to final decision time, but as long as it stays in house and you and your team make Synergy safer from it, it’s a done deal.”
Tony expressed confusion at the question. “Like a key?”
Tony laughed. “I think Steve would really appreciate the offer, but he would probably stay with me in my room, like he usually does when he spends the night.”
Ever since his breakup with Peggy, Steve had to deal with an overly clingy Bucky who had made it his mission to make sure Steve not only got over his ex but would eventually find someone to settle down with. Bucky was super picky, which Steve appreciated, considering how long it took him to get over Peggy, but he was an adult and he could handle himself.
Obadiah barely said goodbye to the guard before walking to the elevator bank to access the employee express elevator. He looked down at his wristwatch again, noting the time to himself.
Fury crossed his arms, spewing an invisible cloud of frustration. “How could the device get jammed?”
“So…” Tony pulled back from the kiss, “last night was really nice…”
Tony nodded. “I think that’s a risk we’re going to have to take if Thanos is on the move. Banner, could you bring the team’s safety uniforms to the resort in case?”
Steve stared back at Tony, feeling the urge to hold him again like he had last night.
Steve reached out his hand to stop Tony from squirming around so much, placing his hand on Tony’s shoulder and squeezing tightly.
The scientist looked downward before looking up at Natasha. “I can’t…this is too dangerous…”
“Anthony, I don’t think I need to tell you that this doesn’t look good.”
“Tony, is it okay if Ned spends the night on the weekend?”
Tony waved his hand before crossing his arms again. “I trust Bruce, but I know you’ll know when to use the chip when the time comes.” Steve must have expressed that he was confused by the decision because Tony rolled his eyes before grinning to ease his concern.
Tony turned around upon hearing J.A.R.V.I.S. welcome Steve. He leaned backward on the console, crossing his arms.
Fury pointed to the woman with the red hair. “Rogers, this is Natasha Romanov. Romanov works closely with me; we managed to steal her away from the Russians.” The last statement seemed to amuse Fury.
Steve studied the numbers for a second before attempting an educated guess. He knew ever since he was brought on the team that he would have to work on the tech side of the project beyond sifting through the legal documents. However, he had never expected being consulted like this, especially by Tony.
Steve was running around the auditorium, trying to get the rest of the students, parents, and teachers out of the space before he found Ned to also get him out to safety. The robot was now in the middle of the space, spinning around with its arms flailing about. Peter and Tony flanked the robot from the back as Peter worked on his tablet. He tapped once more which caused the robot to stop spinning before it ran right into a tight corner between the bleachers and the stage.
“You know…” Tony began as he wiped himself off, “you can stay over if you want…” He took his time before finishing his thought.
Later that evening, after putting Peter to bed and wishing Bruce a good night, Tony strolled to the master bedroom.
“Goddammit, Tony…” Bruce took a deep, harsh breath before explaining, “…I’m going with Tony to his parent’s house out in the Hamptons this weekend. He’s finally clearing out some of the family heirlooms…he hasn’t been there in ages and asked me to go with him for emotional support…”
Pepper waved Tony off before he could continue. “Tony, why do you do this to yourself? From what you’ve told me, it sounds like Steve has never given you a reason to think this way and you know how honest he is. Don’t you think he would have told you something like this by now, especially if it happened with a close friend?”
Instead of responding right away, Thanos laughed. Tony sighed, looking over at Steve before slamming his fists on the table.
“…um…I-I'm so sorry, Steve…it wasn’t…uh, it wasn’t because of…me…right…? Because I’m really sorry—maybe you can talk to her—”
“…Dr. Thanos went to work for Hammer Industries, I think, after he was fired. They…Thanos and his daughters…knew you were close to figuring out their plan, so Thanos had his daughters pose as buyers at some event to throw you off his scent. Someone…I don’t know who…might have been one of Thanos’s daughters…contacted me to help convince Selvig to tamper with the device and build the super weapon for Thanos…and yes, I…doctored the footage…”
Steve nodded quickly. “Okay, how can I help?”
“Well,” Tony clapped his hands together as he squiggled with delight in his seat, “this trip should be interesting.” He turned to grin at Steve again before reaching for his coffee mug.
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony to pull him inward for a hug. “Well that means a lot coming from you.” He whispered.
Steve had to keep himself from blinking as he turned to face Tony directly. He did like spending time with Tony in the lab, but this would be the first time they would be together outside of the lab and not with the team. Although some aspects of Tony’s personality still bothered Steve, he was relaxing more around his lab mate and having lunch with him sounded nice.
“…of course! But you can count on the work we’ve been doing here…no need to worry…”
Tony screamed in his head, attempting to project cool contentment as Steve held on to him with a strong yet tender grasp.
Before Steve could figure out what to do, he felt a hand clap his shoulder which was accompanied by a hearty, joyful laugh.
“…this tub…” Steve started, trying to speak, but lost himself in the moment, “…this tub…is huge, Tony.”
out of here.” He angrily whispered to Bruce as he smiled at the board members.
Tony’s breath hitched once more at the tone in Steve’s voice. “Okay, I’ll see you in a bit then.”
I’m seeing someone else right now.”
Steve returned the laughter. “I hope not too much trouble.”
Tony shook his head. “We just need to remain diligent. Nothing’s come up about the buyers.”
“What? Are these my dog tags?” Steve gawked at Tony.
Rhodey chuckled as he patted Steve on the shoulder before leaving the circle. Tony watched Rhodey leave before turning to face Steve.
“I know that, Tony…I’ve been doing that for over the last week, actually…” Steve shifted a little to look at Tony directly, “that’s why I took a shower and I’ve already been taking the prescription…oh and,” Steve laughed to himself, “our work insurance covered all of it.”
Steve chuckled which made Tony grin harder, but this time it was brought on by a good feeling.
Tony glanced upward at Steve mid pour with a weak grin. He placed the bottle down on the counter and sighed loudly.
The robot screeched again causing both Tony and Peter to screech back. Tony quickly ran over to another table to retrieve the failsafe device to the robot, nearly dropping it as he rushed to turn the robot off. Peter backed behind him again as they tried to get away from the robot before it caused any damage. Finally, after a few more seconds of Tony quickly working through the controls on the tablet, the robot finally powered down.
Tony nodded, pausing before continuing. “…it’s been in my family for so long, but I never really thought about it before seeing you wear it…” Tony inhaled then exhaled deeply, opening the box to reveal his mother’s ring that had belonged to his grandfather.
Sam shook his head quickly, motioning again for Bucky to relax, but the latter barely acknowledged him.
“I’ll send out a memo that I’m attending a tech conference thing and I thought bringing you along would be good for team morale, or whatever.” Tony waved himself off as he came up with the elaborate lie.
“Well,” Tony turned slightly to address Steve, “looks good, doesn’t it, Rogers.”
Home and safe! 🤪
a spy thriller. People’s lives are on the line and someone is trying to take away all of the good work this team has done so far.”
be serious.”
Steve then thought to himself, still feeling stupid for asking Tony to come over.
“I have a lot going on right now, including Peter and Synergy…I can’t really act the way I did when I saw you last…” Tony had to prevent himself from looking downward. He glanced at Steve who looked both worn and serious.
As he spoke, Tony was surrounded by the entire team, but he kept his eyes trained on Bruce and Natasha to avoid glancing in Steve’s direction who was now standing in between Clint and Shuri.
The guard then motioned for his colleague to escort the carrier through security then to the elevator bank and up to Obadiah’s office. As soon as they arrived at the office, the guard knocked on the door.
Tony was sitting on the bed in the bedroom, reading a digital copy of his dad’s original schematics of the Synergy device. Steve had left earlier to meet up with Bucky and Sam for a bit.
Steve groaned as his internal clock woke him up, instantly disturbing his half sleep. He opened his eyes to see that Tony was still sleeping next to him. Steve’s hand was wrapped around and underneath Tony’s waist, naturally pulling the latter close to his body.
He hung his head before looking around back at the kitchen, hearing Tony and Peter laughing together. He looked back at Bucky’s bedroom door, debating with himself whether he should further explain his intentions with Tony to Bucky, but he knew his best friend would see right through that.
Steve smiled before moving inward to kiss Tony. Tony kissed him back, rubbing Steve’s back before moving his hands downward to cup Steve’s ass. Steve moaned softly into Tony’s mouth; he thought about how great it felt being so close to Tony which translated into thinking about how great it would feel to be
Steve smiled wearily. “Yeah…it, uh, reminds me of you…”
Steve sighed as he stopped struggling. He looked away from Bucky, knowing he needed to be honest. “Okay, you’re right…” he looked back at Bucky, “I would like to get close to Tony again, but I don’t think he’s willing to start up anything serious again…we haven’t even talked about the break up…”
Steve turned his head slightly to see that Tony was standing behind him, holding two cups of coffee. He handed one to Steve with smile.
“Oh, so how did those sequences turn out, Banner?”
Yet, instead of scolding him again, Steve hummed as he used one hand to hold onto Tony’s leg.
Steve blushed as he accepted a tissue from Tony, wiping himself off before zipping his suit up. He looked up at Tony, seeing that the latter had been watching him while he cleaned himself off.
Thanks for reading!
Tony inhaled as he closed his eyes to think. It was true; he never liked talking about his dad, especially with the people closest to him. He had also talked to a therapist about that in the past, yet, he never came to the realization that it was necessary to be open like that with the person he was seeing.
Peter sighed loudly, trying to keep it to himself, but failing. Ned laughed. “You know, it’s not that bad.”
Tony crossed his arms, expressing curiosity. “Riri, right? How did you get into my lab?”
Tony took his time acknowledging Steve. “Are you going to tell me I was overacting?” He attempted to joke, but he sounded exhausted.
Bruce shook his head as Peter continued to giggle. “Tony, we’ve been trying to have a conversation with you this entire time, but you’re too busy playing with your phone.”
Tony smiled at her, feeling relieved that Shuri possibly didn’t hear about how he acted at his own party.
“You’ll never believe this, but they paired us up and I’m in a lab with Tony.” Steve said as casually as possible as Sam looked up from the drawing. He seemed genuinely curious.
Tony took another chance as he sharply inhaled, reaching across the table to touch Steve.
“I’m allowed to have other plans, Tony.”
“You’re not entirely wrong, but I can teach you a few things—uh, er, on a smart phone.” The statement sounded a lot more suggestive than Tony had originally intended, but it seemed to play well with Steve.
Thanos was sitting at his desk while his daughters were on opposite ends of the office. Obadiah sat in a chair near the desk, trying not to get caught in the vitriol between the two.
Peter turned toward Steve, beaming. “Tony gives me a—” He then glanced quickly at Tony as soon as he forgot how to properly pronounce the word “quota”.
Steve shook his head. He took another deep breath.
“Oh, uh…” Tony quickly followed him out of the café, reaching out a hand to stop him, “Steve, wait. I’m sorry.”
As the last scenario took place, Steve walked to the center of the stage. The crowd continued to clap and cheer, the loudest an audience had ever been for one of these promotional presentations.
“Okay, so Strange emailed me a few instructions for your new recovery plan…” Tony glanced over at Steve who was lying flat on his back, already expressing his annoyance with the situation. Tony ignored him as he reached for his eyeglasses sitting on top of the table next to the bed.
“I guess I’ve been with three people…” He clarified.
The principal shook her head a few times. She had a huge band aid on her forehead from escaping the robot. Steve and Tony were sitting in front of her desk, both looking awkward and nervous about embarrassing their kid in such a matter.
Steve felt weirder about the fact that there’s a photo of him and Tony clumsily talking to each other than anything else, but it would only be one of the many and probably forgotten soon.
Steve nodded as he turned to face Tony who took in a deep breath before continuing. “I should have told you this before…and I’m sorry it’s taken so long, but—”
“Let’s keep at trying to figure this shit out…” He walked up to the console before facing Shuri and Bruce, “in the meantime, let’s continue with the modifications we’re making to the Synergy device so we can finish it sooner rather than later.”
Tony chuckled as he sat back in his chair. “That sounds good to me.”
Fury shook his head. “Nope. He only wants to talk to you, Stark,” he turned to look at Steve who was sitting at the table, “and Rogers. Didn’t say why, but I bet it probably has something to do with the promotional tour.”
Bruce waited a second before going back to describing his lab work to Steve, but Steve could hardly pay attention as he thought about Tony closing off to him.
Tony shook his head. “Uh, no. Wasn’t it last night? Please don’t tell me he blew it.” He joked.
Steve sprinted out of the room, following Loki to the middle of the main area. Loki looked around, trying to get through the crowds of people. Steve managed to catch up with him, yanking on his collar to hold him still.
“Uh…I’ll go get our coffees…”
Steve looked around. He saw a woman, probably near his age, wearing all black. Steve commented to himself how strikingly red her hair was. Next to her was a man who appeared to be a bit older. He fidgeted uncomfortably; he constantly readjusted his eyeglasses and peered around the room as if to make note of the closest means of escape. The red-haired woman next to him noticed before whispering something to him in another language. Steve thought it sounded like Russian.
refer to me as ‘Mr. Stark’—Tony is just fine. Second, originally the plan was for me to be hands off, but, as you’ll get to know me better, I’m never hands off, especially when it comes to anything coming out of my labs.” Tony pointed toward himself before pushing away from the console.
“I’ve only thought about this abstractly, never in practice, but there might be a way to reconstruct the vibranium core to work in tandem with the failsafe. Although not perfect—you’ll have to test it out, of course—it might be a better safeguard against any future disruptions.”
“I…uh…I…” Steve stammered a bit until their waiter came over, unaware that he had, once again, saved them both from another bout of tensed humiliation.
Rhodey chuckled. “Oh yeah? Already sharing phones, eh?”
J.A.R.V.I.S. repeated itself for the second time to an unconscious Tony. As the computer continued on, the damage to Tony’s suit caused the system signals to cross one another, triggering one of Tony’s favorite playlists, starting with Beyoncé’s “I Miss you”. Tony woke up immediately a few seconds into the song, blinking his eyes in confusion as he looked around the charred remnants of the conference room and the surrounding area.
“Peter,” Steve leaned forward some more, “why don’t you pull the car out and try again,” his tone was a calm as possible, “because unfortunately, your dad is right—”
Obadiah rolled his eyes, betraying that he was becoming frustrated with Steve’s insistence. “Mr. Rogers, need I remind you that you were the victim of an explosion in Anthony’s lab?
After an intense exchange of wit between Tony and Peter, Peter ultimately stumped Tony with what he had learned that day without Tony letting him win that time around. They finished eating dinner soon after as the familiarity mounted to new levels of intimacy, and of course Tony donned the mask of shame until bed time.
“Tony, are you all right?” Tony heard Steve whispering.
Tony sighed, taking his time turning to face Steve.
Tony stared at the message before pressing send. He quickly turned his phone over on top his bedside table to avoid waiting for a reply. He resumed looking up at the ceiling, drumming his fingers on his chest as he tried to fall sleep, but the anticipation was killing him. He looked over at the phone before quickly turning it back over to see if Steve had responded.
Tony nodded with a smile as Steve wiggled underneath him to sit up a bit. Tony straddled his waist, looking downward somewhat.
Steve breathed deeply, thinking quickly about how to salvage the conversation. “Tony, I care about you...you’re my friend.” He tried as he took a hold of Tony’s hands much like Tony had done before.
“Rogers, who cares? I’ve had so many rumors said about me, ones far worse than this one, and I’m more or less fine.” Steve could tell Tony was trying to assuage his feelings with another smile, but it didn’t work.
“Yeah, he’s great.” Steve managed to answer without sighing heavily. He held onto Sam until they finally arrived back at their apartment.
They entered the building and walked up the stairs to Steve’s apartment, continuing to chat about work. As soon as they entered, Tony couldn’t believe that he was finally alone with Steve in his apartment. He stood awkwardly in the living room, watching Steve fumble around in the kitchen for some plates. He thought maybe he should sit down but waited until Steve joined him with their slices of cake.
Steve nodded as he reached out for Tony. “Yes, Tony.” He repeated for effect.
“Hey, Rogers. Missed you last night.” Tony grinned as he walked up to Steve to give him a quick hug and kiss.
“I can tell you don’t want to be at this press thing, Tony…but I think the presentation went well…”
Tony shook his head. “The device, it reproduced something from that equation set, but I’m not entirely sure what I’m looking at…”
“Rogers, I know you’re fast, but I left the meeting before you.” Tony tried for as casually as possible, hoping Steve wasn’t weird about that fact that he had been ignoring him all day.
Steve placed on a hand on Tony’s side. “Sure.”
Steve nodded as Tony reached him to kiss him on the cheek. “I’ll see you later, okay?” Tony said as he sprinted out of the bedroom. "Thanks for the quickie!" He then shouted from the hallway.
“Yep. Same time tomorrow. Also, if you happen to arrive early, feel free to observe some of my other projects.” Tony grinned. He had noticed that Steve was watching him when he arrived that morning but didn’t want to make a big deal out of it, especially since he figured Steve hadn’t appreciated how reckless he was being. It was his lab and he could do what he wanted, but Tony also didn’t want to cause friction with his lab partner.
Steve began lifting his index finger to shush Tony, but he knew it was useless. Sam knew Tony was there and was probably grinning the hardest he’s ever grinned thinking that his friend had finally slept with someone he was beginning to crush on.
“Tony. I know how you feel, but you need to keep the board happy.”
Before he could get to his apartment, Steve stopped abruptly, turning around suddenly before jogging back to the car. He knocked on the window a couple times before mimicking a revolving motion with his hand, the universal sign for rolling down a window before cars were completely automatic. Tony laughed as he pressed a button to roll down the passenger window.
