MRS HELLER
MUSIC (CONT’D)
(recovered)
I will say it’s interesting that they fear her more than you. I think I’ll have to applaud her before we slaughter her next time we meet.
Cas sniffs, already getting teary-eyed. “Okay.”
It’s at this time that we cut off the characters with some plot. They really got away from me.
SAM (O.S.)
Hell no! I was fucking joking Sam you think I wanna have a chat about my feelings for Cas?
“You’re gonna bring him back. Now!” Dean yelled desperately. He thought, absently, that if Chuck really did bring Ca- him back, he’d collapse into that angel’s arms and never end up saving the world.
The love of your life? I mean, you and Lisa were-
DEAN (CONT’D)
QUEEN VALERIA
What the hell is this, boy.
Fine. I needed you to get that nephilim, to get those Winchesters up and in action, and to the Empty, to get Castiel. Now-
Are we there yet?
Well, with a shot.
VALERIA
Sam keeps giving Dean pitying looks as they walk up to the house. Dean glances back at Sam, noticing.
CASTIEL
I know you don’t, but c’mon, Dean. You could’ve told me. Even if dad wasn’t... you could’ve told me.
LUCIFER
Dean rubbed his hand over his face. This is not a happy memory.
Please, let me sleep. I’m doing as you asked. I honored our deal.
INT. MOTEL ROOM - BEAVER CITY - NIGHT
QUEEN VALERIA
What are you gonna do?
Dean goes to grab the black chair, the one Cas used to sit in and creepily watch him in. He hesitates before throwing it across the room with a shout. It crashes into a pile of bottles and shatters them. Dean grabs a lamp and throws it onto the ground. Dean steps towards his bed, and his foot snags on a piece of glass.
Meg shivers, still walking side by side with Dean.
Hey Jude, don’t be afraid.
(dry)
PASTOR JOHN
. Just when Dean’s about to lean in to steal a kiss-
DEAN (CONT’D)
Dean’s voice breaks, remembering sitting there- against the cold stone wall- alone- “I-I mean- full scale
I’ll make it up to you, little guy. I will. For your father-
(to Jack)
(softly, sadly)
SAM (CONT’D)
Cas rolls his eyes and fights a smile. Oh, the Dean Winchester he fell in love with.
I love him. I love all of them.
(grim)
CASTIEL
WHITE TEXT: “November, 1995”
(beat)
MRS BROWN
Heller. I’m not gonna be around long enough for some tardies to matter.
We’ll get him back, Dean, we always do. You’ll tell him.
This thing. I keep feeling it being pulled... somewhere. It’s nagging at me. What is it?
Yeah. Not your unicorn, bitch.
Dean rubs a hand over his face. He can’t say it.
(grimaces)
We’re going for a ride
You’re right.
Yeah, that pretty much covers it. Sam nods, sighing, and with that-
You what?
“Can it, dad, Cas is older than you, so you can’t use the age card. Anyway,” Dean claps his hands together mock joyfully. “Get out of my house!”
“That’s alright, love. It’s alright,” Cas tells him with such conviction and-
GLENN
Glenn’s eyes widen, and he exits out of frame. John walks toward Dean menacingly, holding a hand up, clearly about to strike.
“Angels are… bad?” John confirms, hesitantly.
"What do you think? Did we make it worthy of you?" Claire smiled victoriously. She knew they did.
“What are you thinking about?“ Castiel asked, with imperceptible smile and eyes full of affection.
"Dude. Dude!" Dean exclaimed excitingly, grining and jumping to hug Sam, too.
"Oh God, I can't wait for our bed," Dean exhaled. He put his forearm in front of his mouth, stifling a yawn.
"Then I hope you'll be a part of my story, too," Dean looked up at Cas.
"R-right," Dean stammered, clearing his throat, and reached into his pocket for the phone.
"I'm sorry," Cas chuckled, too. "I just want you to understand how much you mean to me. You often don't realize your worth and it's quite frankly driving me
"I can't thank you both enough. Really, I'm indebted to you."
"Sometimes I'm afraid I only made you up," Dean admitted, leaning into Cas' touch and closing his eyes.
"The only thing that will make him uncomfortable is the fact that he won't be able to tear off that dress of you right there and then," she smiled, grabbed his arm and led him straight to her living room. Claire was already standing near the couch, Cas' wedding dress in her hands.
"Ohh, right!" he opened his mouth in amazement. "I got it now! Couldn't you say this sooner?"
"You're telling me that with what you saw in your
be in danger, some
They were only a few breaths away now. They looked in each other's eyes for the last time as a sign of a consent and then they both closed them, merging their lips into one. At the start, it was just a light kiss on the lips. It was something new and unexplored, something strange. But then it came to them so naturally that they felt like their whole lives, they've been destined to do this.
"Sure, I am the drama queen... Just shut up and come to the car," Sam gave him a sweep. „You can come too, Cas," he called out additionally.
"Then what are you waiting for? Tell me."
"Okay, so what is it with that W?" Dean asked.
After the ceremony, Cas changed from his wedding dress into a dark blue suit with a tie matching his eyes. Dean's jaw dropped for the second time that day. Especially when Cas took off the suit, rolled up the sleeves on his shirt and loosened his tie. Dean thought he maybe drooled a little.
And Dean resolutely said he's the groom, not the bride. It started as a joke, but then it became a serious conversation.
“I think even if you did know something, your head’s so far up your ass we wouldn’t be able to tell if you’re actually full of shit or full of yourself. Same thing, really, but I digress. Still, orders are orders.” Jimmy gave a noncommittal shrug and set about packing up Dean’s shit.
“You think what?” Dean prompted.
to prove him wrong. He got up - barely - and ran at Cas, shoving him in the direction of the stream. By the time Cas realized where they were going, it was too late. Dean gave him one final push and Cas went toppling backwards into the water. “Hey! Fuckin’ rude,” Cas yelled, spitting water at Dean.
As he leaned back on the hand he braced behind him, his fingers brushed over letters carved into the library’s table and Dean Winchester nearly cried.
i know that technically this chapter is a day late, but it's only a couple hours for me on the west coast so i'm going to pretend that it's on time. also, speaking of lateness, i may end up going on a temporary hiatus--or at least i'll have to post less frequently--so i can work on my fic for the deancas reverse bang. so i mean, at least you'll have that to look forward to!!
Still doesn’t I guess.” He traced his fingers over the letters skillfully carved into the old wood. Cas was good with a blade in more ways than one, Dean had to give him credit for that. He had to give him credit for a lot of things, actually. Cas was due so much more credit than he was ever given and
“Guy’s not allowed to fucking piss now, is that it?” Dean snapped, sticking his leg out to try and trip Jimmy in a last- ditch effort to be petty. “Because I swear to fucking God if you don’t let me go right fucking now, I
And he did. He swore off bar fights and big robberies after his last time in Hell, too scared to let out the part of him that he kept in a cage for the safety of him and everyone around him. Because if he didn’t, well... There was a reason he climbed up the Hellspawn ranks so quickly. So after he left the demons, and tried his best to leave that legacy behind, he put that part of him back in its suffocating cage. It screamed and howled but he told himself it was for the better. Then he met Cas and all his self control snapped, and the cage along with it. Dean wanted to protect Cas, to make sure nothing bad ever happened to him again, and that was that. Dean wanted to keep Cas safe, and Zachariah hurt Cas, therefore Dean would hurt Zachariah until Zachariah could never hurt Cas again.
“What, you don’t think so, Jimmy?” Dean huffed, trying to subtly free his wrists from the binding.
The next few days passed slow as shit, to say the least. As far as Dean could tell, they were heading for New Mexico, but Jimmy had seemed to deliberately avoid any town they happened to pass if only so Dean
Castiel did the same.
Yeah, Cas is fine,” he said pointedly. Benny didn’t seem convinced.
but he knew he deserved it. Cas made that much crystal clear. Dean didn't deserve Cas because Cas was
Are you fucking serious? You act like you’re better than me because your servitude is in the past, but the Hellspawn are still out there and they’re still doing everything you accuse the Angels of doing and worse, so much-”
Dean lived his life in
to survive. So tell me again why I shouldn’t have done that! I had every fucking right and you
“We need to find somewhere to stop soon,” Castiel said calmly, and Dean was grateful he even said something at all.
Dean hated the part of him that he let out that night. He hated the monster inside him. But sometimes his control would slip and the monster would take over his mind and tell him that’s who he was. That he was a killer. That he enjoyed bathing in the blood of others. It whispered those sweet little horrors until Dean didn’t know how much of it was actually him. When he rode with the Hellspawn, the monster took over. He let it, because it was the only way for him to survive. But after years of pretending he was that
_______________
“It sounds great. Goodnight, Dean,” Jack whispered, giving Dean a quick, tight hug before running down the hall in his dinosaur pajamas that Dean lent him.
but he had a feeling Jimmy knew exactly where he was and would definitely notice if he made a break for it. Shit.
“Hey, Jack, can I talk to you?” Dean asked after dinner and a few rounds of beer--yeah, he let Jack have a bottle or two, so what? Kid’s the closest thing to God now, so, why not right?--as everyone retired to their respective rooms for the night.
Dean debated shooting back one of his famous witty retorts, but decided against it. Best to let Jimmy distract himself with packing so Dean could escape unnoticed. Eventually, he got the ropes off, but right as he slipped them off his wrists, Jimmy
“So what you’re saying is we should probably be running,” Dean almost laughed in relief.
If Cas died, it would be his fault.
“Castiel, huh?” Dean asked, trying out the name, seeing how the syllables fit on his tongue. “Why’re you telling me that? Why’d you even bother with a fake name anyways?”
“Yeah. Meet me back here, though, alright? I should be back in town in a week and if I’m not… y’know. But I’ll see you again, okay? Just not- not right now. I don’t wanna… well, you know what I mean.”
Old habits die hard, they say, but he killed things for a living.
A gunshot rang off, deafening in the limited space, and the pain registered a moment later. A sharp, white-hot sensation in his abdomen. The next events were a blur through the haze of agony. Azazel running over and freeing Alistair. Trying to reach over and stop him. Azazel hefting an unconscious Alistair over his shoulder and taking off down the hallway.
“You don’t understand, Dean. They’re my family. They’re all I have in this world.”
Cas was good, and he didn’t belong with the creatures of the darkness like the one Dean had become. That much was obvious if his reaction to what happened with Zachariah was anything to go by.
“S’a nickname. I’ll stop, if you want-” Shit.
Dean woke with his face buried in a more-than-seven-centuries old tome to the sound of laughter. “What? Huh? I’m up,” he slurred, wiping drool off his mouth--gross, did he get that on the book?--and glanced around the room. Sam sat in his usual spot next to him, laughing his annoying ass off, likely at Dean’s expense. Then, standing across from them was…
“Oh. I know the feeling.” He truly did.
go off alone with the Hellspawn in town, he knew that being with him put a larger target on a person than being alone. So he let Cas go. He and Benny spent the rest of the day cleaning up their rugged appearances, doing laundry, asking around discreetly for information, and stocking up on supplies. Dean avoided the saloon, though. Benny clearly noticed his hesitancy to go, but didn’t say anything. Not until early in the evening, once they’d done just about as much bullshit as Dean could come up with. They’d just finished purchasing new riding gloves for Dean and had returned to the hotel when Benny finally called him out on his bullshit.
“Why did you follow us, Zachariah?” Cas sounded so, so tired.
Sliding his leg further across Castiel’s waist, he whispered back, “What do you think I’m doing?”
.” Cas led them down a different flight of stairs than the one they climbed when they first arrived.
Jack left, to go be the
Glancing over his shoulder occasion, Dean sprinted through the underbrush, never once seeing Jimmy anywhere behind him, which he took as a good sign. Looked like the guy didn’t even
About halfway there, a thought occurred to him. “So you’re really coming?”
to say I wouldn’t. None. How the hell could you possibly believe I wouldn’t? I lo-” Dean froze. The world seemed to stop alongside him. No. No, he couldn’t… He
special.”
With the occasional embarrassing story from Sam, they’ve got enough dirt on him to make Cas run for the hills. Except he doesn’t, of course, because it’s Cas and Cas loves him just as much as he loves Cas, and after everything he’s been through, he deserves to have something like that. (See? I told you we were working on it!)
He did. Jimmy worked open Dean’s pants and Dean pulled him in by the collar for a kiss which Jimmy broke as he dropped to his knees. The sight was nearly divine, as divine as anything could be to a faithless man. Jimmy gave his cock a couple of light strokes, subsequently driving Dean insane. All he could do was write against the filthy wall of the alley and tell Jimmy to get on with it, to which Jimmy just smirked. As soon as he wrapped his lips around the head of Dean’s cock, he was lost to the world.
” Dean hissed, realizing he’d come too close to telling the whole truth - why the fuck did he care what Castiel thought? - and trying to backtrack, “It means they disbanded. I left and there might be a couple still out there but the rest of them are… They disbanded.”
At his side, Cas stool incredibly still as he spoke with another Angel - Uriel, he believed he’d heard him called - spine ramrod straight, shoulders back, voice cool and empty. He looked every part of what Dean believed Angels to be. Uriel gestured to a staircase at the far end of the room, and Castiel gripped Dean’s arm tight, dragging him through the crowd that had gathered, likely due to the news of his arrival. Castiel’s face remained impassive as he pulled Dean along and up the stairs, and Dean came to a horrifying revelation. That was it. The end of the line. He’d be alone for the rest of his short, miserable life and Castiel would return to the Angels. His footsteps echoed in the otherwise silent hallway, and as Castiel knocked on a door thrice, Dean realized,
He stumbled after them, falling to his knees in the middle of the room. In the middle of a puddle of blood and bodies. They were warm. If he didn’t know what it was or how it got there, it would have felt nice, the warmth. He knelt there, in the middle of what was once a throne room, taking in all the carnage he’d wrought upon a collapsed empire, led to the brink of extinction by his hand alone. He knelt in the middle of a kingdom brought to its knees and thought they had a lot in common, he and the kingdom. They would both meet an end of his doing. Once Azazel and Alistair were dead.
They attracted the attention of a few people as they rode in, probably because of the bloodstains still visible on their clothes. Dean knew from experience that it wouldn’t get them kicked out of anywhere, just a couple odd looks, but even so they’d have to be wary. Dean climbed off Baby, tying her to a nearby post and Cas did the same with his horse (Phyllis, he thought he’d heard Cas call her). Shoving the doors open, Dean paraded into the saloon, drawing all eyes in the room to him. They looked away eventually, but that was his plan. He wanted each person in there to get a good look at him and remember that he meant business when he talked to them.
It’s different. You don’t owe them jack. And that’s what’s great about leaving, I guess. You get to be your own family. Trust me, Cas, what they’ve got going isn’t something you want to be tangled up in.”
know and it’s what got them into the argument in the first place. If he were to tell Benny, he’d be doing the right thing. Dean told himself as much, and it still felt wrong to say, “Well, buddy, I guess you owe me another round.”
He snuck back into his own room early in the morning, just before the sun started to rise, and dozed off for a few more hours in his own bed. The sheets were cold from having gone unused during the night, and they were stained with substances Dean didn’t even want to guess at. The bed was comfy, though. It was enough.
“Cas, I do trust you,” Dean tried to reassure him, reaching his hand out to cup Cas’ cheek just as he did the night before. All he wanted was for Cas to know that it wasn’t his fault, not then, not ever. Cas flinched away. “I’d trust you with the whole world, if I had it. I swear, Cas, I would. But I was selfish and I didn’t want to lose you, so I did what I thought I had to. I didn’t want to lose you, Cas.”
He kept his eyes closed and his breathing steady in order to be able to feign sleep if his plan failed. He hoped it wouldn’t. Dean rolled onto his back, letting his arm fall a
He didn’t.
I didn’t know all that at the time. Zachariah just told me they were sinners, and needed to be put down. When I saw what they did to them, I thought, somehow, they knew. I only told Gabriel about- about
“You really believed that I was sent to find you without so much as a full name and description? I know you believe the Angels to be self righteous dicks, but we do run a tight operation.”
“You keep calling me Cas.”
“You keep going on about how you couldn’t leave the Hellspawn, yet you wouldn’t even be here if you didn’t. So what the hell is up with that?” Cas demanded.
“I’m looking for a case, jackass.”
would you put your life on the line like that, Dean Winchester?”
If one listened closely, the sobs of a Righteous Man could almost be felt as they swept over the world in sorrowful waves as it slept peacefully, blissfully unaware of the horrors a single man could face in a neverending lifetime.
“So run before they can catch us?”
“You know, I ain’t much of the praying type, but if,
Cas was gone and it was his fault because he
he reminded himself.
he’d become when riding with the demons.
The room was silent for a moment, filled only by the sound of their breathing.
“Go to Hell, asshole.”
“I’m fine, Dean.” His words were clipped and distant.
just… But after a moment’s thought, he realized it was true. He did feel that way about Cas. That terrified him more than anything. “It doesn’t matter either way,” he said coolly. “I’m still going to hunt down the remaining Hellspawn. If you want to come, then fine. If you don’t get the hell out. I can’t afford the dead weight.”
“Where’s Baby?,” he demanded.
“You’ve got interesting ways of showing love, Deano,” Alistair crooned, dropping his knife and letting the clatter echo through the chamber. “You left the poor Angel alone to die. I’d hardly call that
“Heard they were here ‘bout a week ago, jus’ passin’ through. Headed north after stayin’ a night or two. Hotel clerk said they were lookin’ for revenge on some guy.” Benny said eventually.
“Dammit, Cas,” Dean whispered. “Dumb son of a bitch.” Sam shot him a look, but didn’t say anything. Dean knew his brother was allowing him to keep going if he wanted. Or to just leave it at that. Better now than never, right?
“No, she really doesn’t, brotha.” Benny shoots Cassie a wink that immediately tells Dean that a) he’s lost this argument already and b) Benny is
The best he could think of was, “Cas is already doing that.”
Angels?” Jimmy nodded in affirmation. “Damn, I figured you were better than that, Jimbo. You? Bosom buddies with the most self righteous dicks in the whole country? Shit, man. Thought you were better’n that,” he repeated.
he half- screamed, not even caring because the burn felt
Dean thought.
“Why are you looking for a case? We got one right here, or did you somehow forget?”
As they approached, Dean remembered that as much as he wanted to, he couldn’t just ride off and look for information. He and Cas were, in theory, a team, after all.
“So,” Dean began, knowing he was pushing his luck but not caring, “that mean you’re leaving?”
Dean considered Benny’s offer for a moment, then sighed. What the hell, right? He decided to ‘fess up. It was rough, he had to admit, reliving everything that had happened, including the whole part with the Hellspawn, but he made it through. Leaving out some of the more… personal parts, of course.
He still had some semblance of pride, though, so he waited to stop until Cas offered to take a break. In hindsight, maybe waiting to stretch was a mistake, he thought as he nearly crumpled to the ground, trying to dismount Baby. “Little help here, Cas?” he called, knowing full well it wouldn’t do him any good.
“What?”
“Hey, Jack. What, uh, what’re you doing here? I thought you were gonna go be the ocean and the rain and sunrise or whatever hippie shit,” Dean asked.
Castiel split him open, and when he finally,
“Or nothing, damnit!” he yelled, standing so suddenly he knocked his chair across the library. “We’ll save him, we will, because he’d do the same for either one of us. We owe him this much, Sam. Hell, we owe him so fucking much that this is the
“Hi, Dean,” Jack grinned and waved at him.
Dean slid down the wall and found himself kneeling in front of Jimmy, whose dick looked painfully hard in his pants. Dean undid Jimmy’s pants and jacked him off, tact sloppy with post- orgasmic haze. Jimmy came not long after, seemingly less disoriented than Dean had been and Dean began to feel a little guilty. That is, until Jimmy fastened his pants, pulled him in for a brief but heated kiss, and walked off without so much as a second glance. Dean could do nothing but watch him go, still kneeling on the cold ground, pants completely open.
while Sam sat there with the look on his face that he usually got when he wanted to write something down but he didn’t have a proper place to do so. “Well, now that you’re both back, can anyone else go for a burger? I’m starving.”
“Or something. He, uh, found something out that I’d decided he should have already known, and he was pissed about it. I think he’s also kinda scared of me, but that ain’t nothing new.”
responsible for the suffering of many, the deaths of hundreds. Among those were his mother. Cas. Everything he thought he knew about himself. And that, he believed, was perhaps the worst part. He already wanted to make him
“Of course.” Dean couldn’t help but smile at how willing the kid seemed to help, but stopped the second he realised
Withdrawing the knife from where it was lodged in Alistair’s throat, Dean shoved his former mentor’s corpse aside and crawled over to Cas, his hand clutching his abdomen. It hurt, it hurt like a son of a bitch, but nothing could compare to the pain of losing Cas. Not now that it hit him in full force. He wished he didn’t know how to measure that pain. Not from experience.
anything, of getting so close to any one thing and yet failing despite everything made him want to cry. So he did. He cried for the meaning of the word. He cried for the
Castiel boxed him in with his knees and elbows, tantalizingly close but not quite there all at once. “Because you’re a dick,” Castiel murmured against his neck, pressing a kiss to the spot where his breath ghosted over Dean’s skin. “And rude,” another kiss, “And annoying,” another, “And you’re such a fucking
Barely dodging a hook aimed for the nose, Dean delivered a swift kick to Alistair’s stomach, sending him stumbling backwards. Alistair almost fell on his ass, but he didn’t, so Dean took advantage of his disoriented state to pepper his face and stomach with vigorous blows. His knuckles dripped with both of their blood and his vision blacked out occasionally.
This was, of course, met with Bitchface #47:
“Is there any chance you could, uh, bring Cas back? You did it last time, right?”
“I-I uh, heard they headed north, but that’s all I know, I swear,” he croaked. “P-please don’t kill me.”
further across the bed than strictly necessary, and found the tips of his fingers resting against Castiel’s back and
people are actually trying to work here.”
Eventually, though, the tension slowly eased. Dean found himself bored out of his mind and struck up conversation with Benny, who seemed grateful for something to do. Cas kept his trap shut for the most part, chiming in only when Benny was ballsy enough to ask him a question directly, but by the end of the second day, much of the animosity Cas held for Benny seemed to fade.
He kept on the lookout, though, as he followed the road north, and sure enough, another two jumped him after a couple hours. He killed the first one as he dismounted, the demon thinking his exposed back was a genuine weakness, not a trap. The second one tried to sweep him off his feet as he was occupied with shoving the other’s corpse out of the way, but all it did was leave Dean a chance to knock him flat on his back, Dean’s boot knife pressed to his throat.
“-horse --” Dean was cut off by Cas shoving his head underwater and holding it for a couple seconds. He shoved Cas off, spitting water and pouting, “Shit, man, what if I’d drowned?”
didn’t…”
The use of his full name broke something in him. He didn’t think it could ever be fixed. “They fucking killed my mother, that’s why! They’re the reason I even ended up in this mess. They killed her and my dad got obsessed with hunting the the people responsible down, then Sammy left us, left
Not like Sam cared either way. He said as much before leaving for the West. He and Dean had been talking about it for a while, and Dean knew it was best for Sammy to let him go off, get an education, go be someone. He knew it was best to get Sam as far away from their dad as possible. So outwardly, he agreed. He even offered to help pay for the kid’s schooling, should he decide he still wanted to go down that path. But there was always the selfish part of him that didn’t want Sam to go. He didn’t want to be left alone, and certainly not with his dad. But Sammy needed this, he
Dean looked up at Castiel, and Castiel smiled softly back at him. They sat like that, in the comfortable stillness, for a few minutes.
As night fell on the fourth day of their fruitless journey, they ended up at the cabin they shacked up in on the way to Angel home base. They both froze atop their horses. Staring at the ramshackle building, Dean almost wanted to cry. Almost. Everything was so different then than it was the first time. They left the cabin only about a week ago, but Dean knew that for all the cabin looked the same, he and Cas were wildly different at heart. Just as night drained all the light from the sky, the revelation drained the life out of Dean. The weight of it all fell upon his shoulders all at once, and Dean was so, so fucking tired.
Alistair considered it. He looked at Dean, then at what used to be Cas, then back to Dean’s grief stricken face. Alistair laughed. “You love him.” It wasn’t quite a question. “He loved you too, you know. Died loving you, thinking you didn’t love him back. How tragic. Very
As it was, tears welled in the corners of his eyes and threatened to spill over. They’d lost everyone.
,” Sam calls as he walks through the door, a shit-eating grin on his face and grocery bags hanging from either hand. As much as Dean may hate his little brother - Sam’s getting the ass whooping of his life for this one, the little shit - he really does like the song.
, then dad got himself killed and I was all alone at nineteen with nothing to my name but three cents and this fucking necklace that used to be my mom’s good luck charm. I had to steal in order to eat. I had to fucking
“Maybe. If you were trying to get me to agree just so I let you go, I’ll never forgive you.” And that was that.
“There’s no-”
“So, you give up on me? Figured you’d be too much of a coward to do anything,” Dean sneered. He didn’t mean it, of course, but Castiel seeming to choose the Angels after everything that had happened pissed him off. Castiel deserved better than all of that.
we can do.” Sam looked at him in what could easily have been mistaken for pity and shut his laptop, rising from his seat. Dean stood there, watching as Sam left him alone with his useless lore and the bottle of Jack that had become his new best friend.
Dean repeated the process, going from table to table, with no more luck than he’d had with the first table. Cas didn’t seem to fare any better, if the slight slump of his shoulders that Dean had come to recognize so easily meant anything. They sat and Dean drank until a burly, bearded man took the seat on his left. With a thick Louisiana accent, he asked, “I heard you boys were lookin’ for the Hellspawn.”
Benny froze for a minute, looking back and forth between him and Cas, as if he thought Cas helped. Cas shook his head and jerked his chin at Dean as if to say,
“I said
“I think it’s abandoned,” Castiel called. Upon closer inspection, he seemed to be correct.
“I did, sometimes. But I had to stay, y’know? Promised Sammy I’d pay for college and, well, being a Hellspawn earned me money. Didn’t have anywhere else to go, anyway. So I just...” Cas nodded in understanding. After a long pause and a lot of overthinking, Dean asked, “Do you? Y’know, ever want to leave?”
Dean huffed a bitter laugh. “Right. Because you think I’m
“Out,” he demanded. Then, turning on the stranger, he asked, “You with him?” to which the guy huffed a laugh and responded with a simple, “No,” in a low, rough voice that absolutely did not completely scramble Dean’s brain.
Kicking Dean’s feet as he did so, Cas sat on his bedroll a couple feet away. “Asshole,” Dean mumbled, and he could have sworn he saw the corner of Cas’ mouth twitch up into a smile. Or it could have just been the firelight. Neither of them spoke, deliberately watching the fire while secretly watching each other. Dean wanted to ask
- member of the Angels. Still, he gets me a leg up on you. As long as he’s suffering, that is. So I will repeat: No, I will not let him go.”
“Ooh, ouch. That one really hurt my feelings. You really do get creative when you’re mad,” he drawled sarcastically, slicing across Alistair’s abdomen, deep enough that he’d bleed out nice and slow, but not so much that his organs fell out. Shame. Those could have made nice decorations.
Dean was gonna fucking kill him. He’d fucking kill them all. He let them go once but he swore to the fucking God that wasn’t listening that he would save Cas even if it meant he had to take the whole operation down. Even if he had to take himself down with it.
For hours, they dug for
Awesome. Dean had to take the brunt of the inevitable conversation alone. “Well then. Er, whiskey?” Dean nodded, and Benny signaled to the bartender to bring over two more rounds.
“That’s because I don’t have one. I’m not an officer; I’m to bring you to Angel headquarters.”
“I miss him, Sam.” Sam simply nodded. He missed him too. Maybe differently than Dean, but Cas was still like a brother to them--
The Righteous Man smiled wickedly.
“What’s that?” Sam asked.
“Who’s askin’?”
Eventually, he sunk back into his seat, knees too weak to hold him up any longer. From drunkenness or malnutrition or sadness, he couldn’t tell. His best guess? All three. He told himself he wouldn’t go back here, that he wouldn’t become the same pitiful creature he was when Cas died last time but some things never change, do they?
“That!
“How long will that take?”
“Dean-,” Sam began, but thought better of it. What could he say in response to that? Dean wanted to resent Sam for having nothing to say, but perhaps there
“-Now you’re just making shit up-”
favor since he got her to agree to help him do this.
“Short for Castiel, alright?”
But truly the worst part was how Alistair killed
“You were wrong, Dean,” Castiel eventually said, running his fingers down Dean’s arm.
He never thought about staying with anyone longer than a quick fuck and a shitty excuse after that.
He walked up to the bar, Benny trailing just behind him, on his guard, eyes never leaving the spooked patrons. Because that’s what they were, Dean realized. Something had happened to scare them out of their fucking minds. A shiver ran down his spine.
“I don’t know. I thought maybe you’d have an idea since
They either died or left because of Dean, because he couldn’t stop it, because he as good as
“I’d hardly call this a house of God, Zachariah, considering how many people are slaughtered by its members in a day.”
a bad idea.
“Guess not,” he answered dryly.
Since time is all wonky in Heaven, Dean’s been able to discover music that hadn’t been invented when he died. Naturally, he got really into what’s apparently called “Classic Rock”. Cas doesn’t entirely agree, but he loves hearing Dean sing. Dean has a beautiful voice. He’s not the only one who thinks so. Everyone who comes to karaoke nights agrees. Another perk of Heaven: they can have karaoke nights because, um, Cas doesn’t really understand where the music comes from but it does come from somewhere - maybe? - and that’s enough.
“Awesome! But if I’m going to stay, there’s something I have to do first.”
“Yeah, something like that,” Dean smiles back. “Hey, Cas! Babe, come over here, there’s someone I want you to meet.”
“Sure,” Jack replied hesitantly, as if scared of what this talk might possibly be about.
what he told you. Now I understand why you haven’t had the sense to ditch that monster. Not a lie, though, I suppose. I mean, it’s very hard to run an organization when all your members were slaughtered by none other than Dean Winchester himself.” A white hot rage blinded him, and Dean’s only thought as he shoved the blade into Zachariah’s throat was,
,” Zachariah cut in, “because you could be useful. We need more raw talent like you. Like I said, what you did to the demons was impressive, and Michael thought it would be a good idea to convert you, now that you left them.”
“Benny, I’m so fucking sorry. Shit, I-” He didn’t even know what to say.
Cas stared at him as if he’d just found the thing he’d been missing for years. The gaze left Dean warm inside, a feeling he absolutely did
like that!” Dean yelled, backing away and debating grabbing his crap and leaving before shit got any fucking worse.
She takes the tray from him and shoves him toward the now- empty stage. “Go. Have fun, kiddo,” she grins.
Turned out, between the three of them, they had just enough money for each to have a hotel room of their own, plus extra for food for the next few days. Cas checked them in, handing out room keys as he returned. As it so happened, Cas was right in the middle, with Dean at the far wall and Benny closest to the stairwell connecting the two stories. The choice must have been deliberate, Dean figured. It was smart on Cas’ part, he had to admit. It protected him from the Hellspawn and the Hellspawn from him. If they heard he was in town and decided to get revenge, they’d probably make a beeline for his room, ignoring Cas and Benny which would allow them to trap the demons at the end of the hall. Likewise, if Dean decided to go off alone, both Cas and Benny would be in a position to stop him fairly easily. Dean knew it was smart, but he was still a little annoyed that Cas even had to think of it in the first place. That he even
_______________
“Because I rode with them for years, Dean. They had to send me to find you because unfortunately for them, I’m the best at it. They know they won’t be able to go after you, at least not safely. They don’t care enough to come after me. Zachariah just thinks that I’m a stain upon the Angels’ honor for running off with a former Hellspawn. So, he followed us to ‘exact justice’ or whatever he believes fit,” Cas sneered, coming up to stand a few yards behind Dean.
“I think we lost sight of our true mission long ago. We set out to help people, not kill them for our beliefs. I think upper management forgot that a long time ago.”
“Don’t be a smartass. Just give me
“Right.”
Finally, Dean grabbed him by the lapels and pulled him in. He had no idea what possessed him to do so, in that moment, but Jimmy kissed him back just as hard and suddenly the
and Sam didn’t take so well to John’s claim that he was giving up. Dean, of course, was caught in the middle, which ended with him having to side with his father just to save his own hide. Even so, it still didn’t prevent him from receiving the beating of a lifetime. Sam didn’t know all that, since he left before it could happen. He still left Dean with a few parting words that Dean immediately internalized, of course. He was a fucking coward, and he betrayed his little brother, and Sam didn’t give a single fuck as to whether he lived or died. It was crystal clear that Sam wanted nothing to do with him, and Dean knew he deserved it.
Sneaking through the underbrush, Dean pulled the knife back out of his boot, its hilt still flecked with blood that wouldn’t quite wipe off. He savored the familiar weight of it in his palm from the old days as he set about his task.
himself stung tight, ready to spring into action. But this was just Benny. Benny wouldn’t hurt him. Dean knew that, and yet he couldn’t seem to relax. He felt like he could tear the whole world apart with his bare hands and he wanted to scream at Benny to run, to get away, to keep his distance so he wouldn’t get hurt, but he couldn’t move.
“Of course it fucking matters!” Dean ignored him, laying down with his back turned to Cas. “Fine, then. Be a fucking child.” There was the rustling of cloth on cloth and Dean assumed Cas also laid down beside him. They remained still for minutes, hell, hours, neither able to sleep with the weight of their words hanging in the air.
The urge to get up and leave, to hide in his room and drink until consciousness no longer bothered him tried to take control, but he pushed it down. He’d shut too many people out, closed the door before it could even open more than a crack more times than he could count. For the longest time, he believed it to be the safest option for him, for everyone around him. God, he was so wrong. As usual.
They turned down another hallway and, sure enough, it, too was barren. Castiel visibly relaxed, his grip on Dean’s arm loosening and his shoulders slumping ever so slightly. He quickened their pace, leaning over to whisper, “One of my greatest fears walking into this building is that they would make me stay and you would be taken from me without so much as a chance to say goodbye, let alone explain myself.”
As if on cue, Castiel opened the door, abruptly cutting off their conversation. “I’ve been sent to collect Dean Winchester. Michael wants to see him immediately,” he demanded, voice colder than it had been speaking to the other Angels. Dean’s stomach twisted at the thought of finally having to meet the Big Boss. Half of him believed he wouldn’t live to see anything else afterwards.
“No,” Castiel replied and Dean’s spirit was crushed until he added, “but it looks like a path to a house.” A house meant, at the very least, people who may be willing to let them stay a night, or even feed them for a small sum of money. Both of them urged their horses faster, curious and hopeful as to what they’d find. Turning down the road, they rode for a couple minutes before stumbling upon a… cabin.
“Already been,” he replied. His face remained entirely blank, but his tone was that of someone who truly
“Drop it.”
Glancing down at his wrists, Dean asked, “Why do you trust me?” He hoped Castiel understood he meant more than just about the rope.
“Yes. On my signal.” Dean nodded and they hurried down the corridor, Dean drawing his pistol that he kept hidden in his boot. They reached the door, Dean shoved it open, Cas yelled, “Now!” And they were off.
He rapped on the wood a couple times, easily getting the bartender’s attention. “You seen a guy ‘round here? Uh, about yay high, blue eyes, dark hair, probably ordered a few rounds of your hardest liquor?” He prayed the bartender would say yes. He had a feeling he wouldn’t. Dean was afraid that whatever happened there had something to do with Cas.
At some point, he got up. He got up and he fetched Baby and he found a place to camp about a ten minute ride from town. Dean set up a fire, tied Baby to a tree nearby, and, making sure his clothes wouldn’t catch fire in his sleep, finally passed out.
“-dirty dick shaped driftwood-”
“Yeah.” Dean tried to catch his breath. “Something like that.”
Benny considered it for a moment, sipping absently at his drink before simply saying, “Then I’m in, cher.” And that was that.
Come out and play like real men,” the monster lurking at the door taunted. “Unless you’re scared. You kill all these people but one man leaves you pissing your pants? Pathetic.” He chuckled, the sound reverberating like an echo of a broken melody a damned soul screamed as it was dragged to Hell. Fitting. “But then again, I guess you all learned better than to fuck with little old me.”
“It’s true. Michael did want to see you, and he wanted to see you right then. I just so happened to leave out the part where
he replied, pressing a quick kiss to Cas’ cheek and slipping out of his arms to face Zachariah once again. He heard Cas back away to give him space. He began to lay into Zachariah, and shit, did he miss it. It felt the same then as it did to leave the Hellspawn dead on the floor. It felt the same as every time he got into a fight with some guy at a bar for getting handsy with a girl who told him to back off, for stealing from someone with nothing to steal in the first place, for just generally being a dick. He’d forgotten how it felt to really lay into someone, and someone who deserved it, at that. Dean was one to talk, of course, but Zachariah had done some bad things in his life. Bad things to someone Dean had grown to
Well, look where that got him.
Everyone wants to know if the stories are true. So, are they? Did you really massacre the entirety of the Hellspawn?”
didn’t matter anymore. Just the
Cas waited at the bar for Dean to arrive. In actuality, it was only minutes that passed, but it felt like years. Maybe it was the other way around. Cas hadn’t been there for long, but he could already tell that time doesn’t work the same here. He was right.
per se, but the wood paneling was in fairly good shape and there wasn’t any blood on the walls. Granted, Dean’s only standard for a home base was Hell, so his judgement was fairly skewed.
“At this point, I don’t understand why I even let you into my saloon on karaoke nights anymore if you pull this shit every time. Go find a better crowd to rile up.”
he felt the need to prove himself, even after everything.
A flash of a sharp blade in soft candlelight, the quiet
The Hellspawn posted sentries along their route. Dean learned this when a guy ended up dead on the side of the road after he attacked him. His companion soon joined him. A shame, Dean thought, given that he could have made him spill the beans on the Hellspawn’s location.
the beginning of time, but all that’s just details.”
Cas snapped.
Dinner was fucking beans. Again. Days and days of just fucking beans. That shit gets old fast. Dean said as much, too.
Its inhabitants didn’t know all of the pieces to the gruesome puzzle, but they knew enough. They knew the chamber was their last line of defense against the monster on the prowl. The monster they helped create, the one who surpassed them all and became his own beast. The monster currently out for their heads. For
As Castiel freed first one hand, then the other, Dean rubbed at his wrists where the rope left marks and muttered, “Yes, sir.” Castiel glared up at him, then went back to slicing bread so fast it almost gave Dean whiplash. So he rolled his eyes and opened the beans with Castiel’s knife that he stole from the counter, trying to process whatever the hell just happened. They worked in comfortable silence, the sounds of a knife on stale bread filling the air.
is exactly why I didn’t tell you. Because I knew you’d react like this and I didn’t want that, okay? I didn’t want you to get that same look most people do when they talk about the guy who is
“Oh yeah? What’s that supposed to mean?” Cas looked him up and down as if he knew
of a body hitting the ground, and one man was already dead. “Oh, don’t be shy with
“Yeah, ‘m fine. I’ll live, anyway,” Dean replied. “Who are you?”
As he neared the corner of the building and made to turn down the alley, a figure stepped in his path and a knife pressed to his throat. “You really thought you could leave without paying up? Shit, maybe you are as stupid as you look.”
“Shut the fuck up and
“Well, good morning to you, too Cas.”
“Cas saved me,” Dean blurted, his voice loud in the empty silence of the bunker.
is wrong with spilling the blood owed to me? Explain that to me. I know for fucking certain you can’t.”
“I’m sorry, Dean, but I can’t. The Empty may be where I go when I die, but I have no jurisdiction over it. I was only able to bring Cas back last time because I woke him up. He did the rest.” Dean opened his mouth to ask a question but Jack seemed to know what he was going to say. “I tried already, Dean. I can’t reach him, now that I have this power. I command Creation, and because I do, I am bound to it. I have even less power over the Empty than I did before, and that isn’t saying much. I’m sorry, Dean, I really am.”
Dean was near out of his mind when Castiel gripped his waist tight and flipped them over, helping Dean back into place. “Ride ‘em, cowboy,” he whispered, emphasizing it with a roll of his hips, and Dean’s mind truly went blank.
They carried on like that for a few minutes, Dean’s lips parting to make way for Jimmy’s tongue. The night was silent, save for their ragged panting as they broke apart to catch their breath. Jimmy stared at him with something akin to awe in his expression, and Dean had a feeling it was reflected on his own face. He tipped his head back to rest against the bricks, and Jimmy took it as an opportunity to kiss down his neck, muttering, “I’m gonna suck you off.” He didn’t though, and Dean realized he was waiting for the all clear. He moaned, hoping Jimmy would get the message.
Cas sighed, shifting around a bit to lean back on his hands. The firelight danced across his jaw. “I don’t know. I think so. I just… I don’t miss it. Doing what we - Angels - do.”
manage to take down one of the most powerful and ruthless gangs in the West? How does one man trump an entire
“Chuck was--and now Jack
Watching a sunrise? But there he was. And there Dean was, coming up beside him to enjoy the view as well.
“Not much he didn’t already do to himself. Aside from the uh, knife wounds, he was mostly already like this. We snatched lover boy here from the saloon a few towns over. Poor, helpless thing was drunk as shit. Figured out why as soon as I read his diary: he was upset because you ‘bwoke his wittle heart’, so he ran off. Azazel said we should fetch you too, but I said ‘Eh, I know him,’” Alistair chuckled maliciously. “‘He’ll come.’ Although, after reading this,” Alistair waved around a small leather book that Dean soon realized was Cas’ journal, “I wasn’t so sure. The way he describes how you treat him? But, the poor fucker’s still whipped and here you are anyways. Says a lot, dontcha think?” Alistair drawled.
that she’s just fine and you need to calm the fuck down,” Jimmy snapped. Dean didn’t even dare to answer, instead turning around and confirming that Baby was, in fact, following along. Jimmy had apparently tied her to his horse. Jimmy had
They arrived at Angel Headquarters the next morning, a few hours before noon if Dean guessed right. Occasionally, Cas shot him a small, sad smile. The air between them hung heavy with fear of what lay ahead, in that pristine townhouse set in the middle of an open plain. As they were greeted by two Angels at the stables, Dean realized what, exactly he was so terrified of. It wasn’t death or capture; he’d faced his fair share of both and come out on time every time. He knew he could wiggle his way out of even the tightest spaces. No, what he feared wasn’t death, it was being alone again. The short week and a half he’d spent on the road with Cas reminded him what it was like to have someone to ride with again, someone he could talk to and laugh with. If he didn’t make it out of that building, he might never see Cas again.
He could handle one little problem. Just the one, if only for now. So, he stayed with Sam on the library table where the last of his family remained etched into old wood. He stayed because maybe it was time for a new beginning. The man who called himself God was dead, after all. If the universe could change, if angels could change, then maybe, just maybe, so could Dean Winchester.
“You’re right,” he rasped, using his little strength to shove Alistair’s knife into his neck. “So it’s a good thing I ain’t a hero.”
“No, I don’t want your money. I’m here on orders to bring you in,” Jimmy told him.
Dean kicked Alistair’s knee, bending it backwards and crunching bone. Alistair crumpled to the floor. Looking down at the figure hunched over itself on the floor, Dean could hardly see a person. All he could see was a
Dean ended up going back outside and leaning against the porch railing, as he and Cas had that morning all those days ago. He remembered feeling safe in a way he hadn’t since his mother was still alive. The house he lived in used to have a porch with a nice view, like the broken one he stood on. He thought so, anyway. He thought he remembered sitting on a railing, his fathers kind hands holding him steady while a woman warned them to be careful, or else they wouldn’t be allowed to have any of the supper that would be done soon. He thought he remembered his father’s kind laugh as he told her not to worry. That everything would be just fine.
what he meant. “I’m not going to drink, asshole, I’m going because drunk folks hand out the best free information.”
They sat down and Castiel clasped his hands as if to pray, then shook his head minutely as if he thought better of it. Instead, they dug into their dinner. As he ate, Dean told himself again and again that it wasn’t Cassie. It wasn’t home. He’d known Castiel for only a week. They met in a shitty saloon and Castiel blew him in the alley out back. Castiel captured him with orders to bring him to the Angels, who probably wanted him dead because he used to be a Hellspawn. Castiel probably wanted him dead. Castiel
“Shit, Cas!” he hissed eloquently, arching his back and clasping his hands together above his head to keep from moving them. “Holy fuck.”
Dean sighed and went about business as usual, debating taking off one he was done. Jimmy had Baby and it wasn’t like he could get very far without the use of his arms. Besides, he didn’t know where the nearest town was and he didn’t have any food or weapons. Or water. No, if he ran off, he’d either get caught and receive one of the biggest shiners of his life, or he’d die out in the middle of nowhere with no one to get word out to Sam.
Benny huffed and crossed his arms. “Yeah, and he’s been doin’ it all day. Maybe he’s actually got something by now. We should check in. Except something tells me this has nothing to do with Cas being there already.”
“No, you’re not,” Dean insisted, reaching out to cup Cas’ face and pulling away when he saw the gory mess his hand had become. “It’s me, isn’t it?”
to say something. “Yeah, yes, please, Cas.”
“Just- just let me say this. Please.” Dean nodded. Castiel smiled.  “I’m not a… hammer, as you would say. I have questions, I have doubts. I don’t know what is right and what is wrong anymore, but… I don’t think what the Angels do is right. Or righteous. Or holy. Or any of the things we claim it to be. I think-”
Dean reminded himself that the only reason he was mad at Cas was because Cas was mad at him, and he was simply returning the animosity so he didn’t get hurt. But he did get hurt, didn’t he?
and fuck did he miss this. It had been months, if not years, and, fuck. Dean really fucking missed it.
“But I’m just-”
“Well, beans are all we have so either you shut up and eat or you fucking starve,” Jimmy halfheartedly snapped. It seemed like he was getting sick of beans, too.
“Semantics. Either way, you’re a
“Yeah, you’ve got all the Angels on your back now, Deano,” he smirked.
“How do you know my name?”
“Or, I suppose I could always let you go. Run home to daddy.”
Too busy making sure Cas was still breathing to pay enough attention to Alistair, Dean didn’t notice the hand shoving his dagger off Alistair’s throat. Nor did he notice the knife slice open Cas’ until it was too late. No.
“What the fuck does that mean?”
“No, I understand. I feel the same way.”
“I wouldn’t know. You seem to love hearing yourself talk, yet you haven’t said anything useful,” Dean snapped, impatient. If he were being completely honest, he just wanted to get everything over with, no matter where it got him. Patience was hardly one of his virtues. At least, when it comes to absolute dicks.
“Depends. There’s a reward on their heads and I’m going after it. You gon’ help me?” he asked.
really likes hearing Dean sing this song. Also because Sam and Cas are total nerds and cause so fucking much chaos whenever Dean lets them out of sight for more than five minutes. If you take a quick peek at the stage, you’ll see that Dean is already terrified of what might have happened as a result of a fifteen minute supply run). Once the music gets going and he makes it through the first verse, Dean finds himself letting go and getting lost in the rhythm of some good old fashioned rock’n’roll. Benny and Cassie laugh about
than the minimum necessary to survive. He cut away the real old him, until there was nothing left. Oh, how he’d savor the death of the man responsible for that.
CASTIEL
It’s a bitch convincing people to like you
The handprint scar on his shoulder, back and glowing soft red before dimming back to it’s normal color. He touches it and winches a little, but continues to feel up his shoulder. He looks at the heavens, like anyone’s home up there.
"Got you coffee," Dean said, handing Cas a mug. "Sleepy little angel," he muttered.
(desperate)
(shouts)
Hey, you’re that guy that gave me a pencil. Thanks, but I’m not exactly the academic type.
GLENN
Haunted?
Dean can’t bring himself to say it. Then, simultaneously:
EXT. MOTEL ROOM - BEAVER CITY - NIGHT
For now.
DJINN ONE
And I have to believe him, his dying words, he said he loved-
Wanna try that again? Answer to your king!
Dean sighs. He was clearly supposed to respond, but he doesn’t.
Not again, please. Please don’t give me hope like this. I’ll sleep. I’ll be quiet.
Please help me to help your, help yourself
Not God, not the Darkness, no one has power here but me.
She’s gonna be okay, Dean.
You’re right. It’s weird, and three Djinn with all those victims are not going to be easy for us to handle.
INT. THE IMPALA - MOVING - MISSOURI HIGHWAY - AFTERNOON
We hear Dean laughing heartily, then-
(sighs)
(sniffling)
DEAN (CONT’D)
I didn’t want to push it, the kid’s been through a lot!
(sincere)
Castiel looks down. There’s a pause where Dean leans in to catch Cas’ eyes.
It might be nice to get back into the swing of things.
LUCIFER (CONT’D)
“Hello, Jack. I’m going to look at your soul now.” Michael strided forward to Jack, who still sat in their chair, a little startled as Michael reached his hand into his ribcage. Dean didn’t really care to look. If you’d seen a soul examined once by an angel, you’ve seen it a thousand times.
(bitch please)
Dean- I- um.
VALERIA
(voice cracking)
There’s a reason you were pulled to here, specifically. The Empty is weak around this spot. I’ll be able to tear open a rift. It won’t last long, given the Empty’s current state of affairs. I-
Um... the train conductor says... “Don’t do this?”
(beat)
BLACKOUT.
Dean just sobs while the camera spinning slows. He falls onto his back, then covers his face with his hands, curling into himself. He shifts uncomfortably, and holds his stomach, it’s aching.
Oh. We can’t stay for a little tea party? Well, if you’re kidnapping me Marvin’s coming with.
AMARA
Why does dad have to send you on a hunt on your birthday Dean! We were gonna go to the arcade, it was gonna be so much fun! Won’t the ghosts be there tomorrow?
Cas shifts- Dean glances over, concerned he might be nervous or… But then he sees the expression on Cas’ face. Full smiting power at the ready, staring directly at John. Hell, Dean’s surprised his eyes aren’t glowing right now. John notices and immediately straightens, sizing Cas up.
Lucifer?! And that’s Jack?
I don’t.
Glenn and Dean nod at each other in acknowledgement before Dean walks over to the Impala.
No, no - I think, and none.
(pouting)
Dean glances behind them, hearing the goo, and picks up the pace, trying to haul Cas along as fast as possible.
(delirious laughter)
“Dad!” Sam protests, looking about ready to go off.
to deal with Sam’s absence. He wasn’t there, and then he is. Everything in between was… well, wibbly-wobbly.
Girls can be in love?
FULL ON Dean, now. The Handprint starts glowing. Dean gives it a glance, then surveys his surroundings. He starts walking through the Empty, holding on to his Angel Blade in one hand and shoulder in the other.
(heart-aching hope)
(smiles, bittersweet)
MR BROWN
Guess this is what I get, huh. You sure know how to woo a guy, Cas.
Oh, right, of course. You went off and did something stupid without telling us, like always.
Who-who was the lady, Jack? Do you know her name? Is Lucifer back again?
Late on your first day, Winchester. Can’t say that’s a good start.
Agents Dirnt and Cool, we’re here to investigate the case of your missing daughter, Jenny. We just have a few questions for you.
CASTIEL
Thirteen years old in the suburbs of Denver
EXTREME WIDE ON Dean, standing small and alone in the Empty. SLOW ZOOM IN. Dean’s gaze flicks around, panicked. He hears the screams and whispers and mumbles muffled by the Empty. End CLOSE ON Dean, with no clue what to do. Hopeless, terrified, but determined.
SAM (O.S.)
(scoffs)
I understand.
Dean, carrying Jack, carrying Marvelous Marvin the Talking Teddy, Sam, and Eileen walk down the Bunker’s entrance stairs with their hunting bags. When they reach the bottom, Sam and Eileen put their duffles on the Map Table. Dean puts Jack down, who goes running for Miracle.
(hesitant)
Sam glances at Dean. The Djinn’s right, but he can’t give in to them.
THE EMPTY
. That’s right- god was raised by two fancy gays!” Dean throws his arms out, staring down John and losing any inhibitions about saying exactly what he means. “And god made this heaven for you.” Dean begins to stare down at John, still sitting, threateningly. “He can take it away at any time.”
Jack raises his hand and starts jumping up and down, waiting to be acknowledged. The three djinn slowly turn their heads to look at him. I mean, the audacity of this kid. Jerry’s a little amused, but the other two are just annoyed.
(cooled down)
...shut up.
You’re... You hid it for this long?
Then he's gone, and Dean can't say a word. He hears Castiel say his speech over and over again, each word, every meaning that could be behind them, sobbing on the ground. Usually, he'd get up. He'd know, Sammy needs me. I need to save him, I need to save Jack, and I need to save the world. All of that just stopped mattering when Castiel said everything, died, and left Dean, having never given him a chance to speak. He doesn't get up, not for hours. Not until he hears himself think,
You know very well that I “swing that way,” Dean, and you have no business being so unkind to a man that saves lives daily, much like yourself.
Oh you’re in your own world, let’s see the whole world
“No, no, no, NO!” the Empty cried. “I wanted him to suffer! I want him asleep! But you woke him up, and now I want you both out!”
Jack starts shoving the food down his gullet, clearly taking after Dean in his eating habits. Sam, Eileen, and Dean sit down on the beds of the motel to talk about the case. ANGLE ON Jack, watching Sam, Eileen, and Dean’s mouths move silently and Jack continues carelessly eating. He pauses to pat Marvelous Marvin the Talking Teddy. Montage of shots, Dean, Sam, and Eileen researching and preparing. There’s a pile up of beer bottles, definitely from Dean.
Sam helps Jenny out of her binds, and rubs her shoulder to console her.
INT. ABANDONED WAREHOUSE - BEAVER CITY - NIGHT
But we can go there to be sure it’s nothing, right?
Turns out the church they dropped her off? Supposedly haunted by these two gay nuns. You think they killed her?
Miracle barks in response, and Dean grins at them and pats them some more before turning his attention to the TV. A beat passes when Jack looks at Dean, concerned. He opens his mouth, decides against it, then decides in favor of it.
Dean.
to break down another human being with your manipulative, abusive, and horribly stupid words. However, I have a deep love for your son, and he has found it in himself to forgive you.” John struggles but is immediately slammed back down.
MEG (CONT’D)
"You- you-" Sam pointed from Cas to Dean and back again. "You two? Together?"
“Uh, hi, Michael. Right?”
And you’re not leaving here without me, I don’t want to be without
SUBTITLES: “Good morning, beautiful.”
Dean walks over and ruffles Jack’s hair. He sits down next to him and sighs deeply, rubbing his hand over his hair. Anxiety.
MUSIC (V.O.)
CASTIEL
He forgot to account for the fact that Cas’ voice will make him spill secrets too. Ah, fuck. Looking back up at Cas, he sighs. “I’m nervous about tomorrow.” Cas tilts his head, waiting for Dean to elaborate. Mumbling, he says “the dinner, or whatever.” Thankfully, Cas seems to get it.
WIDE SHOT now on the entire bar atmosphere, tables thrown and glasses shattered, plates and food everywhere. There are a few bodies slumped on tables, some of them stabbed to the wall to pose. There are some glowing signs that let us know we’re in an LA bar. There’s blood spattered on that too.
CASTIEL
“Wait, I said
WHITE TEXT: “December, 1995”
Oh, honey, I don’t get jealous of repressed, depressed, and pitiful lumberjacks with crushes on Angels. Tell me Dean, after all this time, have you even made a move? One little, itty bitty, peck on the cheeks kiss?
ROBERT
FLASHBACK
“Father,” Michael spat out with disdain. It could’ve been funny how similar he and Dean sounded when talking about their dads, you know, if not for everything going to shit.
Sam shrugs and nods.
Dean knocks back the entire glass of whiskey when the bartender fills it up.
FLASH CUT to Dean on the other side of the bed, no idea how he got there. He drops his whiskey glass on the bed and hastily picks up it, leaving a damp puddle on the blanket.
Castiel was never very cultured in the unsaid. He doesn't hear, "I love you," he doesn't hear, "I want you, I need you." He hears the words and thinks, at least you don't hate me, at least I'm useful, at least I can do this for you.
I’ve been... busy.
Dean.
What? You... you always defended him, said he was doing the best he could. I mean, we lost a mother, but he lost the love of his life! We can’t understand how-
I’m sure he appreciates the offer, but this is a strictly professional relationship, sir. Do you know how much trouble he can get in for a-
"Is that a hickey?" Sam surveyed his brother and yep, those were hickeys. A lot of them.
He will be.
(singing)
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - DEAN CAVE - MORNING
CASTIEL
Nah. That’s what always gets them, right? SAYONARA!
I don’t want to, Dean, I’m so sor-
CASTIEL
"Where are you going?" Don't leave me.
Castiel does not. He squints.
Shit.
LUCIFER
“So, food’s ready. You guys can go ahead, sit down.” Dean leads them to the dining table like a good host and nods at the seats for encouragement. Him and Cas head to the kitchen briefly to grab everyone’s plates, then deliver them in front of the family. John sits at the head of the table with Mary next to him, and Eileen next to her. Sam ends up on the other head, with Dean next to him and
(almost, failing to be, deadpan)
GLENN
CASTIEL
EILEEN is standing next to the map table with a duffle bag, grinning and posing with her arms out in a “ta-da!” Sam signs Eileen’s name sign to her as he speaks.
This is her room?
“Oh my god, Cas!” Dean shakes his head, embarrassed. “You-
CASTIEL is sitting on the side of the bed, quietly staring into the wall. Surprisingly, he’s not wearing his trenchcoat, but Dean’s AC/DC shirt and sweats. Dean stirs and slowly shambles up, blinking, confused.
Yeah, you do that.
NO. No, I-I don’t. There’s nothing to know. And if there was, I would not know it. Because there’s nothing to know, of course.
INT. ABANDONED CHURCH - RIVERTON - DAY
Dean comes out of the bathroom, rubbing his shoulder covered by the sleeve. Then comes Jack and Sam, briskly walking somewhere. As they nearly pass him, he looks at them confused.
“I know, Dean. You said the right things, but it wasn’t enough for your father, and that- I know that hurts. Dean, I know.”
MUSIC (V.O.)
After a fierce hug, Sam goes for the neck with “Did you hear from Cas?”
But you might crawl out with a knife
Dean. Calm down. It’s going to be okay.
(come on, Dean)
GLENN
“I’ve seen Castiel around recently, you know. He’s been asking about you.
CASTIEL
GLENN
Dean turns around suddenly, and walks toward Amara.
Meg. I’m looking for-
He’s still wearing the Bloody Handprint Jacket.
DJINN ONE
(softly)
Valeria caresses Cas’ face softly with her hand. Castiel jolts back but is still tied down, helpless to her.
I hated the school.
QUEEN VALERIA
TFW’s smiles, Castiel sleeping, Amara satisfied. But there’s a small black liquid dripping from a hole in reality, where the portal used to be. It’s small enough that we wouldn’t notice, but the camera focuses on it.
Quickly, we see cuts of Sam freeing the rest of the victims, who scurry off as fast as they can.
Let me guess, a shady real estate developer?
At least you’ll have a chance! It’s Chuck’s ending, our ending, I always die! You live on, Sam, can’t you see you’re meant to?
MUSIC (V.O.)
CASTIEL
Glenn, huh. Well, nice to meet you Glenn.
Dean plops down unceremoniously opposite Glenn, still giving that cocky smile.
Dean looks back at Amara and nods. Then, with a camera angle shift, she’s gone. Dean breathes, readying for whatever’s next. He whistles to catch Sam’s attention and tosses him the keys.
Cas slumps, relieved. “Yes, I believe that’s a partially accurate term. I’m sorry, you may change your mind about- me, but-”
Castiel sends him a sour smile - mostly - accidentally.
Dean half-heartedly gestures, shrugging. Like that explained it. Sam contemplates for a moment, then thinks he’s got it.
CASTIEL
DR ACKLES
Dean goes with his knee-jerk reaction and just has to ask.
THE EMPTY
Cas pulled Dean closer, staring him in the eyes. “Yes, well, we can have it now.”
A child?
So it’s definitely him right?
Eileen and Sam end their kiss, but remain close to each other. Eileen tilts her head to the side, resting a finger on her chin. She’s thinking.
CASTIEL
WHITE TEXT: “January 24th, 1996”
“What do I need to do to get him back.”
Yes. You had your brother-
VALERIA
When we all count our blessings
What? No I don’t.
Uh, right. A couple more disappearances in the vicinity of the Church, so I looked into it.
"So what about the one night stand, Sammy?" Dean chuckled while Sam was still trying to figure out what the fuck was going on.
Dean and Sam are sitting on a couch opposite from Glenn, who’s a little misty eyed.
Sam takes a break to snicker into his hand. When he thinks he’s composed, we continue.
Anything! This blows.
Standing in line for Thanksgiving Dinner at the Catholic Church.
Remember to let him into your heart,
Dean takes out the flask from his jacket and gulps down with his eyes still open, watching the road. Very responsible.
Dean-
(chuckles)
GLENN
Woah woah there, Jack. Be careful.
Castiel closes his eyes.
Cas, I-I... I gotta say- I l-
(bitch, please)
Sam looks at the Djinn, then back to Dean, troubled. Eileen’s struggling to follow the conversation.
Dean’s anger was simmering, but what overtook it was defeat. “Yes,” he admitted, not even caring to correct that it was a could’ve-been-boyfriend, because how much more humiliating is that. Jack kept writing in a black substance. Dean didn’t pay enough attention to know what.
Dean looks back to the handprint, and starts to tear up.
“Mary, you’re in on it too!” He chuckles. “Oh, boy, now that was a hooter. Most adrenaline I’ve seen since I’ve been dead! And that includes my soul banging its way out of hell.”
I’ve never heard you use that phrase in my entire life.
Yeah.
“I almost stabbed him,” she says so matter-of-fact-ly that Dean has to laugh.
(scoffs)
CASTIEL
Dean-
DEAN (CONT’D)
Miracle barks hearing his name.
Cas slowly brought up a hand ready to pinch his arm. That’s what they did in films. If this was really Dean, he’d appreciate the effort. So they pinched their arm… and it hurt. Not the usual numbed Angel hurt, it felt something close to human.
Dean hops and holds his foot, carefully taking the glass out of it before throwing it off onto the floor. He then flops down on the bed face-first, groaning.
I really don’t know why I asked. I only really care about one of you.
What’s a dress-
“You think you can just kick me out like that, Dean? I’m your
Hey buddy, we’re here.
He loves their unconventional family.
(scoffs, beat, then confusion)
Not good enough to get a good dream, asshole?
“Mmph!”
Shut up!
Everyone’s already seated in class, taking notes while the teacher - MRS HELLER - watches patiently from the front whiteboard. Then Dean enters, sauntering in unprepared, cocky, and with a give-em-hell attitude.
It burns when I think about Cas, okay? It’s tugging me somewhere, sometimes, but it’s nothing, guys-
because his dad’s afraid of his fiance. Dean chuckles to himself.
Dean looks at Jack fondly. Then CLOSE ON Dean’s jacket, The Jacket, with the bloody handprint. Sam eyes it suspiciously.
Sam rubs his hand across his eyes harshly, clearly feeling the second-hand embarrassment pulsing through his veins. Then a moment passes. And another.
CASTIEL
END MUSIC CUE.
That’s me, that’s me
(seriously?)
No, man, he was just like “oh, tea party’s done, guess I’m being kidnapped now,” like Jesus, what a kid.
Cassandra’s eyes start welling up. Castiel looks at her sympathetically.
The devil won’t let me be
Of course not. Cece’s probably up in her room. Take the stairs, first door in the right hallway.
The door slamming sends the room into a silence not unlike the final scream of the dead. But then suddenly, Mary starts quietly sobbing and holding her head in her hands. Dean takes that opportunity to race up the stairs and into his room, where he can fill a quiet place with his cries, too.
Is it- is it stable now?
Eh, eating lunch with six girls is less of a wacky wet dream and more of broadcasting “I’m incredibly gay” to everyone around me.
So- so now what? You go retire, and we-
BLACKOUT.
Shiiit, is that gay? Can Angels be gay? You were a real Angel Casss-tiel.
CASTIEL
LUCIFER (CONT’D)
Dean shrugs and the fake casualty brings a little ache in his chest. He’s sure Cas sees right through it, anyway, which is more embarrassing than comforting, really. “He said the typical parent stuff like,
It wasn’t the girl.
Sam walks closer and sits next to Jack on the table, patting his back.
Well, it sure was a lot. You ought to call him, y’know. Tell him how you feel, make it right. There’s time now.
CASTIEL
Sam regains his wits and looks around, then down at the floor.
Yeah, yeah, you’re fine. You could’ve broken something, though.
Did- did he just fucking swear?
EILEEN
(tearing up)
(teary-eyed)
I’ll pack up.
Dean sipped coffee then set the mug down abnormally slowly. He blinked several times. "A girl?" Dean then looked down to the state of his bruises, "Ohh, yeah. Mhm and it was good," Dean waggled his eyebrows up and down.
CASTIEL
And the streets are gray
“I didn’t… try to.” Amara looked stunned. “The first time we were here, we had been separate and together at once. This is where that cage lied…”
Sorry, I know. I forgive you. What you said about monsters, when we were 17...
(continuing uninterrupted)
Don’t. Don’t say you love me, don’t say you hate me. Please, just stop.
(embarrassed)
DEAN (CONT’D)
(pause, c’mon Jack it’s obvious)
Jack pulls out of the hug to wipe his nose on his sleeve. “I-I’m sorry. I just- you’ve never said that to me before.”
. Dean stares back, blown away by the intensity of it but absolutely captured. Then it comes time for their vows.
CUT BACK to Lucifer, grinning with his eyes glowing and holding how his hand for his superpower shoot stuff. Y’know.
I can’t believe it.
Dean doesn’t even notice. When a beat passes, she clears her throat, and Dean then looks over.
MUSIC (V.O.)
“Nothing a little talking about your feelings can’t get through.” Ellen smirks.
“I don’t like sex!” he practically shouts.
Cas, knock knock.
Well, now I am.
AMARA
It’s great that you’re showing you care, really, but you gotta take care of yourself too! You’re breaking down every day, wearing the same damn bloody jacket you won’t even tell me about!
“No, that couldn’t… Dean,” Sam said Dean’s name all caring and worried and shit. Like it helped. Like losing someone like Cas could be fixed with a little worry and comfort.
A rusty old, broken down car pulls into the motel parking lot with JERRY driving. His Djinn tattoos flicker momentarily before disappearing.
For the one with access to a motor vehicle, you’re both later than me and more... winded.
Pastor John just snarls and lunges at him, and Robert scrambles out of the way just in time. He falls against the alley wall and shuffles to get up. He immediately starts booking it.
Cas, buddy. Chill. I can practically feel you panicking. We can talk-
(singing)
Who are you? Wanna join my party? I don’t have tea but me and Marvin are pretending.
Dean walks Robert back to the front door, then Robert looks at Dean hesitantly. With a “go ahead” nod from him, Robert knocks on the door.
Jack sits on the side of the bed patiently, with Miracle already sprawled out and ready to sleep on the edge of it. Jack is staring pretty blankly into Marvelous Marvin the Talking Teddy’s eyes as he holds him.
Whoo, boy, if looks could kill.
If we are free from Chuck, and that’s a big if, don’t you think our hero mojo is gonna tank again? It’ll be dangerous.
Castiel locks eyes helplessly for Dean, asking for any kind of way out of this. There isn’t one. Dean shakes his head, asking silently for Cas not to go along with her.
Daddy, Dad, Auntie!
I’ll stop when you’re fixed, Robert! Now, what do you feel for your so-called husband?
Panning over through the darkness, with the distant angel or demon figure every now and again, LUCIFER comes into view. He’s twiddling his thumbs, rocking back and forth on his heels, and throwing his head back out of boredom.
GLENN
Dean’s half up, and gives a little “well what the fuck” look and chuckle at Cas before sobering up a little, shocked.
Now, a NEWS ANCHOR with a crooked shot of a TV, looking horrified, barely hidden by professionality.
(guilt, sorrow)
I-I mean, if you want to stick around, that is, no pressure, I-I-I wouldn’t, you know, make you stay that’s-
What can you tell us about this particular scene?
INT. THE IMPALA - NEBRASKA ROAD - BEAVER CITY - EVENING
My heart feels dead inside
Yeah?
I’m serious, come on. I’m glad you’re taking care of Jack, I am, but he’s the one who saved our asses today. And y-you’re like hot and cold, man.
Next time, look forward to a little more depth on Dean, daddy issues, and sexuality.
“No no no, fuck you Cas, I’m going first,” he interjects, against their plans. “I’m gonna cry if you say your shit first and that’s not gonna happen.”
Cas is pulled fully to the ground by an invisible force. He screams out in pain again.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - WAR ROOM
She cackles, then grabs Sam’s hand to hold. A brief CLOSE UP on that, then it blurs to the foreground as we see Dean reach the Impala. PAN OVER to Dean opening the Impala’s backseat and laying Cas down there. Amara steps closer to Dean to chat. (Sam, Eileen, and Jack are having an indistinguishable conversation in the background.)
CASTIEL
C’mon, sweetheart. Let’s go.
(affectionate chuckle)
AMARA
Jack jolts, he was absolutely enamored with the screen. He jumps to a cross-legged position and stares up at Dean with stars in his eyes.
, that you were not about to say any kind of derogatory slur against homosexuals. If it were up to me, you’d be permanently muted to the world so you’d never have the
Sam signs the “I missed you,” in ASL, facing Eileen. Shestarts grinning at him, and takes one of his hands off the wheel to hold in between them. Sam smiles, shyly, and looks away.
Sam looks back, questioning and gentle.
Auntie Eileen!
Honor squints at Eileen.
Don’t think that’s gonna be a problem.
Exactly, why did you come here? What was pulling you, what are you looking for?
Dean throws back the rest of his whiskey and motions for another while Rudy is only about halfway through hers.
DJINN ONE (CONT’D)
“In Sam’s defense, Dean,” Cas says, and oh boy he’s gonna get ganged up on real quick, “it is uncharacteristic for you to-”
(grim smile)
Castiel closes his eyes and contemplates, holding silently, lip trembling. Opening his eyes, he says -
(exasperated)
Dean grabs the teddy from Jack’s bed and sets it in front of him. He puppets the teddy around.
Sam opens the door slowly, and enters with a patient smile.
Dean sets up the tv. It’s up to the set dressers to make this historically accurate, quite frankly, the point is that the movie’s on. While Dean’s doing that, Glenn goes to the mini kitchen, and comes out (haha) with popcorn.
CASTIEL
Lemmings. She-
AMARA
INT. THE EMPTY
Means that whatever your little rag-tag team of heroes did, it annoyed the hell out of the Empty. It’s loud, as you can tell.
“Dean,” Cas said, their tone walking the line between thankful and regretful. “You don’t have to change your behavior because of what I said before I died.”
Jack starts shifting, making disgruntled noises and waking up. Marvelous Marvin the Talking Teddy falls off the bed as he sits up. Sam and Dean are snapped out of their little man-off stare-off, and Dean walks over to him to fuss. He pushes something out of Jack’s hair and picks up Marvelous Marvin the Talking Teddy to give back to Jack.
John scoots his chair minutely away from Cas, probably subconsciously, which is
(emotional)
Cas couldn't help but smirk a little. "Why don't we find out?" Dean sucked in a breath, and what they “found out” was their business.
“Oh no. Now he’s delusional about where he is. Dean, you are already dead. In heaven.” He’s not even breaking a little bit!
Cas squeezes tighter for a moment then pulls back with his arms still wrapped around Dean’s shoulders. He leans in to peck Dean on the lips, the silliest first kiss ever, because they’re both grinning like idiots and can’t stop looking at each other.
Pastor John tightens his grip on Robert’s neck and Robert lets out another long SCREAM.
Uh, guys?
Dean takes another deep breath. This fucking sucks. Sam is patient.
Jack tilts his head in an oh so Cas was it makes Dean’s anxiety ridden heart melt. “You’re not alive.”
So I made up my mind, it must come to an end
Dean clutches his shoulder and the handprint’s glow subsides. He lets out a long sigh, then pauses briefly before responding.
dude. I kinda wanna know what happened in your, y’know,
I’m so sorry, Dean.
(a beat, then)
Memory time, again, with the same filter showing dulled colors. It’s a dark time. Sam’s sitting in a chair, zoning out on the carved names on the table. Miracle’s sitting next to him, whining a little, trying to nudge his limp hand with his nose.
Dean takes a good moment, then sighs, shaking his head. He did not want this memory today. Or ever.
Queen Valeria drops Dean, who gasps in air.
-), Cas leans in for a longer kiss, which is starting to be how he starts semi-emotional conversations, so Dean braces for it. He heaves a deep breath in and sighs.
SAM (CONT’D)
Oh of course, give the bitch that stole my throne a good standing ovation!
Jack settles in for the story, pulling Marvelous Marvin the Talking Teddy close to his chest and looking just bright and excited.
Eileen signs “awake.” Sam shakes his head and looks down, before gazing at Eileen guiltily. He signs back:
Sam and Dean exit the house, walking over to the Impala.
Wow. Daddy’s more than all of that?
Thinking that’s the end of it, Cas starts to walk away. Dean grabs him by his elbow.
Dean stares at Cas some more. God, the eye contact!
EILEEN
I was thinking of it purely from the power perspective. Of course, I don’t think so little of you.
Eileen gives two dorky thumbs up, and Sam leans in for a kiss. Dean would tease them, he really would, but... not right now. He smiles bitterly. He’s happy for them.
Jack tackles Miracle to the ground, and Miracle licks him sloppily on the face while he giggles.
Glenn smiles and leans back into Dean. A series of cuts to show time passes, and don’t tell Dean, but we can see him legitimately cuddling into Glenn.
Shh, shh, it’s okay.
Well, me and my husband,
“Is he dead?” Jack managed to get out, their voice breaking through every word. Dean just nodded slowly, carefully.
John’s not there, which is fine. Dean thinks the day would actually be
Cas is the one to start to pull back, and Dean lets him. “I- your prayer, you don’t have to say anything. I’m content. We can- carry on. As... normal.” Cas smiles awkwardly, though it looks like he’s in pain.
CASTIEL
So why didn’t you tell me years ago? Or quit aggressively saying “I don’t swing that way?”
Cas flings himself at Dean and hugs him so tight if he weren’t in heaven right now, he’s pretty sure he’d suffocate. “Dean- I love you, I love you.” Dean hugs back as good as he gets and squishes his nose in the crook of Cas’ neck.
I don’t know. She said her name was Valeria. But my heart hurts, it's beating so fast and I’m so scared, Dean. It was so dark there. Empty.
THAT-
CASTIEL
LUCIFER (CONT’D)
And fuck me if I say something you don’t want to hear
So why don’t you and Eileen work it then, huh? I can stay back with Jack and-
I don’t know, Dean. It feels pretty risky. She said we’d be on our own in the Empty, and-
Sam, I do not have the patience for your fuckery this morning.
(what?)
CASTIEL
This is the time when Dr Ackles decides to show up. He comes from behind Cas and puts a hand on his shoulder.
You can research better than dealing with emotions, which isn’t saying a lot. Go talk to him. Jack and Cas.
I’ll be more careful next time, dad.
"Good, 'cause I really love to listen to you guys squabble and all, but let's roll already. This beautiful tuxedo can't wait," she took out a black case for suits and dresses from her duffle bag and unzipped it.
Claire walked closer to Cas. "I'm proud of you, okay? I want you to know that," she whispered and pressed the dress on Cas' chest.
"Not as beautiful as you," Dean smirked. "But yeah, it's pretty impressive."
"Look," Sam gave up, „I'm just saying that a few people
"Oh, really? Is that so?" Cas raised his eyebrows, still bantering with Dean.
Even though he was sure he could never be able to do such thing at any cost anymore.
many bright stars in front of us..."
"Son of a bitch! Baby?! No, come on!" Dean cut off Cas in the middle of his sentence. Cas looked at him with a confused look on his face. He didn't understand what got Dean so upset until he noticed they were slowing down. Despite Dean stepping on the pedal, the Impala went slower and slower.
"Well, you've been running around quite a lot lately, so..." Dean shrugged and lowered his eyes, trying to look uninterested. He really wasn't good at that.
"It's beautiful, isn't it?" Cas smiled again, squeezing Dean's hand lightly.
angel. And Dean was
"You better be," Sam laughed, "Your bride's here."
And Dean Winchester is one of the most perfect. For Castiel, he always has been and always will be.
Dean was just gazing into Cas' eyes. Even though the only light they had at disposal was the Moon and the stars, they seemed clear, dark blue like the ocean and rough sea.
"Still wanna tie the knot?" Dean asked.
From a young age, John stuffed to his head only women, booze, obstinate obedience of a soldier and that he alone is not important at all. Only a babysitter of his little brother Sammy. Nobody thought anything extra good about Dean, including himself. So what was the deal?
"I love you, Dean," Cas whispered.
being made -, you had nothing better to do at night than just stare at my sleeping, drooling face?" Dean laughed. "I'm sure you've seen a lot more interesting things."
They were calmly lying together in one bed and they were accepting the warmth of one another. Castiel had his wings spreaded out and even though nobody could see it, he clasped Dean in them and was protecting him like his dearest treasure. He was also protecting Dean from nightmares creeping into his head and disturbing his sleep. He was protecting him from all the evil that could be waiting in the shadows.
"I'm proud of you, too, Claire."
for me, Dee," Cas said fondly.
He wasn't really sure if he actually grabbed it, but when he pulled (that was still a little weird, grasping practically nothing but air), Cas hummed discontentedly and slowly opened his eyes. His blue, dark like an ocean, eyes.
"What, you thought I would be a runaway bride?"
But he cherishes and appreciates most of all what Dean has within. His personality and pure soul will never stop fascinating him and bringing him comfort he was always searching for. He saved this soul from Hell and rebuilt its owner with handprint that marked Dean as his own.
Not anymore. "I love you so much, Cas."
"These bright ones, five, right there in front of us."
"Yeah, you badass," Dean mumbled, but blushing a little bit.
"Not really," he smiled, looking down at their connected hands.
"What's wrong, Dean?"
"...in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, until death do us part. I will love and honor you all the days of my life."
"Okay, now man up. You, too, Jody. No chick flicks, we're wasting our time. Gotta be pretty for my angel," he said slyly.
"Wait till you'll be in it," Charlie put her hand on his shoulder. "That'll be whole 'nother level."
“Huh? Yeah, yeah, sure. That looks too suspicious to be a coincidence,“ Dean nodded and had himself just one more sip.
Because damn, how sexy that looks. On a woman or a man. Anyone.
"Oh come on, guys!" Sam appeared on the stairs, interrupting their moment. „Can't you go even 10 minutes without kissing each other?"
human.
be dying, and
"You're awesome," Dean responded with wide eyes, hugging Jody once again.
"Right," he said, ironically.
No, he loved him
His visage for starters - Dean’s features, now so calm and defenseless but at the same time striking and transparent as an open book. One could read all those war years, lines of pain and loss, but also wrinkles of laughter in the corners of his eyes. They only show properly in those moments when Dean laughs over some joke of his, long before he could actually say it out loud.
Everybody started cheering, applauding and welcoming our newlyweds.
But the dark is more than that. It's not just black nothing that you stare at, for as long until it stares back, with those hungry malicious eyes. It's as pure as the light, just not at the first sight. It's balanced. It's life and it's death. The dark is important for us to appreciate the light.
But not Cas. Castiel was different. Angel in every way, celestial being. Dean knew that he feels towards him more than he should, but he didn’t really sweat it. It wouldn’t bring anyone anything good. Cas is an angel of the Lord. How could he feel something to a human? To a human like Dean Winchester? It didn’t make any sense to him. But after all they went through, he fell in love with Cas. Not that it was his choice, but it happened. He felt ashamed, strangely vulnerable.
But there was really nothing to do. He was still denying it and trying to not give it any attention, otherwise he would have to go crazy.
"I'll keep it in mind. Always describe," Cas smiled, pulling away slightly, just to look Dean in the eyes.
I really tried to give life to their special day and I wanted it to be kind of funny but also a little touching, simply as Dean and Cas as possible. So I hope at least a few of you liked it and that it turned out well. :)
on this planet - you've seen
Dean woke up first, trying to get hold of reality again. He rubbed his eyes, rolling over to Cas. When he looked at his sleeping face, he realized that something light, almost imperceptible, was lying on him. This wasn't the first time and he soon realized those were Cas' wings. He smiled, stretched his arm to the air and grabbed one of the invisible feathers.
"The engine just shut off... Damn it," Dean lightly smacked the steering wheel.
"Finally. You know you got a wedding in a few hours, right?" Sam smiled as Dean walked into the main room of the bunker. Cas was getting ready with Claire and Charlie at Charlie's and Dean was with Sam and Jody. The rest was in the place where the wedding was happening, getting all the things ready for the big event.
"Why do you look so surprised?"
When no answer came after that, Cas smiled a little with amusement, looking at Dean.
There were massive chandeliers on the ceiling, two lanes of wooden chairs in front of him, waiting for guests to sit down, aisle inbetween and an altar at the end. Okay, technically it wasn't an altar, more like a gate from flowers. Dean had no idea what people call it.
„Oh shut up!" Dean shouted, but shortly letting his lips lift into a contagious smile, knowing well that his brother is joking just to hide his tears. Alright, maybe not. Maybe it's Dean who's doing that. But that's not important right now.
Looks like he got the borrowed and blue right. Even though his eyes could easily classify as
"That sounds about right," Dean smiled. "Do you... do you think there'll be someone to tell it?"
Dean cleared his throat, lowering his eyes for a moment. „Yeah, well... I can read your mind too."
Actually, no man was ever worth of Dean’s feelings. No man was ever worth kissing. No man was worth for Dean to admit his true identity. But also no man pulled him out of Hell. That’s how it all started, but nothing fundamental changed for Dean. John lucidly set his boundaries and Dean knew that having some sort of emotional, deep bond with the same gender (barring Sam, of course), let alone angel, would be the last thing that his father would want to see. Although he is dead for quite a while now, deeply rooted mindset of Dean’s is changing only hardly.
Dean looked at Sam, standing closely next to him. He just smiled at him.
"I'm happy for you, Dean," Sam breathed into Dean's shoulder.
go nuts. It totally enraptured him.
"There you go."
And he definitely isn’t intending on stopping, because he refuses to lose Dean. They won battles that couldn’t be won and sometimes they got themselves into so much trouble, but they dealt with all of it and they finally deserve some sort of a peace.
"You may now kiss, as husband and husband," Sam smiled widely, looking at Cas and then at Dean, who was wiping away his tears. He was lucky he wasn't wearing a mascara, I tell you that.
It was magnificent. He drove through so many nights with Sam by his side, hunting the big bad things. But he never stopped and tried to notice the beauty that dark bears with it. He always kind of powered through it and hoped to see the light again soon. Because sometimes, he was just so afraid that the slick fingers of darkness would grab him and never let him go. Truth is, he never needed dark nights to feel that fear. The darkness was also within him, sleeping and waiting. Like in all of us.
They leaned into each other, connecting their lips and finally sealing their marriage. It was a long, deep, passionate kiss. Full of love, affection and salty tears. Then they pulled away, still touching with their foreheads.
"Well... that doesn't sound good."
Or those full lips he kissed so many times, but he still can’t get enough. Every time it feels like a first time and Cas would never believe it could be true.
And that was it. Dean started blushing. This angel knew him so well, he was sure he could
Or the freckles. He loves each freckle on his face. When he's bored, he tries to count them. Not that it is feasible, because the number always changes. Some freckles are sometimes hiding, some are just waiting to shine through. It depends on Dean's tan or even his mood. That much he noticed.
Then, after Sam asked them to, they finally exchanged their rings. These rings are a little bit unusual and special though. Cas' ring is filled with Dean's blood and Dean's ring is filled with Cas' grace. Cas thought it was a little morbid. Dean thought it would be super freaking romantic. So yeah, here they are.
"Cas, there are really,
At first, Cas was kind of surprised. But then he smiled, because there is nothing he would rather do than to watch the stars with Dean. "Yes, I'd like that."
Behind all this were tables with chairs, stage for speeches and, is it really? yeah, projector. Dean also had no idea what for. Then of course a free place for dancing and something Dean would call a smorgasbord. He was really excited for that.
"I never said I can read
They didn't skip the "speak out or forever hold your peace" part of the ceremony, but Dean pulled his gun out (is it even weird he had it with him?) as a warning for anyone who's thinking about trying to screw up his wedding. He had it aimed at Crowley but Crowley was more concerned about the angel blade Cas just drew.
Oh, he has just never been so wrapped up.
"Hey, it's not my fault you once showed up completely naked, covered in bees!" Dean said in his defense. Yeah, Cas was in that time in a different mental state than now and than is normal, but still. He just has to laugh at it.
. And it takes courage to avow and acknowledge something like this. That alone is worth being proud of. Wearing that dress is just a cherry on top. Everybody should be able to wear a dress if they want to.
So now, when he looks at Dean and he doesn’t see only a walking body without life… he is happy too.
"I suppose we'll have to call someone to tow us," Cas noted.
"Your face is stupid!"
Cas' look jumped from Dean's eyes to his lips for the first time. He focused on the soft structure of them, on the fullness and how they unwittingly slightly opened when he realized his own lips did the same. He caught himself leaning closer and closer to Dean, while Dean's body copied his movements. Cas still had that hand on Dean's cheek and Dean's both hands landed there, too. Gravity of their hearts drew them even closer to each other, like two halves of one, longing to unite.
"... Castiel, to be my wedded husband, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better, for worse, for richer, for poorer,..."
"Yeah, don't worry, it wasn't my first rodeo," Dean looked at him with a smile.
of it. He was proof to Cas of what people are capable of – a representative of the good part of the human population that deserves salvation. Dean showed him how much pain they can endure and still get up every morning and do the right thing, even though it tears them apart. How many times they are brought to their knees, but still can fight for their loved ones. They are terribly broken, but in their own way perfect.
After all, Sam is in the other room, alive and with Eileen. They are here, together like a couple, they are waking up every morning with “I love you“ and falling asleep with the same. And what’s more? They are family.
"Fine," Dean took out the key from the ignition, opened the door and got out of the car. Cas followed his example and closed the door on his side, looking up at the sky. It was after midnight and they were in the middle of nowhere, far from the city lights. One could finally see the beautiful stars.
"Dude, what about me?" Sam said, pulling out a bow tie. And you know what was so special about this bow tie? It had a little cowboy hats on it.
"Of course I do. How could I not?" Cas tilted his head.
"It's okay. You don't have to say anything that you don't feel like saying. I have faith in words, but I believe in actions," Cas said nonchalantly, putting his hand on Dean's left cheek. He caressed it while still looking Dean in the eyes.
it. Has he gone soft? Maybe. Doesn't really matter to him anymore.
"Okay, okay, let's just... get her out of the road," Cas lifted his hands as a peaceful gesture.
. A blue wedding garter. Dean couldn't. Cas was hotter than lava right now.
"Dean, I need you to repeat after me."
After few seconds, Dean stretched out for his angelic kiss and slightly smiled in the process. He couldn’t help himself, he still has to get used to it. He secretly dreamt of this thing for years, even though he never said it out loud or just simply admitted it to himself.
"Hey," Dean walked up to Cas. "You wanna watch the stars with me?"
After all, they've got a wedding to attend to tomorrow. Remember?
came up, Dean cried. Again. It wasn't like when Sam had his speech, he was bawling his eyes out then. But still. He lost count of how many times he cried today. And you know what? He was not ashamed. Not a little. Because Dean could dig Elvis.
But to be truthful, Dean just liked the idea of having a piece of Cas always with him, and when he explained it to Cas one night, Cas immediately went soft. Of course he had to agree with this thought. He wanted to always feel Dean beside him, no matter where they were and with whom they were.
"Don't be."
"Your turn. What am I thinking about?"
"It's- it's perfect," Cas said quietly, smiling back at her. He was amazed.
"Would it work?"
"Something with the alternator I think," Dean muttered.
"Mhm," Dean nodded with satisfaction.
"Let's," Cas returned the same smile and accepted Dean's hand. They grabbed the duffle bag from the table and went up the stairs, holding each other's hands.
"Okay, are you two ready?" Sam said after complimenting Cas' outfit too.
"Don't talk about her like that! You're an older model," Dean said in disagreement.
"You know I love you, right?" Dean whispered.
are going to be the most beautiful husbands tonight," she pointed at him.
"Are you seriously asking me that?" Dean smiled and Cas relaxed because he knew this was an honest 'yes'.
Charlie looked like she was really
Cas chuckled. "Do you see these stars?" he leant closer to Dean, pointing to the sky.
“Yep,“ he approved Sam’s proposal and watched his brother walking away, deeper to bunker‘s interiors.
"Actually... I was there when Cassiopeia was being made," Cas paused for a moment, imperceptibly blushing. "In fact, the freckles on your right cheek are creating the same shape. Maybe that's why it is my favorite constellation."
"I don't think you understand, Dean," Cas started after a few seconds of silence. "Of course I've seen a lot of interesting things. A lot of breathtaking, ravishing things. But none of them could ever compete with you. You know why? Because you are not just a
"No, I'm just surprised I actually made you the bride here," Dean chuckled.
Because while he loves another man, she loves another girl.
"No, I don't. You're not an archangel or a seraph, so you can't read minds," Dean replied resolutely. He could finally use all the information on angels from all the lore he had to read in his life.
So they drank, ate and danced, cried and laughed, kissed and hugged. They generally had a good time. The best time, to be exact. And when it was time to leave, they went outside together, with Sam and Eileen. They were weary but so
Thank you for reading!
When they got out of bed and had a breakfast together, they eventually had to go their separated ways, at least for a few hours before the ceremony. To keep at least some of the traditions, a groom can't see a bride before the wedding in her dress, right? Well, Cas won't have a wedding dress (or is it only something Dean thinks? I guess we'll see) but as they agreed on, Cas is still a bride.
“Well, I’m not so little tonight, now am I? What do you say we have some fun?”
Cas moved to Dean’s closet, pulling out a pair of khaki shorts and two shirts.
“Nuh-uh. Not me.”
“Hey.”
At some unknown time later, he was awakened by Dean, who had slipped in under the covers next to him.
Another head shake.
Cas could practically hear him straighten up. “Yeah I’m alone, I can talk. Just driving home now. Is it Dean? Is he okay? What happened?”
“That’s not what this is, and you know it, Dean. You do need to heal but I don’t see you as a toddler all the time. I know you’re perfectly capable. If you don’t want this, all you have to do is say that word. But I know how much it helps you, that’s all. I just thought I’d let you know because I was concerned about it and - ”
“Yes. Down there.”
“Down..” Dean pointed.
. More than the world. You mean everything to me. I want little Dean to know that to, that I would never hurt him, or force anything on him. If I could get my hands on John…”
“Now. You’re going to stay there and let me give you a bath,” he said as sternly as possible, raising an eyebrow. He had never raised his voice, and rarely ever was he stern with Dean, especially knowing how awful John was, but he just felt drained and wasn’t all that used to having to deal with Dean acting this way. Until Dean said the magic word or obviously had aged up, Cas was going to have to deal with little Dean and he was going in that tub to be cleaned, whether he wanted it or not.
He knew Dean was still a little embarrassed about the whole thing (especially since Sam found out) and so he did whatever he could to make him realize how normal it was and how important it was for him to get this time to be small. After months of pleading and cajoling Dean to try age regression to allow his lover and heal and get the chance to nurture his own needs to be a daddy (Cas would openly admit he had his own selfish reasons for Dean’s regression – he needed it just as much as the oldest Winchester, if not more) Dean had finally agreed.
All the parenting websites he’d read had emphasized slowly introducing the child in question to the tub, allowing them to move at their own pace and easing them into it if they were afraid, all the while providing necessary reassurance.
He’d done his best to wipe down the squirming little, but of course Dean somehow managed to get pizza sauce all over him, even in his hair and on his pants. Were it not for the bib, he would have it all over his shirt as well.
“That was private. Between me and Sam.” He sighed. “And quite frankly, it’s not really any of your damn business, Cas.”
After spending a good deal of the day playing outside now it had finally, began to warm up he was more than due for a bath anyway.
The conversation turned more serious when Cas decided to bring up the bathing incident.
He had even expressed interest in babysitting, which Cas knew mortified Dean but if Sam hadn’t been so busy with work and his own family and didn’t like a four hour drive away, it would likely have happened by now.
Once Dean seemed to realize that Daddy was serious about making him take a bath, he made a break for the other room. Luckily Cas was faster.
Dean’s room was big and airy, the walls covered with cartoon characters, the wide windows overlooking the forest below, toy chests filled to the brim with a good mix of big lego blocks, cars and trucks, and stuffed animals.
The next time Dean was in his little headspace, Cas made the decision to sit down with him before bath time and enact his plan to get him comfortable with bathing – or at least as comfortable as he could - praying it wouldn’t be nearly as hellish an experience as it was the previous time. He wasn’t sure how much Dean would understand, but he didn’t want his little one to fear it.
“Well, don’t stop telling him. Tell him you’re listening, that it’s okay to open up to you. Tell little Dean. I’m here too if he needs me.”
He had to wait Dean out. Besides Sam and Bobby who Dean now rarely spoke to but a few times a year, before Cas Dean hadn’t had anyone to care about him. With it still being relatively early on in their relationship, he had to be patient with Dean.
Quickly dressing Dean, he took his little’s hand and led him down to the kitchen.
Cas sighed, realizing he couldn’t easily bribe him.
“I know you’re just worried about me. Worried about inflicting some kind of added trauma on me when I’m in that…little state. I should have opened up to you earlier about it. I shouldn’t have flown off the handle like that.” He let out a slow sigh. “I know I must have hurt you. When you brought up the bath, and talking to Sam about how John had abused me. I just freaked, dude. I know I hurt you. I’m such an idiot!” He pulled at his hair, and Cas silently reach out and intertwined their fingers, leaning over and giving his a soft kiss below his brow.
Dusk was settling in and Dean was still out. Cas had started to get worried, was even thinking of hopping in the car and going out after him. He also knew Dean was a hunter and knew how to protect himself and find his way back, and the last thing he wanted to do was further anger him by looking for him like he was some lost child.
“That’s exactly right, lots and lots! Well, you know sometimes, you have to take a bath to clean yourself off.”
Cas jumped a little when he felt two arms wrap around his neck from behind, a kiss pressed to his neck, sucking at his favorite spot. He held back a shiver and turned around, knowing he was no longer dealing with little Dean.
The smell of pancakes led Dean to the kitchen, and Cas happily placed a bib around him, not concerned in the slightest about how sticky the boy ended up getting.
Of course, bath time was the one big obstacle they needed to deal with still.
“I knew he would rape him. I was too young, I didn’t realize it at the time, but Dean finally admitted it when I was eighteen. It started when he was very, very little. Little like, two. Maybe three. Before I was born.
something to him. He acted petrified.” Cas gulped, anxiously drumming his fingers against his thigh.
“It’s….bathtime.”
“Cas, of course I do. What exactly are you getting at?” Dean asked, a frown forming on his face.
“Hey, rise and shine sleepyhead,” Cas murmured as Dean rubbed his eyes with his fist. “Sleep okay?”
It was awkward at first, and Dean wasn’t really able to age down to the headspace he needed to be for several weeks. Now that Dean was aged down to a toddler, he had finally been spending more time fully in headspace and the transition from strong, competent, capable, sexy Dean Winchester to the loveable, sometimes mischievous little boy was rarely ever very painful. Dean had finally taken down his barriers and allowed himself an entire weekend to be little and Cas couldn’t be happier.
He so desperately wanted Dean to enjoy bathing, he wanted to watch him play with all his bath toys – the rubber duck, the little floating boats, the bath ball toy with all the little stars that squirted water out of the top, the water dolls, the floating foam bath numbers and letters, the bath crayons that came in thirty different colors (okay, so maybe he went a little overboard but it wasn’t like Dean didn’t deserve to be spoiled a little), he wanted to run his hands through his soft hair and wash his soft skin, scars and all, while letting him know how loved he is, maybe get a few playful splashes in the process.
Dean put up no resistance as he was undressed and lifted into the tub. Cas couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of relief but wasn’t sure if this Dean was any better than the one that put up all that resistance. Dean seemed almost catatonic, unmoving, eyes fixed upward at a spot on the wall.
“I’m sorry,” Dean whispered into the shell of his ear, spooning him from behind. “I’m
“Building a fort! Come on!” He said, desperate to improve Dean’s mood, grabbing pillows and blankets off the sofa, Dean hot on his heels.
“So, does this mean we made up?” He winked, pulling his shirt off, exposing him well-defined upper body.
Dean only nodded, letting out a little yawn.  Could little Dean be any less adorable?
“I know you don’t like taking baths, but you know everyone has to, even daddy. But I want you to know, I will never hurt you in the bath and you don’t need to be afraid. There are certain parts of your body where you know daddy won’t touch you. That are just for you. I won’t go near those areas in the bath.”
With a sigh, he carried the boy over to his bed. Dean had insisted he was a big boy and therefore would not sleep in a crib, so Cas had compromised with the collapsible bed rails printed with little monster trucks. Carefully tucking Dean in and pressing a kiss to his forehead, he tiptoed out of the room after turning on the baby monitor sat on the little table beside the bed. It was time to make a call.
sorry. I had no right to speak to you like that and then run off.”
“Hey,” smiled Cas, glancing over at his lover.
He went to take his hands away and hold them, only for the boy to let out a tiny sob and scoot away from him.
“John really hurt me. I could never understand why I’d be smacked in the mouth till I bled for saying the wrong thing, for not fetching his beer and TV tray fast enough, for breathing too loudly, for just being a little nuisance, and he’d act all lovey-dovey not too long after that, when I was in the bath and he was…
He had changed into a plain white shirt and black sports shorts, no traces of little Dean left as he stretched out next to Cas.
“I asked. I didn’t want to force you to take a bath, if especially if it was hurting you that bad and I didn’t realize your early childhood trauma was that bad either. It isn’t Sam’s fault. I’m sorry, I should have waited and talked to you about it, asked you about it. I just didn’t want to make you feel uncomfortable or bring up those memories again…” he trailed off, awkwardly running his hand through his hair.
He knew it would take time. And he would most definitely have to talk to Big Dean about it, who most likely wouldn’t be happy that Sam had told him. But they were going to need to talk about it. Hell, it was still a struggle some days to let Big Dean know he was loved. John and a slew of past "relationships" had done just about all they could to crush every once of self-esteem out of him. He knew in that moment, though, that he would do anything for Dean. Big Dean and Little Dean. Especially Little Dean.
“Is my big boy back?” He asked, craning his head up to press a passionate kiss to Dean’s lips when Dean let out a snicker.
“I know, Dean, it’s fine. Really. You have every right to be upset. I don’t want it to seem like I went behind your back and was asking Sam personal things about your childhood without your consent - ”
Cas grinned, “Great choice, buddy.”
had enough of the ‘chick talk’ tonight,” he said, using Dean’s words, knowing how much Dean hated talking out his feelings.
“NO! Noonononononooooo,” Dean shrieked as Cas finally reached him, hefting him up off the ground and into his arms and up towards the bathroom, relieved of his natural strength and all the time he spent lifting in his free time as Dean squirmed and kicked and hit his arms and clenching his fists, pounding his back.
“So?” Dean shrugged, and Cas noticed his arms had crossed, almost defensively.  “What do you mean, terrified?”
“John – wait – he hasn’t told you? Oh, no, oh, that’s right. Shit! Fuck!” Sam cursed loudly through the phone, and Cas couldn’t help wincing.
“He already knows that.”
Dean seemed to recognize his daddy needed reassurance, for he gave him a hug and a sloppy kiss on the check before squirming to get down and run off and play.
“You know I love it when you’re little. You’re so sweet, so unselfconscious.”
Not wanting to overwhelm him, Cas stood just outside the door, the door cracked open just enough for him to glance in and see his boy climb into the tub, babbling away as he continued to play.
I never remember John giving me a bath or shower. It was always Dean. Always. He would never allow him to be near me. He was always with me, insisted on staying near me, no matter where we were.” Sam sounded near tears.
Dean shook his head quickly.
They spent the next part of an hour just talking and laughing about nothing in particular, interrupted by each other pressing a kiss to the other’s lips or throat. As much as Cas loved taking care of Dean in his toddler headspace, he did like spending time with adult Dean and having his lover lavish him with love and attention.
He was going to have to get Dean comfortable with the bath, without being heavy-handed. He was going to have to help him anyway he could and let him know how wrong and evil it is to do those things, how he would never touch him there. How loved he is. How safe he is with Cas. How Cas would never in a million years do anything to hurt him. But how would he tell Dean’s two year old headspace that, how much would he even understand?
In his headspace, Dean was just as excitable and curious as a real toddler, and Cas had quickly learned to take precautions. There were far more dangerous things that a two year old with an adult body left unattended could get into than a real two year old. It was a lot of work some days and even the times when he was little only for a few hours, but it was more than worth it.
Cas felt a burst of relief rush through him when Dean woke up little again.
“Bathtime?” Sam sounded incredulous. “I’m not exactly a parenting expert, dude. Ours is only three months old ya know. If he doesn’t want to take a bath, I’m sure there’s websites and videos for that.”
“Yeah!” Dean cried, jumping up and down in excitement. Cas smirked, reaching down to give the boy a quick tickle and a kiss, causing him to squeak cutely and leap away.
Dean pointed to the shirt with the monkeys printed all over it.
After the bath ordeal, Cas just felt like holding and rocking his sweet boy. Dean didn’t seem to mind. The poor kid had tuckered himself out, arms wrapped around Cas, head on his shoulder half-asleep. He was a bit big to be carried around and bounced, had even pointed it out to Cas, but of course Cas had assured him he hardly minded. He loved the feel of him in his arms, getting to comfort him after he’s scraped a knee or just needed a hug and wanted to be carried. Just two years ago, never in a million years would Dean Winchester have agreed to be babied.
“Nuh uh. No baff. Not like.”
“I know you don’t always care when I bring up what you do when you’re regressed, but I noticed something that disturbed me as I was….giving you a bath, last night. Little Dean was not very happy when I put you in the bath. He was – you were – terrified.”
“Hey Dean-O, you know I love you, right?” He had Dean just far away enough on his lap so that he was able to see his face and maintain eye contact.
“So you think Dean’s adult childhood memories from when John…you know, are blending into his headspace?” He asked Sam after he’d finally composed himself.
“What that dick to me did is in the past. It’s over, I’m not going to dwell on it and have a little therapy session with you about how much you care about me and all that crap. Whatever happens when I’m little, stays with you. I don’t know, and I don’t care about it, it’s just another part of me I’d rather forget. Now I’d appreciate if you gave me some air.” Yanking his hand away from Cas when he reached for it, he stood up, kicking a plush firetruck across the room before he reached for the glass door that led outside.
“I did everything I could to forget what John did to me,” he continued. “But truthfully my life was shit before you came into it. Ugh, I’m already sounding like a chick,” he groaned. “I don’t want to stop age regressing. I do need it, you’re right. As much as it pains me to admit it sometimes, I never got a childhood. Wearing pull-ups and drinking out of sippy cups and having you make decisions for me, helps me.” He sighed, gazing into the eyes of his Cas, his one and only with a soft smile.
“Buddy?” He titled Dean’s head up pulling his teeth off his lip, breath caught in his throat at the vacant look in the green eyes that were usually so full of life.
Although the brothers had grown slightly estranged, Cas knew how close they were, he knew how much Sam cared about Dean and how he worried about him. He knew Dean had spent a good portion of his childhood caring for Sam and raising him, and as a result Sam was willing to take care of him, if need be.
It was no wonder Dean reacted the way he did, then. He didn’t even think, didn’t even think about what trauma John had inflicted on him. He had just been seeing Dean as being “difficult” like he was some bratty little child. Cas hated himself in that moment.
Quickly, Cas cleaned up the puddle of water that had formed around the bath mat and turned to Dean, surprised when he reached for him. Only hesitating a second, Cas moved him onto his hip, walking back into Dean’s room and pulling out a pair of pajamas, quickly changing him before settling them both down on the rocking chair in the corner of the room.
Moving back upstairs to Dean's room, he stopped by the bed, suddenly unable to bear being separated from the boy for too long. Dean was curled up, the well-loved stuffed elephant Moppie clutched in his right arm, his thumb in his mouth. Carefully, Cas extracted him arm from his mouth. Dean whined only for a second before it was replaced with a glittery blue pacifier, his favorite. Lightly stroking his slightly flushed cheek, Cas smiled down at his little one. They had a long journey together, but they had plenty of time.
It looked like they were in for another long night.
Final part. Ah what an emotional wreck i was writing this. Enjoy!
“What?” Dean’s green eyes sparkled with curiosity, fixated on his daddy intently.
“Okay, baby boy. I’ll be as quick as possible.” He ran a hand through Dean’s messy hair and, reaching for the soap and washcloth, began washing him as best he could. He put some shampoo on his head, carefully rubbing it in and washing him off, all while Dean sat completely and totally still, not moving even a bit.
It didn’t take his baby boy long to nod off, and Cas brushed his hair back, giving his forehead a quick peck before he headed downstairs to clean up.
Cas sighed contentedly. At that moment in time, as he sat on the toilet drying off a sopping wet Dean, he couldn’t be happier.
“Aren’t you too tired for a story?”
you. You know I would never, ever and dream about abusing you, especially in little space, right?”
“Hey, it’s okay,” he murmured, suddenly feeling like the lowliest of pond scum for making Dean act like this. He loved the time he had with Big Dean in bed together. But, he would never even think of  touching little Dean like that. It was purely non-sexual for them, an outlet, a release.
He loved taking care of little Dean and being a daddy, but he didn’t want big Dean to think he was treating him like a child either. Cas choked down a sob. His heart felt more in tatters the longer Dean was gone.
“No baff!” He repeated firmly, arms crossed and a pout forming, his foot stomping.
“How do ya feel about chocolate chip pancakes this morning?” He grinned, knowing little Dean would get excited.
Cas turned in his arms, a sad smile on his face.
“When mom died it got even worse. I did everything I could to protect Sam from what I got and luckily he never had to deal with the same. But I…every day, I was just waiting for…it to happen again. Like I knew it was inevitable. I’ve never told anyone other than Sam before. But you’re my lover. I love you so much Cas, I guess I just didn’t want you to know because I felt like it would be too much for you to take on. You already know I’m screwed up enough as it is,” he let out a bitter laugh.
The rest of the morning was spent relaxing, Dean watching cartoons while Cas read his book on the sofa, occasionally glancing over at the TV. It was some garish, noisy show, but it seemed to keep his little one enraptured for the time being.
“Everything’s fine,” Cas said, before Sam could work himself into a frenzy. He heard Sam breathe a loud sigh of relief.
“Dean, you don’t know how happy I am to hear that. I know it’s not always easy to accept, and I don’t doubt that it’s still going to be a long road ahead of us. But I don’t want you to feel like I’m forcing this on you. I never want you to feel like that.”
Dean shifted uncomfortably, letting out a slight sigh.
Dean silenced him with a passionate kiss that left both fighting for dominance and gasping for air after.
Dean was having so much fun playing with the dinosaurs and the suds, he barely noticed when Cas came over to put the tear-free shampoo in his hair, even relaxing into the fingers combing through his hair at one point, letting a purr escape his throat.
Castiel sighed, stopping himself from moving forward to grab Dean before he ran off and hid under the bed for an hour like he did the first bath time.
“Hey, can you talk right now for a little bit?”
The issue was, getting little Dean to actually take a bath and stay in the tub was an ordeal and a half.
Not sure what he was expecting Dean, he felt his heart nearly crack when Dean only uttered “…pomise?” in a whisper.
you, then?” He said with a growl.
“I promise. I will
Yes! It was progress. He hadn’t even had to coax and reassure Dean into dipping his toes in the water, Dean had gone in all on his own. The trials weren’t over yet, and Cas knew deep down that it was unlikely that he would be fully willing to take the dreaded b-word each and every time he needed one, not with the abuse so deeply ingrained in Dean’s psyche, but all things considered, it was an impressive start.
That night, Cas went ahead and filled up the tub while Dean was still playing, being sure to pour the bubbles in high, all ready to put his plan into action.
Cas couldn’t help but thinking, feeling his heart break a little as the door slammed shut and out Dean went.
“No!”
“I love you. If you agreed for me to take care of you, to give you the care you need, it is my business. I want to help you.”
After making sure the water wasn’t too hot, he waited for the tub to fill, adding a little bit of bubbles because he might as well just use up the bottle.
“I think someone’s due for a nap.”
“Dean, don’t go too far, I - ”
“Lots an lots!”
Unfortunately, the clouds that had been looming over the landscape finally chose to open up after about an hour of being outside, and thus begun a hard, heavy rain. Cas was quick to hustle Dean inside before they got too wet, much to the little’s supreme disappointment.
He still wasn’t sure how Dean would react to having to take a bath, but it did seem like Dean had understood what he had said, at least on a surface level, and had confirmed what he was afraid of. Cas rested easy knowing he wasn’t actually afraid of him. Of course, he loved him very much but an irrational part of his brain wouldn’t let him relax and lower his guard, even in littlespace.
“Come on Dean-o, you’ve got pizza sauce all over ya. Don’t you want to get nice and clean? I’ve got toys and bubble bath and everything! It’ll be fun!” He tried to inject as much excitement and wonder into his voice as he could, but he knew it wouldn’t work, he’d already tried it and he knew Dean wasn’t buying it.
“Noooo! No baff,” Dean whimpered, backing away from his caregiver, chewing his bottom lip nervously, looking ready to bolt at any instant.
Cas groaned, head in his hands. How had that gone so badly? All he wanted to do was let Dean know he was there for him and he wanted to help little Dean as well. It was obvious the man had layers of defense mechanisms built up, more than Cas could count. There wasn’t anything he could do if Dean wanted nothing to do with him, though. He didn’t want to push too much, or he knew Dean would pull away so far, he’d eventually lose him.
“Daddy, get me!” Dean cried, running around Cas excitedly holding his big red rubber ball. Cas couldn’t believe how much energy he had in his regressed state sometimes as he chased him around the yard, both ending up collapsing in a heap of limbs and laughter.
Cas did everything in his power to bite back the grin that threatened to form. Little Dean was too cute.
“No, I was hoping you could give me some insight. I don’t think Dean would want to talk about it. I think John did something to him when he was a really young child. The way he reacted tonight when I got him in the bath, he acted like I was going to
“Hey Cas,” Sam sounded like he was in the car.
“John did do some things to him. Well, it was obvious. He had this ‘special time’, just him and Dean. Back when we were living in and out of hotels, erm…he would leave me and take Dean with him. And sometimes they would - ” Cas could tell without seeing him that Sam was shaking his head.
Cas smirked, “Well, I guess we
“Dean, I don’t see you as a poor little thing to be rescued. I know you’re a strong, brave man. It’s a big part of what attracted me to you. But I also recognize that you’ve been through a lot, and still need to heal. I want to be there for you when you need me, that’s all.” Cas and Dean were both gripping each other at this point, like the world was crumbling around them and they only had one another.
he thought to himself.
“Now, who wants some pie? I think there’s a big slice with your name written all over it,” he whispered conspiratorially once he’d finished drying the squirmy little and put him into his footie pajamas.
Dean had grown completely silent.
Once Cas decided Dean had more than enough television time for that day, he took him out to the yard to play, knowing how much the little boy needed to release his energy. The backyard, besides Dean’s room, was perhaps the project he was most proud of since he had designed the house for their little arrangement. The play structure and slide were big and wide enough to easily fit two grown men and gave both Dean and Cas hours of entertainment. The big sandbox in the far corner of the yard was also a big source of entertainment for Dean, full of buckets and shovels and various molds, often overlooked for the big yellow water can.
Unfortunately, Dean ended up utterly despising bathing and seemed to go from an adorable, affectionate, loving toddler who rarely ever threw a tantrum or made a fuss to a total terror almost as soon as the word “bath” was brought up. The last time he gave him a bath he had to drag him kicking and screaming into the tub and wash him as quickly as possible while screamed so loudly, arms flailing about, desperate to climb out of the tub, that Cas silently thanked God they lived in the middle of nowhere or the cops would likely have been called. The poor kid even ended up losing his voice from all the screaming. Cas’s heart had broken a little that night.
“I knew that son of a bitch endangered you two, I knew he would leave you guys alone for days on end, I knew he hit Dean and Dean allowed himself to take the belt to protect you. I just didn’t think…” Cas swallowed down the bile that was forming in his throat. He wanted to rip John into pieces and feed them to hungry dogs. He wanted to go full medieval on the worthless lump. He felt the tears, hot and heavy, rush down his cheeks. He didn’t bother to wipe them away.
“Do you want your superman or monkeys today?
your help. I’m not some helpless little two year old, you know. I’m a grown ass man. I’m certainly not some broken child that needs fixing.” The menace in his voice shocked Cas.
“Okay, I’ll check our arsenal. Meet me at the car in 10?“
minds."
Cas, on the other hand, said he doesn't care if he's the broom or the bride, as long as he's standing at the oltar. He also said he has no problem being a bride, because it doesn't make him any less of a man. It doesn't compromise his masculinity. Dean looked at him back then, with a hint of a gratitude. He sometimes still needed to be reminded of that.
"Okay, come on, you gotta do more than just stand there and be pretty," Dean exclaimed when he stood behind the back of the Impala, looking at Cas.
"The W? Do you see the W? W as in Winchester?" Cas tried again. He looked at Dean out of the corner of his eye, only because their faces were still pressing against each other. Dean stared at the sky for a solid minute before his eyes lit up.
blissful. Dean looked at the Impala's back window. There was written 'just married' on it, and in that moment, he didn't even care that his Baby is painted with this white something. He was proud. He was in love.
"Oh, Sammy. I know," he chuckled proudly, spreading out his arms and letting Sam wrap him up in his.
"You don't think I can tell you what you're thinking about, right here and right now?"
Maybe they really do.
Because usually, their love language was kissing each other's bloody knuckles. It was soft kisses on the forehead. Gentle touches on their bruises. Watching Dean's favorite movies again and again. Holding each other's pinkies. Sleeping in a tight embrace. Dancing in the kitchen together. Rubbing circles on their backs after some ugly nightmare.
Dean smiled back. "Okay. Come on," he nodded towards the hood of the car, intertwining his fingers with Cas'. They made a few steps to the car and sat on the black hood of the Impala. They were still holding hands and it was as intimate as ever.
"What? No. Come on, Cas, don't try to bullshit me again."
Dean turned around, looking at the aisle. It was here.
are more than enough to me. You showed me you can always do the right thing, even though sometimes, it only tears you apart. You taught me so much - you taught me love. You are the closest to heaven that I'll ever be. Take it from me, that says something, don't you think?"
Let's see.
"You are a human being. Flawed, imperfect human being. But that just makes you who you are. I love you for
Dean ignored Sam's remark. "This is so freaking awesome," he breathed out, rubbing his hands, still smiling like a loony.
"Yeah, I'll call Sam. I'm not letting any mechanic touch her. They would just screw her up," Dean inhaled and exhaled and then he frowned. "Baby has never done this to me before."
Sam had already knew for a long time that these two just weren’t indifferent to each other. That’s the reason why he was more than happy when they finally got together after all that terror, and openly confessed their love.
"But still," Dean shook his head and looked back at the sky. A minute ago, he only saw a lot of stars next to another pile of stars. Now all he could see was the one constellation Cas loves so much that he could find it in his freckles. The night sky was really beautiful before, but now it's almost glorious. Thousands upon thousands of stars and they get to sit under them, seeing them all shine like it's their last time, forming shapes. The darkness wasn't so terrifying anymore.
"'A lot more difficult to handle'? He threw me through the second floor! Guess he was in the Veil for too long and mastered his ghost mojo..." he shook his head and stepped on the pedal just a little harder. "Vengeful spirits, man. Vengeful spirits."
"Hm, looks like we gotta go save some lives. You coming?" Dean asked Cas.
Cas recited the same words, looking into Dean's green eyes without any interruption. They were starting to well up with tears and Cas was doing his best not to start crying, too.
"Damn straight I did! You really thought I would let you get married in one of your cheap fake FBI suits? Nah ah! Give me a little credit."
"Of course," Cas hurried to Dean and put his hands on the trunk of the car. They started pushing, with all the strength they had. It wasn't all that easy - Baby is a classic, heavy American car, but those are also two strong hunters, so somehow they managed. They pushed the Impala away, on the field that was next to the road. Yes, they were really in the middle of nowhere.
"Are you done?" Jody smiled.
"Of course I do."
Cas stretched to Dean and gave him a little kiss on his forehead. He'll never get tired of this. He quietly watched the love of his life sleep and fell asleep in Dean’s embrace himself.
"I still can't believe it," Dean said. "We're actually married."
But yeah, in the end they will be just two bickering husbands, fighting over who's going to do the laundry or buy the beer. They will be
Dean started up the car, looked at Cas for last two seconds and then stepped on the pedal. With Sam and Eileen on their tail, they drove home. Together, married and happy. And he wouldn't have it any other way.
Dean quickly recovered from his initial shock and happily leaned into their second kiss that night. Would it be too bold to say it was even better than the first one? Was that possible? It seemed pretty impossible. Dean just had to stop thinking and enjoy the warm fuzzy feeling inside his chest that was expanding into his whole body and making his cheeks glow crimson. Cas' burning lips against his felt like heaven that only belonged to him.
“It’s nothing. I just… nothing,“ Dean shrugged his shoulders and stretched his arm over the table just so his and Cas‘ hand could connect. Another sign of intimacy he would never dare. Another little assurance that Dean loves Castiel from all of his heart.
"Sounds a bit homophobic, Sammy."
"You first, bee."
"Also..." Cas pulled his dress up to his thigh. He had a fucking
"You're so stupid."
"Well, if I ever learned something from this life, it's that things that are too good to be true are usually not true," Dean spoke in a low silent voice.
Theirs did. And it was the best kind of crazy he has ever seen and felt. Which says a lot, given his job and life.
Of course he never really said it or showed it, but he didn't even have to. They didn't need words to understand one another. Castiel just knew. And Dean knew too. They never had to say it out loud or thank for it. For anything.
"Hey, buddy," Dean smiled. Still calling him buddy, even though they are getting married today. Something only Dean can pull off.
They are just doing their best. They love, they hurt, they fail, they dance, they create, they sing and they write songs and poems and stories..." Cas paused for a moment. "Stories are light, and that is precious in a world so dark. In the end, we'll all become just stories."
"I suppose it's good we're not things but just humans, right?" Cas smiled. "Humans are never
Yet this all changed in that moment when all of them almost died. Dean found out how awfully wrong he was in everything. Castiel loves him. Despite how twisted and corrupted his soul is. Despite his mistakes, traumas and flaws.
Cas looked up at the sky at the same moment as Dean.
was magical when they were together.
And Cas gazed into the green eyes, too. They could set forests and the sky on fire, but the only one burning was him. He inspected the little wrinkles around them and the stories Dean's eyes could tell. All the stories Dean saw and is a part of. All the stories Cas in his millions of years saw and didn't appreciate enough, because he was young and foolish.
"Hit me," Dean said exctitedly.
"And I couldn't imagine anyone better by my side," Cas replied with the same smile.
"I'm the best, I know. Satiating your cowboy fetish," Sam patted Dean on his back and they pulled away.
"Oh my god, Dean! Not again," Sam rolled his eyes and threw up his hands incredulously. How many more times, Dean? How many?
Little did they know they would actually end up making these night kisses a habit.
"Hello, Dean," Cas smiled back, looking drowsy but somehow happy.
"Yeah, right back at ya."
Cas walked the stairs up, right to Charlie's apartment. He didn't even manage to ring the doorbell and the door opened, fast like a hurricane.
"It's a constellation. Its name is Cassiopeia, like the vain queen in Greek mythology."
Dean smiled warmly. "Let's?"
"What? Admit it, you just still aren't over the fact that I'm bisexual!"
"Does that mean you... like it?"
When they walked out of the bunker, still hand in hand, straight to the car and Sam, all three of them realized one thing.
"Why?" Cas frowned but continued stroking Dean's cheek with his thumb.
"As a matter of fact, no, I haven't," Cas smiled, glancing at Dean.
"You're creepy, you know that?" Dean laughed and Cas joined him. For a few seconds, they just sat there, looking in each other's eyes. So in love.
When Sam said everything that was needed, including everything about the responsibilities of marriage and the sanctity of the vows they are about to take, it came. Vows. The most important step.
And suddenly here they are. Two boyfriends. Together. And it will be so, until Dean takes his last breath on this Earth. But even then... there is still Heaven. And Cas is an angel. So does it really end here? With death? I don't think so.
"Okay, but if you start to feel like-"
New was then his dress and old... he's sort of old himself, isn't he? He saw the dawn of time, so Dean would guess so.
"Okay."
"I must admit, this ghost was a lot more difficult to handle than I expected," Cas nodded.
Cas stood there in hesitation, not sure if he made the right decision with this dress.
Then, he visited one precious memory of his. One unforgettable hunt. It was the day Cas proposed to him. His birthday. That son of a bitch actually proposed to him on his birthday. So romantic and he
Dean thought he's like the dark. When you first look at it, you see nothing good. You might think it's tainted, because you see nothing at all. You might be afraid, because it's mysterious - people are afraid of the unknown, after all. The dark is difficult to love or even to embrace. But when you truly look, you see it all. The stars, the Moon, the secrets. And it will tell you all, if you just stay and listen.
"Isn't the answer obvious?" Cas almost chuckled. "I have been for a long time now, Dean. Ever since I first laid my hand on you in Hell, ever since we first met."
Dean smacked him on the back for the last time and dragged himself away, blinking quickly to blink the water in his eyes away.
was here. Claire was walking beside him, in a white suit with a black tie. But his eyes fell on Cas. At first, he just only noticed how gorgeous that angel is. And then he noticed the other thing. Cas was wearing a regular wedding dress. God help him, he
"I'm a bride because I let you make me the bride," he said decisively.
"Yeah, I know that one! Damn it, I should've known that. You're smarter than me. Again," Dean playfully rolled his eyes.
