John balked a bit at the suspenders. "Are you sure about this? It isn't some kind of—practical joke?"
Mark was a professional. He was still working. Still active. Mark's lie, the central lie of his entire life, wasn't small. It was very big, indeed.
He hovered his thumb over the
He knew what Sherlock had said, in the past, about people who took up with someone new so quickly.
"Mark and John are now to enter this way of life. They will each give their consent to the other and make solemn vows, and in token of this they will each give and receive a ring. We pray with them that the Holy Spirit will guide and strengthen them, that they may fulfil God's purposes for the whole of their earthly life together."
John visits Baker Street, and Mrs. Hudson.
Sherlock blinked at him, brow furrowed. "Yes."
He hated to do that. He'd meant it as a message for Sherlock, as a sign of hope for their future. He'd worked so hard, these last couple of years, to own what he was thinking and feeling. He'd wanted, since Sherlock's return, to get back to the blog, to writing up cases again.
He listened, as Mark's footsteps thumped down what sounded like a set of four stairs. A moment later came the sound of an engine starting outside, and a vehicle driving away. John was alone. He offered a silent thanks, yet again, to Harry, for her trick with the water. Mark had probably lowballed the drug dose, to avoid suppressing John's nervous system too much. If John could just find his way back to full awareness, and get himself moving, he could get ready for whatever came next. With an effort, he managed to shift under the blanket, wiggling his fingers, and then his toes. Finally, he opened his eyes.
, she replied.
Mark was shouting, high pitched and helpless, in a matter of moments, his orgasm hitting him hard, his cock slicking their bellies with come. John pounded into him, pressing Mark into the mattress, his entire body clenching as he found his release, and he filled Mark with every need he had, until he was empty, and finally still.
"Right," Mark said, as if she'd just told him she and Frank had gone bird watching together on a regular basis.
"Why can't you?" Sherlock asked, his voice so quiet, John could practically hear his heart breaking.
When he was done digging the hole, he placed the tablet and pack into it, and carefully lowered the flagstone back into place. He picked up the plastic garbage bag by the corners, and got rid of the dirt, spreading it out over the weedy patch behind the shed. He folded and collapsed the security system packaging as compactly as he could, wrapped it carefully in the garbage bag, and hid it all at the bottom of the dustbin beside the shed, under the two bags of kitchen garbage that were already in there. Finally, he put the shovel and the plastic table away, and closed the shed door.
Sherlock chewed his lower lip, winced as if he were in acute pain, took a deep, heaving breath, and finally, spoke. "John Watson, these are my parents, Violet and Sigur Holmes. Mum, Dad, this is John."
Saturday. The wedding. "Oh. Yeah."
John felt himself turning red. He remembered the way he'd written the inscription, how conflicted he'd felt about it. To see it here, now, in the midst of the evening Sherlock had planned for just the two of them, introduced a fresh, painful undercurrent into the conversation.
Sherlock bowed his head, and pointed at the door. "Don't want to miss your ride home."
John had grown strong, in those days. Able to hold the truth of what was going on at home, while he continued to go to school and work, to do what he needed to do, until he could leave. He'd made something of himself. More than his father had ever thought he would.
"Not such a bad shot," John said, as he tried to roll out of the nettles. He managed to shift so he was on his back, looking up at the fading light of the evening sky through the bare branches of the trees. His left thigh was wet. He was suddenly very cold.
Okay. Everything was going to be fine. John would do the right thing and cut through the mess of his life, when Mark got back. And then he and Sherlock would talk.
A slow, insidious feeling moved through him, of letting go of the past, of releasing himself from it. During the old days, at Baker Street, John had been content, or so he'd thought, to live on nothing but danger and the urgency of the work he and Sherlock had done together. He'd convinced himself that all of that was enough.
"It's traditional."
Greg had sent John a couple of files, with a note appended to the top:
He thought he'd only been dancing for a few minutes, but he wasn't sure. Whatever Mark had dosed him with had kicked in a bit harder than he would have liked. He had an idea, vague and disturbing, that he should be fighting against something, maybe shouldn't allow whoever was touching him to do it, because Sherlock was standing at the edge of the dance floor, talking to Bill Murray, who seemed to be listening intently, and looking more than a little concerned.
Safety was relative. He wasn't safe in his body, or in his mind, if Sherlock wasn't in his life.
He continued on:
"All right." John held out his hand across the table for Sherlock to shake. It was a friendly thing to do, wasn't it? Congratulations between mates.
Sherlock wasn't listening. "I wasn't supposed to live. If I'd died, they would have left you alone. I didn't finish what I started, couldn't find them all. The network, it isn't a network at all. It's too nebulous, too big."
Sherlock moved toward the carriage, and ran his hand along its side. It looked just like any other, to John's eyes. He bent down to look underneath it: nothing unusual there. Sherlock opened the door, and climbed inside. John followed.
"Yes."
He needed time.
A man had approached Bainbridge. Young, a bit greasy looking, in a heavy grey jacket, and a black ball cap. He took a picture of Bainbridge with his phone, a close-up, right in his face, and then shuffled in for a selfie. Uncomfortably close. Pressing his side up to Bainbridge's.
"John, you're dreaming. John. Wake up."
"All right."
Violet stepped toward John. "Some of the people at MI6 told me the two of you would never be separated. I suppose they were right." She reached out and shook John's hand. "It's an honour working with you, Doctor Watson. Now. All you have to do is let this happen. We will be following. That much I promise. I can't thank you enough for this. Both of you."
The thought struck him as funny. Hilarious, even. He opened his mouth and laughed, even as he turned and met Mark's gaze. Mark was watching him with a mix of amusement and something much more cynical, as the two of them danced.
He got out his phone, and thumbed through Sherlock's texts, reading the last one over again.
John lifted his free hand, and wiggled the finger that had the pulse oximeter clipped to it. "I'm good, I assume."
"You love Sherlock. You always have."
"Wonder if I should pop round to Baker Street," he said, keeping his tone light. He wanted to give Sherlock his present. If he couldn't see him on Christmas, then he didn't know when he could.
They weren't okay. Perhaps they never had been.
John arrived, breathless, at the corner of Warwick and Beak, to find no one there. He'd spent the tube ride over working himself up. He wanted, more than anything, an evening of the old magic, Sherlock keeping him on his heels again, sending him on some dizzy adventure that would end with the two of them, together, even just for a little while.
The tenderness that built in John, that had been building in him all day, was almost too much. Sherlock stood so opposed to everything that was nice for the sake of being nice, and yet, here they were, at
, and referred to this as
"Oh." Sherlock nodded.
John had no recollection of any particularly close friends Mark had kept from his uni days, but then again, Mark's conversations were filled with a constant stream of friends' names that John had never bothered to track. There were too many. Mark was a popular man.
As the day wore on, and it grew closer to time for him to go see Sherlock, a note of bright excitement began to build in him. He found himself whistling tunelessly, as he washed his hands between patients.
he wrote to Harry.
John could see the break room door from where he was standing. He should go there. Put his phone on silent mode. Sit. Have tea with Mark.
Smoke seeped down, covering his face. He coughed, weakly. He could barely draw breath. He tried to roll, and managed a loud moan.
"Sorry." John hadn't imagined that, in simply trying to see Sherlock, he would end up dragging Mark into the most dangerous part of his old life. Not this soon, anyway.
John thought about the churchyard he'd visited, recalled the whitethorn tree, the single sparrow that had watched him grind through the details of what had happened to Mark's previous partner. "Thomas Baccarin," he said. His voice came out low, and strained.
"Okay look, don't get mad, but if I didn't know that man was five times as gay as you and me put together, I'd say he's pulled with that maid of honour."
John came back to consciousness as if surfacing through deep waters he'd been drowning in for a century: slowly, painfully. The first thing that came to him was the smell of the place he was in. Here was dust, and an undertone of damp, and the kind of neglect that came from having the windows closed for too long. The air was cold. He rested on something soft, a bed maybe. There was a blanket draped over him, a lumpy pillow under his head. His mouth was dry.
"Well, you cannot possibly go wrong, but if you’d like my personal recommendation—" closer still.
He was rambling, but he couldn't shut up. He had questions, and he was full of hope, and if there was any chance that he was right about Sherlock's hesitation, well. He would say anything. He would wait as long as it took to get an answer. "Maybe he didn't want anything at all, beyond friendship," he said, because he felt he had to. It was selfish, not to allow for all possibilities. "Maybe it's become awkward somehow. I don't know. I can't speak for him."
He'd felt so ragged, so used up and wrong in the world, but Mark had made it easy for him, had listened when he spoke about Sherlock, had made him feel as though everything he'd been through was understandable, that his grief, his deep sadness, were acceptable, and appropriate.
John walked toward it, and hesitated. "This isn't some kind of Mycroft prank, is it? Because I'm really not eager to see your brother tonight."
"Yes, I will. As you know, these last couple of years haven’t been easy for me; and meeting you, yeah, meeting you has been the best thing that could have possibly happened."
John flipped back to the articles.
John went back to his desk, smouldering under the effects of the snog they'd just had, and dizzy with anticipation for the evening ahead. "Next patient, please, Nurse. When you're ready."
The proprietor, an old woman with white hair sticking out in all directions, called out to him from the back of the shop. A sleek brown tabby with white socks wound itself around her feet. "Looking for something particular?"
Sherlock was still staring at the tracks. "There’s nowhere else it could be."
"I'll ride my bike. I could do with the exercise."
They were in a holding pattern, some kind of stasis. Safe, for the time being. As safe as they could be, given the circumstances. It was up to John to figure out next steps.
They held there, for a long moment, John's mind spinning, dizzy with everything he felt, until the sound of voices came to them, from a distance, and John caught a glimpse of lights, bouncing off the tunnel outside.
The turn of phrase sent a warm certainty washing through John, as he remembered Sherlock luring him to Baker Street with the same promise. Perhaps he wasn't warning John away after all. He replied:
They really were alone.
God knew, he would have thrown it all away, if Sherlock had said yes, if Sherlock had wanted him. But it wasn't real. None of it was. Another wave of nausea swept through him, as he thought about kissing Sherlock, about how Sherlock had seemed to melt in his arms. He had imagined, for a moment, that Sherlock had seemed to want what John was doing.
Together, they made their way back down the hallway, and outside through the fire exit. John shivered, the cold wind blowing right through him, rattling his bones, as they walked around the back of the church, Sherlock supporting him. Finally, they arrived at the door that led back into the hallway by the loos, outside the reception hall. Sherlock left him just inside, then went to find his own way back into the party.
"Probably still mad at me. You have every right to be."
He pulled back, slowly, still close, too close, his features blurry in the dim light. John drank in Sherlock's mouth, his chin, his cheekbones, his pale eyes. The faint cool sensation of the place where he'd pressed his lips.
"Okay." He took a step back, scanning the other kits on the shelf one last time. "Yeah, this one, I think."
He looked up at Sherlock's face, to find him pale, his expression serious. "And then I died."
"You're brilliant, you," he told her, and kissed her cheek.
John woke up with the alarm, seven thirty the next morning, with Mark pressed up against his back, Mark's arm slung over his waist. His eyes fluttered open. He was still heavy with sleep, and a dull, aching wish that things had gone differently.
The sharp tang of petrol reached him, a splash of it landing on his arm. He needed to move, to shift, to scream.
"Mirror's back here," John said, leading Sherlock into the little sitting area. "I'm almost finished getting ready."
John parted the curtains a little more, and pressed his hand up against the glass, waiting for the figure to look up at him, wave, acknowledge that he was standing here. The beekeeper dropped something in the field, and bent down to pick it up, moving maddeningly slowly.
Bainbridge looked terrified. "Yes, Sir. I think so. I could never get a good look at him. Have to keep my eyes straight ahead, when I'm on duty."
“Good bye, Molly.”  He bends to kiss her cheek, but she pulls away.  Instead, he squeezes her arm just below the shoulder.  Her own hand comes up to wrap around just above his wrist, and she cannot help but close her eyes for just a moment.  When he drops his hand to leave, she lets him go.
Sherlock took great care with the upstairs rooms.  This nursery does not have horrid mismatched clowns and spiny trees.  He has had a garden tea-party mural painted along the wall with plenty of roses (naturally) and delicate floating bees with dotted trails behind, giving them the whimsical suggestion of flight.  It is smaller than her room now, but it is sunny in the daytime and cosy in the evenings, warmly lit with lamps and a softly-glowing nightlight. There is a cot and shelves for books and bins for toys and furniture for clothes and all the things Rosie needs, even room to grow.
Question: Why would Sherlock feel the need to kiss John in the rain simply because he now knows that John likes it?
a 221b drabble for prompt 8: Music
Sherlock regards him thoughtfully but stays quiet.
“Whoa,” John says, the differences already extremely apparent before they’ve even reached the top.  “What have you done?”
John takes a breath, ending with a long, deliberate exhale through his nose.  Oh, that’s
Sherlock retrieves his phone from his pocket at the sound of the text alert, reading as he dodges foot traffic along Baker Street, heavy now in the early evening commute.
Rosie drains the rest of her cocoa and hops down from her seat.  “Sh-lk,” She says, shimmying her little bottom, dancing. “Shk, sh--loooook.”  She knows this place.  John smiles.
allowing their knees to bump?  There’s just been so much, so much, so much wasted time.
He stands, thinking it’s past time for him to get away from this little slice of suburban domesticity, but when he does, he sways a bit on his feet. John reaches out, standing, steadying him, arm around his waist. Sherlock suddenly longs for Baker Street—for dark wallpaper and smooth leather and soft sheets and silk dressing gowns and the smell of tea and the feel of the fire warming his skin, and when he drops his head onto John’s shoulder he feels it
“Well,” John says, clearing his throat as Sherlock’s fingers flutter beneath his.  He stands, tightening his grip enough to guide Sherlock to stand with him. “Dinner’s done.”  He smiles. He steps in close. “Telly’s boring.”
“But that doesn’t mean that I didn’t feel it. That--that I
The moment is totally lost. Sherlock supposes he will have to try again later.
“What about John?” she manages.
wanted. And, then John stops thinking at all, opening his mouth, taking Sherlock’s bottom lip between his and sucking—moving to his upper lip, tongue tracing the soft skin behind it. Sherlock groans, and John feels it in his bones. Nothing is cold now, not Sherlock, and definitely not himself. His hands move back to Sherlock’s arse, this time to haul him closer, and Sherlock complies, thigh moving to exactly to the right spot between John’s thighs.
“The duct system is too
John finds the right channel and settles in.  The programme is interesting, and John comments through it from time to time.  Sherlock does turn his head to watch after a while, occasionally grunting in agreement or derision in turns.
?” he repeats.
Sherlock takes it.
Sherlock opens his eyes again in darkness. New moon. The only light is a sliver of streetlight from the parting in the curtains. The eleventh stair creaks. Sherlock sits up.
“It’s just allergies,” John says, voice like wet gravel. He takes a sip of his tea, and the warmth smooths over some of the jagged edges a bit. He hums with pleasure, but that
He listens to John pouring water and shuffling about the kitchen, watches silently as John retraces Sherlock’s own route from earlier, trying to coax in any sort of relief from outside, and falling short.  He is shirtless, and even despite the dim, Sherlock can easily see the large scar covering his shoulder.  Its texture dips and rises in the available moonlight, silver and intricate.
Sherlock doesn’t flinch.  He sighs, leaning forward in his chair, and when he clasps his hands together between his knees, John can feel air shifting over his own knuckles.  He has an impulse to reach out, to grasp Sherlock’s hands in his own, but he doesn’t.
. He moves his hands to Sherlock’s legs, rubbing them warm from thigh to calf, wrapping his fingers around the jutting bone of Sherlock’s still-freezing ankle, arch, toes. Sherlock hums again, presses himself into John, cold toes against the sides of his thighs when John puts his hands on Sherlock’s back, stroking slow circles for comfort, for warmth—but really, it’s muscle and taut flesh and so much of what John never allowed himself to want before. He’s drowning in it.
. . .
After nearly half an hour, they locate the cable. Sherlock sighs with relief. This ordeal is finally,
Sherlock knows the only way is forward.  If he’s learnt anything over the past months and years, it is that everything will change.  It is what it is. He hopes what it is--is
His own body shivers at the gooseflesh rising on the back of John’s neck.  He wants that texture under his tongue.  He cannot bear it.
,” he says again, voice raw, desperate.  He runs the tip of his nose back and forth, breathing, tasting, higher and higher from shoulder to neck to cheek, and John kisses him then, guiding them until the backs of Sherlock’s legs meet the bed.  They fall together.
“Good.”  John clears his throat a bit.  “Yeah, good,” and then it is so easy to run a hand along Sherlock’s back as he passes him on the way to his bedroom, to call softly as he pulls sheets from their packaging, shaking them from the cardboard that kept them so tightly in place, “You have anything in for dinner, or should we call for takeaway somewhere?”
When he returns to his bedroom, John is still on his bed. Only now, he is face down and snoring softly into a pillow.  His towel has come loose, revealing the very top of his buttocks, and Sherlock can’t help but stare for a moment.
John stops on the pavement and turns to look Sherlock full in the face.  His cheeks are pink from the cold, hair windblown and flopping in the front, and his smile reaches the farthest corners of his eyes, and Sherlock--loves him.
Sherlock has been in this strop for two solid days at this point, and John is tired of avoiding the lounge.  He knows Sherlock will be back in the game soon, manic and demanding and brilliant, but the waiting is getting annoying.  John worked a long shift at the surgery today.  He’s bloody knackered, and now--there is a documentary on channel four that he’d been looking forward to, and—well.  Sherlock can be in a strop, but he cannot hog the sofa.  He can bloody well
“Romance. Predictable. Manipulative. No wonder you go in for this sort of thing.”
Sherlock has to shake his head to bring himself back to the present. “Oh, erm. It is delicious, Mary, but I’m afraid I over indulged at dinner. Couldn’t possibly—another bite.” His words are coming out a bit slurred—everything running together a little too much. Mary takes their plates to the kitchen and leaves them alone again. He takes another sip, finishing off his glass.
a 221b drabble for prompt 7: Memories
John’s eyes close, cheek against his fist. Sherlock stands, brings the mugs to the sink, and switches all the lights off. He moves as quietly as he can to his bedroom where he changes into his pajamas and gets into bed. He feels heavy, bones sinking into the mattress from a force much stronger than gravity. The case is done. Sleep should come easily. It doesn’t.
“Hungry?” John asks.
It’s slightly cooler in the kitchen than the garret but not by much; the absence of a window here keeps the air stagnant.  Not wanting to wake Sherlock, he works only by the cooker hood lamp they always keep on, but the squeak of a cupboard hinge makes him wince when he opens it.  Glass down, he fills it from the filtered pitcher they keep in the fridge. His entire body relaxes into the cool slide of water down his throat.  He fills the glass again and dampens a clean dishcloth to run over his face and neck.
Eyes open, he looks down to see that he has shifted at some point in the night so that he is lying across the whole of the sofa, and Sherlock, not giving up one petty inch of territory, even in sleep, has followed suit.  Sherlock is lying mostly on his front, head tucked in just below John’s shoulder, cheek against chest, belly soft and solid against John’s hip.  He’s managed to get his legs tangled with John’s and the duvet and has one hand sandwiched between the sofa and John’s back while the other arm drapes across John and onto the floor.
Sherlock makes oversized ice cubes in the special mould he ordered online, just for this. He picks up their favourite pasta from Angelo’s and keeps it warm in the brand new cooker.  He fusses with cushions and straightens wall-hangings.
.  Every bit of him feels engulfed by the flavour, the aroma—warm, cosy, dark, dangerous—the familiar made entirely new.  Oh, this is something completely different, exceptional, something he didn’t even know he could
, who slapped my wrist a couple of times and gave a lot of encouragement and good advice.
Sherlock shrugs.  It’s possible one of John’s would have got mixed in with his.  He shifts the top box to the floor and hands John the pen he’s been using to break the tape.  John takes it and stabs through, dragging it along the seam, lifting the edges with a slight pop to break the rest.  His brow furrows.
Sherlock clears his throat.  He’d forgotten.
Also note my tag about events from s4 only being used to serve my own purposes.  In this verse, TFP never happened.
He pulled back the sheets and blankets, letting the cold air hit him, wake him up a bit. He lifted his arms up over his head, pointed his toes, and stretched. His left shoulder gave a satisfying pop. His knees and ankles cracked. His whole body felt sore, but wonderfully alive.
Cath came up to the front desk, a cup of coffee in hand. "Checking to make sure your holiday's all set?" She smiled at John. "I can't believe the two of you get three whole weeks off together."
John had been an absolute idiot.
John realised he'd been staring at Sherlock, watching him talk to one reporter, then another, without him. "Yeah. I'm fine."
, love."
He wanted more from Sherlock than this quiet acquiescence. A sudden hope leapt into view, that Sherlock might be about to object, to say that he wanted more. Surely he knew John was still in love with him. That fact was ready to burst through John's every pore, spill out from his lips. He fought a powerful urge to jump up, to yell, to beg Sherlock to fight for him.
Then again, all of that had seemed impossible, in the old days. Mark had shifted everything for John, made being with a man seem completely normal, and taught him that he deserved intimacy, of a kind that made him happy. In many ways, the John Watson of the present bore no resemblance to the John Watson of Baker Street.
John recognised the hesitation in Sherlock's speech, in his choice of words. He wasn't used to talking about his feelings. He was just as terrible at it as John had been. He would wait, and allow Sherlock to speak, in his own time.
John nodded, his heart full. "He wasn't out." He was filled with the old, familiar sensation he'd always had, in the old days, when Sherlock shared one of his stories. He loved hearing about the old cases, loved imagining what Sherlock had been like when he was younger.
On the morning of the day John was to be discharged, Mrs. Hudson came to fetch them back to town. The click of the hospital door opening, and the surprised noise she made, woke John, his eyes sliding open to see her suppressing a giggle. Sherlock was asleep in the bed with him, crushed up against John's side, his arm thrown over John's chest, his face buried in the crook of John's neck. Sunlight slanted through the window across the two of them, creating a warm bubble of comfort and healing. Mrs. Hudson backed out of the room, whispering, "I'll just give you a moment." She blew him a kiss as she closed the door.
"You don't want to."
"You suspected him all along, didn't you?"
He eyed the rest of the archive, the photos he had left to go through, and decided to try narrowing his search.
Sherlock was watching him closely, a frown coming over his features. He inhaled, sharply, and let his breath out again. He seemed to soften, then, his voice gentle. "I need to fix this, John. I need time, to get it right."
They drank again. She slung his arm around his shoulders. "I want you to know I'm prepared to be as much of a messy distraction as you need tonight," she murmured into his ear.  "I'll even dance with your gross husband."
, he replied.
Being with Sherlock, well, that had been like dwelling in some shining, ideal world of danger and drama and purpose. In their quiet moments together, John had wondered, about what it might be like to take things further, but those thoughts had been half formed, impossible to make real, and it had all fallen apart, the moment that Sherlock had leapt from the roof of Barts.
Ella watched him. His cue to elaborate on what he'd just said.
Sherlock leaned down over him, his eyes bright with tears, his hand holding John's cheek, supporting his head, and saying his name: "John. Stay with me, John. Help is coming. Please, John. I love you. I love you, and I need you to stay with me. Do you hear me, John?" Sherlock leaned down, his breath warm in John's hair, as he kissed John's forehead, and John's cheek, and his lips. "There's blood. Lots of it. I tied a tourniquet on the leg. Looks like the bleeding's slowed down." He squeezed John's hand.
Sherlock shrugged. "Oh, just occupying myself. Sometimes, it’s so hard not smoking." He tilted his head back as if to howl, exposing the long line of his neck.
Sherlock made a low, sweet noise in the back of his throat, and John kissed his lips again, chastely, gently. Sherlock pressed forward to meet him, leaning down to meet John's upturned face, and he kissed the corner of John's mouth, and sighed.
"It's like I always say, if you've found the right one, the one you click with, that's what really matters," Mrs. Hudson was telling Mark.
"Right."
"He's been great, actually. He tells me I should just go see Sherlock. Talk."
John stood outside Baker Street, looking up at the facade of the building he'd once called home.
He imagined getting Sherlock alone somehow, in some private room, some back alley, some small, separate place where he could hold him, and tell him everything that was in his heart. More than ever before, he wanted to take comfort in him, take shelter in whatever it was they might mean to each other.
"You're mad."
"Honestly, sod
Sherlock stared at him, and John saw in his eyes everything that he was feeling: the worst kind of despair, because it was tinged with hope.
, he coached himself. "Since I came out to him. I think it might be too much for him. He was pretending we were just friends, back then, in the army, just as much as I was. If I'm with a man now, then it would mean that he and I could have been more, too."
John turned out the lamp on the table beside him, and let the light from the telly wash over them, in the dark. Mark nuzzled John's neck, planting light, warm kisses across his collarbone, along the line of his jaw. John sighed, and ran his hand up and down Mark's thigh.
They'd been such fools, playing at being friends, when they'd been so much more than that, when they'd been everything for each other.
Sherlock took a deep breath. He lifted his chin. "You shouldn't be here now. It isn't safe. If they think we're still—if they think—" He closed his mouth, and took a deep breath, and started over again. "Your association with me makes you a target. You should stay away from me, John."
"What's that?"
Besides, if he was honest, he'd never been ready for Sherlock. Sherlock was a thunderstorm in human form, not someone you could count on as a soft place to land. It seemed that loving him was a recipe for pain. It had certainly played out that way.
John marvelled at his own turn of phrase, after he hit
On Wednesday, before work, John bolted down breakfast, then left the kitchen table to rummage around in the shed in the yard. Mark followed him, toast in one hand, coffee cup in the other, and watched as John shifted bins and plastic storage boxes out of the way.
John remembered the last time they'd stolen a moment together in the office, remembered kissing Mark for everything he was worth. How natural it had seemed, how caught up he'd been, in slotting their bodies together, and lifting Mark's shirt, and tracing the skin above his waistband.
Sherlock frowned down into the mug, and made a smacking sound with his lips. John fidgeted through the silence that followed.
“No. Well—yes, but. The
Oddly, Sherlock hesitates. John raises his eyebrows. Sherlock has never been remotely bashful before; this is not the first time he’s had to patch him up after a case. Sherlock swallows, and John can see his entire body stiffen even further. “Nothing I haven’t seen before,” he says, at a loss for what could have Sherlock behaving this way.
Unbetaed.  Sorry about the embarrassing mistakes ;-)
He stands and turns, and he takes a photo of his sofa.
There’s something I should say.   . . .   I always meant to say but never have, and
: memories and moments, triumphs and defeats, his
He braces his hands on the counter.
, while John is getting the things where they go.
and boring is entirely unacceptable.
, and he is just in the next room, and he is not unconscious, flatlining in the operating theatre.
“What?” Sherlock asks just as John finds the mute button again.
that John has to ask for a reason: because Sherlock spent far too long
Focus on the voice.  Find it again.  He needs air, so he finds some.
“Dinner?” John asks, shifting Rosie up a bit on his hip.
The rain is coming down in buckets while John is working at the surgery. Should Sherlock interrupt for a case? Surely, something from the website would do—a prop, an exposition, an excuse. He scrolls through until he finds something sufficient. He sends a text informing Mrs Haggard that he would be by later that day to discuss the circumstances of her missing nephew.
“Couldn’t sleep. Even London’s criminals are too hot and miserable to do anything interesting.”  He sweeps around him in a lazy, dismissive hand gesture.  With a groan, he lets his head loll fully back against his chair.  "Not sure I blame them."
I had to go.
He’s sweating again, feels it prickling along the edge of his hairline.  He shuts his eyes--and waits. Breathes in. Counts. Holds. Breathes out slow.  The thumb stays, burning, catching slightly against sweat-tacky skin.
“The whole time, Sherlock?” John repeats, firmer.
“Sherlock?”
.  He wrote.  He waited.
make God balk.
John follows him into the kitchen, and they chat about the appliances and when Mrs Hudson will be moving back in from her sister’s.  Sherlock feels the weight of his question, unasked, like lead in his pockets.
Note the rating change and tag updates!  Herein lies some smut.
He pauses to let the captions start again. “
“Good night.”
Sherlock ignores him as a large droplet of rainwater falls from his hair onto the carpet with a soft
More heart-eyes.
Exhale. Forehead against John’s chest, lips tickle from hair. Knee still at John’s leg. Inhale. Exhale. Close.
“Perhaps. But—I’m the doctor here.”
“Is that why you went away?” Sherlock asks.  “The worst things about me?” He hears a waltz, but his feet won’t move to it.  They can’t find the grounding.
“Well,” John says, sipping his tea, ignoring Mr Chattergee behind the counter.
.  Sherlock presses even closer, opens his mouth.  Sherlock’s tongue still has a chip of ice in the centre, and holy
“What?” John doesn’t understand. “I don’t want riddles, Sherlock. I want you to tell me.”
Now, though.
John’s pulse jumps against his tongue, matching the heartbeat in his own ears, the thrumming in his fingertips.  The vibrations of John’s groan reverberate along Sherlock’s lips, zinging their way down to his chest, to his gut, to his
. . .
hair.
The fingers in his hair play music to the tune of worn brocade fabric, soft leather, honey on toast. The music in his hair keeps playing.  The player strums, and the light glows gold, warm, dry, safe. It goes along in time, the light, following now, going where it’s directed.
Then, John raises the glass still in his other hand, reminding Sherlock of the matching one he holds as well.
John looks at Sherlock until he comes into proper focus.  It takes a few seconds, but there—there he is.  “There you are,” he says.  His stomach flips and churns, so he takes another sip to try and settle it down.  It works a little.
, he thinks), looking up, flaying himself open, letting it all show.  He takes one of John’s hands and places it on his own cheek, holds it there quietly, thumb stroking against John’s for a moment.  “I fucking love you, too,” and then he takes him as deeply as he can, makes it wet, sucks and bobs and uses his tongue, one hand to make up the difference, the other to tease and press.  He gluts himself on it, smiling around his mouthful at the grunts and
to Sherlock being around again.  He shakes his head to himself, plops a bag into a mug and covers it with boiling water.
.  John groans in pleasure as his jaw works around his mouthful.  He looks up at Sherlock, and at first, his eyes are bright, still brimming with the playful mischief he’d had trained on Rosie and her growing puddle of pastel goo, but they darken quickly into something else, something new.  Sherlock’s breath catches.  John’s expression is not unlike the one he has whilst steadying his gun.  Deliberate.
The open windows in the living room are fully useless, but he stands at them for a moment anyway, eager for any sort of movement, listening carefully, hopefully, for the sounds of the storm forecasted to put an end to this misery.  When this proves entirely futile, it’s to the sofa to see if he can at least find a cool spot in his Mind Palace.  It helps a little.
“Sherlock,” he says, a broken whisper.
Despite being cool for the first time in a week, Rosie fusses and squirms almost constantly.  She hasn’t slept well or long enough for days.  She very much does and then extremely does
As Sherlock continues reading, his thumb brushes over the jut of John’s ankle, and John’s head falls slowly back against his pillow. His medicine must be kicking in because his head feels light like floating, and though his chest crackles a bit when he breathes, he doesn’t cough. This—is nice.
Sherlock’s brows come together in an expression of confusion that she wouldn’t have thought him capable of.  “What about John?”
Sherlock sits very straight for about ten seconds before, apparently, officially acknowledging the continuance of the most passive territory battle in history.  Abruptly, he shifts so that he is leaning against John, pressing soundly against him, shoulder-to-shoulder and hip-to-hip, using his heels against the seat to provide even more leverage.  Sherlock thinks he can annoy John away to his armchair.  Well—
It works. John leaves the surgery without much coaxing at all, and Sherlock leads him through a day of friend-and-family interviews, lead tracking, and internet searches; Sherlock even feigns a thinking spell on the sofa while John brings him a sandwich. He has an
Oh god, how John has
Sherlock thinks about those beautiful curling breaths, about how quickly they go, dissipating into nothing by the time the next one comes.  He wants to catch one, hold it in his hand to prod at it with a finger, perhaps store it in a vial to put under a microscope slide for further examination-- but those are impossible things to want.  He cannot stop time any more than he can change the past-- the hurt and the heartache, regret, and so much loss. Is it possible for their shared darkness, so deep in too many spots, to ever be completely lifted?
When John straightens, he makes eye-contact with Sherlock, squeezing his arm where his hand had been resting.  “Thank you, Sherlock.”
. Even after the music stops, they continue because neither one of them lets go.
John watches Sherlock watching his computer screen, his eyes following the lines of the dance that John can’t see. The light from the monitor makes Sherlock’s eyes light up, bright turquoise.
This time, when John returns to the lounge, Sherlock is not reading. He is standing by the fireplace, hands in his pockets. Though it’s getting late, the sunlight is still coming through the windows at an angle. His skin looks like summer, golden and perfect, and John cannot fathom life without him, cannot fathom that this life would in any way suit him, cannot fathom what comes next—he just doesn’t know.  He has everything to lose.
Sherlock cannot help but to return the smile with one of his own.  “I’ve got Angelo’s warm in the kitchen. Are you hungry?”
“Right. Can you get your shirt off?” John smiles. “I mean—not to sound… but—we’ve got to get you out of these wet clothes.”  If Sherlock recognised the cheesy line, he doesn’t let on. He simply continues to clutch the blanket to his shoulders, fighting against the clacking of his teeth by trying to clamp down on his jaw.
John’s steps are light on the stairs.
John sits, adjusting his pillow behind him a bit, and aims the remote at the television.  The sound is far too loud when it switches on—news at top volume.  John quickly hits mute.  He can fiddle with the volume once he figures out what he wants. He flips to another channel. Soap opera.  No.  Flip.
—and Sherlock has to force his eyes open out of the bliss, to watch the face above his, so familiar and so brand new.  He lifts a hand to it, running a thumb over John’s lips, and John kisses the pad, and then, with a smile, he begins to move.  This is better than any drug, better than any case, better than anything he has ever done.
“Sherlock,” he says.  “What--” and his voice is barely a breath.  He’s past Sherlock in a beat, lips parted, eyes a bit wet as he touches the railing of the cot, traces a bee trail with his forefinger, runs a thumb along the edge of a lampshade.
Above him, in their quiet bedroom, Mark's moans turned breathy, and he tugged on John's ear, as a sign that he was about to come. John sucked him down, moving faster, squeezing the base of his cock roughly as Mark's release pulsed through him, filling John's mouth.
It all seemed familiar, as familiar as the story of how they met, and how they got together. It was just like the slow, teasing talk that had turned to flirtation, the prelude to their first kiss, offered without words, in the front hallway of John's flat. This was a new seduction, darker, much more dangerous, but John thought he could see in it a continuity with who Mark had always been. Mark had, after all, talked more like a man in love than ever, when he'd returned from his trip. He was still trying to show John who he was. Still revealing himself.
Sherlock nodded. "He's your—" He trailed off, and looked down at the floor, frowning.
Mark stood very still, by the corner of John's desk, smiling as if they were having a chat about the weather.
"No. I can't do what he does," John said. "I'm not that clever."
John squinted at Mark, watching him for any sign of hesitation, any hint that he felt strange, or badly, about any of it. "I probably will."
John thought he'd shut his door. Apparently not. The new nurse leaned against the frame, dressed in a loose-fitting cotton uniform: dark trousers, and a white, almost see-through top. Blond hair, cut short like John's, and a ruddy complexion colouring round cheeks.
Sherlock stood up, and straightened his coat, went into the driver's cab, and opened the door of the carriage.
John tried not to stare at him as Sherlock opened containers, which held rice, and some sort of vegetable stew, and bread. Finally, Sherlock sat, and looked at John, eyebrows raised, expression soft, lips pressed together in a sweet, gentle smile, before he cast his eyes downward, and folded his hands on the table.
"Any way you need, really." Sherlock smiled sadly.
It was true.
She barely refrained from asking if they thought they might have kids someday. She extracted a promise from him, to bring Mark round, as soon as the engagement was on.
A rustle came from behind him, and the sound of cautious footsteps. With it, a fresh burst of wind, and a small collection of leaves that swirled around John's feet, and tore off across the graveyard, dancing among the stones, and whipping up and over a crypt, where they skirled off into the sky.
"Best man? Best Men? Maids of Honour? Groomsmen? Groomsmaids?" Anika smiled at them.
"I expect it's over now," she said.
Mark laughed, his need pouring out in the stutter of his breath. "Left trouser pocket."
Sherlock gazed into his eyes, as he smoothed John's hair. "I promise you John, I will find you. I will never let you go. Never."
Upstairs, he found Sherlock standing at the kitchen table, wearing safety goggles, a blowtorch in one hand, and an eyeball held in a set of tweezers in the other. He applied the flame to the dangling optic nerve. It was a bizarre tableau. Performance art.
John didn't hear at all from Sherlock, in the days after his most recent visit to Baker Street, and Mark told him that he hadn't been in touch either, his expression wary, the first two times John asked. The third time, Mark took out his phone, and showed John his messenger. The last communication he'd had with Sherlock was on November 30
He'd figured it was all right. He had a change of clothes in his backpack. He'd soldiered on—it was what he did, after all, who he was—and dragged himself into his office, leaving puddles of water through the waiting room, grimacing at the pitying looks of Dr. Chakraborty, who never seemed to know whether to laugh or cry at John's terrible luck, and the earliest of the morning's patients.
"Me," Sherlock said. "Selfish." He blinked, as if running a complex mental calculation. "We could," he said. "We could work this case together, just this once. Yes. I think that would do very nicely."
John deflated a little. He'd been so caught up in trying to get to the vicar's office, that he hadn't stopped to wonder what would happen next. He'd only wanted to push on to this next step, try to bring things to a conclusion as quickly as possible.
He put the drive back into his pocket, and rushed to go back out to the lobby, wondering where in the hell Sherlock had gotten to.
He felt, with a rising sense of panic, and amazement at himself, that he absolutely did not want to die. Not just this way, in pain, while people he didn't know unwittingly murdered him. He wanted, desperately, to live. He had to see Sherlock again, had to talk to him. If he couldn't, if he didn't, it would be a tragedy for both of them, this fire, this burning.
"Why, exactly?"
"He said yes, then." Mark's eyes were bright, alert.
John studied the box for a moment longer. He liked the idea of the cameras recording to a device, but he didn't want to use his phone. He left it lying around the flat too often. William waited patiently, while John ran through a hasty, and mildly guilt-inducing, mental calculation. He should trust Mark. He did, really, all things considered. It wasn't that he needed to hide all of this from him. It was that he needed to get some control over his own life and situation.
A man's warbly voice came through the intercom. "Yes?"
"No. Thought maybe he was coming to, but he's still out," Mark told whoever he was speaking to. "Will be for another two or three hours at least. Wouldn't be surprised if it took him the rest of the day to be in any kind of talking shape. He was putting it back last night like he couldn't wait to be unconscious. Typical. Never been much for awareness."
"He lied to me about who he was, Sherlock. He got close to me with the idea that he would kill me when you came back, then changed his mind and decided to take me away from you instead."
John's hand went to his phone in his pocket. All this time, and he'd had no idea. "Why didn't you tell me?"
As much as John had been under strain, Sherlock's return had put pressure on Mark as well. It had to have done, no matter how terrific Mark was at covering that fact, no matter how much he'd tried to give John room, to have whatever reaction he needed to have.
"We're going to have to improvise," Sherlock told him, smiling at him fondly as he adjusted his coat.
Sherlock's head snapped up. "Well! They were just going."
John read the whole thing more times than he could count, feeling an uncomfortable mix of emotions. It seemed that Sherlock was interested in the wedding, invested in making it work. John had no idea what to do with that fact. He missed Sherlock terribly, would give anything to see him, but there was still distance there, a profound, incongruous awkwardness he didn't know how to fix.
"There," Arthur Davies said, taking a step back, and smoothing the waistcoat down. "Very good, so far. Wouldn't you say?"
He sighed, paced the pavement, looked down the street, thought about walking away. Rocked up on his heels, then back down again. He contemplated the glossy black paint on the familiar door, the number of the place he'd thought would always be home to him.
Sherlock, who had begun to take his frustration out on the papers littering the battered desk, paused in the act of throwing a crumpled ball of newspaper clippings to the floor. "What?"
"I've heard a thing or two."
before he could stop himself. It was probably wrong, somehow. He wasn't sure he cared.
"Oh?" John pushed down the sudden anger threatening to rise to the surface. Mark hadn't mentioned being in touch with Sherlock again.
It was vital, though. He saw that clearly. The two of them had to live, had to survive this. Live, and say whatever needed to be said, after. John could only hope that Sherlock would forgive him.
"What time did you get in?" John asked.
John listened, and laughed along with Mark's jokes, and found himself interested, genuinely interested, in who he was as a person. Slowly, tentatively, he began to feel just a little bit alive, just a little bit human. When Mark told him about realising he was gay, about coming out to his foster parents, and their absolutely not at all shocked reactions—
Sherlock pushed back from the table, and stood. He began to pace, went to the desk, and shuffled through a collection of papers. "Should have solved it by now. Then none of this would be necessary."
Mark took his hand, and led him to the stairs. Before they could make the climb to the second floor, he turned around and snogged John for everything he was worth. It was messy, all wet tongues and teeth and need, and for a brief moment John thought he would rather just push Mark down on the stairs and have him, immediately. It would probably take nothing at all for him to come in his pants. He was that hard, that desperate.
Mrs. Hudson's door opened, and she peeked around the edge of it. "Who's there?"
It became a ritual between them. For each episode Sherlock related, each thwarted attempt on his life, each criminal cell dismantled, John told him something in return.
"You invited four of your former army colleagues to the wedding, three of whom have replied to say that they're coming, leaving Major Sholto the odd one out. He lives three hours from London, so he could easily attend, but he never responded to your initial email. No response to the formal invitation, either, according to Anika. You sent a repeat email message four days ago. And you spent a night searching online for an alternative means of reaching him."
It was heavy, the shape of the racquets—Mark's favourite one, and a spare—obvious through the flexible black vinyl. He put it down on the floor, crouched over it, and tugged on the zipper to open it. The high-pitched
Wednesday afternoon, there'd been an article in the
Suddenly, powerfully, he wanted Sherlock, wanted to go to him, and tell him everything. He had the answer, after all. Mark was a key player, the key, perhaps, to unravelling the whole damn conspiracy. John and Sherlock would work together to take him down. John was free of any guilt, free of any sense of loyalty to whatever sham his relationship with Mark had been. Mark could go to hell. John would ensure he did, if he could.
He'd covered his mouth to stifle the giggle that erupted from deep in his belly, and the low choked off sound of desperation that followed it. If only he'd known, before. If only he'd been willing to own it.
"And not unwilling, either, as Mr. Drebber discovered. That was his name. The man you murdered."
John had taken the tube over, but he thought he would indulge in a cab on the way home. He needed to be alone. His mind was flying, his heart clenching with everything he felt for Sherlock.
"What are you talking about? He told me to stay away from him." He stared down at the phone in Mark's hand. The hearing in his right ear cut out, replaced by a loud buzzing sound. He took a deep breath. He was dizzy. Dizzy again. He hadn't been able to get his feet under him, since his confession in the train carriage. "Has he been in touch with you?" The words came out like he was chewing them.
He continued reading.
They'd taken his watch. He turned his head, looking for a wall clock, and saw the solitary figure sitting by the bed.
"Mark. Morstan. Doctor Watson, do you need a change of clothes?" Mark took a step forward, his muscles loose, relaxed. "I have a set of street clothes in my locker, and you, frankly, need them."
Of course he couldn't pretend that Mark didn't exist. Mark was still in his life. He'd done so much for John. A pang of guilt dropped him, unceremoniously, back into the reality of the situation. He owed Mark a lot.
John was red-faced, his hands on his knees, barely able to draw breath. He kept his voice as quiet as he could. It was high-pitched, hysterical. "He thinks I'm going to run away with him and join his gang of criminals after the wedding."
Mark squeezed John's shoulder and turned to look at the people gathered in the pews, lifted his index finger, and waved it back and forth in a cheeky gesture, clucking his tongue. More giggles, mostly from the nurses. A few rows back, Greg Lestrade leaned over and whispered something in Molly Hooper's ear. She winced, and shook her head, looking like she couldn't believe what she was seeing.
"Oh." Sherlock made no move to open it in front of him. Probably for the best. He could unwrap it later, when John wouldn't be here to watch him read the inscription, and second guess himself for using the word
"And we're going to have a talk. Right now."
Mark left for work ten minutes before John did, mumbling something about a staff meeting he had to attend.
John fought disappointment, even as he recognised that he should have been the one to talk to Mrs. Hudson.
John leaned more heavily on the desk, his heart heavy, the truth of everything he'd suffered climbing to the surface and sitting on his chest. His breath huffed out of him. He wondered if Sherlock had anything to drink. It was just approaching noon. A bit early. Still, he wouldn't say no. If he could have moved, could have managed to walk, he would have taken himself into the kitchen and looked for a bottle. Instead, he looked out the window, and ended up staring at the thin layer of dust that coated the sill.
Once he was alone and out on the street, John left his helmet strapped to his backpack, reckless, needing the sensation of the winter air in his hair, the slap to his face of the gusts of wind, and the cold, thin rain that began to fall. He needed the reminder, sharp and harsh, that he was still alive, that he wasn't stuck, that he was doing everything for a good reason, that it was all part of his plan.
"And not against the world. For each other."
John took a deep breath, and composed a reply. He wasn't done with the conversation. He would probably never finish wanting to talk to Sherlock. He needed him to know that. He couldn't say what he wanted to say, but he could start tying up loose ends.
Mark looped his arm around John's, and spoke to him in a hush as he led him back to the cabin. From the outside, it appeared to be a shabby affair, small, the roof overgrown with moss, the boards of the exterior walls rotten.
It wasn't that he felt he had to make the dream up to Mark. It was more, he always felt like he had to make something up to Mark, always felt like he was playing catch up. He'd been so broken, when Mark walked into his life.
Late the night before, he'd gotten an email from Greg, a half-arsed invitation to a stag do, on Thursday, two days before the wedding. Nothing fancy, nothing too embarrassing, just drinks at a pub. Reading between the lines, John sensed, without being sure, that Sherlock had delegated this particular task.
Mark's eyebrows lifted. He laughed, and sat up, and stared. "John? You feeling okay?"
John slid all the way in, and gave himself up to the heaving, sighing body beneath him, and his own body's needs, which pressed him forward, as he rocked into Mark, the wet heat of him urging John on, hard as hell, and he rode Mark, pushing into him with everything he had, over and over.
A cascade of associations rolled through him, as a sick feeling built in the pit of his stomach. How heavily he'd slept, on other nights, these past few weeks, unable to wake up properly in the morning, sometimes hitting snooze on the alarm multiple times. Not blinking awake in the night, not remembering his dreams, just dropping off like he wasn't full of regret or misery or trouble. A complete contrast to his usual light, disturbed patterns.
He handed the torch to John, then closed his eyes, screwing them shut, his hands fluttering on either side of his head, consulting his internal maps. John waited, watching as Sherlock went deeper into himself, knowing that he could stare openly, and Sherlock wouldn't notice.
Arthur Davies squinted at him, from behind his thick glasses. "Have a wonderful wedding, Doctor Watson."
, a set of observations about the minister's personal habits that might interfere with his ability to deliver an effective service, and suggestions for ensuring he remained in good trim. There was a cryptic note, appended to the end, which made John's heart squeeze in his chest:
John found himself nodding. "Okay. Yeah. All right."
He decided to append a note to the bottom of it.
Maybe this trip to Scotland was a good indicator of Mark's state of mind. Maybe there was something more behind it.
"So are you!" Mark shouted back, and he laughed.
Then Sherlock was breathing life against John's lips, and pressing a slow, gentle kiss there. John shuddered as he responded, cold and warm all at once, his limbs trembling with the shock of his injury and the revelation unfolding between the two of them, their agreement:
Arthur Davies nodded. "Oh yes. I fitted him for his first proper suit, when he was a lad. Ten years old. All arms and legs." He smiled at John through his thick glasses. "And look at him now. Grown, and with such good friends."
"Amazing." Mark poured himself a cup of coffee, and settled in at the table. He crowed about the food, and chattered about some former workmate he'd run into at the gym.
They came to him first as muffled sounds: Mark's firm, sharp tenor, and Sherlock's rumble of a baritone. John's breath quickened, and the urge to rush forward surged through him, making every nerve fibre twitch, and his heart bang in his chest.
"Like Tom did." John kept his voice steady.
The man in the grey jacket took one look at John and bolted, pushing through a group of people just coming off a tour bus. John followed, weaving through the crowd, finally getting close enough to grab the back of the man's jacket. He kicked him, hard, in the back of his knee, collapsing his leg. The man stumbled, and sprawled on the pavement, his phone skittering across the concrete, as he shouted that John had stabbed him.
, triggered some inner longing, a high sweet ache. To live. To try to be happy.
"I might just do that." John smiled, despite the total invasion of his privacy. Because of it. He hadn't stopped thinking about Sherlock at any point in the last few weeks. It seemed that maybe Sherlock had been thinking about him as well.
The notes ran on, revealing incredible levels of detail and consideration. John's chest clenched at one of them:
Mark sat up, his smile crooked, his eyebrows quirked. "I assume you will, you know."
Mark's hand rubbed John's shoulder, the back of his neck. "Well, if it started as a joke, it didn't end that way. He looked as bloody surprised as you."
"Agra, John. Agra, India." Sherlock was on his feet, pulling his phone out of his pocket. "Vacation, you say. Are you sure you weren't there on assignment, Agent Violet Smith, of the CIA?" He held up his phone, which displayed a scan of an official looking photo ID, with Cath's picture on it.
He found, when he tried to speak, that his throat was so tight he could barely manage it. This was the declaration on the train carriage, all over again, but this time, he wasn't losing his mind. He felt clearer, more sane, than he'd been in a long while.
"John, no. Please don't be upset, John." Sherlock's hand fell on the back of John's neck, rubbing the muscle there, as his other hand passed over John's shoulder.
"He’s been working for North Korea since 1996."
"Aren't they always? Aren't circumstances always particular?"
Wiggins nodded, shuffled from one foot to the other, and started humming tunelessly.  John turned his back on him, and stuck his finger in his ear, so he could hear whatever Sherlock had to say.
He really was beautiful, all lean compact muscle, his grin feral as he bit his lower lip.
John smiled as he typed his response.
John smiled at him, and slid his arm around Sherlock's waist, and pulled him close, his own heart ready to burn through his chest, his entire body feeling better, and lighter, than it had in a long while. Sherlock looked down into his eyes, and the two of them held there. John found himself watching Sherlock's lips, watching as Sherlock's breath seemed to catch in his throat.
John squeezed Mark's hand. He rubbed the callus at the base of Mark's right thumb, the matching callus on his forefinger, products of his racquetball habit. The map of Mark's hands, familiar to John. "That's new. You, and washing up."
The dregs of their argument fell away, and a thin trickle of relief came in, and John felt the old, familiar sense, that he was caught up in Sherlock's rhythms again. Sherlock put his phone away in his jacket pocket.
"Cross stitch and embedded GPS," she told Sherlock.
John licked his lips. Mark's gaze dipped down to watch the passage of the tip of his tongue.
"Ah. Won't be blowing up your phone any more, then."
John typed,
"We've already established this," Sherlock said. "It's about taking John away, but he doesn't want to go. Game over. Thank you for playing. Mark had his chance, and, to put not too fine a point on it, blew it. Let's call it done." As he spoke, Sherlock sounded more and more agitated.
"John Watson in need of rescue? Save him."
Sherlock's face fell. "I see it's a bit much, coming back like this. Might have given you a heart attack. Probably still will, but—" He turned to look as Mark came back to the table, following a busboy, who brought them an extra chair.
"You're going to have to make it up to them, for both of us," Mark told John. "I think you're obligated to have something. Besides, your sister's already got a good start on you. Why don't you join her?" His gaze slid over toward the bar, set up just outside the reception hall.
Sherlock smiled at him, shaky, his eyes wet. "I suppose. Humanises me." He slurred the words a bit.
"Well, the army's a strange place. The things you have to do, the way you have to work with people. It depends on forming very deep bonds, of a very specific kind, and leaving other stuff out." Friendship was fine. Camaraderie encouraged. Not more. Not love.
John was falling out of his chair. No: he was on his feet, while the restaurant fell around him. He looked, although he was half blind, at Mark, whose eyebrows were raised, the smile he got when he was about to make a joke playing on his lips.
He took a deep breath. Sherlock Holmes was in London, home again, where he always should have been, and there was nothing that could keep John Watson from Baker Street, except his own stupid hesitation. He breathed out slowly, took a little turn on the pavement, straightened his shoulders, and stepped toward the door.
He checked the downstairs closet to see if Mark's racquet bag was there, where he normally kept it. It was the most likely place for Mark's gun, and whatever else he took with him, when he went out on assignment.
Mark smiled at John, laughter playing across his lips. "You've been avoiding him. Avoiding popping the question."
The truth was with John, suddenly and completely, as clear as if it were standing in the corner of the kitchen, waiting for him to see it. He'd been blaming Sherlock for everything because he'd missed him, been missing him, terribly.
John stared at him, hating himself for what he was about to say. "Look at it this way. All I have to leave behind are a couple of addicts. About time I got on with it."
"Really?" John turned the box over in his hands. The blurb on the side of it hadn't looked any different from the other boxes on the shelves in front of him. "Why this one?"
George nodded. "I remember. It was just this morning."
Sherlock was contrite, polite. As he bloody well should be. He would give room to John, and whatever John wanted. And John knew exactly what he should want: to follow through on what he'd started, ask Mark to marry him, and get on with his life.
Their eyes met, and for a moment, the whole terrible ordeal they'd been through hung in the air between them, heavy and burdensome. Then it popped, like a bubble.
He typed a reply.
Sherlock frowned. "But he's a freelancer."
Violet stepped toward the door. "Okay. Thank you. It's most likely that Mark has given you gamma-hydroxybutyric acid, or an analogue. Because it's a patch, the time for it to peak in your system is going to be a bit longer than if you'd consumed it orally, but it looks to me like you're most of the way there. The party is a good cover for this drug. It hits the system a lot like alcohol. No one's watching how much you're drinking, so they'll assume you've overdone it."
Mark paused by John's side to give his shoulder a squeeze, sat back down in his chair, and straightened his jacket. "You okay?"
"All right. Whatever you need." Mark let go of John's hand, and slipped his arm around John's shoulder.
"You're a formidable man, John." Mark kissed the back of his neck.
"No shame in needing a bit of time, John," Mark told him. "Well, I expect you'll be tired. Let's get you back inside."
"It would appear so."
Sherlock had put so much care into choosing John's clothes. John had always done his best to dress in a way that worked for him, but he looked better, by a long shot, than he ever had. The irony of it all, the bloody tragedy, rolled over him, as he realised that the thing he wanted most in this moment was for Sherlock to be here. John wanted, more than anything, to see the expression on Sherlock's face shift, as he saw John, dressed in the clothes he had picked for him.
"Six months ago. That's where I was. In Serbia. Until—recently." Sherlock, still wielding the poker, used it to stab at the brickwork.
John and Mark celebrated Christmas together, at home, just the two of them. At three in the afternoon, after their gifts to each other were opened, John stood at the kitchen counter, watching a thin, light snow dusting the back garden.
As he rode, he thought about the way that his own flat, with its own warm glow, had seemed like a trap to him, even before Sherlock had returned, before he'd found out who Mark really was. He'd blamed himself, blamed the way he'd grown up, for his discomfort with the idea of settling down. In the bright and dangerous light of the present, he could admit that he'd been afraid that he would be slowly digested by that quiet life, until he fit, until the parts of himself that were different, that needed adventure, that craved the nerve-peeling risks that were always part of life with Sherlock, were melted away.
"I'm not upset. Just a bit overwhelmed."
Sherlock leaned forward, perched on the edge of the desk chair. "The man who was at the bonfire? Explain."
A cold disgust rose up in John. He was totally repelled by Mark, by the idea that he could ever shift in Mark's direction, but it was worth the proximity, the mingled breath, and giving Mark exactly what he wanted, to be able to ask the next question. "Who's that?"
Sherlock's ellipsis flared into life, then disappeared again, leaving John to wonder if he'd said too much. He didn't know what Sherlock truly needed, or how much he would accept, or what he wanted, what he would want. How he might like to be treated. How he would like to be handled.
Sherlock looked flattened in his black suit jacket, his face pale, his eyes downcast. "I thought I would make an impression," he said. "Surprise you."
Mark guided him to the table.
"Let's go." Violet moved to the door of the vicar's office, hand poised to open it.
Now, in the vicar's office, waiting for Sherlock, John's eyes fell on the burner phone, which he'd left perched on the arm of the sofa, after the brief text exchange he'd had with Sherlock earlier. The sound of voices filtered down the long hallway from the chapel. The wedding guests were arriving, probably taking their seats. John fished his comb from the bag of stuff he'd brought with him, and ran it through his hair one last time. He was ready. He thought he was.
Suddenly, it was the worst of the past, all over again. John couldn't say what he needed to say, couldn't explain what he needed, and Sherlock was hurting him all over again, making his decisions for him.
None of that mattered now. John had the facts of the situation, had almost everything he needed. In another forty-eight hours, he would have his hands on the flash drive, and he and Sherlock would have something concrete they could take to the authorities.
Okay. John couldn't blame him. He'd broken Sherlock's heart. They'd both been broken, by time and circumstance, and the terrible things they'd had to do. It was time to try to fix it.
"Come on me," Mark urged, as John's breath caught in his throat. "Come all over me."
Sherlock frowned, his lower lip pouting, full and ripe. "It's all right, John." The words came slowly. "I don't mind." He nodded, a microscopic gesture, as if grasping some internal source of strength and determination. "I can do it."
"You have a nice night?" Slurring his words, as he crossed the room.
The snow had melted immediately after Christmas, and the weather had turned a bit balmy. John rode through puddles in the gutter, pushing his speed, wondering what the next few days would bring.
Finally he left the flat, the book he'd bought for Sherlock tucked under his arm. While he rode the tube, he scrolled through Sherlock's email until he found a case that felt just right, a request for help sent by a man called Stephen Bainbridge.
"This wedding, Sherlock, it's a sham."
He shivered as he remembered Sherlock's voice, calling his name, reaching him through the flames.
White blinds were drawn down over all the windows, but a yellow glow lit them from within. John took a deep breath, and held it, suddenly as nervous as any man on a date with the love of his life.
Yesterday's ride had cleared his head. He smiled. It had been a while since he felt like himself.
John frowned down at the pavement. He nodded, still furious, burning with rage. He didn't know what Mark thought, what Mark imagined the situation to be, but he was almost certain what Sherlock was trying to do.
"You two," Cath told him, after watching them stare at each other over coffee in the break room. "You might as well be married already."
"All right."
"Yeah, he wouldn't tell me either."
The sound of the ticking wall clock filled the space between them, each second that passed stretching John's determination thinner and thinner, threatening to tear it to shreds. If it broke, he knew he would be very much in danger of confessing everything, all over again.
The sliver of hope that had been sitting with him, nestled in his chest since the night before, burst into full, bright, painful glory. He didn't believe, not for one moment, that Sherlock would bring them down into the dark, if it only meant their deaths.
John went upstairs to finish getting ready, brushing his teeth, and sliding an extra shirt into his backpack, to change into, before he took the tube to Baker Street, tonight.
Appended below that:
John nodded. Soon, he would have to sit up, would have to transfer to a stretcher, and be carried out of the woods. He squeezed Sherlock's hand. "You'll stay with me?"
John worried, as he stepped over the threshold, that Sherlock would know, would read, somehow, the entire history of the last few days in John's posture, in his tone of voice, in the thread dangling from the hem of his jumper, or the way he'd tied his shoelaces.
The third time John had been up in the night, mind spinning through the implications of his discoveries about who Mark really was, raging through a whole host of scenarios and their possible, mostly frightening solutions, he'd ended up contacting Greg with a request for information on Thomas Baccarin, using his phone so as not to leave a record in the keystroke logging software. He'd told him it was for a case, for Sherlock. He'd imagined that he might find something in the official record that he could use, if he had to confront Mark. Something he could throw at him, something that might throw him off.
"John!" Sherlock's voice carried a high note of surprise. He stepped onto the coffee table, and down onto the floor, stumbling a bit, as if his knees didn't quite want to support him.
One of the nurses, Allie, punched John on the arm. "So? We were just saying how wonderful you two look together. How does it feel to be hitched?"
"I know what you're doing," John murmured, keeping his voice low. "Trying to draw me in. Takes more than that, these days, Sherlock Holmes. You'll have to buy me dinner first."
In the front pew, Harry was biting her lip, looking like she was ready to commit a murder all her own.
After the third day, John's strength began to return, and he was able to stay awake longer and longer. Sherlock took full advantage of every moment of consciousness, climbing into the narrow hospital bed to stretch himself out beside John, winding their fingers together, and telling him about the things he'd done during the two years of his exile. He shared the good and the bad: the times he'd had to do things that still haunted him, a tremor coming into his voice; the times terrible things had been done to him, which he reported in carefully neutral tones.
grumpussssss:
Slowly, thanks to Mark, John came to understand everything he'd wanted, during his time with Sherlock. He came to understand that he'd been deeply in love.
"Look, I don't want to be awful, but he's too polished for you," Bill said, looking at Mark. "Your favourite people tend to be a little bit on the rusty side."
His mind sifted dully through the things Sherlock had said, looking for assurances, for some positive sign. Sherlock cared. He did. He had saved John's life, when he jumped from the roof of Barts, and John hadn't known it. He was still trying to save John's life.
. There was no reason why he shouldn't use that word. It wasn't just him. It wasn't Sherlock, alone. It was the two of them, the two of them together, that mattered.
John cleared his throat. The case. The bomb. The imminent danger. He should focus on that, not on the rough torrent of potential pleasures threatening to overwhelm him. "You sure?"
God. He hated himself.
"I just met your parents."
It was from Sherlock.
He reminded himself that he'd behaved horribly. He couldn't expect anyone else to do better, but this discovery, that Mark and Sherlock had been talking all along, like they were friends, and John was somehow secondary, was profoundly unexpected. "Fine. Let's talk about today. First I'm not supposed to be seen with him, and now, suddenly, I'm going to Baker Street? What makes it okay now?"
The voice from last night's dream returned to him:
Mark sighed against John's bare upper lip, and ran his tongue across it. His hands roamed, as John opened his mouth to Mark's tongue, and slotted his thigh between Mark's legs.
Sherlock smiled, sadly, pressing his lips together, as if he were trying to be stoic, trying to do the right thing. Then a bit of the devil came into his eyes, and he cupped John's face in his hands, and he nodded, as if agreeing with something John hadn't said.
The text was from Sherlock.
John stopped at the front desk before heading into his office. Devi, who was on reception this week, didn't seem to be in yet. Hands shaking, John opened the duty roster file on the computer, and checked it.
Reading about the case had made him wish he'd been able to help with it, so he could write it up. He missed the blog. He'd even thought of a title:
John made a gruff sound in the back of his throat, glancing up at the neighbours' upper windows.
John was half hard, his body responding to the touch, and the adrenaline, but that fact only made him feel colder inside. He took Mark by the wrist, squeezing the bones together until he saw the first hint of a wince in the corner of Mark's eyes. He put Mark's hand back on the edge of the counter, and pressed against it, to hold it there. "Had a talk, did you?"
He went into the kitchen and put coffee on. He was watching it drip down into the pot, mesmerised, wired, when his phone pinged with a text alert.
, as John reached a tentative hand for Mark's prick; murmured
In all the time he'd spent thinking about Mark over the last few days, running strategies and steeling himself for what was to come, John hadn't imagined this scenario, hadn't thought about how far he might have to take things, how thoroughly he might have to fake it. Mark shifted, and sighed, and kissed him again, pressing up against him. He cupped John's face with his hand. The intimacy of that gesture, and the fondness it implied, sickened John.
. He'd called Tom his ex, the man he'd been with before he'd met John. John felt a dropping sensation in the pit of his belly, the first real fear he'd felt since the bonfire. Mark had killed the man he'd previously described as his partner.
The world wasn't always about white hats and black hats. It was murky and uncertain, and he'd been trying to get some control over it, pretending that he could solve everything with a few cameras. But the terrible mess he'd made had nothing to do with kidnapping and murder and life and death. It was about wanting, and not having, and having something else instead.
John stood, and took a couple of tentative steps forward. He nodded, accepting confirmation of his own suspicions. "Last night. That was them."
John looked out through the car window, took a deep breath, and let it out slowly. He wasn't sure what would happen, if he and Sherlock were given the chance to speak again. He wanted, desperately, to go further with the conversation they'd started in the greenhouse, but he couldn't afford to lose focus, not now.
John knew he was staring. Cases. Unsolved cases. He struggled to keep up with the way Sherlock's mind moved, ricocheting from one thing to another. "You'll figure it out," he said. "We'll find whoever's behind it. You will. You're brilliant. Only a matter of time until you get it."
Worse yet, he'd waited through Thursday and Friday for some word from Sherlock, some sign. He had hoped, desperately, that the interview was part of some ruse, and Sherlock would come crashing back into his life with a call or a text or a visit, demanding that John join him on a case. No word came.
There were three messages from Mark in his notifications.
Mark approached, and put his arms around John's waist, and nuzzled the side of his neck. "I know this is confusing as hell," he murmured. "Just—let's have dinner. Take some time. You can sort it out in the morning. Or next week. Whenever."
He'd had a sweet tooth. People didn't know that about him. Just John, and Mrs. Hudson.
The two of them looked at each other, and John was sure he saw a thousand doors slamming shut in Sherlock's eyes, as John's phone pinged again, and again, followed by the sound of a second message coming through for Sherlock.
John's shoulders dropped, a bubble of pride filling his chest, his whole body slipping into a familiar feeling, of being Sherlock's second in command, belonging with him. He hadn't forgotten himself. Almost, but not quite. Not entirely.
John needed this. He needed the tangible reminder that this was his lover, his intended, this man, who was here for him in all the ways that really mattered, all the ways that Sherlock never could be. John needed this: the warm, moaning body beneath him, but also the way Mark laughed away his faults, and made it all okay, somehow, for John to not quite be what he thought he should.
John followed it, wondering what elaborate plot Sherlock was working on now, without him. The wall was covered in scrawled notes and schematic drawings. "New case?"
"No." Sherlock hadn't said anything about keeping communication open. He hadn't reached out. He hadn't tried. A slow, burning humiliation moved through John. He felt more alive, and more horrible, than he had at any point during the last three weeks. "What has he said?" He suspected the answer would be like drinking seawater—unhelpful, ultimately harmful—but he was dying of thirst, and he needed to know.
John had no idea what he was doing. The whole conversation was off its moorings. "Oh, you meant literally."
John nodded. He had a feeling, rich and warm, running through him, of the old magic mingling with something entirely new. "Are you ready?" He put his hand on the doorknob.
The two of them walked on toward 221B, in silence, as hope bloomed savagely in John's chest, a new, brighter, more durable flame. The idea had never occurred to him, in the old days, that Sherlock might have been just as unsure as John was, about what he wanted, about what John wanted. Sherlock had always seemed so certain of everything.
Mark was still out. John put the book on the kitchen table, fetched a pen, sat, and ran his hand across the worn leather cover. Just far enough beyond caring to second guess himself, he wrote,
Mark chewed the inside of his lip. "Because it's practical. He thinks it would make a good story. You and me, getting married. Him endorsing it, then maybe making a scene. Leaving the wedding early. To clarify, for the people who might still be watching, that you and he aren't—getting along."
He put his arm around Bill. "You want to meet Sherlock, yeah?"
John's head was spinning, as he followed Sherlock down to the street door. He should have trusted him, to sort it out, to find a way for them to be together, even if it was dangerous, even if there were risks. He found himself grinning, simple, stupid joy bubbling up to the surface. "Sorry, what's happening?"
John combed his fingers through Mark's hair. The two of them lapsed into silence. John drifted, his head heavy, his eyes closed, until Mark spoke again.
"Fine. You?"
John exhaled heavily, allowing himself a moment of relief, before he peered out through the window beside the door, to see Mark disappear along the edge of the cottage, moving to where he had parked the van. After a moment, the alarm stopped, and Mark, gun raised, used a tree for cover for a moment, peered out from behind it, then slipped away into the woods.
If he and Sherlock never made it back to each other, Sherlock would know, at least, that much. That he had meant everything to John. That he had been perfectly capable of making John happy.
John's insides crawled. He tried on a smile. "I suppose it isn't, really—going to change, I mean. We already live together. We're basically going to attend church, have a party, and go on holiday. After that, we'll carry on living together."
Mark had paused for a long time, then nudged John's elbow with his own. "I don't need to know that you're the famous John Watson, to know you're a mess. Look at you."
Mark gasped, and closed his eyes, as John pressed his hand against him. "Originally there was only one plan. I was supposed to watch, and, when the time came, and it was certain that Sherlock still cared about you, to take you out."
At the sound of his name, John raised his head.
"I thought you said it was safe here. No one knows about it."
The high-pitched noise that came out of the dignified older woman, with her hair smoothed into an updo, all tidy in her dark coat with its gold brooch, was nothing short of shocking. She stood, and tossed her purse onto the coffee table, and walked toward John with open arms.
Outside, Mark was busy talking with a couple of the nurses. He smirked as John came out of the nave. Not willing to be cowed, John approached him, and slipped his arm around Mark's waist.
He could hear voices: people talking, laughing. A crowd.
"Thank you," Sherlock said.
He looked up in time to see Mark standing at the top of the stairs. Mark scanned the restaurant, eyes moving over the gathered patrons, as if he were looking for someone. John wondered if he should wave. Silly git, forgetting where they were sitting. He was probably nervous too.
Steeped in the logic of the dream, he reached for the warm body beside him, expecting, somehow, to find Sherlock there, still slack with sleep.
"I want to know where I'm going. What I'm doing with the rest of my life. I want to know who I'm meant to be working with. What you're capable of."
He should have said no, but he couldn't deny her anything, not when he'd hurt her feelings so badly.
"You think I'm nervous?" A bad question. Ridiculous, given that John was about to crawl out of his skin at the hint of talk about the wedding. His knee bounced under the table.
Whatever happened next, John was determined to keep the details of his discoveries away from Sherlock. The murder of Baccarin's wife proved to John that Sherlock was in just as much danger as he was. If Mark had set his sights on John as a new partner in crime, then Sherlock could become collateral damage, just like Olivia Baccarin had.
And, it’s out of his mouth before he can stop it. “Do it yourself,” John says, and when he does, he steps forward, just a bit.
John lets out a breath through his mouth. “It’s all rather unglamourous around here, I’m afraid,” he says, laying it out. He steps forward anyway—hoping.
“I really don’t,” John says.  And then, voice a low rumble that makes Sherlock shiver, “We’ll bloody well figure it out.”
“Rock climber!” Sherlock says. “Rappel line.” His fingers fly over the keypad. There is the
Though, as he comes more and more awake, he notices where he is, registers the actual room around him--alarm clock glow, baby monitor hum, old pipe clang.  He inhales the new paint smell, listens to the quiet of Baker Street at arse-thirty AM through the open window. Then,
He notices that Sherlock’s teeth have stopped chattering when Sherlock turns to him, tilting his face up to John’s. He’s close enough that John feels Sherlock’s shaky breath against his heated face, and he doesn’t know why, but his hands come up to rest against the sides of Sherlock’s neck. Christ, he’s still so cold. Sherlock hums, stretching, pressing into the warmth of John’s fingers. Sherlock is still shivering, but less so now, which John takes as a positive sign. He rubs little circles just below Sherlock’s jaw with his thumbs, feeling himself smile. “Better?” he asks.
What is he waiting for?
She knows he knows—
“That utter pap from yesterday evening! You shushed me. Said the rain thing was the best part. Was it the sex?”
He pads back into the living room and falls to the sofa, back to the world. John is still watching the television. Sherlock sighs. John does not ask him anything. John doesn’t even make him a cup of tea. Sherlock is cold and frustrated and
“Shut up.”
“Just turned eight last Thursday.”
The sound that comes from John’s throat sounds like a growl.  He swallows dryly.  “You planned my wedding,” John says, and his face falls and falls as he puts the pieces together, begins to understand.
a 221b drabble for prompt 5: Believe
, as he’s taken to calling it since… well, since his pregnant wife shot his best friend in the heart.  Jesus Christ.
say.  It’s far too easy to be honest when you believe yourself to be shouting into the void.
Rosie is sleeping, sweaty curls stuck to her forehead, but her breathing is sweet and even. John adjusts the angle of the little fan by her window and steps right back out, not wanting to tempt fate (or rather, a soundly sleeping toddler).
Sherlock nods. John drops his hands and shifts a bit, sitting down properly.
Sherlock eyes him sharply, glaring, but wipes at his face.  Then, he plops back down, right in the centre of the far cushion—where he
“I want you to see this room as well.  And, before you do... I know that I-- I mean to say--”  Again, Sherlock is stumbling over his own words, brain fighting with the pounding of his heart.
From the living room, John’s phone pings with a text message. They both know who it’s from.
He knows, he
, he thinks, putting up a wobbly index finger in front of his own face in reprimand.  And then he does laugh—a high, throaty thing that sounds manic to the small portion of his brain that knows exactly what he is doing.
.  But it
Sherlock stands beside him and peers inside.  He feels the breath leave his lungs, his face blanch.  The shoebox.  His fingers reach in to touch the surface of it.
They wrangle a squirmy, protesting Rosie into her pushchair, sun lotion applied, hat on, and finally out to the pavement.  She quiets the very moment they start moving, settled by getting a bit of breeze against her sweaty face.  They do their best along the crowded footpaths, moving through and with the throngs of other people out here for the same reason that they are.
Bees.
Clearing his throat, John follows suit, dragging the other chair behind, close enough that he has to spread his knees to accommodate the space of Sherlock’s body in front of him.
“Sh,” John says.
Sherlock shakes his head once and steps over the threshold smoothly. “Won’t be necessary,” he says, trying to recover with a crooked smile. John points to the bottle in his hands, and Sherlock holds it out to him stiffly. “I remembered that this was your favorite,” Sherlock says. But how much has changed since then? Is it still? Perhaps John’s taste has moved on to some new variety in the past two years.
good.”
In the kitchen, John wastes no time picking up the plates and setting them down at the table, shifting miscellaneous glassware and two days’ of newspapers out of the way for both of them.  Sherlock pours the now-boiling water into the waiting mugs and brings them to the table with milk and sugar.  Once sat, he eats, letting the crunch of vegetables and crisps fill the silence.
John will never stop craving this.
is. The couple argues. Emotionally wrought? A misunderstanding. Cleared up with one sentence. Sherlock snorts.
“Just a bit of fun, I reckon,” John says.
“Well, I’m sure you’ll have it worked out in no time.”
. He does it again.
She’s in the middle of a diatribe on what is likely the latest nursery school scandal, or her plans for world domination, sincerely moved by
The world sways just a bit when he stands.  He closes out his tab, assures the lady behind the bar that he has no intentions of driving, and then he is walking on wobbly legs into the chill of the night.  He doesn’t fancy going home, so he turns away from the house.  As he walks by a bus stop on the pavement, he laughs out loud as a bus screeches to a stop just as he arrives.  Fucking hell.  Why not?
John breathes, lets the moment linger, lets himself enjoy it.  He feels his own lip curl, just a little. “Would you mind helping Rosie wash her hands?  I’ll lay the table.”
Yeah.  Yes.  I’m fine.
Sherlock hums, a noncommittal sound that could mean anything at all. It’s a deflection, but he doesn’t care. He can’t think about work in this room (can’t
. He turns on his heel, taking his tea with him to the sofa.   As he sips, without particularly intending to, he pictures John’s lips around the rim of his cup, the way the tea lingered there, on the fullest part of his bottom one, until John licked it away.   Interesting. He presses his fingertips together and
supposed to mean?  The taxi drives off before John can say anything, so John shrugs his shoulders to himself and starts the chilly walk home, bending his head down to keep his face out of the drizzle.
“That doesn’t bother me, though.  Never has.” And the scent that fills his nostrils is strong--warm, well-worn, and so very close.  Soft wool and tea steam and the smell of carefully controlled fire. It crackles. It feels like home, that voice.  He can touch it with his fingertips if he reaches, soft like velvet. Behind his eyelids, the colours shift and shimmer like lights underwater.
Sherlock’s soft breath sounds from just behind him, just over his head,
Sherlock flops somewhat gracelessly into his own chair opposite.
is all.”
Slowly, he turns.
Ah. “Well, it’s telly. It’s not meant to be fair,” John explains.
“Are those the worst things about me?” he asks, genuinely curious.
. He goes up the stairs two at a time. Sherlock’s fingers come to touch his own lips as he blinks the rain from his eyes. He smiles. He follows.
Everything is loud and blue and blue and blue and
Sherlock rings the bell and waits. He fiddles a bit with the wine bottle in his hands, fitting his thumbnail into the edge of the foil around the base of its neck. He doesn’t wait long.
This box appears to be one of several that Mycroft’s minions packed years ago, from the house on Montague Street.  Before rehab. Before John. An entire lifetime ago. He can hear a clock tick somewhere, and he thinks about the time passed, so much happened to leave him back almost exactly where he’d started--in a cluttered flat, alone.  Well, minus the drugs of course (now, finally, for good this time).
John lets out a humourless chuckle. “Oh, yeah. ‘M having to beat them off with a stick. Women absolutely love coming back to a flat that reeks of noxious gas or is filled with the stink of putrefying muscle tissue. Really sets the mood.” John realises his drink is done, so he goes off to get one last round for them.
“John.” Sherlock’s voice is a warning, a plea, a breathy growl, and he knows he should temper this sort of thing, maintain the status quo they’ve been so careful at keeping, but—
.  He keeps eyes locked on Sherlock’s as he uses his tongue to catch a stray bit of chocolate that has clung to his top lip.
He doesn’t want to die.
“Rosie’s with Harry, you said?”
“Good,” Sherlock says.  “Really good.”
“Here,” John says. “I’ll do it,” and he does, working as quickly as he can to get buttons through buttonholes that have apparently managed to shrink with the wet. When he finally gets them all undone, the fabric sticks to Sherlock’s skin as though it were glued on. John peels it away with an unpleasant, sucking
“Stay,” Sherlock says against his ear, velvet soft, lips and humid warmth brushing just there, brushing, brushing.  “Stay.”
“Too right. We did the whole cake and balloons thing and had about one million kids from Emma’s class over to stain the carpets and sofa the colour of blueberry squash.” He’s smiling as he talks. “It was a good do, though. They made fairy wands and sang Disney songs. Pretty sure I’ll be finding glitter in my hair until I’m about eighty.”
“It’s romantic,” John says.
“It’s all right, sweetness,” John tells her, and he wheels the pushchair away enough to keep her foot from trailing in the mess, pulling wet wipes from the pushchair pocket to do the best he can with them.  “I think it’s best we head back home, yeah?”
“You had a row with Mary.”  Sherlock isn’t asking.
“That’s what happens when you sit out in the freezing drizzle for two hours, genius.”
He and Harry catch up briefly, making plans for Boxing Day, and then she leaves.
Conclusion: He must kiss John in the rain.
After it’s done, John takes his used plate to the kitchen and considers going on up to bed, but he’s not quite ready yet, so he puts the leftovers in the fridge and finishes his washing up.  He hears the sound of the television cutting off and half expects Sherlock to be up and moving (finally), but when John returns to the lounge, Sherlock is back to his official strop position—taking up the whole of the sofa, toes near to pointed so as to occupy as much space as possible.
She leaves for work early, hoping for a distraction.  Having her wrists deep in poor Mrs Kellings, unknown cause, will require more of her than just sitting here, thinking too much about things she cannot change, willing her twisting stomach to settle.
Even so, he sees this move as a new start, a happier one to be sure, so without the dramatics of last time, he spends Thursday afternoon at the shops.  Sherlock offered to watch Rosie during the day, so it feels something of a luxury to be out without a pushchair, trying to keep a two-year-old’s hands away from the breakables.  Slowly, he walks the aisles and displays, carefully touching fabrics and evaluating prints, looking for what
Sherlock kneels, and he presses in just that much more, letting his lips
“Oh,” Sherlock replies, raising an eyebrow as he fits his own coat onto its hook.
“Good,” Sherlock manages, but his eyes are already heavy.  When he closes them, though, it is colourless.  He hears the intermittent ticking and beeping of the monitors around him, feels the bed, soft and solid beneath him.  John’s fingers are warm, wrapping around his own.
).  He starts for the kitchen, dropping his hand on John’s shoulder, a benign gesture they have shared hundreds of times through the years.
John breathes out long and slow, letting his head drop to the middle of Sherlock’s back. He rocks his forehead there, at a complete loss of words. His hands move up, sliding over muscle and raised flesh, inverted flesh, bone and tendon, a million different textures.
John squeezes Sherlock’s waist, thumbs smoothing up and down and up and down.  “It’s been
John’s hands push Sherlock’s coat off. “Getting dry,” John says, smiling, winking,
“The best part,” John says between burning kisses down Sherlock’s throat, back up to his mouth. “About kissing in the rain?” Another kiss, light on his temple, firmer high on his cheekbone, tongue hot against the cool wet line where his hairline meets his ear. He presses the entire length of his sodden body against Sherlock’s, and Sherlock’s vision swims.
He wishes he knew how to get down from here.  He swallows against the lump in his throat.  Fear.
Like John, he’s divested himself of his tee shirt, but he’s also rolled his pajama bottoms to his knees.
“Then why are you even here? I’m perfectly capable of managing this arduous task all on my own.”
this is for the final prompt: Peace
Data: John likes to be kissed in the rain.
I love you, too.
Sherlock makes sandwiches.  He piles on cheese and mustard and pickle and lettuce, even slices a tomato to make a proper job of it.  He flicks the switch on the kettle and plops teabags into two mugs.  There is an unopened packet of crisps in the cupboard.  He pours a mound next to each sandwich, nicking one from the bag before he closes it.
“The whole time?” John asks, now flipping through the stacks and stacks of postcards.
Then, there are the weeks once Sherlock is home, whinging a lot, sleeping even more. Sherlock requires near constant tending (time for your meds, just drink the damn tea, no I will not get you a bag of fingers from Molly), which gives John something,
Sherlock’s breath is in his hair, against his temple. John’s cheek is just below Sherlock’s jaw, chin resting at Sherlock’s shoulder. His heart is not at the ceiling; his head is not swirling.  He feels more grounded than he has ever been. His heart beats against Sherlock’s chest, at the core of his very being, and Sherlock’s answers back in a steady rhythm, warm and sure against his own.
It’s been a little over one month since—
things.”  The hand in his hair pauses.  “I just didn’t
in at least this small way, and so Sherlock basks in it, soaking it in while he is able.
Sherlock, you don’t have--
“Thank you,” Sherlock says, accepting the offered glass. He takes a sip. It is light and crisp and tastes almost of nothing at all. He takes another sip.
warm.  He scrubs a cheek against a pillow and remembers that he is on the sofa—not in his bed.  He tries stretching a bit, fitting a hand behind his head, attempting to relieve the dull ache in his hip where it has pressed against a too-soft cushion for too long and where the thick seam of his waistband is biting into the skin there. He can’t move much though, because he also realises, he is completely blanketed by his mad flatmate.
“Yes,” John manages, knees weakening. Sherlock smells of cologne under his collar.
John’s eyes are closed, breath soft–slow, deep, and even.  Blue, wintry light catches at the very tips of his eyelashes, and Sherlock thinks that if he were to touch, they would leave traces of silver on his fingers.  Tiny whiskers glitter along John’s jaw, and Sherlock imagines running his cheek there, gathering diamonds along his skin.
John prays and curses and asks Sherlock if he
Sherlock can’t find his voice; his throat won’t work.  John is gaping at him. He presses his lips together before trying again.  “I tried for one a week,” he admits, “but sometimes it was more.” He doesn’t like thinking about it.  “Sometimes I was--indisposed.” His eyes burn.
It’s tidy and trendy, airy and modern. Nothing overtly floral apart from the busy wallpapering on one wall. Unlike Baker Street, the things here are deliberately placed, bought to try and coordinate, to blend two sets of belongings together. He can clearly see where John and Mary’s things begin and end—the heavy fabric of the sofa (John), the cushions that try to match while adding a feminine softness (Mary), the clean lines and dark colour of the lamps and end tables (John), and the oddness of the whimsical little star dangling from the handle of a glass-fronted cupboard (Mary). On the shelves, only half the books have ever been opened. There is a compass and a clock, both made to look old but aren’t. The clock is functional; the compass isn’t. The carpeting has been freshly hoovered, there isn’t a speck of dust anywhere, and on the coffee table, the television remote is worn to almost nothing on the centre button.
In the end, it was a busy day.   She barely had time to stop for lunch, and only then was she able to check her phone to see if she’d missed any calls or got any texts.  She hadn’t.  She wills herself not to be disappointed.  When she leaves for home after her shift, out of the morgue, the world feels like it’s moving too fast.  It’s hard for her to make too much sense of anything.  She feels tired.
Sherlock moves toward him, humming pensively. He makes his way into John’s space, speaking in a low rumble. “Peas and adventure stories and tricks to finish eating the chicken? Not so different.” He is so close that John has to look up to hold his eyes. His entire body is buzzing.
With hands clasped loosely behind his back as he calmly looks on, John doesn’t look bothered in the least. In fact, Sherlock rather suspects that he is enjoying this. For that reason alone, Sherlock refrains from an out-loud deduction of internet porn addiction in the first associate and irritable bowel in the second. He does his best to appear patient and collected, though what he wants is to storm the storeroom himself, find the bloody cable, and
Data: Sherlock wonders what those lips would feel like against his own.
“I don’t know. It’s nice. And, I’m missing it. Strop quieter, please.”
“John, I-- Would you like to see the upstairs renovation?”
I love you.”
, it will simply
“Is this one mine?” he asks.  “It’s got my name on.”
His eyes are intense and clear.  “You, Molly Hooper, are my
displaying the smiling face of his wife as it rang, the shirt that wouldn’t button up straight as he dressed one morning. Everything is in pieces, and he is thankful for the weeks of solitude. He’s never been so broken.
. . .
—he waits.   “Moriarty needed stopping. But he could blow up the entire world, and it wouldn’t have mattered as much… He was having you followed—snipers. And Mrs Hudson and Lestrade.”
Everything old is new again.  This vignette is set a couple of months before the last chapter.
John fills her sippy cup with cold water, but she does little more with it than moan pitifully around the mouthpiece.  John’s frustrated exhaustion is written all over his face.  It is streaked with lines of sweat; blotchy patches mid cheek and along his neck nearly match the maroon of his tee shirt.  Sherlock knows that he doesn’t look any better himself; his hair is larger every time he catches his own reflection in the mirror above the fireplace.  It’s nearly standing on end at the sides, fuzzy and ridiculous and completely out of his own control.
.”  His eyes soften for just a moment at that, and John smiles at him.
John kisses him, taking his hand and squeezing lubricant onto it.  Sherlock figures it out.  He goes slowly, letting John guide him, savoring the feel of John’s body, the taste and smell of his skin, the sounds he’s making.  He’s addicted to this, to becoming more and more surrounded, engulfed, swallowed up by John.
(this one got a little angsty)
“Nicely done, John,” Sherlock says, and John can hear the curve of his lips.
The promise of moving forward
“Fine,” John says with a curt nod.
“We’ll need to get to the neighbor interview by two if we also need to talk to the employer again and be on time for Rosie,” John says as Sherlock clears two spots at the table of his lab notebook and the contents of the case file.  He stacks it all roughly and shoves it to a corner.  He’ll need it again later to add results due in from Met forensics.
The journey passes in a bit of a haze, and before he even knows it, he is stepping onto the platform at Baker Street station.  It is only minutes before he’s standing in front of the door of 221b, inspecting each key on his ring with the utmost scrutiny until he finds the right one.  There it is.  It takes him a moment, but he manages to fit it into the lock, and then, he’s made it.  He lumbers up the stairs and to the door at the top, and once there, he doesn’t bother knocking before stumbling through.
It’s only been a month since, but they both knew who Mary was (or rather,
for this two-hour respite from the unrelenting heat.
“Was this true?”  He holds the Nepal card up.  “You signed--”
Before John knows what’s happened, the bartender is shouting for last call. It’s gone two hours. He and Mike bid their farewells, vowing to not let it go so long before doing this again.  Mike cuffs him on the arm when he’s getting into his taxi, and with a wink tells him, “Get on home to your mad scientist.”
He still won’t say it. He
.  And so did John.
, so he takes another sip before he starts coughing again.
He looks to John who is looking back at him with an odd sort of half-smile. He tightens his lips, the lines around his eyes crinkling; his arm twitches.
John opens his eyes slowly, and Sherlock does not move. The room grows lighter. John’s lips are pink.
This is followed shortly by an animated gif of a finger bursting a snot bubble from a child’s nose, at which, Sherlock chuckles.  He will never actually type out L.O.L. He shudders at the very thought. On the pavement, he changes course and begins walking the opposite direction, toward Rosie’s nursery school.
It’s shit.  The flash has made a bright blank spot in the middle of the photo, and the place where his bum had just been is unattractively sunken and wrinkled.  He can do better than that, so he makes a proper job of it. He switches on the overhead light, cancels the flash, smooths fabric, pats cushions, and snaps a new photo.  This one is much better.
Sherlock’s eyes soften for a fraction of a second before focusing like lasers again.  “We have discussed this, John.  It isn’t safe—”
They move together and quietly next door.  John is once again blown away by the delicate beauty of this space, by the careful attention Sherlock took here, right down to the soft music playing from a discreet speaker he’s tucked away somewhere.  John walks over to watch the rise and fall of his daughter’s chest, to listen to the sweet sound of her breathing, and after a moment, Sherlock comes to stand next to him.
He doesn’t really notice Sherlock’s soft sigh as John’s fingers absently stroke through his hair. He also doesn’t notice the drooping of his own eyelids, nor, after only a few minutes more, the book slipping from his fingers.
Two more days, and they are officially suffering through the worst heatwave London has seen in a decade.  The breeze has entirely gone, and the flat is boiling.  Sherlock checks his phone; according to reports, the weather should break with a line of storms from the north in a day or two.  He scowls at the map, longing to shift the rain hovering over York down to London right
“Shut up, Sherlock. I happen to like this movie.”
, to know what it all
“There’s more broth if you want,” Sherlock says.  “Or tea. You should probably take some more medicine, too.” He shifts, readying to move, but John holds out a hand.  His medicine has indeed worn off, and he coughs and coughs, shaking his head.
Sherlock continues, “
Sherlock hums, making a quick note in his chart for posterity. “It looks like Thompson’s alibi will hold after all,” he explains, laying out the connections in an easy-to-follow line.
. In the rain. It meant something important. And besides…” John pauses to smile a bit (to himself?). “Kisses in the rain always seem a bit more—something.”
, has
Sherlock pulls a bit at the ends of the crumpled strip of paper, straightening it out to read.  “
“I’ve made sandwiches,” Sherlock says.
, and Dr Lin is posting official wedding photos.  Harry has posted her third inspirational quote of the day, and he unfollows an old high school mate who posted a racist cartoon.  He scrolls and scrolls until a posting from a former coworker selling a bedstead for fifty quid makes him pause. Now, that’s an idea.
Also, if you want to listen to the song that was the top-to-bottom inspiration for this chapter, go
?  He turns around twice, aimless, wondering if he should grab some pajamas and leave, perhaps kip on the sofa.  But because he doesn’t
Before Sherlock goes through, he takes one more look at the changed world, made new by the snow.  He breathes in the icy air, deep, clean, and he watches the trail of it as it mists out before him, visible evidence that it happened at all.
He is so nervous, he might vomit into his brand new toilet.  Instead, he sits in his new chair, across from John’s new chair, and he waits.
“Yes!” John says.
“Sherlock, please,” John says, and he’s writhing, the head of his penis dripping and flushed and so hard it’s peeking out now from John’s waistband.
Sherlock makes a sound of agreement.  “Probably specifically to annoy you,” he says, but the sarcasm is soft, and Sherlock’s eyes are smiling at him in earnest.
so right-now, new and oddly charged. John wonders what the hell is
, and he is in the next room.
She opens her mouth, trying to find some way to respond, but the world has gone fuzzy— warm and slanted and her heart is beating loudly in her ears and—
perfect for this.
cold or uncomfortable. John’s hands are on his neck, in his hair, at his back, at his waist, and every single place they go, sliding easily, they leave an aching sort of heat in their wake.
John looks from Sherlock’s face down again into the box, and he lifts the slim shoebox from it.  He tips up the lid with his forefinger and lets it fall back in.  Brow furrowing, he holds up a postcard, a glossy photograph of deep blue water and quaint white buildings.  CROATIA, it says across the front.  He flips it around to read, and the lines of confusion around his eyes shift into something deeper.  He lifts another card and flips it, eyes moving quickly over the words.  He does another. And another.
John’s eyes close and open, so slowly. They close again, and Sherlock believes he could count his lashes from their glowing tips. John shifts forward, tightens the arm around Sherlock’s back; their bodies are flush against each other. Sherlock’s hand smoothes over a shoulder blade, a shoulder, to the pulse pounding beneath the skin of John’s neck. Sherlock’s thumb traces an earlobe, fingers in the short hair at the back of John’s skull. And then, lips together (chests together, stomachs together, legs together, erections together).
John’s lips burn like fire against his lips.
John coughs, doubling forward. Sherlock is at his side instantly, hand hovering just over his chest but not touching, all humour evaporated. And, with more gentleness than John thought possible of him, he lifts John’s left foot where it’s trapped in the tangle of his trousers and boots. Sherlock lifts the soaked fabric as best he can so he can undo the boot laces, sliding it off first, and then the trouser leg, and then his sock.  His fingers brush the top arch of his foot, and John shivers a bit at it—but it’s nice, soothing. John drops his foot to the floor with a soft thump and Sherlock taps his other leg at the calf—a silent instruction. John lifts that one, and Sherlock repeats the steps down to the caress of his foot, this time a thumb smoothing over the length of his big toe.  “’S’nice,” John mutters, and he realises that he’s closed his eyes again.
. Hands, lips, tongue, teeth. Push, rut, grunt, moan.
“Unnecessary,” Sherlock says, but the hand he tries to wave in dismissal comes away dark with blood, and Sherlock has to return it to his side quickly.
“What,” he starts and then clears his throat.  “Sherlock, what is this?”
“Whenever you are,” Sherlock replies, and John leads them back toward the street.
John is breathing hard as he reads one from Nepal.  Sherlock remembers what it says. He remembers what they
“Jesus Christ,” John says.  “Come
Taj Mahal
“I did the shopping yesterday,” Sherlock says, hovering in John’s doorway.  “Fish fingers and yoghurt for Watson, but I’ve got some lamb or ingredients for spag bol for us.  Which would you rather?”
She pats him on the arm as she leaves, and whatever moment they’d had before has totally evaporated.
about what John is watching.
Now, they’re just--in his way, attacking his toes far too often in his pre-caffeinated morning minutes.  Nothing in them is all that important; old papers and case notes, a few boxes Mycroft sent him from storage after he returned from the dead, years ago now.  He could probably bin the whole lot and not miss a thing. He rips the seam in the tape with a pen from his desk before lifting the lid on the top one. He sighs and begins to make some decisions:  Stay or go? Trash or treasure?
Sherlock backs him into the lounge until his bum meets the back of his chair, worn fabric and soft padding over sturdy wood. Sherlock presses in with his thigh.
When he reaches the front steps of 221, it is to Sherlock sitting on them, elbows on his knees and fingers steepled beneath his chin. “All right, Sherlock?” he asks.
. . .
“Oh, John,” Sherlock says (
“Ah yes, the eloquence of a writer. Do go on.”
me, by the way—in case you were wondering.”
John clears his throat. “It’s fine,” he says, and he takes their plates back to the kitchen. He does the washing up, letting the rush of running water drown out the sound of the music and cheering coming from the lounge. When he returns, the couple is different, one of the pop stars, and they are dancing a not-too-bad salsa. If he sits closer to Sherlock this time around, Sherlock doesn’t mention it. And if Sherlock rests his head against John’s shoulder, John doesn’t say anything either.
“Well,” Sherlock shrugs.  “Perhaps a little,” he says, working to keep his voice even, tone light.  He places a large square cube of ice in each of their glasses, and he mixes whiskey with bitters and orange, a small spoonful of syrup.  He pours an equal measure in each glass, along with one gourmet maraschino cherry. “Old fashioneds. Since as of now, everything old is new again.”  He manages a smirk as he hands John his drink.
success.  First, he huffs and flails, bouncing his backside as much as possible as he feigns getting comfortable.  Next, he does a drop-and-smoosh, where he gets half to standing before falling against John like a very warm, duvet-wrapped log.  John stops this after the second attempt with a hand braced against the space between Sherlock’s shoulder blades.
“Penguins?” Sherlock asks.
Sherlock kisses him, sweet, sweet, sweet and soft.
Sherlock’s stomach growls at the suggestion, and he nods.
John answers with a bright smile. “Sherlock! Come in!” The skin around his eyes is crinkled, irises shining, and Sherlock doesn’t even realise he’s staring until John cocks his head a bit. “Or, you could stay out there. I’ll pass you a plate when dinner is ready.”
As Sherlock passes, he drops a glass-cooled hand to his shoulder, a gesture that would have been absolutely normal had he been fully clothed.  But.  Sherlock’s thumb absently brushes where it always does, the very edge of the scar usually muffled by vest and shirt and jumper.
The next morning is Saturday, so no work.  Even still, John wakes early and manages to get the coffee on before Rosie starts fussing, needing a change and some breakfast.  It is in the short lulls in kiddie shows and playtime that he finds and contacts an estate agent to put the house on the market, and during morning nap time, he gets photos of almost everything else taken and posted to Facebook, arranges times for pick up for the items he’d put up last night.
He opens them when John switches on the bathroom light to shuffle through his evening routine.  Sherlock turns his head on his pillow, blinking slowly at the en suite door.  He watches John strip himself of his clothes, an indistinct shadow through textured glass.
Sherlock can only hum. There are no words.
“Fuck being safe!” John growls, cutting him off.  He sets the glass down heavily on the table and puts his hands on his knees, breathing deeply.
He jumped.  He
“No, Sherlock.”  Calloused fingers against his cheek.  “Oh, no. I went away because of the
I’m letting you do it on your own. I’ll do it.”
“Here,” he says, handing John a glass of water and dose of the Lemsip capsules he’d left unopened on the coffee table before. John swallows them with a painful grimace, throat screaming at him for the effort.
Sherlock switches on the lamp beside him, and then he stands and moves to the kitchen, switching that light on, too. He boils the kettle for tea. He brings two mugs into the living room and sets one of them on the table beside John. John’s hands do not move from his lap. Sherlock sits across from him, blowing on the surface of his own tea, and takes a sip. He toes off his shoes, bends to gather them and slide them side-by-side next to the back leg of the chair. He extends his legs, carpet soft under his heels, and lets his thighs fall open. John meets his eyes, reaches for the handle of his mug, and takes a sip. One of John’s feet comes to rest on the carpet between Sherlock’s. They finish their tea in silence. They sit for a long time after that.
Rosie puts her favourite book on top of it and climbs up next to him, tugging John by the hand to sit, too. He does. She settles in with her backside on John’s lap, her head against his chest, and her feet curled next to Sherlock’s thigh. John puts on his usual voices as he reads, flicking his eyes to Sherlock from time to time (This is it. This is the whole story now for me. Are you okay with all of this?) and Rosie stops him a couple of times to ask unnecessary questions about the pictures in the book that they read every night. He answers her with patience. Sherlock’s arm settles around his shoulders, other hand lighting on Rosie’s ankle. When the book is done, Rosie kisses Sherlock goodnight, and John goes to tuck her in.
Sherlock ignores him.
“You alright?” John asks, looking at him with a concerned raise of eyebrows.
They gasp in unison.  John is
“And you call
He orders another lager at the bar and decides to peruse the jukebox just opposite, which might just be the only good thing about this place.  Its selection is eclectic though not without a bit of a niche—mostly a mixture of nineties alternative with a smattering of classic rock and one or two top forty choices.  He fishes in his pockets for his wallet, feeds the thing a fiver, and starts making choices.
John isn’t in yet when they arrive at the house, so Sherlock begins the evening routine as he has observed and participated in throughout his weeks here.  He washes Rosie’s hands and prepares her tea, cutting up strawberries and sweet potato and bits of chicken for her.  She smashes them into her tray and into her face and into her hair, and Sherlock sits at the table to tell her about the case he’s working, smoothly retrieving her cup every time she drops it to the floor.  She enthusiastically interjects with her own thoughts on the matter in between bites of her supper.
When Sherlock shuffles back to the sofa, he’s got his entire duvet wrapped around him. He looks—well, he looks absurd:  disheveled hair flat on one side, insane on the other, two days of patchy stubble, skin freshly pink on his cheeks from scrubbing.  He smells faintly of soap, and there is the tiniest bit of toothpaste caught in the corner of his lip.
John can’t help but smile, so he does, letting the awkwardness pass a bit. “See you later, Sherlock,” and he shifts to go, rocking from one foot to the other, wishing to God that he didn’t have to. It was a good day.
She sits on her sofa, and he sits on the very edge of her armchair seat—like he might bolt for the door at the first loud sound.  He doesn’t waste any time, though.  “I meant it,” he says.  “I do.  I love you.”
Over dinner, Sherlock listens as John tells the story of how he and Mary met, their absolutely awful first date, their absolutely wonderful second one. He watches the lines of John’s face as he speaks, the unbridled affection in them as he looks to Mary, and something inside Sherlock’s stomach turns. He has a bite of salad and another sip of wine. The salad doesn’t help, but the wine does.
But Sherlock, even now, knows the ins-and-outs of London better than Google, and he’s managed to chase the man into a dead-end. Even over the rushing of blood in his ears and the pounding of his and Lestrade’s footsteps, John hears the other footsteps stop, the sounds of a struggle. He just has to get there faster.
damn long, Sherlock.”
This story is now COMPLETE!  Thank you so much to everyone who has read, kudosed, commented, reblogged, and encouraged. Y'all rule!
The park is dark, but Sherlock knows his way. His eyes miss nothing, gathering data in case he needs it later. And after what seems like an age, he finds John. John, who is not injured but is simply sitting on a bench as though he were waiting.
I'm thinking one more chapter?  Possibly two.  Watch out for future ratings-changes because next chapter will catch us up to the first one, and beyond.
John’s thumb has not stopped moving; but for that, he is still. Everything is still.
… She spits.  Cupping water from the tap in her hands, she rinses first her mouth and then the dregs of paste from the sink bowl.
Sherlock can feel John’s breath, warm on his face. It makes him feel dizzy when he inhales.
Sherlock is not at the flat when he arrives, and he’s almost glad since he is wheezing like an old man when he reaches the top of the stairs, soggy and miserable. He feels like he’s moving under water, slogging through an ocean of snot. He might need to call Dr Howe at the surgery for something stronger than Lemsip, but the thought of all that effort only exhausts him further. For now, he only wants comfortable pajama bottoms and rest.
It all just seems so loud tonight, the
The baby died three weeks after being born. Sudden Infant Death Syndrome. The casket was small (too small), as was the gathering of the mourners. Sherlock had kissed him that day, a press of lips to forehead in front of the sink in the church’s toilets (John’s eyes closed, the smell of dried rain in his hair, the barest touch of fingertips at Sherlock’s elbow).
-----
“Go to sleep, John,” he hears Sherlock say, and he nods. That sounds lovely.
Sherlock sighs, and it looks like it hurts, but his fingers move to his buttons, starting with the ones at his cuffs. He moves to the ones in front, going slowly, still stalling, but eventually he shrugs the thing off his shoulders and tosses it in the direction of the fridge. It lands in a shredded, bloodied heap on the floor. John clears his throat. Time to get to work.
, Sherlock.”  He must know that she won’t stand for this. That he cannot continue to treat her this way.
Sherlock listens again to John’s footsteps, mentally tracking them as he turns off lights and makes his way back up the stairs.  His eyes shut once more, and then he, like Rosie, sleeps.
Sherlock sighs.  Best to just step in line; he is already far too much ahead of himself.
John’s hands come up to Sherlock’s nape, fingers threading through damp curls as Sherlock exhales long and slow, hot and wonderful, against his solar plexus. Sherlock’s body against his is still cold, as he moves a leg over to straddle John’s lap, but the weight is…
“We don't know a thing about each other. I don't know where we're meeting, I don't even know your name,” the voice says, breaking through.  It’s clipped but calm, and perhaps a touch amused.   Sherlock breathes, and the noise quiets, the fall slows to floating.  Everything important begins to slot into place. This is the voice that matters. Stay here. “And we’re going to look at a flat--”
“Anything yet?” John asks, hand on his shoulder as he leans in to peer at the slide himself.  He stands straight again, widely blinking up at Sherlock, clearly not appreciating the significance of the data he just witnessed with his own eyes.  Plain as day, really.  Obvious.
Mike snorts into his glass just as the bartender comes to the table with John’s steak and ale pie and a plate of chips for Mike. They talk about rugby as they tuck in. John demolishes his pie, and Mike gets them another round. John asks about teaching, and Mike speaks fondly of his students and classes but does say, “You know—it’s worrying. Every year they’re getting lazier and lazier. It’s like the internet has turned them all into idiots,” Mike says. “Can’t spend half an hour doing a bit of old-fashioned research.”
The scene moves on to the next, and so Sherlock asks, “What the
Sherlock frowns a little, hums. “Out of practise,” he says. His hand moves to his abdomen as he crosses to his chair in a bit of a hunch.
They take a case—a relatively calm one with no human lives at stake and a lot of following-the-money.  It does end with a rather brilliant run through the London Zoo and everything back as it should be, and Sherlock gets to see John truly smile for the first time in—far too long.  His fringe is sweat-stuck to his forehead in places, and he catches Sherlock’s eyes with a twinkle in his own and after they briefly speak with the police and zoo security.  John lets his hand linger at Sherlock’s back as they begin the short walk home.
John lifts a hand to Sherlock’s and smiles.  “Tea? Beer?”
, John thinks as he can actually feel the sweat gathering in his leg hair.  Sherlock shifts just so, and the light from the window behind him catches the edges of his curls, the curve of his shoulders, lining him entirely in a moonlit halo, cool blue.
Do you-- want.  To talk about it?
“Sherlock?” John asks, now looking concerned.
Stepping out, he doesn’t bother with a towel.  Naked and dripping, he passes through the door to his bedroom and drops himself face-up atop the duvet.  His wet hair helps to keep his head cool, temperature regulated, and he settles, listening absently to John’s footsteps on his ceiling shifting from one side to the other and back again.  He loves it; he loves having John here, moving above him, about him in this space.  His eyelids feel heavy, so he lets them drift shut for just a little while.
“Do people—”
This time, he bites down immediately, relishing the rush of it as it fills his mouth, his nostrils.  John smells the dark roast of his breath as it ghosts back onto his own face from just under Sherlock’s jaw where John is breathing, breathing, spreading the rich taste of coffee and chocolate against his own palate with his tongue.
“I,” John says, moving close, voice low and rough, hand threading in the hair above Sherlock’s ear, thumb rubbing circles against his sweaty temple. “Have wanted you.”  His breath shakes as he exhales through his nose, inhales deep, steps in close.  His forehead drops against the the centre of Sherlock’s chest, and Sherlock can only hold on, gliding his sweat slick hand to the back of John’s arm, cradling his nape with the other.  John hums, head rocking slowly there before he looks back to Sherlock’s eyes.  “For
I love you.
John startles awake as a bead of sweat rolls down his neck to further soak his clinging collar.  He swats at it like a spider, fingers coming away damp. He’s suffocating--breaths coming quick, shallow, panicked.  Nightmare.  He shakes his head on a sticky pillow, trying to get some bearings. Shivering, stifling, and soaked through, he sucks warm air through his nose, still frantic, biting back a whimper.
Sherlock stays in his pajamas the next day. His mood seems to be placid rather than bored, which is good. They move around each other easily. Sherlock spends a little time at his microscope, more time on the sofa reading or just being. John potters about with laundry and a bit of writing. Late in the evening, John lifts his head from his computer at the sound of Sherlock tuning his violin.
It takes another twenty minutes to get through the queue, and when he finally steps out onto the pavement into the sea of shoppers and tourists, it feels something like freedom. The sun is shining weakly overhead and the breeze is just enough to stir the curls at his fringe as he walks to meet John. He gets a text on the way. From John.
Sherlock hums.
Though it’s only been a few weeks, he does enjoy living with John again, and Rosie.  He never thought he would like this,
And uncomfortable.
, he thinks), hands brushing lightly over flanks and thigh, stroking up and back as he spreads John’s legs, relaxed bend to the knees falling outward as he settles between them.  His thumbs trace the crease where John’s arse curves into his thigh, sweep over his perineum.  He feathers a trail of chaste kisses from inner knee to the soft skin high on John’s inner thigh before moving up the other leg in a mirrored path.  He dips down, lowering himself slowly, and places his tongue against the slit, tasting, curling the leaking fluid into his mouth.  He presses his lips into an open mouthed kiss there, and he takes a moment to suckle, thumbs tracing light circles at the base of John’s penis and then before and behind John’s testicles, stroking, petting, breathing in musk and soap and sweat.
Lestrade is just behind him as John follows the sound of Sherlock’s footsteps, pounding wetly down a darkened alley. Less than half an hour ago, after two days of near-solid investigation, they’d finally tracked down their murderer to a derelict flat above a butcher’s shop in Hackney. But it was never going to be
But the rain is not falling. He can’t ruin this. It really should be perfect. A car drives by, tyres splashing loudly in a puddle. It is the distraction Sherlock needs to pull away and start up the steps. If John looks a little disappointed when he unlocks the door, Sherlock pretends not to notice. When they are back in their flat, John takes his laptop with him to his bedroom, and Sherlock falls into his own bed feeling entirely wrung out.
Once John’s admitted defeat, it all goes downhill very quickly from there.  He feels
Lestrade catches up then, shouting into his phone for the rest of his team, and he pulls the man from his oily puddle and hauls him away.
.  But when she settles into the sofa next to him, he shoots up as though propelled.
“Lovely,” John says.
, to focus as Sherlock talks through their case, but the noise of the restaurant won’t let him. Sherlock’s voice comes in and out like waves on the sea, muffled and amplified in turns with the too-loud order for a panini (no, the ham, the
gives his brain something productive to focus on.  He doesn’t have to keep what he doesn’t want. He doesn’t have to stay where he doesn’t want to be.  He takes photos of the coffee table, end tables, lamps, armchairs--all of it. Each goes up on his Facebook page with low-ball pricing (OBO).
John doesn’t have the faintest idea what he’s on about. He shakes his head, frustrated with himself. “I don’t know, Sherlock,” John says. He sneezes, which knocks something around deep inside his chest, and he can’t stifle the cough that comes. Damn it
Sherlock forces his hand away from John’s skin long enough to open the nightstand drawer.  “Lube and condoms,” he manages to breathe, and he feels as though his heated body is doused in ice for the few seconds John shifts off him to find what they need.  It gives Sherlock a minute to compose himself a bit, to focus.  It has been a very long time since he’s done anything like this—and never
John takes the fan to the nursery when he goes to put Rosie down, and Sherlock misses it immediately, once more at the mercy of the flat’s consuming, stagnant heat.
“John,” Sherlock says, deep voice steady, but he can’t stop blinking.  John breathes deep and reaches out, fingers brushing just at Sherlock’s temple, thumb smoothing first under an eye and then over the lid until Sherlock is still.  Sherlock’s breath is on his wrist, and Sherlock’s hands unclasp to rest lightly on his knees.  John feels something inside himself unlock.  He drops his head down to Sherlock’s shoulder, and though his mind is clearer than it has been in weeks, his still-uncoordinated body falls out his chair, leaving his face to plant directly into Sherlock’s belly.
, and it is glorious.
Once they’ve got their mugs in hand, Sherlock follows John back into the sitting room where he has to sidestep the boxes to get to his chair.
“Do you mean it?”
Bees.
“Yeah.  Decided to give A&E a go.  Part time—one night and one day shift per week.”
At the pavement outside of 221b, Sherlock pauses and turns to him. He sips from his coffee, exhaling through his nostrils as he does. When he pulls the cup away, there is a drop of coffee clinging to Sherlock’s lower lip, threatening to fall, and John doesn’t know what possesses him, he really doesn’t, but he reaches forward, catching it with the side of his index finger. He mentally blames it on parenthood, on having done this for Rosie about a million times recently, on simple muscle memory.
They move slowly over the floor of the lounge, neither of them either leading or following; both are simply drifting (two drifters, off to see the world), and it’s as fluid as water, as natural as breathing itself.
While the kettle boils, she decides to just get on with it.  She knows she should get something solid in her belly, so she puts some bread in the toaster, and if that stays where it’s put, perhaps an egg or some yoghurt later.  She feeds the cat, puts on clothes, ties her hair back; none of it requires enough thinking.   Too much room is left for mulling over brilliant and dashing and probably-gay, drug addict friends and
He leans down and kisses John with all the tenderness he can.  His lips are still touching John’s when he asks, “What do you want?”  It’s a whisper.
They are both so broken in so many ways. When Sherlock whimpers as the pain meds run low in his system, John feels the ache in his own chest.
Mike asks after Harry, and John tells him that she’s doing better, has been sober for almost a year—new job, new girlfriend. John listens as Mike talks about the Spanish holiday he and Donna are planning for the spring. John tells him about a case that took him and Sherlock to the beach at Great Yarmouth and how Sherlock had managed to catch the kidnapper they were after and got the little boy home safe. John doesn’t talk about how they’d had an extra day there and how he and Sherlock had actually had a lovely, normal day at the beach after, full of too much sun and candy floss.
Sherlock doesn’t stop to consider what he does next.  There have been too many moments like this, too many almosts, too many interruptions, too many unsaid words, too many wasted opportunities.  He can’t
The snow started sometime between Baker Street and John’s house, while they were underground.  They emerge from the station to a world being covered. Large, lacy flakes swirl in the air, and as they walk, they stick to their lashes, make their way into nostrils and the seams of their lips.
It hurts to watch nimble, kinetic Sherlock so fettered by his own body. At the beginning, Sherlock isn’t able to play his violin, or work cases that require any sort of legwork, or sit for long periods at his microscope. Hell, he can’t even make it from the sofa to the loo without a little help. In time, he’s able to walk a bit on his own—first in the flat, then up the street and back. John goes with him, helping him with the stairs, hand hovering near the small of Sherlock’s back as he takes laboured and deliberate steps on the pavement.
EDINBURGH CASTLE
,” Sherlock says, voice deep and lovely and sweet.  John watches as thousands of penguins leap from the sea onto land like they’re coming home to the place they’ve always belonged.  Sherlock’s voice
“Do you want to,” Sherlock asks, “this way?”
Sherlock guides them around, lips and tongue and breath and heat as he sits John down in the chair, standing before him with hair wild, lips swollen, eyes dark, and John--loves him.
“You sure? Tesco is running a special on HobNobs, and I know they’re your favourite.”
After a witness interview, they stop at a café for hot drinks and to hopefully let the rain pass. John tries, really
It’s almost a week later when John comes in from an afternoon shift at a surgery in Brixton which was a complete madhouse—low on supplies and severely understaffed, especially for the season. John feels wrung-out to his bones as he climbs the stairs to the flat.
“Why?”
“Thank you.”
“Don’t want to ruin your shirt,” John says around the clearing of his throat, and Sherlock just blinks and blinks. John keeps talking (for the love of God, why?) “It’s one of my favourites.”
“Oi!” John protests, but he is smiling. “Thanks a lot.”
nice,” John rumbles, eyes dark and smiling, mischief back again but in a way now that reminds Sherlock of curling smoke.  Heedless of his dripping, rainbow-coloured hand, John reaches out and pulls at Sherlock’s wrist, guiding the ice cream back to his lips for another bite, this time with eyes on Sherlock’s eyes as he does so; lips and
“Nightmare?”
John.  John.  Are you all right?
, John thinks.
John notices him looking, and his hand comes to light at the small of Sherlock’s back, a caress over his coat, and Sherlock smiles at him with lips pressed together.
“This isn’t mine.” John says, lifting and then replacing a set of Russian nesting dolls.
There are weeks where he is at Baker Street alone, Sherlock still in hospital as his body works at knitting itself back together, doing its best to repair the damage from the bullet that blew a bloody hole in everything that has ever been important to John. “Trust issues” doesn’t even
The drizzle is wet, just shy of freezing.  It stings Sherlock’s cheeks and too-easily seeps under his scarf, clings to the wool of his coat.  His icy fingers cramp around the key in his hand as he lets himself in to his flat. On the door, Mrs Hudson has hung a wreath that smells of pine.  The droplets that cling to its edges shimmer and then fall as he opens and shuts the door.
He hears Sherlock’s soft gasp behind him, thumb more intentional as he brushes again, testing the difference in texture, warming quickly to match the temperature of the skin beneath it.
. . .
.  The unexpected heat in John’s cheeks is amplified by the cool woosh of air as he shuts the refrigerator door.  He tries to collect himself, breathe, shake his head and get back to normal—and he very nearly manages it. He even has a joke on the tip of his tongue about giving Sherlock some privacy, but when John turns around, the look on Sherlock’s face (eyes closed, jaw rolling, nostrils flaring) only makes everything worse.  John’s mouth goes dry, words evaporating; he clears his throat.
“How is this in any way fair?” Sherlock asks. “They’ve got a model and a pop star in their twenties up against a fifty year-old television presenter who’s likely never had any formal dance training whatsoever.”
, yes, and
, made somehow louder by the metallic hum of the fridge, the monotone ticking of a clock from the other room.  His head drops into his hands so he can pinch his eyes between his thumb and forefinger, letting out a quiet groan.
want her snack or her drink.  She refuses to stay seated for more than three minutes at a time.  Sherlock walks her up and down the main aisle, letting her slowly navigate the stairs on clumsy legs, and then he walks them to the lobby as she
Sherlock stays quiet.
Sherlock is panting when he reaches him. “Are you all right?” he asks, short, clipped, body still buzzing with panic.
He drinks from his glass, draining the water, greedily opening his mouth for ice, anything to keep himself from talking until he feels he can trust his voice at all.  When the water is gone, he needs more (god, he needs
John wakes up slowly as the light and sounds of morning begin to filter in through the windows.  With eyes still closed, he first registers that he is
John wakes to the press of a cool nose against his neck, warm breath on his jaw.  He hums, lifting his chin, an invitation.  He hums again, arching into it.
“Loo,” Sherlock says as he walks toward the bathroom.
“Yeah, I’ll get the lights and things then.  Night.”
. He wants nothing more than to take the sides of Sherlock’s face and press their lips together, but he steels himself, reminds himself that this is meant to be about keeping Sherlock well, keeping him comfortable. He shifts a bit in his seat. Sherlock moves his head upwards, cool lips against John’s collarbone, his throat, his chin, and then—against his mouth.
It is indeed a real one next time.  Client.  Kidnapping.  Jealous ex-lover.  If ever there was a case tailor-made to test John Watson’s mental health, this would be the one.  In the end, as usual, John was right.  He was ready.  The child was returned mostly unharmed (physically, anyway), and the jealous ex-lover will spend the next twenty years rotting in a jail cell.  A job well-done.
They turn over both the criminal and all relevant evidence to Lestrade.  Though tedious and unnecessary (given how everything they know is
Sherlock remains steadfastly staring at the ceiling.
Sherlock shifts a bit, hand twitching against John’s back before stilling completely.  Then, his fingers move slowly and deliberately against John’s shirt.  John feels himself tilt his head and cannot stop the sleepy smile that comes to his face.  He likes it.  He likes the feel of Sherlock’s hands on him.
. What matters is that John will not answer his phone, is not at his house, is not at any of the eight pubs he’s likely to haunt, is not at Regent’s Park—is not anywhere.
different now: quieter, brighter, sparkling in places.
.  It would ruin everything.  He spent so long pushing this feeling away because what else was he going to do?  It’s just--it was much easier to keep it buried before Sherlock came back to share his day-to-day again, was once more in his space, breathing his air, filling his thoughts, his dr-- No.  It’s better, yeah, to let a good thing stay a good thing-- a
It is only a song’s wait for his music to start up, so he drinks and half-listens and tries not to have any sort of serious talk with himself about what the fuck he’s meant to actually
“I’ve got to get Sherlock to A&E,” he tells Lestrade. “We can be by sometime tomorrow if you need statements.” Lestrade nods and tells them to go.
Though it’s midday, the grey outside keeps the flat darker than it should be.  He hangs his coat over two pegs so it will dry, opens his scarf over the back of his desk chair.
“But no—he’s not always like that,” John says, feeling a bit like a wanker that all he’s done is complain. “He actually wrote a song for Mrs Hudson’s birthday last month. He worked on it for ages.” John smiles, thinking about Sherlock painstakingly making notes and fussing with the melody for weeks before he was satisfied. “It was amazing. He brought his violin to Angelo’s and played in front of the whole restaurant. Everyone clapped. And you know, I think he actually blushed.” John takes a sip of his drink and notices that Mike is just… staring at him.
“Nothing. Seeing anyone?” he asks.
Prompt 3: You Better Watch Out.  For @missdaviswrites‘s awesome Advent Ficlet Challenge.
John’s face slackens, and Sherlock can’t tell if it’s good or bad.  Other than one window, the room is obviously entirely changed. Sherlock watches John’s eyes flicker over every surface.
John shifts his hand to Sherlock’s back to get him to sit up a bit, the skin beneath his palm and fingers clammy and
… has
is useless. Even I could manage that much, and I was working with
.  John’s back arches as he cries out, spasming and spilling, and that is all it takes.  Sherlock can’t help but follow, vision whiting out as he comes, and John’s name is the only word he remembers.
He manages to turn off his brain and let the dull buzz of alcohol take the edge off his still-rattled nervous system.  Just as he’s finishing his beer, a group of blokes just in from what must be a pick-up rugby victory take over the telly area.  They are raucous and jovial and the last thing he feels like dealing with.
“But yeah.”  John shrugs. “New start and all that,” and together, they work at getting the duvet into its cover.
She lets him go.
He promised to text John when back at Baker Street, so he does, fumbling embarrassingly much with the keypad. He drops fully clothed and face first onto the sofa, shuts his eyes, and listens to the quiet, to the nothing that surrounds him. Two years of running was too long, and even here, mission accomplished and finally home, nothing is right.
“Ya! Ahm!” Rosie coos. “Ahm, ahm, ahm!”
“Don’t think it’s just the kids, though. I know a lanky tit who texted me in the kitchen from the living room to hand him a book from the coffee table. He was on the sodding sofa!”
“Oh, hello dears,” She says, looking down, fitting the little cloth envelope that holds her coupons into the front pocket of her handbag. “I’m just off to the shops. Do you need anything?”
John collapses on top of him, lips sliding wetly, sloppily, from his collarbone to his chin before he takes Sherlock’s mouth again.  Sherlock kisses him, the smacking of their lips louder now that their breathing has evened out some, their pulses quieting.
“There’s a bit of sweet and sour pork in the kitchen if you’re hungry.”
“God,” John says.
Sherlock sighs with an appropriate amount of melodrama. “Fine.”
Mike’s response is almost instant.
--and Sherlock’s teeth graze his shoulder, stutter against the fabric there as he grunts John’s name, and it is, it is, it is music.
paying.”
“John,” Sherlock’s voice wakes him again.
But Sherlock is not, to John’s surprise, shoving his arms into a fresh shirt. No—in fact, Sherlock is standing rather awkwardly outside his bedroom door, looking a bit lost. When his eyes light on John, he smiles. “Good,” he says. He reaches out and takes John by the wrist, hauling him close. “You’re coming,” he says against John’s lips, and John smiles wide as he lets Sherlock lead him inside.
It is so good.  They breathe with open mouths, lips touching, tongues dipping, flicking.  They lace their hands together between them, creating a just-right space, and then, they move, thrust, slide—together.  Sherlock’s legs wrap tightly around John’s waist, toes curling, heels pressing them close as they move, thrust, slide and move, thrust, slide, better and better and better, and there, yes
The shadow gets closer to the glass, and John taps it lightly with two fingers but doesn’t open the door.
, but John knows he secretly likes the Netflix series they started watching last time he was here.
“What?”
John starts just a bit, blinking, turning his head to meet Sherlock’s eyes.  He clears his throat.  “Right.”  And then, “Ta.”  Through his nose, he inhales as he stands.  The side of his forearm brushes causally against Sherlock’s middle when he goes past him at the door, and John leads their way back to the kitchen, quiet in his socks.  Sherlock only takes one step at a time down—close enough to smell John’s soap and the warm scent of his skin and the wool from his jumper.  Sherlock wants to bathe in it.
John sniffs and steps into Sherlock’s space, hunching over to watch the dance to its lilting end with him. When it’s done, YouTube brings up its rabbit-trail suggestions on the sidebar. One of them is the Andy Williams version of the song, so John reaches across Sherlock’s arm and clicks it.
Sherlock hums. This requires some consideration. He doesn’t even ask himself why. It just
John growls and walks him, nodding, nodding (they are both nodding), kissing with lips against lips and lips against jaw and lips against neck-- to his bedroom.
John’s lips press to the small bullet scar over Sherlock’s heart, hands slipping to his back, running along the highest ridge there, tracing the finer lines, up and down, so tender Sherlock doesn’t know what to
Sherlock hears a lip curl into a smile, fond.  People are basically
His feet move for him, and he crosses to where Sherlock is, and then his hand reaches out, running flat over the column of his spine. Sherlock’s muscles twitch and flutter under his touch, and John can’t help but bring his other hand out too, stilling him at his flank. “What?” he says, but it’s only a breath really—not even a whisper.
“Reaching is tedious, John,” Mike says, imitating Sherlock’s drawl. John nearly spits out his beer.
again—apparently, Sherlock’s recorded it since this isn’t the evening for it. Sherlock comments as the contestants dance, argues with the judges. John doesn’t really have anything to add, so he just makes agreeable humming noises as he eats. When he’s done, he sets the plate on the coffee table and settles in a little deeper into the cushions. Sherlock leans into him, and John’s arm comes around his shoulders; he doesn’t stop himself tracing an idle pattern against Sherlock’s arm with the tips of his fingers.
The trail of smoke from his cigarette follows him up the seventeen steps to his flat. Mrs Hudson is away, visiting her sister, so there is no one to stop him. He holds it between his teeth as he shrugs the coat from his shoulders, folds it over the back of the desk chair. When he closes his eyes on the sofa, he can hear the echo of gunshots, feel the echo of pain in his chest.
“But,” she says, beating him to it.  “You’re not
“Funny, I had that exact thought earlier,” Sherlock says, mouth quirking up, reaching to sweep thumbs along each of John’s cheeks, the curved ridge of bone under his eyes.  “John Watson cannot possibly fathom how long and how much I have loved him.”
“Anything that delivers.  It’s too bloody cold out there to go back.”
the circumstances are troubling.  But also— the circumstances are permanent.  The circumstances
There is no dust now, not even any clutter.  No post on the pristine mantel. So much looks the same, but it’s not.  Oh, it’s
He picks songs that remind him of before everything went south—Foo Fighters and Metallica, Stone Roses and Radiohead.  Songs that will be loud enough to drown out his thoughts, songs that were not played at his wedding reception.  But when he’s all done, he’s still got one choice left, so he just presses a couple of buttons, letting fate and the jukebox gods decide what will come last.
“No,” Sherlock says, standing, wincing, stepping away. “You’re not.”
enough.” His breath hitches. John touches. Silvery lines and red ones and dark ones that now look like birthmarks but aren’t. “Two years,” Sherlock says. “I’d got captured—twice on purpose—the sadistic are more free with their information when they think they’ve got the upper hand. And once—
open mouth, shirt clinging to his shoulders, to his chest. Water dripping from his fringe. Sherlock covers John’s mouth with his own. At the image, something like heat trickles down Sherlock’s spinal column. He slows the film down. Mouth on mouth, appealing. Wet,
“What?” John asks.
John blinks at the space where Sherlock had been. He sighs, scrubbing a hand over his face as he gives his body a moment to calm down. He feels his throat pull tight, blinking against whatever is making his eyes sting. Though his cheeks are very warm under his fingers, he feels colder than he can ever remember being.
Sherlock chuckles, mirth spreading even to the lines around his eyes, and John lets himself believe that the stars might finally have done something right for a change.
“Let me,” Sherlock says, taking it and fitting it over his own shoulder. He presses his lips together in a smile as he meets John’s eyes and then—he leans in, close. John’s heart pounds in his chest, and he can
“Sherlock,” John says, throat full of gravel. He tries to swallow around it, but it doesn’t work. He coughs. “
He turns the corner just in time to watch Sherlock duck a blow, but as he’s crouched down, the murderer nimbly tumbles backwards to avoid a hit. John sees the flash of metal, and he charges forward, but not quickly enough—the blade catches Sherlock at the side before John can get there. With a rush, he disarms him with a swift kick and slams the man into the pavement, knee on his back, hands pinning his wrists.
Pleased to once again have his spot open, John nods once, sits, and fits his thumb between the pages where he’d placed a post-it note to mark his place.  Slowly, Sherlock’s feet come again to press against his thigh, and John does his level best to ignore it, flicking pages and focusing entirely on the words in front of him rather than the toes which are now kneading to the point of pinching his leg hairs under his trousers.  He can stand his ground.  He
John returns that evening with a small fan under his arm from the shops.  A drop of sweat falls off the tip of his nose to the coffee table as he bends to set it down.  His work shirt is soaked through under the arms and along the centre of his back.
“When you d--”  John cuts himself off with a hum before starting again.  “Ella tried to get me to say--” His fingers tighten around Sherlock’s.  “I couldn’t.  I just couldn’t.”
“I do love you, John,” Sherlock murmurs against his temple.
“You could help,” John says.
“Budge up, would you?”
“Shut up. I don’t know. There’s something about it—watching it,
“You’ve told me this. Mycroft took care of it.”
,” the voice says, breaking through, and the noise quiets again.  Everything stills.  The tone is different this time than last, softer--an explanation rather than a demand.  “You never told me.”
John’s breath heats his cheeks, tickles his ear, makes him shiver, and Sherlock’s hands go under John’s shirt to find the skin at the small of his back; it is like fire on his fingertips. The moan that comes from John’s throat reminds Sherlock of the symphony as it tunes and readies for a performance, all promise of the beauty that’s coming.
John is speaking, saying words to him (bit too much, sofa, extra pillows, sleep), but his own voice finds him (taxi, fine, lovely dinner, thank Mary).
“Because that’s true, too, isn’t it. But with him, it’s real.  The
“Molly,” he says, voice so soft.  “May I come in?  Please?”
, they sing--but the real music is in the rustling of John’s coat, in the breath puffing from his mouth in quarter time, a delicate white curl.  Sherlock wonders if he were to press in, ear against John’s mouth, would he hear his voice?
John lets his own hands continue to roam down Sherlock’s back, his sides, his arms, building friction, heat beginning to rise. And, Sherlock continues to nuzzle at John’s chest. Oh, God—John’s really feeling it now,
In the kitchen, Sherlock has removed his jacket and hung it over the back of the chair. His legs are stretched out in front of him, and he’s leaning at an awkward angle to try and keep his body as straight as he can. John knows Sherlock would be more comfortable on the sofa, but he needs the kitchen light in order to see properly.
John doesn’t lift his hand from Sherlock’s back, doesn’t stop his fingers from tracing one of Sherlock’s largest scars.  He follows the raised line of it from shoulder to mid-spine before flattening his hand to run it lightly over the whole thing.  Sherlock swallows and looks into John’s face, unprepared for the pain he sees there.
Sherlock laughs, shaking his disgusting hair out under John’s nose as he stands and goes.
In a panic, Sherlock throws on his clothes as fast as he can, heart nearly bursting in his chest. Why is John out at this hour? Why wasn’t Sherlock with him? Has he been abducted, attacked? On the pavement, he runs.
John settles astride him, hands trailing lightning up and down the back of Sherlock’s thighs, rocking himself against Sherlock’s length, and they moan together.  John rocks again, leaning down to suck marks on Sherlock’s neck, breath hot on Sherlock’s ear as he sucks a lobe.  He shifts to rub his hand along Sherlock’s penis, fingers light as they brush him silly; Sherlock’s very nail beds vibrate with it.  “Do you have lube?”
-----
“Go on,” John says.  “What’s yours say?” He leans over to close up the box of beef and broccoli, knee bumping against Sherlock’s now and then under the small kitchen table as he shifts.  How often over the years have they sat right here--sharing a meal or hovering over case notes or chatting through tea and the morning paper,
“How’re you feeling?”
“Sorry,” Sherlock says, so quietly.
Sherlock nods slowly, face so close to John’s. “Good?” he asks, mouth serious, eyes still intense.
John shifts his pillow down a bit lower, rearranges the placement of his backside, unable to get comfortable. He turns on the closed captions but leaves the thing going.  It’s better, but the reading is making him tired.
“Lamb,” John answers.
“No,” Sherlock says. John hears him swallow. “It was—it was you.” Silence falls again, and though John would really, really like further explanation—right fucking
