“I’ll bring food,” he promises as he pulls back.  Sherlock wants to pull him in, in, to touch that pulse and beg for John to keep his lips on him always, like a benediction, but John is stepping away now. “Any preferences?”
Sherlock looks at his other hand, pausing. He’s right; the fingers on the strings have worked through their callouses again. Outside it’s dark. He doesn’t know what time it is. John’s showered, beard trimmed, in a robe over his clothes.  A while, then.
Sherlock has to consider it, going over the subconscious deductions he’d already made. “Bedside manner,” he starts, and John’s second eyebrow lifts, and Sherlock snorts at the inadvertent pun before continuing. “You saw the syringe in James’ pocket but you weren’t concerned, and you would be if it were drugs; you noted him for signs of a high, then noticed the finger pricks, and realised he’s diabetic. Then later… it was more confirmed when you ordered a red with low sugar content; it’s easier for him to control, and you knew he was worried about choosing. He trusted you already though, because I’d said you were a doctor by then…” he trails off.
Sherlock ends up focusing deeply on his work. He’s vaguely aware of a deep-scented waft of humid air, of padding feet around him, the clink of porcelain and the crinkle of a bag of chips. However, none of this prepares him for what he sees when he eventually lifts his head from his work.
“Relax,” he says, “I’ve got you,” and then he’s placing a soft kiss on the head of Sherlock’s cock, and Sherlock’s absolutely certain the world has ended somehow because the same mouth which formed those words is opening around his cock and sucking lightly. Sherlock’s thighs are shaking uncontrollably now, one hand lifting to his mouth so he can bite his thumb and pant through the sudden wave of pleasure.
Ah, Holmes. Sherlock always knows he’s in trouble when someone says his last name like that. He waves a hand, riding the edge of ‘camp’ and his normal behaviour. “It can hardly be that difficult,” he says blandly, and even James seems a little upset at his casual disregard, but Charles is puffing up, growing furious. Homophobia is such an easy trigger point, Sherlock muses, as Charles’ chest expands like an accordion played badly.
John scans his face and then nods once. “I’ll do that, ta.” His smile looks genuine, and Sherlock knows his cheeks are pink, but never mind. “You have a meeting,” John reminds him gently, “Why don’t you dress, I’ll quickly slip into my old things and see about tea before you leave.”
“I won’t,” John says, voice amused, and Sherlock realises with a flush that he heard. “Is the bedroom the one past the loo?” Sherlock nods, and John easily carries him to it, letting Sherlock open the door, then stepping through and setting him on the bed.
"Mhm," the man says. Sherlock’s already getting out of his car to shift to the passenger side, and the man steps back to let him out, then slides in as Sherlock's rounding the car. Sherlock knows his heart is racing. He knows this is insane, but he's already thinking of having the man up to coffee, he's already wondering if he's actually going to book a prostitute for the first time in his life, and he's actively pushing away the thought of what Mycroft would say.
John nods again, setting the tea in front of Sherlock. “I’ll make my own when I come back out,” he says and disappears into the bathroom. Sherlock’s left sitting there, heart going double-time, on the stool in the kitchen. He does eventually pull out his liver and get to work, taking sips of the tea.
Sherlock leads the way up and has a very particular feeling that the man is watching his arse. Instead of bothering him, it gives him a weird tingly feeling that he has to shake discreetly from his fingers before they'll allow him to put the key in the upstairs lock. He opens the door, looking around his familiar clutter. The man steps in behind him. Sherlock flicks the switch,sees what the man is wearing in the full light, and blurts out, "The green makes you stand out for customers."
“Indeed,” Charles huffs, and then, “Quite. Right indeed. Very much so,” and in a similar vein he continues to loose gusts of hot air on the way to the door, his son gathering their coats as an anxious waitstaff usher them out.
“Breathe,” John says, and Sherlock flushes at being caught out, looking up shyly. John chuckles, smooching his forehead. “Morning.”
“This is my son, James,” Charles says, “Thought he ought to come along, his inheritance and all.” He scoffs as Sherlock offers a hand, but the handsome younger man is staring at John with a sort of dazed look on his face. It takes him a moment to realise what Sherlock is doing and shake. Sherlock would sympathise if his stomach hadn’t started to roll.
“He absolutely will not. We’re leaving, James, get up,” he snaps, and stands just as the waiter arrives. The tray, precisely balanced before Charles’ overpriced waistcoat, is jostled wildly as Charles attempts to enter the space the waiter already occupies, and the champagne in its glass goes crashing over.
John seems unperturbed by Sherlock’s reactions, hands deft and gentle, and Sherlock finds himself focusing on John in a somewhat futile attempt to stay calm. It’s easy to focus on John because he’s so full of information, and most of it seems contradictory. The tight coils of muscle underneath skin contrast with the gentleness of his touch. The inherent confidence in his stance contradicts his choice of profession. Sherlock has more questions than he has answers, and yet John’s touch feels like an answer in its own right. He leans into it, skin-hungry and needy, unable to even feel ashamed of himself anymore. The hardness of his erection seems like an afterthought to the tingling of his skin.
As Sherlock's frantically wondering if he has milk in, the man says, "Is that a real skull?" then pauses, and answers himself, "It is. Right."
It opens before he can get his key into the lock. He looks up, and all the air leaves his chest at once. He knows his lips have parted, that his eyes must be bright and his face flushed, but he can’t help it.
John, to his credit, doesn’t even blink at the endearment. “I’m sure you could manage whatever you liked,” he says politely.
“Do excuse me,” John says, and leans toward James across the table. “Would you mind sharing my starter as well? I’m not quite hungry enough for a full.”
"It's an old friend. Well. I say friend. I mean. It's-" Sherlock waves a hand, tries to stand, and hits his head on the freezer door, clutching it instinctively as the man turns to him. Sherlock's mortified.
“Can I?” he asks, and a hand strokes through his curls, steady and kind. Sherlock’s eyes fall closed, a breath shuddering off his lips. The hand draws him forward; something’s inexplicably caught in Sherlock’s throat. He doesn’t want to open his eyes.
"One day.." My legs start to spread under the warm covers, "..I want to try certain things with you."
Wriggling back I nod, letting my head fall over the edge of the bath, "Just lay with your back on my chest between my legs. You're tiny."
Leaning to whisper back, "It's her job. Breakfast in bed." The maid smiles to us, unhooking a long tray from her trolley and putting it across our laps, placing two full plates on it before asking if we prefer tea, coffee, juice or water.
I squeeze his cock one last time before letting go to rest my hands on his hips. I pull in and out slowly. “Ohhh... you feel amazing... ohhh, Sherlock.”
Glancing over to the side, then back, I murmur, "Wouldn't you like to eat snacks while I massage you..." I drop my voice to what I hope is a seductive tone, "..all over?"
My head lifts, a hint of frustration coming across in my eyes, then I pause, face lighting up as I leap off the bed and across the room in one single bound, "Perfect!"
“Well, I was thinking last night while I was sitting here. I want to know what you are working on. And nothing flammable while I’m out. I have to start paying attention to that. I won’t let this happen again.” I look up at him then.
Gasping my whole body is strung tight, painfilled, almost as the point of telling him no, to pull out, my face contorting. Then the pain starts to ease, just a little, my breath coming in short, sharp pants, despite my rational brain screaming to calm down and take longer, deeper breaths.
“I was nervous... I’m sorry. But I... I love you. I want to do this for you.” I let him undo my shirt and toss it to the floor. My hands move down his sides and to the front of his trousers to start on his belt.
I can't answer, the side of my face mashed into the pillow under me, eyes shut as my brain gives over fully to my transport's sensations, allowing me to float on a cloud of hormones and neurotransmitters flooding me. I occasionally give a little twitch under John as either of us moves and stimulates a sensitive nerve ending.
I reach his side. “It’s alright, I’m here. You need to calm down, Love. They’re just trying to help you.”
I give a little hum in reply to that, settling down quietly and drifting into a light doze as my head is stroked by John's sturdy fingers.
“Of course. I’ll talk to Molly.” I said through a smile. He’d never called me ‘Love’ before. I wasn’t entirely sure he’d remember this conversation anyway. But it was nice. I stroke his back through the blankets until I’m sure he had dropped off to sleep. I slip out of the room in search of Mycroft.
I feel a heat around my cheeks, then chuckle, shaking my head, "Another time? Shall we get out of this bath before we become like prunes?"
The Scene prior to this can be found in Chapter 2 of the main RP here: https://archiveofourown.org/works/13132902/chapters/30041538
Nodding I try and reach for John, attempting to pull him closer again, rubbing a slender leg over him despite my tremors, "We're talking about it now."
I rip my coat off and hang it on the hook trying not to get myself worked up again. I go into the kitchen and pull out the whisky and two tumblers and pour us some, carrying the bottle back to the sitting room under my arm for later.
I reach up to where the blush was creeping down his chest. “Is that what you want? For me to take you from behind?”
I kiss him back and hold his face close when he pulls back. “That’s not an answer. It’s your area now. What do you want? Tell me.”
I chuckle. “Sherlock, come on. Wake up, Love.” I start to slide out from underneath him, to climb out of bed.
“I love you, Sherlock Holmes.” I press my lips to his again, stepping forward and wrapping my arms around his middle.
“I think you would’ve figured it out by now.” I try not to smile and fail, wincing as it pulls the cut apart a bit.
“Sherlock and I will go wait for you in the living room.” I say and grab Sherlock by the arm and drag him out of the kitchen.
Staggering alongside John my head begins to clear just a little. My body still feels weak and achy, rubber like legs that seem to go on for miles and send shock waves of pain when they strike the pavement. I rely on John's strength to keep me upright as we travel, snuggling into his side in a ball of self pity in the cab but I no longer feel like I'm about to pass out and I'm regaining some control over mouth and emotions.
"It's on my list of things I would like to try." I pull down his jeans and underpants, tossing them to the side, "You had a shower earlier so I know you are clean and fresh."
As John slides down my hand tug his jeans down, sliding them onto his thighs and then knees, before a hand works it's way under his heavy testicles, supporting them as I begin to flex my lips and throat, massaging him almost lazily.
Chuckling, I shuffle after him, murmuring, "I managed to get you to do all that without a word John. Imagine if I actually spoke?"
My legs kick at the blankets, pushing the soiled ones away so I can relax into his arms, my head resting on his shoulder, "That was intense."
“Nothing ever changes.” I mutter with a grin as I close my eyes. After dosing for about a half hour, I get a little sweaty in my coat. I get up and stumble to the bathroom, taking a warm shower. I dress and head back to the sofa and fall back asleep in relatively the same position.
Finally I seem to give up, scooting around and laying my head on the pillow, sniffing in distaste, "I don't like the fabric conditioner they use. I hate lavender."
My hands try and grab the blankets as tantalizing bits of John appear from them, "When will they be done? The explosion didn't cause that much damage. I bet Hudders is sneaking in some extra work to the ancient heating system while they're here and on Mycroft's credit card."
I smile at his words, "Do you -wish- to marry me John? It's more fitting with your view of life than my own. I always believed I would be alone so never spared any thought to it."
“It was the same for me too. Better than I’ve ever felt. You were so...” I let my head fall to his chest, with a sigh.
I inspect the remainder of the basket. The hotel has provided a few blends of massage oils along with base and scents to create my own. Despite my new researched knowledge of blends, I decide to go for one labeled as a ready blended sensual one, uncapping it with a snick before sniffing it and nodding. Not too feminine but warming and gentle on the senses.
It's amazing. Everything I had hoped for and even more. He feels responsive and soft under me, relaxing as I begin to wriggle my tongue into his tongue muscle, arms squeezing his thighs either side of my ears.
I roll my eyes and give him a look. “That’s half the point of having a wedding, Sherlock. To show off to other people. You like showing off.”
Leaning in I give his battered lips a small, delicate kiss before starting to put the kit away, "Maybe I like to be told?"
My chuckle makes us both tremble a little, collapsing into his arms thankfully. My lips open for his attentions, finding it quite intriguing that he would seek out his own taste and not mind.
My hips twitch and I feel my cock already trying to make itself known under the bubbling water. “Get on my knees in front of you and suck you down my throat until you were gasping for breath.”
John's voice is like an order, even without being backed up by his Captain Watson persona. I think myself even less able to disobey than normal, breathing the words into his mouth, "I love you, John Hamish Watson. I love you and I would kill for you. I would sacrifice everything for you if you needed me too. I love you like I have loved not any one person before in my life, and I cannot forsee a time where I would love anyone more than you."
I collapse down onto one arm, panting into his back. “Oh...Sherlock.” I press a kiss into his back. “I love you.” I pant.
“I think so. He’s got more lacerations on his back than you did, since he shielded you from the explosion. He had glass in his back. But they’ll have to do the same lung function testing, but we’ll know more when he’s breathing on his own.”
I start to pull on my clothes. “Maybe you should go on your own. So you can talk to her alone.” I suggest. Maybe that wasn’t a good idea either. I would probably need to be there to stop him from saying something not good.
“Sherlock....” it comes out as a whisper and I’m overcome with the urge to snog him senseless right there. I squeeze his hand tightly instead.
He catches my lips and I reach up to meet him. “Fuck, Sherlock... you are so good at this. Make me come please.” I begged. I wasn’t sure why I was so incredibly turned on and desperate this time. How the hell did he do this to me?
My tongue rolls around his ear again before catching the lobe between my teeth gently, my voice muffled slightly by it, "What would you do to me?"
I don't like the fact he's avoiding my eyes now, reaching to grasp his chin lightly to try and turn him back to me, "Like -this-. You want me. You love me. You need me."
Some where below me, I hear him open the lube bottle. He keeps his tongue inside me, though and I squirm even more.
True to my word I start to cut and nibble on a section of my egg, dipping toast into the slightly runny center, "It's also a very effective pillow."
I gasp, tensing then I relax letting out a loud moan, my hips lifting off the mattress again. “Oh god... Sherlock, please...”
Frowning, I start to try and take in all the new sensations, before a voice in my mind palace, sounding suspiciously like captain Watson, orders me to remember my research and relax, bare down.
Chuckling at his trailing off I collect him more into my arms, deciding to experiment a little, leaning close and whispering in a sinfully dark chocolate tone directly into his ear, "In a darkened alley when Lestrade's people are just around the corner?"
I run the hand not holding me up, down his side. “Mmm. Let me know when you’re ready for me to get up.”
Watching him, my brave, confident John, breaking down a little by my bedside, my hand sneaks towards him, whispering, "Is this it? Is this where I lose you John? The point you can take no more and move out?"
I lean down and pick the scarf up off the floor, handing it to him. I pull on coat and start on my socks and shoes.
“Does it feel good? You like having my fingers inside of you?” I mouth at the inside of his thigh, leaving sloppy kisses there.
Pulling out the morgue marked box I examine the seal, nodding and placing it on the table ready for later when John is out and can't moan about what I plan to do, "I still have your hand print on one buttock John."
I flop backwards onto the bed, staring at the ceiling and bringing my fingers up to my thinking position, "I have done many things in my life that have annoyed my brother, but never has he resorted to physical violence against me."
She gives him a sad little look that conveys “You never do.”. I pick up on it but I’m not sure that Sherlock does. “Why don’t you go help Molly in the kitchen.” I suggest to Sherlock.
I'm about to reply eagerly when my phone buzzes, reaching for it to read before showing John the text from Molly, asking if we'd like to visit for dinner as she had heard about the explosion.
There's a rather disgusted noise form the bathroom, "Where I go, you go. Is that too difficult to understand John?"
Rolling my eyes I whisper back to him, "Lesbian. Long term relationship." before nodding back to the maid with a pleasant smile, "Coffee and tea."
I sigh. “You know what I mean. I just... please, Sherlock. I’m just trying to keep you safe.” I let my head fall into my hands.
I freeze a minute, he must’ve misunderstood... “No, I.... I want you, Sherlock... I want -you- to make love to -me-.” I look up at him carefully. “If.. if you want to..”
“You’re right, I’m not.” I say waking around the table to stand behind him. I wrap my arms around his shoulders again. I lean down to whisper in his ear. “It was probably the most amazing one you’ve given me yet. But you didn’t get off, and I know you’re waiting for me. So I’ll be ready for you when I get back.” I mouth at the spot behind his ear.
My forehead rests on his shoulder now, arms and legs wrapping tight, clinging, "If I had my laptop here I could show you the video."
"I can't help it John." My eyes close, relaxing into his touch, "All my life he's been there. As much as I detest it, I'm always in his gaze. Now that's changing."
I devour around half my portion quickly before trying to push the remainder onto John, starting to grow restless, "Did you see Lestrade?"
“I just like that you enjoy it. And I’ve tasted you... it’s not that different.” I start leaving kisses down his neck.
I tilt my head into his fingers. “Well, it probably won’t look very good on his record that he was arrested for public intoxication. But I’m sure your brother will take care of that.”
Inside are very official documents relating to the buying of a property in Sussex. I clear my throat, a little overcome with emotion, nodding to the deeds John holds as I inspect my bee box, "The murder cottage."
"I'm just a little overwhelmed. I need to enshrine this moment in my mind palace." I lean into his touch, letting out a soft breath. "Just us. Always. Against the world."
I glanced at my phone and the missed texts from him. I give him a sad look. “I’m sorry. They didn’t give us a chance to call.... stupid...” I trail off.
I drop the towel lazily on the floor and stride off towards the bed, calling back, "I don't understand what you mean. Come to bed and lets order some food and talk over it?"
I groan and deepen the kiss. “God, I want you.” I pull back and start kissing down his jaw and neck. I let my hands drift down his sides.
“I don’t know. I’ll go check on him in a minute. I want to get you settled in first.” I brush a hand through his hair again.
I snort. “It’s probably the first time he’s ever had to worry about being in trouble with Mycroft. I’ve already been there done that...”
“I don’t want the laptop, I want you.” I grumble into his neck. I start making my way down his chest.
“Oh. I... I’m... really? It was just Molly. Don’t you think you owed her that? How many times have you told her that she was pretty or that her hair looked nice to get her do something for you? Or let you bring home body parts?”
I open my mouth to say something then snap it back shut. “Just because it’s practical, doesn’t make it any less romantic. Besides how is lazing about in the tub for an hour practical?”
I watch John's face fall, leaning to kiss his neck, "You're worried also about their marriage, aren't you?"
“Wait! Where are you going? It’s also New Year’s Day, do you think any place you’re going will be open?”
I vanish from the room before returning a few moments later carrying half the content of our bedroom, blankets, the spare duvet, pillows, tossing them onto John proudly.
I twist my mouth, thinking. I wasn’t sure how much detail I wanted to go into it with her seeing as how I was still trying to figure it out myself. “I thought I wasn’t either. I’m still trying to wrap my head around it all.”
“I know. But the hazmat team wasn’t sure what chemicals you were working with. They weren’t sure it was safe.” I put my hand on his thigh.
I open just one eye, peering up and fixing him in an intent gaze, "Why? Before you came along I would have to resort to drugs to distract me from my thoughts when the experiments grew too boring or too dangerous."
"Can this day get any better?" Beaming, I lean down and kiss John quickly before soaping us both to rinse off the sweat, oil and cum from our bodies.
Leaning forwards I shift my mind from my own bodily sensations, dismissing my transport for the moment, and instead concentrating on the shape, density and tension in John's shoulders. Diagrams and words flash up from my mind from the massage instructions I've read.
Rolling my head to one side I make a rather pathetic little gurgling sound, muttering, "It was all the fault of the eyeballs....Mycroft, it was an accident."
I feel rather than hear the gasp, so caught up in the movement and play of John's muscles, following them like the vibrating strings of my instrument as I attempt to tease out and relax the tortured strands, whispering, "You tense them too much, when you clench your fists."
I groan at his words and my body relaxes even more around him. “Jesus... you can’t keep your mouth off me, can you?” I say breathily.
I take my tea from him, sitting up to take a sip before setting it down the coffee table. “It just took us so long to get here and they’re just moving ahead and jumping into things like it’s nothing. I don’t understand it.” I say quietly laying back down on the sofa.
I take them and peer at them in utter distaste. The throbbing in my head though forces me to down all three at once, chasing them with a gulp of water and giving a baleful eye to the bottle, "How long till I can have three more?"
“Alright...” I nod and watch as he goes across into the bathroom. I rub a hand across my face, wondering what I did want to say.
I set the bag on the table and climb back on the bed, behind him. He looked so peaceful. I nuzzle the back of his neck. “Sherlock, Love, you need to wake up. I brought fish and chips.”
"Because.." my shoulders slump a little, "They'll attempt to take control. As they always have. You know what Mycroft is like and where do you think he got it from? Mummy is the same. They'll barge in and take this from us." I pause, my voice dropping, "Take this from me."
“What?” I ask softly, gripping his bicep. He was processing something... so I didn’t interrupt further.
I hum at that and start mouthing at his throat, as my jumper is tossed onto the kitchen table. We make it the rest of the way down the hall to the bedroom, where I shut the door behind us.
“Mmm. We should order that. Then I can suck it off of you.” I’m very drowsy now, and my mind starts conjuring up images of a pond with swans and a warm sunny day and dripping honey.
I feel a slight burn on my cheekbones, answering bluntly and honestly, "It's amazing. I can't describe how arousing it is to see your anus stretching to take me in."
“What? I....” my mouth snaps shut and I start over. “I did tell Greg to tell your brother that it wasn’t a race... and now we are trying to win?”
My lips spread into a wide, honest and relieved smile, collapsing fowards into him in a tangle of arms and legs, pushing my phone into his face, "You're my boyfriend John and I love you so much. Where have you beeeeeen?"
“I’m sure he does but then it would make it even more ours if we did it ourselves. It’ll be fun. I’m sure we could get Greg to help us....” I trail off with a small scowl. That had been the original idea anyway maybe he would be able to help us if he wasn’t too busy being married to Mycroft.
I nod carefully and close my eyes, taking a few deep breaths before opening my eyes to look into his.
There's a knock on the door and calling, "Room service. May I enter?" Calling back to confirm the door opens and a beautifully presented maid enters, rolling the trolley with her, filled with every kind of breakfast food and drink imaginable.
I give him a thin smile. “I’m just glad you’re ok.” I brush my hand down his arm to take his hand again.
“Well, you always make sure to tell me when I’m being boring, so I’ll make sure to spice it up when I am.” I scratch at the back of his skull and turn my attention back to the telly.
Smirking I nod, whispering softly into his hair, "The finest honey in the world. I believe there's some which goes for several thousand pounds a jar."
I go up behind him and put my hand on his shoulder. “We don’t need all those blankets.” I turn him to face me and start taking his coat off of him.
Looking at the towel I roll my eyes, "They dry naturally. I keep having this conversation with John."
I scoot closer and lay my head on his shoulder. “You’re still his brother. He loves you. But he’s taken a step back because... because you have me. He trusts me to watch over you.”
I’m just finishing up with a patient, when I hear a commotion out in the waiting room. “...need to see him right now... I LOVE HIM!” I hear a slurred voice that sounded strangely like Sherlock. Oh no.. I head towards the front desk, where I run into the receptionist. “What’s going on?” I ask her. “It’s Sherlock. He’s acting strange. Like he’s drunk.” She replies. My face falls and I head to out into the waiting room to see Sherlock spinning in circles, waving his phone and one of the waiting room magazines.
I pull up to the back garages of Baker street, parking in the one we pay a small fortune to rent and turning the car off, "Lets go and stoke the fire and pull out some whisky?"
I gaze into his eyes as I shift, using my free hand to guide myself to his stretched and slippery entrance, positioning to avoid a painful search, before starting to breach him
I breathe out a moan and let my head fall back on the sofa, while still holding his gaze. “Nggh. Jesus... your mouth...”
“Praise you?” I push in a little farther. “You want to hear how hard you made me while I watched you finger yourself?”
“You haven’t lost Mycroft. And what have I done to show you that I want to leave? I’m not leaving, Sherlock. I can’t. It would kill me.”
I give him a small smile. “I know. We’ll be back soon enough. It just needs cleaned up and aired out before it’s safe for us to be there.” I grab his hand.
My arms tremble, fearing for a moment I won't be able to hold myself up over him. One of our hands were still entwined together, the other supporting most of my weight. I could feel myself sheathed in pure, hot, pulsing bliss, stealing my words.
Nodding eagely I adjust my arms, reaching back with one hand to give myself a quick stroke back to hardness, having flagged while John collected himself, "Can....can you praise me again? While taking me hard?"
“No!” My head flies up to meet his eyes. “The complete opposite. I hated seeing you that way last night. You were hurting and in shock. I can’t lose you. It would kill me.”
Mycroft leaves, shutting the door behind him. I run my hand through the curls on his forehead, avoiding the back of his head where I knew it was tender. “Sherlock, please don’t shut me out. Talk to me.”
He pulls off of me and I let out a breathy “Uh.”, my hips pulling back into the couch. I nod my answer, swallowing, still trying to catch my breath.
“I was supposed to be there. I wasn’t there to save you. And I didn’t even know what you were working on was dangerous. And I left you alone.”
I nod slightly and the corners of my mouth turn up teasing a bit. “Good. I can’t say I don’t agree.”
I'm not expecting to be push away so suddenly, falling back and glaring at John in confusion Molly goes pale, looking as if she may faint.
My coat lands over the back of a kitchen chair, busying myself with filling the kettle and switching it on, grabbing our usual mugs and putting in teabags, "Go on. Enlighten me to what sort of brawling it was?"
My forehead is a little pale, eyes slightly glazed as I nod, trying to lay my head down onto the bed again, "Maybe just two tablets?"
“You’re in a hurry.” I comment, burying my face in his neck, sucking and biting my way to his collarbone.
I roll my eyes. “Thanks. It doesn’t help that the person giving the massage... was a man.” I twist my mouth again.
This was going to be more difficult than I thought. Molly is my friend too. How do you break up with someone that you’re not even with? I follow Molly into the kitchen.
I make a thoughtful face at that. “I haven’t had a real massage since I was doing PT for my shoulder.”
"No..NO!" I may come across a little desperate, feeling my body tremble with the new sensations, "I just thought it was more. Try another?"
My fingers slide into his, nodding, "As John has implied. I'm a bit of an idiot when it comes to matters of the heart."
I grunt as he slips two fingers along side his tongue, making me feel incredibly stretched. His fingers weren’t as soft and slick as his tongue. It burns and I tense around him.
Hesitating, I glance down the road, pondering if I should just make a break for it and run back to Baker street.
My smile grows, nodding, "I take all our romance now and fix it to items I place in that hotel suite. Do you understand now?"
I give a thoughtful hum, then pull a pillow from the side, under one leg till it's tucked under his bottom, displaying him nicely just at mouth level.
My hand was still covered in lube so I reach down and wrap my fingers around his cock and give him a little jerk.
I huff out when he pulls back. I give a fleeting thought to whether Sherlock would want me to do that to him. My cock gives a throb at the thought of how much he might enjoy it. “Would you want me to do that to you... sometime?”
I twist my mouth. “Thanks.” I slip off my jeans and step into the tub and lower myself between his legs, laying back on his chest. “Remember that list of romantic things? This goes on it.”
“Yes. I’ve been ordering your food for more than two years. I know what you like.” I get up and bring the bag and teas back to the bed.
I sigh into the glass, making a foggy spot. Maybe he was angry with me, more than he was letting on... or worse disappointed. We stayed quiet the rest of the ride to the flat.
Lifting a hand I bend my fingers in time, "One. We don't tell Mycroft. Two. We don't tell mummy. In fact, Three. We tell no one."
The lights change, bathing us in green lights before I drive off again, pulling John's hand with mine as I change gears, nodding, "Mine is at home for you John. I hope it will make you smile. I didn't want to give it too you while with the others. Especially not Mummy."
Tearing my gaze away from John's flushing neck and chest I glance at the fire, then back, "It never occurred to me. Here? In front of the fire?"
“But... it was damaged by the explosion and fire. Anthea arranged for the cleaning and repairs, but it’s going to take at least a week. She’s gotten us rooms at a hotel. Mrs. Hudson, too.”
John is becoming more open, wanton and greedy, sucking my tongue inside to caress his inner walls. My fingers stroke down his thighs, releasing them and leaving little red welts before as I press just a little with my fingernails into his tender skin
Glancing up from my laptop I give a little hum, then my look sharpens as his words filter through to my actual attention, "Bill? He's a bad influence on you."
Opening my lips into his, I whisper, "Then I will attempt to remember to say the words you prefer John. My love. The one who holds my heart and a piece of my soul."
My head turns just a little, sweaty and rather flushed, a vacant little smile on my lips though and glazed eyes, meeting his kiss fondly with my own.
I take his hand and let him pull me up and out of the cab. He pulls me to the front door of the flat, striding right through, as he had apparently not remembered to lock it in his haste to get to me this morning. I didn’t have the energy to scold him.
My shirt slithers to a silky purple pool at my feet, hands moving to John's muscular hips to squeeze, leaning in to whisper hotly in his ear, "Do you want to come inside me?"
"Do you think I'm broken in some way John?" My words come bluntly as I dry myself with the towel but there's a hint under them of concern.
Pulling the blankets over us I nod, though I still seem troubled, "He's good for Mycroft. I hope Mycroft is good to him."
All I can do is lie there and enjoy it. His fingers work over my upper back and neck. I sigh again. The oil was slick on his hands and it felt so soft.
I pull out, just for a second, squirting a generous amount of lube on my fingers one handed before starting to ease two back in, opening him before adding a third.
Leaving my own I crawl closer to John, shedding my jacket as I go, followed by my shirt, eyes fixed on him as I smirk, "I believe you may have an extra gift for me?"
I steal a quick kiss, before laying back again, "You seemed overwhelmed. You smiled but your hand was plucking at the sheets. Your hands always give you away John. Clenching in anger, twisting with nervous energy."
I scrunch up my nose, snapping, "I've just had sex with my partner here and now we're returning to our hotel for a relaxing bath." The cabbie rolls her eyes, "God, no need to take up stories lads. Was just asking."
I gasp when he starts kissing my shoulder and up my neck again. “Why are we still talking about this?” I say a little breathless.
Pulling back from John's face a little, I blink, then turn to Molly, speaking sternly, "I should inform you that myself and John are in a strictly monogamous relationship." Molly responds with a high pitched squeaking sound.
“Are you going to come for me? Already?” I change our position, putting him back down on the pillow and laying over him, trapping his cock between our stomachs. I thrust quick and deep into him. “Come for me, just like this.”
I raise a brow, playing with the slightly ginger stubble on his jaw, "Really? Are you telling me that you've always followed the law? I believed you had more of a moral compass you followed than blindly believing your superiors."
He pulls our hips together and I grunt from his forcefulness. I lean up to kiss him again. “I thought we were going to the bedroom.” I say between kisses.
I twisted my mouth. “Sorry... I should have asked if you wanted me to pull out.” I look away, a little embarrassed as I grabbed one of the spare pillow cases from the floor. I start to wipe up the mess we had made underneath him.
My elbows fold under me as I lay on my belly looking up at him with a disapproving glare, "Your sperm was to be the extra gift I referred too early." my nose wrinkles with a huff, "Or I was to invite you to stuff me full of cheer."
"John, no one should have to pull me out." Submitting to his attentions again I sigh, "I'm tired. Is one of those drugs properties to make me sleepy?"
I screw up my mouth. “I don’t want you to ‘provide’ me with it. It’s supposed to be for both of us. And you can’t honestly tell me that you wouldn’t be aroused by getting me off.”
Taking it I eye the hospital bag, "Is there only those pathetic tablets in there? They don't do much for me John."
I can't help but return her smile, a little fake around the edges but there. "Molly. I trust you're not going to attempt to kiss me again and we can work together as professionals once more?"
My lips curve just a little at the kiss, watching him with an expression close to awe, "How about I keep all dangerous or flammable experiments upstairs and we can fireproof the room? Sprinklers, reinforced door, the works?"
“Mmm. Shall I prepare for yesterday’s camp version of you, or is this more—” John waves his hand, which takes it away from Sherlock’s face, which is awful. He takes a bite of his toast to cope, shaking his head before swallowing.
"Need help?" the man asks, and Sherlock realises rolling down the window might be good because the man's voice is all blocked. He wants to hear it better.
In an attempt to bring back order, he puts away his equipment carefully, bagging and binning the liver, but as he washes his hands he notices they’re shaking. He sits at the table again, on the lower wooden chair, pretending to focus on his notebook but instead looking right through it. Maybe this was a mistake.
When Sherlock explains the polo game, John begins to laugh. It’s beautiful, and Sherlock is distracted for a solid ten seconds just watching his eyes crinkle with his smile before he protests.
"Five thousand pounds," the man says, and Sherlock blinks, and looks up at him. The man's looking amused again, but the wrinkles around his eyes are softer. "For the week."
"And twenty pounds for the drive," the man says. He’s chuckling slightly, and his hands are still in Sherlock's hair. Sherlock reaches for him, arms going around his waist, face burying itself in the man's shirt, and the man allows it, body open, still stroking Sherlock's curls as if it's not at all odd that a grown man is clutching him like a teddy bear, as if Sherlock's allowed comfort whenever he likes.
"Where did you learn to drive American cars?" he asks. What he means is "why would a prostitute need that particular skill," and they both know it.
“Sherlock,” Sherlock says, looking up at him. The man nods, meeting his eyes, brushing a curl out of his face.
Bit shorter, but plot development has to happen sometime. :) Thank you all for reading and commenting. I was feeling nervous about this piece and the comments really gave me the motivation to get through the block I had.
John taps his thigh twice. Sherlock realises what he means and lifts up enough for John to slide down both trousers and pants. He doesn’t know where the condom came from, but a moment later John’s rolling it on him with a practised hand. The first touch leaves him breathless and hazy, blinking down at John, dazed, as the man smiles at him gently.
Writing John as a sex god is incredibly fun. I'm just going to state that outright. If you haven't had the chance to write sex-god-John, consider it. It's a good time.
John pulls back again, eyes twinkling fondly. “Something for you to think of while I’m gone,” he says, like he knows Sherlock hates it when he’s gone even for a few hours. But then he stands and heads for the door again, and slips out of it before Sherlock has managed to squeak out a word.
This time he can’t control the way his head drops forward against John’s hipbone. It’s warm and firm, and that’s expected — what’s unexpected is the length against his cheek, and he gasps.
“I’m not sure,” he says, and turns to John, placing his chin on his palm, elbow propped on the table. “What do you think, dear?”
Stepping out on John’s arm, it turns out, is a very nice experience. For one, there’s a hand pressed to the small of his back, gentle, guiding, not pushy but very
Sherlock clings to his hand once he’s seated, and John crouches in front of him, looking at him warmly. “Hello, you,” he says warmly, and Sherlock trembles once with a combination of lust and nerves. “How was your meeting?”
“Going to rinse,” John warns him gently, and Sherlock nods blindly before feeling one hand leave his head, presumably to get the showerhead. Ah, yes; a moment later warmth cascades over his head and down his back and chest, dripping between his legs as he tries not to whimper. The hand still in his curls carefully shifts them, the stream of water coming at different angles as John presumably makes sure no suds are left. When the showerhead leaves Sherlock reaches forward, blind, groping John’s knee and then clutching one-handed at his thigh.
“Of. Of course I don’t mind,” Sherlock stutters and then recovers himself. “To the left down the hall... there’s a dressing gown, and towels are under the sink.”
“All right,” John agrees, with a slight nod. “Best kneel, then, lad.” It’s gentle instruction, not an order, but Sherlock treats it as one anyway, immediately going to his knees.
John’s lips are parted, and his tongue flicks over them automatically before he says slowly, “Yes. You’re right, of course. Incredible.”
The soft sound of a zip, and then he’s drawn forward again, the scent of John intensifying in a way that makes his gut drop and his blood sing. He parts his lips automatically. The guiding hand draws him in, softness brushing his lower lip, and he’s moaning, taking John in his mouth with a shudder. His hands come up to clutch at John’s trousers with white-knuckled desperation as he figures out how to breathe through his nose, how to work his tongue and lips around John’s length.
John looks up at him for a long minute, taking in that Sherlock’s fiercely ignoring his own arousal. Sherlock’s heart speeds up, worried, but then John takes his hand, standing smoothly.
“Tea’s in the right cupboard, above the kettle,” he says, and adds, “Milk is in the fridge, sugar’s on top of the micro in the box that says
John pockets the key and the card. “I’ll get myself the things on your card,” he promises gently, and Sherlock feels his shoulders drop with relief. “Now go before you’re late, your driver’s already here,” John continues, and a hand at the curve of Sherlock’s lower back guides him to the door, carefully locking up after them both.
The suit smells of John already. John, his cologne, his heat and an odd faint chemical scent Sherlock can’t remember the name for. “That’s it. Did you know you’re shaking, Sherlock? Your face stayed still but your hands are cold and trembling.”
“John,” Sherlock says, swallowing, but he doesn’t know what he meant to say, only that he wanted to say John’s name. John pauses by the door before coming back to the chair, crouching next to it. A calloused hand slips around his nape, and then he’s shuddering as those lips press into his, John licking into his mouth like this is much more than a good-bye for now kiss, like this is something that could last ages—
John’s eyes twinkle back at him. “Is it?” he asks mildly, and stands, helping Sherlock up. Sherlock grins and pulls on his coat as John tugs on his own, and then he’s leading the way out the door with a twirl of his coat-tails.
When Sherlock pulls back he’s red-faced, and he swallows. “I have a liver - an experiment - work,” he says, “But if you want to. Make yourself comfortable—”
“I can do that,” John agrees, eyes going soft at whatever Sherlock’s face has done. Sherlock wants to hide, but also he wants to bury his face in John’s stomach and breathe and breathe and breathe until his heart stops feeling like a woodpecker has attacked his chest.
A moment later he realises his mistake as deft hands sink into his curls, sending sparks down his spine, and he’s eye level with John’s cock. John’s fingertips brush his scalp, and Sherlock wonders how he survived without this, even as his mouth waters at the sight in front of him.
Sherlock reaches for the wine but then stops. It isn’t what he wants, he realises, and has a moment of remembering how James had looked at John at first, like he was seeing a dream come to life.
Sherlock spends all day fussing over what John might be doing. Mycroft has narrowed his eyes at him at least six times over the board table; Sherlock’s never been good at paying attention to these things but he’s normally good at hiding how much he’s ignoring it.
Sherlock swallows. “Not too appropriate.” John tilts his head, and Sherlock confesses, “Mycroft’s gay….”
“Stay,” he says, and disappears, before coming back wearing the dressing gown again, and holding Sherlock’s toothbrush, toothpaste, and a cup to spit in. “Here.”
John nods. “I’ll use your card and buy a suit at my price point, and whatever’s left over of the budget I can use as I please,” he bargains. Sherlock perks up, immediately curious about what John would spend the extra money on, but instead of questioning, he nods.
The odd consciousness of John continues all the way into the restaurant, where they find out they’re early. The host guides them both to a table, and John pulls back the chair for him, sitting next to him once he’s comfortably seated.
He hands the bottle back, laughter dying slowly as he manages to swallow, eyes gone dark as he watches John’s expression go mild again. “You’re infuriating,” he tells John, who raises an eyebrow.
Sherlock nods, blinking hard at the shirt in front of him, suddenly tired and upset and hoping the man will leave soon so he can cry and feel like an idiot without an audience.
“Whore,” John finishes wryly, and takes a swig from the bottle himself, to Sherlock’s surprise. “You seem to be doing fine figuring me out. How did you decide I was a doctor?”
The showerhead returns. Sherlock hadn’t even felt John’s hand leave his curls to reach for it. Conditioner rinses down his back, down his face, dripping off his nose and chin. He should lift his head, but he knows that if he does, the want will write itself on his expression, and John will know. He doesn’t want John to know. It’s too terrifying.
Sherlock wants to sink to his knees even before he looks up – and then he does look up, and John’s wearing glasses, greying hair slicked back. Sherlock whines despite himself, and John’s eyes crinkle at the corners, behind the lenses.
“Mr McCarthy,” he greets, offering a smile and the title, even though Charles has left off any sort of formality by addressing him as “Sherlock.” He’s older, assumes that he’s allowed to address anyone as he likes, but he’ll throw a fit if Sherlock calls him Charles.
“Close,” John warns him, voice low, hoarse and quiet. Sherlock wants to hear his name in that voice. He keeps the same rhythm, eyes fixed on John’s face. John’s polite and doesn’t thrust at all, hips iron-still as he comes, but it’s enough that Sherlock knows it’s running down his chin. He swallows hard, fast, he doesn’t want to waste a drop. Some tiny part of him wants to keep this – John’s cells, John’s molecules – and know that they’re in Sherlock after the week is over. He knows that’s not how biology works but can’t bother reminding himself.
For a moment, Sherlock’s offended, but then he catches on. “Oh,” he breathes, and blinks at John. “Obvious.”
John waits as Sherlock gets his breath back. John is patient as Sherlock stands on wobbly legs; he’s kind as he wraps Sherlock up in a towel and dries his hair (patting, never rubbing, his curls will frizz). Sherlock stumbles as he grabs the towel John used the night before (the faint smell of cologne) and tries to reciprocate the care. John seems to find this amusing, or perhaps endearing; there’s a twitch to his lips and crinkles near the corners of his eyes that says Sherlock’s done something good, anyway. Sherlock wants that expression to cross his face again, so he finds John a spare toothbrush, and carefully shaves and brushes his own teeth and styles his hair before darting into the other room, wanting to find John clothes that will work while he’s out buying a new set.
John stands, having finished his food sometime when Sherlock wasn’t looking. “I’ll go back around to my place to get something appropriate-but-not-tempting, if that’s all right?” he asks, walking past Sherlock to the sink and stroking three fingertips over his shoulders as he does, which makes Sherlock shiver down to his toes at the contact. He nods before he’s fully processed the sentence. Once he figures it out he is a little disappointed at the idea of John leaving, but he has to figure out more paperwork today, since he spent all the night before on his violin. So instead of protesting, he tilts his head back to look at John.
John pulled back from the hug enough so they could look at each other. His eyes were shining with unshed tears. That sight alone nearly tore Sherlock’s heart out. John swallowed. “And I’m sorry for acting like a dick,” he said hoarsely. His eyes flickered downwards, and then back up to Sherlock’s. “Let me ask you something.” His lips pulled down in a firm frown. “Did you do this because of what I said to you?” His arms started to fall away from Sherlock’s body, but Sherlock didn’t want the hug to end.
He looked back at him. “You had a hard time admitting we were friends in Baskerville, but now you’re married to me? How’d that leap happen?”
“Since when do you care about ethics?” John laughed, too. “Especially about death! You make jokes whilst standing over corpses.”
John placed his hand over his heart. He didn’t like this feeling. Was he just projecting, or did Sherlock seem sad, somehow, to receive the box from him? There wasn’t a reason for him to be sad, at least not one that John could see. John had felt strange because, if he were honest to himself, that was never the way he pictured giving Sherlock an engagement ring. He bit his lip. That was one of his deepest fantasies, not to have sex with Sherlock (although he certainly thought of that), but to be the one to sweep Sherlock off his feet, show him love and sentiment weren’t all ridiculous wastes of time, and marry him in front of all their friends and colleagues.
Sherlock sank back into the mattress, relieved the scenario in his head wasn’t true, and annoyed. “Mary. Why are you calling?”
Sherlock was sitting at the kitchen table and holding a banana. Rosie was eating a small piece of it in her height chair.
As the car drove to god-knows where, John’s resentment grew. It would just be starting trouble, but Sherlock was alone with his trauma for years, not reaching out until thirty years later. “Mycroft.”
The crude joke worked, as most crude jokes did with Sherlock. He laughed, “Yes, that would have been tragic.”
John stood in front of him and tugged lightly at his hip. “Now then.” He craned his neck upwards and kissed Sherlock, cupping the side of his neck. This was the first time they were kissing while standing, and Sherlock realized just how short John was. He found it very endearing. He didn’t know what to do with his hands, so he placed them on John’s hips.
John felt Sherlock’s abdomen tighten in a shuddering inhale. Sherlock let out a shaky exhale, but his playing continued on.
John just shook his head, tired of her and her games. He didn’t respond. He turned around and left the building.
John’s shoulders sagged. “I had a dream you were gone last night. I was beyond relieved to wake up with you there, but…” his voice trailed off.
John’s eyes widened, the tips of his ears flushing. “Are you saying Mycroft was right in Buckingham Palace, that you—you wouldn’t know if sex alarmed you, because you’re, or were, a virgin?”
John stirred when he felt movement on the mattress, having spent more time in a bed alone than with a partner, and his military instincts not allowing him to sleep through the disturbance. But, when he opened his eyes, he simply saw Sherlock rolling onto his side, back facing him. John yawned and lifted himself up on an elbow for a second to see it was 11:30 in the morning. He went back down on the bed, rubbing his eyes, a fuzzy feeling in his head. What a fucking night that was. He shuffled closer to Sherlock, but stopped short of wrapping his arm around him, fearing he would accidentally touch the bullet wound. Speaking of which, Sherlock should have taken more morphine hours ago. But then John heard him snoring softly into his pillow, and figured he should let him rest a little while longer. Last night, with the stress and the bloody drugs, took a toll on his weakened body.
The door opened, steam rushing out. John entered and saw Sherlock sitting atop the toilet seat, wearing light blue pajama pants, but his chest bare, water droplets gathered around his collarbone. He was looking at John expectantly.
want this, but I have, and only told you I didn’t because I thought it was one-sided. Plus,” he lifted his gaze sheepishly, “when we were having that conversation about the Woman, and yes, I know that’s what you’re thinking of, you were still grieving Mary. You
“Me too,” Sherlock admitted. He was glad that he wasn’t the only one who had a minor emotional crisis on the sofa. Sherlock leaned into his touch, cheek growing warm under John’s hand. “Our entire previous conversation about you not knowing what to do about--well, me, had me on edge.”
He stared at John, the only sound in the room his heavy breathing. “I suppose,” he said after a long pause.
“Great,” he said, looking down at the table. Thinking about it, Mary didn’t compliment his physical appearance often, although he didn’t exactly call her beautiful every day, either. She was pretty, he thought. But, that...was it. Pretty. Perfectly feminine. It made an old, deep-rooted part of him uncomfortable to think he thought Sherlock was more attractive than a woman. He needed to get over this. He couldn’t let himself be afraid of being attracted to a man anymore.
“I just turned down your morphine,” John frowned. “Sorry. It looked like you were having a bad dream.”
“But I do now,” John shifted and stared into his eyes. “And you bloody know what? I’m ready to do nothing but love you for the rest of our lives.”
“Sorry to ruin the peaceful moment, but I just sort of showed up on Mrs. H’s doorstep with Rosie and came up here, and I should really go get her.”
Mrs. Hudson was overjoyed but puzzled when she was told John was moving back in. “So soon?” she asked.
“Because you told him caring isn’t an advantage,” John crossed his arms over his chest. “Do you have any idea how much you fucked with his head?”
“I feel tired, but free. I don’t have to kiss her or sleep in the same bed with her ever again. I don’t have to pretend anymore.”
John came back with a glass of water and he placed it on the coffee table in front of them. He lifted the quilt and sat back on the sofa, but this time, he was closer to Sherlock. When he sat, his arm and side brushed Sherlock’s. “Oh, sorry,” John said, sitting up straight.
John couldn’t hold back a snort of laughter. “I guess the whole sexy undressing bit has gone over your head?”
To her credit, Irene looked confused. She turned to John, and her eyes lasered in on his wedding band. But her light eyes ran over his face, too similar to Sherlock’s deduction process for comfort, and she had the grace to sink back in the chair. “Forget I said anything, Dr. Watson.”
Sherlock looked up. “I genuinely don’t know,” he admitted. “If we were in a relationship, and then I faked my death, wouldn’t that have been worse?”
though. A strong wave of nausea rolled through his stomach and he jumped up from the bed, running into the bathroom, but only gave a couple dry heaves into the sink before the feeling subsided.
Sherlock could have laughed at that, if it didn’t require more oxygen. Was he okay? He felt like someone beat him with a baseball bat every day for weeks. “No, of course I’m not okay. Malnourished, double kidney failure, and frankly, I’ve been off my tits for weeks.” He swallowed.
Sherlock came back a couple minutes later and sat in the middle of the mattress, facing John. He had a determined look on his face. “All right,” he said and closed his eyes and puckered his lips.
“She could only have a little bit,” John said, although he liked the image of Mrs. Hudson baking for Rosie.
Sherlock breathed, and he closed his eyes and buried his face into John’s neck. He felt vulnerable and exposed, but also cared for and protected. He didn’t know what to do with these contradictory emotions. “John,” he whispered.
John still couldn’t look at him. His emotions were all over the place but at least that aspect became clearer. “That makes sense.” He licked his lips. “Were you afraid of me and my feelings, specifically?”
Sherlock had to tense his muscles so he didn’t shiver in John’s arms. “If I ever leave, it will be because you want me to,” he said woodenly.
Sherlock put away his phone and looked around for John. It was a Friday afternoon after the school day ended, so there were some kids, mainly teens, walking through the park with their backpacks and annoying chatter. He felt ridiculous, waiting here on the bench for his love to arrive like some lovesick protagonist in an afternoon soap opera. Mrs. Hudson liked that kind of bile.
“No,” she crossed her arms over her chest. “I don’t want to play your little games. I want a damn explanation, right
Sherlock smacked his lips, and still again, letting out a soft, sleepy mumble. John stared at him for a few more minutes, savoring this time and the sight of his love, years younger and at ease. John closed his eyes, wrapping an arm around him.
by picking Angelo’s, but it’s been awhile since we’ve gone out.” Well, he truly didn’t remember the last time they went out to dinner together alone. The last time they went out all was for his birthday, but Molly was there.
Sherlock looked at him like he grew ten heads. “Yes?” he answered hesitantly. His face fell. “Was I...was I not supposed to?”
Sherlock had to take responsibility for his actions. He remembered John saying that if he were to meet his admirer, it would have to be in a public place for safety reasons. He could do that. If they met in a public place, maybe John would postpone punching him in the face (not that being in public stopped John from attacking him when Sherlock came back, but he thought that was a different story entirely). Ignoring the stinging of his eyes and the heaviness of his heartbeats, he got his laptop and typed out a small note:
John did, and with each gentle caress of his lips, and the warm security of John’s hands on his face, the hollowness in Sherlock’s chest was filled with tranquility, and he found himself confessing his love over and over again between kisses, and those three words were returned each time.
“I am serious,” he said darkly. “I obviously didn't anticipate arriving at a time while you were…” He bit the inside of his cheek. “Intimate.”
John swallowed. “The great Sherlock Holmes can’t find his words?” The tease sounded hollow to his ears. God, Irene had always done that to him, hadn’t she? John remembered when Sherlock stuttered and stammered in front of her as she sat naked during their first meeting. A hand was squeezing his stomach.
Sherlock hated this conversation. "I think he's afraid to come forward at this time. I can assure you, John, that this person is not some stalker planning to harm you."
Mycroft’s mouth was caught between trying to look impassive and concealing a scowl. “You need to go back to my brother. Your ex-girlfriend is on the loose, and I need to keep you two as safe as possible. Sherlock is now in a flat with an elderly woman, recovering from a wound that should have been fatal. I don’t know what happened between you two, although I can take a good guess,” his eyes scanned John’s face, uncannily similar to the way Sherlock did it, “but whatever’s upsetting you will be useless if you or my brother wind up dead,” he said sharply.
“It…” He rubbed the spot. His brows furrowed further, looking perturbed. “You…” His voice sounded far away. “You almost died.”
John was about ten feet away from him, holding the note in his hands, looking around with apprehension. He looked to his left and turned away, his back now facing Sherlock.
“I can’t tell if it was a dream or memory. It was, it was jumbled. It could’ve been a couple things, or it switched around in the weird way dreams do. I was on a train car with you? There was a bomb and we didn’t think we’d make it, but you tricked me and we were fine. Then, we were at some man’s house…” He squinted. “He was tall, had a beard and glasses, and he was an arsehole...he flicked my face. I don’t know why I didn’t punch him, but you shot him in the head.”
It occurred to Sherlock that his suspicions were correct; John really must not have known how he felt about him. John wouldn’t have talked about this situation in depth if he knew Sherlock had even the slightest bit of non-platonic affection for him. John wasn’t cruel. It made more sense now that John didn’t think he could be in a relationship, since he truly didn’t know Sherlock cared for him so deeply. The realization made him feel slightly better, but frustrated as well, because again, he thought that all he did for John got the message across. Apparently not.
He heard someone knock on the door down below, footsteps, and then the voices of who he now recognized as Mr. and Mrs. Holmes.
How could he face John again? Even aside from the pure mortification, Sherlock was certain that remembering him in the act would upset him even more if John were actually in front of him. He swallowed hard. This was his fault.
John yawned, scratching the back of his neck. “Mmm. God, it feels good having a shower after two bloody weeks.”
He heard John sigh. “I know,” John said. “I know you didn’t mean to--do that. And I’m sorry for yelling at you like that.”
John really didn’t care that his face was soaked with tears, too overwhelmed to be embarrassed, but he didn’t know what to say.
“I know,” Sherlock cut him off gently, “I have confidence in you, I’m only saying. The prospect of being with you is worth everything else.”
he asked himself internally. He was 42 years-old, turning 43 next month, and he felt like everything went irreversibly wrong. He was nearly middle-aged, damn it, and he felt like a failure. His marriage was an absolute disaster from start to finish, he was barely married for a year before he was unfaithful, and he screwed things up with his best friend.
he had cried. That was a rather plain statement, wasn’t it? But John wouldn’t try that again right now. At the same time, though, he asked in a small voice, “But, I know we said we’d talk later, but just to be clear,” a furious blush bloomed all over his face, “when you pulled back--were you disgusted by me? Or no?”
John was confused. He thought Sherlock would have been uncomfortable around him today, or at the very least, act like it didn’t happen. But he was acting as happy as he was before he got shot. Perhaps Sherlock was touched by John’s fumbling statement? When he had told Sherlock to pursue Irene, he got a completely different response, but now he knew why. Sherlock’s current mood could have been due to John no longer misunderstanding him, and saying he should be with anyone (a man.
Hey. I'm sorry for taking longer than usual to update. The U.S. election happened and I didn't feel like writing for days. All I'll say about it here is that if you need to talk, my tumblr inbox is open. It'll be okay.
“It feels like last night was an odd dream, doesn’t it? A lot happened within a short amount of time.”
“Somewhat,” he gave a humorless laugh. “It’s frustrating, but I guess it’ll all return eventually. Not all the memories are pleasant, either.” Normally, John wouldn’t admit something like that to anyone but Sherlock, but he was still tipsy.
John looked out the window. He was glad Rosie was here. She was the only thing keeping him from drinking right now.
John looked guilty as soon as Sherlock mentioned the shooting. “I...Yeah. Yeah, you’re right.” He rubbed his eyes. “She holds grudges. She won’t let me divorce her and go with you happily into the sunset.”
John shook his head slowly, finding his voice. “Absolutely nothing.” He sighed, partly because of the ache in his chest, and partly because of how beautiful Sherlock looked.
Then, the overhead lights to the sitting room switched on, and John saw Sherlock. He was standing by the switch next to the entry to the kitchen, in pajama pants and his red dressing gown, shirtless. John would have stared at his chest if he weren’t staring at the revolver in Sherlock’s hand.
“You should have let me in,” John interrupted. He wasn’t angry. He was just so damn tired. “We could’ve been a team. Nothing would have made me slip up, Sherlock, not even torture,” he said truthfully.
He shrugged. “I don’t know. It’s just an impression I get,” he lied. “I don’t think we can work if we keep secrets from each other.”
John felt extremely protective and his body tried to shoot up into a sitting position, but he only managed to lift himself up for a second before his body fell back to the sofa like a sack of potatoes, his limbs weak but heavy. “Mary,” he growled.
John wiped the last of his tears on his sleeve. He felt awful, for every single reason. While it was true that Sherlock’s return was much less painful the second time around, it did not fail to make his heart clench. It had been years in his timeline, and it still got to him. “I’m not sure if I’ll ever be over this,” John admitted quietly.
John...He spaced out. John was physically smaller than he was. Sherlock could wrap his whole body around John, hold him, roll his hips and thrust...thrust
John licked his lips. “I...Really?” He swallowed audibly. “I guess this makes sense...sort of.” He scratched the back of his neck, averting his gaze. “I, uh, when you were gone, I thought about how if I got a second chance with you, I’d tell you how I felt, so I guess I must’ve done that when you came back. I guess I grew a set of bollocks in five years, huh?”
John picked up their wedding rings from the table, looking at them in his palm. “But we could have never worked. If you hadn’t shot him, I think something would have ended our marriage, and nothing could stop me from wanting to be with him.”
He paused writing for a minute to imagine if he and John created some kind of plan to arrest Mary. They probably would have come up with something. They could have gotten Mycroft and the Yard to assist them. The misery in their lives could have ended in 2015. He wiped his eyes and kept typing.
She sighed, although a smirk remained across her painted lips. “I need a safe place to stay until I leave Europe permanently. My sources informed me my enemies got wind of my location. I asked Sherlock for help, and he offered his flat. So,” she held out her hands, “here I am.”
Sherlock knew that. He had a scar on his chest to prove it. He was troubled by how unhappy John suddenly seemed. This new information made less sense. If they were that unhappy, why did they have sex? Sherlock wished he were normal so he could understand.“Okay,” he said in resignation. He would find out more at another time, perhaps when Sherlock told the truth about her.
John turned on his side with a sigh, closing his eyes. Now really wasn’t the time to think about this. After a couple minutes, the cries died down on the baby monitor, and a couple minutes after that, Sherlock came back to bed, kissing John’s shoulder before he curled up behind him.
A flutter of anticipation tickled John’s stomach. This was sort of a formal way to start off a blow job, but it wasn’t unexpected for Sherlock. “Wherever you’ll be comfortable.”
“That makes sense,” Sherlock concluded, the suspicion in his gaze diminishing. His face turned slightly abashed. “I never meant to cause you so much stress.”
Sherlock almost strutted in the room like a peacock. He had missed John’s combination of care and exasperation. It was one of the things that made him John.
John shot up with a gasp, hand on his chest, eyes opening and meeting the darkness of the room. The dream shouldn’t have been disturbing, but it was. Something about it was weighing down John’s heart and wrapping a shiver around his spine like a vine.
John shrugged his coat off, hanging it on the hook attached to the door. His shoulders were rigid, and his hands balled into fists. He dropped the bag to the floor with a soft
You know, I started this story before the U.S. election and season 4. It feels REALLY weird thinking about that lol
He walked up to Sherlock, grasped his wrist, and firmly kissed him on the mouth. He fought past the hard beating in his chest and kept kissing him, arm sliding around his waist.
John crossed his leg over his knee, starting to relax a little. “Hmm. Well, I’m glad you think so.” Smile fading to a frown, he said, “She was right, though. If she didn’t do everything she did, I would feel more sorrier for her. I did treat her like a replacement. I met her when you were gone, and I still didn’t think I could have you when you came back.”
Sherlock was out for the greater part of the day, eyes occasionally opening only to roll and close again, and John wasn’t sure he was even more than 20% awake at those times. Nurses came in to check on him a few times, and at one point the doctor came in to explain the anatomy of the bullet wound to John, but he knew all of that already. The rest of the day passed in a strange haze. He only got up to use the loo, and it wasn’t until he went to pull down his trousers that he realized he wasn’t in trousers at all--he was still in his pajamas. He sat there during the night thinking of when he ran up to Mary, beaming and telling her that Sherlock had made it. He felt like such a fool, now, but he supposed in that timeline, he would always be an idiot. Not that it mattered, he supposed, since this was apparently reality now. Or whatever. He didn’t fucking know.
“I did, back then,” John agreed, “but never as much as I love you. And for the record, I regretted the marriage even before she shot you.”
Sherlock decided that he would deliver the note himself, if John were going to find out it was him today anyway. It was still early in the morning, though, and he wanted to wait towards the end of John’s shift at 5. He spent most of the day failing to occupy himself, a ball of dread lodged in his chest. He felt so jumpy that he didn’t dare attempt to eat. He was so desperate for a distraction that he actually spent two hours cleaning the flat. If Mrs. Hudson knew, he was sure she would faint from shock. Speaking of her, Sherlock had a desire to vent to Mrs. Hudson about his troubles, but decided against it. If John rejected him, then he would have to tell Mrs. Hudson about it later, and he wasn’t sure he would be able to do that.
Sherlock’s lips worked wordlessly. He gulped audibly. “I wanted to figure it out,” he choked out. “It always helped me figure things out--”
“She has your nose and your eyes, but the rest must be from her mother. Where is her mother, anyway?”
Maybe it was a trick of the light, but John thought that Sherlock’s blush was deepening down to his chest. “Well, usually, yes,” John conceded. “But, we’ve never exactly been normal friends, have we?” he joked.
Sherlock wanted to cover his face and hide and scream and run into John’s arms all at the same time, and it resulted in him sitting as still as a statue. He wanted to beg,
Sherlock hugged him in response, a deep sigh coming from his chest. “Sorry for not getting you off,” he said into his shoulder.
Sherlock blinked and frowned, taking a small step forward. “John, you aren’t all right,” he said carefully. “Would you tell me what’s wrong?”
“I…” He couldn’t admit what he was feeling. “I don’t feel well.” Okay, that wasn’t a lie. He did feel dreadful.
“The last thing he remembers is living here,” Sherlock told her, holding two suitcases filled with John’s clothes, “so it will be more comfortable for him to be here than that flat.” Well, that wasn’t a lie, necessarily. It would have been disorienting for John to have gone back to the other flat to be alone with Rosie. Sherlock’s excuses sounded weak even in his own head. “I apologize for asking you again, but would you take Rosie while this is happening?”
“I knew!” He took a deep breath. “The way you acted--I knew there was something. It felt like I was dating a facade, and wasn’t
John was so fucking tired of this bloody game. “No. Why help her if she hurt you? Why not block her number and keep receiving texts from her? I don't understand why you act like you despise her.”
“So are you,” he playfully nipped his neck. As much as he wanted to giggle with John in bed all day, he had to talk about Mary sooner or later. After a few minutes of silence, he felt John’s body start to relax again. They should talk before one of them falls back asleep. “John, there’s something we need to discuss.”
“Listen,” he said quietly, “it’s something I’ve been thinking about for quite a bit.” Well, that was technically true. He thought things would have been better if he’d broken up with Mary the first time for almost two years. “I just--you’re great,” he forced himself to say, “but I don’t think we’re cut out for each other.”
I close the kiss then pull back. “I haven’t been saying it because you hadn’t said it and I thought it was making you feel... feel uncomfortable.... obligated.” I look away again.
“I know. Sometimes I like to hear the words, too.” I give him a wink, to let him know I wasn’t too hung up on it, just teasing.
His tongue feels so good and the sensation seems to relax me all over. But I was starting to get impatient, I wanted to move on. “Maybe just try one finger?” I suggest.
"Yes...captain bossy Watson," I manage to gasp out, following his orders and adjusting my hips to press in more, his body swallowing my shaft now greedily.
“What kinds of things?” I ask, I lick all around the head of his cock before sucking him into my mouth.
“No. Because I was already dreaming and it wasn’t about you sneaking out to see Greg.” I roll over to face him in the dark.
His fingers made his way, below my balls and I gasp, tensing. This was new. But then the shock was over as he started working up and down my cock with his mouth. My fingers start working into the fabric of the couch. He swipes his tongue around my head on every up pull, and I can’t help but let out a whine every time.
"I feel..." Following John like a sweeping, bobbing kite being pulled by a string, I search for the proper word. "...used."
“Yeah I can get some...” I trail off when I see his neck. I guess I had gotten a little carried away this morning. I clear my throat and hope Molly wouldn’t notice. “Molly, coffee?”
“No, he wasn’t angry. No one was angry with you, Sherlock. We were worried.” I turn towards him and grip his bicep.
"I know. It was a terrible idea really, wasn't it?" In contrast to my words I wriggle my trousers down and step out of them, shivering, my thin frame doing nothing to dispel the chill in the room.
I look at Sherlock for help but he snaps his mouth shut. “ Molly, Sherlock and I… We… We wanted to tell you... ahrm...” I stop myself to take a deep breath.
I try to answer but darkness drags me under, slipping into a restful, peaceful sleep, aided by my healing mind.
“Oh... that feels nice.” I sigh out. My hands always feel stiff and with him working them over they suddenly felt loose.
Using my knees and back I thrust up and down him, in and out of my hand against him, panting, my other arm supporting me on the bed above him as I pant, "Cl...close."
I remain stiff, sitting on the edge of my seat and gripping John's hand under the table as Molly serves us all red wine. Peering at the glass I mutter, "Red with sea food pasta? Really?"
The eyebrow raise becomes an eyeroll, poking a bony finger into John's good shoulder, "You're hiding things. You know you can't hide things from me."
Lifting my head slightly I snap, a little grouchy now and defensive, "Sexuality doesn't have to be black and white Molly. Surely you know that with all the looks you keep giving that female doctor who comes down to the morgue to get test results."
My fingers slide into his, closing my eyes again and laying there, enjoying the crackle and pop of the fire as it dims, the warmth of the blankets and the smell of musk in the air.
“I know... you just said once that you wanted to try so I want to give this to you. I want to experience it. Even if we never do it again.” I grip his sides, “If you don’t want to, we don’t have to, though.”
Sitting up I reach and grab the lube from besides us, a loud snick heard as I flip the cap open and start dribbling it over my long fingers, "Why waste time? I know what I want, I know how to get it."
I press back into him and start putting kisses down his neck. “Hmmm? Tell me.” I mumble between kisses.
“Yeah.” I whisper, huskily. I stand pulling him up with me and kiss him softly again, my hands grabbing onto his coat.
I can't stop my transport from rebelling and giving a small shudder, leaving the table and going to flop down besides him, my head falling down quite hard into his lap to demand strokes.
Blinking I seem taken by surprise, pausing in my undressing of my partner and frowning, "I had the same thought but I don't know these 'things' well enough to say." I pronounce the word as though it was a curse.
“Mmm. I get to order you around enough.” I pull him harder against me and bury my face in his neck, kissing lightly.
Wriggling so I'm straddling his waist I sit up more and then reach around myself, grunting as I push two lubed fingers straight into myself without wasting time, "I'm going to do this. You can just sit back and watch while I'm brilliant. As always."
“Right. Nice try. 4 hours and no sooner.” Laying on my back, I pull him to my chest, wrapping my arms around his back.
Picking up my fork I start pushing my egg around the plate, "That Sussex place was a rather sleepy little backwards hotel. This is top of the range, modern."
"I am, so stop pouting." There's a small smirk on my lips as I glance over, then back to my laptop, "But massage won't take all day and I'm growing bored."
My hips grind onto his, showing him I'm well prepared already before catching his hand in mind, kissing his fingertips gently, "We have time to get there, if we hurry."
I let my feet rest flat on the bed and I take a few deep breaths trying to calm myself. I wanted so much for us both to enjoy this.
My shoulders hunch as I drop my head again, arching my back and trying to open myself as fully as possible, relaxing my anus easily now with practice, "Praise me?"
“No, of course I’m not angry. What matters is that you and Greg and Mrs. Hudson are going to be ok. I mad at myself, though.” I shake my head looking down. “I’ve never paid attention to what you were working on, never asked. I should pay attention to that. To keep you safe. I couldn’t keep you safe this time.”
I'm growing utterly confused by his answers, reaching to pull him into my side, "I'm lead to believe that massage therapy is very different to physio therapy for injuries."
I clean him gently, knowing how sore and tender he'll be, before dropping the flannel to one side and pulling out the stained pillow, tossing it over my shoulder and crawling back into bed, the blankets pulled up and over us as my arms reach for him, "There's a first for a lot of things today it seems."
“Yes... I think... the breeder said it was very rare. They thought it was extinct for a while. He assured me that it died of natural causes. He said it’s only been recorded in seven different locations in Sussex.” I give him a soft smile.
“Oh god... Sherlock...” I get closer and closer to the edge as I feel him start to come undone on top of me, because of me. My eyes start stinging with emotion and I try desperately to blink it back, feeling silly. I bury my face into his neck, pressing kisses there and breathing him in, But that just makes it worse and the stinging persists through my squeezed lids.
“No... I just... it would be nice to hear it more often... especially after something like this.” I look up at him quickly. “I’m sorry. I know you’re not comfortable saying it. But you should be. I won’t ever not say it back.”
My eyes widen as he pushes fingers inside himself. I hum and start trailing my fingers down his throat and to his chest.
“Okay... if you say so. I think you just like the attention.” I grab him around the waist and pull him close to me.
Blinking rapidly I stare at him in a befuddled little cloud of happiness, wondering what on earth he was talking about at a time like this.
Gazing into his eyes I finally start to understand, tilting my head slightly, "Have you ever felt like this John?"
I squeeze his hand in mine, watching with a slightly gaping and saliva filled mouth as his body accepts my fingers, adjusting to them and stretching, whispering huskily, "I can add another, if you wish?"
I hold the tub for him as he gets sick again. I help him back to the bed slipping the gown on his arms before helping him under the covers. I take the tub to the bathroom to clean it out and when I come back the nurse was coming in to take his blood.
My throat bobs as I swallow, then start to nuzzle his hand, eyes fluttering shut, "You were...stunning John Watson."
Chuckling, I try and undo my jacket as we go, dropping it in a heap in the kitchen and reaching for John's jumper to tug it up, "My husband to be."
"NoPe." I chuckle, popping the word. "I believe you're drugging me. Seeing how long till I notic..." the word is inturpted by a wide, jaw clicking yawn, "Did all the honey survive the blast?" the words are sleepy now, lazy.
I roll my eyes and kneel down to slip on his socks and shoes, tying them up for him. “You look ridiculous, you know that?”
My feet pound on the floor as I approach him, heart racing, not just from the fast walk back home but from nerves, emotions. I drop to one knee in front of him, reaching into my coat pocket, hoping he hasn't changed his mind in the hours I was out.
I keep my glare at full throttle, "I have such a high tolerance and swift metabolism that I can process it faster than ordinary people."
Sherlock crushes his lips onto mine and I hear Molly let out a squeak. I attempt to push him off of me. “Sherlock!”
Blinking I come out of my little experiment trance, turning my head and peering down at him, "When did you get in? I thought you were at the clinic today?"
“She might have something to say to you without me there. She wasn’t infatuated with the both of us you know.” I whisper back.
I'm busy laying a perfect third dinner place at the rather small table. A candle sits in the middle ready to be lit, the lights dimmed low. There's a CD of James Blunt playing in the background quietly and a large vase of roses dominate the kitchen window as a backdrop.
I sense I may be a little too eager, backing off and slipping my tongue out once more. I go back to licking and swirling around his outer muscle instead, unable to help but give a low hum of pleasure.
“Oh.” I was already half hard and warm, being near him did that to me. “Are you sure your feeling up to it?”
My other hand quickly reaches, grabbing his arm and trying to guide his grasping fingers to my hair, my other hand massaging him harder as I feel his balls lift up tight, a salty sweet little burst on my tongue that I lap up eagerly, tongue sweeping back and forth over and inside his slit.
My body slides away from his, slipping downwards till I'm gazing up at him with a look of pure mischief, "Open your legs and I'll examine your Christmas sacks of joy?"
I lean my head back on his chest a bit more, closing my eyes. I run my fingers down his leg. “If I fall asleep don’t let me drown.”
The front door slams downstairs and startled me awake. I groan and peer at the up at the ceiling where the light from the setting sun painted it orange.
My mouth makes a thin line. I let him doze, while the paramedics care for him. Soon, we stop in front of the A&E. I let the paramedics wheel him out of the ambulance before I climb out after them. The paramedics rattle off his symptoms to the receiving doctors and nurses. “Vomited in the ambo. Smoke inhalation. Possible toxic fumes. Multiple small lacerations in his scalp.” I follow after them and into a room.
“I can. I can care for the concussion and the sutures but not the lung function. We are staying here, until your doctors say it’s ok for us to go home.”
I nod and move around him towards the kitchen. I say my goodbyes to Molly and then go out the front door to find Sherlock pacing on the pavement in front of the flat.
Stretching a little I chuckle, whispering, "No, as then I'll want you to carry it out and I'm not well enough. You said so."
“Just like this for a minute...” I lift my hips a bit to meet his fingers. I grunt as his fingers reach deeper than they had before.
"Oh please, please." I beg, gyrating my hips and letting it transform my transport into a sparkling thing of pure pleasure, releasing hormones and neurotransmitters into my brain and bloodstream till I sing with them, before finally bucking and starting to let loose thick ribbon after ribbon of pleasure over us both.
In a daze I peer up at John, blinking slowly with a slightly glazed look, "You're going to murder me over the microwave."
Frowning, I consider John's words, before lifting my free arm to summon a car, tugging him into it and settling, gazing out the window without answering with a distant look in my eyes that signals I've retreated to my mind palace.
“No, it’s not.” I add a sausage back to his plate. “I know you don’t like beans and they’re below your social class but at least eat the sausage and eggs.”
“Those people generally don’t... love one another. And their desensitized to it.” I let out a small yawn. “You’re right, that was exhausting.”
"Too long!" I snarl, wrapping myself up in the blanket before trying to stand, waddling towards the door.
I grab his things and followed him out into the hallway. “Um.... Sherlock. We’re not going back to Baker Street. Not today.”
“Hey John, is Sherlock that mad at me? I was texting him but he didn’t answer.” Molly sounds a little crestfallen on the other end of the line. “No, no. We didn’t plug our phones in last night. So his must’ve died. What’s up?” I ask. ‘Where’s your phone?’ I mouth to Sherlock. “Well, I came into work to get caught up. And I’ve got an interesting infection here that I thought Sherlock might like to take a look at... if he’s interested...” she says. “Hold on, I’ll ask him.” I look at Sherlock. “Molly wants to know if you’d like to come down and seen an interesting infection that she has... on corpse.”
I leave the food to one side, knowing it will be just as nice cold in the morning as now. The basket too is left on the side waiting. Instead I pull my laptop over and return to my research on massage techniques, allowing John to slumber on despite the snoring and occasional muttered words and giggles from him.
Making a little grumbling noise I try and push whoever is prodding me away, shaking my head, "No more today...Mycroft ate the last one."
“No, don’t do that. It’s normal. And you were beautiful.” I brush the curls sticking to his forehead back.
"They've seen them before, " I snap back, starting to grow irritable as my head and stomach ache, "And I want samples. Otherwise you get nothing from me." With that I flip myself over to curl up in a ball facing the wall, my pale rump visible to all.
"No!" spinning around I reach and grab John's arms, leaning in close and saying very slowly and very carefully, "She. Kissed. My. Lips."
As we arrive at Molly's rather neat, small house I glare at John, hands shoved deeply into my pockets, "All I said to them was that I could see why they were all having marital issues if their approach to the bedroom was similar to their approach to work. I don't see why they got so angry."
“Please... you’re driving me mad...” I beg. His mouth was amazing but I wouldn’t be able to come just like this. I didn’t want to.
“You take care of me just fine. Besides, it’s not really that bad... you don’t have to... ahhh” I let out a hiss as he puts the cloth with the antiseptic wash on my spilt lip.
He plunges his tongue into me and I groan out. Why did I worry, when his mouth was so good no matter what it was doing?
“See, no electricity, remember.” I go over and close the window, and then grab an extra blanket out of the wardrobe, tossing it on the bed. I start to strip off my coat.
“John, left to get coffee, Sherlock.” Molly says shaking her head. Molly goes over to the other table with a body under a sheet. She pulls it back and shows Sherlock the infected area on the man’s arm.
“Ohh... I’m sorry, love.” I chuckle a bit more, sliding my fingers through his hair now. “What can I do to make it up to you?”
Nodding eagerly I add, "You can lock up and take the keys with you whenever you go out? I won't even try and pick the lock."
“No...” my voice comes out in a whisper so I clear my throat and start again. “No… You’re not hurting me.. I’m… Just overwhelmed I guess…”
His words make the stinging behind my eyes return. I squeeze my eyes shut and take a ragged breath, trying not to let it come out as a sob.
Blinking I sit up a little straighter, feeling totally out of my depth and wondering if this is the point she starts throwing things...if we'd get dinner delivered by air instead of our plates. "Happier. Than I've ever been."
A muffled little grunt comes from my throat as I swallow a little more, my nose now firmly planted in John's pubic hair, eyes still gazing upwards at him with a small arch of my brow. One hand slips upwards to finally undo his belt and button.
Shaking my head I none the less allow myself to be lead along the corridor by my doctor, "But John...England will fall"
“Yes. It’s just my cum and all the lube... That happens in... vaginal sex also.” I frown at my own clinicalness.
My body rocks with his, gasping and yielding to his increasing roughness. My arms tense and I start to push back when he thrusts, my own movements hard and almost violent in the wet slaps coming from our meeting, growling my words loudly, "Harder. Captain Watson!"
I take a deep breath. “I did enjoy it. physically....it was different. Mentally and emotionally... I did too... I think. It was just so much.... I felt like you were really taking care of me... that I was the only person in the world. That you really loved me.” Once I found the words, they just poured out.
My body explodes into sensations, verging on painfully arousing. My pelvis and spine jangle with electricity shooting up and down them making me arch my body and grind down into the feeling, rotating my hips in sheer luxury.
“Yes, I’ll go look in on him. He’s still on the vent until morning though.” I brush the hair near the back of his head, looking at his stitches. “How’s the pain from your sutures?”
My eyes start to close, feeling the pull of sleep that is still unexpected after my release, muttering, "Your anus may not be fine in the morning."
I take the envelope from him and then bend to pull a package out from under my chair and hand it across to him, with a smile.
My fingers quickly slip away, returning to just kissing and sucking on his skin to ease the pain. I know it may take some time to relax and prepare him but I'm patient.
Shaking my head I allow some of my frustration out, "That's just it John. It wasn't dangerous. It shouldn't have been dangerous. I know that much. Just...something happened. An accident."
"But what can we -do- John? I've been laying here all night." My fingers come up to comb through his hair gently, a contrast to my grumpy words.
Sitting down on the bed with a thump I huddle in my coat and blanket, lifting my bare feet and wriggling them at John hopefully.
My face falls a bit when I see Molly had changed. “Molly, have a seat. Sherlock and I... we um... have some news.”
Ducking down, I pull out the fully stocked medical kit that would make any medical professional jealous, lifting it onto the side of the bath and sitting beside it. My touch is gentle as I take his jaw to examine his lip and bruising, "Lestrade done this?"
“Now who’s saying things that are hard to believe? You never thought about anything when you were getting yourself off?”
I chuckle, taking his head between my hands. “No, Love. Sod the bloody microwave. I can buy 100 new microwaves. I can’t replace you.”
I sigh deeply, still running my hand up and down his side. I start pressing kisses into his shoulder blade. “You’re not sleeping are you?” I say with a smile.
Around 30 minutes later I answer the door, receiving the trolley of food and a basket with all the items I requested. Turning I observe the loudly snoring blogger, sprawled across the bed under the blankets.
I flop down next to him, looking slightly shocked, "But Molly seemed happy to invite you in also, once she got over her initial shock."
“Course, I did. Extra vinegar packets too.” I press a kiss behind his ear, nuzzling his hair some breathing in his sleepy scent.
The noise I make is alike to a gasp but with a throaty, raspy little edge, eyes tightly shut to cut out anything that isn't the sensations my body is feeding me, attempting to categorize and store each one for new data.
My lips turn into nuzzling, drifting across his cheek and lips, my voice deep and soft, "Don't you know? Everytime I say your name it's as if I was speaking those words."
I put my hand on top of his where it was resting on the Union Jack pillow. “I’m sorry. I drank too fast and the whole thing was stupid.”
John's actions help sooth me, dropping my head back down to present the full, slender shape of my back, tapering to my narrow waist before blooming out into my rounded and full rear. It seems impossible to worry about my body when he's kissing his way up and down me like that, making such noises.
"Just get on with it." I huff, squirming down into the pillows and blankets, feeling exposed but trusting John.
Gesturing a little with the box I take another calming breath before asking in my most serious tone, "Will you consent to be my husband at a time that we agree to acceptable?"
Molly blushes a bit and goes back to washing up the dishes, completely ignoring the broken plate on the floor. Meanwhile, I’m standing in the living room, with my back to the wall, holding my stomach, trying not to laugh too loudly.
Chuckling I look back down to my slides I'm preparing, "You wear your good one when you go out with me."
My fingers explore more since John hasn't pushed them away, fingers sliding to rub and caress, attempting to find the spot I have read about. Sweeping my eyes over him I can't help but grin a little before sinking back down onto him.
“I won’t.... not for this. I know you. I know what I signed up for. When I let myself love you. When I asked for your heart.” I take a small step forward.
I open my eyes to look into his, smiling at him. “Ridiculously happy. And... I’m happy with the way we are right now. I don’t know... about marriage. I don’t feel like it will change anything. It’s just a piece of paper, isn’t it? What do you want?”
His words give me pause. Would I be aroused with just that act, even if my body shows not the slightest interest now? "Bed." I word it as a command, pulling my trousers down once more to kick them off.
“Just Both? I think there’s more than two options.” I try to keep my words from coming out in a full groan.
I gasp as he runs his tongue over me. “Why would I be making snide remarks? Maybe I’d learn something. Pick up some tips.”
My breath catches again as I choke out, "Why are you sorry? That's stupid. Stop being an idiot John."
I bring my thumb to my mouth to wet it a bit and then put my hand back, my thumb lower and pressing a bit harder this time. “How’s that?”
"You said yes, right?" My slightly nervous question is muffled by his lips, closing my eyes and sinking into it.
I don't even recognize the noise my own mouth makes, tossing my head back among the pillows and grunting, managing to grit my teeth and form the words, "A little...lower."
“Would you stop your complaining?” I say closing the door behind us. I usher him to the bed and start stripping off the belstaff and his jacket.
“Lestrade’s already been taken to the hospital. Mrs. H is fine. Just shaken up.” We reach the ambulance and I help him step up the stairs and climb in after him. I let the paramedics take over to take the vitals they needed, sitting across from him.
My look darkens, glancing away now, "He did tell me that but it was part of my armour. He feared that if I grew close to anyone, if I let them in, they'd leave or betray me. That, he thought, would harm me beyond his ability to protect me."
Holding his hand steady, or maybe he's holding mine steady, I'm unsure...I slowly slip the ring onto his finger, satisfied at the perfect snug fit. The metal is cool but warms quickly, feeling lighter than a gold or silver ring would feel, "I pick this and knew it was perfect for us both. The metal is non-reactive and light weight so won't interfere with either of our professions."
Sherlock just stared at him. It wasn’t like when he would get lost in his mind and stare into space. He was clearly consciously staring at John. But then he picked up his scarf and tied it around his neck. “Yes,” he said. “I was thinking I should head home.”
But, well, maybe he should ask Sherlock about it. He had to be proactive this time, not an emotionally-stifled bystander to his own bloody life.
Sherlock looked even more confused. “I...She seems nice, I don’t even know what she’s lying about, and I thought you were going to propose to her, so I thought you cared for her.”
Sherlock sighed tiredly. “Honestly, Rosie, you can’t expect to learn how to deduce if you keep pulling my hair.”
“She was caught while threatening an important member of the media at gunpoint: Charles Augustus Magnussen. She had knocked his assistant unconscious, but she had called security beforehand, and Ms. Morstan had no time to escape.”
“Why are you so nice to me?!” he threw his arms in the air. His face was getting hot. “Why are you so bloody kind to me when I’ve treated you like utter shit? Why the fuck would you let me live with you if you think I think you’re an arsehole?”
Culverton was looking at him curiously. “Why are you here?” he asked, and seemed genuinely confused. “It’s like you walked into my den and laid down in front of me.”
John pulled back with tender, glassy eyes, his features radiating with fondness. Sherlock felt unworthy but grateful for receiving such a look. He could only gaze back, helpless against the vice John had over his heart. He wanted to take John back to bed and climb on top of him, be enveloped by his strong arms as they kissed until dark. Now that he had a taste of what it was like having John Watson, he was addicted. He was doomed.
John felt pleased that Sherlock couldn’t even form a full thought. Pleasure was building at his tip and he felt his bollocks pulling up. God, he was going to come all over his thighs. He was pressed up against his hot, lean, sweaty body and was about to completely lose it in front f Sherlock fucking Holmes--
for him. If they weren’t so emotionally exhausted he would have jumped for joy, but instead a soothing warmth was slowly flowing through his veins. Was this what happiness felt like? It had been so long. “Sherlock, I
Sherlock’s lips broke into a grin. “Have you been watching that show with the man in the blue phone booth?”
John was smirking and bit his lip. “I mean, if you’re up to it. But you look like it,” his eyes dropped to his groin.
Sherlock’s face was closed-off, and John absolutely did not want to do this. He wouldn’t let Sherlock shut himself down again over something as stupid as an unexpected orgasm. “Sherlock,” he said sternly, “stop this.”
John seriously didn’t want to start crying again after his episode on the bench. He nodded and looked at the fire, swallowing down the lump in his throat.
John wanted to wipe that smug smile off his face, render him a moaning mess, more than he was yesterday. “You wanna do it, or what?”
to touch him, but his gut instinct told him something was wrong, something worse than an emotional breakdown.
Sherlock hid his face in John’s neck, stifling a pathetic whimper. He was surprised by how hard he was, and by how hard John’s length was against his. He felt like he wanted more. He wanted to rock his hips.
“Yeah,” John said. He’d never realized how large Sherlock’s hands were until last night, but his own was being completely enveloped right now. It was unexpectedly nice. Sherlock’s skin was warm and soft.
“Are you serious?” her lips pulled up into a disbelieving smile. “I always knew you were thick, John, but think! Wasn’t that something your Sherlock always told you to do?” she asked with cynical glee.
Sherlock’s eyes were brimming with tears, and his mouth was open, frozen in an aborted grunt of pain.
Sherlock had no idea, no fucking idea what the problem was. John’s stomach rolled. He stared down at him, at the scab on his eyebrow and his too-thin face and eyes filled with far too much innocence for John to handle. At heart, he was a kind man, and John was
John was close to smacking him with the nearby hand towel, but noticed his lip twitched. “You're trying to piss me off.”
because he thought Sherlock was incapable of a relationship, then Sherlock would just have to prove him wrong. It was perfectly possible (in fact, probable) that John simply had no romantic feelings for him, but this was the only way Sherlock could try to save their friendship. Maybe Mary didn’t know John as well as she thought she did. Maybe John did feel something…?
Sherlock’s heart beat quickly and he held John against his chest. John looked small in his arms. He felt unbelievably protective. He rubbed John’s back, nervous that he was doing it wrong, but John said nothing, so it must have been okay.
Sherlock opened his mouth, but no sound came out. Despite his own intelligence being superior, Lestrade truly was an observant man. He felt like he was being interrogated. He didn’t like it. “Mind your business,” he finished lamely.
Sherlock sighed in relief. Thank god. If she physically hurt John in any way, she would have had to face his fury.
Sherlock shook his head immediately, but he noticed that John’s voice sounded drowsy through his concern. Wait, wasn’t John supposed to take a shower and go to bed? He looked over at John.
“Yeah,” John mumbled. He lifted his gaze, a soldier’s determination entering his eyes. “I love you,” he said. “I was thinking about how I never got to tell you that before you jumped, so there,” he said with a little nod. “It was on my mind all night.”
“Why not?” he asked, feeling defensive, taking a step away from the stupid box of flowers. “How could I have known before you told me?”
John grunted, rolling his hips against Sherlock’s, and their breath was taken away when hot skin met hot skin. “You realize you’ve been groping me nonstop?”
“Wish me luck today, Rosie,” he told her once they were outside. “If I don’t screw things up, you might have another dad.”
John held the towel with one hand, and licked his lips when he put his other hand around the doorknob. “I’m coming in,” he warned Sherlock, and opened the door, hoping he didn’t see a naked Sherlock because, god, he didn’t know if he would be able to take that.
“Yes. There was a note on the bottle, too.” John then reached into his jeans pocket and pulled out the very slip of paper Sherlock had put on the bottle.
And suddenly, Sherlock wanted all of it. He wanted to feel John’s hands on his naked skin, he wanted John to make him feel good. He wanted John to make love to him, and the thought made him whimper. “John, please, can we--?”
Ayyy I updated lol. Thank you all for the kudos and comments. I really enjoy writing this story, and I'm sorry I didn't update sooner, but I had work -_-
John’s hand let go of him, and this time, Sherlock did release a moan of frustration. He regretted it immediately, though, and slapped a hand over his mouth, shy in a way he didn’t know he could be.
John kissed the side of his neck. “Whatever you’re thinking that’s making your muscles tense, stop.”
Once Mrs. Hudson, Molly, and Rosie were in the other room and out of earshot, Sherlock shut the doors separating the sitting room and kitchen. He turned to Irene. “Tell me everything you know about Rosamund.”
“Come on, John,” he drawled impatiently. “You’re a doctor, and are certainly more competent than anyone here.”
His lips pulled up into a warm smile as his eyes shone with more unshed tears. “I don’t think I knew how much I wanted to hear that until now. Thank you.”
“Oh, goodness,” she frowned, standing up. “Doctor Watson’s in between patients, so you can go right back. Follow me.”
Sherlock briefly raised his eyebrows at him in acknowledgement, using the opportunity to glance at John through the mirror. John didn’t shave, and he had light stubble on his jaw. Sherlock wanted to mouth at his skin, feel the prickly hairs against his mouth until his lips were raw. He looked away and spit into the sink.
“We can make it better,” Sherlock insisted, vaguely aware that he sounded like a child. “I forgive you, John.”
Sherlock’s lips were plump and his eyes were dark and dazed. “I know my limitations, and you know this is uncharted territory for me.”
Just then, Sherlock’s phone rang. He sat up on his elbows and looked at his phone on the bedside table, wondering and if it were John. From there, he saw that Mary was calling him. He immediately felt uneasy. Mary never called him. They never talked. Sherlock thought that she may have been calling because something bad happened to John, so he grabbed his phone and answered the call.
A flame of anger ignited in Sherlock’s gut. Sod keeping his mouth shut. “Don’t,” he said sharply, causing them both to look at him. “Don’t try to make John feel guilty. You’re in the wrong here.”
“No, no,” John got under the covers, lying on his side to face Sherlock. “I just wasn’t sure you wanted me here.”
“John, you came after all,” her red smile twinkled at him. She was naked, but still had a full face of makeup on. What a fool he was for trying to look presentable.
“I didn’t see any article about this Magnussen bloke being killed by you, so your brother did a good job of saving your arse,” he said wryly.
Sherlock sighed, shoulders slumping, walking so he was standing directly in front of John. From here, the cut by his eyebrow was more visible, along with the fatigue in his eyes. He put his hands in the pockets of his dressing gown. “I apologize for that, John. I realize how uncomfortable her question must have been for you.”
I kind of felt like having them make out and have sex in this chapter would have been too rushed? But I'm not sure how I like the end result. They're going to talk more in the next chapter, though.
John moved his fingers down to feel his pulse, and felt the jackhammer beating beneath the skin of Sherlock’s neck. “Um. I don’t know what to make of this,” John said. He brushed the fringe out of Sherlock’s eyes, and still, he didn’t budge. He expected Sherlock to spring back to life suddenly, but he didn’t. He blinked very slowly, and silently crawled towards John. Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s neck and put his head on his shoulder, his knees around John’s thighs. They were sitting sideways on the sofa, and John had to sit up straighter and hug Sherlock so they didn’t fall over.
John looked, and the cut on Sherlock’s eyebrow from his knuckles was still there. He swallowed again, bile threatening to rise up his esophagus.
John put the box back in his pocket. He would have to get rid of it later. He looked at Sherlock, and had no idea what to say to him. Sherlock was still sitting as straight as a ramrod. “You can at least relax a little and be less awkward,” John muttered.
John was a little bit mortified, sure, but he knew she really cared for them. She remembered when she forced a drugged Sherlock into the boot of her car just so John would talk to him. She was rooting for them more than anyone else. ‘Yeah, um, he’s doing well,” John coughed.
A better question was why John wasn’t worried. “John, she knows that I told you the truth about her pregnancy. I don’t think she reacted to that news well.”
Sherlock let go of them and plopped down on his side, a leg still curled around John. His hand was covered with their release, and he was panting against John’s neck, red in the face. He nuzzled his nose against John’s skin and kissed him. “I liked that.”
Sherlock raised his eyebrow a little, but yawned. “I may have been afraid to act upon my feelings, but I did think about kissing you. I never pictured it like this.”
John didn’t know how to deal with this. Mary was going to spend the rest of her life without telling John about this. She worked for the man who tore them apart. She knew. She
Somehow, Sherlock’s face turned even redder when he saw John’s bulge, jaw dropping. He covered his eyes with his hand and rolled over on his side, back facing John.
John gently licked his way past the seam of his lips into his mouth. Sherlock was vaguely aware of the surprised moan he emitted when John’s tongue touched his. It was hotter and wetter than he had anticipated, making him tighten his grasp of John’s hips. But just as soon as he felt it, John’s tongue was gone, sliding out of his mouth, and they were back to lip-to-lip contact. Sherlock had no problem with just kissing on the lips, none at all, and he tried deepening the kiss by applying more pressure. It seemed to work, since the hand on the side of his neck tightened ever so slightly.
Sherlock felt his cheek against something warm and firm, and he noticed his eyes were closed. He lifted his head with a small intake of breath, eyes opening, and realized to his horror that he dozed off on John’s shoulder. Humiliation crawled up his collar in a blush.
“Not exactly, no, we’d like to know why she was killed as well as her daughter yesterday, but just to be sure, John?” Lestrade addressed him. “Will you examine her?”
John moved his mouth to Sherlock’s neck, sucking the soft, sensitive skin and slowly stroking Sherlock to full hardness. His thumb rubbed the tip, and Sherlock bit his lip even harder, trying desperately to hold back his needy moans. This felt so good, but it was already so overwhelming. He screwed his eyes shut, and the effort not to moan made his chest start to contract as small, short pants left his lungs.
John nodded again, the spoken permission from the person he hurt to move on feeling like a balm on his wounds. “I’ll try,” he vowed.
Sherlock didn’t open his eyes and the movement of his hips slowed, but he nodded jerkily. But then, he covered his face with his hands. Before John could ask him again, he removed his hands. “John.” He gulped, and opened his eyes. They were shiny, and slightly frightened. It reminded John of the other Sherlock. “Please, hurry,” he mumbled, his words dripping with embarrassment. “I can’t do this much longer.”
John frowned deeply, almost grimacing. “God, yeah. Would you have still done that if we’d been together?”
“Of course,” Sherlock said, his face softening. “I’m glad you did. I knew you weren’t sleeping well, but I thought it was because of Mary.”
John got control of his laughter, a smile lighting up his face. “Hey, Sherlock, where’d you get the idea to send flowers and all? I loved it, but, uh, it was a little cliche for you.”
Sherlock’s lips wobbled, the bottom one pouting. “You always made me feel that way. No one ever made me feel...” His looked down, a crease forming between his eyebrows, seeming to struggle internally. He looked up from under his lashes. “You made me feel worthy.”
“Hey,” he whispered back, stroking his hair one more time before bringing his hand down to his side. He didn’t know how much affection Sherlock wanted. John wanted to kiss him and hold him and stroke him, but would Sherlock want all of that so soon?
“No,” John said easily, “but I think that’s the most I’ll get out of you, so there’s no point in continuing this conversation.”
Yeah, sorry if this part isn't all unicorns and rainbows, but I figured that since this takes place one day after The Hug in TLD, they wouldn't reasonably be okay yet? But if it makes you feel any better, a few months later they'll get married and have Rosie as the flower girl :3
Sherlock made a hum of acknowledgement as John left the room. He sighed. He felt like utter shite, but he was glad to be home. He was tired of being in these wet clothes, though, and slowly sat up to take them off. Taking his shirt off was pretty easy, but reaching down to take off his shoes made him hiss in pain, his bruised ribs aggravated. He kicked them off instead.
John shook his head again. “Bloody overwhelmed. But, I’ll just have to get used to it, along with everything else. It’s like I’m in an alternate reality, truly.”
Rosie babbled a bit, and John wondered if she recognized the stairs leading up to the flat, trying to recall long-term memory abilities for babies her age. He pressed a quick kiss to the top of her head, her golden hair soft as silk against his mouth. He thought about popping in to Mrs. Hudson’s for a minute, but he knew once she saw Rosie, she wouldn’t give her up for a good twenty minutes, and he just wanted to see Sherlock for now.
The most important reason why he was doing this, though, was that he was going to have to go back to work soon. John didn’t have enough money to provide for the two of them indefinitely, as proven by his attempt to pay his bills the night before. He was going to run out of savings soon. John was hesitant to tell Sherlock about this. He knew that working would mean spending less time with Sherlock. He didn’t want that, but he didn’t have much of a choice. They had promised to see each other more, though, and John desperately wanted to rebuild their friendship. He feared that if he told Sherlock about this, he would immediately make the connection that they wouldn’t be able to see each other often and be disappointed. Maybe John wouldn’t tell him today.
Her blue eyes showed sympathy. “Oh, of course, John. You must be uncomfortable. I’ll be back as soon as I can!” She set him down so he was lying against the back of the sofa. She gave him a quick kiss on the lips, and John wanted to wipe off his mouth. “I’ll see you two soon.” She walked out of the flat, shutting the door behind her.
John fought past his anger and practically dragged Sherlock into his room, forcing him to lie down on the bed. It took effort not to push him down on the bed. “Where did you even get it? It was cocaine, wasn’t it?”
A couple days later, Sherlock was walking home from getting the shopping (well, getting condoms and biscuits, but he thought that counted) when he heard a
“I don’t know how to process this,” he admitted, barely detaching himself from John’s lips in order to get the words out. “I still don’t. Every time we start kissing, I feel like my brain is overloaded.”
. This was his? John never remembered this around the flat...did he go back to his parents’ house to get this?
Sherlock’s eyes closed briefly. “I’m sorry,” he said again. “I don’t know how many times I could say it.”
“I know, I’m a doctor. You need sleep, too. You look better than before, but you’ve still got dark circles under your eyes.”
“Roundabout,” Sherlock shrugged a shoulder. “After realizing how much you must have truly detested that ringtone, I deleted it. She wasn’t pleased.”
Fear coursed through his veins and Sherlock’s fight or flight instinct kicked in. Against all rationality, he tried moving again, falling onto his side and trying to wiggle away.
John licked his lips, his cock so hard it was aching. “It won’t take much,” he said with a sheepish grin.
Sherlock smirked, feeling devious, and sent back an emoji of a smiley face. After all of the nonsense she put him through, he thought he deserved to be petty
He set daggers to his belt as he finally approached the door, took a breath and pushed it open to step inside.
"It's not?" John asked, his eyes flicking down to the set of beautiful lips curling upwards in a smirk.
The Incubus huffed, "I'm not in your head, dear Witcher. I'm afraid mind reading is not one of my many skills." He had gotten closer, pressed in until the heat of his breath played over John's face.
Another soft sound, something like a chuckle, "You feel it now, don't you. You understand the truth of my words."
More villagers were starting to come to their senses. John felt antsy with that. Golden eyes jumped from face to face as people started to catch on that something was wrong. "Best get to it quick now."
Sherlock's eyes fluttered closed, another moan ripped from him before John was setting a truly punishing pace. Hard, rough, animal in nature. John might have desired to feel human, but he wasn't anymore. Not quite. At his core he was a Witcher, he was a monster, almost as monster as this creature beneath him.
womanly folds. They were wet and warm and slick. Curious, he sank two fingers inside and relished at the deep, throaty moan that worked from Sherlock's throat through into John's chest.
It was quiet outside, no signs of other human life. Not a good sign, in his professional opinion. He drew Harriet to a halt and dismounted, walking her to the nearby trough to drink while he went to investigate.
Sherlock hummed and pressed forward, leaned down and rested his forehead to John's. The scent of the creature suddenly filled the Witcher's lungs, heady and thick and altogether pleasant in so many ways. John got similar scents from brothels, but this was thankfully lacking the sour ale and stench of desperate sadness. It was making him a little dizzy.
The Witcher swung, expecting it when the creature reeled back. He followed through, another swing, Sherlock dipping and using the flow of the river to improve his speed as he came up behind John's shoulder. He followed the motion, spinning and swinging, losing his patience as the monster just flowed between each strike like he was water himself.
"Do you have a name, dear Witcher?" The Incubus was lowering his feet to the floor, unfolding himself to his full height which towered over John by almost a full head. The Witcher had to crane his neck to keep eye-contact, and he couldn't ignore the thrum of arousal that pulsed through him at the sight of this creature.
