Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Tony move sharply, his hand lifting and then dropping in some aborted gesture.
He unwinds his shirt, now creased and twisted, and tugs it over his head. Voice muffled in the fabric, he adds, “No, better make it Captain America’s fault. Adds gravitas. Anyway,” his head re-emerging, “you’re going to have to kick me in the balls or something.”
It looks sad and it’s got a chainsaw. I
Steve ignores him, patting Clint on the shoulder. “I’m sorry, that’s a tough situation.”
Tony flips the faceplate down and swoops off back down the line, circling overhead.
“It doesn’t sound like a pleasant death.”
“Aye,” says Thor.
“You brought your bow?” Tony calls. “Who goes out for ice cream with a bow and arrow?”
“You did a number on yourself here, buddy,” Tony says, lifting up Steve’s hand. His grip is delicate despite the leather gloves. “Hold on.”
“I am,” Steve says. He shifts to the side, keeping his foot against the edge of the door until Tony has passed through into the elevator. Tony presses his hand to the wall and drags a finger down to tap the blue light basement button.
“Huh,” Tony says.
The radio static rises and falls with his voice. Other than that, nothing.
Dangling from a girder in the roof of the Miami factory, Tony can feel it when Pepper hits the system overload button. He feels it in a moment of stillness that settles down over his whole body, leaving him gasping for one – split – second –
” Barton echoes incredulously.
“Ms Potts already-”
“Ice cream!” the Hulk roars.
“I never wanted to in the first place,” another insists, and then yelps as Clint kicks him in the knee.
“Hulk busy. Later.”
“You liar,” he says. “You don’t fit in either.”
Steve lets out his breath. “You look like the first time I saw you. It’s surreal.”
“-make it-”
future and I don’t wanna know. And if you think that’s confusing, try living it.”
In the elevator, Steve lets out a shaky breath. And then another, his heart still hammering. Next to him, Tony hums to himself, fussing with the sweatshirts wrapped around the gun as if he were swaddling a baby. Steve glances sideways at him, but Tony is staring up at the ceiling, eyes wide and distant.
Steve slips the note into his pocket as he leaves.
Steve breathes out slowly. “I guess even if you’d – Knowing it was going to happen, before Doctor Harris said she - That would probably have been worse.”
“You’re terrifying,” Tony says. Looking around, he grabs Ms Potts’ discarded, still mostly full drink and holds it out to her; she shrugs and takes it. “I mean it, you scare me. More than aliens. More than the stock market.”
“You are. The apology’s new, at least.”
He leans down, making to kiss her on the cheek, but Jane turns her head and catches him on the mouth. The kiss they share is chaste and lingering. Steve hears a door open behind him. He’s pretty sure neither of them would notice even another alien invasion right now, but he treads softly anyway, following Tony out onto the balcony.
He eats the rest of the popcorn in his hand slower, and licks his fingers when he’s done.
“I just wanted to see-”
He lapses into silence. Steve lets it linger for a little while and then he knocks his feet sideways against Tony’s until Tony snaps out of his reverie. He lifts his head, looks up at Steve, something wide open in his expression.
“I didn’t say anything,” Steve whispers.
The sky is hazy and the sun is bright, pure and golden, and there’s a sharp, cold wind that blows tears into his eyes. For a few seconds Tony has to blink and lift up a hand to shield his eyes. Squinting, he spots a shape that could be human at the far end of the balcony. He heads towards it.
“Mister?” he whispers. “Hey, mister?”
“I call it brunch,” Barton says, around a mouthful of pretzels.
“Hi,” he says.
“Yes, Captain, we have people and places. I didn’t bring you all the way back from the Arctic and thaw you out so nicely just so we could lurk underground in a post-apocalyptic wasteland for all eternity, fun though that sounds. Come over here.”
“You can afford someplace better. I’ve seen your bank account.”
Steve’s fists clench and pain jolts through his hand again, making him wince. Tony’s gaze jerks down to his knuckles for a second before it snaps back up to his face again, Tony’s eyes wide and bright. He stands his ground like he’s made of iron. His feet are bare, Steve realises with a jolt that leaves him almost as breathless as the pain in his hand.
Steve jumps. He breathes out heavily, lifting his chin.
“What I am,” Tony says, answering the questions before Steve can voice them, “is  a complex blend of organic and genetically coded synthetic fibres plus technological enhancements. I’ve upgraded.”
Looking around, Tony sees Barton step back from his post with a nod and a thumbs up. The doors open wide, the corridor beyond windowless and dark, and then Steve steps through into the light. Murmuring to Barton, he looks around for a moment until he spots Tony and Bruce and hurries over. Thor hangs back behind him, looking sheepish.
“Hello,” he says.
“I hope I’m not interrupting something,” says Bruce.
“You’re a regular action hero, aren’t you?”
“I, uh.” Tony scrubs a hand down his face. “What about Chile? Did you find... stuff?”
Tony nudges him in the side, and Steve’s eyes dart towards him and then away again just as quickly.
“Or that works too,” he says, following the magical light display through the trees and into the park.
“It’s something, alright.”
Thor glances up at her, then looks around the table with a laugh.
“Don’t get dessert or else you won’t be able to fit into your prom dress.”
In his ear, Tony clears his throat. Steve blinks, realises he’s been staring up at the sky in silence and he doesn’t know for how long. His neck doesn’t hurt, because he’s a super soldier, but it feels as if it
Steve opens his mouth and says, “I have to go to Chile. Bruce thinks there could be a HYDRA base there. I have to see.”
Tony stares at him for a long, long moment. Then his arm goes limp in Steve’s grasp, and he sighs. “There’s a group. I’m not a real part of it and I don’t know who they all are – most of them are after Iron Man’s time – but they call themselves the New Avengers. They’re trying to make a difference. I figure what’s the point in being part man, part machine if you can’t block Big S’s gaze once in a while and tell a kid he’s taking the wrong turning?”
“-but you do have to pay a fine.”
“These are us,” he says.
“Thank you, sir,” Romanoff says.
Tony’s eyes snap open, in his Penthouse, in New York.
“What-” Steve begins, but Tony takes a step back, pulling an uncomfortable face.
Steve takes a step forwards. His voice is soft and urgent, when he speaks.
“I mean...” Tony huffs out a breath, fiddling with the corners of the metal box. “I will never say this again, so listen carefully, but – to give Fury some credit – to give him one tiny iota of credit, he made a good call. This thing. This whole – us – world-saving team thing. But I’m not going to sign my life over to them. They don’t get exclusive rights to point my suit at whatever Fury says needs pointing at.”
“Can I get one of these?”
Tony stares at him.
“Didn’t do a whole lot of good,” Steve whispers.
“And it’s safe to carry us Midgardians with you?”
“Hill?” he says, voice low.
“The usual freak of nature stuff,” Tony says. He closes his eyes. “They want me to carry bombs with me. Can’t be done. I told them – I – They don’t know it’s time travel, but they know I’m going
Tony raises an eyebrow at her. She shrugs.
“He likes you
, he tells himself. Across the table from him, Bruce murmurs, “Times like these, I almost wish the other guy would come out and climb out the window.”
Tony, pen cap between his teeth as he signs a young lady’s t-shirt, looks up and around until he spots Steve. He caps the pen and says something to his fan, who says something back that makes him smile broadly, and then Tony moves away. He leans next to Steve, lowering his shades.
“No,” she says simply, turning back to her cereal at last. “You aren’t.”
His breath catches in his throat and his hand curls into a fist, slamming sideways into the wall. Tony flinches back a step. Steve feels something crunch beneath his skin, but the wall doesn’t give, the paint doesn’t even scratch, there’s only so much Captain America can do.
took your measurements and ordered some spare clothes for you. They’re in your room.”
It’s been a couple of weeks.
“What,” he grits out, throwing an arm across his face, “did you do, Stark?”
“Do you think your brother could be behind this, Thor?” says Clint, voice low. “Couldn’t keep his portal open first try, so he has another go with another device?”
“Thank you, ma’am,” he adds.
“I know,” Steve says. “I know.”
“I did.”
Tony glances up. Steve is still standing there, halfway between when Tony appeared and where he now stands. His frown is fading away, lost in thought.
“The Beatles?”
“Nah, skip that. Tell me where everyone is.”
“Wow,” Steve says again. “Are you a
“Not to my knowledge.”
of all people know Captain America now,” Rhodey says, ruefully.
“Okay,” he says. “That’s – what else did you find?”
to go now. What’s the worst that could happen? Time and space crumbles and Steve Hawking sends me a really angry email? I can stay.”
He mimes a basic throw. Drop the knees, flick the wrist. It’s all in the wrist. In his mind, he can feel the shield spin. It would have been a good throw.
“Did they have aardvarks in the forties? Here, I mean, not in general. We should take you to a zoo. D’you want to go to the zoo? Hey, do you want an
trust you. All of you, whenever you’re from.”
“Spoilsport.”
“Your team,” she says firmly, unpicking the knot. She smoothes the two loose ends of his tie down over his chest and then, her eyes fixed on the silk, she crosses the ends over and begins to tie the knot again. She steps back to admire her handiwork and, taking a deep breath, she smiles at him.
Hill stares at him.
“It was annoying me at the time,” Tony says vaguely, but then he pauses. He lowers the communicator and lifts his head. “Is that bad? Are you shocked and horrified? I can rename it if you like, something Captain America friendly. Chuck? Earl? Larry?”
. Didn’t you see the stars, Cap? That was the beginnings of a
“You’re up in five,” she says. “Stick to what we’ve prepared, use your common sense and you’ll be fine.”
Tony doesn’t turn around, doesn’t look at him.
As they round the corner, Steve can see that Stark Manor’s front doors are slightly ajar, a slice of darkness gaping through that is visible even from the sidewalk. He stills, tapping Tony on the arm, then nods through the gates towards it.
time-”
“You should sleep,” he says.
He backs up a step, closing his eyes in preparation. He can see Steve’s face on the insides of his eyelids. He opens his eyes and there Steve is.
Softly, Steve says, “SHIELD.”
“Perhaps they have,” Tony murmurs and he starts moving again, stepping out into the cave. Glass crunches under his feet.
“You realise I’m only in the air force, don’t you?”
Tony drums his fingers on the side of the railing. “You could move back to SHIELD. I’ve seen their accommodation. It’s, you know, it’s bearable. If you like Spartan. Do you like Spartan?”
“I found... something,” he says. “But I’ll tell you in the morning – uh, later in the morning, I guess. I really need to...”
“God – damn – it,” he shouts, smacking his hand against the wall.
“I’m not going to hit you again,” he says. “That was dumb.”
He sighs heavily, and the sound of it reverberates around them long after his screen too has gone dark and disappeared. Steve looks around at Tony, who is frowning with his chin in his hands, and then around at the others. He watches Natasha touch the back of Clint’s hand, murmuring until Clint nods at her.
“Can’t draw people running, so I went for a car.”
“Damn right you do.”
“From when you were six, right?”
“I always do those things anyway.”
Turning around, Steve looks at Tony properly. “He... wasn’t. Not how I knew him, anyway. Hard-working, sure. Dedicated. But he always had time for...” He pauses, searching for the words. He hasn’t thought about Howard in a while. Time for rescue missions. Whiskey. Costume redesigns. “For fun. He always had time to help a fella out, I guess.”
“What?”
“I don’t know,” Steve says. “I don’t know which was your first attempt. It didn’t always work properly, I don’t think.”
“Dr Banner? Bruce has a room?”
As he wends his way through the path Tony’s cleared, to the front of their impromptu crocodile, Steve nods at Clint and at the Hulk – idly spinning one of the car wheels with the tip of his finger while he waits, which is a definite step up from aimless punching – and shields his eyes to gaze up at Iron Man.
Then he pauses, and tugs Steve’s back out again.
Steve startles, frowns, opens his mouth to angrily retort – and hears the beeping before he sees the shoe-cleaning robot zip into view, circling Tony’s feet and plucking at his socks.
Stepping forwards again, Tony grabs the end of a sleeve and tugs, letting the gun roll out of its layers of sweatshirt and onto the desktop with a thud. It rock gently where it lands.
Steve bites his cheek, not laughing. Ignoring Tony’s curses, he turns and leans back against the wall, crossing his arms. He cranes his neck to look up at the top of the tower, unable to suppress the memory of how it had looked with a portal to another world torn into the sky above it.
“Tell me about the past,” Steve says, and when his mouth moves Tony can feel that, too.
“Sorry.” He takes a big bite, hisses at the coldness, and then shakes his head. “No, there
The view tilts wildly again, settling on the idle spin of a ceiling fan, and over the speakers they hear the girl’s voice, fading away into the distance as she shouts, “
He listens to Tony shift around in his creaky chair. When it had broken last summer, he and his mom had taken turns eating standing up - when they were both around for meals at the same time, anyway - until Bucky had tried to fix it. It had worked, mostly, but creaked ever since.
and I’m not making faces like that. Okay, okay, fine, let’s feast and be merry with vodka and Jane. Now go wait for her by the elevator, would you? Go, leave, your enthusiasm is hurting my eyes.”
“This is it, isn’t it?” Steve says. “The one you drew for me?”
“I understood that one.”
Almost as soon as he began joining the geographical dots, the letters started pouring in. The vast majority of it, he’s sure, is culled by SHIELD, and most of what’s left is fanmail from strangers and children and friendly young women. But sometimes it gets more personal. It seems like there’s a person in every major city who knew someone, or knew someone who knew someone, who had fought alongside him. Sometimes he even gets letters from people he’d known; most of them had been younger than him, seventy years ago. He tries to see them all while he still can, wherever they are, because if there’s one thing Steve’s learned, it’s that you never know who might be dead and gone when you wake up in the morning.
“Right,” Steve says, looking dubious. “I wasn’t... You said to look handsome for him, so I...”
“-but I built this for you,” Howard says, “and one day you’ll figure it out-”
“I copy. We’re not on fire,” Steve responds right away, sounding a little amused. His voice is close and clear despite the hubbub of raised voices in the background. Tony relaxes at the sound of it. He climbs down from their stage, waves his hands at Barton and Bruce and mouths, “it’s Cap.”
“Won, I mean,” Tony says distantly. He seems to shake himself as Steve watches him, his head jerking up to take in the rest of the destruction. “Perhaps they have already won. Come on, I need to see—”
“Please,” Steve says, grabbing hold of Tony’s wrist as he begins to pull away. “I need to know if we’re alone in this.”
“Gimme that,” Tony is saying. “I need a drink.”
He wonders, briefly, what it feels like to have a body that is strong because you trained it to be strong, that is graceful because you learned grace.  He wonders, briefer, if Natasha learned to dance. He’s startled from his thoughts by sudden movement, as Tony spins around to face him again and grabs the repulsor blast from Steve’s lax hands.
“My beloved Jane,” Thor says, “who is as wise and knowledgeable as she is beautiful, has travelled far across the lands of America to attend a meeting of great minds. She explained to me that when your travels bring you to this New City of York, it is a great and noble Midgardian custom to seek shelter with the richest warrior you know-”
“You’re in denial. It’s okay, I understand.”
“How long?” Steve asks.
“I’m going to get some ice,” Bucky says. “For your-” He waves a hand. “Face.”
Tony remembers vaguely, over the incredible pain and half-consciousness, a familiar voice. The
“Captain, I can’t just-”
What Tony has is a bomb behind him and the stars before him.
Steve says, “I don’t think I would’ve wanted to know. Not really. How could I have
Tony taps his fingers against his chin. He wends his way out from behind the bar and leans over the coffee table to study Bruce’s map upside down and he says, softly, “Huh. Wait here.”
Tony scrubs his hands through his hair. His skin is tingling and his heart is thumping. His body, every inch of skin and hair and nails, cells and DNA, feels very, very -
“I’m fine,” he says. “Bumpy landing, you know how it is.”
“But twice as cuddly.”
“Some wannabe supervillain declares they’ve replicated my repulsor tech, public demo, mad with power, yada yada, save us from your bastardised technology, Iron Man! Day saved. Pepper, remind me to send a cheque for the broken fire hydrant.”
He trails off. Lowering his hand, he frowns up at the screen again. The image is frozen and blurry, but there it is. A shape. A shadow, moving in the stars and the bright, white light.
A beam of light passes across Tony’s face, shining on the smudge of nanite liquid and the curve of a cheekbone, the angle of his nose. The lights catches on the corner of his mouth as his lips part, drawing in a breath.
“Right.” With a nod, Steve lowers his bag onto the desk. He takes a step back, glancing across at Tony, who’s bouncing on his heels beside him like a kid at Christmas. “They’re definitely up to something. I found this at the bottom of a mineshaft.”
“My friends,” Thor begins.
“Down another 10%,” Tony says. “Minimise Butterfingers and rewind You point five of a second. Pause.”
Through the glass the sky is turning greyish. He flops down onto her side of the bed, her cold pillow. When he closes his eyes, he can feel himself falling backwards, into the darkness.
She stiffens. She slowly lifts her head to look up at him again, and Tony raps his knuckles against the arc reactor with a grin.
“Barton, I
“Once in a while,” Steve echoes. “Once in a while? Tony, with your knowledge and surveillance you could be
Tony shakes his head. “Not yet.”
Tony, he can tell. The Tony who he knows so well from the past and can only barely catch a glimpse of in the present; with slightly longer hair and a slightly restyled goatee and the ability to stand comfortably in Steve’s presence.
Tony shoots him a sceptical look. “Don’t you want ice cream? I want ice cream.”
.” Tony jostles Thor out of the way to take a look at the flashing, green digits on the front of the microwave. “Huh, precisely fourteen days ago. You wrote it on your calendar, didn’t you? You went home and counted forwards two weeks and wrote ‘come visit Tony Stark’ on your calendar.”
He pulls over to the sidewalk in front of the tower and a car behind him honks its horn as it swerves past him. Stark Tower, the most high tech building Steve’s ever seen – and two months in the future is a lot of time to see a lot of buildings – doesn’t seem to have any parking.
“So if you’re really a time traveller, prove it,” Steve says, swinging his feet where they dangle over the edge of his chair. He’s eight. His feet don’t touch the ground. His mom promises he’ll have a growth spurt in a few years.
“The biggest one we’ve got,” she says at last.
“Calm, blue oceans, huh?”
He lowers the pencil and thrusts the paper out at Steve. Steve takes it automatically, glancing down at its message: ‘HI, RHODEY xxx’
“I promise I’ll invite you to the next apocalypse.” Steve is still watching him, eyebrow raised, so Tony waves a hand and shakes his head. “Stand down, Captain. But you’ll still be our military liaison, right? I know you can liaise; I’ve seen you do it.”
“And that right there is why you’re never going to win a Nobel prize.”
He tries to ignore it, turning to Bruce. “So, you and the Hulk...?”
He frowns up at the faint, polluted stars. 1980 hangs above his head like a dividing line, over thirty years of missed time on either side of it. One day soon, he’ll stop learning about what came after his time and start learning about what came before
Steve spins around into a throw, feeling the momentum tug at the scrap metal in his grip. Then before he’s finished moving, he’s ducking down, aiming the shield to skim across the floor and take out an opponent’s ankles. When he straightens, he turns back to the camera.
Stark lowers his hands. He’s staring again. Steve stares back.
,” Tony says, pointing at him, “are easy to please.”
Suddenly exhausted, Steve drops down into the desk chair. He turns the video camera over and over in his hands, thinking about erasing the video file or maybe just throwing it against the cave wall and storming away from Tony, storming all the way out into the streets of Manhattan to find – what? A Spider-man he can’t even look at. A city weighed down by the Sentry’s watch. He sighs and places the camera carefully on the desk.
“Tangy,” he declares, before his expression turns serious. He looks down at the gun and then up at Steve, his gaze dark. “This is new. I don’t know what it is... I mean, I don’t know what it’s made of, and I – you know I discovered my own element once, right? Well, rediscovered. Resynthesised. It was kinda a big deal, anyway. I should know what this is and I – don’t.”
Steve pushes away from the wall, turning around. “What were you
“Tell me something I don’t know,” Tony says, swiping the green away with a motion of his hand. He taps a finger to the restored black and enters a long code onto the keyboard that appears beneath his fingers.
He runs Steve through the locations he visited and the gossip he heard – a convoy of unmarked vans in the middle of the night; soldiers in the desert with strange uniforms; mysterious lights over the desert at night – and, “If Red Skull knew about the Tesseract then it’s possible he knew about other things too, right?” Bruce says.
, a thing like that hanging over me? Always waiting for the future to grab hold of me?”
“Okay, folks,” Steve says. He jumps down off the stage and onto the floor, to help a shaky guy get up. “Move away from the doors now. That’s it, everyone come up front here. Nice and easy. Watch out for the glass.”
“Quitters.”
But behind him, the radio is crackling.
“I think we’ve got as much of it back as we’re ever going to,” Tony says at last.
“Thor can fly,” Tony says, breaking the silence. “How the fuck did I forget Thor can fly?”
“It hangs in the stars,” Thor is saying. “Like a jewel. And there are pine trees in the mountains, and in the summer months, flowers bloom across the city like – like further, smaller jewels.”
“Then what?”
“I don’t know what that is, ma’am, but it sounds one whole lot better than what’s outdoors.” Peering around as he shakes her hand, Steve spots Agent Romanoff stretched out on the couch in front of the fire, with her arm in a sling. He grins, turns his attention back to- “You’re Miss – Ms Potts? Tony’s girl?”
Steve jogs over to it and presses his thumb to the panel at the side. The door slides open into a room just a bit smaller than Steve’s apartment, with regular sized doors on either side and another, even bigger metal door in the wall opposite.
The lab is loud and busy, and in ten minutes a spy starts shooting and a simple case of mistaken identity leaves everyone’s minds. Howard thinks nothing of it.
The shutters lower again. He spins back around to his face his desk and then, after a pause, drags down the computer hologram screen. He opens a folder and pulls the two video clips inside it, motioning for b-cam-001 to play.
Steve, letting Tony’s voice wash over him, looks back down at the communicator. He tosses it from one hand to the other, weighs it in the palm of his hand, and then reels his arm back and throws it as hard as he can at the opposite wall.
Whatever Tony was waiting for, that wasn’t it. But he shrugs and smiles almost pleasantly, for him, and says, “Sure. You know me, businesses to run, marvels to create, breakthroughs to... break through. Stop by whenever, mi casa es su casa. Mi - what’s the Spanish for the tower? Mi tower, mi... uh, JARVIS?”
planet to hit the sentient organism jackpot. But aliens smashing up my penthouse and shooting at me with freaky arm lasers... that, I didn’t see coming.”
Natasha glances across at Clint, who lifts a shoulder and raises an eyebrow, and whatever she reads in that is enough to make her nod and say, “Yes.”
Steve says, “I’ll see you later.”
” he retorts, motioning at her injured arm. She smirks. He ducks down to fiddle with his other lace.
“I thought you were in the basement. I thought you were
much better,” Bucky says, but he pats Steve on the knee, gentle this time, and tightly ties the loose ends of his bandage. “Idiot.”
“Ha, see, there we go. You were just buttering me up to get your hands on my awesome tech. This – this isn’t actually available for the public–”
He unbuttons the first few buttons of his shirt and tugs it open. He raps his knuckles on the glass. The other Tony, scooting forwards on his knees, does the same.
“Sorry.”
/iceicebaby
Tony snaps his fingers and the computer screen goes dark. He turns on Steve with that effervescent smile.
Lifting his head, he stares up at Tony with those bright, sharp eyes, like that little kid who had stared angrily out at him from the dark.
“Good to see you again, agent.”
“No, that wasn’t it. Although that sounds like a whole heap of fun. It’d be the
“You’re not the king of the High Line, Stark.”
“You should’ve thought of that back in all those clothes stores we went through,” Steve says. He crouches down next to Tony. Waits.
“Are you wondering if that sonic pulse has paralysed the time-travel as well? ‘Cause I have to tell you, Tony, that’s what I’m wondering right now. So let’s-”
“Right,” Steve says. “Sorry, I’ll just-”
Tony snorts. “Why didn’t you, oh, I don’t know, shoot him with your bow and arrow?”
“Would someone please explain to me what the heck is going on?”
“Girl’s night in,” Ms Potts says. “Steve was our mystery guest.”
drive better than him.”
“Interesting,” he says.
“Well, there was a scary moment when I couldn’t find the cocktail umbrellas, but-”
The guy, tugging sheepishly on the brim of his hat now everyone has turned to stare at it, clears his throat and asks, “Captain Rogers, how are you adapting to the future?”
They thrust Tony’s head under the water and he disappears-
The two of them drift away together. The spell breaks; Bruce’s watch starts beeping, signalling a crucial point in some time-sensitive experiments, and he flees; Thor declares that he has to tell Jane of the day’s victories. He pats Tony on the knee as he goes. Tony will be feeling that for days, he’s sure.
“JARVIS will do, Captain.”
“What lies has he been telling you, ladies? Has he been letting you try to get him drunk? Sorry to disappoint, but it won’t work.”
It is a cakewalk. From the moment they step out and take their seats, amid a sea of flash photography, and Tony begins to read word-for-word their short statement, the buzz in the room is more excited than just about every press conference he’s ever attended. Including the one for his own return from the dead.
“Nah, too risky. It’d be like submitting a paper on my dick. Everyone needs a secret weapon.”
“Actually, I was going to take my bike out for a spin. But some other time?”
“Hey, hey. It’s fine, I’m fine, ticker’s ticking.”
“Of course.” She kisses him on the cheek and, casting a glance around the room with a rueful smile, she says, “Good luck, everyone.”
(See the end of the chapter for
, anyway.
“What was so important about getting me out of the ice?” Steve asks as he watches Tony work.
done is not put me in a position where I – I have to act like your PA again! I’m your girlfriend and your CEO, I can’t-”
“And yours. I’m trying to extend
He jerks awake too quickly, wide-eyed, panting, tangled in his sheets. He throws his hands up in the dark, with his hands bent out and his palms forward. It takes him a moment to remember that he’s not wearing the suit’s gauntlets. Another moment to remember that he is awake, was asleep, has only had – for fuck’s sake – a freaky dream.
“Oh,” Steve says. “I almost forgot. Pepper asked me to remind you, uh, the board wants the designs on-”
“Tell me what you think of him.”
. It has no place in my realm.”
“If that’s all,” Hill says, looking disgruntled, “can we begin?”
His expression is distant, as though he’s talking to himself, but when Steve doesn’t respond he turns and prods him in the chest and says, “Well?”
“Okay.” Steve looks down at his hands, wiggling his skinny fingers. “What am I like in the future?”
“Leave it, Tony,” he says. “Please. For now. It’s not Avengers, it’s personal.”
and maybe Stark will listen.
“Fine.” Steve turns, heading back to his cot. “But Tony, I swear to God, if you don’t let me out of this cave soon, I will snap and kill you next time you rope me into your home surgery.”
“I would,” Tony says. “I
“No, it’s not-”
“That was just five minutes ago for me,” Tony is still saying. “Weird, I know. It’s like I’m the well-dressed bread on a time-travel sandwich. So, this is nineteen forty-three, huh?”
Steve, drink halfway to his mouth, gapes. “Someone’s replicated your technology? Isn’t that dangerous?”
He shifts, stretches, pushing the bed linen down from his face. The air is cool. He opens his eyes and frowns at the clock face in front of him, the gently glowing digits that read 5:27. The room is still dark, but a softer kind of dark than the dark inside his dreams. Rolling over onto his other side, he looks at the shadow of Pepper.
“And eighty years ago.” Steve shrugs, smiling faintly, a little wistfully. “And eleven. It’s fine. You did fine.”
“Really?” he says.
“So stop me, Mr Super Soldier,” Tony says and he waits, with a bright, angry light in his eyes as he stares up at Steve, and Steve –
Down on the floor, Bruce coughs violently and buries his face in his hands and Barton lets out a great cackle of laughter, throwing his head back and slapping his knee. Romanoff blinks at them both as if she has no idea what the problem is. Patting Bruce on the back, Steve covers his mouth with his other hand. He closes his eyes. Tony can’t tell if he’s laughing or disapproving, only that the tips of his ears are pink.
“Fury’s agreed to your exchange,” she says briskly the moment she’s connected, her call patched through JARVIS’ speakers to fill the conference room. A myriad of voices fade in and out in the background, as if she’s striding through a hub of buzzing activity. “It’s going to take a little while to get you what you want.”
is, right?”
Steve looks down at him helplessly, then he untangles Tony’s hand from the mic and pulls Tony’s arm over his shoulders, dragging and lifting Tony onto his feet. “You need to go to bed,” he says gently, and he tows Tony towards his cot. The mansion is too far away right now, even if the steel door is unlocked.
“I think you met my cousin,” Mr Coulson adds helpfully. “Phil.”
“Tony told you about that?”
“Anything for science,” he murmurs.
Isn’t this whole thing supposed to be your super-secret boyband baby?”
“What about SHIELD what?”
In the official records, the first thing Steve Rogers ever says to Tony Stark is, “Why didn’t you
“The Avengers?”
“I wasn’t going to say that,” Steve tells her, flushing. “Impressive. It’s impressive. What of? I mean, what are you a doctor of?”
“Sir, password override zero-zero-one in use,” JARVIS says. “Ms Potts has returned home and is currently in the Penthouse elevator.”
Tony shoots him a startled look. “What? I fit right in. Look at me. I’m practically the twenty-first century personified. Okay, with more robots than most, but-”
“I’m in the lobby,” she says. She breathes out slowly. Some of the tension eases from around her eyes. “But I’m fine. We’re all fine.”
Steve goes, and he gets in the elevator. Bruce is holding its door open, leaning against it while he waits, looking as quietly patient and amused as ever. He steps back to let Steve pass and shoots him a look that Steve can’t read.
Tony, slotting folded squares of paper together into a ring, murmurs, “For?” without looking up.
Tony turns away. “This is over. I’m going. I don’t know where, but I’m going.”
“The team, I mean, all of us. Springbreak. It’d be great. It’d be
been going clockwise.”
“The novelty wore off pretty quick,” Steve admits.
at this. You said this place was Hulk proofed. That – whatever the heck that
What if, Tony has never said out loud to anyone but thinks about all the damn time. What if one day he travels back in time to the wrong side of an explosion or a bullet or a car crashing through the barriers on a dark, wet night?
They emerge somewhere in the back of the cave, a storage area Steve recognises by the shape of the walls despite its transformation. The place has been torn apart. Systematically, he notes, taking in the totality of the debris on the floor. Everything had been taken from the shelves and destroyed before the shelves themselves were pushed over, for maximum destruction. It’s created an alien landscape in the glow of the nanites, metal shelves teetering against each other like dominoes. They’re lucky the doorway in the rock hadn’t been blocked altogether.
Tony snorts, and then they both jump as a giant hand swats through the air before them. The light scatters and shuts off and the Hulk frowns down at his fists, uncurling his fingers and peering under his arms and feet.
“Well, you see, Cap, when three horny people love each other very, very much...” Tony cackles as Steve, feeling himself flush, holds up his hands. He pats Steve on the shoulder. “Never mind, forget I spoke, erase it from your mind, we’ll have to ease you into it. Which is, of course, what
“If the Sentry’s watching, someone could be coming for us already. Unless you’re trying to stage some kind of stupid, underprepared government infiltration, we have to move.”
Crossing his arms, Steve keeps on frowning.
Scanning the room, Steve spots Tony standing by the window, glass of whiskey in hand and his back to Steve. Steve keeps on turning, taking in the penthouse and, in the habit borne of a lifetime, all possible escape routes. The place is much the same as it was last time he saw it, although then it was half-destroyed by Loki and the Chitauri. There are new staircases, new doorways, probably at least half a dozen ways out that Steve could take if they were under attack, and that was without a robotic armour or the tower’s blueprints.
“I’ll come find you.”
At that, Tony unfreezes. He takes a step forwards and makes some kind of sudden, jerky motion that Steve only barely catches, out of the corner of his eye.
He watches Clint murmur something to Natasha, fishing another handful of chips out of the bag. She nods and looks up at Steve, her gaze so sharp and focussed and
“Banner,” Agent Romanoff says again. “Or the pizza delivery guy, knowing Stark. I have safety pins.”
The shot rings out with a boom like they’re standing in the middle of a thunder cloud, even with the ear defenders in place. There’s a flash of white light that envelops Steve’s vision, forcing his eyes to squeeze shut. The light echoes behind his eyelids and he feels the air ripple with a rush of movement, feels the hair on the back of his neck stand on end. Squinting through his eyelashes, he makes out a great ball of energy streaming from the gun barrel, trailing fiery blues and reds in a comet’s tail and expanding, expanding as it rushes across the room.
“They’re all important to her. That’s why she’s the CEO and I’m.” Tony hesitates, lowering his pen to mull it over. His mouth slips into a slow grin. “I’m the man behind the curtain.”
He trails off. His fingers are moving on the palm of Steve’s hand, again and again. The same, repetitive shapes. S. E.
He kneels down and tugs his shield out of the distorted gym bag, wincing when he hears something rip, and then he rubs the face of the shield gently with the cuff of his sweatshirt. As he straightens up, Clint begins to hum the national anthem.
“Cut his throat shaving a new shape into his bead,” Natasha suggests. “Forgot he wasn’t in the Iron Man suit and walked off the balcony.”
Steve is twenty-four, and he lingers too long at the suspended monorail, beneath the giant globe that shines in all the light and colour of the fireworks. When he lowers his head and looks around himself again, Bucky has disappeared.
They both flinch. Steve takes another, automatic step back from Tony, before he lifts up his chin and he turns around. Bucky, taking the steps up to the globe two at a time, runs up to meet them.
He can’t tell whether or not Tony’s awake enough to hear him, or even really see him, but his eyes slide shut again all the same and he mumbles something too soft for even Steve to hear, words dying out on a sigh. His breathing evens out again.
Steve shrugs. He slings a leg over his motorcycle and sits, resting a hand on his thigh and the other, loosely, on the handlebar grip. He has to tilt his head back to look up at Tony, while he waits, smiling faintly.
Tony pulls a face, looking over his shoulder at him.
Tony jumps, first genuinely and then exaggeratedly, turning to her with his mouth open in mock-surprise as he raps his knuckles again his chest, against – with a muffled knocking sound – his arc reactor. “You! I forgot
“Less fun, though.”
“Tony,” Steve says. “You keep these in the
“Your father tried to get me drunk,” he says, to fill the silence left by Tony’s drinking. “Everyone in the Howling Commandos tried; I think it was practically an official military sport by the time I – but Howard always used the best stuff.”
Steve obliges, pressing down carefully on a loose wire. “Either. Mine’s…” He pauses, the memory twisting in his gut. “Mine’s on your side.”
“Don’t wait up,” he says. “This could take a while.”
“Something you said a couple months ago gave me the idea,” he says. “Woulda been done weeks ago, but bureaucracy, you know how it is – what am I saying? No, you don’t. Let’s just say, thank god I already had Stark Phone to paper over the legal cracks. How do geniuses who aren’t billionaires ever get anything done? Seriously.”
“Yes, sir,” Steve says.
“Wait. Before you go. One more thing.”
Steve breathes out slowly. It only takes a moment to reach his decision, then he uncrosses and legs and stands up in one smooth motion. Tony takes a step back and watches him, his eyes wide and his face so readable, waiting for what Steve will say.
Rhodey draws in a slow breath over the telephone. “Cap, as in Captain America?”
“A downgrade, huh?” Tony says. “That’s not such a bad idea.”
“Prepped and cocked and full of gunpowder,” Tony says, smirking. He throws his arms open. “Just waiting for the trigger.”
“Fine,” he says. “Fine, remain pure, you stubborn bastard.”
“With appalling priorities.”
“I’ll work it out sooner or later,” he says. “I’m a clever man.”
“Sure.”
“Not so different, then,” Tony says. “You, go sleep. Or whatever, I’m not the sleep police. JARVIS will tell you anything you need to know. I’ve got some work to do so I’ll be down in my lab all night. Have you been in my lab yet?”
“Funding still going through okay?”
Steve breathes out heavily through his nose. An almighty sinking feeling.
“Actually,” Steve says. “Agent Hill, ma’am, if you don’t mind, I’d like to begin. We have a couple requests.”
“Smash?” he says uncertainly.
At the sound of Steve’s laughter, Tony swivels around to stare at him incredulously, until he too begins to smirk. It looks a little pained, but it’s there, all the same.
They both turn towards Tony, until Tony lowers his pen and looks up at them, spreading his hands.
“Must’ve been scary,” Steve says.
He swears for a second he can hear gunfire in the cave.
“It’s poor, I know,” Tony says. “It was spontaneous.”
“Shirts,” Bruce says with a shrug. “Mainly shirts.”
Steve doesn’t need telling twice.
Tucking the communicator tighter between his ear and his shoulder, Steve picks up a box of oatmeal. He drops it into his basket and then, looking around him – Tony has satellites and highly advanced robots, Tony could probably watch his every move if he wanted to – grabs a box of what looks like tiny cookies and marshmallows and frowns down at it. It doesn’t look much like breakfast food.
Tony have sold your blood?”
“I swear I didn’t ask this many questions. Yeah, it travels. Where are the pliers today?”
Tony grins toothily up at him, grabbing another doughnut. “I want to believe.”
“What? Give me that.” Snorting, Tony grabs the paper back from him. He smoothes a crease out of the corner. “Just you wait, kiddo. Got any reds?”
The man says it with a straight face, dabbing at his bloody nose with Steve’s handkerchief.
the kind of guy to choose it, then he would’ve wound up here, anyway. If that is not having a chance or choice then, well, I’m glad.”
“Honey, I’m home.”
“Very hard?”
“I have – I don’t know where the laundry goes, or who even washes it, but I’m pretty sure I’m not a slave driver so they’re probably not washing right now, so you’re not gonna get your clothes back ‘till tomorrow.”
“In a while,” he says dubiously, “crocodile.”
Steve breaks into a jog and then, shoving the communicator into his pocket, breaks into a run.
The radio cuts out, but he keeps on smiling down at it. They’re not alone. Tony doesn’t have to be alone. Maybe Steve can help fix this New York and then go home and fix his own. He can tell Stark
Finally, Steve turns back to Romanoff and nods towards the main doors. Romanoff nods back and draws a handgun from a holster Tony hadn’t even realised she was wearing, hidden beneath the folds of her jacket. She moves forwards silently, keeping to the edge of the room. Steve lingers to cast an eye around him. People are beginning to whisper to each other again as they pick their way around the broken glass, the tension still running high but the initial shock wearing off.
He trails off, dragging his hands down his face. Nobody else says anything after that. Tony tips his head back and stares up at the ceiling until his eyes start to water, and then he closes his eyes. He wonders if Pepper is still in that meeting. He wonders if this is the mother of all midlife crises or just a psychotic break. Press conference, he thinks. Press conference, publicist, call Rhodey, call legal, and then – what? If Bruce’s tests don’t work, if HYDRA stays in hiding, if aliens don’t invade the planet again, then
“Were you there the whole time?”
‘I want you down the far end,’ the Tony onscreen says into the camera. ‘Whatever comes outta-‘
“Would you get rid of them if I asked you to?”
“But I don’t understand,” Thor says, rubbing his beard. “You eat...?”
“A big one,” she says.
Tony clears his throat. He looks at Steve warily, as if he’s scared he might start crying again.
“Never mind, I guess that’s still to come for you.”
It’s a performance, Steve realises, for the bug Tony’s now spotted; and when Tony’s fingers crook for a second in a beckoning motion, Steve strides forwards, grabbing Tony’s shirt by the collar.
ones.”
“The kids?”
“Eloquent as ever, sir. Memo saved.”
He waves his fingers at the horizon.
“Hey, it
“That’s... bad,” Bruce says.
Steve pauses, thinking. Learning the new layout of the city was strange and confusing, and even when thinking of
“Yeah, well, I’m not a soldier.”
“Implanted, ingested... It’s a brave new world, right?” Tony shrugs. “Post alien invasion. Hey, maybe HYDRA’s been funding nanotechnology when it hasn’t been busy cramming portals into ugly toy guns.”
“So that’s what that button does.”
“-and my cell wouldn’t turn on, so I couldn’t call you. Nobody could check the news and they wouldn’t let us back up upstairs.”
“Demands,” Tony says.
, I suppose the tower’s got plenty of room, if you don’t wanna stay in your shoebox and you don’t have anywhere else – what? What? What’s so funny?”
“Just did.”
“No,” Pepper says. “Even worse.”
“I’m talking about Natasha.”
Tony can see Steve’s face out of the corner of his eye. He stares up at his readings.
“Huh?”
“Oh, Steve?” Pepper calls him after when he’s halfway to the elevator. Steve turns quickly, to see her half rising from her desk, her hands braced on the edge of it. “Could you remind Tony the board wants the new designs by Friday? I won’t hold my breath, but I guess the more people tell him the higher the likelihood he might remember. This deadline’s important.”
“Yes,” Steve says, with a shrug.
“Obviously.” Tony tugs the loose ends of his shirt together and begins to button it back up, frowning down at his chest as the arc reactor disappears from view. “You’re not cars. Can’t slap a device to the underside of your engine. I mean, I could try, but it sounds messy-”
“We shall honour you in your absence,” Thor tells her gravely.
Tony narrows his eyes at Steve. Steve, glancing sideways, smirks at him.
“I didn’t even think about-” she begins in a hushed voice.
That got wet fast.”
“Come on,” he says. “It might not be Nazis, but I know just the wall to fire this at.”
“Only because Thor hadn’t gotten round to taking Jane Foster to meet the parents first.”
“I tried to tell you, but - How do you warn a guy of
“Thank you, Captain.”
“JARVIS, retrieve video footage from cameras You and Butterfingers, upload to private server. Keep it locked for now, but ready to make available for whitelist uh, zero-zero-four through eight once I’ve reviewed it.”
be different, but if the guy without you wasn’t the kind of guy who’d choose the ice and the future over a smoking hole in the ground, then I’m glad I never met him. And if he
“It’s – it’s okay?” Tony says, as if he doesn’t quite believe his own words. “I mean, I’m sorry. That she’s gone. And that I talked about doughnuts. Who cares about doughnuts? Doughnuts solve nothing.”
and we could still get a clear reading off it,” Bruce says. “Eventually.”
“Now, wait just a second,” Steve begins, as the door slides shut behind them.
. He just has a unique way of showing it.”
“That is
“Thank you,” Steve says automatically, reaching into the box and peeling the lone doughnut away from its sticky cardboard. He sniffs, rubs a hand across his face and takes a huge bite. The frosting is pink and sweet.
“I was never actually a boy scout,” Steve says, sticking with the only part of Tony’s speech he can even formulate a response to.
“I’m not so sure your…
“You ever considered the Asgardian tourism potential?” he says, loudly, over Thor. “You’d make millions.  That magical Einstein-Rosen bridge of yours would make Virgin Galactic look the Montgolfier bros. Man, their stock has
, it truly is, when in the last month or so he’s been able to talk about her and think about her again and sometimes even smile at the memories; and now, in front of Tony Stark of all people, his hands are shaking.
“I never punched you!” Steve protests, but he passes the man his handkerchief automatically. He rolls the pebble between his fingers.
“But now it’s time do what I have been
“And that’s just for starters.”
your mom? She okay?”
“The air pollution.”
“No,” Tony says. “I guess not.”
Suddenly Obie’s voice is right down by Tony’s ear, his breath on Tony’s neck, and Tony’s heart jumps for all that the rest of him remains motionless.
After Bruce has gone, Tony claps his hands together and then throws them wide apart, and the schematics explode around him, flying from his fingers to the far reaches of the room. He rests his chin on his hand, twirls a finger and sits back to the watch the lights spin.
“Are you serious?”
Tony laughs with a metallic echo. “It’s fine. I’ve heard worse.
“You-” Steve begins, before he stops himself. He pinches the bridge of his nose, takes a deep breath, and then takes his drink back from Tony. He pulls the straw out and swallows a deep mouthful. It’s still disgusting, but it tastes better than last time; it could grow on him, Steve supposes.
“Glad you could make it, Cap,” he shouts. “Stark, you’ve missed the party.”
He slides out from under the Hulk’s fist and straightens up cautiously. The Hulk stares down at him, breathing out through his nose hard enough to ruffle Steve’s hair. Without blinking, he crushes the arrow in his fist and lets the shards spill out onto Steve’s head.
“Tony...” Rhodey begins, so Tony hangs up. He glances sideways at Steve, sliding his cell back into his pocket.
A bomb beneath him and the stars overhead.
Down on the street corner, Steve stops to chafe his hands together. The chill doesn’t really bother him, but he’s still aware of it and he’s used to feeling the cold, especially with arms bare and a thin t-shirt. Rubbing his hands together, he turns around and looks up at the tower at the other end of the street. As the sun is going down and stars are slowly, faintly coming out, the tower’s becoming a curve of light, that big A at the top like the star on a Christmas tree. Steve’s still not a fan of the tower in daylight, but he can’t deny it’s beautiful at night.
“Go on, say something naughty. Just this once, I promise. For me. For America.”
I'm sorry this took so long. RL has really not been conducive with writing this year, but it seems there's a light at the end of the writer's block tunnel! Also I made a mix for the fic which I've now posted on tumblr, so you can download that
“No. As in, no, it’s not dangerous because
“I would not think it so,” Thor says. “But there is a lot of Loki I thought not possible. Perhaps when this new device is in my hands, I will feel his presence about it. Though I hope it will not be so.”
He puts the glass down and jumps to his feet, clapping his hands together. “Where are you staying, anyway? When you’re not crashing parties in my penthouse, I mean?”
“Pepper....” he says. “She must work hard.”
Standing dimly in the artificial light, Fury rests his knuckles on the conference table and leans forward to stare, slowly, at each of them in turn. Tony swivels around in his chair to watch everyone meet Fury’s eyes without flinching, although Thor is the only one to muster up an affable smile in the face of the stinkeye. Being an alien Viking god prince is one hell of a confidence boost. Who knew?
“Okay,” he says again, flatly.
Tony just raises an eyebrow, the yeah right visible on his face, but then he shrugs and motions with a hand for Steve to follow him – out of the cave and up into the great unknown.
“Put it in my calendar. Look, see if you can find Pepper when you get downstairs. She’s in the lobby, she’s kinda freaked out. Tell her nobody’s dead. Buy her a martini or something.”
“Hey,” Tony says. “Whatever the hell it is that HYDRA’s up to, we’re going to stop it.”
, he wonders.
you.”
you?” he mutters.
Tony shifts again and the chair creaks. Steve looks up at him. Tony is sitting with his arms and legs crossed, staring at the wall opposite like he’s trying to see through it.
Tony groans without looking up from his work, focussed on the notes he’s writing straight onto the surface of his desk. “Tone down the dramatics, Barton. You’re on vacation.”
“Knew you were gonna die doing the most important thing you’d ever get to do?”
“Dr Banner is showering. Mr Odinson is in his quarters, experimenting with the verbal lighting commands. Captain Rogers fears he has broken the coffee machine and is thus making tea instead.”
In the grounds, Tony is twenty-one and turns away from the study window; is twenty-six and watches Howard’s hand cover his mouth; is forty, with a blue light glowing in his chest, watching only himself this time.
“There you go,” she says. “Now mix us fresh drinks and maybe we’ll tell about all the fun we’ve had while you were gone.”
“They never had any kids,” Tony says again, with a helpless shrug. “No meta does if they can help it. It’s suicide.”
“I mean,” he tells the open air, “I’ve known you for, what? Two weeks. I could have just kept you in a block of ice and we’d be safe now, but I didn’t, and already you make me feel like things could change. Maybe you’re the reason why the Avengers in your world held together, and why Tony Stark’s still Iron Man. Maybe your world took so much longer to fall apart because you were there. But you weren’t
They look at each other again, in silence. Tony’s eyes are wide and his expression unreadable, as if he’s waiting for something he wants Steve to say. Steve is suddenly, abruptly uncertain. He puts his glass down on the countertop and clears his throat.
“Are you sure? Are you
Lowering his hands, Steve tries to meet as many eyes as possible, and while some people stare stonily back at him, others look away. He can hear people start to murmur, see them nudge each other. Right at the front, a kid pushes another, scrawnier kid forwards and that kid holds out a crumpled $50 bill.
The Hulk shoots him a disgusted look, but whatever he was about to do, he – doesn’t do it. Instead, still growling, he turns the getaway driver the right way up again and lowers him carefully to the ground. The man’s legs fold underneath him and he sits down in the road, staring up at the Hulk, and the Hulk – leaning forwards on his knuckles and bending down, down – lowers his face to stare right back into the man’s eyes, their noses squashed together.
He says, slowly, “This place could be bugged.”
“Have a doughnut,” Tony says, holding the box out to him.
“I know the way,” Steve says again on his way out the door.
“I guess we’ll go in the back way then,” Tony says.
Laughing, Steve shakes his head. “You aren’t as subtle as you think you are. Sorry, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to...” He schools his features. “What were you saying?”
“Look,” he says. “Listen. Engage all your senses, in fact-”
“World peace and no more hunger, right?”
“We need SHIELD intel, too,” he says, and he turns to Romanoff. “Natasha, what security clearance would someone need to access SHIELD’s collection of HYDRA weapons?”
Tony grins at them. Balancing the shield on his hip, he throws them a mock salute. “Gentlemen.”
The boy stops fighting altogether and begins to loudly cry. He sits down on the floor of the study and daddy sinks down before him.
Together, they move the other Tony onto the bed, where he lies quiet and still. Tony has a headache; Tony, who has been drinking since one pm, has the beginnings of a hangover and his fingers feel numb. The other Tony looks dead.
“Funny hat?” Thor murmurs.
“That was a long time ago,” Steve murmurs.
“Pretty much,” Steve admits, because it’s true.
. But then again, this Tony isn’t Iron Man, and this Tony has hidden himself away in a cave, and this world is already so different.
Billy steps forward. “There was a fight, but you missed it. Um. Captain America saved us and…” He trails off, bewildered, as Tony sinks down onto the ground. “Are you okay?”
“No?”
He curls his fingers in the ends of her hair. His brain feels slow and foggy with sleep, and there is a headache building somewhere deep behind his eyes, and the final, clinging fragments of a dream of movement scratching somewhere even deeper.
Steve nods, although he’s frowning. He looks away from Tony, gazing out the window, before he speaks. “You told me once that you were trying to – measure what you did, somehow. You wore all these crazy wires. But...”
it,” he groans.
The blackout screens filter away from the windows and the sunlight streams through. News headlines and weather reports scroll across the glass faster than Tony cares to read them. Lying back, he puts his hand over his eyes. He looks through his fingers at the cracks of light, reddish with blood and skin where his fingers touch, fall gold in the gaps between.
coffee and then he has to take a cold shower to wash off all that hot, sticky patriotism.”
“If the meetings were bad, she’ll probably stop by Jimmy Choo on the way.”
“When now?” he says. “Come on, you’re my guide to the future. Past. My future, your past, whatever you wanna call it.”
“Whilst it’s true that I have very rigorous security protocols, Agent Barton, I assure you none of them are necessarily intended to kill.”
he tries to say, but he can’t move his lips, can’t move his hands; he’s already dead.
“I’m already scared, dad,” he says.
With no sign of an imminent alien invasion or HYDRA uprising, there’s nothing to do but wait for Fury’s nod. Tony retreats to his lab to twiddle his thumbs. He works on the latest suit upgrades and his contracts and even shows up to a meeting in person, to keep them on their toes. He talks to legal for what feels like five hours and then he spends even longer in a teleconference with NASA, talking about the most powerful telescopes, the most distant stars. It’s fun; he has JARVIS order them all pizza.
, and then I get a call from the publicist trying to find out your
“Do you have an appointment, sir?” the receptionist asks.
Nodding, Steve says, “That’s fair,” and then he looks around at Tony.
“Tony,” she says, “I-”
“Thank you, Ms Potts.”
I’m just saying, maybe he was always a hardass and you just never saw it, because you’re – you. Being perfect is part of your whole shtick, isn’t it?” Tony shrugs again. He’s still making a show of staring at his work, but his back is very straight, and he’s holding himself very still.
“Go get in that elevator or I’ll let Clint use it for target practice.”
“What happened to
“Ah.” Thor rests his chin on his knuckles, frowning. “The, ah... the spiky plant.”
Contrary to Tony’s dire predictions, Thor and the pretty woman who can only by his girlfriend – even in this century, buddies don’t sit that close together, surely? – aren’t doing anything untoward. They’re sitting on the couch; she’s reading a science magazine, with her legs slung over his and his cape tugged around her shoulders; he’s got hold of a little robot and is watching its wheels spin in the air. He quickly puts it down when he sees Tony enter the room.
“I bought these sheets,” she says, after a pause.
Pepper smiles at him, kisses his cheek. “I always do.”
“Sorry, sir,” Steve says. “I’ll move along, I was just-”
“Yes,” Steve says, his expression wretched. “It was that last time I saw you.”
“Hell if I know.
“When five new people moved into your tower,” Pepper says, “and I updated the grocery delivery schedule.”
Someone with large hands delicately lifts Tony’s wrist up from the couch cushion he’s sprawled across and moves it into Tony’s lap. Tony opens his eyes to squint up at Thor.
having another drink. You, I don’t know, you can bathe your teeth in it. Enjoy the flavour. Atomise it, whatever. Did people do that in the forties? Did anyone ever take Captain America wine-tasting?”
“That was fun, right?” Tony says, later, leaning against the railings.
She stares at him as though she’s waiting for something. Her eyes are bright in the dark. Her fingertips are cold.
“Tony,” Howard says into the camera. “On the day you were born, I saw – you, I believe, with something strange inside your body. Something you had brought with you instead of leaving behind-”
“Agent Romanoff is located in room four, sir, opposite Dr Banner’s room. Her legs do not currently appear to be homicidal, but I will be sure to inform you if this status changes.”
important than a weapon stronger than our strongest fella.”
“Well, let’s get a closer look,” he says, twisting it and –
He starts scanning the rows for a zoom button, but the computer is already responding to his voice command, drawing in tightly on the figures’ faces.
It takes Steve a moment to process.
At Tony’s wordless nod, Steve groans and rests his forehead on his forearm, up against the wall. He’s aware, peripherally, of Tony pacing back and forth behind him. Steve closes his eyes and breathes out slowly.
Pepper huffs out a breath, still frowning at the glass in her hand. “But what did he
“Much appreciated, ma’am. I’m sorry, I don’t know your name...”
“Wow, congratulations, I think you just discovered a codename that makes even less sense than the one you’ve got.”
“Look,” he says, sitting on the arm of the couch and crossing his arms. “Come on, you little bastard.”
Slowly, Obie releases his grip and pats Tony on the side of the face, chuckling again. He stands, straightens his cuffs and breathes out deeply.
“Okay.” Tony shrugs, putting the bottle away again. “Good thing I didn’t start the party without you. Are we going now? Should I suit up?”
“Bingo.”
“Bet you didn’t think there’d still be pigeons in the twenty-first century.”
“Hah!” Tony declares, pointing his pen at Steve. It has a glowing tip. “After. Towers come and go, but pizza is forever.”
“Class of ’31 is gonna have a buttload of thunder gods in it, too.”
Ms Potts raises an eyebrow at her, and Agent Romanoff shrugs, adding, “They’re effective.”
The first thing Steve sees when he gets home is a tower of mail on the table.
“Houston, we have lift off,” says Tony, in his ear. His voice has a metallic quality that must be from the suit, but it’s still as clear and as close as if he were talking to Steve through a tin can on a bit of string.
Levering himself onto his feet with his uninjured hand on Steve’s shoulder, Tony turns to face Billy and Teddy.
“Forget Thor,
Through the window, in the living room, Jane is sitting on the couch with her magazine held up to her nose. She barely seems aware of Thor, sitting on the floor next to her with his chin on her thigh, but as Steve watches she turns a page and drops her hand to Thor’s head, running her fingers through his hair. Thor gazes up at her with a look of such pure, naked adoration in his eyes it’s visible even from where Steve is standing. He’s not sure it’s possible for someone to look more in love than that.
“I’m sorry if I worried you,” Steve begins, but Tony cuts him off.
Steve hesitates, uncertain how much to admit of the conversation they heard and the fact that he listened to it. He crosses over to the couch and leans his shield against the cushions, dumps his bag on the floor next to it, and he looks down at the map still spread across the coffee table.
“If it was Loki...” Barton begins, his face dark.
like a car,” he says, doubtfully. “It looks like a spaceship.”
He taps the Iron Man helmet on his communicator as discreetly as possible, hiding the small device easily in his hand, and he murmurs, “Ready.” The crowd flows on around him regardless. He’s just another obstruction to get by. Either people don’t recognise him out of costume or they just don’t care; it’s hard to tell in New York.
What it takes, it turns out, is two more throws of the shield, at which point the communicator as good as explodes out of the Hulk’s hand, parts flying everywhere amid the smell of burning. The Hulk roars – really, really roars, leaving Steve’s ears ringing, and he stamps on every last little piece of the communicator he can find until the floor shakes.
“My mistake,” he says with a shrug.
“I’ll call my tailor.”
Steve stares around the workshop, with his jaw clenched and his hands in his pockets, while Tony fixes the last wires into place. He can feel Steve moving around behind him as if he’s giving off a force-field of disapproval.
to you people?”
, so they meet, inexorably, halfway. It’s a clumsy, graceless kiss, with Steve’s mouth closed and Tony’s mouth dry, and Tony begins to laugh, breathlessly, against Steve’s lips.
“How old are you, Tony?” he asks.
Steve watches the muscles in Tony’s jaw shift as it clenches and unclenches. Tony swallows, frowning, and his gaze drifts away from Steve again, back down to the gun in his hands.
Relaxing back into the couch, Clint rubs his eyes. He yawns and stretches and swings his feet up onto the coffee table, nudging coffee cups and random screwdrivers out of the way with his toes.
Steve stares down at his hands, spread very carefully over the map of Atacama.
Steve tucks the bag of money under his arm and heaves the getaway driver – starting to groan – over his shoulder and he glances at the bank employees, still huddled together nervously but with the beginnings of grins on their faces now.
“All is 100% well.” Tony steps back, holding the door open with his foot. “Let’s blow this Popsicle stand – it means go,” he adds automatically. “Let’s go.”
Clint lifts a hand and waves.
He pulls his cell out of his pocket, still ringing. Pepper’s face stares up at him from the caller ID and he smiles down at her.
— the light, growing whiter and brighter and everything so cold it burns.
“Can’t get
“Right,” Steve says. “Yeah, I guess I
“Well, it’s a cross we’ve all gotta bear.” Barton stands, stretching extravagantly and says, around a yawn, “Good work, team. It’s been real. I’m going now.”
“I am like a bear,” Romanoff says serenely.
Steve clears his throat, refocusing. “And none of this is substantiated, right? Nothing you saw with your own eyes?”
“Password override zero-zero-four,” the computer man murmurs, as polite as ever.
In Steve’s crummy little apartment, Tony leans forward in Steve’s crummy little chair, scribbling notes on the back of a crummy little envelope.
“Boo,” says the Hulk.
“That’s not possible,” he says. “What about the Avengers? What about
“Gee willikers,” Tony murmurs. He straightens up as Bruce and Clint approach, and claps Bruce on the shoulder.
“Yeah, yeah, let him in. Tell him I’ll be down in a minute.”
“So, you’re actually doing this?” Rhodey says, the second Tony picks up.
“That depends on how much you know about biotechnics.”
He twists his head to glare up at Tony, until Tony laughs softly. He lets go of Steve’s chin and pats the side of Steve’s neck, before pulling his hand away. Sighing, Steve closes his eye again.
The Hulk growls at him.
“Perhaps sixty of your Midgardian minutes.”
“I dunno. You were talking crazy. Are you a ghost?”
“Okay,” Steve says, dropping the cookies and marshmallows into his basket too. He carefully juggles communicator and shopping basket to tick cereal off his shopping list, as he moves on to the next aisle. He pauses. “Wow, there sure are a lot of different kinds of milk.”
“Pep. Pepper.” Tony pats the back of her hand. “Come on, stop strangling me. It’s going to be fine.”
“We need to go back to the tower, too,” Steve says. “There’s something Bruce needs to show me.”
“Yeah,” Tony says, wistfully. “Disgustingly awesome. Anyway, get your ass over here.”
“Sweet talker.”
“Pillow fights?”
He watches Steve for a moment longer, and then turns back to Romanoff. The corners of her mouth twitch upwards while she watches Bruce regain control of his lungs.
At the sound of Steve’s voice, Tony seems to shake himself and he grins, hooking a finger into the collar of his t-shirt and tugging it outwards to peer down at his chest. The blue glow washes over his face.
“Probably.”
Flexing his freshly resurrected fingers, Tony smooths the loose flap of skin back into place with his other hand. It all seems to knit back together, edges disappearing into one smooth, solid plane of skin. Steve can just make out the hole where the screw goes, before Tony screws it back in and that, too, disappears.
“Enough,” Tony says as soon as his feet unsteadily hit the ground. He grabs a bunch of wires and tugs. “Enough science, okay? It’s sunny, birds are probably singing somewhere. Let’s get out of here. Pick somewhere to go. I mean it, I’m giving you free rein here.”
He pauses, taking a breath, and then when Fury – standing tall and silent, arms crossed – raises an eyebrow at him, Tony spreads his hands and shrugs. He slides back down into his empty seat, drumming his fingers on the edge of the table.
“So, you’re a landscape guy, huh?” Tony says, frowning down at his blank piece of paper, the corners flapping in the breeze.
“Not to my knowledge, sir, no.”
Tony smiles brightly at it, and says, “You’re super-secret, we’re just plain super. You fell face first into the black leather clothes store, we’re about five sequins and Black Widow’s hair extensions short of a drag queen on Mardi Gras. How’s that supposed to work together? I mean, have you
is going on there. Or...”
“I’ve got some flip flops,” says a guy, holding up a shopping bag.
Tony whips around from his conversation with his robots, staring up at Steve. He cracks a grin. “No, not you. You stand wherever you want, my permission. This pile of nuts and bolts is called You. Kinda. It was an accident.”
“Well, I sure as hell do now. Hard not to when ET keeps leaving his armour on the couch.”
“Thank you.”
“So,” she says at last, turning back to her nails and the quiet flickering light of the television screen. “What did you find?”
“Are you okay?” Steve asks, walking towards him.
“We... will?” Thor says uncertainly.
“There was paperwork in that pile,” Ms Potts says.
“Sure,” Steve says, sounding sceptical.
“There were stars,” Tony murmurs. “There were whole other worlds out there. I could
“Suggestions.” Steve smiles at her. “We would like access to everything you have on HYDRA.”
“She’s swell. Why?”
“You started it.”
“I’m not saying it’s a bad thing.”
about it.”
“Stark told Pepper, Pepper told me. Fury mentioned it, too. Congratulations, I think the entirety of SHIELD has a crush on you right now.”
“-but there it is, me, my three PhDs. I had a phase. Everyone has a collecting stuff phase. Thor, buddy, a gift for you as promised. You ever collect stuff?”
He glances up at Clint, who is standing next to him with his mouth hanging open and an ice cream sandwich in each hand. Clint wordlessly passes one down to him.
“Mr Stark’s favoured approach is to leave them on the floor to be picked up by someone else. However, if you are feeling adventurous, Captain, there is a little-used laundry chute at the end of this corridor.”
A woman steps forward and takes the bag from him with a nod.
“He spat the bullets out,” the first speaker says, weakly.
Barton rolls his eyes, scoffing, and Tony flips him off, but Bruce clears his throat and says, “He’s right, though. You
Steve pauses one step in the door, turns back to look at the doorman closely.
you feel?”
“Back to work,” she says.
Steve glances up at Tony, but Tony is looking down at the tube of blood.
“Move into the tower, you asshole,” Tony says. “You could at least pretend to look surprised. Christ, I take it back, you’re not invited anymore.”
“I don’t believe snacking and avenging have to be mutually exclusive,” Tony says. “It’s a brave new world. Now scram. Get.”
“Well, would you look at that,” Tony says.
“I never really know how safe it is down here,” he murmurs, more to himself than to Steve. “Pretty damn safe, I figure. Unless they’re just toying with me? I don’t know.”
Pepper answers her cell a split-second into the first ring, gasping, “Tony! Oh my god, what’s going
“I did it all for you.”
“Thor?” Ms Potts suggests. She reaches the bottom of the stairs and drops her armful of towels onto the floor, staring up at Steve with her hands on her hips. “You can’t stay in those wet clothes. I know Captain America isn’t meant to get sick, but I’d rather not test the theory. We’ll need to... do something.”
“Is something funny?” Hill asks.
“But I thought you... The agent?”
The questions speed by quickly, as cheerful and optimistic as Romanoff had predicted; she smiles prettily and cracks jokes the whole while, somehow avoiding any discussion about her shadowy past or still pretty damn shadowy present. They talk about exciting new possibilities and humanity’s rapidly expanding knowledge of the universe, and Tony assures SI stockholders that being a bona fide superhero won’t detract from his work for the company.
“Call me Steve,” he retorts.
“Coulson, sir,” the doorman says.
“See this?” he says, tapping the blue line on the graph. “That’s the frequency of time travel. I should win a Nobel prize.”
As Bruce begins to mark locations on the map, still speaking, a door slams somewhere in the heart of the penthouse and raised voices drift down to them from overhead.
Smiling wryly, Tony drums his fingers on the handrail. He flexes his fingers, curling and uncurling each joint individually. The suit whirrs with every small movement, barely audible unless you know what to listen for.
to mark the difference, except maybe – and only maybe – a slight decrease in temperature. A coldness where the metal lies.
When he tugs, Tony rolls over to meet him.
do the vertical tango with a nuclear missile to save your ass.”
OKAY, HERE WE GO. I have never been so nervous to post something in my life.
. We need to cut the apron strings fast, while people still like us. Okay, speech over.”
Steve clears his throat and says, “Hi, you must be, uh, Ms-”
“Leave no man behind.”
“Trust you to be a toddler with principles,” he says. “What happened, did the righteousness form in utero?”
“Pervert.”
“Never mind.”
“We should make a start on Fury’s paperwork,” she says.
“Some of it, yeah,” he says.
“Thank you, ma’am. Best make it a lot of them.”
Steve hesitates, staring up into the camera lens.
She turns to Clint.
“Well, I wasn’t.”
“Tony...”
“Geez, you can make
As Tony begins moving around the room, lifting sheets of drafting paper and opening cupboard doors, there’s a faint whirring hum from overhead, as if JARVIS were clearing his throat.
Tony looks around at Loki, who is watching them intently, and at Black Widow, who turns her head away. He grabs Steve’s arm again.
Steve flexes, and Tony carefully notes down the new measurement. Then he looks up. “I know I haven’t been completely clear with you. That hasn’t been fair. I can’t drag you out of an icecap – hell, maybe out of an entire parallel universe – and then not tell you what’s going on. But I’m a secretive person, and I haven’t had to share my secrets in…” He pauses, hands loosening as he looks away; Steve follows his gaze to the surveillance monitors. “In a long time. So ask whatever questions you need to ask, but trust me if I say I can’t tell you something. Deal?”
Steve nods at her, and at the other who start to grab the flyaway notes and shove them back into the bag. He looks round at everyone else.
“This is a good idea, right?” Tony says. “We’re not totally crazy. Someone would have noticed by now, if we were having a six person psychotic break.”
“I’m trying to get the little bastard flying.” Tony grins up at Steve, who huffs out a disgruntled breath. “But without actually attaching any repulsor tech to it. Ideally we’d want a whole fleet of them, flying independently, so they need to be dispensable.  I start letting teeny, tiny, annoying repulsors fly around in battle, I might as well just turn my workshop into a garage sale. It’d be less messy and at least I’d get a buck or two.”
“Tony?” Steve says.
because two dozen different publications were all asking.”
“Good on you,” Steve murmurs.
“The past is, though,” Steve says, still staring down at his feet. “Isn’t it?”
Tony raises the gun. He pulls the trigger.
“Hello?” he says. “Do you copy?”
“What?”
“Good luck, have fun, make businessmen cry, et cetera.”
Working with Hill, Sofia gets a conference room booked and the eager press prepared within a matter of days. Standing in their impromptu dressing room, Tony can hear the excited voices building in the conference room next door, everyone slowly assembling for the Avengers debutante ball.
, nobody’s replicated my repulsors. This guy was all talk and no walk. All smoke and no fire – actually, the problem was too
zero-zero-four? Natasha’s six. I wonder who five is?”
“And the Chitauri,” Romanoff says.
“It doesn’t
Steve huffs out a breath, part sigh and part laughter. Overhead, he sees the light flare outwards brightly for a second and then it streaks across the sky, Tony whooping in his ear. He’s fast, but – Steve thinks, as he walks back out of the alley - he’ll have to get out the suit before he can get to the bar and the disassembly line only goes at walking pace. JARVIS can probably work the elevator faster than that if you ask him nicely.
“A shark,” he says. “In the eye.”
“I know, I’m sorry,” and there’s Tony’s voice. “I should have brought you back an ice cream sandwich.”
“Pepper?” Tony mumbles.
Steve clears his throat.
“Everything’s down,” he says. “Could be EMP – that’s an electromagnetic pulse. Hang on.”
Shoving the bag back at Bruce, with the zipper still half-open and the sleeve still dangling out, Tony straightens Bruce’s shirt collar.
Tony grins at him. Pulling his arm back, he aims for the top of the next skyscraper along and throws the paper plane as hard as he can. The wind picks it up right away, tugging it from Tony’s fingers the second he lets go; the plane speeds away, spiralling downwards into the city.
Tony taps his chin in deep, sarcastic thought. “Like, who the hell are these devilishly attractive people anyway? Where did they come from? Who put this team together? Who’s controlling it
“I promise I won’t leave you nothing,” he says.
“What?”
“But how does that make you feel?” Tony says, still snickering.
Tony laughs so hard he drops the red pencil.
Tony lifts his gaze at last, to meet Steve’s eyes. His mouth twists and he shrugs with one shoulder, lifting his hand in goodbye.
“Distracted? Pepper, I’m not distracted, I’m more focussed than I’ve ever been–”
“I’m saying, welcome to the world of tomorrow, where the government steals your children.” Tony spreads his hands and adds, in a voice filled with venom, “Ta-da.”
“Pep?”
She looks smaller than she ought to, standing alone in that cavernous room with her arms around herself.
For a while, that’s all there is, until he feels air against his face.
Returning to his desk, Bruce fusses around with his computer, saving data and shutting down applications and tidying his workspace. Tony watches him for a little while. Bruce’s desk is still gleaming white, like new. The whole lab shines under its clean, white lights. It smells faintly of bleach and echoes a little when they talk. It’s too big for just two scientists.
Tony taps his fingers against the edge of the box. He tugs his communicator out, turns it over in his hands, and then slots it back into place again. Steve watches his eyes dart around the room, never quite landing on him.
JARVIS would sigh, Tony knows, if he could. But he obliges, and Tony leans back in his chair and watches. His eyes are aching, his head is throbbing, and there is something on the other side of that blue-white light. Of course there is, it’s a portal, they already knew that. But –
He swallows again, thickly, pushing the heartbeat back down from where it’s sticking in the back of his throat. He lets go of Tony’s wrist and stands, turning to the window and staring out over the ghost of the city while he peels off his jacket and overshirt, leaving them both draped over the footboard. Moving back around to the other side of the bed, he sits down on the edge of it, then swings his feet up onto the mattress.
Tony nudges him in the side
Rolling his eyes, Steve hands Tony the second screwdriver. It apparently signals the end of the conversation, as Tony twists away on his desk chair and sets about examining the circuitry from all angles. With a sigh, Steve turns to lean against the desk, sticking his hands in his pockets. He’s still wearing his uniform, in all its battle-worn, frozen and thawed glory. One day soon, he’ll need some new clothes. He’ll need to contact whatever scientists this world has to offer. He’ll need to leave.
“Feel smug? That’s what I usually do.”
“And you think it’ll work?”
Steve rubs a hand across his mouth. “This never seemed real from my end of things. You were such a strange part of my life, I don’t think I ever really thought of
It’s the same receptionist as last time, five weeks ago. She clucks her tongue in sympathy at the sight of him.
“I’m sure Fury wouldn’t abuse his power like that”
“That’s...” Steve pauses, searching for the appropriate words. “News to me,” he finishes lamely.
“What about SHIELD?
“What do you mean?”
“No, look,” Tony says. “Socks, I’m wearing
“Bigger than Jesus.”
Tony slips his hands back into his pockets and stands there, staring up at Steve. There’s a look in his eyes, one that seems to draw inward until he’s not really looking at Steve at all; his eyes are open but his face is closed, the conversation over. Steve takes it as a sign.
“Any preferences?” Tony asks, motioning at Steve’s forearm with the scalpel.
“Sure.” Tony takes the shield and holds it awkwardly, running his fingers along the rim. “I can do that.”
Thor leaps to his feet joyously, the past shame forgotten as he takes a particularly sticky doughnut. Jane, ducking under his arm, grabs one for herself.
Pete has a grandson. Pete has five grandkids, in fact, and two daughters and a son. Pete has a life, a full eighty years of it plus change, and when he dies – which they both know will be soon – he’ll probably die happy.
“You’re like a dog with a bone, aren’t you?”
the powers instead of as a separate entity. I thought I could still be... of some small use to the cause.” He spreads his hands under Steve’s gaze. “It wasn’t an innately bad idea.”
“I’m as surprised as you are,” he adds, walking out into the cool October air.
“Sir, I strongly dispute this hypothesis.”
“Is this why you called me here today?” Steve asks, swinging his gym bag off his shoulder and leaning it against the side of the desk. “To play catch with the Hulk? Not that it doesn’t make for an interesting change, but...”
“Never thought I’d die pleasantly.”
“SHIELD says I’m pathologically and physiologically unreliable,” he says. “Sometimes I’ll just disappear.”
“I wouldn’t.”
He grins up at Steve until Steve, shaking his head, begins to laugh. The sound of it echoes around them, surrounding them, layer upon layer upon layer.
“Oh, goodie,” Bruce murmurs.
Loose pieces of paper money drift past their faces. Steve, blinking dust and cold tears out of his eyes, squints down at the tableau Tony’s lowered them into: the street has ground to a standstill, the cars stuck at the back honking their horns angrily, although the drivers at the front all seem to have gotten out and joined in the show. The crowd must be at least a couple hundred strong, and in the middle of it Clint has half a dozen men on their knees, their hands on their heads while he points an arrow at them almost lazily.
Agent Romanoff makes the noise that sounds like laughter again. Unpicking the final knot, Steve grins down at his boot.
“I chop, I stir, I apply fire. I haven’t died of hunger yet.” Tony glances up from the breadbox and seems to read something in Steve’s expression that makes him snort. “Oh, I see. Hey, size matters. Even you know that, right? Look.”
“Don’t. No offence, but whether you’re Tony Stark or Iron Man you’re extremely – noticeable. This needs to... not
“Okay, listen,” Tony says. “Once upon a time there was a little boy who was never on time. The boy’s you, in case that wasn’t obvious. It’s me, too. You’re going to have a weird life and parts of it are gonna suck. Sorry about that. It’s too late to change any of it now, so just... remember this moment, okay?”
“I’m ready. Think of somewhere nice.”
“Your point?”
“Sorry,” Tony says. “Band-aid, lollipop, the healing properties of a kiss?”
“Isn’t that bad for your knife?” he asks.
“Oh geeze,” Tony says. “Quit looking so sad, the pair of you. You’re making
“Made you curse.”
“I imagine... the shrapnel would probably have ripped out of you when you disappeared. I imagine then you would have died.”
Tony’s fingers clench and release around the little horseshoe magnet still nestled against his palm. He huffs out a breath of laugher than earns him a questioning look from Steve.
,” the other boy says quietly, beginning to cry again.
Tony doesn’t reply.
“Precisely, sir.”
He’s cut off by movement and an unfamiliar voice
There’s a moment of stunned silence, and then Tony starts to laugh and the tension breaks. Steve can see people tugging their cell phones out and turning them in their direction.
“It reaches logical conclusions,” Tony says. N. T. “It makes educated guesses. If it sees a bunch of people staring up into the sky, it starts to wonder what the hell they’re all looking at.”
“Pass it here,” Steve says. He ignores the sound of his own voice, wrecked and stuffy with unshed tears, and looks back up at Tony.
“I’ll allow it,” Tony declares. “Widow, you’re up. Uh... favourite food?”
“You,” Tony says, instead. “I mean, she had you. Fighting. For her.”
He straightens up, pushing himself away from the wall. The exit is all the way on the other side of the workshop, but Steve focuses on the distant grey rectangle of the doors. He pauses when he walks past Tony, but Tony has his back to him, eyes shut, face still half-hidden by his hands, and Steve begins to turn away.
“My thoughts exactly,” Bruce says. “Either way, I’m thinking that’s worth checking out.”
At first, he just hadn’t been able to stop moving – as if seventy years on ice had left a surplus of energy unspent; as if the second he let himself stand still, he would sink back down into the sea again. He had broken more punch bags than he cares to count, then saved the world, then got on his bike and drove and drove. If this is the world he fought and essentially died for, and if he’s going to be here forever, then he wants to know every last inch of it – and maybe then, he thinks sometimes on the darker nights – he’ll know if his sacrifice was worth it.
Steve drifts away while Tony does his thing. He leans back against the railing again and watches Clint and Bruce chatting as Bruce puts on the flip flops, too far away and surrounded by the hustle and bustle for Steve to make out their words; Tony signing autographs and posing for pictures and spreading his fingers to show curious kids the most intricate joints. Although everyone had kept their distance from the Hulk, now he’s gone the show seems to be over and the crowd is starting to disperse at last. A few people linger on the peripheries of his vision, pointing and staring at him, and Steve lifts his hand and smiles, though they come no closer.
Tony is thirty-five and standing in the corridor, in the shadows, where he can watch the four-year-old disappear, the empty bathrobe falling suddenly to the ground and all ten of Howard’s fingers curling into fists.
“Oh, good,” says Bruce without inflection.
“Shit. You, uh.” Tony stammers, breaks off, starts again. “You want the last doughnut?”
“We’re learning valuable stuff here,” he says. He lifts a hand and ticks it off on his fingers. “Bruce likes calm, blue oceans, Barton likes injuring sealife, Romanoff doesn’t like eating people. Thor, you’re up.”
And then he stops, opening and shutting his mouth. Steve stares up at him and then, when Tony shakes his head and glances away, he tilts his head back further and stares up at Antarctica. He can see right through the globe to the Arctic and past that the night sky.
“It deployed a sonic pulse that stopped people moving,” Tony says, licking his thumb. “I was an added extra. The prototype was destroyed, anyway, and somehow I never really felt like revisiting it. But that frequency’s a starting point.”
“Look after it,” he says.
Natasha wordlessly holds the gun up again. Thor leans forward, the smile fading from his face as he studies it.
“And then he tried to eat the car,” Clint adds, with a beatific smile.
“Any sartorial preferences this morning, sir?”
She’s sitting on the edge of the bed, wrapped in a sheet, with her knees drawn up to her chest. Her face is turned towards the window. The low haze of starlight and light pollution has smoothed the tension from her face, left her looking younger, softer.
“That isn’t as comforting as you think it is,” she says. She glances over his shoulder, nods and lifts a hand to his chest, giving him a gentle push away from her. “I think your team needs you.”
“Excuse me?”
The silence is broken by Fury clearing his throat.
Tony nods. His face is still mostly turned away from Steve, towards the exit, only the dark brown corner of his eye visible through darker lashes. He glances down into his lap, and then sideways into Steve’s lap, and then he reaches out a hand towards him.
“Let’s find out.”
Steve lets Tony’s voice wash over him, barely understanding every other word but Tony sounds – beneath the bluster and the wisecracks that Steve is only starting to learn how to see through – as enthusiastic as a kid showing his mom a fingerpainting. He lifts his communicator up close to his face and examines each pictogram: a hammer; a little bow and arrow; a scowling face that can only mean the Hulk.
move away from SHIELD, we’d lose that support network.”
“You’re born before me,” Tony says, softly.
“The nanites keep the blood at bay,” Tony explains casually. He discards the screwdriver and slots the new circuit board into his arm, fixing it in place with a flurry of one-handed activity that Steve can’t decipher. Tony’s hand spasms and he hisses out a breath. “Okay, that stings a lot.”
“Russian. Really. That’s your excuse?” Tony says.
Steve glances sideways at Clint and Tony. By no stretch of the imagination could you call either of them
“Good to see you again, Dr Banner,” he says.
“Perfect.”
As he starts to walk, he glances back over his shoulder. Clint catches his eye and nods, and past Clint – the man with the highly conspicuous bow and arrow – there’s the giant green man carrying a car, and past that the crowd of people who want to find out how the day’s excitement ends. They’re still holding up traffic, because now drivers keep slowing down to stare and stare at the procession passing by. People, pointing at him.
“Shoo,” Steve says, nudging it away.
The lights sink back into the ground and Tony emerges from the shadows, jogging to the door. It opens for him.
He has the kind of voice that people instinctively just obey.
“Yet another reason why the past sucked.”
Tony hums under his breath. “My side, huh?” He nudges Steve’s finger out of the way with his hand and solders the wire into place. “Could be him, then. Getting you out of the way by sending you to an alternate universe. Sneaky. Pass me that screwdriver. No, the other screwdriver.”
“Give me a hand with this, would you?” Tony says, thrusting his right arm out into Steve’s face.
“Bastard cam, you mean?”
Steve frowns down at him, while Tony blinks again. He shakes his head and rubs at his eyes with clumsy fists – and then his head snaps up and he jerks upright, whipping around to stare at Steve.
“Yes, you do,” she says.
as real. Not properly. It’s a funny thing to wrap my head around, that I’m going to be sharing it with someone now.”
Steve is a lot bigger than Tony, he reminds himself. And stronger too, especially in this world without Iron Man. He takes a step back, breathing out slowly. In this world, Tony Stark probably isn’t a threat.
As ever, many thanks to everyone on tumblr who helped answer all my occasionally rather stupid questions about New York/American Things/Stuff (especially elizardbits, my Hulkspiration.)
“You look like you’re adjusting to civilian life better now.”
“Ta-da.” Tony turns, jerking his head at Steve. “And for my next trick, I disappear.”
“Nah, his feelings for you are as pure as the driven snow. He loves you like he loves America and, uh... fighter jets.”
“Boy,” he says. He runs his hand through his hair, then, when his fingers keep on flexing, shoves his hands back into his pockets. “Okay. I guess – I guess I knew it was gonna happen sooner or later. Can you…?”
If nothing else, it’s warm and the fire is crackling. He realises, halfway through the third episode of this celebrity dancing show (he doesn’t know anyone on it, but Ms Potts assured him nobody does, not even the other contestants), there’s a little robot stoking the fire and periodically sucking up ash with sad beeping noise.
“Thank you, sir.”
“A mix of both.”
“Who’s Rhodey?” he asks.
Tony pauses. He tugs his shades off completely and glowers up at Steve. “I don’t want to say it now. You’ve ruined the moment.”
Steve pushes his pencils and paper aside and sits up so he can peer at Tony. Tony frowns down at his drawing intently, tapping the point of his pencil against the paper. A dozen little marks form in its wake.
Steve is watching, so Tony nods at him.
“I’m guessing gold’s his second favourite?”
“What, you didn’t even bet on it?”
“Cats and dogs,” Tony murmurs, “marrying each other.”
noticeable. Bruce is taking me to the edge of the desert and then I’m going alone.”
fail. You know it, I know it. SHIELD is exposed, we get dragged down with you. Or the Avengers lose favour, and you and all your leather accessories get dragged down with
“Who the hell are you?” Tony says.
“Who were you talking to on the radio?” he asks.
“-interesting,” he breathes, lifting the reactor right up to his face with the softest smile. “Ah. This is your masterpiece, Tony. I mean it. Even Howard would have been proud.”
He pauses. A rocket explodes over the globe over their heads, and Steve breathes out slowly.
“Not a guess,” Steve says, grinning. “You smell like... warm pennies. ’S always you, anyway.”
At last, Tony throws down his screwdriver and exclaims, “What? Did you see someone being unpatriotic on the way here or something?”
Thor sighs again, sonorously. Helping himself to another handful of popcorn, he turns his head and stares out the window. From this high up, the view is mainly sky, and clouds, and the beginnings of a hazy golden sunset. Somewhere out there, past the sunset and the stars, must be Thor’s home.
“I built JARVIS, so technically when I talk to him I’m talking to myself.”
“Could  everyone who took any of the money floating around here hand it back to these folks here, please?”
He realises too late that the light isn’t moving forwards, but upwards – or rather, it isn’t moving at all, because Tony is the one moving.
“What?” Tony says. “What, you never heard of clearing your throat? Sending a passive aggressive email? No?”
“Twenty-four,” Steve says, smiling faintly. “I was six. I thought I was dreaming.”
still haven’t told me if you want that aardvark.”
Obie smiles down at him. He puts the arc reactor, and its extractor, back into his case and snaps it shut.
“And flashed the world your six pack.” Tony pats him on the stomach. “God bless America. Wave goodbye to your anonymity.”
The Hulk grunts, but he tilts his head in what could be a nod and says, “Small man wanna talk to you.”
“Okay,” Steve says again. He hesitates anyway, waiting for Tony to lift his head, waiting for the other shoe to drop, but nothing is forthcoming. Eventually Steve stands, giving Tony’s arm a quick squeeze as he passes by.
Clearing his throat, Tony looks down at his wrists. He twists one of the glowing cufflinks around between finger and thumb. It’s warm to the touch.
You’s camera remains in roughly the same position while JARVIS fastforwards, focussed on their backs as Steve and Tony moved and talked and pulled on their safety gear. The image freezes abruptly when it syncs with b-cam-001’s timestamp. Tony leans forward, resting his chin on his hand.
“Will do.”
“What’s Asgard like?” Steve asks, softly.
Standing, he moves outside of Tony’s frozen field of vision.
Tony grins at him. Twisting in his seat, he turns to the right and points at Barton, who sighs.
“I’d push the big, red button myself,” Tony says, “but obviously then I’d disappear and drop it, so the honour falls to you. Ready?”
He swallows down on that sudden rising swell of loss, and he focuses. “If you won’t tell me about your secret late night phone calls, then tell me
“Lift section four of the reactor shutters 20%,” he says.
“Sweet talker,” he says.
“I’m not saying that! Have you ever thought about what this is like for me? Has that ever crossed your mind? You almost died, Tony! In
He makes a couple more notes. Then, with a dragging motion, he lifts his glowing pen up away from the computer panel and-
said. Forget that too. Just – sit down, sit, there’s something I wanna show you.”
“Yessir,” Teddy says. He tugs at Billy’s sleeve until Billy nods and mumbles his thanks. The two of them melt away into the trees. They’re smart kids in any universe. Steve knows they’ll be all right.
“I’ll count,” he says, magnanimously.
“Is it all… ready?” Steve asks the wall.
Tony grimaces. It’s almost
“It could have been Reed Richards,” he says.
Steve is climbing to his feet automatically to bid her goodnight, but when she turns to look back at him, what he says is, “Natasha, wait – what do you know of Fury’s plans?”
“I’m not angry, Bruce, I’m disappointed.”
Tony goes home. A few seconds later, Tony goes as well.
“You should give Van Dyne a call. You used to go on playdates with her, right? She’s with R&D now. Textiles are her specialty.”
What if one day he travels back in time to the wrong side of a closing portal?
“Oh, I’m sorry, baby. What’s the slowest you’ve got? Come on, impress me.”
“Yeah, yeah, permission granted. What, you barely budge for vodka and doughnuts, but you leap out of your chair for Jane? Your priorities are...” Tony pauses, taps his chin. “Sickeningly well-balanced, I guess. Well done, you.”
,” daddy says, his voice quieter and angrier than Tony has ever heard it before.
“My scans couldn’t turn anything up,” says Tony. “Not even what it’s made of. Which is why
,” he adds, with a hint of amusement, “not a threat.”
“I guess I do.”
She laughs once and shakes her head and looks away again, shifting forwards to rest her chin on her knees. The movement dislodges Tony and he sits up straighter, looking over her shoulder, following her gaze up to – the sky, the few, faint stars. The blackness in between the stars.
“Neater, I guess.”
“Yes,” she says. “If that’s what it takes.”
“Not yet.”
“You’re unsubtle. You gave Clint food, so you want him on your side. You argued with Steve this morning, though the two of you have become good friends—” and at this, her gaze swings around to Steve, although she keeps talking to Tony. “You’ve been frustrated by Fury’s silence for months. You seem cheerful today.”
“Maybe I could have gotten a better doctor.” Flushing, Steve looks back down at his hands. “I mean, Doctor Harris, he – he did what he could, but he was so busy and mom wasn’t... important.”
Tony carefully undoes his tie and pulls it free and folds it around his fingers. He slips out of his jacket and hangs it over the back of a chair. His shirt, he takes off slower, button by button, tossing it onto his bed when he’s done. He kicks his jeans across the floor, tugs off his socks and tugs down his boxers.
“So how’s it going?”
“What, you were just planning on jumping inside into goodness knows where?”
“I got hungry.”
to happen, or possibly to explode, so he’s not surprised when the rectangle lights up at the press of his hand: beneath his thumb, a picture of his shield rendered in those familiar bright, blue lines of light; in the main body of the rectangle, three rows of tiny pictograms set out like the dial of a modern phone. Steve examines them carefully, then looks up at Tony.
Fury rolls his eye, standing up straight and folding his arms. He clears his throat in a way that says
“No, I’ll survive,” Steve says. He watches the blood run back and forth as Tony turns it over and over in his hands. “If you sold that on eBay, you’d make a fortune.”
as two separate cities it’s hard not to sometimes muddle the two, but he’s always had a good sense of direction.
“Tony,” Steve says, “we should—”
Steve taps his shoulder again, nods, then straightens up and moves away.
“So no aliens? Or Hammer, or...?”
vile. What was I thinking? I can’t remember what I put in it.”
“Okay, fine,” he says, rotating his wrist. “This doesn’t need to be a two-man job from here, if you want out.”
- still hanging in Tony’s hands, then up at the hole in the wall. “What the heck were you doing just now?”
There’s a pause, before Tony says, “You’re right.”
Nobody says yes, but nobody says no either. His gaze lingers on Sofia, who shakes her head. The crowd is shifting, beginning to come back to life and climb to their feet. Thor has disappeared, but he’s left his cape behind; a group of reporters in the front row are huddled underneath it.
“Thanks,” Tony mutters. He takes the bundle of ice and flops back in his seat, strings cut. Steve hears him sigh as he presses the ice against his palm.
Natasha licks a drop of milk from the end of her spoon and says, levelly, “You want the team to be independent from SHIELD.”
“Was she gone long?” Steve asks.
There is something cold inside the heat inside his chest. There is the most familiar hand on his shoulder.
“You don’t have to wait,” Steve says. “I know the way.”
“Thank you, Thor, that’s... very kind.”
“Well, I...” Bruce takes his glasses off and wipes them on the edge of shirt, frowning. “Blue, I guess?”
The other Tony’s eyes snap open and he grabs at his own chest, knocking Obie’s hands away, sucking in a deep, shuddering breath.
“Essentially correct, Captain. Penthouse, level one.”
Someone else shouts, “Now take the rest off!”
The robot beeps at Tony, bobbing its head up and down while Tony, muttering, “Hold still, would you?”, slots a small fire extinguisher into place on its neck. He steps back with his hands on his hips and watches the robot roll away.
--and then suddenly the world tears apart.
Steve glances up, startled from his reverie. Tony is a good six or seven feet ahead by now, twisting around to stare expectantly over his shoulder at Steve. He needs to focus, he needs to pay attention. He hurries to catch up and – there is a flash of red and blue swinging in the corner of his eye. Steve turns, craning, searching the sky and the buildings in that flash of a direction that he saw. And there’s Spider-man, almost invisible against the redbrick he’s clinging to. His costume is dim, the red earthier and the blue greyer; the Spider-man equivalent of camouflage. Steve grins. He shields his eyes against the glare, just watching, as Spidey throws out an arm and—
“Activate video bastard-cam-zero-zero-one. Did you get that?”
“You know these sheets are Egyptian cotton, right? Thousand thread count? They cost more than a,” Tony yawns, stifles the yawn, “a flat screen TV.”
“Imprecise,” Tony says. He rubs his hands through his hair and shakes himself, blinking away the last clinging dregs of sleep as he flops back down onto the bed. He props himself up on his elbows and points at Steve. “And who here is without sin? Mister I watch you while you’re sleeping?”
Steve freezes. Tony is already walking away, back towards the road and then onwards to Steve doesn’t know where. A place where he can disappear. Steve knows he can’t let that happen. He jogs after Tony, catching him by the elbow as Tony weaves through the trees. Streetlights shining through the branches.
“Dying alone in space was the
Tony lifts up his faceplate and says, “Have we met?”
“You can’t laugh at in-jokes from the future,” Tony says, sliding into the driver’s seat. He turns to glare at Steve. “It’s cheating.”
Shielding his eyes, Steve backs up and cranes his neck to watch the light at the very top of tower flare up and launch itself out into the sky. A comet, ascending.
The man shrugs, making the wires strapped to his shoulders rattle. He glances sideways at Steve.
The hairs on Tony’s arms are standing on end. He straightens up and shoves his hands into his pockets.
“I will endeavour to do so.”
Tony leans his full weight against the buzzer and waits, ankles crossed, with his elbow on the button and his head propped up on his knuckles. He stares right back at all the passers-by who double-take at the sight of him.
“Fuck!” he shouts. He kicks the bedpost, bare toed, and then sinks down onto the mattress with a pained snarl. He grabs his shirt, tugging it on.
“For which I’m eternally grateful-”
Steve frowns, moving closer to the microwave and trying to peer into the little window around Thor’s bulk. He has a microwave, but he’s never heard one make noises like this before. “You told me to come by in a couple weeks, so here I am.”
Clint backs up, lifting his hands. “Or don’t, it’s cool. I respect your choices. The choice to not put things on your head is – is totally valid.”
“I’m not sure that would be wise,” Thor says. “And besides, we have no need for Midgardian riches.”
Yawning and stretching, eyes screwed shut, Steve fumbles to the side for the light switch as he walks into his room and then he opens his eyes and he stops, with his hand frozen on the wall.
Steve rolls his eyes. “Yeah, that one.”
“All is well?” Thor asks.
“Yes?”
“-Tony,” Howard says, “I don’t truly understand why you are – the way you are, and you’re too young to understand this right now-”
“Yeah,” he says. “You mentioned it.”
“I’d say don’t forget about the ice problem,” the third Tony says, lifting up his faceplate and scratching his nose, “but we all know we’re gonna forget about the ice problem.”
“I did? Hey, I
He steps into the room. The door shuts behind him, and for one brief moment Steve’s at a loss, until he hears faint noises coming through the giant door before him. If the metal’s as thick as he thinks it is, then the noises must be very loud indeed, and that sounds like Tony Stark.
“I’m afraid not, ma’am,” Steve says. She begins to frown and Steve adds, quickly, “But Mr Coulson outside mentioned my name’s on a list. Captain Rogers?”
“Hey,” he says. “Nice speech. I think I saw a biker gang crying at the back there. Big, hairy, tattooed, blowing their noses. It was moving, I was moved. Do you have a touching speech prepared for every occasion or did the super-duper serum come with a bonus SAT Writing paper?”
“Oh boy, she’s a funny lady when you get to know her.” Steve chuckles at the memory, ducking his head down. The tips of his ears, turning pink.
“I don’t know,” says Tony.
“Yes, you are,” Steve says, dumbly.
“Once was definitely enough.”
this? You left me nothing!”
“What?” she snaps.
“My tone is, as ever, sir, precisely how you programmed it to be,” JARVIS replies smoothly.
“Well, you sure as hell lived up to his expectations, didn’t you? Pleased him enough he never shut up about it till the day he died. Hell, maybe his last words were ‘Captain America could drive better than you.’ Wouldn’t surprise me. Though, to be fair, that guy crashed the car five seconds later, so Captain America
“If you don’t want me to come...” Steve begins, but Tony waves a hand and makes indignant noises before he can finish. “I’ve got an apartment. Near my old neighbourhood. It’s strange, but I’m not there a whole lot.”
Thor starts to hum something slow that rumbles sonorously through the couch cushions and into Tony’s skull.
“And there were two,” he says, rubbing his knee.
“Right.” Tony nods and, lifting up his hands, tug the blueprints apart again, flinging layers of technology away. Steve automatically dodges as bits of it fly past his face at a wave of Tony’s hands, and when he lifts his head again Tony is smirking at him and all that’s left of the Hulk’s ear piece is a simple framework of springs hanging in the air.
“And anyway,” Tony says. He presses something on the underside of the worktop and a panel in the surface rotates over, without a sound, revealing a console. “It’s Steve’s present, and he’s brought enough for the whole class.”
She leans forwards, one hand on his knee and the other braced on the edge of the coffee table, and she kisses him lightly. Steve watches Tony’s free hand rise up to cup her face. She pulls away and climbs to her feet.
Steve squeezes his eyes shut. When he opens them again he can still see the after-images of the bright light floating in his vision, overlaid on Tony’s panicked face as he stumbles into the clearing. Tony turns around, squinting at the fallen soldier and then Billy and Teddy before his gaze lands on Steve at last.
Bruce just shakes his head and smiles, pressing the down button.
“I can’t believe
and gives it a sniff. “And this is...?”
“Sweet talker. Just for that, I’m giving you the first hands-free device. And a doughnut.”
,” Tony says. “Widow will get some special attention because she’s got mysterious feminine wiles. All you and Barton need to do is sit and look pretty and it’ll be a cakewalk.”
Tony pats Ms Potts on the head, and then pats Steve on the head, ruffling his hair, and then – Steve cranes his neck to watch – reaches out a hand half-heartedly towards Natasha. She smiles widely up at him.
“Who, me?” Tony looks around the room exaggeratedly, and then points at himself. Steve nods. “Never better, Cap. Fine and dandy. Peachy and keen.”
“This is my first time back in the city since everything that happened, so I thought I’d say hi.” Steve shrugs. Keeping half an eye on Tony, he finishes the rest of his drink in one long, slow gulp. “Hi, Tony.”
Well, do them even more this time.”
Steve crouches down next to the bed. It brings his eyes level with Tony’s face and up this close he can see a smudge of motor oil under Tony’s ear and another on the inside of his wrist. He can see a streak of ink along Tony’s jaw, as if he were tapping his chin with a pen and his hand slipped. Steve can picture it and can imagine Tony’s cursing; he smirks to himself.
“What?”
He turns on the camera and shoves his cell phone at Steve; Steve catches on quickly, holding it up at neck height so Tony can straighten his tie on camera.
“A little further to the left,” the other Tony says without looking up from his soldering. “Trust me.”
“I’ve reassessed my opinion,” she repeats. “May I-?”
He heaves himself upright again, red-faced and panting. He coughs and wheezes, but when Tony shoots him a questioning look, he grins.
“Sorry, I’m... I don’t know why I’m so nervous.”
Tony sighs, lowering the tape measure. His hands rest lightly on Steve’s wrist.
“Well, that’ll take five hours,” Tony murmurs to Steve.
, Cap,” Tony says. “That’s creepy and wrong.”
“Well, look what the catfish dragged in,” exclaims an unfamiliar voice as soon as the elevator door opens. There’s a log fire burning, and Steve has to close his eyes for a second as he steps into the penthouse, has to just stop and breathe it in. When he opens his eyes again, there’s a pretty woman with reddish hair walking towards him, hand outstretched. She’s wearing a dress clearly designed for business, but on her feet are fluffy red slippers.
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you.”
“Well, Stark?” Fury says. “Is this a mutiny?”
The chorus girls dance and sing, and Howard Stark lifts up his goggles to address the crowd, and Steve goes cold again. Despite what Tony told him -
Then he stops smiling. There’s a flicker of movement at the bottom of the camera and a flash of metal. A dark shape creeping forwards. A gun.
“I’m always cheerful,” Tony says.
And now I’m so busy, and you’re so busy, and lately when we actually,
“Yeah, you like that, baby?” he says to Rhodey, dropping his hands and taking hold of his cell again, while Barton sniggers from the couch. “I’ll tell him about all your big, shiny, patriotic medals.”
wanna find out,” Tony adds, taking a step back and watching, head tilted to one side, while Steve slowly tugs the strap over his head and pulls the goggles into position over his eyes. “Come on, it’s Captain America and Iron Man, what’s the worst that could happen?”
“Sorry,” he thinks he hears Tony say, but when he lifts his head back up and squints again into the light, Tony is long gone and Bucky is kneeling on the mattress next to him.
“It’s okay, don’t sweat it, my first suggestion was a kick in the balls.”
“Like a timebomb.”
Sighing, he adds, “Any luck with those star coordinates?”
engineer, but he’s got a whole fleet of great engineers. One or two of them might even be better than me. And they all clubbed together – or were held at gunpoint together, I don’t know – and built a really clever computer.”
appreciates it.” Tony rubs a hand over the magnet. “I have a suit of armour I wear for... my work, but I can’t wear it all the time. A, it’s bulky and b, you wear armour all day and people start to question your sanity. So sometimes I just gotta go naked.”
?” he snarls. He twists away from Steve and ducks down to fiddle with the repulsor disc still lodged into his palm, breathing heavily as he twists it first one way and then the other with shaky fingers. “Fuck!”
“This
Steve pauses. Someone swears at him and he steps neatly into the entrance of a back alley, out of the way. He leans against the wall.
Et cetera.”
“That was some catch, big guy. Thanks.”
“Next Thursday,” the other Tony says, levering himself up with the edge of a desk. He pulls open one of the bottom drawers and digs out a spare pair of jeans and a holey t-shirt. “Watch out for the screwdriver on the floor.”
She waves goodbye to the rest of the team. Bruce waves back and Barton tosses her a pretzel, which she catches one-handed as she walks by, her heels clacking imperiously against the tiled floor. The sound of her departure reverberates down the corridor long after she’s left the room.
She tilts her head towards him, smiling with one corner of her mouth. Looking at him out of the corner of one eye, she says,
“Even bigger.”
Steve stares down at it. He tugs the paper out of Tony’s hands and lifts it up to his face. The drawing has definitely got four wheels, but that’s about all he can say for certain.
“No,” the other Tony murmurs. “Not by next Thursday, anyway.”
“I’m finding your advice particularly sage today,” Bruce murmurs from the sidelines, but Tony’s eyes barely skate towards him before they’re snapping back to Steve.
Ignoring him, ignoring Tony’s sniggers and the low, constant rumble of the Hulk’s growl, Steve focuses on the communicator in the Hulk’s hands.
“The station’s not far,” he says. “It’s a nice day. We can walk. First things first, ma’am, sir? Are you folks from the bank?”
“Bingo,” he mutters around the fabric between his teeth.
“I’ll salvage what I can,” Tony says eventually, quietly. “Then we move.”
“I’m sure,” Tony says. “Certain. Completely, one hundred per cent. It felt like – like the other one.”
None of it seems important enough to save – this Tony hasn’t run a company and a superhero team in a long time. After riffling through the sheath of papers, Steve sets it aside and picks through the rest of the rubbish until he finds a small screwdriver. It’s the same one Tony stuck into his arm only a week ago. The screw head is probably too small, Steve thinks, but he could make it work if there’s nothing else. He sets it carefully on the heavily scratched surface of the workstation. Fresh, new scratches. Osborne’s men destroyed everything they could touch.
“They held me underwater,” Tony says, his teeth chattering. “I went home.”
“I rarely see eye to eye with our esteemed captors, but in this instance I think I can understand their reaction.”
“Close enough.”
Tony is not a tall man, but he’s still taller than Steve, so Steve has to reach up a hand, has to close his fingers on the back of Tony’s neck and pull him down to Steve’s level. He kisses him quickly, sharply. His lips are dry, his hand is shaking. He feels Tony’s fingers brush against his jaw.
“Okay, that didn’t come out right. That – was a joke. Funny ha-ha, remember? No? No, I guess not. In-joke.  Pepper and Rhodey would be rolling in the aisles right now. It was funny in my head.”
“Great. Let’s call it a night.”
“One of these days,” Steve says mildly, “I’m going to lose my rag with you all.”
easy.”
Tony moves again, reaching out a hand. He touches Steve on the shoulder. He clears his throat.
Steve grins, Tony can see it, that flash of white teeth at the corner of his vision. He can see Steve turn, slightly, to look at Tony.
“Sofia,” he says, hand on his heart. “You stick with the team, I’ll send Cap to the kid’s birthday party.”
In great trepidation, because who knows what kind of security a guy like Tony Stark has in place, Steve presses his palm against the wall in front of him. Blue light ripples out in cobwebbing lines from under his hand, quickly forming the shape of a number pad.
“Bastards,” Steve murmurs, and he startles at the sound of his own voice, the first he’s heard since he and Tony went their separate ways in the cave. In the distance, he can see Tony moving about agitatedly, collecting odds and ends that are undoubtedly more important than Steve can ever understand. Without him close by, the place seems too dead, too silent for speech.
“No, I – you’re the most futuristic person I’ve ever seen, but back home I thought the twenty-first century would have robots like people. Flying cars, monorails, space colonies. Everyone living in glass domes and wearing space suits.”
Steve is the one to pull away, taking a quick step back and looking around. He lowers his hand in one moment, then lifts it back up again in the next, to comb his fingers shakily through his hair. Tony is staring at him, frozen where Steve left him, with his mouth open and his shirt so rumpled.
Tony points a finger at him. “That’s what I said. Repeatedly. You’d think you wouldn’t be able to set a mailbox on fire in this weather, but this guy proved everyone wrong. He’d deserve a Nobel prize if he wasn’t such an idiot.”
Steve hesitates, before he says, “I think you only came from this moment one more time.”
Steve grins, thumbing the ground floor button. The little beeping noise and the rustle the door makes as it slides shut is exactly the same as the ones he knows. “I lived here until a couple years ago. You – or, he, I guess. He let me move in after I came up out of the ice with nowhere to go. It became the Avengers HQ and a superhero hotel all rolled into one, in the end. Avengers Mansion.”
“No idea.”
Steve lets out his breath. Tony’s arm is warm – and deceptively muscular, but Steve’s hand can still wrap practically all the way around it, and this close Tony has to tilt his head back to look up at him, eyes hooded, gaze unreadable. When Steve lets go and takes a step back, Tony steps forward, filling the space Steve puts between them. There is an intensity to his gaze that Steve can’t decipher.
