“Nice try. I spoke with Bobby.”
“You got all the leftovers you wanted, right?” Mary confirmed as Dean threw an arm around his own brother’s neck.
Dean was officially born on January 24
“I don’t understand.”
All he felt was complete relief.
Fingers still stroking his mate's hair, Castiel's gaze drifted up to the other bed. To Sam. Whose face was no less worn. Sometimes Castiel wondered if it wasn't worse, dealing with the additional stress of school on top of the job. It occured to him that perhaps Gabriel would be good for the lanky Alpha. Jess had been, before they'd parted ways. Someone to be there, someone who wouldn't run the other way when they found out about what went bump in the night, someone to ground him. Okay so perhaps Sam would be doing the grounding in that relationship, but still.
"What about money? If you go I won't support you," John warned.
looking forward to the report he’d have to make. At least his injuries would be testament enough to his side of the story.
“Wait, you’re the guy who snagged Sammy?”
“What’d you think?” Dean was asking stiffly.
Sam gave Dean an incredulous look. Dean let his forehead thunk onto the floor with a quiet groan. It was going to be a very long day.
"Flamethrower."
"No. That's for me to do. After that you can talk all you want
“Then why can I see ‘em?”
Castiel hesitated, then fumbled for his pants. “I have time to eat and still return within the expected window. But any longer and they will start to wonder if something’s wrong. Any sort of suspicion will be bad. I won’t allow for it.”
“I’d rather avoid that, but…you’re right.”
“Might as well,” Dean sighed, turning off the radio. “Seriously, how many ways can you do ‘Frosty the Snowman’?”
Every movement jostled them, but laying down somewhere wasn’t going to be easy, or comfortable. So Dean took another bottle of water, kept the one that was half finished, and began the slow, painful crawl over to his couch. More specifically, the coffee table in front of it. An assortment of papers, pens, food wrappers, a textbook, and a few notebooks were swept unceremoniously to the floor as he dragged himself up onto it, only letting the remotes remain. Once there, he left his water within reach, and tried to find something, anything, to distract himself. Suddenly
“On the contrary, I’m encouraging you to drink,” Castiel corrected. He set two bottles by the Demon, and kept a third for himself as he resumed his seat. He paused, then asked, “What do you mean by ‘the good stuff’?”
Dean was reluctantly turning to face the Beta when his foot caught on the last step. It threw off his balance enough that he stumbled, bags falling from his hands as he tried to stabilize himself. Unfortunately one of the bags hit the foot he'd just put down on a lower step, the one with a jug of laundry detergent. He yelped, grabbing for the rail, only to stare in horror as he toppled backwards, the rail narrowly missing his grasping fingers.
“Literally. I may or may not have hit him over the head with a two-foot-thick hardback textbook.”
“Smoothly.”
Castiel was still trying to pull himself together when Uriel stepped over to him, grabbing him by his coat and hauling him up. When he dragged his head up, the other Angel was smiling. Rage started to burn away what fog remained in his brain.
“That’s part of why we’re here, actually.”
“Yeah, just not for the reasons you think.”
Dean appreciated how many people at least looked at his soulmark, but he did wish so many didn’t say the same thing. Over and over. If he had a dollar for every person who said, “Just wait until you turn twenty-one, it might make more sense then,” he wouldn’t need to pick up shifts at Bobby’s anymore. But that would only work if his soulmate was a non-human. Granted that seemed more and more likely with each human dialect he discarded, but it didn’t mean he shouldn’t stop looking. And what if they were wrong? What if his soulmate was human too? Then what good would waiting have done him?
“What? Look at this,” Castiel urged. He picked up a figure of a raven, wearing a top hat and waistcoat decorated in little pumpkins and skulls. It was a cheap thing, but he thought it was rather cute.
“Yes, Dean.”
"What, no argument?"
“Yes, I filled the cooler. And I stocked the snacks. Are you ready to go?”
“You’re answering them?” Dean protested.
“What were you, anyway?”
Castiel’s eyebrows shot up. “Really?”
“Oh.”
“You ain’t touching me anymore. Got it?”
It wasn't a guarantee outside of a heat, but if you had the energy you could wring multiple orgasms out of a knotting. It was actually quite easy, just very draining. Thus far their standing record was five orgasms before Dean's knot had deflated. But that was locked in their bedroom and they'd both passed out for ten hours afterward.
“Fine.” Turning his attention to Samandriel, Dean said, “Tell ya what? Give me a second to get some layers on and we’ll go make a snowman. Sound good?”
The Omega repositioned his clothes, then dipped to kiss him one last time.
“I’m eleven!”
“Gabriel. He’s in a better position to do something with turncoats, and frankly it’s more trouble than I care to deal with.”
Castiel had put off breeding longer than most of his kind, for decades really. Then when he'd finally given in he found he adored children, and when Balthazar got through the terrible three's he'd yearned for another. Admittedly it was a bit easier, since he could leave his younglings with Gabriel while he left for his heats. His brother delighted in rejecting normalcies, and was among the few who hadn't batted an eye when he'd chosen to spend a third heat with an Alpha. While Gabriel had no intention of producing children himself in the near future, his niece and nephews loved Uncle Gabby.
"I am," the Omega said simply. "I have no intention of hiding things from you, should you decide not to send me away."
“Thank you, brother.” Castiel inclined his head solemnly, relieved. He’d been sure Gabriel would help, but nothing was certain. As it was, he knew only it being so out of character and the simple fact Gabriel could squash him like an insect if need be had led the Archangel do come out here like he’d asked. Most wouldn’t have, just on principle.
“Yes.”
“What the hell?” Dean muttered.
He picked up the flat basket with the weed’s he’d wrestled from the ground, moving it onto the grass and rocking himself upright. The Omega huffed, carrying it over to the refuse pile. He heard more than one set of footsteps, but he didn’t turn until he’d dumped the weeds. When he did he froze, stiffening for all he tried to appear at ease.
He reached out, taking the Alpha's right hand in his own and leading him into the trees. Dean let him, which was a pleasant surprise in itself. The Slayer hadn't even knocked off his flower crown. The more time Castiel spent in is presence the more he liked him. His scent was as appealing as his appearance, lavender and clean clothes and leather mixed with whisky and Alpha musk. Better still, Dean struck him as a very capable Slayer. Perhaps one who wouldn't mind mating an Omega who was a dragon. There was certainly potential.
“I know. Believe me, I know.”
Castiel considered that, then decided, “Yakitori.”
With Anna’s words in mind, Dean studied his mate as he hobbled towards the curb where Castiel had pulled up with the Impala. The Alpha was getting out, coming around to open his door and help him into the passenger seat, taking his crutch and tossing it into the backseat. He couldn’t really put his finger on it, but…something was off. How had he not noticed this sooner?
How dare you? How did you get here?”
“But…hey, where’re you going?”
“Cold turkey?”
“Don’t really care right now, man.”
Once outside, he had to admit he was impressed with what Gabriel had done to his wards. A few extra marks had boosted them, allowing them to hold more power, which was then poured into them. He’d even reinforced the Devil’s Trap, one Castiel sensed even Lucifer himself would have a problem with. As an added bonus, if he hadn’t known where to come he never would have found this place. The shielding that camouflaged it made the entire property blend in seamlessly until he was setting foot on the porch. But then he’d expected nothing less of an Archangel.
Raphael and Michael were something else. Castiel wasn’t sure what had caused it, but neither liked Dean, or Sam for that matter. Lucifer wasn’t Dean’s biggest fan either, but he seemed to take a special delight in poking at the younger Winchester. Aside from Gabriel, he was the most tolerant of them.
“Yes. Be happy that’s all I’m doing.”
“Yeah you do. At every freaken’ opportunity. Plus you own every single “Let’s taco ‘bout it” and “Oh Whale” t-shirt ever made.”
"Since when is that reason to get in the middle?"
They barely had time to stiffen before Sam was asking, "If you're making a run tonight does that mean Bobby can get dinner on the way in? I can call him and- seriously?! At least get a room, guys, come on!"
It was a realization Castiel nearly had sucked out through his cock. Dean had been sucking through most of this when his mouth was on his dick, but all of a sudden he
Castiel turned away from the sink, drying his hands. “What does it matter? Most humans don’t actually believe in our existence. Those who do are regarded as foolish. Besides, when it does matter there’s little point to such abilities. They cancel each other out.” In an afterthought, he added, “I would appreciate it if you wouldn’t try to use them now. You’re not that far along yet.”
"Remind me to kill her when we get back," the Alpha stated, gingerly folding him into the Impala's passenger seat.
Dean eyed the angel for a long moment, looking him up and down. Better lighting affirmed his eyes really were blue, and they rarely left him. It was a little off-putting, being stared at so intently, but they were…guileless. More importantly, every question Dean had was given a prompt, genuine answer.
Castiel's eyes widened as he screamed, teeth sinking into the soft junction between neck and shoulder. Not from pain, only surprise and delight. The oddly euphoric sensation pushed him over the edge, and he screamed again as an orgasm just as intense as the first crashed over him. Dean snarled, teeth still in his flesh, and Castiel felt his knot swell. With one last thrust it was buried inside him, his knot growing to lock them together as the Alpha came deep inside him. His body shuddered and convulsed, held in check only by his Alpha.
After happily inhaling the Alpha's cooking they spent hours sitting at the kitchen table, nursing drinks and simply talking. Dean wouldn't let him touch the beer, and had apparently started keeping an array of sodas for such occasions. Castiel was both touched and pleased to get to try such an assortment of the carbonated drinks. Particularly over good conversation. This time they discussed, debated, argued, agreed, exchanged tales...it was diverse, yet incredibly easy. The human was decades younger than him, different in so many facets, but they got along so well. Castiel was simultaneously fascinated and delighted.
They had more than one pair of arms, though. He counted six, three on each side, with double joined elbows and things on each end that could have been hands. Hands with pointed, gouging fingers attached. Those were interesting for about a minute, until Dean noticed what was behind them. He couldn’t make out anything, and at first he thought it was just because it was dark. Then he realized he wasn’t looking at shadows, or even the night’s sky. He was looking at wings. Broad, black expanses glittering in their own light, looking like so many windows into the cosmos. The more he looked, the more Dean could swear he saw constellations.
“Awesome.”
"And the pups?"
“Finally, a good reason to have the cursed thing,” Castiel grumbled. He did splurge, on occasion, but generally he avoided extravagance. It just seemed so wasteful. Not to mention it was trouble, having people come by constantly to maintain it. If he used his credits more often he might have offloaded it by now.
Dean rolled his eyes, turning to look out his window. In his opinion it was just his brother geeking out, but Sam was proud of it. He had teased them for a while, but then he'd come back to the motel one day to find his Omega and his brother sitting on one of their beds, heads bent over the list and Sam's laptop. Castiel was something of a bookworm himself, retreating into various fictional words over the years as a coping mechanism for severe loneliness. Dean had had to use a proverbial crowbar to get Castiel out of his shell on more than one occasion, but it seemed to be something for him and Sam to bond over.
Castiel could only shrug, dragging himself to his feet and stumbling a step.
Castiel was starting to doze again, chin propped in one hand, when Dean set two large plates on the table. Each had three hamburgers with bacon. Nose twitching, Castiel straightened and picked one up. He was very aware of Dean sitting across from him, watching.
“He’s an Archangel.”
“Not if you’re me.”
“Yeah, well, you’re the one who told me they suspended a kid for missing too much school. They rewarded him for not coming to school with not making him come to school. Seriously, how does that make sense?”
“It doesn’t get better when you grow up?”
"So you just decided to handle it yourselves?" Sam asked, no more pleased than his brother.
“Yes. Luck. Mistakes are normal, but for those like us mistakes can be fatal. There must be some luck involved.”
"If they're killing folks I don't make a habit of walking away."
What traces of amusement he felt vanished as he saw Hannah start to approach from Dean’s left, two more doing the same from other sides. Each were armed, each were raising their blades. Dean noticed, he couldn’t not, but he didn’t raise his own weapon.
Dean made a face. “It’s ass-backwards, though. I mean come on, you’re the one with this super-strict Catholic family. Stereotypically speaking your family should have been the one with a problem with your being gay.”
"You got a bed around here?" he rasped when he lifted his head.
“Alright, that’s all for this year. Cas and me are in route home after the last of our obligatory family time, then we’re gonna get some much needed R&R. You wouldn’t believe how much work he put into getting everything graded before winter break. He even had the big tests right before so no one would have to study over the holidays. Ain’t he awesome?”
wanted to stay, but he also wanted to enjoy his time with Dean without distraction. There might still be some, their track record wasn’t spectacular as of late, but he could try.
“You don’t want me to move around, remember? I’m thirsty. How can you eat a whole damn pizza without drinking?”
“Yep.” Grinning, the Alpha pulled out one of the chairs for her and brought over a plate of the crispy strips. More were in a pan of hissing oil. “Help yourself.”
Castiel opted to simply take the plunge. "It wasn't a black dog. It was a wendigo."
“You’ve really never done this before, have you?”
Someone, he assumed one of the dicks who’d drugged him, had tied him to an unfinished wooden chair. White nylon rope bound his wrists to the chair’s arms, more was binding his calves to the front legs. This was bad enough, but markings were painted onto the chair itself. He was no witch, Sam had always showed more interest in that stuff than him, but he’d taken the time to study symbols they used, just in case. One of countless dead ends, but he was fairly certain he recognized these. They all seemed to be centered on containment, securing, restraining.
When they were a mere ten feet away, this person wrapped their wings forward, curling them around to encompass both them and Dean in a dome of starry black feathers. Dean was faintly aware he was still gaping like a brainless idiot, but he also wasn’t sure he could move. Especially when one of those glowing hands was reaching out towards him.
“They don’t know that,” the taller man argued, waving at the camera.
“Not what I meant,” Dean sighed.
The resulting squeals made Castiel wince, the cumulation of so many high-pitched sounds acutely painful.
Later, Castiel would gladly blame his temper on his reaction. He could count on one hand the number of Angels who were aware of his human life, that he’d told things he considered personal details. Yet here he was, erupting like a volcano of words. “I was
His manager chose that moment to come behind the counter, giving him a somewhat exasperated look. "Yes, you can. You're no good to me if you're dead on your feet. I think we can manage a few hours without you."
"Four years ago, I think." Castiel lowered the mask, carefully placing it back in the trunk. There was obviously more in it, but the Omega didn't take anything else out. As he took back the bells he continued, "I spent more time there than I intended, travel during the rainy season is virtually impossible whether you go by ground or by air. It's still beautiful, if you can handle the heat. You should see their jungles, if you don't mind the dangers."
A weak “Oh”, was all he could manage. Ranking up was well enough, but he’d preferred to enjoy the benefits of anonymity. Credit where credit was due, doing his part, a very non-troublesome cog in a greater machine. It was simpler, safer, this way.
To say he’d never thought he’d allow an Alpha to come near his home immediately after he’d given birth was an understatement. If you had told him a year ago he would allow two Alphas to live in the same building as him and all four of his pups, he would have found it funny. Dean was the obvious exception. Sam, while it took a little getting used to, was a surprisingly apt caregiver. Within a fortnight of her birth Claire was regularly trusted to his hands. Generally he helped with the older younglings, cooked, even cleaned, but was happy to accept any duties pertaining to Claire once the all clear was given. More than once Castiel passed him a bottle of milk before trudging to the nearest bed so he could collapse for as long as the infant would allow.
“My soulmate ain’t bigfoot, I’d be a hell of a lot hairier.”
“They’re called interstates.” Half turning, trying not to obviously keep himself between the two Alphas, he said, “There’s someone I want you to meet. Dad, Gadreel. ‘Dreel, this is my father.”
“My mother. Naomi is a seraph, like myself. She’s also a general, and in charge of the angels like Metatron who would rather keep us a safe distance from humans.”
“You’re not in this alone, you have people who care about you.”
“Now?” Dean repeated, following him back to the bedroom as he fumbled to grab his clothes, yanking them on. “Can’t you eat first?”
He didn’t answer right away, going back to his work. As he stirred in the mix of thick fluids Castiel thought aloud.
“Uh, you gonna tell me what that is?” Dean asked, raising his voice to be heard over pounding and rattling.
Hazel blinked. She looked from one to the other, then down at Papa’s stomach. She couldn’t see it through the table, but last she’d seen it was still flat. “I thought people got fat before they had a pup. You’re not fat.”
Setting his jaw, Dean kept one wing in his peripheral and tried to turn all his attention onto them. When Sam first turned the warm water onto feathers, a pained wheeze forced itself from Dean’s mouth. His hands went white knuckled, spots dancing in his eyes, but he otherwise didn’t budge. Instead he stared through watering eyes as his brother moved the showerhead back and forth in even strokes, along the primary bone that ran along the top of his new appendage. Water gone solid red with blood sluiced off feathers, the plumage beneath getting soaked through in short order.
“No. I’m late because I’m taking extra precautions.”
"You know him?" Asa asked, eyebrows raised.
“Are you sure about this?”
“Though so.”
“Think Tessa's in her office?” Dean muttered, hugging him back.
That temper had dampened a little by that point though. Castiel understood the disillusioning, realizing their father was just as human as they were. It shook them more than it had him. They were actually quiet for a long minute afterwards.
Castiel turned, going back to the door. He was reaching to open it when he heard two grumped syllables. The Angel paused briefly, but then decided it would be best for their working relations that he act as though he hadn’t heard. Still, he appreciated the gesture. Not to mention the simple fact Castiel had never heard a Demon say “thank you” before.
Dean looked up, meeting Charlie’s impish smile. By now they were sitting around her living room, pizza boxes open on her coffee table, Gilda delicately nibbling on a vegetarian slice while the rest of them crammed meat lovers into their mouths. There was always a sort of rush after a successful heist, but for Dean there was something else. Something more.
“That’s the easiest one.”
That wasn’t to say all the weirdness was of the negative variety. His luck with red lights improved considerably, though after three days he did start to wonder if anyone besides him seemed to notice he never had to stop at a single one anymore. Whenever he got a bruise or papercut it always mysteriously vanished within seconds. As he got better control of his wings, he could make them do things without them becoming visible, be it holding still or spreading over his head to act as a sort of sunshade. Flying wasn’t something he was prepared to try yet, not that he was sure where he’d do it. His friends and family knew about them, but otherwise everyone else was blissfully ignorant of his recent changes. For now, that just seemed easier.
Sam’s brows shot up.
"It never occurred to you, did it?" Gabriel asked, genuinely surprised. “To exclude them.”
“Curiosity is a fault of mine. I’d also like to extract something useful before you expire.”
“Clear,” he muttered at last, skirting the yard and trotting into the tree line.
“He can speak for himself.”
The dragon was starting to doze when the door creaked open, but he only cracked an eye when he heard the bolt lightly click into place. He rolled over, smiling up at Dean. “You’re sure we won’t be interrupted this time?”
“How about this?” Dean turned to a hanging snake next. “It looks about right.”
At this point he was dearly hoping Dean’s odd behavior had been tied to his injury. He’d been cleared as fully repaired today, he’d even done his three circuits before coming here. Hopefully Dean would be back to normal, especially after the most recent incident. Yesterday the Demon had invited him to play poker with the worn deck of cards he’d unearthed a week or so ago. This wasn’t the first time, but it was the first time he suggested they play something called strip poker. They hadn’t gotten very far, first because Dean complained taking off one shoe didn’t really count, then because Castiel accused him of intentionally losing.
Even though each word was bitten out, and the polite addition was added on like a curse, Castiel had to admit he appreciated the obvious attempt. And he did want Dean to minimize his movement until he was better healed. So he stood, going over to the counter where he’d left the batch of water bottles. “Very well. But water, not whisky.”
As he folded his arms, huffing, the Angel decided his new mate might need a little motivation.
She was outright grinning now, which almost worried him enough to make him stop chewing. “You don’t remember, do you?”
The Angel gasped when they parted, asking, “Little Cas?”
“Normally I do. But he was wounded, I thought I’d get some information before he expired. That led to my discovering he was more valuable alive than dead.” He opened the can of soup, putting it into a pot and turning on the stove to heat it. “Would you have done different?”
"Why didn't he tell me?" Dean asked, dazed. He was still trying to wrap his head around the fact that Castiel had been pregnant. They might have an active sex life, but they were careful. He made sure his mate always had a good supply of birth control and heat suppressants, no doubt the pills John had been referring to. They kept plenty of condoms on hand too, taking every precaution. How had he still managed to get pregnant?
The Angel inclined his head, turning back to the door, list in hand.
"Naptime's over! You've got Carnegie on line one asking about another part replacement, McAlester's on line two again demanding we hurry the hell up. And you know old Gertrude won't believe her clunker's safe without your say-so."
“That ain’t funny. That’s messed up.”
"Still worth a shot, Angel," his mate rasped. It was soon followed by a growl that mirrored Castiel's wail as they hit a third climax.
He knew things weren’t conventional, not that there was much conventionality when you had a non-human soulmate. The first outing that he might call a ‘date’ had started with Castiel shoving him off the top of the Empire State building, helping him learn how to fly after weeks of convincing. He actually got used to having wings of cosmos curl around him, to the point he felt the absence when they weren’t there, something that took him by surprise to say the least. Having someone do little things for him, just because, took even longer to get used to. Getting coffee brewing in the morning, miracling Baby’s tank so it was full of gas, making sure he had a jacket if it was going to be cold that day. Considering he was supposed to be a powerful seraph, a decorated commander, Castiel had a very wide mother hen streak. Something that only clicked after a particularly rough exam when Dean came home to the angel gingerly taking an apple pie from the oven, no less than five brutally failed attempts scattered around the mess his kitchen had become. Castiel had never made a pie in his life, could barely manage frozen pizzas at that point, but he’d decided to try because he knew Dean was having a rough week and wanted to cheer him up.
“Neither do I.” He scrubbed his face wearily, trudging over to the couch and sinking onto the cushion’s edge. “Look, why don’t you go home? It’s getting late, and I’m beat. If we haven’t found anything yet, I don’t think we’re going to.”
As they took off, racing to beat each other to the sink, Dean grinned. He snaked his free arm around the Omega's waist and planted a kiss on his lips, ignoring Henry's protests of "Eww!". They both ignored this, taking their time.
Bloody lips twitched. “All you ass-clowns look alike to me. Which one are you?”
“Do you wish I had?”
“Yes, but when at all possible Friday’s were designated date days. Saturday, if something came up.”
“Seven,” Dean corrected. Looking down at her, he nudged Charlie gently and asked, “See the tall guy? That’s Sam. Wanna say hi?”
“Okay, first question,” he announced as they got back on the trail, camera aimed at Castiel. “’Who’s more likely to be running late?’”
“If you thought I was pious, why did you ask me out?”
“Don’t know, don’t care. Lets circle back to Marv. What’d you say his name was again?”
Castiel held his ground, drifting at eye level, waiting. When he got no response the Alpha paced back and forth along the tree line, then marched back to his car. He slammed the hood, then headed straight into the fog-filled forest. A bit surprised by his boldness, but not displeased, Castiel waited until he was closer to move away. In the past such things were expected, but these days even Alphas tended to be a little more cautious.
The Omega tilted his head.
“You benefited from their advice too,” Castiel pointed out.
A blush climbed Dean’s face. “I do not.”
"Every damn time."
“I wouldn’t call it that.”
They were in it now. He could feel it. At last. Then, right before they were sucked through, the broiling mess of anger and desperation morphed into despair. Right then Benny knew Dean’s angel hadn’t made it. Something confirmed when, after what seemed like an eternity, he found himself being poured back into his old body. It was almost odder on the flip side, being rebuilt. The moment he opened his eyes the first thing Benny did was scramble out of his grave, putting some distance between him and it before taking a look around.
Dean nodded franticly. “Yeah, Jimmy, anything, please.”
“Hopefully,” he echoed, frowning slightly. “Don’t pay us too much attention. The last thing I need is curious Angels poking around here. The bounty on him is too high to take that risk.”
Fresh energy drained, Castiel collapsed into a chair and watched the Demon go to work. Yawning, he asked, “What are you making?”
“When? Would ‘a thought it’d take days to get you trained.”
The people in the pictures, he'd found, were mostly Dean's adoptive family. His biological mother had died in a house fire when he was four, his little Alpha brother six months old. Losing a mate was never easy, and their father had slowly descended deeper into alcoholism, which led to neglect and abuse. Dean had had to grow up far too fast, in Castiel's opinion, for all he'd been highly reluctant to admit to much of it. Castiel had a feeling the only reason he'd even glanced over it was because he'd given so much himself without restraint.
He could actually see the blood leave Dean's face. "So every time you have a kid...”
Dean groaned softly, but bent to kiss him rather than try pulling away. “Fine. I’m just glad we got done so fast. You didn’t take enough breaks.”
“Because of that.” Azazel pointed at Dean’s arm.
Dean grunted, folding his arms, wings bristling at his back. “You still don’t look so good. Your grace looks more bruised than you do.”
“He still blames me for that too. Like it’s my fault they double booked.”
When the Alpha turned his attention to Castiel’s neck, licking and sucking along its length, groaning softly. “Can’t wait to mark you, Cas.”
The very second Dean stepped outside, he was promptly mobbed. Castiel stood back, watching as his husband laughed and handled the two balls of raw sugar-fueled energy. He watched, considering it something of a minor miracle that he got them to stand up against the house and stay mostly still long enough to say their peace. He even played it back so they could see it after and give their approval. Ruby went first, then Alfie, the latter decidedly more shy once Dean said, “Action!”
"Awesome. See you in a few hours."
“Hurry it up, the guard ‘ll be making his rounds soon, brother.”
“Real romantic, Cas, thanks,” Dean deadpanned.
Smiling fondly Castiel added, “Somehow there were fewer complaints from the bowling alley.”
The Omega whimpered, pleaded, moaned, whined, but Dean stayed the course. It took some doing, but Castiel had no idea if he was pleased or dismayed when he did indeed cum like that. His cock untouched, his Alpha using only his tongue and two digits on him.
“Mention it.”
Castiel blinked at him owlishly. “Why would I?”
“Because you burn whatever you regain on escaping,” Castiel snapped, then sighed. “Please return to the cabin, Dean.” He used a light wave of heated grace to dry himself off, then bent to pick up his pants. “There’s too many people out looking for you right now.”
“We need to fix that.”
“Then what?”
“It’s here. They promised.”
“No.” He still felt stunned, but he was hardly upset. Slowly, a wide smile began to crawl up his face. One he had no control over whatsoever.
“You say that like it’s a bad thing.”
"When were you in Afri?"
“I can bathe.”
“Castiel.”
Even then, spells that killed were considered last-resort options, only to be used if the situation demanded it. With the exception of killing the Alphas you bred with, this usually just entailed self-defense, or those who got too close to their secrets. Castiel posed no direct threat, he’d already displayed his intentions to leave quietly with his younglings. He would not break their trust, he would not seek vengeance, he gave them no cause to consider execution. No one had mentioned it, even the traditional sticklers. Naomi had overstepped.
“First tell me if I’m wasting my breath. Do you know him or just know
Castiel sighed as he did the same.
"Salt and burn the bones."
Dean bristled, rising to his feet, eyes flaring. He leaned forward, bracing his hands on the table’s surface. “You will treat my mate with respect,” he warned, tone hard. Right then his voice, his very air was one Alpha daring another to challenge him. “And I think this matter is as resolved as it’s gonna be. Don’t worry, we’ll be out of what hair you have left within an hour.”
“What?”
He hung up, returning the phone to his pocket.
“Just give me a little longer, alright? You’re…you’re awesome.”
The first of which was the angel’s name. Castiel. That was always what Dean addressed her as to monsters, but during his prayers it was always Cas. It certainly sounded like the name of an angel, but when he used the nickname it sounded different. Softer than when they discussed their plans to escape Purgatory. Benny knew that tone. It was the very one he himself had always used when he spoke of his Andrea. Even the gruffest of men became tender when speaking of those they loved, and for Dean it was his angel.
Benny raised his eyebrows at that. It was true, the only thing more juicy to the monsters of Purgatory than a human would be an angel. Just as interesting, it seemed Dean’s infatuation wasn’t completely one-sided.
Castiel shifted his weight a little, so he wouldn’t wobble when he moved his arms behind his back, clasping his own wrists and raising his eyes to the Alpha. He could see the effect this had, as well as feel it. The look on Dean’s face, like he was seeing something that was impossibly arousing, was accompanied by a guttural choking sound.
"We should go," Sam said at last, voice low.
This one only got a few strides away before he stopped short, body tensing as the scent reached him. Without his flames there was only a little moonlight and the dimming flashlight aimed at the ground between them. This was the first time Castiel had bothered taking a good look at the Alpha, who was gaping at him even as his eyes dilated, breath hitching.
“Keep your nose clean, Benny, you hear me?”
Hazel looked at Bela, who’d come up to stand by her mother. “Why is your Mom being rude?”
The Omega's head tilted to one side as he sat up, not liking the sensation of cold cum and slick leaking out of him. This would not do. He had to be properly bred for a pregnancy to take hold.
Dean was a little surprised that he couldn’t see his wings on the tape, but for a moment they became visible, solid. He watched as his own left wing curled forward then snapped back, knocking Benny clear off his feet and sending him flying a solid ten feet before the table and toolchest intercepted him. As soon as the blow was delivered, they vanished again.
“Jimmy
"Answer's still no."
“See? I’m still hearing about it.”
The Omega closed his eyes, hugging him back, letting the familiar scent wash over him. It was different, familial scents, comforting, especially parental scents. No matter how old he got, Dean’s scent always made him feel safe, calm.
Castiel winced sympathetically. Fay were tricky creatures, what with their being in an adjacent dimension. Thankfully he hadn’t had to deal with them much, but while he knew how to deal with this, he couldn’t heal it directly. Something he’d learned the hard way when he’d been tasked with handling Fay fallout in the past.
Castiel worried his lip, then admitted slowly, “My first impression of you was that you were exactly the sort of person I found intolerable. You were cocky, arrogant, brash…the fact that you didn’t exactly make a glowing first or second impression didn’t help. But as you might have noticed, you’ve grown on me.”
“I can’t.”
“Then what?”
“Not exactly. You’re still wounded, your strength is still sapped, but there is no longer a parasitic curse latched onto you. You will live.” Rising to his feet, the Angel added, “Kindly don’t make me regret it.”
As Dean began to stir, though, and he didn’t speak, Castiel began to worry. Not about regretting what they’d done, but that perhaps he’d made a mistake. Normally the Demon was a bit more talkative.
“They’re humorous plays on words,” he defended with a huff. “What’s not to like?”
“Can you kneel?”
“And that ties into question number three. ‘Do you have any say in the videos?’.”
“Then how did you end up in this condition?”
"You know damn well why I'm walking out," Dean growled. "You made me choose between you and Cas. We both know how that's going to play out. Move, dad."
“No, this ain’t your fault, it’s mine.”
Personally, Castiel enjoyed them. Particularly since he’d spent the last few months stationed on a border of hard-won Angel territory, on the Canadian front. A reward, seeing as he’d spent a great deal of time on the front in their battle against Hell. Unlike human wars, it was a constant thing. Ever present, ever pressing, pushing to claim more territory, more humans. That hadn’t changed, they’d simply won themselves a reprieve. Demons needed far more time to respawn than Angels. For them, any soul who entered Heaven who wished it could become part of the heavenly host. They’d start low, often in the warrior class, but if they lived and learned they could move up the ranks. Although he was a Seraph now, Castiel had started out this way too. All but the Archangels had, they had been the first. The strongest, the oldest, the most powerful.
big? They make it fun.”
He twitched when the front door opened, gripping the doorframe he’d opened to let out the younglings. His head snapped up, instincts bristling, but he tried to force them back down again when he saw familiar faces coming out to greet them. Not counting Sam he’d glimpsed them from a few facetime calls, seen them in Dean’s pictures. Bobby. Ellen. Sam. Jo. They were happy to see the Alpha, at least. Samandriel clambered out of the Impala, took one look at the new people, and buried his face in his mother’s leg. Balthazar lingered by the car, weary. Charlie, meanwhile, bounded in Dean’s wake and attached herself to him. Both hands wrapped around one of his as he went to meet his family. He stopped, glancing down at her, then looked up to see they’d stopped.
“Hellhound,” Dean corrected, deadpan.
Clean, and feeling better thanks to the hot water, Castiel pulled on clothes he’d more or less willed clean, lacing up his boots. As leader of his squadron, his quarters were once the office of someone of import. He’d kept the large desk, and put in a cot against the far wall. He sat to write up his reports, which were more lies than truth. At least since he was saying all was quiet, and reviewing reports from his squadron that said the same, it didn’t take long. Meaning he had time to take out a fresh sheet of paper and stare at it for an inappropriately long time before deciding just what sort of message he wanted to send.
"What do you mean?"
He had just realized he was starting to sway in his seat when someone put a hand on his bad shoulder. The Omega shifted, lifting his head a little as someone not his mate sat next to him. Dean lifted his head a little more to peer at them, blinking in an effort to clear his vision. Normally he would squint, but that hurt too much right now. It was a miracle he hadn't gotten glass in his eyes.
Now that he was no longer under her roof they tended to avoid each other, which generally limited the arguments and shouting matches.
“At first I was surprised,” John admitted. “Not sure why, you’d mentioned it on Twitter, but I was.”
Motioning to the cabin, Gabriel mused, “Must be big. That’s some serious warding. And the most complex Devil’s Trap humans ever produced. I didn’t know it was here until I landed.”
“You searched too.”
He smacked her hand away when she reached for the bacon. “You weren’t eating it.”
“Yes, me too. As one of your best friends I’m personally invested. You’re happy, you’re having fun, Dean’s clearly having fun, and those are some of his most popular videos. Second only to the cooking ones. It’s been a while, I’m curious.”
“One. Thank you, mate. May I have another?”
Dean smiled tightly. “I would ‘a done the same, but I’m glad he waited. Last thing I want you doing is fucking up parole for my sake.”
Well, at least he didn’t have to offer a complete lie for this, a concern he’d anticipated. “It has been some time since I’ve enjoyed peace and quiet. What disturbances I’ve encountered are minor, easily handled. I’m indulging while I’m able.”
“Same,” Dean panted, “Why?”
“The hell’d you do?”
In the end Dean felt it coming sooner than he'd thought, but he didn't slow down. He considered drawing it out even more, tormenting his Omega, but discarded the idea. He could do that later, for now he was on a mission. He'd knotted Castiel once before, making the newly deflowered virgin scream in ecstasy as he was filled to bursting. Tonight they intended to take things one step farther.
“Someone has to. No one else is going to ask you to leave, so I am. You’re not welcome here.”
The Omega bobbed his head enthusiastically, bracing a hand on Dean’s chest as the other reached back to grasp his cock. It was already half hard, easy enough to slide in his own very wet and loose hole. Finally, he got Dean right where he wanted him.
Castiel wasn’t sure what shocked him more, Dean’s words or the surge of bitter jealousy climbing up his throat. He’d felt it a few times, not often but enough to know what it was. But never had it burned hot in his chest, climbing up his throat like bile. What was there to be jealous of?
“’Who has the best fashion sense?’ I think that’s me.”
“You were…tolerable.”
The man outright snorted at that. "Yeah, right. If you were that easy to push around Dean wouldn't have mated you. I'm not asking for you to set anything up, I'm asking for you to hear me out."
“Perhaps. Though I feel I should get a better handle on the basics before I…explore.”
Castiel rolled his eyes, the obligingly explained to the camera. “I suppose sweet potato pies are still in season, but he does make a Christmas pie. What he does is he makes a cherry pie, but when he’s making the dough he mixes in green food coloring. Once you add whipped cream on top, you have the three traditional colors. He calls it a Christmas pie. And I can’t believe you’re picking a cherry pie.”
“You put a lot of thought and care into it for me. Not to mention you didn’t sleep much that night.” He reached over, taking the hand that wasn’t on Baby’s wheel, lacing their fingers together. “It meant a lot to me.”
"Can you get me inside first? I don't want to hear her start shrieking again."
Slogging out of the water, Dean whined, “You’re gonna seal me up again, aren’t you?”
“Embarrassingly?”
Dean took a step back, picking up the gun. He tested its weight, pulled back the slide to check the chamber, then checked the clip. There was one in the chamber, plus the fully loaded clip. Every single bullet was fashioned of a melted blade. Castiel knew all too well that many of his own people would want him drawn and quartered for voluntarily putting such a weapon in the hands of a Knight of Hell, but he also knew firearms were Dean’s most proficient weapon. It would also be unexpected, smaller and easier to hide than a blade.
Dean smirked, then pulled out of his grip, stepping back over to the stove. He gave his pot a stir, then asked, “Has Ishim talked to you?”
“Battle?” Sam repeated, face creasing worriedly.
One by one, each of his squadron diverted their gaze, lowering their weapons. They didn’t relax, but they weren’t going to disobey him. Even if they didn’t agree with him.
"They remain pointed so long as we retain our immortality," Castiel confirmed.
Castiel considered this for a moment. “Have you looked at the classes the community center has? There’s a good variety.”
“It’s a long-ass story,” Dean interjected. “Who are you texting?”
Castiel took a moment to digest that, then decided, “It sounds as though you’ve paid your penance, and gotten your revenge.”
The Demon absently fiddled with the belt, something Castiel often did himself. “It’s cool.”
"Did you apply to anywhere else?"
"Never had someone wanna be selfish with me before," Dean commented, a roguish smile on his lips.
The Omega eventually set his device aside, not bothering to put up a pretense for people who were sleeping the slumber of the exhausted. He reached down instead, running fingers gently through short-cut hair. Dean didn't stir. It was funny, what woke him and what didn't. Poke and prod and stroke and the Alpha might roll over. Try to sneak in or bring food within sniffing distance and he was wide awake.
It was the same question the human had demanded of every other monster he’d interrogated. Werewolves, wraiths, ghouls, other vampires, even a few leviathans. He asked them all the same question the same way, with the ferocity of a dozen monsters. Perhaps it was the tone, or the look in his eyes. Dean might be human, but he was easily one of the fiercest beings in this place. One of the perks of partnering with him. While he had come to like him, Benny had also come to see this side trip as a means to an end. He helped Dean get his angel back, showed him the exit door, and he’d get his ride out. So the vampire kept his distance, watching as Dean growled out those words yet again, his own weapon jammed underneath the rugaru’s chin.
“I thought our roles would be, um, reversed this time,” he mentioned, watching Dean climb over his legs, briskly breaking the seal on the lube bottle.
Charlie kept her mouth shut and eyes wide as they rounded a bend into what was a rough equivalent of main street. There were more people out here than usual, but she opted not to say as much. Besides, they were shrieking and scattering quickly enough they weren’t in danger of being run over.
When Sam finally turned off the water, Dean tried to wiggle his wings to knock water off them. His initial flaps sent drops spraying all over the room, but he did finally manage a more sedate wiggling, jiggling motion. His brother complained about getting wet, putting the showerhead back on the wall after rinsing out the tub.
Muting the sound, Dean stretched out his wings, flexing the bone fingers to either side as he stretched his body. Legs sticking out, arms curled behind his head, back arching off the cushions in a languid position. “Wanna check me out?”
“I don’t know. If it’s any consolation, many of my cohorts prefer to be more…blunt.”
When he’d woken up on Bobby’s couch that morning, Jody setting a mug of coffee on the table, his birthday cake baking in their oven, it was to the most bizarre markings he’d ever seen on his arm. They weren’t English, or Japanese, or Russian, they weren’t letters in any sort of alphabet he’d ever seen. Not only that, he had no idea what the damned things were written in. He’d seen Sharpie, charcoal pens, even a typewriter font. But his were a vivid, crystalline blue, and if the light around him wasn’t bright enough, you could see them glowing. No one’s soulmark had glowed. Ever. If anyone would know, it would be Dean.
“It wasn’t my wisest choice. I really should have known better. The costume was covered in real cotton. Old, stiff, scratchy cotton, and we had to wear our costumes for all rehearsals the week leading up to the actual play. It was itchy, I came home with rashes. Stop laughing, it wasn’t fun.”
"I would like that."
“Wait, what happened after that?” Dean asked, sounding worried. When Castiel looked at his husband, green eyes were studying him over the camera.
“Has this happened before?” Meg demanded. “Is that why you’re so calm?”
“I don’t care either way, so it doesn’t matter.”
The Omega stared at him. Castiel didn’t swear often. Not unless he was worked up about something or they were being intimate. “Is that what you think- “
“I’ve got nice arms?”
Satisfied, Castiel screwed the lid back on the mason jar and went to place it on the highest shelf he could find. After a week the original potion would lose its potency and he could dispose of it safely, but the necklace would retain the spell indefinitely. He had chosen this one specifically for its potency and longevity. Perhaps Dean might be upset he’d put a permanent spell on his treasured necklace, but Castiel had decided it would be unwise to leave his Alpha without some form of protection. Which he would need when word got out he’d been allowed to live. Not all Castiel’s kind would abide by the rules, as loath as he was to admit it, and his mother could be very wrathful when her temper was ignited.
“What about you?”
“Is that good or bad?”
Eventually Dean said slowly, "You said if you had anything to tell your parents you'd contact them yourself."
“Higher than Abaddon, lower than Lucifer.” He poured the soup into a bowl, tossed in a spoon, and went to stand in the doorway. “How did you last this long with no sense of self-preservation?”
Rather than answer, Castiel scooted himself back a little farther, then rolled onto his knees. He crawled to the middle of the bed, turning his head to regard Dean through lidded eyes. “This what you had in mind?”
He left it at that. When he descended the stairs to Dean’s basement. Once down there he found a table with a clear space and set the necklace down atop it. Then he began removing things from inner pockets in his trench coat, setting small vials and a few jars out in a line. There were nearly a dozen when he was done. A little poking around produced a mason jar, which he rinsed out and dried.
"Yeah," Dean confirmed, chuckling.
“I will go.”
“Why?”
“Fine. What about shoplifting?”
Castiel closed both the basement door and the front door before taking off, landing back outside the old man’s cabin. Heaving a sigh, he tramped inside, closing the door. The Angel was laying everything out on the kitchen counter when an irate voice called, “Hey, Junkless, that you?”
Meg smirked at him over the rim of her glass, taking a sip of the liquor before drawling, “You know what I’m talking about, Clarence. Those videos? Where you’re all sappy and domestic?”
Castiel scoffed. “I’m hardly a fool. When I heal a person, I generally try to ensure they last more than a day when I’m done.”
After what felt like an age of straining to fly as fast as she could manage, Charlie felt a surge of relief when Dean’s property came into sight. Her decent wasn’t as smooth as her mother’s, dropping jerkily from the sky as she let her grip on the Mist evaporate. She shifted farther from the ground than she should have, stumbling to her knees as she caught her breath.
“Gabriel. Is all well?”
“If it’s any consolation, your dangerousness will likely earn you the same extent of house arrest as Sam is currently enjoying.”
“No.” Also not a lie, though it was more true than his previous statement.
By sunrise the next day they were on the road again, bound for Palo Alto. It took two days, they spent the night in a motel near the state line between Idaho and Nevada, but they managed. Unlike Dean Castiel obeyed the speed limits, which admittedly slowed them down a little. Not that he was in too much of a rush. He'd already started avoiding contact with his mate, texting rather than calling, aware Dean wouldn't be happy when he found out.
“Join the club!”
Charlie’s change would be more subtle, altered senses and a limited range of basic woodland magic. Not much, but enough to perk up daises and talk to chipmunks if the urge ever struck. The only physical change she would have to look forward to were pointed ears. At least Sam wouldn’t even have to deal with that. He and Eileen both were human. His brother had actually been a little disappointed in that, for all he wouldn’t change a thing. Dean honestly wasn’t sure if it bothered Sam more that they were perfectly human or his soulmate had been. Still, adapting to someone who couldn’t hear seemed to provide him with stimulation enough. Though he had been miffed when she turned out to be the better driver, something about more fine-tuned peripheral vision.
“See? This is exactly what I mean!” Dean threw up his hands, then bent to wrestle off his boots. “Seriously, dude. I thought Angles had leave time or something, could walk around, smell the flowers. What’s the point of putting in your bit if you can’t let your hair down every once in a while?”
“No cement. A wise human once said that the definition of insanity is to repeat the same action over and over, expecting different results. I am many things, but I like to think I’ve retained my sanity over the years.”
“Hey, I rotate.”
“What is Tardis?”
Dean gave him an odd look, chewing on his pizza with excessive meats. Honestly Castiel had chosen it for the additional protein, but he’d been particularly enthusiastic about that one. He was absently nibbling on a crust, mentally rearranging practice drills for his squadron, when the Demon asked, “Are you always this literal?”
Castiel took in a shaky breath, then nodded. “Unless you wish to postpone- “
Castiel took down the camera, turning it off and stowing it. “I was joking.”
“That was Monday. Today’s Saturday,” Castiel protested innocently. “Weather is changeable.”
“Next question,” Castiel stated stiffly.
“Yes.”
“What about Polar Express?”
One wing was still dark, wet, but the other was mostly dry at this point. Jet black feathers ruffled, glinting cobalt in the bathroom’s LED lights. So it hadn’t just been the blood or the water, these things really were black. That was…also odd.
“Yeah, and- “
They were halfway back when he broke his silence, saying in an unusually quiet voice, “Grandma almost killed Charlie.”
“You think the rest of us had it any better?”
Feeling his face soften, Castiel stood from his stool, coming around to stand in front of them.
“What do you think?” he asked, doing the same.
Steeling himself, Dean cut the engine and climbed out. He was the good son, Sam was the one who argued constantly with their father, but on this he had no intention of budging. Castiel climbed out too, but he hung back as Dean went to face John.
“They were very pleasant.”
“Clearly, I lied,” Azazel informed him, completely devoid of remorse.
"I know."
“About what?”
“Why?”
The Omega nodded his understanding.
Naturally it was her very shocked-looking and very pale grandmother who was the first to speak.
“Yes, in the heat of the moment. In hindsight I pity it. More so than the other vermin that hitched a ride on that tree.”
"When they find out you're still breathing our people won't be very happy with Cassie. Standard penalty for letting the Alpha live after you breed is exile. He hasn't been spending a lot of time in the human world lately, he doesn't have the resources I do. I'm going to do what I can, but the moment they know my hands are tied. Considering this is your fault in the first place I'd like to know whether or not you plan on taking responsibility."
Castiel closed the footrest, stretching as he stood before answering. “I was putting down a warding around your property. It should work on humans as well as…anything else.”
Dean opened his mouth, then closed it. He frowned for a minute, then a reluctant grimace crossed his face. “Damn, I guess you’re right. But I know what I’d be bailing you out for.”
"Yes, yes of course. But you're him?" Leaning over a bit farther he asked, "Is it true you slew the Great Terror in the south with a single swipe?"
It took a minute, but Samandriel managed to get a grip on himself enough to explain. “I’m sorry, it’s just really funny. You’re a badass Kodiak shifter who once pissed of a Babylonian witch so much she cursed you with immortality. You’re like Wolverine. You’re even from Canada.”
“Yeah. Just text me when Meg drinks you under the table.”
“Thirteen what?” Dean demanded.
“Won’t you have your hands full soon?”
“Think he wants a miracle,” Benny grumbled, knocking off dirt and dried mud caking around the engine’s edges.
“Keep it down, would you,” Dean grumbled, dropping into his seat.
“I know, but you need to get home. You’ll come back soon, right?” He raised his eyebrows at Castiel, nodding meaningfully.
“What? No, I’ve been kinda busy.”
This year, Dean’s birthday would come on Sunday, but considering the circumstances he decided he wanted to spend it solo. While this was respected, it did mean Jody required him to come by the day before. So rather than spend his Saturday moping around his small apartment, Dean spent a good portion of it socializing.
“On what?”
“Just like that.”
Castiel waited, regarding both his son and his Alpha. For his part Dean seemed almost entranced, gazing at the child in something not unlike wonder. He could see Balthazar watching, studying, processing. He'd seen other male Omegas, but no Alphas or male Betas. Castiel had spent half their travel time fielding detailed questions on the differences in breeds, which he could see being put to use now. For what it was worth Dean was a bit taller than the average person in Kansas Haven. Broader, stronger built. He was wearing sturdy boots today, along with jeans and flannel shirt over a t-shirt, much like the night Castiel had met him. Nothing fancy, but then they'd arrived unannounced and were also in casual clothes. Balthazar was too young to appreciate the aesthetics of Castiel's human, but surely he couldn't find him
Castiel paused at that. “Really?”
He didn’t tell anyone about the voices. He didn’t tell anyone about what he could see. Not at first. It almost took another month, by which point he was getting a handle on things. He didn’t jump if someone started screeching in his head without warning, didn’t bat an eye when he saw a young vampire stuffing his face with ice cream. But he must not have hidden things as well as he thought, because Sam sat him down one night and demanded to know what was going on.
"Yes."
A part of him did feel bad for keeping Sam out like this. Deciding to go it alone hadn’t come easy, and he’d only made up his mind a year ago. Sometimes he still wasn’t sure, but he was holding his ground. The fact was that, despite a lot of effort and a crap-ton of time, Dean still had no idea who his soulmate was. It could be another human, or it could not. If it was, then nothing much would happen at 4:00a.m. tomorrow morning. If it was, he’d know in short order. Either way, he didn’t want Sam seeing him then. Whether he went through a biological overhaul or hit an all-time low as nothing happened, he didn’t want his little brother to bear witness. He didn’t want anyone there, in fact he planned on locking himself inside for the whole day. He’d stocked up on jerky, bacon, pie, beer, and whisky for the occasion. Regardless of what happened, he had a feeling he’d be wanting to get drunk, and tomorrow it would actually be legal.
“At least put on some damn shoes.”
“My thoughts exactly,” the Omega hummed, kissing him again. The morning sickness had begun on their way to the tower. He’d begun to feel…off, though he hadn’t mentioned as much to Dean. He’d waited until the timeline added up, then put a few drops of his blood onto a parchment etched with a charm. It was simple enough, with equally simple results. If you were pregnant, the charm would flare fire. If you weren’t, it’d just go black. The higher the flames, the farther along you were. Castiel was a bit surprised in that regard. Judging by how enthusiastic the tongues of fire were, he had conceived that first day he’d lain with Dean, the day he’d mated the human. He’d been a little worried about telling Dean, but he shouldn’t have. The Alpha had been elated by the news, and taken to pampering him even more.
“They…glow.”
“I’ll call him, then. And I’ll drop off that doctor’s note when I get your glasses. It’ll be fine, we’ll be fine. Alright?”
The Alpha had set a skillet he'd washed by hand on a dishtowel, drying his hands on another, when he finally looked up through the window. He froze, eyes widening, for a moment holding perfectly still. Then he ducked away, moving back through the house. As Castiel watched a backdoor was thrown open, a beam of light falling over the porch and part of the backyard. The silhouette in the doorway carried a gun, not that it bothered the Omega. Instead he waited, watching as the weary figure made his way off the porch and towards his flame.
“Yeah, Cas, that was alright. It was more than alright. That’s one thing you
Today he was fighting with the garden, and deciding he needed to delegate the duty to his able-bodied offspring, when he heard someone tap the bell at his front gate. Castiel rocked back onto his ass, bracing his arms over his knees and huffing a breath. Dusting off his hands he called, “In the back!”
With that he plucked the offending device from the girl’s fingers, turned it off, and headed back towards the front of his classroom.
“Actually, since we’re in Canada you’re more likely to get French soap operas, or English.”
Gradually, like the tide drawing away from the shore, intense waves of pleasure subsided until he was left with an encompassing sense of happiness and wellbeing. Warm lips were pressing a trail down his neck and across his collar bone, a possessive growl rumbling in the Alpha's throat. Castiel smiled faintly, humming happily at the sensation only to whine his dismay as a limp cock was withdrawn from him. He felt oddly empty without Dean inside him, he didn't like it.
“It’s gonna need some work,” Dean admitted.
“Charlie? What’re you doing here?” he called.
“Yep.”
"Why not? Just because Sam walked out doesn't mean you need to."
"You're awesome, you know that?" Dean rasped when they parted for air. "You're fucken' awesome."
“’Do you ever participate in Black Friday? If so, what’s the best deal you ever got?’” Castiel slowly lifted his gaze from the paper, turning a glare on his husband.
“How would I know? I’m seven, you won’t tell me anything.”
Castiel blushed.
"I don't think so. What're you doing out here?"
Blue eyes turned to study him worriedly as they waited for a red light to turn off campus. He looked worried, but he didn’t push, waiting patiently. Damn it.
Dean turned a little, hooking an arm around his shoulders and pulling him into a proper kiss. When they parted, the Demon wrinkled his nose. “How long are you gonna be in China? You smell like smog again.”
Dean stared at him, blinking rapidly. The entire time he’d known Castiel, his wardrobe hadn’t changed much. It had gotten marginally more practical since graduating high school, trading tattered and ripped skinny jeans for often ratty and torn jeans of the baggier variety, graphic and striped shirts for plain dull, often black-based colors. He’d given up trying to tame his hair with a comb ages ago, leaving him with semi-permanent sex hair. He’d ditched the gaudy piercings for more subtle bars and small, slender rings. Two of the former were in his left brow, one of each of the latter in his upper and lower lip, not counting the silver stud in each ear and bar in his tongue. Castiel was a creature of habit, change was minimal and gradual if there was any change at all.
“Hey, get a shot of the sign as we’re going in.”
“Is that good?”
Castiel used the opportunity to shove him up against the nearest wall, bracing a knee between his thighs. He was rewarded with a wanton moan when he kissed Dean again, slower this time. He only let up when the other teen had gone semi-limp and actually whimpered when he turned his attention to a pulsing jugular. A part of Castiel mused that he was the lucky one, marveled over it.
“Safe and sound up in Heaven,” Gabriel promised. “As long as he’s given access to enough reading material, and I make sure he can stretch his wings a few times a week, he’s the most low maintenance lover I’ve ever had.”
“Probably. Speaking of which, you hungry?”
“What does it matter?”
Dean finally turned to look back at him, saying, “Well that was fast.”
“What about dinner?”
He raised his head from a nipple to say this. Castiel only groaned rather than protest further, shoving his head back down. Dean chuckled, obligingly going back to work. He slid a hand under the Omega's knee, lifting it as he lightly nipped his mate mark. Castiel let his other leg slide off the seat, allowing the Alpha more room as well as full access.
"Hello! Hey, where you going?" In a lower voice Castiel heard a distinct, "Damn it, I don't have time for this shit."
It came as a surprise to no one when, come August, Gabriel decided to move back to Sanford with Sam.
None of them said anything, just pressed onward. At least there was a lull after that, only a wraith and a rugaru or two crossing their path. They were finally able to make serious headway, and before long Benny knew the gate wasn’t far.
“Dean had that panel at a convention in San Diego, remember? Then I spent the second half of the summer with the flu. It was hardly an enjoyable hiatus. Then they had me take over the computer class until Maria came back from maternity leave instead of bringing in a sub. There hadn’t been time.”
The Angel could only nod.
“Never. And I’m glad. I just wish it didn’t take an incident like that to get through. It gave us all a heart attack when it fell. It almost landed on Gabriel.”
“I haven’t thrown them out, just removed them.”
The first week of school went by easily enough. By the second week professors began dumping tasks on them in earnest, as usual. Dean still wasn’t a fan, but he’d learned to cope over the years. He’d never be like Sam, an adamant lover of all things academia. He enjoyed learning things, he enjoyed puzzles like the one that had become his life’s mission, he could appreciate really old things, but as far as he was concerned, academia was a means to an end. Nothing more, nothing less.
Castiel glared at him, but grudgingly went to the Impala. Dean opened the passenger door for him, and the Omega had Charlie climb in to sit between them. Gabriel loaded Balthazar and Samandriel into the backseat, then took to the air as a ball of golden flame. He beat them to the house, and was getting out the trunks as they tromped inside.
For a moment he was tempted to try and look again, then decided against it. He’d seen a few recordings, usually in documentaries, of humans getting their wings. Humans who’d already met their soulmates, who knew what they were getting. It was a slow, painful, bloody process. Suddenly he decided it probably wouldn’t do him much good to see what was becoming of his own back. Best to wait until the process had run its course.
"How did it know to use that name?"
The Omega was starting to shiver a bit, and began to wander the yard as Dean lifted Samandriel onto his shoulders so he could make the snowman’s face. Two coal eyes, a carved-out mouth, and a carrot nose pointing askew. Limbs had been thrust into either side of its middle ball to form arms, kitchen mitts put on the ends, an old scarf wrapped around its neck. Dean didn’t have a top hat, never mind a spare one, so Samandriel had had to settle for an old trucker cap he’d dug out of the closet.
He relayed what Uriel had told him, and a scowl split the Demon’s face.
“Uh-huh. What about now?”
didn't
“Depends.”
Introductions made, and his parents seeming to approve, they unloaded the car and bustled inside before it got dark completely. Though Castiel had improved a bit over the years, Dean was still the one in primary command of the kitchen. Samandriel didn’t walk so much as he drifted into the room, inhaling deeply.
"If we let you go and we see you sniffing around again, you won't walk away," Dean warned.
“Probably because we could buy beer there.”
He was quite aware. “’Where did you two meet?’,” he read slowly.
Considering Lucifer had previously only poked fun at Castiel for his taking part in his husband’s videos, it didn’t take much to get his consent for the kids to be in one. In his defense, Castiel had tried to ask out of their earshot, but they’d heard anyway. The next thing he knew he had two youngsters bouncing around him asking if they could be on the internet. Whatever he thought of his brother, sociopath or no, Lucifer regarded Ruby and Alfie and heaved a long-suffering sigh.
"Hey!" the Alpha snapped, drawing himself up and glowering at the group. Most of them were Betas, who responded quite well when dealing with an Alpha's authority. "They were up there in that cave for how long and ate how much of your livestock? How many fields were razed? How many people were killed? None. Not by them. They didn't do anything, so there was no reason to kill 'em. And like I said, they're leaving. You won't have to worry about them anymore."
“I don’t think so. Why?”
"Yeah, about that," Gabriel began sheepishly.
“Awesome. Alfie it is.”
“I don’t know!”
Abruptly he brightened his grace’s glow, stalking forward.
Castiel stopped the recording, turning off the camera for a time. A downside of the lack of traffic was there was less to entertain them, so it was more like twenty minutes before they did the next set of questions. Somehow Castiel doubted they’d have any trouble getting them in as they headed north.
As usual, Dean’s face flushed, color filling out his cheeks and blotting out his freckles. When Castiel slowly drew away, looking up at his mate’s adorably flustered face through his lashes, the Demon yanked his hand away. “Don’t do that,” he snapped, turning away huffily. As he always did.
He had made his way into the garage, and was about to hit the button to close the door, when an insignia on a crisp envelope caught his eye. For a moment Castiel stared at it, heart pounding. He opened his mouth to call for Dean, then closed it. A envelope didn’t mean anything, he had no idea what was inside it yet.
“If any of my past students are watching this, this is why I took two months off of work three years ago.”
“We’re just gonna stick a pin in that. I ain’t about to start a serious argument with the guy in charge of handing out Ding Dongs. What’s the next question?”
Shout out to Steph_Winchester, Karategrl80, CastielsHeart, and aquariustar!
“That was in February, it’s September.”
Castiel took the paper, reading it over. There were a few he wasn’t so sure about, but for Dean he’d go through with it. Once he’d studied all the questions and contemplated suitable answers he handed back the list. “I’ll need to get a shower first.”
Dean grinned shamelessly, which Castiel chose to ignore.
“It’s fine,” Castiel said as she trailed off. “Just, perhaps in the future, ask before you throw drinks?”
“They’re unknown for a reason, Bobby.”
Uneasy, the Omega dropped his head low to the ground, flattening his wings to his back and making himself as low as possible. He crawled forward a few steps, putting his blunt snout right in front of Dean. He made a low whining rumble in his throat, gently bumping the Alpha’s chest.
The Demon sighed, lids fluttering as he tilted his head back against stone. “If I tell ya, will you make it quick?”
Eventually his pounding skull and the still dancing porcupine made him gulp the pills, chugging what he hoped to be normal water to get them down his dry gullet. It tasted fine, but weren’t there some tasteless toxins out there? There were certainly tasteless laxatives, which would be far easier for Castiel to get ahold of.
“No, Cas, no, that’s not…I don’t care, alright? Your kids are awesome.” Resting a hand on the Omega’s belly he continued, “This kid is gonna be awesome, so are any others if you decide you wanna keep going. I don’t give a shit if there ain’t any Alphas or whatever. Got it?”
Bloodshot eyes widened. “Demon? What are you talking about?”
"You left years ago. I know they weren't exactly awesome but...did you ever think about going back? Giving them a phone call or something?"
“Yeah, I’ve got contacts. I’ll get in touch, see if they have anything on….” He waved absently at a wing that flickered briefly into the visible spectrum before vanishing again.
“Candy, getting to dress up, and getting to spook-up the house.”
Best of all was the scent. Even before the Omega could taste his rising rut this Alpha had the most mouthwatering scent of any Alpha he'd lured yet. Lavender and pine and motor oil and the most intoxicating Alpha musk he'd ever inhaled, untainted by a mate. Their scent was meant to be appealing, but it wasn't always. He'd once lured a human halfway to his nest only to toss him back when their revolting scent hit his nose.
Maybe he wouldn’t have been so pessimistic about it, but the Sunday following that second week was his birthday. His twenty-first birthday. With the possible exception of thirteenth birthdays, they were widely regarded as one of the most important milestones.
"Because it's funny," Dean chortled, a broad grin stretching across his face as his entire body shook. Crow's feet fanned out around his eyes when he laughed, something that seemed to affect his whole body. Castiel was suddenly struck by the fact that he was even more beautiful when he laughed. Not only that, it was contagious.
"Gabriel," Dean stated, though he relaxed slightly. "Did he send you? Is he okay?"
Her face scrunched up at the idea. “No.”
“Don’t you dare,” Dean gasped when they came up for air.
“Yeah, they’re in my office.”
Initially, when Dean led her out of her stall, she eyed Castiel like she was trying to decide if a bite or a kick might be better. Her nostrils flared, her head rearing back as she gave a quiet squeal, jerking up against the reins Dean still held, ears pricking forward, tail swishing as she stomped a front hoof.
“Why?”
“Well I assume you were both trying to kill each other whenever you’ve met one,” Castiel pointed out. He kept one ear cocked towards the road, but so far he hadn’t heard anyone. His senses were sharper this way, far more than a human’s. His ears sat atop his head on either side, not unlike a horse’s in shape and just as scaled as the rest of him.
Castiel stare down into his mug, eyes distant. After a long moment he admitted,
Castiel repeated this process twice more, taunting the Omega with gentle strokes, tugging his dick and toying with his nipples until Dean was one thrust away from coming on his cock only to pull out, leaving him high and dry. Well, Dean would be high and dry. Left to gulp the Alpha’s cum as his own orgasm slipped through his fingers.
Dean's hand curled into a fist on the door frame, rage starting to build up in his chest once more. His first instinct was to go after his brother, try to call him, anything. Any other day he would have done it without a second thought, but any other day he didn't have a rattled mate on his hands.
Dean grimaced as Sam started to protest farther, only to be cut off by a rough, "Reading list."
He provided a picture of the words posted on the building's side, the one reading 'Walk-in's Welcome!'
The vampire kept pace, flanking Dean, one eye on the human, the other on their perimeter. He wasn’t about to chance a surprise attack. Dean might not have nearly so many people to interrogate, but he was a human. He attracted monsters like a magnet, which could be irritating, but he was using it to his advantage. Benny might find it annoying, but he could appreciate a fellow opportunist.
Balthazar grinned then.
“Son of a…come on, let’s go.”
Castiel smiled, sluggishly wrapping his arms around the Demon. He did try to return the favor, stroking the bones of Dean’s wings, until he was asked to stop. Apparently it didn’t have the same effect. It wasn’t as enjoyable, and when the bones were handled it was more erotic than soothing.
“I’m…selective. And I do report what I learn.”
Brow furrowing, Dean stared at his wing. He tried to move it again, getting them to twitch upward a little, wingtips quivering, and Sam’s hand jerked away. “They’re back,” he blurted. “What’re you doing?”
“Yes. There’s plenty of nudity in art, and that’s what this was. Art. You might like it yourself, if they have another one.”
He took another bite, chewing thoughtfully. It had been a while since he’d had them preform flying maneuvers, or mid-air sparring for that matter. They were overdue, then. He’d have to remedy that, he couldn’t have them losing their edge just because they were at an easy posting.
he greeted, probably sounding more surprised than was polite. Shifting his hold on Samandriel’s hand he added,
“They’re hardly plain. There’s lettuce, and tomato, and pickles- “
Castiel had stopped in his tracks before the first had finished his exclamation. He was tense, on alert, and mentally kicking himself. Four Demons had spread out to his left, and he turned to put them all in his line of sight. There were no others, he couldn’t feel any more, and he’d made the mistake of not locking down his own grace in his irritation. Likely that was how they’d found him.
“So there’s gonna be a next time!” Beaming broadly, Dean gave the camera a thumbs-up. “If you like what you see, like, comment, and subscribe down below. Especially if you want to see more of my awesome hubby. Stay safe, Gotham!”
“I’m guessing we have about an hour.”
“I don’t understand.”
"You'd be amazed how many things out there can look human when they want to. You know something funny? You're the only person within two miles of the dragon's den. Even the regular hunters are avoiding that place. It'd be a new trick for me, but it wouldn't surprise me."
“No, don’t think so. You hitting anyplace else?”
"Yes."
“You object?”
Castiel frowned, head quirking sideways.
Sharp eyes studied him for a moment. Then he stated bluntly, “It’s one of the birdies I gave you, ain’t it.”
“I was in the library, I was on the top floor since it was less crowded, working on a research paper. I had this table that was in the far corner, specifically so I would be left alone. Then someone decides it would be a great idea to come over and ask me if I was going to leave anytime soon.”
responded I was…invested.”
Shaking his head, the vampire stepped forward. “Purgatory has an escape hatch, but I got no idea if it’s angel-friendly.”
“Gabriel would let me out, but only after he got a good laugh out of it. I’d prefer to avoid that.”
After a moment of thinking this over, Hazel announced, “I would like a brother, so I don’t have to share as many of my toys.”
“I’m a chef too,” Dean argued. “She’s just that awesome.”
Another kit. They were going to have another kit. Castiel hadn’t anticipated loving them as he did, wanting more. It was hardly easy, the pregnancies had as many trials as they did benefits, and for all he adored their kits they were often a handful. That said…he’d never trade them for anything. Gorgeous little infants who took weeks before the scaled patterns faded from their skin, who blinked up at him for the first time with slitted eyes. He’d never realized until Henry that part of the reason their primary form was one or the other was due to the shape of their parents. If he’d been in his dragon form more often would they be rising winged lizards instead of bipedal humanoids? If their beloved father wasn’t so obviously human would they be so proud of their weaker forms?
Sam’s spring break, when it came, was spent with them driving up to South Dakota. It seemed the Singers wanted to meet them, post haste. Jo even came home for the occasion. All four were very interested in the Novak’s, to the point Dean was routinely pestered by texts. That was the surname Castiel’s last alias had had, Novak. He was in the process of arranging last name changes for himself and the three younglings. At least their soon-to-be sibling could just have ‘Winchester’ put on their birth certificate. They’d get their documents honestly. Unlike theirs, which a contact had had to draw up. Younglings born in Havens didn’t have things like birth certificates or social security numbers.
“What I don’t get is why you’re not open to things like angels after what’s happened to you. Maybe that’s who you’re hearing.”
“He’s right. Once you’re healed we can revisit the issue,” Castiel promised. Mostly in an effort to cut off this mouthy Demon’s attitude at the pass, on this at least.
“Getting recognized in public.”
"How you feeling?" Dean murmured. The hand in his hair drifted south, which he found disappointing.
Castiel lowered his weapon, returning it to the inside of his coat with unsteady fingers. "Sam. What's wrong?"
Munching on a carefully decorated sugar cookie snowman, Castiel read off the first question. “’What is your favorite Christmas song?’ That’s appropriate.” Looking at the camera, he explained, “Dean was just complaining about them. He prefers the classics.”
This only made Dean blush more, but the lady just beamed at them and focused on her work. She was fast, more so than most of the people Castiel had seen behind the register. He could see why Dean had opted for her lane, if not for the friendliness.
Castiel’s eyes widened. “How did that happen?”
Smiling fondly, Castiel drew him into a kiss. He’d become very proficient at this, making it long and slow and sweet. To his delight he even made the Demon whimper.
to be taken care of, a mindset his Omega brother would throttle him for. Old fashioned? Very. But....he still wanted it.
"Yes. Why?"
By this point Gabriel was on his feet, pacing the kitchen in agitation.
To her surprise there was a clatter from the garage, followed by what sounded suspiciously like curse words. A moment later the Alpha came out of the garage, shrugging into a canvas jacket. He broke into a trot when he saw her, still on hands and knees in the snow.
“Which is beautiful, if you haven’t seen it,” Castiel chipped in.
Confusion crossed his brother's face for barely a heartbeat before the blood drained from it, realization sinking in.
This seemed to satisfy his charge. Dean stood stiffly, wings folded loosely to his back as he started making his way up the grown-in path to the cabin. Castiel made sure he was safely ensconced, even took the time to make sure he found something to watch that was long enough to keep him entertained in his absence before leaving.
“Not that I remember. Perhaps I retain some memories I wasn’t aware of.” He groaned as he rediscovered that blissful connection, a sound Dean matched as his head fell back. “I’ve also seen lots of humans, when outdoor fornication was more common.”
Dean gave him a deadpan look, then snapped the list out. “’Who would be the first to die in a horror movie?’ I think that’d be you, actually.”
“Most are,” Castiel admitted, for all if word of his opinion got out he’d be up for court martial. “This is Gabriel. If I’m to invest the time and energy in your healing, I’ll need sufficient cover. I’ll also need someone to vouch for me and you once it’s completed.”
“I thought you said you’d never drunk coffee before.”
“Is that it?”
“You were perceptive enough to inform me as to why you’d made your sudden change in behavior,” Castiel elaborated, glancing at the camera. “Afterward I tried to be more patient.”
“I never really thought about it,” Castiel admitted.
John hesitated, then asked, “Can I come in?”
“They’re just animals without the meat.”
Castiel dropped the paper onto the desk. “No it is not.
“I would hardly call it that,” Castiel snorted. Focusing on the lens again he explained, “I’d been walking for maybe ten minutes when this bus came along. It was shuttling a Baptist choir group home from some sort of gospel music festival in California. The driver was nice enough to invite me on board before I overheated. They were heading to Nebraska and offered to take me that far. I was in the back next to their very maternal choir leader, and she was very concerned as to why I seemed to be walking out of the desert by myself. Eventually I told her. At first it was just enough to for her to get the idea, but then she informed me that I would not be allowed off the bus until I explained just what was weighing on me. It was a little easier to do once she told me that the very nice driver was her wife.”
“Cas, you…seriously, what the hell? This ain’t you.”
“I had to.”
Minutes later the front door shut. Castiel shifted uncomfortably, watching uneasily as Dean groaned and let his head tilt back against the wall. "My apologies," he mumbled quietly.
“Yes.”
Though Dean did occasionally give a sharp thrust, for the most part he settled into a steady rhythm that made the Angel moan. He even wrapped a hand around his cock, stroking it in tandem to his thrusts. Castiel was staring blearily up at him, panting, when Dean’s free hand moved to his shoulder, sliding up his arm until he reached his palm, lacing their fingers together. Castiel’s left hand still clung to his shoulder, but with his right he gladly clutched his lover’s hand. It struck him as an oddly tender gesture.
“What do you think? A nice little toy. Shame it only works once. I’d hoped I wouldn’t have to use it on you.”
Charlie was thrilled about getting the largest room, until she was told it would be made into two rooms. Her complaints persisted until she was informed she could either take the downsizing, or share her room with her incoming sibling. Charlie still pouted, but opted to take the downsizing.
“No,” Castiel admitted, toying with his wine glass.
“I’m quitting.”
A needy keen reached his ears as the Omega squirmed impatiently. "Dean, please," he moaned. "Fuck me, knot me,
“I know.”
“Well yeah, I mean...…” Dean stopped, clearing his throat. “You’ve got a twin who’s a self-proclaimed trickster with a sugar addiction, a brother that’s named after Satan, and another with a god-complex.”
“I get it,” Benny admitted. “You’re worried what I might do if we make it topside. Then I’ll start eating your little piggies. I already told you, man. By the time I got iced, I was strictly on blood transfusions. Donated blood. Not donated to me, I’ll give you that, but I paid good black-market scratch for it.”
“I’m not,” John admitted, scratching the back of his neck. A nervous tick Castiel had seen Dean preform countless times. “But I figured it was the only way I’d be able to keep up with my kids. You, Sam, Jo, you’re all on at least two sites. That and…Pastor Jim talks to me sometimes.”
“Show me.”
Castiel watched the movie. And its successor. By that point not only was he a bit miffed at Dean for his crack, which seemed to exasperate the Demon, he was hooked on the universe those movies were set in. He was delighted to find there were many more where those had come from, even though it might take a while for him to watch them all.
“Most of them are like Lucy,” Dean assured him.
“What?”
The undoubtedly intimate moment came to a close when the human's eyes began to dilate, making his voice even rougher when he spoke again.
Castiel sighed, giving him an exasperated look. "Did you
Dean lugged their suitcases upstairs as Castiel went to check the mail, wiggling out the bundle of what he assumed was mostly junk from their mailbox. They’d only been gone a day or two, there hadn’t been need to stop it. He absently flipped through some of the items as he made his way back up their driveway, singling out two more Christmas cards and shuffling a few letters to send straight to the garbage.
“Because you’re excited about it.”
“No.” Though he understood the concern. The last time Dean had seen a ball of fire was when he’d been lured to what should have been his death. This one was smaller, though, and a rich shade of gold. It hung by the tree line, and Castiel could just make out the shape beyond it. Hunched. Limping. Falling.
“Yes. We have more than enough,” Castiel promised. “You’re sure you’re alright with us taking that much Tupperware?”
Karategrl80: Damn it if it wasn’t ill-fitting to this AU I would SO have moose stuffies in his nest! So cute must have! (Saving for next appropriate fic gahh!)
“So stimulating it was
She just hummed, teasing a glob of cheese and guacamole onto a chip. “I wouldn’t worry about it. When you get into it the stage fright shouldn’t be a problem.”
"Please what?" was the growled response, right before a thumb brushed the head of his aching cock.
“Of course I warded him,” Castiel scoffed, releasing Dean’s hand. “I’ve seen what happens when you enrage her. Dean, my home is approximately half a mile in that direction. Can you drive them up there? We have things to pack.”
“What? Really?” He’d never gotten the chance to poke fun an angel before. He was starting to like it.
“No.” Castiel pulled away, but didn’t let go. “Let it stay.”
“Yes?” he asked, turning to face the speaker, face amicable.
“I found the nearest batch of hunters under Men of Letters protection that had traces of sulfur and Demon blood.” Dean didn’t need to know about the wards. “Working with curses is akin to working with contagious diseases. You require the antidote to do so safely.”
One of them finally noticed Dean was conscious and staring at them. As concerning as their words were, realizing these sons of bitches actually knew who his soulmate was, he was just as unsettled by the fact that he was looking at such a variety of people. It went beyond gender, age, race, though there was a hearty range in those departments too. It didn’t matter if they were currently hiding their natures, he could see exactly what they were. Vampires, at least six different breeds of shifter, djinn, wraiths, demons, dragons, sirens, nymphs, nereids, to name a few. He even saw a pair of tengu, a phoenix, and a mer. All of whom were now staring at him. Some looked uneasy, others looked annoyed, or angry, a few just looked arrogant. The only commonality between the group was that all wore the same pen. He couldn’t make out what it was exactly, none were close enough, but they were on lapels, scarves, blouses.
you? Is that all I get, ‘hello’?”
“Hey, I pissed the Men of Letters off all on my own.”
Castiel's rapid nod was cut off in another kiss. Though he did take the next speaking opportunity to ask, "Do you think we could do this in the backseat? It's wider."
“I will ward things sufficiently, for both our sakes. I’ve invested energy in your survival, it’s to my benefit to keep you alive.”
Castiel’s chest was already tight, able to see where this was going. Desperate people did desperate things, be they human, monster, or something else. Worse, it sounded like Dean was one of those poor souls who’d sold themselves to Hell for something good, rather than selfishness or greed.
“Even if I was, it’s hardly so simple. Perhaps for you, but not us.”
“Yeah. Don’t get me wrong, it works just fine, but this newer stuff is better. Get water-based if you can.”
“Let’s just say I tolerate them like you tolerate my crappy singing.”
“Which the neighbors hate.”
to throw him off a bridge?"
“You made a deal? How did you make a demon deal then become a Knight of Hell?”
An index finger stroked his cheek, then moved up to his ear. He heard breath hitch as it gently curled around the tapered point, a thumb brushing the sensitive appendage with such tenderness he actually shivered. Why was this fool of a human behaving in such a manner? They were not mates, they would never be mates, it made no sense.
“We good?”
“Yes, Alpha, I swear it.”
"Dad, I-
By the end of the month, they were settled in with their first doctor’s visits under their belts. Castiel had been right, they were none too happy about all the shots, but Dean took them for ice-cream after, which helped sooth the blow. Despite the Omega’s protests, he did the same after his first OBGYN visit. It was…unpleasant, but Missouri was nice. Her name was Dr. Moseley, but she demanded he call her Missouri, and he chose to obey rather than argue. He’d been surprised when two of the three doctors Dean had found for him were females, and of those he’d chosen her. Dr. Missouri was warm, maternal, and took absolutely no shit. She hadn’t even let Dean speak during the consult, until Castiel had indicated it was okay. The female Beta had actually wacked him with Castiel’s file. She got him started on prenatal care, and agreed to prescribe suppressants after the pup was born. He’d asked Dean to accompany him sheepishly, and he hadn’t felt much better about it when he found himself in a waiting room devoid of Alphas, but he was glad all the same.
Jimmy!”
Castiel looked at her, then slowly raised his eyes back up to Dean. “You killed a Knight of Hell.”
“You don’t have to answer him right away, do you?”
“Thank you.” He flipped the knife over, catching it by the handle and returning it to the block.
“Don’t you need a quality control check or something?”
“Sam still hasn’t met with him, but I think he’s gonna.”
Dean jerked away automatically, shoulder raising, “Geez, Cas!”
“At least I’m never late to an appointment,” Castiel argued. “Barring unforeseen circumstances I’m at work on time each day and I arrive at my appointed time when I have a doctor’s visit. Unlike some people, who insist on arriving five minutes late.”
"Cas?"
“Why, what happened?”
They gave him an exasperated look, then reached over to grasp his wrist with one hand. “Teleportation. I can teach you, if you wish.” He spread his free hand over Dean’s knuckles, and a faint light shimmered beneath it. Dean, who’d been trying to jerk away, froze as the pain eased. He blinked, staring at his own hand as they took theirs away. He curled his fingers into a fist, then splayed them out again.
Castiel made a face. “I’m punctual when it matters. When there were reservations or a movie with a specific time I never ran late.”
He dragged his head up, instinctively trying to get up as Sam called his name, shaking his bare shoulder. “Sammy?” he slurred, vision blurring briefly before sharpening. He found himself staring up into his brother’s worried face, midday light pouring into his apartment.
Charlie grumbled. Though she wasn’t as eager to tell their uncle, glad Balthazar was.
the first time Balthazar was out and about, after all. His son was fascinated by the land they flew over, cloaked in Mist to keep them from the notice of humans. Eventually only the promise of seeing the town and humans up close at a later date drew Balthazar from the streets of Lawrence and all its Sunday morning bustle.
“No!” she called back from the kitchen.
“Yeah,” Dean agreed dreamily. “You’ve got the cookies, you’ve got Yule log, you’ve got Christmas pie. That’s my pick, by the way, Christmas pie.”
A low keen, weak in his own ears, drifted from Castiel’s lips when he saw his Alpha turn, bundle of cloth cradled in his arms. He reached out towards them with an unsteady hand trailing tubes, eyes on his pup. Dean glanced towards him, an awed look on his face. He took slow, careful steps over to the hospital bed, handling the bundle in his arms like the slightest jostle would break it. The softest, quietest rumble Castiel had heard his Alpha make had begun to thrum in his chest, and while he relaxed slightly he only felt at ease when his pup was gingerly passed to him. He’d read about it, but never heard it before. Likely Dean didn’t even know he was making that sound, an involuntary Alpha response meant to calm a pup or mate, particularly a very young pup.
"Attempt ain't a guarantee," Dean pointed out casually, shrugging. "Better move him before we blow town."
Meg nudged the drink menu over to him as she took one of the other pretzels. “My treat. Pick something.”
“Stop talking.”
“Sam told you?”
Castiel dragged himself onto his side, panting, staring as the two Knights of Hell faced off. He’d been cleared for full duty, but he wasn’t completely back to full strength yet. Otherwise he wouldn’t be so worn out already. He should have fled when he’d had the chance, before Dean had come out. Unless Dean took the opportunity to return to Hell, now that one of his own was here.
Dean didn't think, he just moved. In seconds he was around the table and grabbing John's jacket, slamming him against the wall. "What happened to my mate?" he snarled. "Cas is a lot of things but he sure as hell ain't fine."
“The ones today were nice.”
“My students don’t mind me. I’m fair with most of them.”
Dean was five years into his sentence. He was still bound to Castiel’s home, save for when he was brought elsewhere to impart information or aid in interrogations. When he wasn’t doing that, and amusing himself by poking at whomever had had the misfortune of guarding him that day, he seemed content at Castiel’s home.
Castiel considered that, then inclined his head. “Those terms are acceptable. I don’t think either of us would get bitten by a zombie, though.”
They ate in silence for a time, Castiel helping himself to a PB&J after his turkey sandwich. He was going to check on the rest of the supplies, see if he needed to retrieve more, when he saw Dean reach for his blade. Long fingers wrapped around its grip, testing the weight. As he watched, the Demon flipped it in his grip, testing it both forehand and backhand.
He sat down his coffee mug so he could fold his arms. “I’d just gotten that particular petunia to perk up. She was going to live and you murdered her.”
“You enjoy being in the kitchen too much,” Castiel discounted. “Besides, that’s how she bribes us into visiting during Thanksgiving.”
“Who said I do?” His eyes widened slightly, and he snapped his fingers. “Oh, almost forgot. I got something for you.”
“That should have been good enough from the beginning. I’m sorry it took so long for me to admit that.” Smiling tiredly, John returned his gaze to Castiel. “Keep taking care of him, would you?”
The Demon folded his arms, leaning against the counter. “They’re setting up a deal. A signed one, so they can’t back out of it. They’ll knock a year off my sentence if I- “
“Oh come on, again? We haven’t won in months,” she whined.
Dragons didn’t blush as humans did, but Castiel felt like he was. He’d never been admired before, not like this. He’d always felt dirty, uneasy, when Alphas had studied him in the past. This was different, it felt different. Pure. What’s more, Dean’s admiring touches made him shiver pleasantly, not recoil in disgust. He wasn’t overly fond of being called ‘pretty’, but he minded a bit less when he was being admired like a precious treasure.
“What are you making?”
“You won’t take them from me,” Castiel bit out, blue fire spreading farther over his body, rage scent rolling off him. “They are my younglings, I am many things but you can hardly declare me an unfit parent. You have no grounds. They come with me, all of them.”
“Do you hear anything?”
"Good luck. You're going to need it."
“I think you’ve mentioned that before.”
“I know.”
Balthazar was clever in his own way, blazing through what school had to teach him, already learning to brew his own lotions and charms. Sadly, very few were benevolent. Castiel always knew when there was trouble at school, if his son was being bullied, because the local teacher would demand a meeting with him. He'd had a very extensive discussion with her regarding the proper discipline of children after she honestly expected him to punish Balthazar after he'd turned a cocoon charm on the child who'd been pushing him around for weeks. A fretting mother had had to cut her daughter out of the mess of cloth her own clothes and satchel had become. He still made things for fun, but he hadn't had to scold Balthazar since his firstborn had made a jar of purple goo that would explode in the face of the one who opened it. The poor target had been stained for over a week afterward.
The Demon, who was watching him carefully, blinked. “For, like, two minutes this time. And I kept my power airtight, what little I’ve got. That curse was a real bitch and a half.”
"A baseball bat," Castiel answered, swinging his legs over the bed's edge to stand. "Consider yourself lucky. The one wrapped in barbed wire was farther away."
“How’d you get out here? Where’s Cas?”
Samandriel slumped in his seat with a sigh, scrubbing his face wearily. “Gadreel, do you intend harm to me?”
Castiel studied the menu as he nibbled his soft pretzel, pointing to one of the options that looked most appealing. He deliberately finished his food before he went to the bathroom, using some wet paper towels to clean off most of what remained of the thrown drink. He was still damp when he went back to the table, but far less sticky.
The Alpha shook his head, looking around the store. They were in a lull, just one or two people wandering the isles without a blue vest. "Think they'll let you knock off early?"
Castiel woke to the sunrise peeking through their open window, his wrists baring no trace of the previous night’s abuse. What little he was able to see of his back, ass, and thighs appeared to be in better condition. He smiled, stretching languidly before curling back up around a pillow that smelled strongest of Dean.
"Thank you," he said absently as he crossed the threshold. "Yes, he did. I got the papers last night. Oh, and Michael let me use all the computers at his business."
“I know. It’s part of why it’s one of my favorite Christmas traditions.”
Dean scrubbed at his face with a hand wearily. “Would you believe we spent over an hour herding that thing out a door?”
“On how you answer my first question. What finally did you in?”
Even as he stared, the sheen quickly faded. Once it was gone, Sam announced, “They’re back.”
Castiel was quiet for a long minute, staring straight ahead. They drove for another two blocks before he said abruptly, “I’m quitting.”
Knowing it was a failed endeavor to convince him otherwise, Castiel took a seat at the table. Considering their relationship had started with Dean poking at him and trying to seduce him, he thoroughly enjoyed being able to return the favor. Sometimes in a more overt fashion, but more often than not all it took was little things like this to get Dean flustered while he himself had become nearly immune to such things. It had done wonders for his control, being his mate’s constant target.
Castiel growled, rounding on his mother, blue fire flaring in his eyes. More flared at his fingertips, his hackles going up as Dean hesitated a few steps away.
“Are they aware of me in the sense you could tell them the truth about the magical snowman?”
“They can’t help me with this. No one can. I’m on my own.”
“It’s the internet, the ideas were already there. If they’re given a conduit perhaps you won’t be bombarded with so many unpleasant requests. Frankly I don’t mind answering some of the ones I saw- “
Whimpering needily, Castiel arched his body up against the Alpha's, rising his hips to grind against his crotch. It was an honest shock when he felt how hard this human was. He would have thought it impossible to ignore such arousal for anything, much less pointless tenderness.
Sam grimaced at that. “Yeah, I remember. Try not to piss ‘em off, will you? They might get you more than ten years.”
“Uh, thanks?”
It took a bit of contorting, but he managed to get a glimpse of his own twisting back in the mirror. Dean squinted, rubbed watering eyes, then made himself stare through scorching light at where that painful burning persisted. Right then he was very sure he was fully awake, hit by both relief and dismay as he recognized what was happening to him. Deciding to celebrate his revelation later, Dean bent one arm around to try touching one of the raw red welts marking his skin. Two of them had formed just inside each shoulder blade, stretching from where each began on down to the middle of his back. Angry, red things with nubs starting to protrude. The burning sensation wasn’t easing up, if anything it was intensifying.
“Dean left the wards,” he admitted slowly.
At least they didn’t ask him about Claire. Right now their youngest sibling was trying for the whole quasi-normal thing. They all spent the obligatory time in one Haven or another to keep their immortality up, but college hadn’t set well with Samandriel, and Charlie had barely stayed long enough for her tech degree. Balthazar had flunked out in his first year. Claire was somehow managing to maintain a decent GPA while also working on her magic, taking advantage of every study abroad program she could. Any opportunity to get access to alternate magic techniques. And if Balthazar arranged to spend time in the same city as their baby sister to make sure she got into trouble properly, Samandriel wouldn’t be the one to tell their parents if they didn’t already know.
“Fine. I think your favorite food is the ham, or the sweet potato casserole, but I could be wrong.”
By this point Castiel had turned, his own eyes widening at the sight of Dean storming in, Gabriel and Charlie right behind him. “Dean, what are you- “
“Not completely. I like being able to hang out with family. I just couldn’t tell them I only liked being able to hang out with certain family. You’re the same way.”
The thing with soulmarks was that everyone had one. Everyone. Human, vampire, demon, djinn, mer, other, it didn’t matter. Once a person turned thirteen, a mark would appear on their inner left forearm. If they had no left forearm, it would appear elsewhere, but it did still appear. A mark that would never go away, a mark that was always there. In each case it was the name of your soulmate written in their own hand in their native tongue. Once upon a time it had often been printed in iron gall ink, etched with a quill pen, or whatever the current writing method happened to be. Now it was more often scrawled in pen or pencil, with few exceptions.
"Hey, on my way back to town. What time do you get off?"
It was slow going, lugging two Betas, but they made it back to civilization by nightfall. Frankly Castiel was pleased with the results as a whole, for all it took forever for his toes to defrost. They weren't even scratched up that bad.
Castiel didn’t bother asking why Dean was giving in. It was his habit, and it was the nature of his work. Part of why Dean was so good at his job was because he listened to his viewers. Much to Castiel’s dismay, word had gotten around that not only was Dean not single and ready to mingle, he was married. To another man, no less. He’d managed to lose followers then gain nearly double that amount overnight at the revelation of his non-heterosexuality. While he still refused to talk about it Dean was, in truth, a confirmed bisexual. He’d had more female partners over the years than male ones, but it just happened to be a man he’d fallen in love with. Castiel has had a feeling he’d be caving to the demands as to their relationship and the story behind it soon enough, but apparently the requests were already mounting. And Dean endeavored to never disappoint his viewers.
“The last time I told you, you refused to eat it.”
When they got home he would call Gabriel. Maybe his cousin and Sam could get somewhere before the Fall semester started. Dean was happy, as happy as a hunter could be. Sam deserved that too, and if he had to give things a little nudge Castiel would gladly provide it.
"Why do you go there, then?"
“I wouldn’t say perfect grammar,” Dean admitted. “But you like to use every shorthand in the book.”
Enjoy!
His brother spared a brief glance for his hunched spine, then quipped, “A little blood?”
“There may or may not be an additional party added, and none of us could achieve any form of resolution without incurring harm.”
“You can see those all the time?” he asked at last.
“What got changed?”
“You’ll see.”
Whatever they said after that Dean had no idea. His ears were ringing too much, his vision temporarily going blank. He could feel himself swaying in his chair, his bloody fingers slipping when he tried to grab the arm.
"Starving. You know you didn't have to make anything, right?" he asked, stowing the jacket in a small closet.
Castiel smiled fondly, sipping his coffee and patting Dean’s shoulder. His husband was beaming broadly, practically giddy. Turning back to the camera he stated solemnly, “Yes, he is very excited.” Excited enough to bribe him with his favorite meal followed by some truly thorough lovemaking.
“Good?” he gasped when he pulled away.
"That's alright, Dean-o. I'm in no hurry." He wandered a few steps closer, circling around, not bothering to hide the fact he was looking the human up and down. "But I'd be more interest in a few minutes of your time."
“Why’re you helping me?”
He sped up to a trot, Dean bounding ahead and dropping to a crouch next to the figure mere seconds before him. The beacon died as his Alpha pulled Gabriel into a sitting position, and Castiel dropped to his knees in the wet ground, dismay turning his veins icy before rage set in.
Dean was quiet for a long minute, then slowly swung his legs over the bed’s edge. “I’ll hear him out. If I don’t like what he has to say, I’ll kick his ass out.”
“What about the unknown?”
Dean finally turned away from the shelves to frown at his husband. “You don’t know that.”
tell me to relax.”
Dean eventually found he didn’t care much, dully watching a few episodes of The Wire before sluggishly dragging himself back to the floor. He had a feeling TV wouldn’t be very effective anymore, so he went around and gathered some notebooks, pens, his computer, and the book Sam had given him. He scrubbed his face wearily, opening up the spreadsheet he used to keep track of what texts he’d already been through. Sam’s idea, actually, but Dean had taken pains to make sure he didn’t know he’d gone through with it. Not after he’d made such a show of scoffing and mocking the idea. In his defense, that was back when he’d only had a few dozen texts to keep up with. Back when he’d had no idea just how difficult the quest he’d set out on would be.
When he was done Castiel continued whispering charms on a loop, picking up the necklace. He unwound the string, dangling the idol and slowly lowering it into his potion. It shimmered and glowed as he dunked it, letting it rest for a few seconds before easing it back out again. Initially the idol glowed gold, throwing off sparks, but then the glow died. Even if you were a magic-worker you’d have to probe it directly to tell it was spelled.
When he was let up for air, Castiel asked, “I thought I smelled like smog.”
"Because he's unable to respond in that fashion, and telepathic invasion is considered rude to humans."
special episode. I have with me today my awesome husband Castiel. Yeah, you heard right, husband.” He held up his left hand, wiggling his fingers to display his wedding band while his free hand held up Castiel’s wrist to show his matching silver band. Then he dropped both their hands and turned to the other man and coaxed, “Say hi, Cas.”
The third wave of agony had his spine arching backward like a bow, and he no longer had the energy to contain a scream. Something was growing from his back, thrusting out of his skin, two somethings. His hands went white knuckled on porcelain, and when he was able to get his own back to straighten out it was just to heave again. By now there wasn’t much left, just bile working its way from his throat.
"Is this why you've been texting me instead of calling me?" Dean asked, slowly coming nearer to his mate. Castiel got the sense it was more of a stalking approach than a friendly one.
“Did that first video
“Why did you make this one of the questions if your first impression of me was questionable?”
“You’re out here.”
“So I can do this.”
His legs buckled, and Dean gently rolled him onto his side once the orgasm had ridden its course. Castiel’s eyes fluttered closed, but he did open them a crack when Dean tugged his jaw down, opening his mouth and sliding fingers in. It took a moment, but he realized his own cum was on them, which he obediently sucked off. Dean repeated this twice more, cleaning up the cum and sliding it into his mouth.
It was hardly a confession like the human movies, or like the ones in their romance novels. But this was Dean. For him, it was as romantic as he got verbally. What’s more, it was genuine.
College acceptance papers. Dean hadn't even known Sam had applied, much less got in. To add salt to the wound, the logo in the corner belonged to Stanford University. A full ride to Stanford University. He'd known Sam had done really well in school, but he hadn't known about this.
Castiel corrected.
The Omega turned off their TV, putting both feet on the floor and pulling over his crutch. “What’s that supposed to mean? Some junkie and a drunk try to duke it out in the parking lot again?”
“What did they have you play?”
“You’re harboring a Demon you should have ganked when you had the chance.”
“You, uh, know Baby’s trunk space ain’t infinite, right?”
“Why do you care?” he bit out.
“Yeah. I’m just glad we didn’t have to fumigate after that. We did have to call an exterminator.”
“You haven’t told him yet?”
“No! Damn it fuck me already you stubborn son of a- ouch!”
He was startled to see tears in his mate's eyes. "Please ask your father."
“You know, you really should buy me dinner first.”
“It is. Actually it’s a tie, between Home Alone and Arthur Christmas. Yours is Die Hard.”
Castiel blushed, devoting all his attention to getting across the rocks. “I, um, spoke extensively with your mother.”
Curious, he waited for Dean to come over, watching his half-folded wings. Unlike theirs, demonic wings were spans of flesh stretched between bone-like appendages. He’d considered them intriguing, and less messy, for all most Angels wrote them off as disgusting. At least Demons didn’t molt every decade.
“And you watch shows way more than I do.”
“You should get some of that shampoo, it might help too.”
“Why?”
Absently healing the wound, Castiel began to drizzle the ‘fresh blood of the afflicted’ into his brew, reciting the spell. There wasn’t a glow or a flash, but then there wasn’t always. Funny enough, with the more potent potions there was less to indicate they were just that.
“You’re not saying that to spare my feelings?”
“I don’t know,” Dean groaned. “I didn’t have that many lines, but I wanted to be on the stage crew. I specifically said I didn’t want the part. There were plenty of other kids to choose from, but
“Well, probably not anymore. I think half of Hell sided with Alistair in the whole “let’s gank Dean” agenda.”
While it was satisfying, seeing the look on Gina’s face as it finally hit home, it was never as satisfying than one would think. “I…I’m sorry. I just thought…”
Castiel waited patiently, fiddling with one of the weeds still in his hands. Words weren’t exactly Dean’s strong suit. He’d speak up when he could string them together in what he deemed to be a sufficient fashion.
“Yeah. Just don’t go around telling everybody.”
It hadn’t taken Dean long to decide he needed to make some adjustments to his work strategy. He still went on hunts, but only sometimes. Most of those he did take were less than a week’s ride away, and among the less dangerous variety. Always for pay, be it in coin or for food. He had a growing family to feed, after all, and kits ate more than pups.
When his heart began to sink, going tight, Dean sighed.
The Alpha jerked around, staring at him with eyes flecked in Alpha red. “Seriously, Cas?”
“What? What’s wrong?”
“He finally caught it in a pot, then let it out outside.”
The look of utter relief on Dean’s face confirmed he’d guessed right. It was followed by a solid blush that actually started to blot out his freckles. “Oh, you…I mean I kinda guessed since I’m used to Angels being like robots but…” He cleared his throat, “Okay, awesome.”
“It’s fine, don’t worry about it. Thanks for looking.”
The Alpha was slowly closing his car door, looking thoroughly confused. “Sorry, uh, who are you? Dean didn’t mention he was seeing someone.”
“Sam,” the Alpha corrected wearily.
He let his power peek through, blue fire flaring in his eyes, Dean's own eyes widening.
"That's fine, don't worry about it. Just...let them know I'm in town. I'm over at the Cloverleaf motel, room eight." He fished around in a pocket, taking out a motel key and pushing it across the table.
"Pagan god?"
“I’d put it on my desk. All I’ve had for years is that pumpkin you keep reminding me is looking tired.”
Castiel couldn’t help but smile at that. “You’re sure you won’t tire of me by then?”
“Awesome.” He tangled a hand in Castiel’s shirt, backing up, shuffling across the main room.
Dean was quiet for a long minute. Castiel waited patiently, sitting back to sip what little remained of his coffee. He did keep an eye on John, who appeared to be a bit more on edge, watching his son with what looked very much like anxiety.
Castiel chose to ignore him, in spite of the black eyes pricking instincts honed after centuries of battle experience. It was harder to ignore them than the Demon, though he tried not to show it. He slid the boxes out of Dean’s reach, saying, “I was checking your condition. If you can’t handle a poke you really shouldn’t be up and about more than you have to be. I’d appreciate some common courtesy if I’m to continue feeding you, especially at this quantity.”
Dean cleared his throat. “Yeah. Sorry. Uh, so we kept ‘dating’, only now I called it dating. When school let out for the summer I asked him to take a road trip with me, thought it’d be a good bonding experience. The plan was we’d go see Sammy in Palo Alto, since he was taking some summer classes after freshman year. Figured we’d hit a few highlights along the way, maybe spend a few days in Vegas.”
“That’s your excuse for leaving me with those gorilla-wolves?”
“They’re still sore. Maybe later.” At least he had the sense to ask first. An assortment of traits were something of a fascination to humans, wings among them. Some had a habit of touching without asking first, which was very rude. Now that he had a set of his own, Dean could see why.
“Yeah, but you have the power there. It only half counts.”
“When it’s just us he does something in a crockpot. Simple, easy to reheat. We just try to relax and spend time together.” It was part of why they’d both been harried, they were trying to get everything tended so they could do just that. Dean’s ingredients were at home, ready to go when they got back, despite the fact Hanna always sent home leftovers. There was an empty cooler in the Impala’s trunk for just that.
“Yeah, right. Uh, ‘Do you know each other’s favorite costumes? What are your actual favorites?’”
The Demon barked a laugh, then coughed, red liquid staining his lips. “Battle. I wish.”
“What?”
“On what grounds?”
“I told you, Mother. Perhaps it is the hormones. Perhaps it is the fact I am damned regardless of what I do at this point. But I am tired of catering to your fragile ego and archaic ideals. There will be no convincing you you’re wrong, so please pass your sentence so we can be on our way.”
“We weren’t aware there were lots of bugs that had also come in with the tree,” Castiel sighed. “We didn’t notice for a while. The night before we were supposed to drive to my family, I was getting everything together so we could just grab things and go in the morning. There were insects and spiders all over the presents. I had to rewrap everything. Very unpleasant.”
“This has gotta simmer for a few minutes, then it’ll be good to eat.”
"What the hell happened in Charleston?" the Alpha growled. "More secrets?"
Castiel frowned, going over the list. Most was food related, as before. Then he reached the last item. “Do I need to go to an automotive store?”
“David Yeager,” they said in perfect unison.
“They’ll be fine, Sam. Come on in. You tell Bobby or Ellen you’re back yet?”
"No," Castiel admitted. "And it was effective, I will admit. No one has bullied him since."
“Hey, Dean.”
Dean took this as an affirmative, and proceeded to lower himself down. Castiel’s breath caught, eyes going wide, hands clamping down over Dean’s hips as tight heat began to close over his cock. First it was just the tip, then more and more, working its way down.
“I wanted to talk, son. It’s, uh, it’s been a long time.”
A wide smile spread across his face.
Castiel very much placed blame for the fact that he actually looked squarely on this baffling Demon’s kiss. Not excessively, he had his pride, but subtly, usually when Dean wasn’t looking back. Considering how much he ate the Demon was still in as good a shape as he’d been before, and now that his wounds were reduced to red welts, his torso was quite pleasing to the eye. Maybe the light tone of muscle wouldn’t have been so intriguing, but Castiel hadn’t noticed before that his freckles extended down over his chest. Which was already a very nice chest to begin with.
“’What are your favorite parts about Halloween?’”
Only one thing stood between him and that escape hatch. Funny enough, it was the same thing that guaranteed his way out.
“Where’s the patterns?” Dean muttered, squinting at the other wing. “How come they’re solid?”
The snowman’s base was the size of an exercise ball when they were done, Samandriel helping to pack on handfuls of snow for a somewhat lopsided effect. The middle section was beachball sized, and a bit more rounded. Dean had sent Samandriel to find suitable arms, then gone to fetch coal from the shed. He even had a carrot in the fridge for a nose.
“I don’t see why not.”
Banishment was considered the strongest punishment handed down, even by law enforcers. Executions were saved for the truly depraved of their kind, considered unfit to unleash even upon humans. He’d been five years old when the last one had been done. The will-o’-the-wisp in question had had an illness of the mind. They’d thought her three younglings had died of natural causes, which while sad did happen at times. She’d been caught smothering the third in their crib. They would have just banished her too, but it had been decided she might continue to breed and kill, or just kill younglings indiscriminately. Even human pups didn’t deserve such a fate.
Castiel lifted his head to glare at him. “You’re no better. And all I did was suggest that he make sure whoever he drags into orgies are unattached. He wouldn’t have to run around so much otherwise.”
“Yeah, and some people have problems with people like me. I don’t mind it when people are like your classmates. It’s…innocent. They don’t do it to be mean, they’re just curious. But if they’re doing stuff like that to be mean, or because they think they’re better, that’s not nice.”
“I know my mother. Her maternal instincts are minimal. Gabriel has been dancing the line between son and disowned disgrace since he learned to speak full sentences. I have only been spared this long because it was easier to keep my mouth shut and avoid her than deal with constant conflict. I’ve simply reached the point where I’m no longer willing to endure her. I’m sorry.”
the weekend. This apparently entailed gray sweatpants and an old S.C.U. t-shirt he would normally wear around the house.
“Yes, but we didn’t let it escalate. Spending some time with Sam was nice too. I’d never met him before then.”
For those who don’t know, Yakitori is basically chicken kabobs over a charcoal fire.
Even as he’d been pelted with curses and smacked repeatedly with a fist Castiel had held him, waiting until the tears had stopped to hold him at arm’s length. Fingers tipped in black polish had brushed away the wet streaks, resettled his glasses, and grasped his shoulders. He’d asked numerous firm if gentle questions after that, if there was anyone he could go to, could he get away before John came home, did he need any help getting his things together.
“I don’t believe you did, otherwise I would have gotten it.”
"Where's Sam? This one's new."
finding him first?”
“My what?” He grunted as Castiel nicked his arm, drawing a line of blood long enough to get some into his palm.
If he hadn’t been looking Benny would have missed it. The pain in the angel’s eyes. It was brief, but unmistakable.
"A multitude of things. Including patients with invasive questions."
“Wait, wait, you invested in Apple?”
Castiel withdrew his tongue, pulling up to raise his eyebrows at the Omega over the cock he was still stroking. “Jimmy?” he repeated.
“Didn’t you pack some Ding-Dong’s? I think we could both use some Ding-Dong’s.”
Shout out to Karategrl80! (I’m assuming you were able to escape the SPN fan mob with your life. Optimistic, I know.)
Trying to ignore the irritation that sparked at the 'one stupid Alpha' comment, Castiel stated, "Dean."
“Good balance. I’ve seen some Angels throw these things. Can you do that?”
Dean smiled sheepishly, setting aside his plate and getting to his feet. He scrubbed his hands down, then took his backpack into what the apartment floorplans meant to be a second bedroom. Charlie and Gilda had turned it into their tech room, each of them with their own computer setup. A table pushed along one wall functioned as a workspace, roles of plastic, boxes of latex gloves, and a humming document scanner neatly arranged and waiting.
He left before Dean could press the matter. Let him think it was as punishment, and not a request. Let him think Castiel had stuck his nose out of line, pissed off a higher up, instead of being a good little soldier all his career.
The sound that left Castiel’s mouth was one he hoped would never be heard by anyone else, an odd vocalization somewhere between a squawk and a whimper. His face went hot when Dean barked a chuckle, but the Demon did pause to lean up, kissing the tip of his nose in an oddly tender gesture. Castiel found he could only blink stupidly up at him.
Dean ordered some food, tugging off his gloves and helping himself to the tankard of beer the man had plunked on the bar. Depending on the Slayer and the beast of choice they might actually demand a certain amount of money. Some even refused the job if the town couldn't pay. Dean usually just asked for a room and some food, a few tankards of whatever liquor they had on hand. His father did the same, as had his brother before Sam had decided law was more his speed. It was one of many reasons the Winchesters were among the more popular Slayers. They'd take care of the monster problem even if you couldn't pay, even if you couldn't scrape together a decent meal. Dean loved his job, the free room and meals were perks. Not to mention it was an added draw to appreciative local Omegas, they seemed to like the 'humble' thing and were always very enthusiastic when expressing their appreciation.
When Dean finally stopped, he was seated firmly atop the Angel’s cock, panting, swollen lips parted, eyes fully dilated. Then that pretty mouth tugged up in a smile as unsteady fingers reached up to stroke his cheek. He didn’t even think about it, but Dean didn’t seem to mind.
“Uh, ‘How long have you been married?’. Eight years. It will be nine in September.”
Huffing, Castiel regarded the list. “’What’s the best Christmas gift you’ve ever gotten?’”
These days Bobby and Ellen still lived in South Dakota, where he ran 'Singer’s Auto' and Ellen ran a bar. Sam was going to Stanford in California, with aspirations of becoming a lawyer. If Dean's bragging was any indication, this was fully possible. Jo, seated neatly in the middle of the brother's four year age gap, was one year away from finishing a business degree in her pursuit of running her own business. What kind of business she didn't know, but she was as stubborn as her adoptive brother.
Sometimes he wondered, but never enough to experiment. As he lay beneath his cherished mate, intertwined still, fresh cum cooling inside him and between them, Castiel decided he had to be the happiest dragon in the world. To hell with convention, to hell with tradition, this was his life and never would he wish for anything else.
Generally Castiel’s preferences were simple. He liked PB&J’s and burgers and macaroni-and-cheese. That’s not to say he didn’t like Dean’s concoctions in the kitchen, but his tastes were hardly complex. There were very few exceptions to this. Among them were the handmade pasta Dean had experimented with five years ago. Castiel absolutely loved it, especially in the mushroom sauce, but it took half an age to make and it was hardly the cheapest recipe in Dean’s repertoire, so it didn’t get made often.
His trench coat pooled on the floor as it was pushed off his shoulders and slid from his wings. Realizing what Dean was doing, Castiel eagerly grabbed the hem of his t-shirt and pulled it upward. The Demon was grinning as he helped get it over his head, shucking the fabric from his own wings. Worried he’d just rip it open, Castiel used the opportunity to briskly unbutton his own shirt.
When it seemed the human wouldn't make an immediate move after a few minutes Castiel hesitantly opened his mouth, choosing to take the first step. For the first time, he spoke to the Alpha. "Hello, Dean."
"Are you mad?"
Charlie ran all the way to the gate, stopping to pant for a moment before she squeezed her eyes shut and took her fiery form. She went straight up, until she had a bird’s eye view before turning her gaze west. She couldn’t move quite as fast as Balthazar, but she was still far faster than any bird or car. Unfortunately Balthazar had been right, neither of them had the reserves to make a round trip without a long respite between trips, and/or an adult to tap.
The Alpha pulled back, going over to their hearth. He sank into one of the two comfortable carved chairs with a sigh, pulling the stopper from a bottle of whisky and pouring some into a glass. Castiel kept one eye on him as he toed out of his boots, setting them neatly aside. He took off his clothes as ordered, one article at a time, folding them with care and placing them on the clothes trunk.
Castiel left early, knowing they wouldn't go straight to Dean's home. This
he murmured quietly rather than protest.
“Fine. I’ll skip the car wash. See you at home?”
Dean glanced at him sidelong. “Ecosystem?”
He was surprised to find himself swept up by the waist and spun in a circle by his beaming mate. “That’s awesome! My kids are gonna be dragons.”
“No, of course not,” Dean hurridly assured him. When this earned him a dubiously cocked eyebrow, he added, “Didn’t Mom throw in Christmas cookies? Have a Christmas cookie while we start with the first question.”
“Yes, I’m always happy to see you.”
After a moment’s consideration Castiel decided, “eight, but they don’t bloom all at once. I’m thinking about adding lilacs.”
“They don’t bother targeting or tracking just anyone, you know. I’ll bet you have a file, what with you being a Seraph and all.”
Castiel might have commented, or offered a greeting, but he was struggling to breathe as his cousin threw both arms around his neck in a full hug. After a moment he returned the embrace, resting his cheek on the shorter Omega's shoulder, eyes misting a little as the familiar scent washed over him.
A pained look crossed John’s face. “Since always. I just never sacked up enough to tell you until now. Look, Dean, I…I can’t undo what I did. That day or before. I wish I could, but I can’t. So I’m trying to patch things up as best I can, if you’ll let me.”
That got a brief smile from the Alpha. "It's an old Cadillac that gets crappy mileage and would live through a tornado, but if it clanks wrong she freaks. She's eighty-nine but her sight's good so they haven't taken away her license yet."
“Yes. Tessa has offered to take over the care of my bees. She will be alleviating a concern.”
It was still a mystery to Dean, just how and when Castiel had tracked him down at Bobby’s. But when John had shown up, drunk and pissed as hell on the other Alpha’s doorstep, his rantings had fallen abruptly silent as Sam had called the police. When Bobby and Dean had ventured out, armed with shotguns, they’d found quite a scene among the shells of wrecked cars. Squarely beneath a tall streetlight, twisting the older Alpha’s arm behind his back and pinning him firmly to the ground, was Castiel. Even as Dean had watched the arm was given a jerk, his father howling as it popped from its socket. He’d taken a lurching step forward, only to get held back by Bobby. Only then had he recognized the scene for what it was: a battle for dominance.
