Tony burst into fireworks, and when the flashes of colour and light disappeared he was flat on his back on the stone floor of the cell, shaking with bone-deep cold instead of pleasure. He couldn’t help wishing he could stay in the fantasies just a little bit longer.
That had Tony smiling. "Somehow, I doubt it…" He grabbed a handful of bills and held them out to the man. "Thanks. I have some important shit in here. It would have been a nightmare to replace it all."
James Buchanan Barnes was standing in the kitchen, dirty pans, bowls, and spatulas dotting the countertops, completely covered, head to foot, in flour.
This was not what Steve had expected when he’d joined the Space Rangers. The recruitment posters had all been about solving Plinium robberies and checking haul papers. But as he and his partner, Tony, approached the abandoned-looking ship that had been called in as suspicious, his heart was in his throat. There was an ominous quietness about it that pumped hot adrenaline through his veins.
“It’s okay, you’re fine.” But Steve could see the way he shifted and squirmed and the pinch to the corners of his eyes.
He reached the end of the hallway and made to open the door, but a small package at his feet caught his eye. It was a little bundle, no bigger than a book, wrapped messily in plain, brown packing paper. He had a brief moment of concern that it might be sinister but there hadn’t been any security alerts and he trusted the tower’s safety implicitly. He picked it up and unfolded the paper.
Iron Man stepped forward then fell to his knees in front of Steve, hands reached out to grab Steve’s shoulders, and Steve realized he’d slipped back down the wall to the floor. “Steve?”
“You asshole!” Bucky got his hand around Steve’s wrist and shoved the icing bag towards his face, making Steve screech and squirm under him. They wrestled, the icing bag slowly emptying over the two of them, then fell into licking it off each other before tumbling into the bathroom to wipe clean. Bucky’s nose remained blue, even after a lot of scrubbing with a washcloth, but Steve distracted him with increasingly heated kisses, followed by a promise to let him try out the flower tips next.
Subject TS-616 exhibits increased activity in the amygdala when transported, notably a release of the neurotransmitter glutamate in high quantities. Subject exhibits fear behaviour as noted in other Earth-subjects. This study aims to inspect the processes necessary to induce the production of dopamine, serotonin, vasopressin, and oxytocin in the subject. The study will also measure the changes in levels of these hormones when a second subject is introduced.
It was always the same for them. After they fell into bed together - after the touches and the kisses, and the laughter, and the pleasure - Tony wanted a glass of wine and the TV, Steve wanted a quick jog on the treadmill downstairs, and Bucky wanted to curl up with his book. Soon, Steve would come back up and they’d all three crawl into bed again, this time with sleep on their minds instead of other things.
“I don’t care.” Tony started walking backwards towards the nest, pulling Steve along with him. “We’re young, we’ll survive. Plus, you only get to be first time homeowners once.”
Steve had started the tradition shortly after everyone had moved into the tower. Tony had never quite gotten a straight answer out of him as to why it was so important, but it clearly was. Steve had tipped headfirst into holidays at the tower, and the whole team was happy to indulge him. This particular one, however, made Tony squirm a bit. He didn’t mind being the life of someone else’s party, but ones revolving around him were the kind he rarely showed up for.
When Tony’s heart stuttered to a stop, Steve broke free, choking out a sob. That was the last time he’d hear that dear sound. He lifted his own wrist to his mouth and ripped a chunk out of his forearm, letting it bleed freely for a moment before pressing the mess to Tony’s lips.
In the tower, Tony and Steve whispered to each lowly, sitting close together. Steve winced as Tony treated his wounds, but Tony’s fingers on his skin made the pain worth it. “Thank you,” he said, when Tony was finished.
“So where are you headed?” Steve asked, sneaking another look as Tony unzipped his jacket and exposed a dark blue fitted sweater over an undeniably shapely chest.
But Tony’s soulmark was burning now, a boiling heat in contrast to the biting ice around them. He shuffled across the empty space between them and wrapped his arms around Steve’s shoulders. Steve hated PDA, but there was no one here to judge them. “Remember when we first met?”
"Oh, no, I'm fine." Steve spread his hand across his chest. "Totally fine. I didn't - I mean I didn't come here to ask you for anything. I just figured it wasn't fair for you not to know. And I'm planning on keeping it, but since you're half the donation, here, and you have rights. I just really wanted you to know."
Steve rolled the styrofoam cup nervously between his fingers, still clutching the sharpie in the other hand. He shrugged, trying to pass it off as nothing. “You come in every day. I have a good memory.”
“I can feel the way my heart skips a beat when you laugh at my jokes. I can feel how easy you make it for me to get up and fight even when I’m exhausted. I can feel your hands, but not on my throat, Tony. I can feel the way you touched me before you kissed me, before all this happened. That’s what I remember - that one moment. I want that. I wanted it then, but… And now it seems like you don’t want me anymore. I just need to know if -”
Tony chuckled. “I’m not a hooker, just horny. And I like sucking cock. You look like you have a really nice cock, Steve.”
Tony fiddled with his cufflinks again. They were tiny circles of bright blue sapphire, encased in a web of white gold. A gift from his mother. He had a matching pair in a case that was currently digging into his thigh, the hard corners ruining the line of his pants. He tugged the case out, opened it, then closed it again and put it back in his pocket.
“What the fuck, dude?! I’m not letting you cheat on your boyfriend with me. Holy shit. I can’t believe you’d do that.” Tony’s peddled back on his stool until there was a solid few feet between them. God, it was everything he’d ever wanted and in the worst way possible.
Tony pushed the triage nurse out of the way and tripped across the floor, tugging his stethoscope from around his neck. The man held his boy out desperately towards him. The boy was three or four, barely conscious, a blue tinge to the edges of his lips. His chest heaved with the effort of trying to take unsuccessful breaths.
Steve's eyes were just drifting shut, the call of a nap on this lazy Sunday afternoon too strong to resist, when a soft strain of music wafted through the door, as if carried in on a slight breeze.
Tony sighs. “I can’t, not really. But if science works the way I think it does, you’ll understand one day. Let’s just say… I’m from out of town. And the clothes thing wasn’t my idea.”
The wedding reception still raged on down the street, but Tony had slipped out early, feeling the thudding of his heart low in his core. This was going to suck. A lot. But he had no choice.
"Don't be sorry, Tony," Steve said. "It's okay." He cut off with a gasp as the creatures started moving Steve closer until their bodies were a scant few inches apart. Steve loomed over Tony, their height difference maintained even with the tentacles supporting their weight.
Tony's legs clamped around Steve's hips as the creature thrust Steve deep into him over and over, the tentacle in his own ass finding his prostate and torturing it relentlessly. The tentacle around his cock stayed there, pulsing around him with every thrust, curling around inside Tony in a way that must have been driving him crazy.
Nat threw some messages in their Avengers group chat then spread out on the couch again, her phone resting on her stomach where she’d feel it buzz right away. She picked up her book. Once she’d finished it, she’d go check the nursery with Clint, send those dumb boys a picture to remind them that everything was ready, everything was perfect. They were going to be wonderful parents.
Tony was already on the couch, so he brought both over - Tony’s with milk and his with sugar - and settled beside him. Tony shuffled closer until they were pressed side by side, sitting quietly in the dark.
“Oh no, I want to. It’s just, like, you know that moment when you’re about to jump out of a plane and you wish…”
Steve stared down at Tony’s curled up body in his lap. The snow packed around him had stopped helping when his body had stopped producing its own heat, and that was long enough ago that Steve was counting the spaces between his heartbeats, now.
Tony turned around in front of the mirror, eyes fixed on himself. “So weird.” Then he turned to Steve. “So what do you think?”
“I don’t want to fight you,” Tony managed. He clenched his fist and watched the Iron Man armour ripple up under his skin to form like metal over his hand.
"Shit. I -" Tony squeezed his legs together as a hot rush of fresh arousal washed through him. His cock twitched to life. How was that even
Steve snuggled down deeper in his squishy armchair, tugging the polar fleece blanket back in place when it slipped off his feet. A fire crackled in the fireplace at his side, warming him from tip to toe, and outside the window, Steve could see nothing but a vast field of white, ending with white-topped evergreen trees that lined the lane to the compound.
Tony lifted his hands again and turned them back and forth. “These haven’t aged well. Too much use. And, god, I’m just a mess of scars. Barely any me left under there.”
"[Spanish] He's just so strong and handsome and smart… I have this idea that if we ever met, I'd show him how smart I am and maybe he'd like me."
Tony honest to god moaned, throat vibrating and rumbling, and Steve went off like a rocket, flooding his mouth with hot come.
Tony’s lips are cool, but Steve warms them quickly with his own. Tony blooms against him, the puppy pressed tightly between their chests. Steve traces the edge of Tony’s lips with his tongue, cataloging that too and the soft noise of surprise it startles out of Tony’s throat. A throat Steve wants to kiss, taste, nip as well, but that would involve moving away from Tony’s mouth, and - well -
And after three and a half weeks of watching Steve want someone else, thinking he was alone in this, that was the most wonderful thing Tony could ever have imagined hearing. “Well, sweetheart? I am
Brock took another step backwards, but he shot a look to Justin and they both sneered. “Whatever. I still don’t believe he didn’t have to pay you. Now you’re just, what? His bodyguard? Fucking rich kids.”
The argument about where the lost puppy is going to end up is not the most important thing on Steve’s mind - though perhaps it should be, since his apartment was offered up as one of the options - because staring at Tony, dirty, tired, angry, and holding a tiny, startled beagle in his arms (that may or may not be the victim of a magic spell) has made Steve realize that he’s in love with him.
Steve wondered if the man had a wife at home, children waiting for him. He wondered if he came home on pay day with his pockets lighter than they should be, drunk and senseless, smelling like someone else's perfume.
And what would be the point anyway? Steve already had a family, clearly hadn’t been waiting for Tony to show up. All he’d be doing would be interrupting, breaking up happiness, making things awkward for everyone. Maybe it was all for the best that he knew and Steve didn’t. He’d leave him to his happy family.
Steve reached out and wrapped his arm around Tony's shoulders, pulling him in and pressing his lips to his temple.
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
to get married but my parents don’t really get me. So I was afraid they’d pick someone like them instead of like me. And I wanted my partner to… well… like me. So, uh, if you think maybe someday you can learn to like me….”
Steve’s heart started pounding when he realized he had absolutely no justification for dragging this out any longer and he pulled back with a sigh. He saw the moment Tony clicked it all into place, eyes flicking back and forth between Steve’s, still near dead weight in his arms. His mouth fell open in a small “o” and his eyes went wider and wider as Steve felt six months of feelings pour out of his expression, unstemmable.
“That’s what I said.” Rhodey’s voice coming out of the phone on the coffee table made them both startle.
see, until now, when two figures came bursting out of the big bay doors and started stomping through the pristine snow. Steve set his book aside and leaned back in his chair to watch.
“Honey, I love you, you know I do, and I think you’re gorgeous and incredible and perfect every day, but when you’re like this -”
Steve put a flat palm over his forehead. He was still burning up. “Tony you have to take your medication.”
And not many people knew, either. Tony was so used to jet-lag, so used to all-nighters and multi-all-nighters, and what-is-nighttime-anyway-ers that he could tell exactly the moment that he needed to apply caffeine to prevent a total crash. He could also fall asleep anywhere and wake up - fully and completely - at exactly the moment he wanted to, without an alarm.
"Hey." Steve's hips still rocked back and forth, guided by the creatures, but it was slow and easy and not quite building to something yet. "You okay?"
JARVIS reviewed the information for a third time. "One hour and thirteen minutes of video and audio logs from seven forty-two P.M. to eight fifty-five P.M., two days ago."
Tony was silent for a long time then his eyes flicked up to meet Steve's. "I… someone died," he said quietly. "He wasn't my dad, but in some ways he was more a dad to me than my real dad. He raised me, mostly. I wanted to go home for the funeral but my actual dad said my studies were more important."
“Yes, yeah of course it’s me. Steve? You’ve been gone for a week. We traced you here, along with Loki’s scepter and attacked the base. What happened?”
Bucky bumped their shoulders together, and Steve let out a long, slow breath. Bucky didn't have to say anything for Steve to get his point. They'd lived together for a reason, ever since Steve's ma died. Because they were best friends, had been for over a decade, and there was no one else Steve wanted to share his space with. But if he was so tied up in his own shit that he was a terrible friend and a terrible roommate, Buck was better off paying for half the space on his own. He and Buck had each been the strong one for the other more than once, and right now if he couldn't make money, at least he could stop being a jerk who was making Bucky's life worse in other ways.
Tony resisted the urge to lean up against the glass. He felt drawn to Steve like a magnet. But either Steve hadn’t felt it, or with the pain and fear for his son, it had been drowned out. What if that moment of first contact was their only chance to bond and they’d missed it? Tony had never heard of soulmates missing their chance, but, he supposed, if they didn’t know they had, how would anyone ever talk about it?
“Iron Man! I need extraction!” Clint called, and Tony fired off again, swooping through the sky. JARVIS muted his mic so he could spill forth a volley of curses that would make even Fury blush.
Tony let his eyes fall closed as he sunk into the sensation. Steve had Tony pinned down with one hand fisted tightly in the hoodie, right over Tony’s hip. His other hand slipped between his legs to rub slick fingers around the edge of his hole. Tony felt his body open up, welcoming Steve in, and Steve slid one finger inside until the edge of his glove pressed roughly against his rim. “Fuck.” He writhed, but Steve’s hold was tight and the pressure from his mouth was intense, so Tony was forced to suck air in between his teeth and keep still. He lifted his arms and folded them over his face, the too-long sleeves of the hoodie flopping over his hands.
Tony's stomach dropped with disappointment. He'd thought they were flirting, but clearly they weren't. He resisted the urge to sigh. "Well. I can see how a man wouldn't want for much with that waiting at home. Where's the almost?"
He distracts the thugs long enough that Tony manages to tackle Crooked Nose to the ground and get a good shot in that’s either going to rename him as Straight Nose or Even Crookeder Nose. Blood spills down over his cheeks and mouth and Tony’s fist.
“No, of course not. I set up a series of security camera drones attracted to the chemicals in spray paint.”
Steve woke up cold and shivery to Tony listing off endless streams of numbers, loud enough that presumably the JARVIS of his dreams could hear him. There was no way Steve was going to fall back asleep, but he didn’t want Tony to wake up alone, so he wrapped a blanket around his shoulders to stave off the chill and staggered out into the living room. He slumped down on the couch and was just starting to drift off when footsteps had him opening his eyes again.
He looked down at the duvet he’d wrapped himself in, realizing with a wince that it was the only one Tony had on his bed. “Oh. Sorry.”
Everyone I'm working with is in their mid-twenties. And all my friends from back home are still in high school. I'm really excited about what I'm working on, but… fuck, I'm just - I'm just -"
Steve smiled and leaned over the back of the seat. He pressed his finger to the screen of Tony's phone and pointedly swiped right on his own face then stood and held out a hand, palm up this time. Tony took it.
“Captain Rogers,” Greg replied, as if Steve’s appearance at his own table was a surprise. “How are you enjoying yourself?”
Steve’s nostrils flared slightly, confirming what he already knew, and Tony resisted the urge to fling himself across the room, rub his face in Steve’s neck, scent him up again. Claim him. “I can count.”
“I shouldn’t have had to save you from my own hands on your throat.” Tony looked down at his spread palms. “I can still feel -”
“What does it -?” Steve cut himself off. He should just say thank you and leave. Just say thank you. And walk away. Because they had to be able to do this or -
Steve hummed, and the vibration rippled up Tony’s spine. The finger pressed deeper then pulled back, only to be joined by another one. They both rocked in and out of Tony’s hole stretching and pressing to open him up. The wet heat around Tony’s cock was starting to build, and he gasped and rolled his hips. Steve’s mouth backed off a little, slowing down, and Tony whined even though he knew it was because Steve wanted to save Tony’s orgasm, wanted to make him come on his cock.
“What do you mean, lumpy?” Steve leaned over the bowl, and Bucky poked the mixture, raising doughy clumps to the surface. “Hmm. Stir it harder, I guess.”
"Tony!" Steve was there in a heartbeat, looming over him like he had on the alien ship. And that was just making it even worse.
Tony ducked his head as he grinned. “Fair enough.” He hopped up on the edge of the stage, and Steve sat beside him, a careful foot between them.
Suddenly the ice cream tasted like ash in his mouth. Tony shoved the lid on and turned to put it away. Steve would be done making out obscenely in the hallway any minute now and he’d come in and join them. Tony was too tired to cover how he felt; he needed to leave.
It was the long way home, sure, but it was worth it. Tony turned the corner and jogged across the street, making a beeline for a warm, cheery window halfway down the next block. Okay, so maybe it wasn’t on the way home, exactly. Maybe Tony was supposed to turn north at the last corner, not south. But, really, it was worth it.
Steve crouched down in front of Tony again who reached for him, a huge grin plastered across his face. Steve tugged him into his lap and held him on one knee while they petted the dog again. She sprung to her feet and shoved her face into Tony’s stomach making him screech with laughter and fist a handful of her fur in each hand.
Steve put his art supplies away under the bed and changed into slacks and a dark blue button-down. He found Bucky sitting on the chair by the door, tying his shoes. Steve grabbed his hat from the hook next to the closet, and dropped it on his head.
Tony woke up handcuffed to a pipe. He was in what looked like a basement - small high windows, hard concrete floor, insulation blooming out of a hole in the drywall. Footsteps thumped across the floor over his head. The first thing that popped into his head was,
“I was… for a while. Then I started calibrating the centrifuge and I kind of… checked out. Sorry, Tony.”
Natasha stretched out on the couch, rolling her ankles. She was getting to the good part in her book, only a few chapters from the end.
Steve couldn't help but look over to see if his two tables of interest were watching, and found the single man with the intense eyes was, completely absorbed in Natasha. The other table seemed entirely unaffected which only solidified Steve's belief that whoever they were, they were involved in the ownership of the club.
“See Tony?” Steve said softly, as he reached up to release the cuffs. He drew Tony down onto the bed and pulled him close. “You’re so good for me.”
Steve stroked the pads of his thumbs over Tony’s cheeks as if he were wiping away invisible tears. “Me too.”
The tentacles forced Tony down again and his throat spasmed around Steve’s cock, milking precome from the tip. He was so hard and buzzing with stimulation. It wouldn’t take much. Tony started sucking and licking, rubbing under the head with the swell of his tongue, swallowing and massaging Steve. They were bound in position, unable to move, but Tony did everything he could to suck Steve off, and -
“Yeah, well, he ended up making a valiant come back and winning. I paid his sister to put glue in his hair gel in retaliation.”
“It isn’t,” Tony insisted. “It’s just right.” And he reached out and took Steve’s hand. He uncurled Steve’s fingers, lay the watch in his hold, then folded them closed again. “Please take it. I like the thought of you having it.” Steve’s skin gave off a tiny spark as they brushed fingers and Tony felt it zigzag like a lightning bolt down to his heart, stealing one of its beats.
If someone had asked Tony what he expected to be doing this Friday night, going down to Steve's apartment for a late night
Tony squeezed again, trying to pour into it everything that he could. His cheeks heated under Steve’s startled gaze. Then Steve’s eyes softened, his shoulders drooped, and he let out a shaky exhale.
Steve whimpered as Tony was shoved down far enough to choke, Steve’s cock hardening against his will and pressing into his throat. He was cutting off Tony’s air supply, but he didn’t have a choice. The tentacles were like steel rods binding him in place.
The tower was definitely under attack. Steve spun on his heel and took off towards the gym. If JARVIS couldn't contact the Avengers, he'd have to gather them himself.
“Happy anniversary.” Steve finally got his legs twisted around Tony’s in a comfortable way and he tipped his head back onto the pillow and closed his eyes. Tony, finally breathing deeply, stayed sprawled across his chest. “Hey, Tony?”
a dog person, and he had to admit, it was pretty amazing watching Tony enjoy that so much. He also hadn’t known you could get dogs that small that weren’t quite as… pocket-y as the purse-bound dog in the building. Steve shook himself. It would be stupid to think about getting a pet for a kid that wasn’t really a kid. Tony wouldn’t be a baby long enough for it to matter.
“It’s my favourite. Probably because it’s one of the few that doesn’t make fun of me in some way, but it also might be because I really like gears. Just one thing I’d change, though.”
"I -" Steve cut off, staring at the cut. It didn't really hurt, not like he expected, and… He wiped the blood away with a napkin from the coffee table and they both watched as the cut sealed itself closed again. "...What?"
“I don’t know what I need,” Bucky whined mournfully. “Just hose down the whole apartment, I guess, me in it.”
With a growl, Steve made another desperate attempt to surge forward but one of the HYDRA agents poked him hard in the side with an electric prod at the same moment the cuffs shocked him again, and he crumpled back. They slammed the door shut, and he was trapped.
“Oh. My ex.” Tony flashed the handsome hunk a smile. “He’s gone. Out of the picture. No more. Hurricane’s all mine.”
Bucky barked out a laugh as he pushed up to his feet. "Guess it's about time it was my turn to get us locked up, Mr. Rogers. Get dressed."
Steve poured it in the cake pan and put them in the oven. They both hovered nervously, watching the timer countdown. “We can’t stand here for thirty minutes,” Steve said,
He could see Steve and Bucky up on the beach. Bucky was sprawled out on a lounge chair, fitted swim trunks hugging his thick thighs, bare chest glistening with sweat. Steve - his beautiful ass on perfect display as he bent over - was delivering a piña colada to his boyfriend.
“Come on, baby, take me. I need to feel you. Need to keep feeling you tomorrow, know you’re here, know you’re okay. Take me, take me.”
Steve swallowed down the litany of moans spilling from Tony's mouth, nipping at his bottom lip with likely too-sharp teeth, but need was making him rough and wild. His hips rocked without encouragement from the tentacles now, thrusting deep into Tony's welcoming heat. The slick mess from Tony's last orgasm smeared on his stomach, but he didn't care. All he could think about was finding release again, giving Tony what he was begging for again. He had no idea how long they'd been here, but that didn't matter either. They could stay forever.
"I know you won't believe me without a paternity test - which my doctor says I'll be able to get in a few more weeks - but the person before you was over a month before, and there was no one after. So… Obviously you have no reason to believe me, but -"
He looked up to give a wave to Clint in the pilot’s seat, letting him know they were good for takeoff, and he could see him holding back a smile.
“Nah, she’s just filled with ennui.” He bounced the baby again, and she gurgled. “Don’t worry, Peanut, the tax thing was mostly bogus. Daddy will make sure you have a very expensive accountant.”
Tony shoved both hands in the dog’s mouth, and Steve winced again, flinching towards them; he was ready for Tony’s hands to reappear less a few fingers. But the dog just rolled back onto her side and licked at the knees of Tony’s pants, letting him grab at her tongue and play with her lips. “She’s so good to him.”
"Hey, Steve! We could watch a movie or something," Clint called after him, but Steve shook his head tightly.
"I know, but he's clearly uncomfortable around me, and I don't know, maybe I said something that upset him? And if you talked and explained, maybe he'd tell you what I need to apologize for. And you two could even date without me for a little while and see how it went and if he wanted to get to know me."
Steve had finally managed to settle into some sort of steadiness when Tony’s mouth suddenly started to move around him. Steve tried to back off, worried Tony was choking again, but then he realized Tony’s tongue was undulating very purposefully against him. Was he -? He was. He was trying to get Steve off.
So. The plan, at its best, was not well fleshed out, but Steve was good at thinking on his feet, and the biggest obstacle, it was clear, was going to be getting access to Tony in the first place.
It was early enough in the morning that they both knew neither would sleep any more, so they curled up on Tony’s couch together and watched infomercials, dozing in each other’s soft warmth.
Tony and Bucky were both on the floor, wrapped together into a ball like two affectionate octopuses. They each had a pillow, but were sharing one, Tony’s face buried in Bucky’s hair. Steve turned back to look at all the empty space on the mattress next to him. “What are you guys doing on the floor?”
Another orgasm - he'd lost count of how many he'd had now - was fast approaching, and there was nothing he could do but give in to it.
Steve was rock hard, stretching Tony's ass wider than the tentacles had. He could feel every inch of him, even with the thin tendril wrapped around his cock, working both of them mercilessly.
It felt like a race, suddenly, heady and exhilarating. Could Steve get Tony off with his words and his cock before Tony got Steve off with his mouth?
There was a quiet moment of startled contemplation, and then Tony burst out laughing, his whole body shaking where he was still wrapped in Steve’s arms.
The two men shared a look full of apprehension, joy, terror, and unfathomably deep love then scooted out the door, on the way to bring even more happiness into this home they all shared.
Steve didn't see his repeat customer on Friday, but on Monday, just before his time was up, he appeared, hustling down to where Steve stood with his Free Hugs sign. "Hey!" Steve said, opening his arms.
“Oh my god, Tony, Tony, please - please don’t -” Steve ripped the faceplate off the armour and dragged Tony’s limp body to his side. He bent down over him and the barest puff of air on his cheek made him nearly sob with relief. “JARVIS, override code 83759,” he whispered down by Tony’s ear where the AI would hear him.
"It's not. I like you. And hey, if we don't get along, then so be it. But if you don't give people a chance, you'll definitely not make any friends." It wasn't a lie, not even a fudging of the truth. Steve liked Tony. He was kind, and funny, and hard-working, and gave good hugs. Steve was pretty sure he'd only like him more, the more they spent time together.
Tony bounced the baby on his hip as he walked back to the bedroom. “What? You offering? Now? I mean, sure, sweetheart, but let me slip into something a little less comfortable.” He shook his hips and the oversized t-shirt he’d been sleeping in for the last few weeks wobbled back and forth. The large, glittery panda on the front was probably what had Bucky’s motor running more than anything.
“God, you’re good at that,” Steve murmured. He stroked his fingers through Tony’s hair gently, then scratched a little with his nails. When that earned another moan, he kept it up, working his way across Tony’s scalp while Tony slipped up and down his cock. Tony’s pace increased, bobbing his head up and down more roughly now, and Steve’s could hear the little gasps of breath Tony sucked in through his nose on each backslide. It was like he wanted Steve’s cock in his body more than he wanted oxygen and that thought sent another hot rush of need through Steve’s veins.
Steve laughed. “Also a win. I do love you. So much. This afternoon was fun, but I’m glad to have my Tony back.”
"Well, I heartily disagree with that, but we've got nine months to figure it out, if you're interested."
Tony shrugged, smiling now. “The physics seemed sound, or at the very least, very desirable. I may have been a genius, but I was still a ten-year-old. Every ten-year-old wants to fly.”
Tony rummaged around in a plastic bag Gail had dropped off for them a few weeks ago and he'd hung from a hook by the door instead of putting away. With half their stuff in boxes, it seemed silly to find a home for everything only to dislodge it again in a few weeks. He dug around until he found the little cardboard box he was looking for. He brought it back to the couch and sat next to Steve with Ant between them. "Look at this, bug boy!"
“Why not? It’s self-powered now, doesn’t need the arc reactor -” his fingers drummed against his chest “- and it can adjust to fit pretty much anyone. Even your statistically improbable shoulders should be accomodated.”
"No, no. It's okay." He tapped the arm of one of the women with him. "Pep, can you take this? I'll catch up with you."
Unless that noise outside the door had been Tony. Maybe he’d come here to talk to Steve. Steve peered through the darkness at Nat’s slowly rising and falling side then pushed out of bed. If only it were Tony beside him, then they’d have all night to talk this out.
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
Tony opened the doorway to a pile of blankets. He tugged at them until Steve’s face was revealed. “Hi.”
“Come here,” Steve whispered, drawing Tony back down onto his chest. He rolled them over until Tony was on his back, caged in Steve’s arms. Steve drew a line of kisses along Tony’s collarbone. He breathed him in. “You smelled different, under the spell. Now you smell normal again. Like home.”
When Forehead smacks Steve across the ear so hard Tony can hear it ringing himself, he gives up on catching his breath and throws himself into Forehead’s side. He brings all three of them down, Steve still caught in the other mans’ grip, but Tony gets his bearings first, flattens Forehead out and drives his knee up into his crotch as hard as he can. No mercy.
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
Nat appeared a moment later, blinking and yawning. She stepped out into the hall and shut the door behind her, with Steve still inside. The look on her face suggested they might be talking for some time.
“Isn’t it about time you took a rest?” Tony called, and Steve’s head twisted up from where it had been bent over a fluffy, green bush.
He could lie, and maybe that was the kindest thing to do, but in the long run, it would probably only confuse things more. He could say he was busy or tired or not feeling well and that he needed some space to recharge, but that only worked if Steve and what’s-his-face didn’t work out. If their relationship solidified into something permanent, Tony would have to face his issues, and to be honest, he couldn’t see himself getting over this easily.
The ice cream carton squeaked under Tony’s too-tight hold and he dropped it with a low rumble that definitely wasn’t a growl.
Steve had been teasing him, stroking his cock, edging him, for so long that when the blunt head of his cock pressed against his hole, Tony had to tip his head back and pant heavily, hands clenched into fists where they were trapped behind his back, to stop from coming just from that.
Between Avengers obligations and a disinclination on both their parts to risk another bad night, it was two weeks before they went to bed together again. After a lovely date, and an even lovelier post-date back at Tony’s place, Steve was too exhausted to find his way up to his room. Hand in hand, sweaty and sated, they drifted off to sleep together.
Steve was making a mental note to record the weather as well, in case it factored into his results, when a kid with messy, brown hair, sunglasses - despite there being no sun at all - and four different bags slung over his shoulders, screeched to a halt and stared at Steve's sign. He looked too young to be an MIT student, but he had the perpetual air of stress around him that suggested he was. Steve wobbled the sign a little and tried to look inviting.
Tony stilled, sighing, then turned around, trying to ignore the looks that were immediately thrown his way. "What do you - wow."
Steve stretched out as far as he could without tipping the ladder, his stomach dropping a bit as his centre of gravity shifted dangerously far out. He scratched his pencil along the wall, tracing the edge of the projection. He could almost reach the far corner…
"Good job." Steve worked through the rest of the book, Anthony roaring his terrible roar, gnashing his terrible teeth, rolling his terrible eyes, and showing his terrible claws along with Max and the wild things. By the time Max sailed home, however, Anthony's eyes were getting heavy. He clutched Duck to his chest.
“It’s beautiful.” Steve walked over to the side of the piano and ran a finger along the wood frame, feeling it hum and vibrate with the music. “How does the story go?”
“Oh, I couldn’t!” said Steve, wishing desperately that he could. The watch was beautiful, and it meant a great deal that Tony would want him to have it. But it was so expensive! So fancy! What a gift to give a friend. “It’s too much.”
“Well, I didn’t have much of a choice,” stumbled out of his mouth before he could stop it, and Tony smacked his hand over it to stop anymore insults from tripping out.
Tony sat up, narrowly avoiding bashing his head on the underside of the top bunk above him. He pulled the headphones out of his ears and set his tablet aside. Had he seen the light flicker under the door? Was someone out there?
Tony crumpled as soon as the door closed. He poked the edge of the cast wrapped around his leg. It itched. It hurt. And he wanted to go dancing with everyone else. Club A would be packed by now, everyone laughing and joking and shaking it. Steve would probably dance with Jan. And Nat. That was good.
“Oh shit!” Tony darted across the sand - which was nearly impossible on a good day, let alone when he was combining heat-stroke with butt-he’d-like-to-stroke - and tried to grab for Hurricane’s collar. “I’m so sorry."
The next day was charcoals, and the sketch of a woman’s back as she zipped up her dress was so beautiful, it almost drew Tony’s eye away from the man hanging it, but only almost.
So… if Tony had happened to find his route home from work altered to pass by the window, well, that was no one’s business but his own.
Steve went back to his own room and crawled into bed beside Natasha. She slept, but he knew he wouldn’t.
Tony shifted again, poking his phone, but he jostled it too hard, and it smacked his long-empty coffee cup, making it rattle on its saucer. Steve startled up, as if out of a dream. He looked at his watch. “Oh gosh, Ms. Fortis, I’m so sorry. I’ve kept you so long.”
Tony winked. "I paraphrased. So… was that left because you shop HammerTech or because you think I'll be selfish in bed? Cause I promise, Steve, I'm a giver."
Tony broke into a full smile. “Well… you are right. Black, two sugars. But there’s something else I want today as well, if you have it in stock.”
with Steve. Steve yelped and flinched back, but it opened him up and formed around him, swallowing him down, even as he involuntarily jumped out of the way.
Steve blinked at the toast and smiled sloppily. “Thanks.” He picked up the peanut butter slice and hummed with pleasure as he chewed. “Gonna marry the hell out of you, someday.”
He couldn’t get hard again. He’d barely given Tony any relief. But it was beyond his control. Having Tony writhing in his lap, drooling spit and Steve’s own come back out to drip down over his balls was too much.
Back at the tower, it took three scans from JARVIS and six increasingly panicked phone calls to various organizations to determine that the spell would wear off in a few hours and Steve should regain his super strength. During all of it, Steve sat sulkily on the exam table in tower medical and shook his head every time anyone tried to talk to him or touch him. He wouldn't make eye contact with Tony.
One could argue that Tony is a little more aware of Bucky's whereabouts than is normal, and Tony wouldn't argue back. Bucky seems to be the axis around which most of his focus revolves these days. The tension between them is so thick, Tony figures he'd need one of his repulsor-powered laser rifles to cut it at this point.
The huge desk in the lobby was heart-poundingly imposing as Steve shuffled his way over to it. There were three receptionists, and neither looked his way, so Steve hovered awkwardly between them until one lifted his head and waved Steve over.
“I know, but this’ll only take a minute,” Steve pleaded. “FRIDAY says it’s going to be cloudy soon.”
"Shit!" Tony staggered backwards, until he smacked his elbow on the shower wall, sending bottles tumbling down to the wet tile, realizing too late that he had put the strange thing between himself and the exit, and he wasn't wearing the suit-summoning bracelets.
Steve beamed. “That’d be lovely.” He followed as Tony set back off up the beach towards the bar, but he leaned close, whispering into Tony’s ear. “Maybe you can give me a little first aid later.”
And Tony was… gone. His clothes were still outside, the water had been left on, and JARVIS hadn't seen him leave, but he just wasn't here anymore.
The next time Steve came to him, he was a huge wolf, but Tony still knew he was Steve, somehow. He curled around Tony, heavy and fluffy and soft, and Tony could feel the heat when he dug his fingers down deep into his fur. Tony was still shaking, though.
Greg hummed and looked across the room to where his brother was telling a story with broad, sweeping gestures, his listeners rapt. “Yes. It was just a suspicion before. They way you’d always seem to know where he was, the way you stared at the back of his head when he wasn’t watching -” Steve snapped his eyes back to his drink “- and then when he got a clue, the way he’d smile at you like you were a secret. I’ve seen him like that before. I can read him like a book.”
The coffee maker hissed out the last of the tepid, brown, coffee-like water with a strangled gurgle, and Tony picked up the mug and turned to stare down Steve Rogers. The cup shook, but Steve politely ignored it.
Tony woke up appallingly early the next morning. He pressed a kiss to Steve's cheek, careful not to wake him, got dressed, and headed off for make up. Bucky wasn't there, but when Tony arrived on set, he saw him chatting to one of the sound guys.
The car behind him revved again then quieted and Tony glanced around to see why they were having so much trouble getting down the road. A man dressed in black was standing right behind him, but Tony didn’t have a chance to yell before a hand clamped over his mouth and the world started to spin.
Steve held his breath and focused on the tiny sound, a smooth, tinkling melody. When the music didn’t stop, but no explanation for it appeared, Steve tossed his finished book aside and stood up. He kept his footsteps quiet as he followed the delicate sound. It led him down the hallway, past the kitchen and to a turn he’d never peered around before. At the end of the hall was an open door with three stairs leading down from it.
Tony sat at his computer in his private study, spinning idly in his chair. He couldn't believe that  not only had they found the one and only Captain America, and not only was he alive and well, but he was joining the Avengers.
And if Steve’s reason was the same reason Tony had said yes to three weeks travelling Europe to give conference talks, well, Steve couldn’t blame him. If he’d been invited to leave, he would have too.
As Steve and Sir Gropes-A-Lot snuggled up together, Tony hit his limit. He stood up and made for the kitchen, as if he was getting more popcorn, then slipped out the door to the back stairs and trotted up to the landing pad.
Steve went through the soothing motions of heating the kettle and dropping tea bags in mugs - a cleaned out MIT one for Tony and the American-flag-bikini one Tony had gotten him a few months ago - then pouring steaming water over top.
“Because you look like you could use it.” Tony smiled again. “Look, it’s all business, I promise. No flirting.” His eyes darkened as they drifted over Steve again. “We can save the flirting for later. Come on.” He set off again.
Tony pushed the straw of his coke back between his lips and tilted his head to the side so he could see those beautiful buns catch the light. It was a masterpiece - there was no other word for it. Sheer perfection.
Tony held up a hand, the other one pressing against his eyes, trying to relieve his panic without smudging his make up. "Sorry."
Back in the penthouse, Tony threw himself face down on his couch and groaned. The ice cream was churning in his stomach. He couldn’t take it. The next time he saw them making googly eyes at each other, or feeling each other up, he was going to blow a gasket. And possibly punch Mr. Handsy in the face.
Steve shrugged. “Okay. I’m going as far as Oak Hill. You’re welcome to join me as long as you like. Or if there’s somewhere you want to get off, just let me know.”
Steve took a few steps into the room, knowing he should say something to let Tony know he was here, but loathe to interrupt the song.
Steve shrugged. “They make my hands feel stiff.” He pulled off the last of the wrap and shook the tingles out of his fingers. Two destroyed heavy bags lay on the ground, leaking sand everywhere. He’d worried about it at first, until Tony had told him the swarm of roombas that flooded the tower at night would appreciate something to do. “I’m going into SHIELD.”
Tony considered him for a moment. “Why don’t you just come here after school like normal and we’ll get ready together. I can get you a suit -”
Steve spun and slammed through another bot, fighting side by side with Iron Man. When the area was clear, he grabbed Iron Man by the wrist and tugged him down to the ground. “Open the helmet.”
Tony was counting on Steve to be the level-headed one, but he all but dragged Tony and Ant into the bathroom and pushed Tony down on the toilet cover, Ant in his arms, jaw set so tight it was a wonder his teeth didn't start cracking.
When Steve’s lungs started to burn, Tony pulled back, running the tip of his tongue over his bottom lip as he sucked in a sharp breath. Then he looked down.
Tony pondered that thought - complete with flowers, wedding bells, and probably someone’s adorable dog as ring bearer - before informing Steve, “Again, traditionally - and not that I’m set on tradition or anything, but just throwing this out there - people date first before they get married.”
“Shh. Tony, love, I know it’s hard for you, but you’re going to be good for me.” Steve spoke the words against Tony’s lips, breath hot. “I’m not going to stop until you come.”
Steve turned and stared at him, wide-eyed, the others so distracted by their yelling that they didn’t seem to notice the two Avengers suddenly blinking at one another.
He was wearing nothing at all but his boxer briefs and Tony’s tie, looped loose around his neck. Tony was sitting in one of the armchairs in the living, laughing and clapping while Bucky did a surprisingly good imitation of a stripper’s dance in front of him.
“Yeah, that’s why I’m hoping to have some creative input on the commission. Though, the one of me sitting on that throne from Game of Thrones would look pretty great behind reception.”
“They put me in cryo.” Now that he was talking, Steve could feel how parched his mouth and throat were, lined with dust. “Told me it was for two hundred years. I thought I’d lost you.”
“Seriously, it needs more red.” Mr. Stark waved towards the painting on the wall behind Steve. “Not that I don’t love your subject matter, because, you know, me, and everyone knows how I feel about me. But I designed that armour - and I wear it daily - and it needs more red. Mostly around the shoulder bits. But otherwise good job. Looks just like me. I like the commentary too.”
Steve’s fingers ran through Tony’s hair, and he whimpered and pushed into the touch. The stone floor was so cold and Steve was so warm. “I know.”
“Shit.” He fumbled for the phone, yanking it off the charger, and swiped it open, heart pounding. “Hello?”
Steve sat up and stretched, wincing when something in his back popped and slipped. Even supersoldiers could apparently throw their back out by reading in the same awkward position for three hours. He smoothed his hand over the back cover with a soft smile. Resurfacing from a good book was always a bit of a process, tugging up out of another world and back into his own.
“What’s going on?” Tony appeared at Steve’s side, and Steve immediately snapped out and grabbed his elbow, tugging him in tight against his side.
“Whoa!” Two strong arms caught his hips and settled him back on the creaking ladder. “Move the ladder, Steve. Please don’t christen our brand new house, only seven hours in, with a gaping head wound.”
But Tony’s skin was pale and waxy under Steve’s hands already, his heartbeat sounding distant, like it was echoing down a hallway, and Steve needed to make a choice.
Tony had no power over that smile. Or that bedhead, or those ridiculous pajamas, or those half-lidded, soft blue eyes, or that man. “Yeah, of course. I’m bringing the coffee and toast though. And my book.”
The argument continues around him, but Steve’s not listening to the words now, he’s just staring at Tony.
When the director called things for the day, Tony packed up and hightailed it out of there without risking talking to Bucky again, worried he would beg. Back at his trailer, he found Steve already there, stirring something on the mini stovetop and humming softly to himself.
We're back! After a hiatus for work and school and life and pets, we are back into Trouble. There's no telling how often we'll be able to post, but here's a Little Bit. We missed this family too much! This is set just before the move from Steve's apartment to the new apartment.
Because Time Cop, or Mr. Clocks, or Cogsworth, or whatever he’s calling himself, had a brilliant idea to yeet Captain America back to 1941 so he could meet himself and collapse the timeline. Or something. Tony’s not sure it was a foolproof plan, as far as villain plans go, but he’s also not sure that someone wearing a cuckoo on his head really has a firm grip on reality. But, unfortunately, he did have a firm grip on quantum physics, because his Time Bomb had been startlingly effective. Except for the part where Tony’s naked, but maybe that was always part of the plan.
Thank you to soldieress on tumblr for prompting Anthony's birthday. We already had this one planned out, but this one is for you anyway!
of the door opening and closing snapped him out of sleep into the dark bedroom, he knew he’d failed. “Nugh,” he managed.
Steve huffed out a sigh and squeezed his eyes shut for a moment. "Look, I know you're just doing your job and trying to protect him, but I
The penthouse freezer didn’t have anything good in it, so Tony trotted down the few flights of stairs to the shared floor. Bruce and Thor had done the shopping this week so it was sure to be sugar heaven. It wasn’t surprising to find Clint perched on one of the kitchen stools, flipping through a book. His insomnia was even worse than Tony’s.
Tony’s hand flexed around the wood frame, fingers digging in painfully for a moment. “You can’t skip, Steve. I’m still going to remember that shit tomorrow.”
Set at the very end of chapter 14 of In Trouble Deep. Tony sees the Ultimates-themed baby sleepers for the first time.
Tony cut off with a muffled gasp as Steve hauled forward and pressed his lips to Tony, arms gripping his biceps almost hard enough to bruise. He was warm and soft, and
"I'm such a goddamn coward I waited until I knew you wouldn't be able to answer the phone to call. Fuck… Yeah I've been tracking you. Bet you love that too. I dunno, Maybe you do. You probably like that I care where you are. I don't know if that pisses me off or - Fuck..."
The bad man hauled out a very heavy book full of very dark spells and started a chant. After a few minutes, a demon appeared in the middle of the room and snarled at him.
Tony automatically leaned up for a kiss, and to his immense relief, Steve met him halfway. Tomorrow, tomorrow they would part. But tonight, Tony got to hold his lover in his arms. He had to believe everything would be okay - it had to be. Because he couldn’t go on without this. They’d fight and they’d yell, and sometimes it would get scary, and sometimes they would both say cruel things they didn’t mean. But as long as they found each other again, it would be okay.
Today, Hot Window Guy was in the process of dismantling the soft pastel display and replacing it with Copic markers. He fit easily in the window space, several inches shorter than Tony - and Tony wondered more than once if that was why he’d been assigned the daily task - and his dark, fitted jeans hugged his rear snugly as he bent to stack a pile of books at his feet.
“God, you are so stubborn.” Steve hooked Tony’s waist and drew him into a deep kiss. “She is fine. There weren’t even any raccoons at the vet.” Steve kissed Tony again.
Tony reached down and pulled hard on the seat lever, dropping Steve flat and knocking a gasp loose. Tony bent down and kissed Steve hard then worked his way along his jaw to behind his ear. He nipped at his earlobe then leaned in and whispered. “From the fact that I already called a tow truck ten minutes ago and a town car is on its way to take us the rest of the way to the very fancy hotel I booked for us so we can enjoy each other for the next sixteen hours.”
He pulled on a sweater then hiked back up the stairs to the penthouse. He was reaching for the doorknob, when the door flew open, and Tony was standing there, looking startled. “Hey,” Steve said. “You okay?”
We had a couple people ask for Tony's reaction to the Iron Man sleeper so here it is! Thanks to everyone who suggested it <3
The guy clicked the heater back down to low and slipped his hand in Steve, shook it once. “Tony. Thanks.”
Steve shuffled closer, his bright blue eyes not wavering from Tony's. "Yeah… my greatest fear is that without the serum, I can't help you, can't protect you, can't fight beside you. That's what she showed me. Not the team, not the world. You."
"Right…" Some night when Steve wasn't there. Cause Bucky, it seemed, hated Tony's boyfriend. But Steve loved Bucky. And Tony loved Bucky. And they just…
Something clanged in the kitchen and then Steve appeared at the end of the couch, rubbing a tea towel over his hands. He looked decidedly unflushed, and the only reason Tony could think of for that was that he didn’t know what Grindr was. Cause there was no way Mr. Nineteen Forties American Virtue was casually throwing around knowledge of gay “dating” sites with such reckless abandon. Was there? Unless - ?
Anthony pressed his palms to the glass and followed them with his forehead, looking out at the streetscape below. Steve wasn’t sure Anthony would recognize the snow for what it was. This was his first snow with them, after all, and if he had any memories of snow from before that, he would have been far too young to appreciate it. He turned to look at Steve with wide eyes then back to the window.
Steve stretched up and looked down at his new husband’s beautiful face, framed in the crisp white sheets and glowing with the soft blue of the arc reactor. “Yeah, maybe,” he admitted with a grin, “but what a way to go.”
“I know, but it’s what you want. Right? I read that right?” Tony turned Steve until he could see his face.
Steve slipped back down in his chair, grinning so hard his cheeks hurt. He lifted his blanket back up and tucked it around his legs then collected his book and opened it to the page he’d bookmarked.
Tony laughed too then crossed the room to climb up into Steve’s lap. Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist and nuzzled into the collar of his shirt to press a kiss to his throat. “You know…” he murmured, soft and low, vibrating in his chest. “I have a lot more stamina this way. I can feel it.” Tony rocked forward in Steve’s lap and Steve’s breath caught. “We should probably make use of it while we can.”
Steve left his paint behind and trotted after him, having no other option. He couldn’t run, that would just lead Tony straight to his home - right to Ma, who would not be amused. If he went with him, he might be able to convince Tony not to get him in trouble, maybe offer a trade. He could clean off the paintings in exchange for not going to jail.
The dancer took a bow and the other band was clapped off stage. Conversation seemed to rise up to fill the empty space when the music was gone. Steve raked his eyes over the other patrons, but he didn't have a chance to take much in before a waiter appeared beside the table. "Sir?"
what’s wrong! They’re going to take pictures and write articles and before, we just looked like friends, but now, at best I look like a supremely awkward third wheel and at worst this looks like a threesome.”
They’d all stayed up too late last night, and he was fully expecting to hear Anthony break into grumpy sniffles as he woke, but instead, he just hummed and sighed to himself. When the humming broke into little babbled “Da”s, Steve wriggled out of Tony’s arms and out of bed. Tony whimpered then grumbled, his arm reaching for the spot where Steve had been, but Steve only smiled at him as he crossed the room. Tony’s bare back caught the startlingly bright morning light, and Steve paused to tug the too-thin blanket up over his shoulders.
A reminder to send prompts to our ask boxes on tumblr. We're still accepting them, but it's much easier if you send them there instead of putting them in comments. If you comment your prompt, it'll probably get lost, sorry :(
Steve all but caught Tony as he came barrelling down the hall and nearly collided with Steve’s open locker. “What?”
Tony blinked at him. “So you could ask her out, obviously. She was into you, and you obviously adore her.”
The creatures brought Steve even closer to Tony, until their chests pressed together, and Steve tightened his hold on Tony's hand. When he didn't respond, Steve leaned in and touched their foreheads together. "Tony. Tony, are you okay?"
He arrived at the apartment without issue, and let himself in. He was still hungry, so he sliced a few pieces of bread and lit the stove. He started with the kettle, which he used to make tea, then put the toaster on for the bread. He spread it with a thin layer of butter, saving the rest for tomorrow's breakfast, then ate in his bedroom, sitting in the window and looking out at the tops of the buildings he had wanted to sketch just a few hours ago.
Fuck - he needed to come like this, with Steve’s tongue inching deeper and deeper inside him, first hard and pointed then soft and soothing, but never relenting. The chains were so taut, Tony’s arms were aching, his fingers tingling with pins and needles, but he couldn’t relax, every muscle in his body screaming
“He’s not breathing!” A blond man with hair wild, out of breath, and terrified, launched himself through the double doors of the ER. “My son’s not breathing. Please help me!”
He didn’t push or twist his fingers through the strands, Steve just rested his palm on the back of Tony’s head, enough pressure to ease the urge to thrust, to do something, but enough to prevent Tony from moving back.
"I'm seventeen," Tony blurted out. "I have like zero friends here cause everyone thinks I'm just a kid and no one wants me to go to their parties or anything. I started here last year, did half the credits I needed for undergrad and tested out of the rest. Now I'm doing three master's at once, and it's
Steve flicked the edge of his page. It sure would be nice to bring in some money. It had been months since he'd sold a strip. He thought it was a dip - he'd done so well at first! - but as things dried up more and more, it became clear that the fluke was being hired, not the other way around. Still… spending his nights in the smoke and haze, surrounded by good for nothing drunks, cheaters and liars, too tired to draw when he got home. It was a far cry from the life he'd imagined for himself.
“Yeah. I went back actually, for a few more degrees, just for fun.” Tony winced - bragging: not good.
Steve pulled back to furrow his brow up at Tony, and Tony bit back a bereft whimper at the loss of wet heat. “Aren’t you too tired?”
In the video, Bucky put the phone to his ear. A moment later, he smiled. He turned away from the camera, but his voice came through clear as day. "Hey, baby, how are you?" A pause. "Tony just left. Do you want to come over now? Class is over in an hour."
“Right. Of course. Good - uh - good luck with that.” Tony shot Nat a little wave then stepped back so Bruce could close the door again.
Tony mumbled, eyes blinking open. He took a moment to focus on Steve's face. "God, it's so much Steve," he whined. "They're
“I don’t know what to do. If I tell him now it’ll look like I’m jealous of whats-his-face, which I am, but I don’t want it to look that way. What do you think?”
“This has been the best year of my life, falling in love with you,” Tony said, eyes going bright. “I don’t want it to end.”
“I saw a coat closet on the way in…” He turned his devastating smirk up towards Steve. “Wanna trade back?”
There was too much to process, but Tony kept getting stuck on Steve’s hands in his again. “So… so you do love me? Or…?”
. “Right. Okay.” Despite the absolute humiliation of it, Tony couldn’t seem to school his face into indifference. “Guess I misread…”
Tony had thought it was going well. He’d managed to ask Steve to go out for lunch without any of the other Avengers hearing and tagging along. The cafe he’d chosen was the perfect balance of presentable and comfortable. Conversation had flowed easily between them, and as their meal had gone on, they’d shifted closer, leaning over the table to share space.
Bruce was the one who figured out how to get Steve drunk. It took an IV and almost a hundred dollars worth of alcohol, but Steve felt that woozy-spinny-happy feeling for the first time in over seventy years. The Avengers all piled up on the roof in crappy lawn chairs, laughing as Steve stumbled around the patio and tried to get Thor to dance with him.
They held each other for a long time, basking in the happy glow of their bond, but when tears threatened the back of Tony’s eyes again, he pulled back with a sniff. “Uh… I’ve got another two hours of work to get through,” he said, clearing his throat. He gestured towards his face, no doubt pink and blotchy already, and Steve laughed.
Steve shook his head, the last of his stress giving way to a smile. Somehow in the span of a few hours he had a job and a date? This was definitely the weirdest day he’d had in a while. “Okay. That sounds perfect.” He munched a few fries. “But if this isn’t a date, what do we talk about for the rest of lunch?”
“Yeah, I mean, I don’t like mushrooms so the forest was a bit overwhelming, but you get the idea. At least the caterpillar wasn’t there. Three is not a crowd, it’s a rave.”
Steve realized he’d jolted back a step at her appearance, and he forced himself to relax. “No, no. It’s fine. I didn’t think anyone else was up.”
The circumstances of their coming together didn't seem to matter anymore. Tony had Steve in his arms, between his legs, pressing deep inside him. His pleasure kept rising and peaking over and over until it was nothing more than a blur of need and release. Even Steve's thumb brushing along Tony's finger felt like fireworks going off under his skin.
By the time they got to chalk, Tony was so completely in love he spent the rest of the walk home looking up art classes on his phone. Because there were only two more days in the sale and then what was he supposed to do?
But Bucky was newly recovered after a course of care in Shuri’s hands in Wakanda, and Tony didn’t want to push anything. The thought of Bucky in danger, however, urged Tony into motion. He rattled off commands to JARVIS to shut down the air venting systems, rerouting filtration, and lock down three floors of the tower. JARVIS opened a port in the side window of the workshop, and Tony blasted through, shooting straight up towards Bucky’s window.
He certainly couldn’t ask Tony to go after him again, not after what he’d just been through. Steve didn’t think anyone else had noticed, but the bruises on Tony’s hips and wrists showed just how physical piloting Veronica was.
He turned off all his lights, tucked his phone in his pocket, and went back down to Tony’s apartment. He let himself in, feeling a little thrill at that, and made his way to the bedroom. Tony wasn’t there, but the water was running in the ensuite, so Steve plugged his phone in on the bedside table and lay down, pulling the blankets up over him. They were tucked tightly under the edge of the mattress and it took some wiggling to even get down under them in the first place. They were smooth and taut, and it felt like Steve had too much airspace on either side of him, chilled and claustrophobic. Like a grocery store sandwich, covered in plastic wrap.
They pawed through the bag of supplies they’d bought, trying to match what they had with what she was talking about. Between the two of them, they managed to get a somewhat even layer of icing on top of the bottom layer, which they’d trimmed liberally to relieve it of its burnt edges (most of which had helpfully stuck to the pan anyway). Bucky placed the top layer on and they watched in grim silence as it slipped to the side. Steve pushed it back. It slipped again.
"Tony!" He ran past the lockers to the back shower stalls where he could hear the water was still running. Oh god, what if he was really hurt. What if he slipped and hit his head or had a heart attack or -
When the broken part had been replaced and the reactor was back in one piece, Steve sat back, expecting Tony to pick it up, but he had both hands braced over the edge of the desk, knuckles white. “You can just slot it in,” he said, strained. “It’ll click.”
He stumbled down the rickety steps to the parking lot, and when he turned onto the sidewalk, he couldn’t hold it back anymore. Muted sobs shook his shoulders and he tripped his way along, eyes too blurry to see where he was going.
Tony rubbed the scrub brush over the plate without paying it any attention. It was clean now, but he kept tracing careful circles around and around the china, the warm, soapy water, long having turned cold and greasy, but he couldn’t find the energy to turn the tap on again.
It had started as one of those jokes born out of necessity. After what Loki put them through, they could avoid each other, hide, lick their wounds and avert their eyes at team meetings, or they could push past it. Tony had marched up to Steve - when he’d showed up with a duffle bag and nowhere else to stay - and said, “I don’t like you, personally, but that’s neither here nor there. The Avengers need Captain America and I’m glad you’re here.” He’d held his hand out to shake, and Steve had taken it.
Tony wafts the puppy in Steve’s direction, making her floppy ears bounce. “What do you think?” Tony asks, sighing, eyes still fixed on Steve. “What should we do?”
Steve opened his mouth then closed it again. His ma hadn’t raised a liar, even if she had raised a lawbreaker. His lips twisted together, and Tony burst into laughter. He tapped a knuckle against the wall under Steve’s half-finished painting - Iron Man standing on piles of SI-designed weapons, fingers up in a peace sign. “Will this keep?”
Steve touched his lips to the top of Tony’s head. “Well, for now, feel this, hear me. And maybe, someday, it’ll be enough to replace it.”
"I'm fine," he muttered. He hunched his back and turned away from Tony, limping towards where the rest of the Avengers were gathered.
“Tony…” Steve couldn’t stop his hand from cupping Tony’s cheek. “Prince Ty could take care of you, support you. I’m bound to the wand, if I leave my post, they’ll come for me.”
“Guess we all gotta story, huh?” Steve taps his fingers against his thigh. “If you’re looking to uh… keep your name under wraps, this might not be the best place to land, though.”
“What? Steve.” Tony pushed himself up of the couch, tablet forgotten, heart in his throat. “Wow. Uh. I’m really flattered, and obviously you’re gorgeous and amazing, and who wouldn’t want to go out with you? And as I’m saying this I’m realizing I have no idea why I thought this sentence was going to end with me turning you down so, uh, yes. I mean, you don’t need Grindr to ask a guy out, Steve. You can just do it. And he’ll say yes. Apparently. With enthusiasm.”
It was the ghost of Steve’s fingertips on his skin that haunted Tony when his eyes fluttered open again and his back hit the cold, hard floor.
"I -" The kid's eyes cut away to the passing crowd then back to Steve. Steve gestured him in. He clearly wanted a hug, but his cheeks were pinking under his dark sunglasses. Steve's smile seemed to do it for him, finally. He shrugged and stepped closer, wrapping his arms around Steve's waist. Steve hugged his shoulders, pulling him close and giving him an extra squeeze. "Uh. Thanks, I guess," the guy said, as he hiked his bags up again and hurried off.
“Okay. Let’s talk. Come on.” Steve took Tony’s hand and gently led him into the living room. He deposited him on the couch then fetched two glasses of water, one of which he handed to Tony. “Go ahead, I’m listening.”
“Thank you, Tony.” Steve gazed at Tony, unable to look away from his beautiful face. He would cherish the watch forever. And perhaps… maybe? It might have meant something more than friendship.
“Stop cheating, Rogers,” Tony said, the words accompanied by the thump of pieces being moved more violently than they should be.
Up in the tallest tower, on the farthest island, under a dark storm cloud, the very bad man was very angry.
"What did you do?" Tony repeated. "During your afternoon lecture?" he prompted. "Something happened?"
The carrier mewed, and Steve opened the door to let the tiny, grey puffball step out. She stretched as long as she could - which wasn’t long - and yawned then sauntered her way over to Tony. She rubbed up against his ankle, miniature tail straight up in the air, and started purring. “Oh my god.” Tony scooped her up and pressed her to his chest. “I thought I’d murdered you.”
“Really like him… yeah.” Tony folded his arms over the table and dropped his forehead down on top of them. Talk about understatement of the year.
Tags: Internalized Homophobia, Angst, Happy Ending, Getting Together, Taking It Slow, Period Typical Language (for Steve and for Ults lol)
This is a Jonathan Creek AU, but I realized that RDJ also has a windmill house after I’d already planned it out! Funny coincidence :D
Chapters 73-96, were written for the Steve Tony Games, and I was on Team Angst. Some of these have happy endings, some do not. They're mostly darker than what I normally write. I will put tags in the notes here on each one, but do be aware that angst was the primary motivation for these (and points :P) so they taste a little different from what I usually put up.
“Mr. Stark, I just -” Bucky eyed the fox, wondering if it was going to go off again. He set it down carefully on a table. Tony had started scribbling in a notebook. “I’m sorry, you
"I think he's feeling better," Steve said, letting Ant tip over sideways in his arms, still cackling.
Tony set up some bags on the drip, ordering the nurses to get him antihistamines and corticosteroids. He turned to go, taking the chart to hand it off to one of the ER doctors, when the man called after him. “Thank you.”
It took a moment of gawking for Steve to realize that the music hadn’t stopped; it was coming from the gorgeous piano.
Tony handed the baby to Steve and crawled up into the middle of the bed, a husband on either side. He snuggled down then took his Peanut back, laying her on her tummy on his chest where her tiny eyes fluttered closed. He put a hand on her back and let it rise and fall with her breath.
Tony eyed the tiny junkheap that used to be a walkie-talkie. “The super secret surveillance van is a bit the worse for wear.”
He wasn't sure how, precisely, he was going to do this. Google had been startlingly unhelpful when he'd typed in:
The grass was cool and damp, and the sky was filled with dark clouds, but no drips landed on Steve’s upturned face, so they stayed out. Tony needed fresh air, and both of them were suffering from a bit of cabin fever after so long. Despite the ominous weather, Tony was enjoying himself, smacking his plastic trowel against the sand and then waving it in the vague vicinity of his bucket. He wasn’t making much progress - Steve assumed, he wasn’t actually sure what Tony was trying to accomplish - but he was smiling and babbling softly, so Steve was happy.
The whole set went silent. "Um," said the soft voice of the script supervisor's intern. "I don't think that's the line?"
Steve stood and wrapped the blanket around Tony instead. He pulled him close and kissed him softly. “It’s okay. I’ll just go back up to my room, and I’ll come down in the morning for breakfast.”
Tony wasn’t surprised when the basket arrived. There was always someone trying to court his business, earn his attention, from small startups to huge international corporations. They loved to send fancy gifts and food - though there had been more than usual lately. Something interesting must have been happening in the stock market, he supposed.
The wait was long enough that he had just about decided that Steve wouldn't answer when there was the click of the lock and the door swung open. Steve was damp, hot steam still pouring off him, but there was still a tightness to his jaw and a pink tinge to his eyes.
“Anyway, he’s coming today. I don’t care if you never let him come back, but it’s too late to say no, now, so suck it up princesses.”
“Isn’t it about time you took a rest?” Tony called, and Steve’s head twisted up from where it had been bent over a fluffy, green bush.
“I - no. No, not if it’s - not if you guys are… serious. About me,” Tony stuttered out. “But you don’t want that in the press…”
Time had lost all meaning. The tentacles held them both in place, not moving, not advancing, just waiting. Steve was trapped in the chair, legs spread far enough that they ached, and Tony was shoved up tight between his knees, mouth around his cock. Drool soaked Steve’s thighs, drawing goosebumps on his skin as it cooled. Tony’s mouth was hot and wet, his tongue spasming as he tried to swallow, tried to draw air.
was bright and cheerful, like a door had just been opened to reveal a beautiful sunny meadow on a lazy Sunday afternoon. “Oh. Well, in that case. Maybe we can go back to the store and I’ll get you the coffee beans and then we can, uh, get lunch? Together?”
“I’ve had a crush on you for three years and also seventy-five years. Would you like to go to dinner with me some time?” Steve’s voice is steady, but there’s a tension in his shoulders that suggests he’s anything but.
They’d been dating Tony for about eight months now, and everything was going really well. But today was Tony’s thirtieth birthday, and they both desperately wanted to take the chance to show him how much they cared about him. It was hard, making sure that Tony understood how invested they both were in him, when they’d been dating each other for three years before Tony even came into the picture.
As soon as Tony was gone, Steve let himself sink to his knees by the side of the lake, fairy wings drooping into the damp grass. Tony looked beautiful in his magical clothing, but Steve had thought he was beautiful from day one, covered in dirt and soot and bruises, cowering in the corner of Stane’s stable. Tony’s wish had been to go to the ball and meet the prince he’d been destined to marry before his father had died and his fortune had been lost to Lord Stane.
"You know…" Tony breathed. He took Steve's hand. "I find I really, really do." He stood, and Steve drew his hand to rest on his stomach, palm flat, warm.
With a startled cry, the bed parted and they slotted down the middle like bread into a toaster, the sheets folding up around them on each side. They came to a stop, wedged in place, and Steve realized that what was advertised as a king bed was actually two smaller beds pushed together and covered over with sheets and blankets. They clearly didn’t expect the weight of two people to land right on the seam because it had been enough to pop the sheets off the corners and split the beds. And now they were stuck.
“Yeah. I’ve got a lot of younger siblings, so she’s used to kids. She’s such an attention hog.” He rolled his eyes, but Steve could hear the affection curling through his words.
If Steve had gone to get a drink, Tony could meet him downstairs. The house was chilly, and Tony only had his back-up t-shirt and some sweatpants of Clint’s on, but he didn’t want to go all the way back into his room for a sweater and, yet again, risk waking Cooper. The floorboards creaked ominously underfoot, surely much louder to Tony than they were to anyone else.
Steve sat up in bed, his back against the wall. He could hear Natasha and Bruce talking out in the hallway and it was hard to ignore. He tried to tune them out, but his options seemed to be stressing about Tony or eavesdropping, and neither was very appealing. He was considering digging around in Nat’s bag to see if she had any headphones, when the door opened and both Nat and Bruce slipped inside.
Tony pondered that for a moment. "Nope. No chance of that. Plus we've already filmed the sex scene for this one. Mostly, it's just a lot of shooting guns now."
“It’s no accident that you needed help with those redacted files today, is it, Tony?” Nat asked softly.
The two men stood close together in the hallway, talking too low for Tony to hear. But he could see Steve smiling. They were close to the elevator, and Mr. Apparently Spending the Night Now appeared to be on his way out while Steve was going to turn towards the kitchen.
“Because you’re brilliant and amazing and kind and this -” Tony grabbed his ass again, and Steve smacked him away, laughing.
Steve had his hand in Tony’s lap - and oh, the audacity! When the bad man looked closer, he saw that Tony was holding Steve’s hand, carefully wrapping gauze around bloodied and battered knuckles.
Zack, 28, had all 6 photos, all of which featured him on a skateboard, and from angles that reminded Steve of commercials on MTV in the early 2000s. He was kind of hot, but in an utterly boring way, and Steve swiped left.
Steve hummed again, and Tony sobbed, twisting. Steve’s tongue pushed forward, deeper, and he pushed his chin up against Tony’s perineum, working his prostate from the outside. Tony’s cock swelled impossibly harder and leaked, two fresh waves of pre-come spilling over Steve’s pale skin. Steve’s fingers dug in harder and he started to rock Tony back and forth, thrusting with his tongue. Tony’s ass was wet and sloppy and so, so needy, and all he could do was hold the fabric straps and let himself be moved, eyes hot, and throat dry, and cock
"Never has been before. But it turns out several of your students have my email address. And they know we're married."
"It's not that kind of situation," Steve said tightly. "Like, I said, it's personal. I need to speak directly to Mr. Stark about a personal matter."
Steve realized with a soft smile that Tony had never seen a dog like that before, at least not in the time Steve had been caring for him. There was a woman in Steve’s building with a tiny, short-haired thing she carried around in her purse, and once in a while they’d passed one on a leash while Tony was curled up in Steve’s arms, but this dog was close by, and at Tony’s eye-level, and Tony was clearly smitten. Steve could practically see little hearts popping above Tony’s head as he lifted one sand-covered hand and pointed towards the dog.
Thanks Rise, Kitty, Places, and anyone else in chat who was in there poking around. You guys are the best!
So Tony shuffles down the alleyway, both hands pressed delicately over his delicates, until he hears a noise that makes him freeze. It’s a sort of rustle that could be a racoon or could be a police officer ready to drag Tony off to the pokey for public indecency, and while any long-term consequences won’t really be an issue here
“I’m offering,” Tony said. “You didn’t ask. But I’m really grateful and…” he leaned in and breathed warm air on Steve’s cheek. “I’m really, really good.”
Tony looked up from where he’d been contemplating ways to drink coffee without opening the suit. “What’s up, Cap?”
The door to the lab was closed, and when Steve knocked, no one answered, but it swung open. Steve stepped into the room, Tony’s name catching in his throat when his eyes found who he’d come looking for.
Captain America breaking wouldn’t be pretty, might not be something he could come back from. But what could Tony do? He didn’t have anything to give. He didn’t have the answers, and he didn’t have the right words of comfort. He could hardly relate to being frozen for seventy years and waking up in a new world where everything was different and everyone was gone.
, Steve’s hand landed on his back and the bed dipped as he settled behind him. A single finger skated down Tony’s spine, drawing a shiver along with it. “You’re so beautiful,” Steve murmured, almost more to himself than to Tony.
Steve brushes himself off then wipes his sleeve over his face, smearing blood and dirt from his upper lip straight back to his ear. He shrugs. “I’m fine. You?”
“Hey.” The man waved - the man Steve instantly recognized. Tony Stark. CEO of Stark Industries. Owner of the warehouse Steve was currently, illegally, painting on.
The breeze picks up again, and Tony rubs his hands together, curling over himself to try and shield his naked body. He’s in an alley, it seems like, or behind an apartment building. There are metal dustbins crowded up against a brick wall, dry leaves, and old, crumpled newspapers collected in nooks and corners. Tony has the urge to open one and do the classic time travel check, but he doesn’t have to, he knows where he is.
Tony smirked, amused. “I was actually just going to buy you a burger.” Tony sized him up. “Maybe three burgers.”
Tony pressed past Steve’s shoulder, and Steve was sure he’d ask JARVIS to order a new one any moment, but instead he popped the front off the machine and pulled out the pieces, covering the once clean counters with coffee grounds-covered bits and bobs.
Tony shuffled up against Steve’s side then turned them away from the tower and down a side street. The ice cream place by the park would still be open. “Still is,” he said.
Tony stretched, everything snapping and popping the best way possible. He arched his back, unsticking his sweaty skin from the sheets. Bucky and Steve were flopped out on either side of him, Steve’s fingers on his wrist and Bucky’s ankle hooked over his. Satisfied didn’t even come close to covering it. Tony grinned up at the ceiling and let his eyes close.
"Yeah." Tony groaned and tipped forward to press his forehead against Steve's chest, softening when Steve's arms wrapped around him. "I love you so much, and I know we are good without him, happy and enough and all that, but I was just really hoping… We finally found someone we both want, and he seemed to want us back, but - ugh."
“Very good hands.” The hands in question burrowed under the waistband of Steve’s jeans. “Very good… but I’d rather they were all over me than digging around in that uh -”
“If you really don’t want this to go public,” Bucky said, “then we’ll find another way to explain the kiss. But if we’re coming out, we’re coming out all together. I can’t possibly tell the world I love Steve but not get to say I love you, too.”
"I'm not the one who thinks it's weird. Steve is. And I figure you're more likely to take my side of things."
"Right. Hugs Georg, who lives in a cave and needs ten thousand hugs a day shouldn't have been counted," Tony grumbled, dropping his face down onto his folded arms.
The man screeches to a halt with a yelp, and Tony stumbles backwards, his hands automatically coming up, palms flat, a complete lack of repulsors pointed in defense. There are two men, actually, coming around the corner, each clutching a paper bag, fingers gripped around the bottleneck at the top, paper crumpled and torn.
“I would give you the world if I could.” Tony pressed a kiss to the side of Steve’s face, and to his surprise, Steve leaned into it. “They’re going to come save us. We’re going to be okay. It’s going to suck for a bit, but we’re going to be okay. And you don’t have to be strong for me all the time, darling. You can tell me how hard it is. You can fall backwards; I’ll catch you.”
Steve frowned at his watch. Tony would be up again in only two hours. He replaced the sticky note, smoothing it out, then returned to making his morning meal.
Tony pushes himself to his feet then holds out a hand to help Steve up too. If there’s any danger to him meeting Steve’s past self, he’s already stuck his foot in it completely - no going back. “You alright?” he asks.
Steve poked him hard in the thigh then dropped him to his feet again in the elevator, crowding him up against the wall. “Anything you want. All I want is you.”
It was too late to hide anywhere, and a moment later, Laura Barton appeared. She frowned at Steve and stepped closer, a blanket wrapped around her shoulders. “I’m sorry, Captain, I didn’t mean to startle you.”
“Everything is just fine, Mrs. Barton. Thank you again for opening your home to us,” Steve said politely,
Steve sighed. He found a packet of crackers on a shelf and tore it open even though he didn't particularly want them. He broke the corner off one. "You have a sleazy gig. It's not a real job, Buck."
“It was a news helicopter,” Tony explained flatly. He pulled his phone out from his shoe and shot a few quick texts off to his lawyer. It was too late, though - he could stop them from publishing, this was private property and they didn’t have clearance to fly over it, but they’d get the shots out on the internet one way or the other. Steve and Bucky making out on a private island in the Caribbean was too good of news to give up. “I have to go back to New York.”
Except, apparently he did know someone, because he was only out for twenty minutes, when a familiar mess of dark hair and bookbags struggled down the opposite side of the street. Steve watched as the kid looked up, saw Steve, paused, then jaywalked, half a block down from where Steve was standing. He came right up to him this time and shrugged before opening his arms and letting himself be folded into Steve's hold.
"Heh. Well, to be quite honest, it's a social experiment. I'm tracking the people who accept my hugs at both MIT and BU - I'm a sociology and history student at BU - and seeing what kind of correlations there are."
“Tony, please wake up,” he begged. Unable to bear the pain any longer, Steve leaned forward and pressed his lips softly against Tony’s forehead.
“Alright.” Steve managed to drag himself out of Tony’s bed and make the long trek up to his own apartment. He changed into his pjs while brushing his teeth, washed his face, then paused in front of his bed. Tony only had a light duvet on - maybe Steve should bring a heavier quilt of his own? But that would be weird. What if Tony took it as an insult? That his bed wasn’t good enough? It just seemed so… sparse.
Steve clapped and grinned then grabbed Tony’s hand and hauled him up to his feet. “It would be my honour.” He kissed him soundly, smiling against Tony’s lips, then dipped him down onto the bed and covered over him, hands wandering.
“So.” Tony looked down at the scattered containers, open dip packets, and spilled noodles. “Conclusion is…”
It was more a promise than a kiss, but Tony still flushed from head to toe. All he could do was nod.
because right now Tony’s marvelling at the amount of space in the four-inches-too-short khakis he’s wearing and wondering if the serum went all the way down or if the rather startling measurements JARVIS had taken for Steve’s suit redesign last year were canon from the start. But Steve, it seems, can’t read his mind, because he just shrugs and leans up against the wall beside Tony.
"So you should do it. At worst, the next few months are a little uncomfortable and at best, you get to build something together that can come back to the city with you, and maybe by then Bucky will trust you enough to tell you why he doesn't want to be around me."
“So now I’ve got you! And I want to commission you to paint something kickass for the lobby of my building. Money is really no object, so name your price. I’m not going to barter, I’m not that slick.”
Tony didn’t look up from the floor. The heat under his skin crackled hotter now, almost painful. He could do it alone, he’d done it before. Before Steve. When he’d come back from Afghanistan and the doctors had told him he couldn’t take the suppressants anymore. He’d managed, he always had. But with Steve… with Steve it hadn’t felt like a curse anymore. It’d felt like a blessing, that they got to share that. A perfect excuse to spend three days wrapped up in each other and say “fuck off” to the world.
He must have forgotten; Tony wouldn't be so cruel as to stand Steve up on purpose, would he? Steve couldn't imagine that he would be.
This is a recording of a live fic reading I did on the PotS server. Thank you to Sim, fan, ashes, snarkystarky, Calpuriel, and Won (and anyone who popped in and out and I didn't see!) for listening! This is an unedited live read, so apologies for any stumbles or sounds of dog's shaking in the background! :D
Steve spun around and burst into the most brilliant smile Tony had ever seen. Tony set off across the roof, ready to fling himself into Steve’s arms, but Steve held out a hand, halting him. “Wait,” he called. “They’re not great with strangers. I don’t want you to get hurt. You’re not allergic, are you?” Steve crossed the roof instead, winding between the sudden collection of stuff to get to Tony.
Bucky sighed and dropped his chin to his fist, watching Tony up at the chalkboard, carefully copying out a formula from his homework sheet. When he'd decided to take these night classes, there were several things he hadn't been expecting.
"Really?" Tony looked down at his completely unviolated wallet, something clenching in his chest. The untouched cash, the safe credit cards, the care in not blurting out in front of the whole coffee shop that he had Tony Stark's wallet - it was all a sign of something Tony couldn't quite put a name to but that felt good and real and special. Maybe something like… respect. "Thanks, Bucky." He opened the wallet and slid the card up to read the number. There was a little heart at the end of it. "Dinner at Amelia's? Friday night? With both of you?"
“Nope.” Tony breezed past him on the way to the treadmill. “And you should really use gloves instead.”
Tony had time for one more volley of curses before the creature pressed a tentacle between his lips, silencing him.
Later that day, the door to the workshop opened, and in walked the man with a star on his chest. He greeted Tony softly, then asked what he was looking at.
Deathlok swung his fist, and Tony dodged it, dipping under his arm to knock him back with a repulsor blast to the face. “You alright there, Steve?” he quipped. “I seem to remember you having more stamina.”
instead? Peggy had been wrong when she told Steve he didn't know how to talk to women. The truth was, he didn't know how to talk to anyone he liked, so the fact that he and Tony were friends at all was kind of a miracle.
You must see it. I wanted to make a happier fill, but 1872 is just so sad! So this is what came out, sorry.
But Steve’s floor was quiet and dark. There was no sleeping form tucked under the blankets in the bedroom, no light on in the bathroom, the balcony was still and empty and no mug sat on the kitchen counter and curled steam into the air.
Tony opened his mouth to quip back, but the tentacles started moving in a new way and he jerked back against the wall, eyes dropping to his crotch. A new kind of tentacle had wound its way up his leg, as long as the others but extremely thin, thinner than a pencil. It tapered off into a soft point and when it worked its way up the length of Tony's cock, it rubbed the tip against his slit. "Oh fuck, no no no." Tony struggled hard, tugging and shifting, but the tentacles held him fast, coiling around his limbs until he was bound tightly, sandwiched between the wall and Steve.
The rest of the team was excited to have Tony back from his trip and they’d made all kinds of food and decorations to welcome him home, but for Steve, having the tower Tony-free had been a blessing. It was just too hard to be around him after…
He’d been here, kneeling on the bed, for days, weeks maybe, it felt like. Steve gripped his cock, Tony’s hands trapped behind his back, his jaw stretched open by the wide ball gag. And Steve had said,
Tony leaned over the little fence that divided the vegetable patch from the rest of the garden and smiled back at his husband. “You know, if anyone had told me that moving to the country meant that you’d spend all your time up to your elbows in compost and I’d never see you, I might have made you stay in New York,” he teased.
Steve sighed, feeling a pout take over his face. Neither Bucky nor Tony was particularly known for immaculate sleep hygiene, but it was still unusual to wake up completely alone. Usually, at least one of them was still in bed at… He craned his head to check the clock and noticed something odd. Both Bucky and Tony’s pillows were missing from the bed.
Subject SR-616 will continue to be stimulated until AOGKR-5 has lost a statistically significant degree of potency.
None of the clothes fit quite right, but they cover Tony’s junk, and for the first time since landing, he lets out a full breath. He tips back against the wall, and closes his eyes for a moment.
“It is,” Steve said softly. “It’s my responsibility to bring us together, keep us all safe. Teamwork is vital to that.”
He takes another step, and he’s right at Tony’s side now, almost touching him. The puppy looks up and wags her tail, squirming in Tony’s hold, but he doesn’t let her go. He turns and looks at Steve now, with those melted chocolate eyes, and they flicker a bit - just a bit - and how has Steve not noticed that before? Not noticed the way heat creeps in at the corners of Tony’s expression whenever Steve is near?
Steve leaned in slowly, his eyes flicking down to Tony’s lips. Tony could feel the warmth of his closeness, and he found himself a bit dazzled by his - his everything. Tony sucked in a breath and parted his lips and Steve gently pressed against them. His mouth was warm and soft, his bottom lip slotting between Tony’s. Steve’s nose touched Tony’s cheek as he tipped his chin down to deepen the kiss, still chaste, but with a tiny nip of potential future spice that left Tony gasping when he pulled away.
“Nah, I stopped at the apartment.” Tony twined their fingers together and led Steve down the hall and into the living room. In the middle of a halo of boxes, upturned lamps, half-assembled furniture, and painting supplies, was a nest: three blankets, all the pillows they owned, a spread of takeout containers, and in the middle, an electric candle. Rowdy’s bowls were nearby, filled with water and kibble.
Nat could hear the rustle of fabric as Steve shrugged. She could imagine the cheeky smirk he’d be shooting Tony. “Just because you don’t know them, doesn’t mean we don’t have them.”
“Um.” Steve debated running, but although Mr. Stark appeared to be leaning casually against the brick wall opposite, there was still a tension in his frame that suggested he could move quickly. He was between Steve and the exit of the alley, and Steve’s asthma meant he could easily be outstripped.
“Oof!” Tony startled out of the doze he’d drifted into when a heavy weight landed on his lap. He blinked awake, the book he’d been failing to read slipping from his fingers.
Then Bucky jerked forward a little, leaning down, he paused again and Tony didn’t move, still as a deer in headlights.
Tony huffed and grabbed a corner of a quilt, tugging until Steve rolled over towards him and released one end of it. Tony pressed up against him, trying to tuck the quilt around himself, but his feet stuck out and no manner of tugging, wiggling, or begging was giving him any more blanket.
“-ck,” he finishes, in 1941. His stomach lurches as if his lunch was teleported two inches to the left of everything else of his, and then he looks down and realizes something else is missing entirely. Apparently, the Time Bomb doesn’t do fabrics.
The second Steve touched Iron Man for the first time, Tony found himself glad he hadn’t managed his coffee because if there was anything in his stomach, it’d all be coming back up. He’d heard about people being mate-sick, but this was beyond what he’d expected. Every time he caught Steve’s eyes through the visor of the helmet, he felt like his gut was being cut open anew, every smile a twist of the knife, every touch to his metal casing an iron grip on his heart and lungs.
Steve checked his watch again. The takeout was almost cold, the rest of the team long since departed, and Tony still hadn’t appeared. Steve huffed a sigh and poked at the styrofoam containers he’d tucked to the side to save for Tony. He sat in indecision for five more minutes before giving up and stacking the boxes in his arms. At the very least, he could put them down in Tony’s mini-fridge and JARVIS would remind him to eat them tomorrow.
Tony’s mouth tensed into a firm line. “It’s - I -” He sighed and set his tools down then ran a hand over his face. “There’s a broken piece, but this model is still the best of the lot. If I change it out entirely, I’ll have to modify the coupling too and… it’s a huge process. So, I really want to fix this one, but -” He cut off, and his brow creased. Steve longed to stroke it smooth again. “My hands are shaking too much,” Tony finally admitted quietly.
Steve twisted his face to press it into the crease of Tony’s arm, breathing him in. “I hate the cold.” There was a hairline fracture running through his voice.
Tony turned to where Steve had taken a gentle hold of his elbow. “What?” He laughed. “They’re about to do the cake and candles and stuff.”
Two days later, the very bad man was dressed from head to toe in his finest clothes. Tonight was the night he would finally have his date with Tony Stark. He had the ticket for the seat beside Tony, and after a full night of wonderful opera, he would admit that he was the gift-giver and Tony would be so grateful they’d go out for coffee after and Tony would fall in love with him. It was the perfect plan.
Steve smoothed over it with his thumb, shaking his head affectionately. There was a new mark there now - on the Tony of now - a ragged, red mark from when Tony had taken a hit from a Doombot without his armour.
Tony gathered Steve up in his arms and fired the repulsors. He landed on the tower's landing pad and walked right into the penthouse where he deposited Steve on the couch. "So what can I get you, my dear? Juice? Tea? Grilled cheese? Hot water bottle?"
“Tony…” Steve whispered, heart stuttering to a stop. He had to get to the hospital. If Iron Man was here that meant -
Steve smiled shakily and crossed the lab to settle on a stool next to Tony, ankles hooked on the bar so his legs folded up like a little kid’s. “So, um,” Steve started awkwardly. “I feel like I haven’t seen you in a little while. Everything okay?”
Steve tumbled out of the armour as he stepped forward and his legs went to jelly. Tony caught him, bracing both hands on his chest to keep him from stumbling right to the floor. “Incredible,” Steve finished.
Tony not-so-subtly checked his watch again then suppressed a sigh. Thirty-six minutes. He’d been sitting here like an idiot, completely silent, for thirty-six minutes, while Steve gushed over a woman in bright pink overalls with a pencil stuck in her wild, blonde hair.
Tony dug his fingers into Steve’s side, making him squirm and giggle. “I need my sleep cause you crazy kids are going to keep me up until midnight tonight.”
The soft, sweet melody that had drawn Steve here in the first place finally made an appearance, nothing more than a cameo yet, but already as familiar as an old friend to Steve. “Then, one of them starts to feel more,” Tony whispered, his voice carrying over the music easily as it faded into something soft and contemplative.
“Stop bickering and come back to bed,” Steve said, rolling onto his back. “Does she need to be fed or changed?”
Steve slapped a palm flat on the table to punctuate his words, legs tensing like he was going to stand, but he sunk back down, his other hand clenching and releasing again by his side. Hill, Fury, and Rumlow were getting more and more visibly frustrated, and none of them seemed to notice that Steve’s rope was stretched extremely thin.
Steve sighed again. "I'm supposed to be the one helping. Benching me is bad enough, but when it distracts you too -"
Not wanting to waste time starting up his computer to check the schedule, Tony made his way down the hall to his exam room, and knocked before opening the door.
Tony jolted awake to the sound of a high-pitched wail through the baby monitor. “Whose turn is it?” he muttered.
"Oh come on, Tony." Steve smiled. "Don't you think it's kind of romantic? In the dark in our little fort?"
Tony’s hand curled around Steve’s hip then slipped lower, and Steve sighed into his shoulder. He arched back, tried to get a handhold again, slipped again, and was set off into uproarious laughter again.
They fell into easy silence again, and Steve turned his attention back to the road. With the air vents back on low, he could hear the radio, burbling out classic hits. When AC/DC came on, Tony’s fingers started tapping on his thigh to the beat.
“Evicted. Immediately.” Tony poked him the side, and Steve laughed. They fell silent for a moment, and Steve thought Tony had fallen asleep until a soft kiss pressed to his collarbone. “Yeah,” Tony whispered in the dark. “They’re pretty damn cute.”
The plane hummed all around him, in that fundamental plane way. It rattled his teeth and set into his bones, and he knew when he stepped off, he’d feel a bit wobbly, like he’d walked too fast on a moving sidewalk and then suddenly hit solid ground again. The world would feel a bit different, a bit off-kilter - too loud and too quiet at the same time, with the thrum of the jet engines gone. The weather would be wrong, the sun too high in the sky, and he’d be both starving and a little nauseous all at once.
“Thank you,” he managed to get out, figuring he might as well placate him for now. Steve stood to go, needing to tell Tony. Even if he was being nice about it now, Greg having that information was a weapon he could unsheathe at any moment. He had no proof, but it seemed the popular media didn’t need that, nowadays. “Excuse me.”
When Tony revealed the blue band-aid covered with yellow rubber ducks, Ant opened his mouth wide enough that the binky fell out. "Dah?!" he asked again, this time with more urgency.
“Oh no!” She rested a hand on Steve’s arm, and Tony glared at it, willing it to burst into flames. It didn’t. “Tabitha, please. And not at all, Steve. It was a
Steve shifted closer, drawn into Tony's orbit. "Well… there's another doctor's appointment in a few weeks. You could come. They'll be a picture at that one. And we can do the DNA test. And maybe we can find a birthing class to take."
Still, Steve skipped the communal floor - where everyone was no doubt still welcoming Tony home - and went straight to his own. He wasn’t hungry - everything tasted like ash anyway, these days, and he needed a shower, and fresh clothes, and maybe a pep talk before he could face faking a smile around -
He breathed him in. Tony always smelled like heated metal and vermouth. No matter what. It was steadying, grounding. Steve was sure if he went blind he would still be able to find his way back to Tony.
But at the end of the leash that draped casually over his arm was a dog. The dog was about knee-high, trotting along at her owner’s heel with a wide, tongue-lolling smile. She was a cloud of golden-brown fluff, culminating in a wide ruff around her neck, so plush that her collar wasn’t visible, the leash simply disappearing into the fur somewhere behind her fuzz-covered, tip-tilted triangle ears.
“You really didn’t, doll,” Bucky insisted. He set the pretty cake box down and popped the sides open to reveal the most beautiful cake Steve had ever seen. Smooth white icing was covered in a web of perfect, sugary caramel, and it smelled heavenly, like white chocolate and sweet buttercream.
"I know, baby. I'm sorry." Steve pressed a kiss into his hair. "I mean, if it's me that's the problem, maybe you could ask him out just you?"
The bad man had a huge cupboard at the end of a long hallway, with tall shelves. And every shelf was full of different magical potions. He walked along the shelf, reading each label with a “no, no, no,” until he came to the right one. “Ah, yes!” He clapped his hands together. “Fall In Love. Just what I need.” After drinking this, Tony wouldn’t be able to disguise how he felt anymore.
"Dammit," he whispered under his breath, looking up after to make sure no one else was in the building's foyer. He closed the mailbox, being careful not to slam it, and turned to the staircase up to his apartment. The anticipation that had gotten him through the door, abandoned him like a balloon deflating, and he trudged up the stairs one at a time. Steve pushed through the door to find Bucky sprawled out on the couch, his shirt unbuttoned and a book held above his head with one hand. "And what have you been up to all day?" Steve all but growled.
Steve rounded on Greg, mouth opening, a threat and a plea both trying to squirm out of his throat at the same time. But Greg cut him off.
