John looked out to the crowd again, trying to hide his smile. “So, uh…how did you get started in this sport anyway?”
Thus passed the winter months, not only in peace, but in happiness, to John and Sherlock; the station of his regiment being so near Tholouse, as to allow this frequent visiting. The pavilion on the terrace was the favourite scene of their interviews, and there Sherlock, supervised by Monsieur Mycroft, would work, while John read aloud works of genius and taste, listened to Sherlock’s enthusiasm, expressed his own, and caught new opportunities of observing, that their minds were formed to constitute the happiness of each other.
Sherlock said he would light her, and they immediately quitted the chamber. When they had reached the top of the great stair-case, Sherlock recollected, that he might be seen by the Count, and, to avoid the great hall, Molly conducted them through some private passages to a back stair-case, which led directly to that of the servants.
They walked slowly back to the chateau, the sky purpling as surely as the bruise on Sherlock’s throat. At the end of the grove near the house, John pressed Sherlock to his heart.  John struggled to assume a composed air. 'Farewell, my love!' said he, in a voice of solemn tenderness—'trust me we shall meet again—meet for each other—meet to part no more!'
“I play the violin when I’m thinking and when I’m sometimes I don't talk for days on end. Would that bother you? As Captain, you should know the worst about your charges.”
The atmosphere in the knot of Team GB supporters changes palpably when Albers walks off and John and his coach walk on. Everyone sits up straighter, pays a bit more attention, and they certainly get louder. Phones come out of pockets, tracking John and his coach as the arena lights up their heads – one blond, one silver – and they start to powder up the bars. It is positively mesmeric, Sherlock thinks, the two of them walking along the bar, rubbing handfuls of chalk into its surface. Even Mycroft is not unaffected, Sherlock detecting a change in his breathing rates as they stroke the chalk over the bar’s length.
“Well, a 15.6 there for Muntean, with Deng Shudi of China coming up to the bars now. One of your favourite gymnasts, Kate?”
So here he is, bright and early, looking at John’s door, standing resolutely in one spot so as to avoid oscillation.
“At 27, this is likely his last games, disappointed in London after a shoulder injury just weeks prior to the games, finishing with a sixth-place finish in this event after just scraping into the finals.”
Sherlock continued, for some time after Moriarty had left him, in a state of despair, or rather stupefaction; a consciousness of misery was all that remained in his mind. In this situation Mycroft found him, at the sound of whose voice Sherlock looked up, and his brother, somewhat softened by the expression of despair, that fixed his countenance, spoke in a manner more kind than he had ever yet done. Sherlock's heart was softened, and he endeavoured to interest Mycroft in his behalf, and related the villainous threats made. But, though the compassion of his brother had been surprised, his ambition was not to be overcome, and his present object was to be the brother of a Count. Sherlock's efforts, therefore, were as unsuccessful as they had been with Moriarty, and he withdrew to his apartment to think alone. How often did he remember the parting scene with John, and wish, that the Italian had mentioned Moriarty's character with less reserve!
“Well, maybe don’t keep your phone in your back pocket if you don’t want it picked” said Sherlock, “although that wouldn’t stop me.”
He continued to play, till Molly brought dinner into the chamber, at which Sherlock was surprised, and enquired whose order she obeyed. 'My master’s,' replied Molly: 'the Signor ordered his dinner to be carried to his own apartment, and so your brother has sent you yours. There have been sad doings between them, worse than ever, I think.'
He went to set down the atrocious cup of mystery.  Could he put this repulsive liquid next to the medal?
'I can no longer remain here, sir,' said he, 'and I may be allowed to ask, by what right you detain me.'
John looks at Sherlock for a moment, hands on his knees as he sits on the bed. “Right.” He gets up, walks past Sherlock and out the bedroom door.
That evening Sherlock again had been summoned to his brother, who was again disputing with Moriarty.
“Well, three out of four. Take what you can get, that’s my advice.” He shifts up onto his knees, straddles Sherlock’s thighs.
Sherlock listened to the mention of this journey with pleasure, for he not only expected from it new ideas, but a release from the persevering assiduities of Count Wilkes. In the country, too, he would have leisure to think of John, and to indulge the melancholy, which his image awakened. The ideal scenes were dearer, and more soothing to his heart, than all the splendour of fabulous assemblies; they were a kind of talisman that expelled the poison of temporary evils, and supported his barely acknowledged hope of happy days: they appeared like a beautiful landscape, lighted up by a gleam of sun-shine, and seen through a perspective of dark and rugged rocks.
Lestrade is hissing into John’s ear as he drags him into the building, but John’s too busy thinking over his near-death experience to pay attention.
Sherlock looks at him and gives a little quirk of his mouth. “It’s my cross to bear,” he says, and John smiles again, wide and open.
Also I noticed overnight there were a whole bunch of new people that came to this work.  Yay! Where did you all come from?  You're all very much appreciated x
OMG Is this the re-entry of John to our narrative? Only time (and possibly future chapters) will tell!
“Oh,” says John, winding his free arm around Sherlock’s waist. “Well, let’s find a seat and see if we can get it on it again, shall we?”
Sherlock was still squirming on the beanbag when John returned, balancing a teacup and saucer in each hand. Extending his hand for the proffered saucer, the beanbag suddenly shifted and tipped, leaving his legs uselessly engulfed in the beanbag’s mass, hip only shielded from the ground by whatever fabric this infernal furniture was made out of, one arm thrown up over his head and the other was all that separated his face from the wet concrete. He blinked.  “Ah, John, some assistance may be required…”
“Charmed,” the man replied. “I say,” he muses, looking out one of the arched double-height windows onto the courtyard, “isn’t that Princess Anne out there?” Mary’s teacup barely makes it to the buffet table as she dashes for the door, phone in hand.
Sherlock smiles approvingly. “Clever, isn’t it?” he remarked. “The invisible man. Invisible weapon, too, apparently.”
‘If I had wished to explain my reasons’ said his father, ‘your promise would have been unnecessary. It is sufficient for you to merely understand the importance of observing me in this instance.  And I have yet another promise to receive from you, which is—that you will never, whatever may be your future circumstances, SELL the chateau.'
Here's some members of the Russian Artistic Gymnastics Team getting the bus back to the village.  Check out the
“Certainly I can,” snapped Sherlock. “In the re-enactment here, he takes the point of view of the gunman, not himself as purported victim. Notice he also points his fingers at the interviewer’s cheek and eye, not the forehead. Inconsistent. And the gesticulation for the handgun? Highly atypical. Two-fingered pointing softens the impact, any flight attendant or theme park employee will tell you.  He avoids using aggressive gestures subconsciously, because no aggression was perpetrated on him. Gesticulation, dark glasses and wear on the shirt collar indicate aggression on his part, likely under the influence of alcohol as we can see by the stained fingers. So I say again: Liar.”
in London as an 18 year old, but more recently has finished fourth all-around in the previous two World Championships. In top form here today, Kate, this could be a nail-biter.”
Sherlock hesitated at the entrance. ‘Sherlock, my own love! Pray, forgive me – the thought of going from you for ever – I cannot command myself!’ Sherlock looked back at John – he stood, bereft, arms at his sides, the deepest anguish writ across his face. With stumbling tread, Sherlock fell across the room to John’s breast, to have his body encased in the arms of him who would be his protector.
John snapped a quick photo on his phone before putting it carefully back in his jacket. Stamford, Murray and Knight to his left, chatting animatedly and gesturing up to the big screen where the dancers looked to be creating sculptures with big ribbons? Or elastic bands?  The commentary was impossible to hear clearly, so no help there. Anderson didn’t seem to be with them though, which was always a worry.
Sherlock, with trembling hands, now opened the small package, that had been pressed upon him; but faint hopes of aid were dashed when he saw only a few fruits and a small flask of wine.
So John does, only to find Violet must have been studying up on gymnastics as he’s also quizzed about the conduct of the Ukrainians in the team final (outrageous!), the revised scoring system (mathematically more interesting but less pleasing without the perfect 10), and new developments in vaulting (Radivilov: ambition over sense?). Unable to contribute to Violet’s calculation of the joules of kinetic energy Simone Biles must need for the double layout, John steals a sidelong glance at Sherlock. Long legs crossed, one hand languidly propping up his head; he is staring into the trifle cup as if hoping it will develop sentience. John’s attention is brought back into the conversation by Mycroft interrupting it.
Count Wilkes now passed the greater part of his time at Moriarty's, dining there almost daily, and attending Mycroft and Sherlock wherever they went; and all this, notwithstanding the uniform rudeness of Sherlock, whose brother seemed as anxious as Moriarty to promote this marriage; and would never dispense with his attendance at any assembly where the Count proposed to be present.
'It is useless to deny it,' said Monsieur Mycroft, 'I see in your countenance, that you are no stranger to this letter; and, I dare say, you have received many such from this impertinent young man, without my knowledge, in my own house!'
“Don’t you like my singing?” John breathes out onto Sherlock’s heated skin, planting a wet kiss at the base of his neck. “I like telling you you’re tall and pale and young and lovely.”
“Right, gents, nicely done. Five minutes before the rhythmic girls come in, so let’s have a round or two each. Knight, parallel bars. Anderson, high bar, and watch your landing; none of that mess from this morning. Stamford, pommel; Murray, back here on the vault. Watson on the floor. Let’s go!”
Mary laughed. “You’ve got the muscles for it though.” Sherlock’s expression had gone from flinty to stony. Positively rocky, even.
Bill raised his eyebrows. “You want something to swallow?  Get after your boy genius then, why don’t you? Or are you not as desperate for dick as you look?”
Early on the following morning, as Sherlock crossed the hall to the ramparts, he heard a noisy bustle in the court-yard, and the clatter of horses' hoofs. Such unusual sounds excited his curiosity; and, instead of going to the ramparts, he went to an upper casement, from whence he saw, in the court below, a large party of horsemen, dressed in a singular, but uniform, habit, and completely, though variously, armed. They wore a kind of short jacket, composed of black and scarlet, and several of them had a cloak, of plain black, which, covering the person entirely, hung down to the stirrups. As one of these cloaks glanced aside, he saw, beneath, daggers, apparently of different sizes, tucked into the horseman's belt. He further observed, that these were carried, in the same manner, by many of the horsemen without cloaks, most of whom bore also pikes, or javelins. On their heads, were the small Italian caps, some of which were distinguished by black feathers. Whether these caps gave a fierce air to the countenance, or that the countenances they surmounted had naturally such an appearance, Sherlock thought he had never, till then, seen an assemblage of faces so savage. He discovered, among the band, some of the strangers he had lately seen at the castle.  While Sherlock gazed, he almost fancied himself surrounded by banditti; and a deduction came to his mind—that Moriarty was the captain of the group, and that this castle was to be the place of rendezvous.
After some time, however, Sherlock spoke of his father, and gave a brief account of the manner of his death; during which recital John's countenance betrayed strong emotion, and, when he heard that Holmes had died on the road, and that Sherlock had been left among strangers, he pressed Sherlock’s hand between his, and involuntarily exclaimed, 'Why was I not there!' but in the next moment recollected himself, for he immediately returned to the mention of M. Holmes; till, perceiving that Sherlock’s spirits were exhausted, John suggested they walk about; and gradually changed the subject, and spoke of himself. Sherlock thus learned that, after they had parted, John had wandered, for some time, along the shores of the Mediterranean, and had then returned through Languedoc into Gascony, which was his native province, and where he usually resided.
The fantastic splendour of this spectacle, together with the grandeur of the surrounding palaces, appeared like the vision of a poet suddenly embodied, and the images of John, and of what they might do when reunited, which it awakened in Sherlock's mind, lingered there long after the procession had passed away.
“Nope,” said Sherlock, with the pop of the ‘p’. “Gymnastics is not the only thing in life, you know John,” burst Sherlock suddenly. “Not the only game.”
Sherlock was silent; his deduction that no mistake had been committed was confirmed; it was evident, that Moriarty's conduct had been by design.  With fresh energy Sherlock, anticipated his reception by Mons. Anderson; considered what he should say on the subject of Bakersfield; and how best to introduce his plan of seeking board in a religious house.
Mike swallows his mouthful and looks at him with a knowing little smile. “There’s tea in the room over there,” he says, pointing. John is suddenly stricken by terrible thirst and makes a sound of inexpressible longing. Smiling, Mike makes a shooing motion at John, and then picks up all the remaining canapes.
'Desolate enough, young sir,' replied La Voisin, 'I would not pass one night in the chateau, for the value of the whole domain.'
“If you’re going through my things, you can get me out some clean pants,” called out John to the rustling in the hallway, which ceased satisfactorily. “Give me 5 for a shower. And put the kettle on, I’ll make my own tea.” John felt Sherlock’s eyes on him as he walked past into the small bathroom and smirked.
'You have lately seen one terrible example of obstinacy and folly; yet this, it appears, has not been sufficient to deter you.—I could tell you of others—I could make you tremble at the bare recital.'
“Very impressive – some small wobbles there in the middle but he managed to contain it – very impressive, now he did score a 15.8 in qualifying, so it’ll certainly be the high 15’s here, high start value as well, so the rest of the field will certainly be put on attention.”
‘My Sherlock’ said John mournfully, fingers tightly wound in his beloved’s hair. ‘What shall we do?’
Holmes, who was much pleased with him, invited him to go further, but did not repeat the invitation, and John had resolution enough to forego the temptation of accepting it, that he might prove himself not unworthy of the favour. On the following morning, therefore, they were to part, Holmes to pursue his way to Languedoc, and John to explore new scenes among the mountains, on his return home. During this evening he was often silent and thoughtful; Sherlock was serious. After one of the most melancholy evenings they had yet passed together, they separated for the night.
'You need not tell us that, good woman,' said Molly; 'every room in the castle feels like a well. I wonder how you contrive to live here; for my part, I wish myself at Venice again.' Sherlock waved his hand for Caterina to fetch the wood.
Sherlock, after making sense of his jumble of thoughts, left his brother and sought Moriarty. ‘Your husband is now dying, sir,' said Sherlock, as soon as he saw him—'Your resentment, surely will not pursue him to the last moment! Suffer him to be removed from that forlorn room to his own apartment, and to have necessary comforts administered.'
shows how such a function would look and also how the building looks lit up at night (beautiful).  This is the room where John and the Holmeses have their chat.
goes for three hours, so my advice is to grab some eggnog and invent a drinking game.  The Brits come in at about the 30 minute mark, and there are some fun shots at 1:13:00ish of the light-up shoes when everyone's seated.
He would have left the spot immediately, had he not been conscious, that this conduct would have shewn John more obviously the interest he held in his heart. The Count was continuing: 'The lady,' said he, 'dancing with that young Chevalier, who appears to be accomplished in every thing, but in dancing, is ranked among the beauties of Tholouse. She is handsome, and her fortune will be very large. I hope she will make a better choice in a partner for life than she has done in a partner for the dance, for I observe he has just put the set into great confusion; he does nothing but commit blunders. I am surprised, that, with his air and figure, he has not taken more care to accomplish himself in dancing.'
Holmes, as he sometimes lingered to examine the wild plants in his path, often looked forward with pleasure to Sherlock and John, as they strolled on together; Sherlock, with a countenance of animated delight, pointing to John’s attention some interesting fact about the scene; and John, listening with a look of tender seriousness. They appeared like two lovers who had never strayed beyond these their native mountains; and who knew no other happiness, than in the union of pure and affectionate hearts. Holmes smiled, and sighed at the romantic picture of felicity his fancy drew.
When he had attempted to open the door of the chamber, Mycroft was slipping out of consciousness, and this occasioned the silence, which had contributed to delude Sherlock into a belief, that his brother was no more; yet had his terror permitted him to persevere longer in the call, he would probably have awakened Mycroft, and have been spared much suffering. The spectacle in the portal-chamber, which afterwards confirmed Sherlock's horrible suspicion, was the corpse of a man, who had fallen in the affray, and the same which had been borne into the servants' hall, where he took refuge from the tumult. This man had lingered under his wounds for some days; and, soon after his death, his body had been removed on the couch, on which he died, for interment in the vault beneath the chapel, through which Sherlock and Barnardine had passed to the chamber.
Attempting to regroup his dignity, Sherlock strode towards the table, trying to look as stately as possible with an armful of trainers and duffel bags. Dumping everything in a pile, he perched on the edge of one of the bar stools and observed John carefully making his way towards him, teacups rattling a touch on their saucers, mouth pursed with concentration. Reaching the table, he placed the beverages down, looking inordinately pleased with himself at managing to deliver them safely. “I assumed milk?” Sherlock nodded – “Sugar?”  With the air of a magician, John reached into the left pocket of his hoodie and extracted some sugar sticks, placing them on the table. “But wait!” he said “there’s more!”, proudly producing a silver teaspoon. Sherlock grabbed at the sugar and spoon. “But wait!” John cried again, “There’s
‘Should we ever meet again!' Sherlock sighed; before hastily turning, for she heard footsteps approaching, and then the door of the pavilion open, and, on turning, she saw—John! An emotion of mingled pleasure, surprise and apprehension pressed so suddenly upon his heart as almost to overcome his spirits; the colour left his cheeks, then returned brighter than before, and he was for a moment unable to speak, or to rise from his chair.  It was difficult to tell which predominated—the joy of seeing John, or the anxiety of her brother’s displeasure, when he should hear of this meeting. After some short and embarrassed conversation, Sherlock led John into the gardens, and enquired if he had seen Monsieur Mycroft. 'No,' said he, 'I have not yet seen him, for they told me he was engaged, and as soon as I learned that you were in the gardens, I came hither.'
Moriarty, when he removed his husband to the turret under the improbable suspicion of having attempted his life, had ordered the men employed on the occasion, to observe a strict secrecy. To this he was influenced by a double motive. He meant to debar Mycroft from the comfort of Sherlock's visits, and to secure an opportunity of privately dispatching him, should any new circumstances occur to confirm the present suggestions of his suspecting mind. With his consciousness of the hatred he deserved, it was natural enough that he should at first led him to attribute to Mycroft the attempt that had been made upon his life; and, though there was no other reason to believe that he was concerned in that atrocious design, his suspicions remained; he continued to confine him in the turret, under a strict guard; and, without pity or remorse, had suffered his husband to lie, forlorn and neglected, under a raging fever, till it had reduced him to the present state.
“Ye-es,” replied Victor, looking at Sherlock as if he expected him to remark on John’s perfect grasp of the obvious. Sherlock, however, made no response.
The man smiles lazily before continuing. “I would prefer for various reasons that my concern go unmentioned. We have what you might call a ... difficult relationship.”
John had now obtained leave of absence from his regiment when he made the excursion into the Pyrenees, which was the means of introducing him to Holmes; and, as this permission was nearly expired, he was the more anxious to declare himself to Sherlock's family, from whom he reasonably apprehended opposition, since his fortune, though, with a moderate addition from Sherlock’s, would be sufficient to support them, would not satisfy the views, either of vanity, or ambition. John was not without the latter, but he saw golden visions of promotion in the army; and believed, that with Sherlock he could, in the mean time, be delighted to live within the limits of his humble income. His thoughts were now occupied in considering the means of securing an address with Sherlock’s family, as he was entirely ignorant of Sherlock's precipitate departure from Bakersfield.
He looked on the face of the person who spoke, but the feeble light, that gleamed through the high casement at the end of the gallery, did not permit him to distinguish the features.
'I do not care,' replied Mycroft, 'it does not signify: I will not submit to such usage. You would have me give up my settlements, too, I suppose!'
Let's talk Rhythmic Gymnastics (RG)!  At the Olympics it is only one of two sports competed only by one gender (the other is synchronised swimming), and they are both women's sports.  The athletes complete four routines each with different apparatus: hoop, ball, ribbon, and clubs.  In lower levels they also compete with the rope.
“At least a 15.5 or a 15.6 there, very nice routine, Moran showing what he’s come for… and it’s a 15.8, excellent score, John Watson on notice with that one!”
He sighs, sits down cross legged on the floor, arranges his warm robe about himself, and opens the door to his mind palace. On the bottom left hand side of the hallway is an elegant display stand; mahogany, Queen Anne legs. On it rests a collection of little glass objects not unlike snowdomes. He picks up one; turns it over. A clear blue bay sheltered by high white cliffs is there; the aroma of pine trees floats up around him. After looking at it a moment, he puts it down; picks up another, bigger than the rest. In this one, a wide blue sea stretches out to meet a distant horizon, only interrupted by a golden body in the waves. It smells like cheap sunscreen and mint ice-creams. He brings it up to eye level and looks in.
“So, did you say your coach used to train the Russian teams?  They’ve just qualified second,” said John, steering into more neutral territory. He leant closer to Sherlock to hear his answer over the enthusiastic applause for the final routine in this rotation.
“Now, Lin, the Chinese athlete fifth coming into this rotation takes the floor…. Ooh!! A big tumble at the start Irene! Oh no, another!”
'What! I, monsieur!—I! not for the world!' Sherlock, turning round, saw Molly's countenance grow pale. 'And pray, what have you heard of this picture, to terrify you so?' said he. 'Nothing, monsieur: I have heard nothing, only let us find our way out.'
Having stopped to take up Signor Douglas at a chateau on the road, the travellers, of whom Sherlock was disrespectfully seated with Monsieur Moriarty's maidservant in a second carriage, pursued their way over the plains of Languedoc. The presence of this servant restrained Sherlock from reading John's letter, for he did not choose to expose the emotions it might occasion to the observation of any person. Yet such was his wish to read this last communication, that his trembling hand was every moment on the point of breaking the seal.
'Why, it is scarcely inhabited, for our lord the Marquis, and the lord of all these find woods, too, is dead. He had not once been in it, for these many years, and his people, who have the care of it, live in a cottage close by.' Sherlock now understood this to be the chateau, which La Voisin had formerly pointed out, as having belonged to the Marquis Lestrade, on the mention of which his father had appeared so much affected.
“Jesus, Mike, are you all right?” John exclaimed, leaving Sherlock’s side to grip his friend’s arms.
As they travelled Sieger found great pleasure in conversing with John, and in listening to his remarks. Holmes discovered in his sentiments the justness and the dignity of an elevated mind, unbiased by intercourse with the world. John believed well of all mankind - this opinion, the reflected image of his own heart.
Christ, there was Anderson – shadow boxing whilst unsuccessfully attempting to look subtly over at – was it spots? Freckles? No, he was looking at Sally. Sally?? Surely, the woman had better sense. You didn’t get to the Olympics without a good sense of self preservation, especially in a brutal sport like gymnastics. Surely, she wouldn’t look twice at Anderson poncing around like the terrible, horrible lovechild of Sly Stallone and Jean-Claude Van Damme.
Sherlock was horrified, and enquired by what right Moriarty exerted this unlimited authority over him?   'By what right!' cried Moriarty, with a malicious smile, 'by the right of my will! I now remind you, for the last time, that you are a stranger, in a foreign country, and that it is your interest to make me your friend; you know the means; if you compel me to become your enemy—I will venture to tell you, that the punishment shall exceed your expectation. You are not friendless – but I can ensure that you will be.  Your servant, Mrs Hudson; the young chevalier Watson – do not think me ignorant of their existence and the means of terminating it.  You may know I am not to be trifled with.'
'I will have no more argument,' said Moriarty, with a look that made Sherlock’s spirits tremble. 'What had I but trouble to expect, when I condescended to reason with a baby! But I will be trifled with no longer: let the recollection of your brother's sufferings, in consequence of his folly and obstinacy, teach you a lesson.—Sign the papers.'
“No changing rooms?  Have you never been to the beach before?” said John. At Sherlock’s defensive look, he continued, “No, don’t answer. Just get changed under your towel.”
'What do you waste time for, there?' said Barnardine with an oath, as he approached the horsemen. 'Dispatch—dispatch!'
Did you know the Team GB kit was designed by Stella McCartney (noted designer and daughter of Sir Paul)?
“Not tall enough,” was the disinterested response from Anthea, barely glancing away from her Blackberry.
'Whither have you been rambling so early?' said Monsieur Mycroft, as his brother entered the breakfast-room. 'I do not approve of these solitary walks;' and Sherlock was surprised, when, having informed Mycroft, that he had been no further than the gardens, he understood these to be included in the reproof. 'I desire you will not walk there again at so early an hour unattended,' said Monsieur Mycroft; 'my gardens are very extensive; and a young man, who can make assignations by moon-light, at Bakersfield, is not to be trusted to his own inclinations elsewhere.'
'Are you sincere, brother mine?' 'Is it possible you can doubt it?' Mycroft appeared to be affected. 'You are not unworthy of these estates, brother,' said he: 'I would wish to keep them for your sake—you shew a virtue I did not expect.'
His figure and address made him a welcome visitor, wherever he had been introduced, and he soon frequented the most gay and fashionable circles of Paris. Among these, was the assembly of the Countess Sawyer, a woman of eminent beauty and captivating manners. Her suppers were the most tasteful of any in Paris, and were frequented by many of the second class of literati. She was fond of music, was herself a scientific performer, and had frequently concerts at her house. John, who passionately loved music, and who sometimes assisted at these concerts, admired her execution, but remembered with a sigh the eloquent simplicity of Sherlock's songs and the natural expression of his manner, which found its way at once to the heart.
Another gate delivered them into the second court, grass-grown, and more wild than the first, where, as he surveyed through the twilight its desolation—its lofty walls, overtopt with briony, moss and nightshade, and the embattled towers that rose above,—long-suffering and murder came to his thoughts. One of those instantaneous and unaccountable convictions, which sometimes conquer even strong minds, impressed with its horror. The sentiment was not diminished, when he entered an extensive gothic hall, obscured by the gloom of evening, which a light, glimmering at a distance through a long perspective of arches, only rendered more striking. As a servant brought the lamp nearer partial gleams fell upon the pillars and the pointed arches, forming a strong contrast with their shadows, that stretched along the pavement and the walls.
The structural integrity of John’s teeth is at serious risk as he loads up a few more things on his tray and turned to seek out a table, seeing Bill waving at him ostentatiously from a table that also contains Mike, Molly, Henry and Sarah.
'Count Wilkes! You think me now in your power; but you will observe, that this is not the conduct which can win the esteem you appear so solicitous to obtain, and that you are preparing for yourself a load of remorse, in the miseries of a friendless orphan, prepared now to destroy himself, which can never leave you. Do you believe your heart to be, indeed, so hardened, that you can look without emotion on my lifeless corpse, smashed on the battlements below?'—-
Mike exhaled loudly through his mouth, going back to his left foot. “Thought about it all night, can’t get it out of my head.”
. Tall, a head taller at least than John. The uniform’s white shorts left his calves exposed – pale skin that seemed to go on forever, his calves long and lightly muscled.  Every male athlete, John included, was sporting the navy blue uniform coat – but on this man, the coat was something else. He’d popped the collar – the strong angles of the coat echoed in cheekbones so sharp you could cut yourself on them. John’s eye helplessly followed the collar’s lines to where the coat nestled under a cascade of dark curls. Used to the utilitarian cuts of his male teammates or the slicked back hair of the women – achieved with some dark, ozone depleting art no doubt – the man’s wild curls seemed somehow indecent, and John’s hands closed involuntarily, imagining how they might feel under his fingertips. His eyes, a piercing blue even in the dim light of the backstage hall. And those lips – that defined Cupid’s bow – oh, God. But, Oh God! The lips John was mooning over were moving and John had missed everything being said and now this long tall drink of gorgeous was looking at John expectantly. John’s brain kicked back in. Or made some sort of attempt, anyway. “Stunning! Er, the ceremony I mean! Amazing, isn’t it? So, welcome to Rio! To the team, I mean.”
Sherlock’s breath was hot on John’s ear as he bent down, his voice low and fast. “I know you’re an artistic gymnast and you were injured in a fall from the rings. Left shoulder. You’re a medical student, not yet graduated because you can only study part time, at either Bart’s or Imperial. Thinking about the army after graduation but you’re not sure what to do with your life. You’ve got a brother, but you won’t go to him for advice, because you don't approve of him, possibly because he's an alcoholic, more likely because he recently walked out on his wife. And I know these will be your last Olympics before retirement and you feel like you’ve got something to prove here. That’s enough to be going on with, don’t you think?”
“No!” he hissed to himself.  “Look upon this, and observe it, for you are now alone! Alone is what you have! Loneliness must be your protection!”
“Not to worry Johnny… plenty of talent here,” reassured Murray with a speculative look out over the crowd.
Still with that smile, John slides one hand up his chest (rectus abdominus. Pectoralis major) and over his shoulder (deltoid), takes a gentle hold of the strap of his leotard and slides one arm out of it. Sherlock’s chest feels peculiar. John slides the other arm out of his uniform and rucks it down his body, arranging it neatly on his hips (rather low on the hip) and walking closer on the bars. It reveals a patch of purple bruising, shot through with red scrapes, the sort you might get trying not to fall off a rooftop. Sherlock wheezes in a breath of air.
One painful scene yet awaited him, for he determined to visit again his father's grave; and though his command over his emotions would certainly not fail, he decided to defer his visit, till every inhabitant of the monastery, except the monk who promised to bring him the key of the church, should be retired to rest. Sherlock remained in his chamber, till he heard the convent bell strike twelve, when the monk came with the key of a private door, that opened into the church, and they descended together the narrow winding stair-case, that led thither. The monk offered to accompany Sherlock to the grave, adding, 'It is melancholy to go alone at this hour;' but Sherlock dismissed him.
Sherlock swallows and looks out at the eddies and swirls of the people below, the Olympic village going about its business.
John bellows, still on the ground; the man turns; and Sherlock is up on the aircon unit with his hands around the attacker’s wrist; grappling for control of the weapon.  The attacker jerks back, and Sherlock, still holding on, kicks out, teetering on the aircon unit as the man in black reels.
But it’s too late, Sieger is peering into the envelope with an expression of rapture. He sticks his hand in and pulls out a few, gazing at the glint of brass and enamel in his palm. “Oh, John,” he says emotionally, looking at the others rattling around in the bottom of the envelope. “Look at them all.”
As Sherlock drew near the great hall, the sounds he heard and the people met in the passages renewed his alarm. The latter, however, were peaceable, and did not interrupt him, though they looked earnestly at him, as he passed, and sometimes spoke. On crossing the hall towards the cedar room, where Moriarty usually sat, he perceived, on the pavement, fragments of swords, some tattered garments stained with blood, and almost expected to have seen among them a dead body; but from such a spectacle he was, at present, spared. As he approached the room, the sound of several voices issued from within, and a dread of appearing before many strangers, as well as of irritating Moriarty by such an intrusion, made him pause. The voices within were not in contention, though he distinguished those of several of the guests of the preceding day; when, as he turned from the door to search for a servant, it was suddenly opened by Moriarty himself.
The look of haughty and impatient displeasure, with which Monsieur Mycroft regarded them, made Sherlock understand from a single glance, that this meeting was believed to have been more than accidental; and in tones of great haughtiness sent Sherlock away that he might have a private conversation with John.  When Mycroft returned to the chateau, his countenance expressed ill-humour, but not the degree of severity, which Sherlock had apprehended. 'I have dismissed this young man, at last,' said he, 'and I hope my house will never again be disturbed with similar visits’.
As Sherlock sat after supper at a little window, that opened upon the country, observing an effect of the moon-light on the broken surface of the mountains, and remembering that on such a night as this he once had sat with his father and John, resting upon a cliff of the Pyrenees, he played long-drawn notes upon his violin, of such tone and delicacy of expression, as harmonized exactly with the tender emotions he was indulging. The sweet and plaintive strains soon lulled him into a reverie, from which he was very unwillingly roused by Molly, Mycroft’s maidservant, who came to inform Sherlock that Moriarty had given orders to have the carriages ready at an early hour on the following morning; and added, that he meant to dine at Turin.
The abbess received him with an air of maternal tenderness; an air of such gentle solicitude and consideration, as made Sherlock instantly more unhappy; her smoothness on the rough edges of his mind jarring him.  'Be composed, my son,' said the abbess in a soothing voice, 'do not speak yet; I know all you would say. Your spirits must be soothed. We are going to prayers; we will go to the chapel.'
“The tension is palpable, Kate, the audience on the edge of their seats. You can practically smell it in the air. Everything will be decided by the final rotation.”
'Soon after sun-set,' said he, 'I will be at the end of the east rampart. Tell Barnardine,' he added, 'to be punctual to the time; for that I, also, may be observed by Signor Moriarty. Where is the Signor? I would speak with him.'
, John thinks as he waits for the little scrum at the doors of the minibus to clear. He snaps a photo from the window before leaving, the bronze medal round his neck striking against his chest as he steps out onto the ground.
The general magnificence of that city, with its vistas of churches and palaces, branching from the grand square, each opening to a landscape of the distant Alps or Apennines, was not only such as Sherlock had never seen in France, but almost beyond the means of his deduction.
When they were alone, he held out his hand to his son, and fixed his eyes upon his countenance, with an expression so full of tenderness and grief, that all Sherlock’s fortitude forsook him, and hot tears cascaded over his cheeks. Holmes seemed struggling to acquire firmness, but was still unable to speak; he could only press Sherlock’s hand, and check the tears that stood trembling in his eyes.
“Yeah, I already have a boyfriend, sorry. Jim takes up so much of my time….” Molly broke off with a breathless giggle.
“This is my coach, Greg Lestrade,” John says, and Greg does the round of handshakes as John names Sherlock’s family. If Lestrade’s handshake seems to be held for a mite longer than usual when he reaches Mycroft, well, there’s nothing to remark on there. And if Mycroft seems to flush a little, well, Greg can bloody well look after himself, grown man that he is.
To withdraw his thoughts, however, from the subject of his misfortunes, he attempted to read, but his attention wandered from the page, and, at length, he threw aside the book, and determined to explore the adjoining chambers of the castle. His imagination was pleased with the view of ancient grandeur, and an emotion of melancholy awe awakened all its powers, as he walked through rooms, obscure and desolate, where no footsteps had passed probably for many years, and remembered the strange history of the former possessor of the edifice. This brought to his recollection the veiled picture, which had attracted his curiosity, on the preceding night, and he resolved to examine it. As he passed through the chambers, that led to this, he found himself somewhat agitated; its connection with the late lady of the castle, and the conversation of Molly, together with the circumstance of the veil, throwing a mystery over the subject, that excited a faint degree of terror.
To Moriarty he looked with equal despondency, since it was evident that this plan of separation originated with him, and it was not probable, that he would relinquish his own views to entreaties, which he must have foreseen and have been prepared to resist. Yet more in love with Sherlock than with his pride, John was careful to do nothing that might unnecessarily irritate Moriarty, he wrote to him, therefore, not to demand an interview, but to solicit one, and endeavoured to wait with calmness his reply.
Never had Sherlock felt the importance of the lessons, which had taught him to restrain his sensibility, so much as in these moments, and never had he practised them with a triumph so complete. But when the last was over, he sunk at once under the pressure of his sorrow, and then perceived that it was hope, and not reason, which had supported him. Holmes was for a time too devoid of comfort himself to bestow any on his son.
'Aye, the repairs,' said Carlo: 'a part of the roof of the great hall has fallen in, and all the winds from the mountains rushed through it last winter, and whistled through the whole castle so, that there was no keeping one's self warm, be where one would. There, my wife and I used to sit shivering over a great fire in one corner of the little hall, ready to die with cold, and'—
By hastening to Musgrovio he intended to remove Sherlock from the reach of Wilkes, as well as to break off the affair: if the Count meant what he called honourably, he would doubtless follow Sherlock, and sign the writings in question. If this was done, so little consideration had Moriarty for Sherlock’s welfare, that he would not have scrupled to sacrifice him to a man of ruined fortune, since by that means he could enrich himself; and he forbore to mention the motive of his sudden journey, lest the hope it might revive should render Sherlock more intractable, when submission would be required.
As part of that I think I need a cover for this work and had some fun with graphic design tonight.  Let me know which one is your fave!
John reached out and grabbed Mike’s hand, staring into the round face of his friend. “Mike, it’s bullshit what happened. Everyone fucking hates it. Her Olympics might be fucked. But don’t let it fuck yours too. Like Lestrade says, get in the tunnel. You can’t look back in the tunnel, you can’t look around. You can only look forward.” John raised a finger in front of his face and Mike stared at it, caught between hypnosis and alarm. “Get in the tunnel, Mike. It’s tunnel time.”
“Aaahhhh…well… this is kind of awkward,” said John as the door creaked closed behind a murderous-looking Sherlock.
, he thought with some satisfaction. His medal gleamed softly even in the dull light of the room, sitting innocuously on the miniscule nightstand where he’d placed it before falling face-first onto the bed last night. He smiled, a deep purr of satisfaction coming from his chest. So much
John thinks he can see the faintest hint of a blush form on Mycroft’s cheeks. “Ah, yes, likewise? Um.”
: Poison! Abductions! Tyrannical Husbands! All your favourite gothic tropes, right here in the Mysteries of Musgrovio!
‘What! Carlo, no! No!’ cried Sherlock in all the terror of despair when he realised he had been deceived. ‘No!’
Sherlock's spirits were roused by astonishment, as he heard his brother accused of the crime. Meanwhile Mycroft’s agitation did not permit him to reply; alternately his complexion varied from livid paleness to a crimson flush; and he trembled,—but, whether with fear, or with indignation, it were difficult to decide.
Victor seemed slightly taken aback but took the offered hand. “Victor Trevor.  Team France,” he said, before turning immediately back to Sherlock. “How are you?  You look…good, Sherlock.”
With the formal gymnastics programme over, it's time for the Gala event, a fun and informal exhibition day for the athletes to show off a little.  John's a natural.
Surprise was not John’s predominant emotion on hearing of these hasty nuptials; and, when he learned, that they were to be the means of delaying his own, and that the very ornaments of the chateau, which had been prepared to grace the nuptial day of his Sherlock, were to be degraded to the celebration of Moriarty's, grief and indignation agitated him alternately. He could conceal neither from the observation of Sherlock, and, when, at length, he took leave, there was an earnest tenderness in his manner, which extremely affected Sherlock; he stood watching after John for some time, yet knew not exactly why he should do so.
'You hear, that Moriarty is a villain,' exclaimed Wilkes with vehemence,—'a villain who would have sold you to my love!—Who—-'
'It was very inconsiderate of my brother,' resumed Monsieur Mycroft, 'to leave the trouble of overlooking your conduct to me; I wish you was well settled in life. But if I find, that I am to be further troubled with such visitors as this M. Hotson, I shall place you in a monastery at once;—so remember the alternative. This young man has the impertinence to own to me,—he owns it! that his fortune is very small, and that he is chiefly dependent on an elder brother and on the profession he has chosen! He should have concealed these circumstances, at least, if he expected to succeed with me. Had he the presumption to suppose I would marry my brother to a person such as he describes himself!'
Bill leant back in his chair, one foot up on his knee as he stretches his arms expansively. “You really need to relax, mate. Lighten up.”
While he was absent, Sherlock's thoughts returned to the picture; an unwillingness to expose Molly, his single friend in the castle, to the vengeance of Moriarty, had checked his enquiries on this subject. He was now, however, inclined to go back to the apartment and examine the picture; but the loneliness of the hour and of the place, with the melancholy silence that reigned around him, conspired with a certain degree of dread, excited by the mystery attending this picture, to prevent him. He determined, however, when day-light should have re-animated his spirits, to go thither and remove the veil.
'Ungrateful man!' said Mycroft, 'he has deceived me in every respect; and now he has taken me from my country and friends, to shut me up in this old castle; and, here he thinks he can compel me to do whatever he designs! But he shall find himself mistaken, he shall find that no threats can alter—But who would have believed! who would have supposed, that a man of his family and apparent wealth had absolutely no fortune?—no, scarcely a sequin of his own! I did all for the best; I thought he was a man of consequence, of great property, or I am sure I would never have married him,—ungrateful, artful man!' He paused to take breath.
Sherlock, deducing that his ramble in the garden on the night preceding his departure from Bakersfield had been observed, now mentioned the motive of it, at which Monsieur Mycroft smiled contemptuously, refusing either to accept this explanation, or to give reasons for refusing it; and, soon after, concluded the subject by saying, 'I never trust people's assertions, I always judge of them by their actions; but I am willing to try what will be your behaviour in future.'
“Well, Irene, Watson beginning now, pushed so hard in the all-around to come away with the bronze, let’s see what he can do.”
Sherlock, again looked round, in search of a possibility of escape from the castle, and conversed with Mycroft on the subject, who was now willing to encounter any hazard, though Sherlock forbore to encourage a hope in his brother, which he himself did not admit. How strongly the edifice was secured, and how vigilantly guarded, he knew too well; and trembled to commit their safety to the caprice of the servant, whose assistance they must solicit. Old Carlo was compassionate, but he seemed to be too much in his master's interest to be trusted by them; Molly could of herself do little, and Sherlock knew Hopkins only from her report. At present, however, these considerations were useless, Mycroft and Sherlock both being shut up from all intercourse, even with the persons, whom there might be these reasons to reject.
It’s a beautiful night outside; dusk is falling but the warmth of the day still lingers, and with it the slight salty tang of the ocean. For having spent two hours sitting watching other people compete, John is exhausted; and from the look on Violet and Sieger’s faces, they are feeling it too. John’s legs feel a bit wobbly, but Sherlock’s parents look like they are holding each other up as they wave off Mycroft a few paces away. They’re then immediately spied by a BBC camera crew and John watches a few paces away as they are interviewed for the folks back home; teary, gushy and so, so proud. John feels as if the smile will never leave his face.
Sherlock seemed to stiffen slightly and looked out over the crowd, obviously going to make no response.
'Am I to be insulted at my own table, and by my own friends?' said Moriarty, with a countenance pale in anger. 'Why are the words of that madman repeated to me?' Verezzi, who had expected to hear Moriarty's indignation poured forth against Wilkes, and answered by thanks to himself, looked with astonishment at Douglas, who enjoyed his confusion. 'Can you be weak enough to credit the assertions of a madman?' rejoined Moriarty, 'or, what is the same thing, a man possessed by the spirit of vengeance? But he has succeeded too well; you believe what he said.'
The tone and look of surprise, with which this was uttered, recalled Sherlock's prudence; who controlled his expression once more, and bade Molly lead him to the picture. It was in an obscure chamber, adjoining that part of the castle, allotted to the servants. Several other portraits hung on the walls, covered, like this, with dust and cobweb.
Sherlock straightened up and stepped away. Dazzled, John’s eyes followed as Sherlock vanished into a sea of blue and white jackets. John followed him into the stadium, into a cacophony of applause, into a dazzle of camera flashes and mobile phone screens, into the beginning of the end of his career. The Games of the 31
During this evening, Mycroft danced, laughed and talked incessantly; while Moriarty, silent, reserved and somewhat haughty, seemed weary of the parade, and of the frivolous company it had drawn together.
Thus compelled to bear within his own mind the whole horror of the secret, that oppressed it, Sherlock’s reason seemed to totter under the intolerable weight. He often fixed a wild and vacant look on Molly, and, when she spoke, either did not hear her, or answered from the purpose. Long fits of abstraction succeeded; Molly spoke repeatedly, but her voice seemed not to make any impression on the sense of the long agitated Sherlock, who sat fixed and silent.
Sherlock now enquired, if Moriarty expected any new guests? and Molly believed that he did not. 'Poor Hopkins!' added she, 'she would be as merry as the best of them, if she was well; but she may recover yet. Count Wilkes was wounded as bad, as he, and he is got well again, and is gone back to Venice.'
“Oh, oh!” John said, rubbing his temple. “Oh, yes. No. That is to say, no, I’ve just been focusing on the competition. Tomorrow?  Trying to stay focused,” he finished gracelessly, suddenly conscious that he has been nodding along with himself the whole time. Mary is still laughing.
? You couldn’t wait, eh?” He carries on, “You couldn’t wait five minutes and have someone with you, because oh no, I’m Sherlock Holmes and I always work alone because no one else can compete with my MASSIVE INTELLECT!” spits John.
The surgeon of the town was immediately sent for, if a surgeon he could be called, who prescribed for horses as well as for men, and shaved faces at least as dexterously as he set bones. After examining John's shoulder, and perceiving that the bullet had passed through the flesh without touching the bone, he dressed it, and left him with a solemn prescription of quiet, which his patient was not inclined to obey.
They walk quickly back to the GB building, John breaking out into a laughing run when it comes into sight. Surprised, Sherlock starts to run behind him, blood pounding as he remember this; other days, nights, running back to this place. But as John looks at him, breathless and happy in the lift up to the eighth floor, he’s not sure what will happen this time.
John gave Mary a small wave as she trotted over to her coach as the music died. Sherlock was still lost inside his own head as Mary and the coach conferred for a few minutes before Mary was coming back into the centre of the floor, giving John a wink as she assumed her starting position, ribbon wrapped round her neck and arm. As the music started she unfurled the ribbon, leaping across the floor as the ribbon made spirals behind her. He hummed along with the music as Mary cartwheeled across the floor to catch the ribbon as it fell gracefully into her hand.
'Ah dear sir!—to see now how considerate you can be about some folks, who care so little about you! I cannot bear to see you so deceived, and I must tell you. But it is all for your own good, and not to spite my master, though, to speak truth, I have little reason to love him. I have often, and often, heard the Signor and him talking over your marriage with the Count, and he always advised the Signor Moriarty never to give up to your foolish whims, as he was pleased to call them, but to be resolute, and compel you to be obedient, whether you would, or no. And I am sure, my heart has ached a thousand times, and I have thought, when he was so unhappy himself, he might have felt a little for other people, and—'
Some weeks passed in the course of customary visits, during which nothing remarkable occurred. Sherlock was amused by the manners and scenes that surrounded him, so different from those of France, but where Count Wilkes, too frequently for his comfort, contrived to introduce himself. His manner, figure and accomplishments, which were generally admired, Sherlock would, perhaps, have admired also, had the Count forborne to persecute Sherlock with officious attentions, during which he deduced some traits in Sebastian’s character, that prejudiced Sherlock against whatever might otherwise be good in it.
The first object that attracted his notice was a group of dancers on the terrace below, led by a guitar and some other instruments. The girl, who struck the guitar, and another, who flourished a tambourine, passed on in a dancing step, and with a light grace and gaiety of heart, that would have subdued the goddess of spleen in her worst humour. After these came a group of fantastic figures, some dressed as gondolieri, others as minstrels, while others seemed to defy all description. They sung in parts, their voices accompanied by a few soft instruments.
John sticks his head out into the hallway, where Sherlock’s tall figure is shoving the double doors open, flooding the hallway with light. “Oi, Sherlock!” John calls to his retreating figure.
Sherlock, relieved from an unutterable load of anguish by this speech, had now only to ask that he would let him visit his brother.
On the way, Sherlock deduced out loud that their companion had not had much success in the hunt, due to the state of his clothes and the condition of his gun lock. 'Not much, sir,' he replied with amazement, 'nor do I aim at it. I am pleased with the country, and mean to saunter away a few weeks among its scenes. My dogs I take with me more for companionship than for game.'
Sherlock’s mouth opened involuntarily and a small ‘unnggh’ fell out. “Ah, what? No, this is – was - just the shortest way back from the training hall to my room…”
'Signor Moriarty has said justly,' replied Sherlock, 'that all explanation may now be dispensed with; after what has passed I cannot suffer myself to give one. It is sufficient for me, and for you, that I repeat my late declaration; let me hope this is the last time it will be necessary for me to repeat it—I never can wish for our alliance.'
The entertainments of this evening consisted of a ball and supper; it was a fancy ball, and the company danced in groups in the gardens, which were very extensive. The high and luxuriant trees, under which the groups assembled, were illuminated with a profusion of lamps, disposed with taste and fancy. The bright and various dresses of the company, the gallant manners of the gentlemen, the exquisitely capricious air of the ladies; the light fantastic steps of their dances; the musicians, with the violin, the hautboy, and the tabor, seated at the foot of an elm, and the sylvan scenery of woods around were circumstances, that unitedly formed a striking picture of festivity. Sherlock felt himself distant from the gaiety of the scene, and his emotion may be imagined when, as he stood with his brother, looking at one of the groups, he perceived John; saw him dancing with a young and beautiful lady, saw him conversing with her with a mixture of attention and familiarity, such as Sherlock had seldom observed in his manner.
When his recollection returned, he spoke again at the door, and again attempted to open it, and, having lingered for some time, without receiving any answer, or hearing a sound, he descended the turret, and, with all the swiftness his feebleness would permit, sought his own apartment.
Some person was seated in a chair by the fire, but who it was he could not distinguish. He spoke, now and then, in a low voice, that did not allow Sherlock to hear what was uttered, but Sherlock thought, that Mycroft, at those times, wept the more. He was too much occupied by his own distress, to observe Sherlock, while the latter, though anxious to know what occasioned this, and who was the person admitted at so late an hour to his brother’s dressing-room, forbore to add to his sufferings by being discovered. He, therefore, stepped softly back, and, after some further difficulty, found the way to his own chamber, where nearer interests, at length, excluded the surprise and concern he had felt, respecting Monsieur Mycroft.
During this period of torturing suspense to John, Sherlock was sunk into that kind of stupor, with which sudden and irremediable misfortune sometimes overwhelm the mind. Loving John with the tenderest affection, and having been accustomed to consider him as the friend and companion of all his future days, Sherlock had no ideas of happiness, that were not connected with John. What, then, must have been his suffering, when thus suddenly they were to be separated, perhaps, for ever, certainly to be thrown into distant parts of the world, where they could scarcely hear of each other's existence; and all this in obedience to the will of a stranger, for such as Moriarty, and of a person, who had but lately been anxious to hasten their nuptials!
“Sherlock, I…” John begins as the lift pings for the fifth floor, John sticking his hand out to hold the doors open. “I like your parents,” he volunteers eventually, which is, at least, true. “They seem so…” and he looks at Sherlock, alien and special and wonderful; and continues “…ordinary.”
VICTOR.  Here he is posing for us. No, I tell a lie, it's actually Team USA fencer Daryl Homer, who won the silver medal in the men's sabre competition.  But also Victor.
Jealousy and revenge lent all their fury to Wilkes, while the superior skill and the temperance of Moriarty enabled him to wound his adversary, whom his servants now attempted to seize, but he would not be restrained, and, regardless of his wound, continued to fight. He seemed to be insensible both of pain and loss of blood, and alive only to the energy of his passions. Moriarty, on the contrary, persevered in the combat, with a fierce, yet guarded, valour; he received the point of Wilkes's sword on his arm, but, almost in the same instant, severely wounded and disarmed him. The Count then fell back into the arms of his servant, while Moriarty held his sword over him, and bade him ask his life. Wilkes, sinking under the anguish of his wound, had scarcely replied by a gesture, and by a few words, feebly articulated, that he would not—when he fainted; and Moriarty was then going to have plunged the sword into his breast, as he lay senseless, but his arm was arrested by Douglas. To the interruption he yielded without much difficulty, but his complexion changed almost to blackness, as he looked upon his fallen adversary, and ordered, that he should be carried instantly from the castle before striding away.
He looked up, with a sensation of horror, to the east turret, near which he then stood; a light glimmered through the grates of the lower chamber, but those of the upper one were dark. Presently, he perceived a person moving with a lamp across the lower room; but this circumstance revived no hope, concerning Mycroft, whom he had vainly sought in that apartment, which had appeared to contain only soldiers' accoutrements. Sherlock, however, determined to attempt the outer door of the turret, as soon as Barnardine should withdraw; and, if it was unfastened, to make another effort to discover his brother.
Was Sherlock actually scared of him? He turned his face down and away from his friend, his eyes filled with hurt and confusion. His head still hung, he muttered to himself, growing slowly frustrated with this version of Sherlock he had come home to.
Once they had finished their dinner, John grabbed his bag and went upstairs to his room, and everyone else set about doing their own things. He walked into his room and looked around at the sparse items that covered it. After shoving what he could into his bag, it looked even emptier. There was just a few things dotted around, a few clothes that were too small for him, and a couple of boxes of his old things from when he was younger in the corner which hadn't ever been unpacked since they had moved there. He sat on his bed and looked at his watch. He could hardly leave so early, but a thought came across his mind. Five O'clock. Felix will be having his milk around now. He thought sadly back to his sister and then again felt guilty about lying to her, and he knew he could trust her, so he went out of his room and knocked on his sister's door.
Sherlock wore goggles as well which were steamed up so much John couldn't see his eyes. He was handling a small piece of metal with silver tweezers which he was holding over a beaker full of boiling dark liquid.
“I don’t know? Any ideas? I just thought we should. Now we have the pram.” He said excitedly. “Actually, can we go to the shopping centre? I think we need some more baby clothes.”
I internally shook myself, what on earth am I thinking about? I need to concentrate on my work. But even trying to concentrate I could hear her laughing at something he said to her, laughing at something I should be laughing at.
Sherlock stuttered and then found a sentence forming in his head which he blurted out without really thinking about it.
Once he had got to Sherlock, having thrown every obstacle in his way, Sherlock picked him up into a big hug and praised him highly for his, 'excellent initiative.' Whilst Felix smiled and played with Sherlock's curly hair.
He sighed heavily as his team scored another goal. Today's practice was a strange one, as John had unexpectedly been placed as the goalkeeper on the A team in a match against the B team. This meant that unfortunately for John, the more goals his team scored, the less he saw the of the ball at his end. He hadn't even needed to defend one goal yet, and the practice was nearly over, and it also meant the less the coach saw of John's playing. He was a new coach this year and had been sizing up the pupils for the month and a half they had been back at school. John had not been chosen for either of the two games that had already happened, but he was determined to be chosen for the next one, and so dedicatedly attended all the practices he could, but so far with no avail.
“Well perhaps you’re slightly different, but don’t worry Johnny i’m sure yours has plenty of other qualities.”
John's head was extremely woozy, the only other times he had been this tipsy had been at middle class dinner parties with his parents, after a few too many glasses of wine.
"Sherlock, come on... You know we couldn't really!" He said, breaking slightly under Sherlock's emotional blackmail, He turned to Mycroft. "We couldn’t, could we?"
The couple restrained their laughter and collapsed onto the sofa with Felix sitting in-between them. The child looked up between the pair, from one to the other with a confused look on his face.
Sherlock was still in the dorm room, messing around with the zip on Felix's jumper, exasperatedly trying to do it up but fumbling with the tiny zip.
Molly came over in the afternoon, and Sherlock and her were sitting on the sofa watching Felix playing on the floor as I got on with a piece of homework sitting on my bed. We had been back at school for over a week now, with surprisingly very few things going wrong surrounding the concealment of Felix. There had been a few close calls with people in the corridors, but that was it.
John shrugs, "The real problem was that I never got to really, and I do mean really, question myself. Christ," he sighs, "I sound like a proper jerk."
“Not trusting your voice?” John chuckled and pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s head. He wasn’t sure what made him do it, but at that moment it felt right.
Sherlock let the door slam shut behind them, his eyes fixed on John. He was still smiling, his face completely open for Sherlock to read and yet Sherlock couldn’t understand the, surely simple, reason why John had not walked away yet. Yes, he was worried about the tourist’s safety as well as for Sherlock’s. But he could just go find the police at the airport and let them arrest Jason Marks. He didn’t need Sherlock to do it and yet here he was, waiting patiently for Sherlock to give the next instruction and smiling. Always smiling.
Another letter came yesterday. This time there’s a second one, for you. I understand if you don’t want to hear about it; I nearly gave up myself. But you know me, curiosity has always been a default of mine.
“You do know we can forget about this, we can- “John stops as a series of honks in the street make them both jump in surprise, resulting in John’s thigh being pressed directly into his pelvis and Sherlock can’t do anything to prevent a rather loud moan from escaping his lips.
"Obviously not," Mycroft replies with a sigh. "I thought I'd wait until it was certain the good doctor wasn't leaving before calling."
He allows himself a moment to breathe, to let all that happened sink in but also acknowledge all that is still to come. He can't mess it up, can't let it all fall apart around them without any hope of putting it back together afterward. They've done that too many times, let their world crumble just standing by without doing anything to prevent it. And now that
“What happened to not hungry?” John asks and Sherlock doesn’t need him to turn around the guess the smile on his lips.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Sherlock replies, not bothering to look away from his experiment.
We’ve been told not to say too much, not to reveal anything too significant about our universe, but we both know we’ve never been good with rules. John made me promise not to give you all the details of our life, and to be honest with you, it would require too many letters anyway.
Sherlock shakes his head, accepting the arm around his waist and it seems John can't look away, "Fiancé?" he asks, the word making something heavy sink inside his chest.
"That he did," Lestrade agrees. "Once he and Sherlock  were officially together, we focused all of our efforts to plan tonight. Sherlock made sure that Horsen would chose this club in particular, and even guessed the movie he had in mind."
It takes a long second for Sherlock to understand what John just said, the words having rushed out his mouth so fast. And then, his own voice breaks as he says, “What?”
He feels Sherlock’s feet brush his under the table. They fall silent, finally getting to eat. John can’t help but keep glancing down at John’s lips, trying to sort out all the
Lestrade rolls his eyes, "It was his idea in the first place." He glances at John in the mirror, "I didn't realise you knew."
“I should have kissed you,” John whispers, and Sherlock can’t help the small whimper that breaches his lips. “Before doing anything else, before pretending I wasn’t going out of my skin just touching you. For god’s sake, I even bloody joked about it afterward.” He sighs, head dropping. “I should have kissed you.”
Refusing to let himself over think it all once more, Sherlock gets to his feet immediately. He was going to go home, lie down in John's bed and face the consequences of all they still have to tell each other. Toby is already running ahead of him, stopping here and there to wait for him, and the moment the house is in sight, Sherlock feels his entire body suddenly ache for John's touch. He fumbles with his keys, teeth grazing at his lower lip with worry until he finally manages to get the door open. Only silence welcomes him in, and he closes it carefully behind him, removing his coat and shoes just as silently. Toby is heading for the kitchen but Sherlock's head is already somewhere else entirely, each step he climbs to John's room making it harder and harder to breathe.
John stares at him for a long second before laughing, “Well, I’m not. That was absolutely amazing, and I hope it was for you too.”
I don’t look up when he takes a step closer, and it’s only when his fingers brush mine tentatively that I allow myself to meet his eyes again. Both the uncertainty and hope in them make me wants to cradle John into my arms and make him understand just how better everything could be if he just stayed.
Jason Marks had appeared on the Yard’s file for the first time five years ago. He had been taken in for questioning concerning the murder of a young girl but the Yard had released him the very same day. Sherlock had looked at the case for an entire afternoon, trying to understand how this girl died but found absolutely nothing against this said Jason Marks. Then the same name had shown up again in five other unsolved cases, and every time the lack of evidence allowed Jason Marks to walk free. Sherlock had then occupied all of his free time looking over every cases concerning Jason Marks and after months of research, he had found the first trace of the Organization.
Sherlock whimpers, slowly coming to realise he’s had yet another dream full of John’s naked body pressed to his own, but this time with John right there when he wakes up. “John, I…” he begins but John shakes his head, breathing heavily.
He watches as John’s tongue darts out to lick his lower lip, and his breath catches. He’s not sure who moves first but when they collide in the middle, Sherlock’s entire brain shuts down. Only able to focus on the exact feeling of John’s lips against his now, he gives himself entirely to it. He barely registers John settling between his legs, parting them automatically as the first touch of John’s tongue makes all of him crave more. The next moan filling the room is definitely his, and Sherlock blames it on the distinct taste of green tea on John’s tongue dancing with his.
“I didn’t.” Another smile directed more at the floor than at Sherlock this time, but when the man looked up, Sherlock could tell he had made up his mind concerning this conversation. “I’m John Watson, and that was extraordinary.”
John laughs, the sound filling the air, and it only takes a second before Sherlock leans in to catch it between his lips. “I’d love to come up,” he says, keeping Sherlock close. “You haven’t told me about any of the cases you solved after all.”
“You are a mystery, John Watson,” Sherlock finally breathes out, and John barely has the time to reply before he’s being kissed.
John threads both hands inside Sherlock's curls, crashing their mouths together again. He doesn't stop until he's fully inside him, and even then, neither of them has managed to remember how to breathe again.
“Good morning Mr. Holmes,” Thomas adds, but Sherlock’s eyes are fixed on John, and John can’t seem to look away either. “Mr. Watson was saying he’s gonna tell me stories too!”
“You are terribly impatient.” John grinned and pressed his finger up against the bundle of nerves inside the other, making him arch cleanly off of the bed. “See, that’s what you get for it. I’ll be the judge of when it’s okay to go on. You just come along for the ride.” Suddenly he pressed his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth while simultaneously adding a second finger to stretch him. The reaction he got was glorious. No cramping, just shivers and the heat of Sherlock’s body inviting him in as if he wasn’t an intruder.
"Do you have some too?" He asks, breathing hard. "Fantasies?" Sherlock nods sharply. "Could you tell me one?"
John keeps an eye on him all the way over there, tightening his grip around Horsen's hands. "You know, Sherlock makes the most delicious sounds when he's being touched."
“Tonight. I told him to spend the day at work today,” Sherlock says, leaning down to pick up the mattress. “Can you help me get this downstairs?”
“Yes. You wanted a plan?” Sherlock smiled, “Here’s a plan: We use the waitress to distract him. She needs to spill some soda on his clothes and force him to go to the bathroom, she finds you quite handsome so it will not be a problem. Then, when Jason is busy, I take a look at the documents in his briefcase, find a solid proof and we leave before he comes back.”
He turns back to close the glass doors in the kitchen, remembering to get his phone upstairs before letting Toby out for his daily walk. With the closest house three miles away, Sherlock doesn’t have to worry about leashes, and Toby is already happily running ahead of him when Sherlock closes the front door. He checks his phone quickly in case Montgomery has replied, but his lock screen is empty except for the most recent photo Rosie sent him of her on campus. He smiles, thinking about her call two days ago and remembers her voice as she explains just how dull the lab’s mandatory schedules were. She seems to like boarding school a lot considering all the excited texts Sherlock receives regularly, and he’s glad she had found her way despite the nightmare that had been convincing John to let go.
John shakes his head, bright hope blooming on his face as he says ever so softly, "I don't think it's ever too late to tell you just how madly I am in love with you, Sherlock Holmes."
“All the researched I’ve conduct said that most good dates end with a kiss,” Sherlock says, not exactly certain where this new courage came from. “And you said it yourself, you had a very good time.”
"John," Lestrade calls, followed by two officers. "We'll take it from here. Sherlock is waiting for you in the car."
"And hello Miss Rosie," Mrs Hudson continues, opening her arms and John slowly gives her away. "Oh, is that a bee costume I guess under that coat?"
Breathing out deeply, he looks back at the empty hall down the stairs, considering going through Sherlock’s fridge already. Maybe he could find something else than leftovers and cook for the both of them, just like before. Surely Sherlock would enjoy that. Deciding it was at least worth a try, John climbs down the stairs to the kitchen, opening the cupboard quickly and laughing warmly at the sight of the empty shelf. “I should have known,” he smiles, shaking his head and peeking at the fridge for the said leftovers. “I guess a trip to the shop is inevitable.”
Sherlock wanted to tell John how much he had craved for this level of passion before, how many times he had wished to know how it felt to ache for more. But Sherlock kept his mouth shut, letting John drive him mad with lust with each press of his fingers and opening himself as best as he could. He felt John add another finger, the stretch making Sherlock wince and he pulled John up to him again. He licked inside John’s mouth, his tongue sliding against John’s, making sure he could always remember John’s taste afterwards. A guttural moan rumbled from his throat as John’s fingers hit his prostate twice in a row.
Toby licking his hand makes him jump, and Sherlock looks down at him, “You’re right, it’s too early for these kind of thoughts.” Toby barks, tongue wetting his hand again before going to look around the garden. Sherlock goes back intp the kitchen, grabbing the few letters he left on the table yesterday and opens the first one on his way back outside. He sits down, recognizing Rosie’s handwriting, and lets himself smile as he begins to read.
“Not really,” Greg says, walking to the kitchen and rubbing Rosie’s hair slowly, “But I had a day off and I thought I’d come see you. It’s been a while.”
“The guests just sat down and, yes, he’s already there,” Lestrade says, placing a blue flower in his suit pocket. “There, better.”
Sherlock stops, breathing in slowly, and finds himself waiting patiently for whatever is coming next.
He keeps his eyes closed, listening to Rosie’s rambling in the other room, and the faint sound of cars passing down the street. He allows himself a second more, just enough time to prepare himself for everything that is not going to happen today. Just a second more to let it all sink in, again. He should be used to it now, after months of waking up alone in this very same bed, but he can’t help but feel the knot in his chest expand and expand to a point where even breathing becomes unbearable.
"Montgomery called, he just left the station," Sherlock says, eyes now fixed somewhere above John's right shoulder. "I should shower too before he gets here."
You are not going to mess everything up, Sherlock, as long as you let yourself be loved by this far from ordinary man.
Repressing a smile, John holds on tighter to the hand Sherlock had insisted he didn’t need to open the door. He lets his eyes flutter closed for a second, focusing on the memory of Sherlock’s lips against his own not a minute ago, and finding that he’d rather like to be kissing him again right now than waiting for a bloody door to open.
Arnold gives him a bright smile, leading him out in the middle of the crowd and pulling him closer. "Let's dance then." John breathes out deeply when he feels one of Arnold's hands settle on his waist, the other high on his back, fingers brushing his nape. "You tell me if I go too far."
"I wanted to tell you," Sherlock continues, having no idea how to stop now. "I almost did so many times, but it always felt impossible, it always felt as if it would only make it all... worse."
"I can wait," John asserts, pushing his two fingers deeper and smiling broadly when Sherlock's entire body arches.
John removes his costume quickly and peeks at where Sherlock just disappeared, but has no doubt he'll find where they are in no time. Lestrade gives him a pointed look before opening the door, and John gets the silent message in his eyes. They stand in front of the tainted glass, staring at Horsen alone in the interrogation room. "Donovan is going to take care of his deposition. Yours will confirm or contest whatever he says."
Sherlock wakes up with the ghost of John’s compact body around him. He doesn’t let go of the dream yet, wondering how exactly he could go back and fix it.
John would have probably pitied him, or tried to understand how a man can be tortured in his own flat and no one found him until the smell was bad enough to pass through walls.
Sherlock can’t help but smile at this too, and John is the one to squeeze his hand this time, silent questions dancing in his eyes.
“What-” John begins, his breathing loud inside the room and Sherlock’s head. “What do you mean, you can’t do this?”
“That” Sherlock cries out, hands flying to John’s arse and adding more pressure to their cocks. “I want that.”
John reaches for him, bringing them closer again for another kiss, and they both fall back onto the bed. As he thought, Sherlock pulls John on top of him this time, hands roaming all over his back. He throws his head back the second John settles between his legs, "John!"
Sherlock watches as understanding flows on John’s face, taking a look around. Sherlock is suddenly very much aware of where they are, of the people around them and their own stillness. John is still holding on to his hand, hanging between their bodies, and without allowing himself to think twice about it, Sherlock pulls him closer until they’re pressed together. He immediately drop his head to John’s neck and shoulder, breathing out deeply and letting relief wash over him when John’s free hand comes to rest on his waist. They don’t move for another second, and John is the one who starts to dance again, their bodies swaying to the music slowly.
Victor, thank God, isn’t back yet when he gets out of the bathroom. Sherlock is staring out the window, hands clasped behind his back. He doesn’t turn around when John comes into the room, nor when he puts his jacket and shoes on.
, too much hope right now. He only needs to put things back in order inside his own head and focus on not messing it all up.
Sherlock opened his mouth, ready to explain that ‘nicer’ wasn’t part of his job but John glared at him, making it clear he was dead serious. Sherlock sighed again, rolling his eyes as he waited for the police to arrive. It didn’t took long for Sherlock to explain the whole situation, the few documents he managed to acquire convincing the three men in a matter of minutes. John handed them Marks, the man wincing as John tighten his grip around his wrist for a brief second.
Sherlock gets to his feet, not sure how exactly, and follows John toward his bedroom still lost inside his own head. It could be so simple, he just has to ask John, to tell him this is the most logical option, and with one or two scientific facts, John could only agree. He only has to ask. Just ask.
"But," Sherlock breathes, closing his eyes. "But I had spent two years thinking about nothing else but coming back to you, and there weren't any doubts anymore. I was in love with you, and I was going to do everything in my power to survive Moriarty and come back to tell you." He pauses. "And then there was Mary, kind, sweet Mary that liked me and let you live the life all your previous girlfriends didn't understand. And you stayed with her, John."
Without a doubt, John knows it won’t take long for either of them to fall over the edge. Gently, he pushes Sherlock down on his back, settling between his legs above him. Sherlock’s entire body arches on the mattress, head thrown back at the added pressure. John leans back in, kissing the offered neck and resuming his thrusts, each one more desperate than the other. Sherlock is soon shaking from head to toe, eyes open wide and fixed on his, and John knows he’s there, right there.
“It wasn’t,” Sherlock breathes out, eyes fluttering open, and John’s heart sinks. “Don’t,” Sherlock says immediately, probably reading it all on his face. “It wasn’t what I expected, it was much… better.”
It had taken quite a bit of self-control for John to simply walk away. Sherlock had been the most interesting person he had met in years,and John would be lying if he said he didn’t get to met lot of strange and mysterious people since his deployment. But he never liked to push others too far, especially people he just met, and Sherlock hadn’t seemed inclined to spend the evening with him. John had been careful, not wanting to miss any clue indicating that Sherlock might also share his interest. But they had said their goodbyes and John had fought back the urge to turn around and directly ask Sherlock out for the night.
“John and I aren’t finished yet,” Sherlock says, already lost in the lecture of the said document. “But you’re welcomed to stay. Tea?”
Silence, heavy but still somehow comfortable, settles between them once more. Sherlock waits. Talking about a future neither of them can properly assure is, after all, the most serious conversation they’ve managed to share in months - years, to be entirely honest, and if it means that this time silence has to be the answer, then Sherlock is going to accept it as it is.
A careful hand sliding down his shoulder makes him jump, and he looks down to find Mrs Hudson with Rosie in her arms smiling sadly at him, "Are you alright, dear?"
John swallows around the lump in his throat. Eyes fluttering closed, he finally lets himself see the situation as it is, with a man currently showering in the bathroom, a man Sherlock apparently lives with, a man that makes him
A bark downstairs stirs him from his thoughts, and Sherlock accepts that today is going to be an early morning. He rolls to his side, grabbing the dressing gown at the end of his bed and putting it on as he gets up, going for the door immediately. Toby greets him at the bottom of the stairs, barking happily until Sherlock finally gives him some breakfast, patting his head softly, “There, there.”
“Then let’s not make any promises.” John is smiling when Sherlock’s eyes flutter open again. “Let’s decide that we’re going to do our best, that yes, we’re going to be scared at first but that we’re trying to work on it and maybe even learn to hold on to that fear. Let’s decide that we’re going to grow old in the same home, in the same bed, and still lie there fully clothed when it’s too hard to keep it all inside again.”
"It does," John smiles, glancing at him from where he's helping Rosie to get pasta inside her mouth and not the table. "Considering all she told me yesterday, I deserve to know."
Obviously the lady at the reception desk could only offer them one room. “It is quite spacious but it only has one bed.” She smiled and John tried very hard not to do the same.
"What about when you came back?" John asks. "Despite Mary, despite the anger, did you wish to kiss me too?"
Sherlock obliges him quickly, the both of them getting lost into the touch. John takes care of Sherlock's own shirt slowly, placing it next to his on the floor and the first contact of his hands against Sherlock's back makes them both whimper into the kiss. Sherlock is shivering again, having settled on top of him, but John knows he'll be switching their positions soon. He lets him go after another deep kiss, and Sherlock seems more hesitant now, pushing John's trousers down his legs in one quick movement.
). I… Christ, I’ve read your letter and I want to talk about everything you told me, but I’ve… I’ve realised that even if we’ve begun really sharing important… things, we’re still avoiding the obvious and really, there is no way you missed it, I wasn’t even subtle or anything- (
He lets them resonate in the air for a moment, filling the silence without making it easier to wrap his head around the veracity they hold. Sherlock isn't sure how many times he hoped for this simple and yet breathtaking fact to be true. Ever since you met him, a voice supplies for him, but he ignores it. It doesn't matter, in the end. The truth is he's been in love with John Watson for too long to put a date on it, and now that it was all within his reach, Sherlock finds himself being too scared to even move from this bench.
Aware that any movements could wake Sherlock up, John forces himself to relax as much as he can. How many times did he dared to imagine such intimacy? All too much, if he’s being honest with himself. Whether they just spent the night together or not, each and everyone of John’s fantasies end up with a quiet, soft intimacy he’s been dying to share with Sherlock since, well since the very beginning really.
Sherlock thinks of their bodies so very close, of his erection that doesn’t seem to be going away, and John’s just inches away, and asks with a dry throat, “Glad?”
"I think she would have done something, yes. She did end up bringing us apart slowly, and I've come to believe she enjoyed it," John says, having spent too many hours in the dark thinking about this already. "But it wouldn't have mattered, we would have faced her together."
“Yeah, yeah, sorry,” Lestrade apologizes quickly, clearing his throat before saying, “Do you have an account in the first place? Twitter, I mean.”
“Montgomery said he’d come by today,” Sherlock replies, realising just how slowly they’re walking, and not doing anything to quicken their pace. “I believe he’s a fan of yours, even if he will never admit so.”
I think I am, John. Every time I allow myself, in plain daylight, to think about the two of us undressing the other, I lose all ability to breathe. I can’t allow myself to continue, can’t picture the two of us walking to my bed and lying there. It makes every inch of my body shiver, my legs go weak and my head spin. I can feel heat boiling down my abdomen, my body reacting and yet all the alarms ringing inside my head. And despite spending hours trying to understand each symptom, I can’t seem to figure it out.
Sherlock stares back at him for a moment, and John marvels at the sight of a faint blush spreading to his neck and cheeks. He promptly looks away, not sure yet on how Sherlock will react to any of this.
Sherlock is back and sitting by the time John manages to face Victor again. He accepts the food Sherlock gives him silently, deciding he will excuse himself as soon as he’s finished. Stories of classes and old camarades are being shared all through dinner, Victor doing all the talking mostly. The worst of it all is how seriously Sherlock is listening to him, agreeing or not on his way of telling this or that story. When it becomes too much to bare, John stands up, yawning for the effect.
“Most people are boring.” Sherlock replied and turned to face John, “Are you a Christmas person then ?”
This email was supposed to be about the decision I made while reading the letter a thousand times, so I’m going to stop rambling and get down to it: I don’t care what these two other versions of ourselves want, I’m going to tell you about what’s in those letters.
Only the bedlight is on when he gets in, Sherlock looking down at his phone on the left side of the bed. He doesn’t look up and John thanks him silently, getting rid of his robe and pushing the cover away on his side. He sits down first, his back to Sherlock, and places his watch and phone on the bedside table. He allows himself a moment more before lying down, stiff as a stick on the mattress.
Sherlock inhales deeply before meeting John's eyes again, "It's my favorite picture of the two of you."
“Get yourself moving, Watson,” John says to the silent room. “You’ve missed too many opportunities, time to stop.”
I'm sorry it took so long, but I had a long period where I didn't wrote a single word, and i'm slowly getting back into writing again.
Mrs Hudson is thrilled to keep an eye on Rosie again, and somehow John manages to escape more questions about the events of the night before. He climbs back up the stairs, heading directly for the living room and stopping once again by the sofa. "Scoot over," he says softly and it only takes a second before Sherlock is giving him the space to lie down. John smiles as Sherlock automatically snuggles closer, his face back against his neck, and John wraps himself around him quickly. "So, sulking?"
And here we go again, a little earlier than I said in the previous note. I'm still working on the next one, but I should be able to post it tomorrow!
The urge to kiss those tempting lips taking over again, John gives in, and they both wait for the shaking to stop with long, smiling kisses. And when Sherlock declares, long minutes later and with a sharp comment about the stickiness, that next time they’re definitely taking their trousers and underwear off, John doesn’t even think of arguing about it.
He’s not sure why he’s asking, why he chose this moment in particular, but Sherlock had played with Rosie all morning, and John feels like his heart could explode any seconds now.
Sherlock chuckles quietly, pulling away to look at him, "I don't understand," he says, "even after yesterday, after everything we said and confessed, I still feel so... hesitant. About everything."
Usually he was charming enough for people to spill their secrets and quickly tell him half of their life. By now he had gotten the feeling that it would be a bit more work when it came to Sherlock. Nevertheless, he enjoyed it. After all, John had never backed up from a challenge, and this man seemed to be a mystery in every way. Furthermore, there was nothing really interesting to do at the airport and the detective was posing as a welcome distraction.
In my universe, in the year 2037, a group of scientist found out how to make contact with other universes. Astronauts found a gap in space during a mission; not exactly a black hole but close. It allowed them to go through time and space, and within four years they found the first parallel universe to ours. It then only took a few months to find more and more.
He can feel the exact moment Sherlock does find sleep, barely minutes later. John fights for a moment more, desperate to properly engrave all of just happened, all of that is still happening. He loses the battle in the middle of remembering Sherlock’s smiles, surrendering with the certainty of having won it all anyway.
“Yeah?” John replies, licking his lips again and not missing the way Sherlock’s eyes follow the movement slowly.
Sherlock’s breathing is quiet and regular next to him, lying just as still. John wonders what they must look like. He finds himself smiling, picturing Tom storming in and pointing how wrong it all is. He shakes the smile off quickly. He can’t let himself relax too much. Strong will got him this far, it will get him through the night too without having to explain to Sherlock how desperately in love with him he is in the morning.
John strokes a curl off his forehead, "Sherlock, I don't want you to worry about sex. We've both been thinking about this for quite a long time, and I'm certain it'll be brilliant, we'll be brilliant."
John is still trying to process all of it when Matthew drags Sherlock to his chair, sitting down and letting Sherlock settle on his lap. Now being the one who desperately wants to flee, John's hands tightens around the armchair.
John has to close his eyes to stop himself from saying too much, and with another deep breath, he whispers, “Are you certain about this?”
“It might sound stupid to you,” John continues, eyes tracing from him to the nightstand to the door and back. “But I can’t help it. Even now, I look at you and I can’t stop wondering what you must think of me. After everything that happened, after Mary and the constant stream of failed relationships. How can I ever make you feel secured and lo-” John inhales deeply, and Sherlock finds himself hanging to his next word. “And loved.”
“Molly called with some new bodies,” Sherlock start to explain. “I wanted to text my theories about nails, remember?”
“I already solved the case,” Sherlock replies, “John wrote all about it on his blog, I don’t see why you need more details.”
He tries a movie first, managing to follow the first thirty minutes before giving up. Dinner comes next, reheat takeaway that taste just as bad as expected. A shower takes his full attention away for ten short minutes, images of Sherlock and Victor having dinner coming back full blast as soon as he lowers his guard. Very much aware that nothing could distract him anyway, he heads upstairs, knowing all too well it will take him hours to fall asleep anyway.
And I want to, God knows I want to. I want to discover what it’s like to love someone so passionately, with you. I want to kiss my way down your neck, your chest, stomach and thighs. I want to taste you, every part of you. I want to mark your skin, to let everyone know I was lucky enough to explore all of you. I want you to discover all of me too. I want to feel your eyes on my naked body, want to watch you as you read the stories behind each scars marking my skin. I want dark nights spent discovering each other, whispering our desires and fantasies in the intimacy of our bed.
Sherlock contemplates this statement for a long moment, not exactly certain what John is trying to say, and decides to reply carefully, “I’m still in the process of doing so, yes.”
Mrs Hudson nods at him one last time before walking back towards the door, "John, don't give up too quickly, will you?" she calls softly. "You've always been special, you know that."
, Sherlock needs more. Rutting just a little faster against John, he forces himself to open his eyes again, and this time he doesn’t look away. John’s hand slides from his neck to his hair, holding on to his curls and panting directly against his mouth. It now feels a thousand times more powerful, John’s entire focus on him as their bodies act on their own volition, seeking pleasure from the other without shame. And Sherlock loves him, loves him, loves him.
John shakes his head fondly, finding it hard to keep their mouths apart. "A killer?" Sherlock nods slowly, hands tightening around John's costume. "Are you being careful?"
"If you agree to eat," John replies, leaning over the table, "then we'll have another go at some of your fantasies while she naps."
John watches, having stopped breathing entirely, as a man storms inside the flat, not having noticed him apparently as he stops in front of Sherlock and leans in to kiss him quickly. "I knew the pirate was a good idea." Unable to see Sherlock's face anymore, John can only hear the wet sound of another kiss, two, three. "You should try it on before we go."
Sherlock shrugged and made his way to the door. He closed it slowly, whispering his goodbye before walking away.
“Victor needs to have a solid case to present his associates,” Sherlock explains. “That means we need to be very detailed since they’re obviously idiots.”
Sherlock smiles, finding that he wouldn't mind having Mycroft sitting next to him right now. He can't remember the last time they were in the same room together, or even the last time they called each other. Some days, he wonders who will call to tell him that his brother has died, who will be the faceless voice on the other line.
“No,” John replies, shaking his head with a smile. “But I want to make sure you know that you can still change yours.”
Automatically Sherlock comes to claim a kiss, their lips meeting in a familiar moan. John’s smile grows wider, letting Sherlock take everything he needs from the touch. He knows for a fact he still needs reassurance, looking for it each time their eyes, hands or mouths meet. And so John gives it to him, slowly allowing Sherlock to properly realise he’s here to stay and for good this time.
But when thirty minutes later, as Sherlock walked inside the fourth hotel in search of a room, he couldn’t help the honest laughter that escaped him when he heard a now familiar voice ask right behind him with an audible smirk.
Thank you again for all the comments and kudos on this fic, I can't believe I finally managed to finish it!
Sherlock just hastily nodded and turned back to his book. There was no way for John to miss the blush creeping over the other’s cheeks since it was a deep crimson red. Apparently his worries were for nothing. He might not get Sherlock down to the party but at least he would know where to find the boy afterwards. Suddenly he didn’t feel like putting on a shirt at all but even an idiot, and really Sherlock was far from being one, could guess what his game was. Pulling the t-shirt over his head took deliberately longer than usual and he could just catch Sherlock’s head turning away again, as he peaked out of the collar. He hoped he would get some more time to tease the other when he came back.
"Worried," Sherlock supplies, and John nods. "Which is perfectly normal I’ve been told. I’m sure we’ll all be fine."
Writing to you in the middle of the night is rapidly becoming a habit, you know. I really should be sleeping, Rosie always wakes up at sunrise, but I know I’ll probably be waking up much earlier, knowing I’ll be spending the day with you. Now is probably a good time to tell you that you were absolutely right all those years ago, and so I won’t apologize for how romantic this letter is going to sound like. I stand by each and every word I’m going to write down, and you should also know that I’m looking forward to telling them all out loud too.
that he wanted to tell Sherlock about. Just as he is about to pick one, Sherlock puts his fork down the table and blurs out all too quickly.
“I should go,” Sherlock says, knowing perfectly neither of them will be able to say nothing of importance. Not at this hour, not so soon after John’s first attempt at “fixing” things. “There’s this experiment waiting at home.”
“John, even if you forget the rings on our wedding day, you are by far the most brilliant human being I  have ever had the incredible luck to meet.”
“I’ll show you your room now,” he declares, taking John’s suitcase on his way, and John choses not to comment on it. They climb the few steps upstairs, Sherlock pointing to the different doors, “Bathroom is here. That’s the guest room, where Rosie sleeps when she visits, and over there is my room.” He stops in front of the last door, “And here’s yours.”
I'm certain I'll never truly understand what happened between the two of them, what the years before I was born were like and how they affected them. And maybe I'm not supposed to understand. Maybe I'm only supposed to do what I've always done. Hope that one day they'd find their way back to each other, and that somehow, it'd fix what I can't help but think is partly my fault.
He’s surprised to find the sofa empty when he comes back downstairs, and even more when he finds Sherlock already in bed.
"He'll follow right behind," Lestrade replies, pulling him away from Horsen. "The sooner we close this case, the better, don't you think?" They remain still for another second, "Go, John."
John doesn't bother to feign surprise. he always wondered how the great Sherlock Holmes had never managed to see through him anyway. "And what can we deduce about that?" He asks, daring to lean to the edge of his chair, thinking back on all the occasion he did just that, fantasizing about doing much more too.
The paper was made industrially, Fourdrinier machine (most commonly used). No current ways of linking this particular piece of paper to any industries in the city, country or world.
John continues to rock slowly against him, the feeling of both Sherlock’s erection against his and the sounds filling the room adding more and more to his pleasure. He brings Sherlock’s mouth back to his, swallowing down each moans, gasps and cries. Keeping one hand pressed against Sherlock’s pounding heart, John slides the other up and up until he can thread each fingers through his curls.
Sherlock waits until she’s driving away before closing the door, Toby’s head stroking his leg in a clear invitation and Sherlock smiles, “Alright, let’s go out, too.”
"That's utter bullshit," John sighs. "For children and fairy tales. But real life is much more complicated than that... and I guess we didn't make it any easier." Sherlock chuckles at that, but John hates the note of sadness in it. "But I love you, Sherlock Holmes, and as silly as it may sound, I wouldn't change a thing if it means being here with you right now."
“Laugh away,” Tom says, leaning back against his chair. “For all we know he already bought a new mattress.”
"I still have no idea what we're looking for," John says when they reach the right door. Sherlock fidgets with the key for a second, but John can't bring himself to point out it'd be easier with both of his hands free. "The first report was right, then, a homicide?"
John wakes up in the center of his bed, a head on his chest, a body pressed to his side and curls tickling his nose. Sherlock, still soundly asleep, is snoring softly against him, entirely unaware of John’s current state of both amazement and urgency. Lying as still as possible, he closes back his eyes, breathing in deeply without any control over his own actions. A - giant - part of himself is currently registering every point of contact between his and Sherlock’s body, from the tangled mess that are currently their legs to the all too familiar coco scent of his shampoo. The other part is too busy screaming for him to get up and run before Sherlock wakes up.
"No, my office is-" Lestrade begins but Sherlock is already gone. "Well, after you," he smiles, letting John go first.
Am I supposed to know the reason why he’s writing to me just because we are the same person? Is it how it work then? We share some kind of connection, and I'm supposed to understand everything he implies just because he's
He feels Sherlock shiver, and for a long moment they don't say another word. John accepts it, and lets it go, not wanting to force Sherlock to share anything he's not comfortable with, and he closes his eyes. He could fall asleep here, warm against Sherlock's body and with the certainty that he'll be waking up next to him.
“Sherlock, you can look and touch and explore as much of me as you want,” John replies, pulling him back down for another kiss. “You don’t ever have to ask.”
. The agonizing months he spent living alone when John still lived in his old flat had seemed endless, the thought of storming in and all but kidnap the man had crossed Sherlock’s mind more than a couple of times. But in the end, John had simple moved back, bringing back with him old jumper, soft smiles and a brand new list of possibilities.
Sherlock spends the day sulking, the lack of a good case for the past week making even breathing unbearable. John doesn’t say anything. He cooks them lunch and eats alone, glancing at Sherlock’ figure on the sofa. He busies himself all afternoon, reading forty pages of his book, saving two drafts on his blog and changing their sheets to the deep navy ones.
I open the front, my entire body shivering but not from the cold air outside. I know I’m still too dazzled, know that I have to regain some posture or else John will smile that smile of his, and I will once again forget to pretend being mad. I’m not exactly sure how to describe the day that just passed, nor the too many emotions that threatened to overwhelm me more than once. And yet, I wish I could find a way, any way really, to make John stay just a few minutes more.
for his own enjoyment. Strange, how being in the middle of the crowd can make you feel surrounded and yet alone at the same time. Music had always been the one option he could always rely on when needing to shut the world out, and it is exactly what he’s desperate for now. He pays the driver quickly when they arrive and he doesn’t allow himself to linger outside, knowing all too well how fast he could change his mind. The music is loud, almost louder than he had expected, when he goes inside. He leaves his coat in the club locker, looking down at himself and realising he’s probably not dressed for the occasion, but not caring at all. He’s not here to fit in or even mingle with others. A perfectly tailored suit will be just fine.
“You must never be bored,” John says, still smiling, and Sherlock can’t help but wonder if he can manage to make him smile for the entire date.
John nods, following him to the door without a word. They remain on the household for a long moment, Sherlock finally saying in a breath, “Your mailbox.” John frowns at him. “I put my letter there.”
"But," John continues, his breath warm against Sherlock's lips, "I won't mind because I'll only have to search for you and know I don't have to keep it all inside anymore."
Sherlock looks away for a second, something close to a blush creeping up his neck, "We could -- if that's what you want of course, we could talk about it once we're back home."
“Yes,” Sherlock finally breathes out, his answer hanging in the air like a promise. “Let’s do that.”
“Yes,” John replies, picking up his suitcase again and following Sherlock as he passes by him. “I still had the address you gave me. It’s a beautiful house.”
Sherlock nods in agreement, moving to the sofa while John turns on the TV. He goes to sit down at his usual spot, noticing the unusual distance between them but not saying anything about it. He’s the one who acted weird the day before, and Sherlock has all the right to sit where ever he wants. They spend the next hours and a half learning about the first profilers and how the techniques have developed ever since. Sherlock, of course, spends most of the the documentary pointing out flaws but also taking notes on interrogation methods, a deep frown between his eyebrows that John can’t seem to stop staring at.
Sherlock doesn't repress a sigh this time, massaging his temple slowly. "Did you really call just to tell me I should make a move on John?"
Sherlock releases a loud breath, "I have so much to say as well." John licks his lips, Sherlock's eyes following the movement before he can stop himself. "Things I should have told you a long time ago."
"You don't know him, do you?" He asks in a murmur. "You've barely seen him, barely been around him at all."
live with him at the same time. Sherlock, of course, had been more than pleased, and in the past few days, they had moved all of John’s belongings to 221B once more. John only feared the first nights with Rosie having to sleep in a new room, but he’s certain she’ll get used to her new environment pretty soon - Sherlock deduced so, even.
“That’s why I need you to help me!” Sherlock shouted, just as the doorbell rang-interrupting their argument.
"What?!" John exclaimed, in a slight bad mood because he was tired from the game, but also incredulous to what it was his friend was saying.
"We are not giving him back though. No matter how tough it gets... right?" John quavered, his voice lingering in suspense for the answer.
John moved to the kettle and began to boil it. Sherlock relaxed into himself, feeling relieved that John was here at least for the duration of a cup of tea. He thought of what he wanted to say to John, he wanted to ask why he had ignored him. He wanted to command John to stop seeing the other players. To remind him that he had an obligation to Felix, to tell him... to tell him, that he needed him... But he couldn't. He couldn't seem to find the words.
"Wow, so that was when you went to the archery centre then? Look at that Nick." She marvelled, handing the photo over. "How exciting!"
The pair stood on the bank of the Thames watching the colourful array of fireworks burst overhead. Someone had set fire to a Guy in a bin nearby, John felt as though this could have been done as a homage to the great bonfires which traditionally happen on Bonfire Night, however the more probable answer was a group of 12 year olds simply thought it’d be funny to burn it.  The air was bitterly cold and biting at his face, so he could only imagine what it would be like for Felix with his tiny little body. So he tucked his son’s little scarf into his coat so it fell over his face so he would be warm. Felix pointed at the sky his little face lit up with colours, and even under the scarf John could hear and see that he was laughing and gurgling at the display going on in front of him.
Once they had finished looking over the photos John helped his mother make the dinner and he set the table. They were just sitting down to eat when the doorbell rang out.
“We need you to get information... No its not for The Barmount’s Case..... Yes I know it was simple.... Oh course i’ve solved it.” He snapped.
John was following Sherlock, (as usual) through a park. Sherlock was darting around to and fro, trying to find clues associated with their latest case. John was getting increasingly more weary and he wanted to go home but he just knew Sherlock wouldn't be giving up on this ‘possibility of clues’ any time soon, and he couldn't exactly just leave him to it, not with what happened last time...
The street was decked in tiny lanterns which had been strung between all of the lamp posts. Each house had a little orange pumpkin lit outside, every one with a different face carved into it. There were decorations in all the front lawns and there were children milling about everywhere, all in costumes and carrying little bags full of sweets.
Two hours later and they were standing in front of the huge sandy coloured building which was WaterLand. Harry, as it turned out was incredibly persuasive and had manage to convince the pair of them into the car with Felix, by threatening to post embarrassing childhood pictures and videos all over John’s Facebook of him. A measure she assured him was her final resort, and he finally caved.
"Yes, back to the point. I don't know. John's been- away a lot recently, I thought, it'd be... nice"
“I’m sure it’s an absolute blast, I love kids, wouldn’t want one myself yet, not responsible enough”
Mycroft walked up the stairs, his shoes making sharp tapping sounds. His dark suit was impeccable as usual, and his hair was styled into his customary precise and faultless look. As he entered the room, he spotted Sherlock lying on the floor with the baby, and he looked down in distain.
"Well i'll leave you the 100 metre area and i'll do the 400, if you want?" Greg said, gesturing to the areas of the field.
John was one of the players in the game, and he gripped his hockey stick tighter in his hand as he waited for the ball to come up to his end. Expectantly poised, he flinched and then prepared himself as he thought the ball may come near him. However, it got to just past the centre before it was turned around and went back up to the other end again. He bit down on his gum shield firmly, attempting to take away the full force of his irritation towards the game.
It was the morning that the half term began and Sherlock and John were planning to return to Sherlock's flat in London and took great pains to leave in the middle of the night, as Sherlock insisted that this was a good cover to hide Felix. John felt as though they probably could have managed to sneak away during the day, however when it came to it, there was something rather exciting about leaving and walking through the grounds in the cool night air whilst everyone else was sleeping.
John suddenly had the first genuine smile on his face that evening as he leapt to his feet. He wanted to see Harry the most out of all of his family. He loved his sister to bits and she had always been there for him, and never failed to relieve the awkwardness between him and his parents, and to serve as a bridge between them. As soon as Harry saw John, her smile reached into a big grin.
John suddenly realised that what he had wanted to do in his head, his hand had done of its own accord. As he looked down in surprise to find that one of his hands was placed on Sherlock’s bare chest.
"Have they been being awkward? Mum's been being over enthusiastic about everything, hasn't she." She stated.
"Look I know you don't want to think about it. You made that perfectly clear last time I asked, but it is less than a week left before we are due back to school.... What on earth are we going to do!" John said gesturing towards Felix in a frantic manner who just looked back at him with round eyes and gurgled.
John just laughed and shook his head, putting his hands on his knees to try to catch his breath. "Well you were quite far away. I'm not going that fast!"
The school had a rule that if using the sports field, you must be in at least pairs, as the field was half hidden from view from the school building, and the rule was implemented after a nasty injury took place on the field to a lone runner when John was in Year 8, and henceforth meant there were serious punishments to be given if anyone was found alone on the sports field.
"So John, let's hear about your holiday! It's been so long!" She asked, giving him a hug, and smiling so much her face started to look strange. John relayed the events of his summer to his parents, thinking back to when him and Sherlock had practiced his anecdotes back at the flat. He told them of the stories of the archery lessons, the hiking up mountains, all things which corresponded with the pictures he had.
After he had seen Sherlock, all John had wanted to do was to go after him, to find him again, but his friends had surrounded him and not allowed him to leave. John had thought about simply leaving by himself, however he had no idea how he would have navigated the long, dark treacherous road home without the group. Finally though, he had persuaded the others that it was late enough, and he was now home.
“No it is not. This is absurd. I will go on the slide, to prove I am not scared of it!”  With this he turned on his heels and began to stride towards the tall tower of steps to get to the top.
They walked behind the small girl who was now carrying Felix and talking at a rate of knots to him as she walked excitedly to house after house, helping him collect his sweets.
“John, the mere architectural structure of the slide and the amount of water being channeled in would determine the velocity of the person travelling. Not-”
"No! It's not like that, we have just done it as friends. Nothing like- we're not... Not like that."
"Okay, a four month old child, who needs constant attention!" Said John, feeling like the only rational one in the room, and like he was being blatantly ignored by the brothers.
Also because Sherlock would have lived quite happily in a flat only containing test tubes and tea, and would have withered away his cases seated on the floor, oblivious to the lack of furniture, and John thought that a least someone in the flat had to take control.
"Don't we know anyone who could do it?" John continued. "Hang on... What about a friend? Someone at school who takes different subjects to us? Couldn't they look after him?"
John was thankful that Sherlock had actually done something, he looked over at the cot, and then back at Sherlock then he frowned, his mind thinking.
"Okay, fine by me. I don't mind!" John said picking up Felix and sitting on the sofa. "So what do we have to do today?" He mumbled, asking himself, "well we don't have an assembly until tomorrow morning, but supper is at seven. Isn't it Felix?" He smiled and tickled the baby, who let out a small giggle. Sherlock stood up and walked to the door.
Sherlock sighed and looked up at John, “I’m not annoyed at you John...only annoyed at this ridiculous park which makes rides with clearly unequal measurements of waterflow.” He smiled at John to show him that the annoyance was trivial and temporary and already dissipating.
At the top of the tower they stood in the two parallel queues to get to the two dark holes of the beginning of the slide that were before them.
"It's fine." He repeated, throwing a shirt onto his bed from his case, and then picking up the entire case and tipping it onto the floor by the end of his bed.
"Well we have been um, looking after, um." He looked at Harry and then knew he didn't want to lie at all to her, so he just said it how it was.
John took a long look at his friend in curiosity. He had seen Sherlock notice the sign, the one which said ‘family.’ This made John very happy but he didn’t understand Sherlock sometimes. He just couldn’t.
"Five months and eleven days old." Sherlock declared looking down proudly at Felix in his arms, he then looked at Molly and quickly placed Felix into her lap to see how she would react. She just grinned and turned him to face her.
John closed his eyes and sighed, knowing it was to come to an end, and as his fingertips left Sherlock’s skin, and he drew his hand away, feeling the sensation falling out of his grasp once again, he felt warm lips on his own.
They started to walk in, Greg still excited about John's time. As they picked up their stuff in the changing room, John remembered that that he and Sherlock were in the dorm next to Greg and Oliver, and so they started to head up together to their dorms, still in their shorts and hockey shirts, and padding along in their socks, up the wooden staircase quickly, so they weren't seen wandering about the school in their PE kit, which could lead to a detention, unless it was on a day of a school match... Just another of those many seemingly pointless school rules.
John handed over his watch and went to the starting line and got into position. He felt an overwhelming need to impress Greg, and this meant he felt all of a sudden shaky. He took in a few deep breaths to calm himself, and waited until Greg yelled 'Go!', before releasing his nerves and sprinting. After he had passed over the finish line, Greg started jumping around looking down at the watch.
"Nick. Nick really, turn that off! Look John's home!" John's mother said exasperated. His father pulled his eyes away from the television and grunted and nodded towards John and then pressed the off switch on the remote. He looked John up and down and then through the awkward silence he spoke.
"Oh... Well so are you just going to keep him in your dorm room? I'm amazed you managed to get the school to give you permission t-"
“It’s alright Sherlock, it is quite a scary slide.” John joined in, understanding the game his sister was playing.
Finally they had managed to gather all their school things together, and the next morning, Sherlock sent for a delivery car to pick their cases and the pram which was folded into a non distinct black bag with instructions to deliver their luggage to the school later on, and so they just had their overnight bags with them. The lack of the pram, left them to carry Felix around with them in a baby sling John had insisted on buying and was coming in handy pretty often! They put it around John's front, as Sherlock refused to carry anything except his own bag. Although as they got onto the Bakerloo Line on the underground, Sherlock surprised John by protectively elbowing past people to get on first and give John a seat, despite them being on the train for a short time. Once seated,
I clearly ... don't want anything getting in the way of Sherlock doing his part towards looking after Felix. Good. Now I had that in order. I realised that must be why I'm jealous. And so in the words of my father. I had to move on and get over it. Worrying and debating won't help anyone. Taking in one last breath of the fresh, cool air, I wandered back inside, clear with my reasoning.
“Birth- What.”  Sherlock stuttered, looking over at John. His mind raced, but within a couple of seconds it had dawned on him, through his deductions that John had not told him of his birthday.
She picked up the present and turned it upside-down, and then covered it with the tissue paper, putting a quick piece of tape here and there to hold it together, then she opened up the sheet of wallpaper, and keeping the present upside-down, she quickly folded in each of the flaps, neatly into the sides and stuck down each folded triangle with a small piece of tape, before flipping the present the right way around and holding it up to Sherlock. His eyes were wide in amazement, as he took it from her, looking over the neatly folded paper and then back at Molly, then at the present again, not understanding the process which had just happened in front of him.
Sherlock sat bolt upright in bed and his eyes flashed open. He got out of bed and picked up Felix who was standing up in his cot waving his arms wildly at him. Felix giggled and laughed as he swung him around and then proceeded to the sofa where he sat next to John. He played with him for a few moments, before he heard Harry call over to John.
"Okay, here is your 'John cup of tea' then!" I said as I handed him a mug, before bringing Felix over, and my own mug, we all sat down on the sofa together.
Sherlock said nothing but just glanced back the way they had come and then at the school again, before furrowing his eyebrows confusedly.
Sentiment, emotions, they weren't supposed to affect him... but he suddenly needed John, he knew he needed him. He wanted to bring him back, to apologise. He jumped up suddenly, off of the sofa, startling Felix who looked up at him bemused. He then grabbed his phone and found Molly's contact with in a couple of seconds. He debated texting her but then realised it needed to be quicker than a text so pressed the dial button. It rang out several times before he flung it down on the floor in frustration. Sherlock looked down at his phone which was now lying shattered on the floor. A myriad of criss-crossing zigzag breaks had erupted over the entire screen as if it was lightning. Sherlock moaned lightly as he picked it up, looking over it in dismay.
As John's mates stood with him at the bar, they had caught the attention of a tall and blonde girl standing next to them, in the same position, waiting to get a drink. She was wearing a tight fitting skirt and a low cut top, and had a bag slung over one shoulder. Her heels gave the impression of height, elongating the look of her legs.
In the days which followed the night out, Sherlock had reverted much back to his old self, not even mentioning the state he had been in, and brushing entirely past the moment they had shared together. This confused John even more because he started to even doubt himself that the moment had happened, and that this side to Sherlock, the vulnerable and dependent side, was merely a figment of his overactive imagination and not there inside his friend at all.
He printed out the photo along with all of the others, and like the others, on nice photo paper so it came out looking glossy. This one he separated from the pile of his 'holiday' and took them all into the kitchen where Sherlock was with Felix, and just preparing his milk for him.
"She could look after him for us just as a favour for the start of term, that will give us some more time to think of something permanent."
“Well, they think that- that... well... we are together." He said, looking cautiously up at Sherlock.
"Yeah, that would be nice, okay." Molly said a little dazed by this unexpected news, not having fully taken it in yet.
To the right as you entered, there were a couple of chests of drawers, both looking old and intricate like the rest, and then straight ahead was a worn looking sofa with a small coffee table and a floor lamp. The bathroom was just off to the left from where you enter the room from, and contained a silver coloured shower and porcelain sink and toilet with shining taps and a bluish colour scheme on all the walls. All around the dorm, there were framed pictures of landscapes, just hanging on the walls for no reason whatsoever. They had to sign an agreement with the use of the dorm, that said they may decorate as they wished, so long as the dorm was given back at the end of the two years exactly how it was at the start. John put down his bag and looked around him at their new home. He grinned, and looked over to Sherlock who was holding Felix and turning up his nose.
He turned to John who sucked in a breath, his eyes glazed in shock. He looked down at the child in John’s arms, who was looking up at the two with wide eyes and a small mouth curved into small ‘o’ shape. John gritted his teeth, feeling dizzy and overwhelmed.
John looked over to the other bed across from him as he sat down again on the edge of his own. Sherlock was tucked under the covers, his hair the only thing which seemed to be peeking out above them. He could also see that Sherlock had his knees to his chest under the blanket and one thin white hand, clutching the outside of the blanket and sticking out of it whilst doing so. John smiled and lay down in his own bed, pulling his covers up and settling down into the soft pillow to sleep, happy his family were around him.
They started walking towards the school in the way which John knew well by now, the countryside was empty and continued all around them for miles, the sky was a light blue and completely clear, resulting in the cold that surrounded them as they walked. Some of the trees were beginning to lose their leaves and others looked still as green and as fresh as they had since the start of the spring that year. John breathed in the fresh air and could smell the pine trees which lay a little ahead, as well as the smell of all the Summer flowers which still remained in the edges of fields which were ready to be harvested soon. They walked away from the path and into a wooded area that John knew would end up close to the school. The trees reached high above them into the crowd of leaves, and birds which chirped happily hid between the branches that surrounded them.
Sherlock went to sit in his chair and picked up his phone and started texting. John looked at him narrowing his eyes.
“Hello” John said smiling, wary of whether or not it had been appropriate to smile at someone else’s child. “I’m sorry, your baby is very cute!” He said.
John watched Sherlock too, listening to his beautiful playing, full of meaning, which looked effortless, but was obviously very complicated. He watched the way his eyes creased in concentration, feeling every note of the song. John shut his eyes, enjoying how the song made him feel, like he was floating and somehow like nothing bad ever would happen again to anyone. Once it was nearing to a close, and Sherlock was ringing out the last notes of the song, John opened his eyes and looked over at the cot, where the baby was now fast asleep, lying against his cushion. He turned to Sherlock who was also looking at the baby with a slight smile in his eyes. John spoke softly as not to wake him.
John started to relax, they were on their way back to their own dorm with Felix, and they were coming closer to their own room. John felt relived that at least they hadn't been caught this time with Felix. But as they turned into their corridor to their horror, Oliver from next door was just coming out of his room. John's eyes widened slightly and his heart started thudding, afraid of being caught, Sherlock also hastened his pace, but Oliver noticed them and with a beaming grin, turned to face them.
Sherlock started pacing the width of the room, John’s eyes followed him back and forth and so did the baby’s. The baby kept quiet only turning his face to John’s as if to ask what Sherlock was doing. John gave him a look back as if to say ‘I have no idea what the crazy guy is doing.’
"Mycroft! You can't actually be considering this!" John said ignoring Sherlock's glares directed at him.
“No. I’m sure the child won’t bother me. ‘Parenting.’ It can’t be that hard, most of you idiots in this world do it.”
He went in to a strange sight. His sister was lying on the floor on her back in a strange position with her foot by her face. She looked around when she heard John enter.
“They are still stupid books.” Sherlock said over his shoulder whilst walking back into the kitchen.
“Oh don't be ridiculous, you know very well.” She replied, flashing him a grin and wandering into his dorm room. John scurried in after her.
Sherlock kept glancing at John on the way home in the taxi. They were going home for about an hour before John had to go to his parents house, and Sherlock could tell that he wasn't looking forward to it. He could read the worry in his friend's furrowed eyebrows, and his slightly hunched posture, and the way John kept in looking out of the window. Sherlock looked over at the sleeping Felix in his pram, and then back to John, anxious himself for his friend.
"Sher-" he began, not quite knowing what to say or what Sherlock's reaction would be to the names he'd just said. He soon found out. Sherlock, running his hand through his hair, stood up and walked towards his case and started to violently unpack it. All hilarity cut out of the air around them, changing it instead to an awkward atmosphere.
By chance it was close by to the staircase which lead to the outside door of the building in the west wing of the school. John ran out to Sherlock, and the two of them, quickly moving around the building edge with John in front looking out, darted up the flight of stairs and down the corridor and to their room which was at the end of a long corridor with doors to dorms on each side. When they got to their door, John checked the key again and then looked at the door, it was an old wooden door made of dark wood with nice carved embellishments on each side and a sturdy brass handle. Like everything in the school it was old, but in a country house, refined way and was like everything, very well kept.
After three trips, John had got the boxes up the stairs. Sherlock- only moving to flick his page, did nothing to help. Once finished, John found a knife and then slit open the top box. Inside, it was full of nappies. The second and third contained various other baby things, such as bottles and toys and then the fourth box, which was long and thin, contained a flat pack baby cot. John sighed a sigh of relief. At least Mycroft was much more sensible than his brother. He turned to the useless one in the corner.
The players all pushed into the changing rooms, picking up their stuff from the benches and taking long drinks from their water bottles. Just as John went to pick up his stuff and sit down to take off his shoes, he heard someone calling over all the people talking.
"I can't decide, do we take the winter uniform or not? I can't remember and Felix isn't being very helpful."
"I just didn't. I have much more suitable clothes for him to wear." He assured, plucking out of his basket with his long, elegant fingers; a small, dark, well made suit and little shirt on a tiny hanger.
He tried to put it around it one way. It came apart, then the other way, which came apart too. With a grunt of annoyance at the paper, he took a strip of Sellotape and then held down the paper, only to find that the tape had stuck to the side of his jumper. He ripped it off in frustration and tried again, only to have it stick to the back of the sofa. One more time he tried and held it carefully, not letting it stick to anything, only for him to realise h had no free hand to fold the paper and hold it down. He tried to hold it down with his elbow but it came undone and flapped open to the sides again. He yelled in anger and leapt up, dropping the Sellotape on the floor, as Molly watched him in amusement.
"Anyway, look I printed out another as well, I really like this photo." He praised, handing it over.
John's head raised, very rarely if ever in his recollection being able to remember his friend saying such a thing.
Before John had even agreed. Sherlock's face grew into a smug smile, feeling the glory of winning the competition against Mycroft, and he held the baby out at arms length to talk to him.
However this plan of John’s, which had worked so well throughout his school life so far, was about to be scuppered. Completely scuppered by the knock on the door.
He tried to rock the child in his arms the way he had seen mothers do, he patted him on the back and stroked his hair, murmuring that everything was going to be okay, although he was reassuring himself more than the child, who was too young to understand what had just happened.
Thankyou to all you amazing people who are commenting and reading this story! Love you guys! Here's another chapter for you! :) Enjoy!
"Sherlock... Is that an appropriate costume for a baby to be wearing?" John asked, coming over closer to look at his son.
A few minutes later John and Sherlock were still staring at Felix with glee, and John, still wiping the tears from his eyes, put him back on the floor and the boy crawled around, picking up various objects and throwing them out of his path when he didn’t want them. The pair of them looked like the most proud parents in the world, their faces plastered with silly grins which radiated all the warmth and love they had for their son.
John was slightly amazed and bemused at actually getting an apology out of Sherlock, usually this was only used if he really wanted something! Maybe he'd panicked him. 'Good.' He thought.
With a couple of minutes to go, their team were losing the game and John was getting frustrated. He was starting to feel tired and therefore flagging and losing his concentration and focus he had started with. He gripped his hockey stick and ran towards the ball, determined to win the game. Using his last reserves of energy he sprinted and flung it to another player who hit it into the goal making it an equal score for both teams.
"Hello." Sherlock curtly replied, his voice tight and his lips thin, but as Sherlock's bad and strange moods were increasingly commonplace, John didn't notice this as being odd behaviour at all. He spoke out, barely looking up from his phone as he did so.
"Oh, shopping for the little brother then? How sweet." She leant over and talked to Felix in his pram by the desk. "Are your big brothers taking you out then? Isn't that nice of them!"
"There you go, you feeling slightly better?" John asked, sitting down next to him, with his own cup of tea. Sherlock just nodded and sipped his tea languorously.
John got up, walked towards the front door and swung it open, to find two unfamiliar people around his age standing just outside, and not the teachers that he had been fearing. One was right in front of the door with a eager and smiling look on his face, and the other boy was sort of cowering behind him, looking extremely embarrassed by his friend. The one at the forefront was a fairly tall boy with dark hair, styled into a sort of small quiff at the front. He wore a black coat with small leather detailing and dark blue jeans along with scuffed up blue trainers. He began to chirpily make conversation with John.
Something close to a giggle escapes Sherlock’s lips and he quickly looks around to make sure no one’s heard. His phone chimes again before he can answer,
Oh I know they'll both protest if I were to actually say any of this. I don't have enough fingers to count the number of conversations I had about this with Dad, about my mother and all that happened before and after my birth. I think I get who she was and what she did. Even if Dad and Pa' always made sure not to let their own feelings get in the way during those talks, I know what she did to them. How she tore them apart, how she destroyed what they build, still so fragile. Dad dried my tears many times, telling me over and over again he would do it all again just to have me in his life, and I've learned to understand that I couldn't change any of it, but just try to make them happy.
John sits in his chair, contempt in his solitude, only the sound of cars passing down the street breaking the silence inside the flat. He can’t remember the last he actually enjoyed a moment of peace. Back in his old flat, all he craved was noise, any kind of sound that would explode around him and bring him back to the real world. He doesn’t want to think of the countless afternoon spent alone, waiting, for anything, anyone really. Or just, in complete honesty, someone. He would look at his front door, the window or simply behind him, waiting for him to appear out of nowhere only to grab his hand and embark him into another adventure.
Sherlock nods, looking as if he's about to say something more, but sighing instead. "I'll be back soon."
XX32: Sure used to act like one before. Listen, Sherlock, I really didn’t call for us to fight over this.
“Are you kidding, I bet that this John must be reading every reply to his tweet hoping one of them is from you!”
and you held my hand as if you were afraid I would go away,” John continues, voice much closer now. “You held on to me so tightly, Sherlock.”
"What the hell is going on?" John finally asks, hands beginning to shake when Sherlock shows no signs of replying. "Sherlock," he says, just a little louder. "What the hell is going on?!"
Just like if you had asked me to undress you and ravish every inch of your body. God, just thinking about it now is making me shiver with want. I’ve been trying to repress it all to a dark corner of my brain for so long now that letting it all out lately is overwhelming. You see, I had never let myself believe it could someday happen. That one day I could taste your skin and finally know.
"It's probably because it's still brand new, but I don't think I'll ever get tired of hearing you say that," John remarks.
“I’m Thomas. I’m bringing Mr. Holmes’s newspaper,” the boys explains, raising it as  evidence. “He asked me to bring it here directly.”
“John, John.” He gasped, having more and more trouble keeping himself up. He couldn’t find the right position for John to hit his prostate and Sherlock had never been a patient man. “John, I can’t. I…” He didn’t managed to finish his sentence, John thrusting up harshly into him.
I turn to face him, waiting by the door too now. Rosie is fast asleep in her carseat, and I look down at her, too afraid of what my face could let John know in this very instant.
He remains sitting there for a long moment, phone in hand and the promise he just made making his head spin. He knows Rosie is just trying her best, and that she never really recovered from when they left 221B to have their a flat of their own. With the years she had understood that the upstairs bedroom was getting too small for the two of them, but she had never fully accepted leaving her Pa’ behind, and had resented him ever since. John wishes he could have told her that he would have loved nothing more but to stay in Baker Street all these years, would have love to the find the courage to ask Sherlock if there was just the smallest chance that he could move to his bedroom instead and remain there.
Sherlock's eyes find his again, and this time linger there for a long moment. John forces himself to look back at the road, fingers curling into a fist and he breathes out slowly.
"I might have no idea what I'm supposed to do once we get there," Sherlock continues, smiling but blushing too, "but I know I want to be yours entirely."
Despite the early hour, the airport was already crowed. Sherlock made his way towards the reservation desk to ask for his new flight. The queue in front of the several desks made him sigh and he prepared himself for a long wait. He went over yesterday’s arrest and stored away the details he needed to remember, deleting the rest. He made sure not to think about John waking up to an empty room.
So here it is, Sherlock, the letter I now wish to tear apart and start over. But I won’t, because I trust you with those secrets, trust you with so much more too.
John still couldn’t quite believe his luck. Here he was in their shared room with Sherlock pressed up against the door and practically melting into his body. He caught the student’s lower lip between his teeth, nipping at it slightly. His mind had trouble keeping up with all the things he wanted to do. Swallowing another of Sherlock’s moans, John tried to calm himself down. He had this one night and he wanted to make it count.
Sherlock nodded, he had spotted their suspect the moment they had arrived. He let John get away with this not so subtle change of subject and focused on Marks again. Finally, he was just meters away from his suspect. The months spent in dirty hotels, the hours hidden in some dark alleys, the countless time Sherlock feared for his life. Everything coming to an end in a crowded airport, surrounded by ridiculous Christmas decoration and, most importantly, side by side with an unexpected ally.
More movements, much closer now. Sherlock whispers to himself, having probably found what he’s looking for. John doesn’t recall any case, but surely Lestrade called with something new. He just needs to let Sherlock work it out a little first and then he’ll ask.
