"Oh," said Solomon, sounding not at all surprised. He let go of the keys, leaving them in the lock, and took out a cigarette from his shirt's pocket. "You look awful."
"I'm not going to poke around that thing in your chest if you don't trust me. No pressure, only mutual consent." Steve didn't say anything, and Tony explained, "I'm not of that sort, whatever media's been trying to convince you of."
"Can't sleep?" he asked, before coming in. "I don't like loud noises, they stop me from thinking and working."
"Oh yes," the ghem-colonel with a Barrayaran name readily agreed. "They stitch the genome with a rusty needle. Would you mind if we won't talk about this place again in this context?"
As the future had it, they were both far from the truth: the new consul, introduced to them at the start of the banquet, was completely wrong. For one, Steve was already used to the fact that all Cetagandans were tall, even than compared to him, but this one was slightly shorter, and for their people could probably almost be considered a dwarf.
"As a rule, he left everything as it is," answered the ba. "But you can decide for yourself. No one, it seems, is going to be surprised."
The day was dawning. Looking through the field, Steve saw clouds of smoke coming up on another side of it.
Tony's car disappeared around the corner, and Steve lowered his shoulders and sighed. This short bout of activity tore him from a half-asleep state he's been existing in and made him want to do things again. Coming home, Steve kept having that thought that refused to leave him alone – the second world war in this world happened in the same way except for one little detail: there was no Iron Man. What happened to him? Why was the project never started? What happened to Steve Rogers of this world?
In the place, where the metal was pressing into the meat of his arm, new skin was already growing - thin and slightly pink, but definitely healing.
Janet crossed her hands on her chest, looking threatening – the same way she did the day Hank's lab got trashed. She noticed Barton's gaze and tried to hide her legs with her gown, but it was too short to be able to hide anything. Barton grinned, but for some reason, Janet looked neither hurt, nor offended, in fact, she was hiding a smile. Sometimes Steve didn't understand anything about women.
'No, you made an impression of an intel gathering station, poorly masquerading as a Cetagandan,' thought Steve with a hint of awe. The ghem-lord was looking at him with his naturally mournful eyes and almost forcing Steve to feel guilty – look at him, playing spy games around a perfectly innocent consul, making him feel nervous, and now looming like a vengeful spirit...
"I regularly read crime news." Steve went to the couch, took his hoodey and crumpled it in his hands. "But going against thieves and burglars in that?" Steve waved at the armor.
"I'll be honest, the same's true about me," the weird Cetagandan smiled and continued, "a truth for a truth? You can ask me, I'll ask you, and we both will leave this meeting enlightened."
"There's a lady present," the Consul repeated with a smirk. "Even if she's bent on denying the importance of that. I'd rather be naked when dressed in something dirty and ill-fitting. And don't trust ghem-lord Rau's opinion blindly. He's good at telling tales, even if he wouldn't lie outright. I'll clean up, have a coffee, if your protocol would allow such a liberty, and I'll tell you everything I know. Which isn't much."
"Are you going to brighten up the yellow moon of Barrayar? How exactly do you plan on doing that? And what's to be made of the blue one?" Jarvis recently behaved like an exemplary ba, so even his irritating pointed questions didn't bother Stark.
He handed Steve a small case and put a grey folder on it with papers that Steve probably should've definitely read before signing, but Steve saw the name of the sender and relaxed. Tony could be trusted in such things.
He was drawing from memory, closing his eyes to mix the familiar imagery in his mind, not quite sure what was it that he was trying to draw in the first place, how much time, if any at all, had passed. The familiar feelings overwhelmed him almost as much as being connected to the armor again did earlier. But if the armor could wait, the image in his head demanded to be drawn.
"It'll take you a while, the first time," said Tony, softly. The parts of the armor dislocated and started slowly coming into places. Steve's head was swimming, like somebody took his hand and was making him slide blindly on the ice. It resembled a bit doing jigsaw puzzles that Steve learned about from Tony, but in reverse: details only found their places when Steve stopped thinking of where to put them. The armor was smarter than it seemed, or maybe, Tony did find a way to make it intelligent after all. Steve read something about people researching that.
They were let inside without questions, the sight of Tony's raised eyebrow was all it took. The spacious, shining corridors had huge, taller than human, windows, the sight of which somehow disturbed Steve. This place, like any open, hardly protected territory, was dangerous: too many people, too few places to hide in, and glass. The smallest explosion would... Steve shook his head.
"Your wonder boy from the forties," their guest continued, undisturbed. "Don't play dumb with me, Reed, you can't lie. Well? Where? In the kitchen? Guessing by the panic in your eyes, I'm right. Move away, or I'll crush your feet."
Steve smirked, moved back and lied down on the blanket spread on the ground, looking at the night sky.
The transformation was almost instantaneous: one moment Bruce was squirming on the ground, trying to get away from Steve, and the next something burst through. Hulk was really a giant green monster with his face twisted in rage. He had nothing in common with Bruce, other than tatters of the man's clothing. The weapons were raging all around, the bullets pierced the ground and tore through the truck, but nothing reached Steve. Hulk stood in the line of fire, and Steve couldn't tear his eyes away from him.
Steve tried to remember what was known about that group. Lily Durona, a genius medic, was created in labs of House Rioval, then later she joined House Fell and repeatedly cloned herself. All her female clones were named after flowers, and male – after birds. All of them were genius in their own ways, specializing in different areas of medicine. Aram Durona was, apparently, a genius genetics researcher. Why did he leave the group? Or was he working under their orders all that time? There were rumors circulating, that for the last forty years Durona's group lived on Escobar, their research not at all contributing to the glory of Jackson's Whole. But if Doctor Abraham left them before the group was sold and moved, who was he working for?
Steve woke up feeling a weird tension in his chest. He reacted before he could think, calling the armor. The armor that, of course, was nowhere to be found in the middle of a field in Mississippi.
He couldn't even imagine why Tony didn't lose his conscience or how exactly he managed to at least partially restore his hand in such a short time, but, to be honest, he couldn't really care. Be it a miracle or just modern technology, Steve was too tired to figure it out, and the important thing was that Tony was relatively fine.
He tried to relax and look unruffled, but still almost visibly flinched when a man in a wheelchair appeared in the doorway. Reed, quiet and disheveled, stood behind him.
"You're delusional." Steve breathed out, relieved, and cleaned his hand on his trousers. "I hope I wasn't in a bikini." Despite Tony's protests, Steve pulled the man's hand around his shoulders and hugged him. "Let's go."
Tony's number wasn't in the phone book, but the one for Stark Industries was. Steve dialed it, almost without hope, and flinched, when a pleasant female voice answered him:
"My wrists." There were bright red marks on them from the leather straps. He didn't know how he managed to irritate his skin so much with such soft material. "My back and my chest." He paused for a moment. "My head's spinning."
A glowing message appeared on the screen before his eyes: 'Processing request: locate Tony Stark.' Steve froze, waiting. 'The object is located.'
"Sounds like a threat," remarked Natasha. "We don't have time for ethno cultural studies, though. Let's get back to business. Jarvis, right?"
"Well, try it, at least." The Cetagandan behind the door clearly started sniffing. "If it doesn't work, bring a cutter. I'll write him a review when I get out of here! The damn idiot will be paying fees for the rest of his life!"
"You were right, by the way. Hulk can be controlled." Tony drummed on his palm with fingers of another hand, deep in thought. Steve felt it. "Do you know what he said when he saw you on the ground? 'Safeguard'. A complicated word for that brute. Any idea what it means?"
"Great," Stark nodded and crossed his hands, clearly showing he refuses to accept blame for anything. "What am I being blamed for, then?"
Jarvis tore his careful gaze away from the screen with mysterious chemical formulas and stared at the Barrayaran.
It wasn't the first time Steve had to wait for things. He was good at waiting. Unlike Tony. He'd make a dreadful soldier, because, like Steve concluded following his endless movements around the room, he was as impatient as you could possibly get. First, he fiddled with the TV that nobody turned on since he fixed it. Then he went to a staircase to yell at somebody over the phone. Then he just paced around the room, like an animal locked in a cage.
"How did they implant it? How does it even work, do you need to think a certain way? Are there commands? Codes? Mental Morse code? That's too many questions. Alright."
"I think," Tony coughed, "I think my baby is not capable of withstanding an attack from a giant green monster."
Stark waved his long silk sleeve towards a couple of low chairs just calling for them to get comfortable and a table with some pots, cups and pialas.
They arrived quickly. Steve expected another apartment, perhaps, as small and cluttered as the one Reed had, but what he saw instead was a giant complex of milky-white buildings. Steve squinted and read the name, and while it didn't precisely tell him anything, he got the gist of it: this was a state-run research facility. It made sense for scientists to be here.
Then again, Steve thought, absent-mindedly, the man lying next to him now just a few hours ago had his hands up to his elbows in Steve's chest.
"It's pointless to have a plan for everything when there are too many options." Tony touched the wire with the fingers of his free hand, and Steve flinched. "Sometimes it's better to risk it, especially if you know it'll be worth it."
"Secondly, I'm also a Captain." Nat showed him her new stripes that hadn't yet taken their place on her collar.
He spent so much time trying to convince himself it wasn't possible, that there was no way back, and he was stuck here, in his new home. Hearing it wasn't true, after all, made it harder to breathe.
Steve accepted a cup of tea and nodded. The Cetagandan was digging like a mole, and in a completely right direction. Really, it was strange they managed to at least slow him down a bit.
"Come on, I'm still Volt for my friends," the house's master smirked. "Let's come upstairs, into the office. We shouldn't embarrass the young ones and stop them from making their usual chaos."
"Isn't he a bit short for a son of an haut-lady?" asked Steve, after making sure that the big-eared consul was nowhere nearby.
"That's not really politically correct," Tony hummed. "But no, I'm not a mutant. I'm, like we all are, just a victim of a series of unfortunate events."
"What questions?" Janet asked, her voice grim. "You're not here about the accident, are you?" She got up from the chair and looked at Wilson in a way that Steve didn't like at all. "You need Hank's work. You don't give a shit if he's alive or not!"
"And unofficially you won't be banned from Barrayar, but you will have to leave for your own safety. And I think, Steve should come with you. If the criminals have plans for him, that'll ruin those. Besides, he can keep an eye on you and share the information with us. You can't expect us just to let you go either which way."
"It's hard to ignore a genius," said Bruce. "Never mind that, though. You've probably heard of a destroyed city in the south of Nevada."
Hulk breathed out noisily, and Steve looked around. The monster, the beast that Ross's little army was so scared of, looked at Steve, as if expecting something.
The train station was small and very traditional. If he ignored the modern clock on the wall and some tiny details, just for a moment Steve could imagine still being in his time. He closed his eyes. The ruckus of people passing by, an announcement about a train arriving, quiet music from the speakers. This train station, this whole city seemed fallen out from the time stream, slow and quiet. In his short time in this new world, Steve forgot how peaceful it could be.
To his apparent regret, they didn't get stuck in the elevator. It was creaking, and they had to really pull the door to get it open, but it was still working. Steve didn’t notice them going through the corridor, but he did remember noticing one of the rooms opening with a corner of his eye and Pepper looking out. She watched them for a while and then disappeared again.
With Jarvis' help, they turned Stark into a cocoon and pushed a cup of tea into his hands. At the last second, Steve did change his mind about putting alcohol into it, it didn't seem safe enough for him, and instead poured a few drops of cognac.
"Alright, I've calmed down. Find me the file on this... Grant Stuart. Let's see, if that's the mirage mother was so gracious to warn me about from half the galaxy away.”
"You've adapted well," Bruce noticed. "And found some interesting people. It was clearly not Grimm that hacked the archives for you."
"What do you suggest?" Clint looked at the Cetagandans, and then gave another glance to Steve. "Putting up warnings on all posts warning citizens that THEY are among us?"
"Direct him somewhere... somewhere in Memphis, let him look for us there." He paused for a moment. "Twenty-seven miles, huh? Cool. Doctor Banner, congratulations: you'd be unbeatable at marathon."
"A lot of remarkable stuff, yeah?" Reed gave him an unsure smile, but then slouched and looked down. "I'm sorry you have to go through all of this."
"Nobody was suggesting ethanol as a lubricant," said Tony. "What horrible thoughts you have. The next minute you'll be suggesting fir oil. There should be some cream in the bag. It smells of lilies of the valley, for a change, not like weapons. I've no idea why I have it. It's probably my mother's idea."
"Loud noises," he repeated. "Alright, I won't distract you anymore. I need to check the calculations one more time. Victor will never stop mocking me, if he finds a mistake."
The building had no visible signs of damage. When Jan said 'explosion', Steve pictured ruined cities and air strikes, flaming buildings, smog and debris. Nothing like this was here, just a couple of black cars with toned windows and a few guys in black suits at the entrance – completely identical and inscrutable. Looking closer, Steve noticed they had guns.
"Well, we can go to sleep, insult each other again, drink another gallon of tea and play chess," started listing Tony, now touching him with both hands anywhere he could reach. "Or we can warm up faster, let adrenalin out of our systems and get to know each other in the most pleasant of ways."
The box that she and Hank put on a vault suddenly twitched, and there was a strange rustling noise coming from it. Steve frowned.
"Good evening, ghem-colonel," Steve gave an official greeting to the Consul, who was not grasping the gravity of the situation he found himself in. "I think you're aware that's not how interrogation works. Maybe, you could tell us instead about your and your servant's motivation?"
Steve carefully touched Janet's wrist with his metal-covered fingers and looked at her open palm with a small dark shard, resembling a broken pixel more than anything real. It blinked red at him.
"I agree." On their way, Steve glanced briefly at unoccupied cabins that looked no bigger than a shoebox, but with its own shower each, at the compact mess-room and, finally, at the rather big in comparison tactical control room that occupied almost half of the whole space of the ship. "Did you really design all of this?"
"If you don't move your arm," said Tony, in a weirdly amused voice, "I'll take this as an invitation."
"I believe you," Steve answered faster than he could think. Bruce looked at him. His eyes glowed in the light of fire.
They were sitting alone in the quiet of the kitchen. Bruce didn't like crowds, even if those crowds consisted of a tight circle of scientists and friends, so he still tried to stay away. Steve, however, was grateful for his company. He felt his hand being scratched, and stood up again.
Later, when Steve was gathering all the empty boxes and cleaning up, Tony went to stand next to the window with his back to Steve. It was evening already, and the quiet neighborhood they were in plunged into the twilight, illuminated only by the soft glow of streetlights. They couldn't even hear cars – people rarely passed this street.
"This is madness," he said, "the armor must've driven me mad ages ago, and I'm lying in a hospital. All of this – the future, antmen, hulks, you – is just my feverish fantasy."
"What a grand introduction," Tony snorted. He wasn't as tense anymore, and he smirked, waving his cane. "This is the place where a whole bunch of people in white coats research millions of things that nobody cares about, Steve. Boring. The most important discoveries are made at home, in the kitchen."
"How long have we known each other, Steve?" Bruce asked, softly. "Three days? And you're offering to help, just like that?"
"I guess," Steve fell silent. "If he's dead, his contracts with the mercenaries are void, right? So I can go back home?"
Outside, just at the exit, Steve suddenly turned around and looked back at the lab. Tony froze next to him.
"You mean she volunteered? That's weird," Steve tried to imagine what could be going through a mind of a creature that resembled a human more out of habit than necessity and failed.
"I think 'Tony' would suffice. Being cold Anthony makes me feel like I'm a child again, who's about to be reprimanded for something."
"Then that's what we should give them. Officially, your Emperor will receive a note of protest, and you will be banned from Barrayar with all your servants and the ba."
"I also like cuddling, but only after a shower. These lilies are starting to irritate me. By the way, it helped, my throat doesn't hurt anymore, and I haven't felt this healthy for a while.
People taught Steve, once upon a time, that when the situation is at an impasse, you have to look for a third option. But he could hardly focus on looking for the right solution, now. So, he decided, for once, to act before thinking.
Reed looked weirdly nervous. Steve only saw him like that once, when Sue announced that she's taking the whole thing – Steve’s adaptation and getting to know the world thing – under her control.
Steve didn’t say a word. The first person not of this house that he met in this world was fast, loud and incomprehensible, just like the time he lived in. He looked the part as well - in a suit, with a strange foldable cane and a wheelchair that looked way more high-tech than it had any right to be. Steve probably wouldn't have been surprised to learn it could fly.
"Let's go in and ask," offered the Captain, feeling his professional paranoia creeping towards forming a conspiracy theory with a holographic garden at its core. "There's no fence, and no checkpoint."
His stubbornness was apparently starting to annoy Tony. He tried to cross his hands, swore and rubbed his forehead nervously, leaving red lines on it.
"We decided to recreate the serum. Well, actually, the government dug up some old archives, found mentions of the project and decided that, with new technology of these days, we wouldn't repeat the same mistakes," Bruce's voice was steady, calm, as if he was reading a lecture. "We thought... well, you know how it is. We thought we could use it to help people. Help ourselves. I was so inspired."
Tony was still in the armor, the empty gaze of it directed at low buildings in the distance. He didn't react to the noise or to the touch of Steve's hand, and Steve felt helpless anger again, directed first and foremost at himself.
"I don't know. In the time I know this guy, one thing I learned is that he's slippery as an eel. Actually, I called for you so you could help Natasha, you've spent the most time with him, so maybe, you have a certain way... He's allergic to fast-penta, naturally, and we can't hit a diplomat."
"And, Steve," Tony made a pause. "Be careful, alright? Grimm will dismember me if something happens, and then Janet will destroy the pieces that’ll be left of me. And then Pym will join the party and..."
"And my therapist. I started going to therapy in spring. Talked to him," muttered Hank, "about everything. He specializes on scientists, kinda... helps them? I don't know. Is it important? Did Tony have a therapist?"
"I was a genius," answered Tony, simply. He frowned, seeing Steve starting to take off the armor. It was assembling in the air in front of him, like it did before when Tony wore it. "Is something wrong? You're looking way too serious."
"Nanobots." Tony let go of his hand and leaned on the side of the chair. "I inserted my nanobots into your reactor. It connects to your neural system, so the bots should've let you contact the armor pretty fast. The 'fast' part didn't really happen, but it works." He looked away and added, "sorry."
Tony was still dressed in the same clothes as yesterday, and his hair was flattened at one side. He looked tired and sleepy.
He was saying the exact things Steve wanted and feared of hearing. The only thing Faustus was asking for all that he promised was that Steve leave this world, and Steve knew that he was hesitating – choosing – and hated himself for it.
"You can take it, if you want," the man continued. "It's just gathering dust here. There are a couple of boxes with bullets in the storage."
"That's a convenient excuse," marveled Stark, but he didn't argue, it wasn't worth another battle royal.
Why was he feeling so bad? Of course, Steve could never brag about having excellent health, but these sudden bouts of dizziness weren't normal even for him. He closed his eyes and tried to mentally count from ten to one, but with every number he was just feeling worse. The feeling, however, seemed somehow familiar, and he frowned, trying to remember, till all of the sudden, the realization hit him. It was the armor, calling for him.
It awoke something in Steve's memory: some time ago, in that other life, he encountered something like this as well. They had a problem with hypnosis the last few months he spent at war: Steve saved soldiers from captivity, only to have them attack him for no reason. They didn't know where they were, what was going on, they were completely disoriented. Colonel Phillips warned him about hypnosis, said it was the most dangerous thing, and god forbid Rogers let himself and the machine fall under anybody's control.
"It exists," said Steve. He put a plate on the table, and Tony flinched, like Steve was offering him sulfuric acid instead of oatmeal. "And you know it better than I do."
"Wait, I'm coming with you." His hands shook, but he managed to enter the right combination. "I wanted to try this for a while. This is my chance to check what I've managed to do..."
"It's okay, Bruce." The thought of having two injured instead of one on his shoulders made Steve feel dizzy. "Don't worry about it."
Steve heard something about Jarvis from the omnipresent Clint: supposedly, there was something about a few servants in the declaration the Cetagandan had to fill before landing on the planet. Jarvis was mentioned as something of a personal squire for the Consul. Steve didn't have a chance to pay attention to them, though, because they were almost never seen outside the Embassy.
"They don't seem to like Cetagandans here, at all," said Steve, noticing people sending sidelong glances to the group of ghem-lords clad in light tunics.
"I don't know where you're going," said Banner, "I'm going to my car, and then – somewhere far from here."
It wasn't visible under the face paint, but Steve knew that Tony's face that alternatively red and white, and then back again. He was clearly not capable of the answer, so Steve took the reins in his hands.
"Don't tell me the idea only occurred to you now," answered Tony, perplexed. He looked terrified of making a single step, resembling a cat that went outside for the first time.
"You must have information," Steve started, carefully thinking about his every word, "about a project that was started during the Second World War. I looked through the archives, but there's nothing, the only name mentioned was yours."
"We're not in Alabama anymore, if you're curious," said Bruce. He leaned back tiredly and closed his face with his hands. "Mississippi, but I've no idea, what district. There's some food in the bag if you're hungry."
"You look awful," the man remarked. "But it'll pass. I would add some sedatives, but you're already angry at me, so I won't risk it." Tony leaned lower. "Sleep."
"Ah," Tony hummed. "Reed's impossible to say no to, isn't he? Sorry, Grimm, you'll have to suffer through it, the guest's wish is my command. Happy, take us to Pym."
"Not normally, especially not traits like that." Stark sighed. "My mother, however, has been emotionally attached to my father, so she made some adjustments. Nobody dared argue with her: if an haut-lady wants her son to resemble her husband, that's a lovely quirk, nothing more. My turn. Why is there no information in your Academy archives about your enrollment and graduation?"
"For record keeping, sir," calmly replied the ba, appearing beside him like a family ghost. "I'm sorry, but I couldn't find personal records of the elder Rogers. Either the records are broken, which is not uncommon in barbaric worlds, or I was looking for it in the wrong place."
Steve rushed after him. Bruce was sitting in the grass, curled into a ball and with his forehead in his lap. His shoulders were shaking with long, painful spasms, and Steve froze next to him in confusion.
"Which one?" The Cetagandan turned serious at once. His face, with half-smudged face-paint he had no chance to fix, was a mask of grim determination. "When commander Vorromanof's... that's too many R's at once, sorry. When her colleagues dragged me out of bed, I didn't have a chance to make a headcount. But I'm pretty sure all of them are where they're supposed to be, which is the Embassy, and not a replicator bank."
"I'm absolutely sure I don't," Stark grinned. "Then again... Yes, I guess I do. But I don't exactly feel like calling Jarvis and asking him to find some lube, sending him to look for ethanol was quite enough."
"Yeah," he said and stumbled. "I think, I forgot what I left the lab for," his gaze fell on the thermos, "right. What time is it?"
"Oh god," Steve groaned. "Please, Hulk, ignore him. And you!" Steve looked at Tony. "What am I going to do with you?"
Steve shook his head, barely suppressed another coughing fit that his laughter evolved into and turned around with some difficulty. It was probably just a reaction to stress, but he felt light in an almost frightening way. The world still seemed like Steve was seeing it through dirty glass, his wrists hurt and his chest felt tense, but that was it. He was alive, he didn't become disabled and most likely in a couple of days he could put on the armor again and be Iron Man.
He held his breath and connected with it. The armor answered immediately, and Steve was filled with almost child-like happiness, because it felt right. The parts of it rose in the air, following his mental command, and the armor started building itself around his body, his shirt and pants got crumpled in the process, but Steve didn't care. He felt the familiar cold of the metal, got encased in a familiar, almost comforting darkness. Steve was finally home.
"Right, not a good kind of bed talk, got it. I'll be in the kitchen. You can find the kitchen, right?"
"I'm not coming," said Bruce, softly. He raised his head from his crossed hands. "I can't go to big cities."
"A lot of peculiar things about the face paint of that man and almost nothing about himself. Ah, also that according to their weird notions of social order, his mother spent half her life in some higher realm before descending to the sinful earth to get married to his father."
"What..." started Steve, and Hulk lowered his head, making him look animalistic and threatening. "You're not leaving without me?" Hulk nodded. "I'm not leaving without Tony."
"I would be the most expensive charger in the world. Do you even know how much an hour of my time costs?" He scratched his chin. "At a second thought, don't imagine it. Do you wanna walk?"
Tony sighed a few times and kept pulling the shards out, one by one. At some point, Steve lost the count. A pile of bright red metal collected on the ground. Tony had shadows under his eyes, and his hair stuck to his forehead, but he kept pulling out the pieces.
He fell onto the bed, like someone cut his legs off, and accidentally pulled Tony with him. Steve's face was pressed into the blanket and it was hard to breathe. Something inside him demanded he prepare the bed, at least take the shoes off (his shirt was still in the workshop) and lie down properly.
"Why don't you just take a look?" Steve asked and flinched, when Tony tapped him on the chest with a stylus.
They fell silent. Steve had a dozens of questions, but he waited patiently for Bruce to start talking. The man was in no hurry, though. For a moment Steve even thought that he fell asleep.
"I got rejected again, well, you know," said Hank joylessly, "who knew the commission would react like that to talking about weaponry!" He moved his shoulders, and succumbed to Janet’s hugs.
"Oh, trust me," answered Reed, absent-mindedly. "Hank won't let me in, he doesn't trust Victor, that's my partner. So we don't talk that much lately. But his research!"
While they were driving, Steve started wondering again, what could cause a person to isolate and hide themselves like that? It wasn't just fear of authority, Bruce wasn’t really afraid of people catching him, but he was of hurting them. What could possibly make him feel this way?
"No!" The ba showed strong emotion for the first time since the start of the interrogation. "Neither my mistress, nor ghem-lord Stark gave me such orders. And I wouldn't do it – it's beyond the scope of my duties and interests."
Stark considered it, drawing his eyebrows together, most likely trying to figure out what Steve was alluding to, as Steve had to do earlier upon hearing the tea's name. In Stark's place, Steve would be planning on surrounding himself with books and dictionaries in the evening, he was used to that during his rehabilitation and courses, but of course, only the Cetagandan knew what he was planning on doing.
Tony gave him a nervous glance and Steve clenched his teeth, fighting his thoughts. The main thing when trying to survive was listening to someone who knew the situation better than you did. But could he trust Tony? He was hurt and tired, how adequate was his behavior?
"Sounds good," Steve agreed, even though it wasn’t like he had any other choice. "Can I have more tea? And something to eat? Having the perfect physical form is all well and good, but it does require following a certain regime."
"So, what is this you wanted to talk about?" Now the Cetagandan was the one taking the bull by the horns. "I have a few questions for you, but they can wait."
"Alright. But I'll come back for early dinner," Carol stood up and disappeared upstairs. She gave the guests a piercing, but short gaze.
"I didn't know men who operated on me during the war. Well, I knew their names, but I didn't know them."
The ba, clearly shocked by the display, opened its eyes wide and, it seems, for the first time in its life could not find any words to answer the troubled mistress' son. Or maybe, it just wasn't familiar with archaic Russian.
"You didn't get a chance to take a look at his records?" asked Vorbarton, surprised, when Steve shared his thoughts. "His mother is an actual haut-lady. I think she was given to his father for exceptional service, or something like that. I'd say it's almost like that tradition to gift a white elephant that some rulers on the Old Earth had, but..."
"Tony will love it," said Pepper. "He's very fond of paintings of himself. The auction's in a week, by the way, I'll remind you about it later."
"I'm afraid that's classified," Steve was finding it hard to choose words and making pauses in his speech. "Sorry."
"Not quite, he's stuck and can't get out. The door got jammed, voice commands aren't working, and the emergency sensor short-circuited after water got into it."
"Where did you get that?" asked Stark. "Do you always bring cognac on your journeys?" he inquired, after sniffing the air.
He pressed in a few places at once and rolled the plate clockwise. Steve heard something click, and the glowing circle of the reactor moved up. Then he felt deafening emptiness inside, like just after an explosion. Steve heard sounds, but didn't understand them, felt leather straps on his wrists and didn't feel them at the same time. It was hard to breathe.
"It wasn't," said Steve. He looked Tony straight in the eyes, and for some time neither of them spoke. "But I still..." He hesitated, doubting that 'hope' was a good word of choice. "I still think I'll come back and this all will be a mistake."
"I think I know who they are," whispered Tony, pulling Steve aside. "They're experiments of one of Jackson's Whole Houses. Not Rioval or Bharaputra, those stopped their activities years ago, but something smaller that stayed undetected long enough to expect the disappearance of its competitors. But why here?"
"And that mastermind was...?" The Consul raised his eyebrow. "Don't forget, only my mother could order the ba to commit that crime. I think a two meters’ tall woman with her hair sweeping the ground couldn't arrive on Barrayar unnoticed."
"Well, I can hardly fight you right now," Stark gave him a feeble smile. "So yes, I will. And... are we reconciled? I won't get any poetry or presents? That's a shame. Should've stayed angry longer."
The sensors were still making their readings – temperature, humidity, pressure, living creatures on the perimeter. Tony's pulse went even faster, but Steve wasn't surprised – he himself was missing every other breath from all the excitement.
"They don't like staying away from home for so long," whispered Tony. "It's fine, they'll deal. They'll come back with good recommendations and have a chance for good genetic contracts. That's a good enough recompense for visiting worlds that seem barbaric to them."
"And you won't, probably for a day or two, depending on a number of factors," answered Tony. "Nanobots need time. Then again, they can restore themselves and replicate in case of a part of population... disappearing. They're more bio-nanobots, than machines, really." He hummed. "Sometime I'll teach them to think."
"I'll find that bloody Justin, whatever hole he's hiding in, and I'll improve his phenotype so much his own Constellation won't recognize him! What kind of engineer is he? If he's allowed to have children, we'll have an army of bloody idiots on our hands! I'll have that red haired bastard look the way he thinks! Jarvis? Are you here? Get me out of here, it's terribly wet and cold!"
His tone had a hint of anger in it, but this Steve could deal with. Everyone reacted to stress in a different way: some got worried, some overwork themselves to death or repeated everything constantly, and some – like Tony – got angry. That was better than shaking from it, in Steve's opinion.
"You're scaring the elderly with the armor?" Steve asked, indignant. The strange feeling in his skin increased, making it harder to ignore.
"The face paint?" Stark raised his eyebrows and the pattern changed again, as if Steve was talking to a chameleon or a kaleidoscope instead of a Cetagandan. "Let's start with this, then, it's the easiest question."
"No, that was an accident in the lab," graciously explained Stark, appearing next to them so suddenly, as if he himself was a holographic projection. "I'm sorry; I've accidentally listened in on your conversation. I assume, in a few days’ time my hair will be much more appropriate. But it seemed... unbecoming to cancel a planned event just because of this."
Steve made a few steps forward, trying to determine the direction, and then broke through the wall in front of him, not quite understanding what he was doing. There was no one in the building; each floor he passed through was empty, except for this one. On this one, where there was a second pulse beating in his neck.
"Who even drinks in the morning?" Steve asked, without any real urge to hear the answer. He already reached for his t-shirt under Tony's watchful squinting eyes. He looked almost futuristic with the light from the hologram illuminating his face.
He squinted, looking at Steve's hand, and made a rush, awkward move away. A line appeared between his eyebrows. He rubbed his forehead and reached for the thermos.
Steve imagined it and nodded. He used to complain about office work being boring. Now, he could only dream about it.
Tony kept watching Steve like he was his favorite toy and not a person. Steve felt uncomfortable under his unrelenting gaze, but, to his surprise, not as uncomfortable as he expected himself to be.
When Tony came close enough, Steve put his hands around his neck and transferred half his weight on Tony, which made things quite easier. The army, among other things, taught Steve to take help when his own condition didn't allow him to successfully finish the mission. Even if the mission was just getting to his own bed.
"Alright, suppose it's true. Nobody other than Clint and myself know you're escorting the Cetagandan. We'll set up an ambush in your flat and try to catch him in the act. I'll be in contact."
"Right, if the owner didn't want any guests, they would have some kind of barrier," agreed Tony and moved to the door with determined steps, the tails of his garment flowing behind him.
Steve wouldn't survive another connection to the armor, so he touched, very carefully, Tony's opened, broken hand. A shot of pain ran suddenly through his fingers, but the armor moved, and the face panel slid away.
"Why not? You had no time for romantic endeavors? Or were you in love with the armor? I don't see nothing bad in that, I, for example..."
"I'm presuming something went wrong," Steve looked at his friend curiously, prodding him to continue. "Did it turn out that he knew more after all?"
"I am working," Tony finally emerged from behind the corner. He was covered in wires from head to toe and had a grey metal glove on his left hand. "And convincing people that killing me is a bad idea is actually your job."
"Yeah," said Tony and then erupted in a string of French expletives. "Damn French with their stupid habit of pretending they don't understand English. Yeah, idiot, I'm talking about you."
"He's strong, stronger than anything you can imagine. And huge. A tank cannon barely left any bruises on him, and bullets were just bouncing off." Bruce clasped his hands together. "No, I can't control him. I can see everything, though. I understand everything, I just can't do anything about it. The moment I get angry... or stressed, or worried, he tries to get out twice as hard as he usually does. And there's nothing, nothing I can do."
"I'm more interested in how a ghem-colonel would get a ba." Steve came to his senses, more or less, and was taking part in the conversation, scenarios of what could've happened racing through his mind.
Of course, he was pretty tired when he finally got to the town. His backpack was pulling his shoulders, his hoodey clung to his back, but Steve didn't dare take it off. He was leaning on a tree when somebody called him:
Janet calmly went by them, like she walked here a thousand times, and sat on the edge of the roof, letting her legs down. Steve stood behind her, with his hands in his pockets.
"You made a friend out of a giant green monster, Steve, and you're surprised by slightly accelerated healing? Unbelievable. Can you eat with chopsticks? No? I knew that. Sit down; I'm going to teach you."
"I gathered it's their version of the name Maria. You know, 'haut Maria' doesn't sound even half as alien and mysterious as 'haut Mio'," Clint smirked. "Anyway, this lady is quite impressive herself, and with her husband... She probably regretted losing her right for that flying soap bubble, but she surely wasn't bored."
"That's artificial intelligence. Holy crap. Your world must look so much cooler than ours seventy years later. I'd give anything to see it."
"I'll explain," Tony put the bottle on the carpet next to his armchair and straightened his back. "I'm intrigued. This thing could've chosen anyone – Hitler, Dante, Da Vinci, some unimaginable being from another universe, a regular passerby, or a psychopath from a prison, but it chose you. Why?"
Steve quickly considered his choices. What could the Cetagandan discover, when he was cautious of digging too deep? Perhaps, the lack of his surname in the list of Academy's alumni. That wasn't a big problem.
Steve read about something like that in Erskine’s reports, long before project Iron Man, but for some reason, the phrase intrigued Bruce.
His last phone that died under Bruce's boot in Alabama was simple. It could send messages and make calls, and that was all Steve needed from it. With the phone Tony sent him, though, he could probably launch a rocket into space. Steve randomly pressed some buttons and it opened contacts with only one number: Tony didn’t forget to program his number in but was obviously too busy to send instructions.
"He had a funny German accent. You know what I think, Steve?" said Tony. "I think he did it. He hypnotized me. I feel weird."
"Not convincing enough. What if it's lenses?" Vorbarton squinted. "Alright, alright, I'm not going to ask you to take your eyes out for expertise. I'd just really like to know what he wants from you."
"We were curious about the autumn garden in a winter city. Then we learned the leaves are holographic, and that brought even more questions. Jarvis suggested that you have a powerful source of energy in your basement, and that's how you deal with excess it generates."
"You could offer him a glass of wine and a chair," hummed Tony, "that's how conversations start in a civilized world."
Steve heard something crash in the drawing room and jumped from his chair, before hearing Ben's muffled voice:
A thought in his head that felt like it didn’t really belong to him remarked that that was what posttraumatic shock probably felt like. All the despair he felt during the last months paired with a body that was positively exhausted resulted in a tantrum unbecoming of a soldier.
"Now, I would wonder if it's aphrodisiac, but even if so, what does it change?" Stark smirked. "Not to mention it wouldn't work."
"I should've got used to the fact that Mio is never wrong. She advised me to expect you, and here you are."
"Keeping quiet is not about me at all," reassured him Tony. "And if you're not lying – and why would you – you've a natural talent."
"The project was closed, because the head scientist was killed, and the serum was never finished," Steve continued, "but they didn't give up, and a new project, Iron Man, was started. I was offered to take part in it."
"I wouldn't dare," said Tony. "Thanks, we'll figure out the drinks ourselves. What will you have, Steve?"
"I could've died dozens of times at war," said Steve, undisturbed. "We're not going anywhere today. I'll drive the car behind these trees," he waved at the side of the road. "We'll sit down, rest, and you can tell me everything if you want to."
"No, to warm you up faster." Steve, now only in his underwear, started trying to force the ghem-lord into the jumpsuit. "Your pride will be your undoing. You could've called earlier... Yeah, I know I'm boring, don't waste your breath telling me that."
Steve wasn't quite sure if it was supposed to be an actual attack, but Hulk reacted immediately: he grabbed the armor and pushed it into the ground so hard it crumpled. There was a flash, white and blue fire burned Hulk's chest, the beast roared, raised the armor above his head and thrown it away.
"He built this device," Steve explained, "that transferred me here from the Second World War. I'm the Steve Rogers," he pointed at his chest, "but from another world. Now do you understand why I need to know, what happened to him?"
"I doubt that," Banner laughed. "I haven't heard a story that I would find weird for a long time. But I don't have time, I..."
"Oh, that is surprising. But you're right," Stark inclined his head, either admitting non-verbally Steve's assumptions, or apologizing for intruding into the network. "After our first meeting, I was very intrigued by you and wanted to learn some things. And either you're the biggest mystery of the Barrayaran Empire, or your archives are a complete mess."
"So, you must be a decent painter," Steve grinned, imagining the Consul with a brush in his hand, carefully drawing lines and swirls. The Cetagandan in his mind immediately stuck his tongue out and diligently crossed his eyes, so Steve quickly got rid of the vision.
Steve opened the door and let Tony pass first – the man headed straight to the kitchen, threw the bag on the table and turned on the coffee machine. Steve watched him, not quite knowing what to say. His gaze stopped again and again at Tony's arm, until Tony finally noticed. He took off his jacket without a word and pulled up the sleeve of his shirt.
He left a note at the flat, took all the money he earned, shoved the Beretta wrapped up in a hoodey deep into his backpack and left. The act was impulsive and thought through at the same time. Impulsive – because nobody would expect something like this from him, and thought through, because that was the way Steve did everything. He was taught that any endeavor should start with a plan, and so, he had a plan.
Steve was used to thinking of himself as a man of the present, but now he was lost, because his present was left far behind. He was scared. He was empty and lonely.
"Were you standing here the whole time?" asked Steve, confused. He moved back a bit, and Tony obediently let him go.
"Are you sure you're not a lost Vorbarr? Maybe you're not even a Barrayaran but a well-concealed Cetagandan? You're definitely tall enough to be one, and the way you look..."
Steve cursed himself for being so slow. After all, as he approached the house, he did notice a car, so bright that it made the rest of the world seem colorless in comparison. He could've put two and two together faster.
"That's finally Steve," Tony smirked. He also got down from the bed and stood in front of Steve. "Him, I’ll answer.”
"Yes." The dizziness was getting worse, and Steve felt nauseated, but he forced himself to look like nothing was amiss.
"I'm suspecting that has a deep meaning," he remarked in a cautious tone. "So, who's going to be telling truth first?"
"Of course, it's much worse than pretending to be dead to your own family, like your dad did? That's a lovely Cetagandan tradition, you can just feel how much ghem-lords care about their families!"
"I'm sorry, I thought of most of the questions too lately, so I tried to satiate my curiosity with available legal methods," he mentally smacked himself upside the head for starting to apologize and justify his actions.
Instead of calming him down, his blindness only made Steve angrier, even though he tried desperately to take himself under control.
Steve once again patted himself on the back for cultivating a habit of carrying his documents and money in his pockets: the backpack was lost in Bruce's pickup that got shredded with bullets. But the backpack only contained a notebook with his drawings, a non-fiction book he borrowed from Reed and some warm clothes.
"She feeds on energy," Howard answered their unasked question. "It's good that we found this solution. She has this friend who also feeds on energy, but she gets it directly from humans, when she touches them. I've no idea what to do with her. Mio's thinking about it, though. While the Star Crèche is closed to her, I made her a new one, interstellar."
"They're not. I think it's some machinations of the new Consul," answered Steve. "But it is beautiful, that I have to admit."
Steve paused, for a moment. Hearing somebody speak was apparently calming Bruce down, he was breathing easier and didn't have spasms as often. But what could you talk about to a person you didn't really know that was fighting a strange disease in the middle of a field?
He also had Gail, but Gail stayed in America, and Steve left for war. Remembering her caused a shot of pain, the loss of a chance at a future that Steve suffered the moment he signed up for the Iron Man project. He didn't regret it, and he tried not to look back, not to think how everything could've been different.
They parted ways. Tony disappeared behind a thick wall of rain towards the road, and Steve headed to a subway station. It was already getting dark when he finally reached home. There were two recordings on the answering machine: one from Janet, who wanted to know how things were going, and another from Ben, who called just before take-off. His voice was shaking – was it excitement, or just bad connection, Steve couldn't say.
"But it's boring as hell. Not to mention cramped as hell. Alright, a compromise: we stay here till the next communication from them, consider the news and then decide."
"I haven't told you about the armor yet," said Tony, looking up at Steve. "Do you know it can work unmanned? Could yours move without you? You just pull up the data from the cameras on the screens – and voila!"
"I don't like stupid ones," Steve frowned. "It's not about making mistakes. You either accept the responsibility, or you don't. That's it."
Something was definitely wrong. His skin was burning, like he spent too much time under the sun, but it wasn't the normal feeling of pain. That, Steve was used to, with the discomfort of the reactor and all the fights he was in. This, like somebody was dragging sandpaper along his skin, was almost frightening. But he could probably learn to ignore that as well.
"Me?" Stark opened wide his beautiful eyes, particularly bright on a face devoid of face paint. "Even if it would somehow occur to me to do such a thing, I couldn't make Jarvis do that. I'm not its mistress."
For some reason, he almost felt dizzy, even though the air in the room was fresh, and it only smelt of furniture polish and something heavy, like books in leather bindings. It also smelt of Tony's cologne – the smell was subtle, but undoubtedly there.
"That's not wrong," Stark nodded. "But I am not guilty, and if you're not already sure of that, that's certainly what your gut tells you, isn't it? I just don't want to spend more time than I have to in this aesthetically displeasing room. May I ask what's being done to Jarvis? I'm not sure it can withstand being paralyzed all that well."
Thinking about the senior Stark, Steve automatically started looking for something familiar in his surroundings. A sign, a brand, just something...
"Let's not do that," managed to utter Steve, who was busy mastering the art of coordinating movements of his hips and hands. Stark was clearly in favor of that, even his gaze went smoky. "Keep in mind that I'm not gonna last long."
There were ants that got out of their broken aquarium running around all over the floor. Steve looked, distracted, at black dots sneaking over pieces of furniture and raised his gaze.
Ben already started. he's more annoying than normally. I stole nurse's laptop to say we're okay so don't answer this
"Don't change the topic!" interrupted Tony. "If she doesn't want to become an haut-lady again, why did she send me to Barrayar? It's not particularly comfortable, there, in case you didn't know. And there's heaps of Jacksonian mercenaries. They tried to kidnap Jarvis."
She laughed, and Steve smiled at her. Janet loved to talk about Hank, and even despite her careless tone anyone could see she really cared for him.
Back in the room, Tony was also cursing himself. What kind of diplomat was he! After five minutes of a lovely conversation about culture differences, he almost provoked the guy into attacking him!
Even the anger he felt before seemed distant now. Steve knew he should've been mad at being tricked, but he could feel only exhaustion and the ringing silence in his head. He desperately wanted to sleep, but he kept his eyes open, forcing himself to stay awake by sheer stubbornness.
"Hmm, I'm guessing, unlike the leaves, this is real," whispered Tony, which made another girl, red-haired, with black tattoos and cat-like green eyes roll them at Tony's remark.
Steve's hands were stained with charcoal – he could think of nothing better to use when his pencil broke. The sheets of paper around Steve had Tony's armor drawn on all of them – after seeing it once, Steve just couldn't get it out of his head.
"What list? I can't even make one for grocery shopping. Pepper has one. It does include the saving kittens thing."
"Did you try to cut yourself already?" asked Tony. "All your motor functions seem to be in order. I think, the adjustment is finished."
"It's fine, just, my skin..." Steve smiled a crooked smile and shrugged. "It hurts," he finished, awkwardly. Tony frowned.
"I thought," said Tony, slowly and quietly, "that he killed you. And your phone wasn't working again."
He wasn't trying to break free anymore. The water was still coming in, to Steve's chest, to Steve's neck, till it felt like he couldn't breathe. He couldn't understand where he ended and another person began, and for some reason, couldn't find strength neither to break of his gaze, nor to stop touching.
Faustus raised his cane again, showing Steve its carved head, there was some scheme there, something mechanic, Steve was hard pressed to understand, what exactly, but Tony would probably know. That thought, about Tony, brought with it a gnawing feeling of loss, and it occurred to Steve that he'd already made his choice, the moment he heard the question.
"I did," Tony answered. "They tested the blood. It's from a whole lot of lab rats. Somebody's in for some trouble, but at least our Hank didn't get smeared across the wall."
"Yes. Firstly, your friends, they are one floor below us now. Doctor Pym still isn't himself after our sessions, so, I think you understand what I'm trying to say." He looked at Steve through the monocle. "I think, you understand. You and I, Captain Rogers, we're a different kind of people."
They looked at each other, and then jumped from their chairs. The ringing stopped when they were at the door: Janet, ruffled and looking scared, was pressing the phone to her ear.
"And chased him out of his own room," sadly noted Stark, letting out a hoarse sigh. His throat was starting to hurt.
Serving in the army changed Steve completely. If before he would've thought that he'd never walk five miles, now he just knew he had to pace himself, conserve his water and have some cover from the sun. He was trained the same way other soldiers were, even harder – how likely it was that the enemy could capture the armor depended on his ability to survive. His ability and his determination, really: Steve was taught how to shoot the reactor on the first few days of training.
Steve made a few unsure steps and froze next to the door. He knew he was using another man's identity and abusing their trust, but he really needed to find Tony, and he could always explain later.
He heard the bed creak and opened his eyes – Tony was slowly pulling the curtains close. For a moment, Steve saw his silhouette freeze on the dark red background, as if the man was hesitating, but Steve's eyes were already closing again. He was falling asleep. Still, he remembered feeling the matrass buckle under the weight of another's body.
Perhaps, the easiest realization was that Steve didn't lose anything beyond his purpose in life. In his world he had no friends left, no girlfriend, which somewhat surprised and reassured Ben, and no family. Nobody grieved his loss, other than the government that didn't have access to its expensive project anymore.
The cars were close now, and they were not black as Steve thought originally, but dark green instead. The most of them were armored carriers, with machine guns on their roofs. Steve winced. This was a small army, not just a team dispatched to apprehend a criminal.
"Great," a smile on the Cetagandan's face was worthy of the Cheshire cat. "It's a boring agricultural planet inhabited exclusively by men."
The haut-lady smirked – she could relate, having her own personal knowledge of strange couples. Then, she put her hands on the keyboard and started composing.
Steve turned around and looked at the canvas, with his full concentration this time, and felt a wave of irrational embarrassment at somebody else getting to see this.
Steve actually knew what could've interested the ghem-lord in his biography. But where could Stark find the initial information?
"The rest of the truth-serum drugs are likely useless due to the same reasons, I get it," Rogers nodded. "Lead the way. Let's see why the Consul of cultural affairs allows his servants to be so... uncultured."
"Thank you for the consultation, Jarvis," Steve went so far as to bow slightly. "It's nice to talk to someone who knows what they're talking about."
"You froze in the middle of conversation. Just bam, and turned off," Hawkeye hit his palm with his hand. "I figured you were talking to someone else."
"Why? Did it resist?" asked Clint, surprised, since he knew perfectly well, that those hit with paralyzer lost if not the will, then at least the opportunity to resist for a few hours.
"It recognized a controller in you," Tony muttered. "That's impossible, at least, for the forties. Do you have implants?"
"I convinced him to stay at home," Janet sighed. "I promised to shut him in the bathroom, if he goes anywhere, but he wasn't angry, I wouldn't be able to handle him angry, just sort of apathetic. Well, and I thought, what if there is a conference? But none of his colleagues are answering their phones. Neither did Tony, so I thought I'd call you."
Happy left, leaving Steve in the kitchen with only a hissing coffee machine for company. He looked at it, his thoughts a mile away, not quite sure why he turned it on in the first place. He didn't finish the coffee.
"Johnny," the stranger shrugged. "He's very mad at you all, so you should be glad he only told me, and not the Daily Bugle. Hi, Ben. And this, I assume..." The man pointed at Steve with his cane. "Judging by the haircut, he's the thing." Steve's hand reflexively went to his light bangs, and the stranger smirked. "I'm Tony Stark, Reed's old friend. You're Steve, I'm guessing? You look surprisingly happy for the supposedly first person to travel through time."
"Well, drink it, then," said Steve and poured some for himself. Stark's teeth stopped chattering, and his eyes got a certain glint in it, which was a positive change in Steve's book. "I hope nothing else bad happens today."
"I haven't seen you in a week, and the first words out of your mouth are about how irresponsible, egotistical and... sorry, I don't remember what was next, genius or idiot?"
Perhaps, Steve kept thinking, as he packed his things, he could've reached some peace if he just learned the outcome of the war in this world. That wish was, at least, devoid of egoism.
Steve already noticed that Tony tended to fluctuate from full disregard to paranoid anxiety in his view of death. Steve remembered him mentioning having his limbs torn off. He didn't pay much attention to it then, figuring Tony was joking again. But his healing factor made him virtually immortal and, Steve figured, the bio armor made everyone else seem fragile. He probably wouldn't have hesitated if the reactor was in his chest, and yet he was prepared to step back the moment Steve agreed to the operation.
He was in a tank top, and Steve noticed a burn on his shoulder, the form of which resembled a handprint. Judging by what he saw so far, Tony and safety didn't really get along.
There were a lot of children inside, some of them clearly very strange. For example, Steve could swear that the boy sitting on a windowsill with his attentive gaze trained on something outside was green a moment ago, but upon seeing strangers in the house, turned it the light brown color typical for citizens of Escobar. A girl a few years older was talking about something with a boy with slanted eyes, absent-mindedly twirling a strangely shaped battle staff in her hands. It looked dangerous.
It was over. Hank's particles worked, and that meant everything was going to be alright. Somehow, that made Steve as disappointed as it made him relieved, and he closed his eyes. It was low and wrong to find a reason for existence in somebody else's pain, and that seemed to be exactly what he did. Steve thought in disgust that he, apparently, still wanted to feel like a hero.
"Most of the time," Steve continued stubbornly, "you spent on your research and trying to blow up the mansion."
Steve wanted to protest - it was quite evident now that Hank and Janet were together, and less than anything he wanted to be a cause of some unpleasantness. Janet, though, just clapped him on the shoulder.
"Let it go," suddenly ordered Tony. He was still standing with his hand raised stupidly in the air, as if he wanted to touch but couldn't for some reason. "Let it go, or it'll kill you."
Banner nodded and staggered back, as Steve started taking off his hoodey. He was hit by an absurdity of the situation: once more, he was trying to prove something by showing off his reactor. This whole situation was a really unfunny joke.
"No need," answered Hank. "The particles aren't exactly for changing size, they're for controlling insects. Didn't Tony tell you? Anyway." Hank lowered his gaze. He often avoided direct eye-contact. "Me and Janet will figure ourselves out."
"You're hurting," he said, "and that's because of me. And you'll be hurting if I pour liquid metal on my foot, and something tells me, Steve, that things that are normal for me could be deadly for you."
"That'd be great," the Consul nodded. "Because I think Jarvis was discovered by the replicators already paralyzed. It's the only theory, explaining why it didn't let me know about it, neither before the event, nor during."
"I'd like to meet Hank Pym," said Steve, and Tony snorted. He and Ben started talking almost simultaneously:
"Probably just stereotypes." She didn't even look at the menu – just ordered a salad and a glass of juice from a waiter passing them by. "I thought all soldiers go to work in police or private security."
"Do you not require coffee anymore?" the creature stopped at the door. "Your dear mother send a message while you were asleep. As I could understand, that was the thought she was trying to communicate."
"What did you do to me?" Steve muttered under his breath. He tried to sit, but his legs only twitched convulsively. His whole body wasn't obeying him the way it should've been, like someone pulled all his nerve endings and mixed them up. Someone who was sitting next to him and was still holding Steve's hand. "My legs aren't listening to me."
"Changed your mind?" suggested Tony. "Don't want to risk it? It's better to reconsider at this point than later."
It was just like Tony – to buy the whole train just to feel slightly more comfortable. Steve hummed.
Tony straightened and shook his head. He was going to step down from the table, but Steve stopped him, holding him with one hand.
It was early, and the unexpectedly empty mansion seemed gigantic and eerie to Steve. Tony didn't come back; everything in the room was left the same way it was yesterday, when Steve woke up here. Nobody even adjusted the blanked; Jarvis apparently didn't clean here every day. There was also nobody in the kitchen. Steve froze next to the workshop's doors, hesitating, but the moment he stepped forward, the doors opened invitingly, as if they were waiting for him to come.
"Something like that. But there's... well, it's somewhat hard to explain. Long time ago, one of your mother's colleagues had her subject escape. The guy is a telepath, he only wanted to get his sister back, and also to be left alone."
This was probably the mysterious Pepper Tony kept mentioning. For some reason, Steve expected her to look more intimidating.
"I'm happy for you and Hulk," said Tony. He gave the armor a pointed gaze and it started assembling into a moderately sized suitcase. "Steve, I'm afraid you'll have to carry him, or he'll run away." He paused for a moment. "I used to make chips for animals at some point, but it quickly got boring. I still have a few, though."
"You need help. No, don't argue," Steve crossed his hands over his chest and frowned. "You're not even giving anyone a chance to do that."
He came out of the room, covered in an orange blanket and almost stepping on its edges that came down to the floor.
Steve always thought he was good at waiting. When he was in the trenches, sometimes he had to spend days under rain in dirty sleeping bags. He had to watch soldiers die, to strike in the exact right moment and change the course of battle. You had to wait for it, clenching your fists and biting your lip till it hurt, stopping yourself and stopping the armor that would listen even to a subconscious command. Steve learned proper control and patience very quickly.
"It's not a koan, it's a haiku," the ba corrected, calmly. "I suppose my mistress is telling you not to waste your time on information that seems true but is not."
"I take any work," Bruce answered. He unzipped the sleeping bag, handed it to Steve and sat down near him, leaning on the wheel of the car. "Just to keep myself busy. I've delivered a baby of this guy's wife, and he gave me the pickup." He shuddered, "that was gross. I'd rather not do it again. But I've got some money, took it from my bank account before it got frozen."
"Are you threatening me?" clarified Faustus, unperturbed. He shook his head, as if threats were somehow breaking the etiquette. "Uncalled for. You're the one responsible for your problems, Mister Stark."
"Come on, quests are beautiful, they stop your mind from getting old," Howard smirked. Seeing as the man was slightly older than a hundred and fifty, Steve was inclined to trust him on that.
'You could do that anywhere before,' he explained, blowing out the sweet-smelling smoke. 'I liked it when you could do that anywhere. Just keep them away from paper.'
"The same way you do on Barrayar, I think," the ba shrugged. "Usually somebody apologizes, and, in a case of serious hurt, also brings gifts. If the apologies and gifts are accepted, the conflict is considered finished. If not... it may lead to ritual suicide, but that does not happen often."
Captain Rogers did know about this 'flying soap bubble', haut-ladies that appeared sometimes in the news reels moved around with these special anti-gravity platforms with the force bubbles around them. The bubbles themselves were transparent only from the inside, so those unworthy could not look at the ladies flying somewhere on their business, but the ladies themselves could see everything and draw conclusions. Having to step down the social ladder to become a wife of a ghem-lord, haut Mio did lose the right to use this symbol of the highest race. Steve wondered if she indeed regretted it.
She was very pretty: small, fragile, but also alive and lively. The wind was shuffling her hair, but it didn't mess it up, it was falling like a beautiful dark wave over her white lab coat. Janet van Dyne was happy, and she was safe, because the war was over long ago, and Steve felt a strange pride, as if he was the one who dragged her - or her mother - ages ago from under enemy fire.
"Do you have a different explanation?" asked Vorbarton. "I'm more curious about another thing: what's he doing here and are there Jackson's Whole agents around? That would be very unfortunate. Cetagandans, at least, have a certain code of conduct, as for the Jacksonians..."
"No, wait." Steve raised his head. Tony was looking at him and biting his lower lip. "I was fourteen or fifteen, don't remember, I was bored, and I thought... Seriously. Nothing special."
"Did you come for that serum?" Banner suddenly burst into hoarse, barking laughter, looking at him like a cornered animal. "Do you want to enhance your strength? I'm afraid that's impossible. Go home and get a gym membership."
"I'm an intern," some guy said impatiently, his agitated voice could be heard from afar. "I work here. Study. Peter Parker, I'll be in your records, come on."
Clint tried to warn Steve with a gaze, but wasn't successful: Rogers already nodded and proceeded to follow the Cetagandan somewhere behind the curtain that looked quite real, but was probably, like most things at the banquet, a hologram.
"No. Yes. I don't know," Hank sighed. "I don't know what came over me, I just saw the ants, and remembered the doc telling me to do something unexpected, and I just thought..."
"Look for it," Steve grabbed Stark's suitcase, still unpacked, from the wardrobe, put it on his elbow, took shivering Stark in his hands and carried him across the ship, accompanied by the chatter of his teeth, to the cabin that he claimed as his own while they were wandering through space. Those smart heads were always a problem – they didn't ever sit well on their owner’s shoulders, making their experiments go wrong, getting them attacked by showers... The ba followed Steve like a hungry komodo dragon stalking its prey. "We can rub alcohol into his skin. And add a spoon of it into his tea. That'll save him from getting pneumonia," explained Steve to the curious ba.
"Why would anyone consider this document to be complete when it doesn't even state his age!" he cried out expressively after a few minutes.
"You should sleep," said Tony, not even making the effort to stand up. He brought the glass up to his lips again, his eyes not leaving something in the darkness. "And sleep well. Great things are waiting for us."
He wasn't overwhelmed, despite not expecting anything like it. It was more like a slow descent, like standing in a well being slowly filled with hot water.
Steve was going to look around, but got distracted by the sound of footsteps: Tony appeared in a wide doorway, leaning on the wall. He was barefoot for some reason and looked very tired. He was holding a silver thermos with the fingertips of his left hand and was shadowing his eyes from the dim light of a corridor lamp with his right, as if it was blinding him.
Although the ghem-lord didn't seem to have noticed a pause in the conversation. Perhaps, because he himself was staring at Steve like... Here, Captain Rogers' experience landed him so many options for comparison that he had to go with a generalized: 'like someone predatory and hungry looking at something delicious'.
During the short time they knew each other, Steve got used to Tony pairing everything with a joke, with self-irony surprising for such a man. Now that he was talking seriously, even his stance looked different. The lack of proper lightning made it look like his face was hidden in the shadows, and Tony finally looked like the person media described him as. The genius, the gun dealer that suddenly abandoned his business without, however, losing any of his influence.
"I will," Tony suddenly agreed easier than Steve expected. "If the phrase healing factor means anything to you."
Sometimes Steve still woke up with a distinct feeling that he was back at home, and the war was still going, and everything he's been through in the last couple of months was just a bizarre dream. He was connected to reality only by the thinnest of threads, and Steve had to scratch his palm with his nails so the pain would bring him back to it again.
"Seems like it. Stark, his ba and I had a conversation, and we think the person trying to ruin our lives is..." Steve fell silent, trying to figure out how to say 'an old sick man obsessed with the desire to live forever' and not to betray his secrets, "well, the most likely suspects are Jacksonians working for the old Baron Fell."
"I can introduce you, if you want," Tony suggested, "although I'll get jealous if it likes you more than me."
When they were leaving, Steve noticed one of the black cars driving from the gates and following them. Well, that was annoying. Steve didn't like being followed, and his instincts told him only an enemy would do that. Steve was used to trusting his gut, that saved his life and other soldiers multiple times.
Steve squirmed back again, but Tony caught his chin, holding him in place, and put a plastic mask over Steve's face. The last thing Steve felt was a cold slippery touch of gloves on his skin and pain – but for some reason only in his wrists.
He probably should've asked Tony to leave. He had to, really, because this was all a bit improper...
Apparently, Tony also was, Steve continued the thought, one of those people that had to hear a direct question a couple of times to finally answer it.
After they first met, Steve immediately decided he wanted to learn at least something about this new person, and internet dumped a ton of information on him: pictures, accusatory articles, variations of his biography that completely contradicted each other. Tony Stark was a darling of fate, a genius inventor, one of the richest people in the world. Reading this, Steve couldn't shake the feeling that he was falling down a tunnel at an impossible speed. At some point Steve even doubted if he was reading about the right Tony Stark.
After a few minutes of metaphorically crawling up walls and cursing himself with all words imaginable, the Captain went to work on building bridges. He started with Jarvis.
"How terrible," Tony shuddered and sent Jarvis in search of food and something harmless to entertain themselves with.
"I can see that," the shameless Cetagandan nodded and reached to touch, so he could also feel as well as see. "You know, you won't so inarticulate before."
"Well, if you really mind..." Steve started kissing Stark's neck, and his collarbones, and lower. It wasn't the same as being with the girl, a lot more muscles, but it was so soft and enticing all the same. "But if you don't, I'd... you know. Barrayaran prejudice."
Steve pulled the shirt around himself, trying to fight the embarrassment he was feeling. It was pathetic and undignified, but, in Steve's opinion, it wasn’t really proper to boast about an ugly thing in your chest.
"The ba," agreed Steve, grimly. Jarvis' intervention didn't cool him down. If anything, it helped calm down a bit, and he figured out that Tony probably wouldn't mind being caressed on the outside as well as inside. "Do you like this?"
"Guiding a tour," answered Tony, unperturbed. "Trying to charm your girlfriend. Nothing criminal. You should take Janet out more often, you know."
While saying this, he was already taking off his jumpsuit. While staying with a ghem-lord on a tiny ship could be fine, staying with a ghem-lord who had a cold... Well, Steve could think of many better perspectives.
"Some tragic story involving poisoning," Vorbarton rolled his eyes. "Either he drank something, or inhaled something, or another one of our people rejected by him didn't quite understand that she was not only not considered beautiful for them, but rather the opposite, and poked him with a poisoned pin. Either way, he's quite alive, but deeply unhappy and cannot continue fulfilling his duties. That, of course, is strange in itself, it's not that easy to poison a ghem-lord, they’re more likely to poison someone themselves. Whom, do you think, the Cets will send to take his place?"
That was an unfortunate blunder on his part, but it didn't even occur to Steve to check. The workshop always seemed closed, and he took it for the hint he thought it was.
"I'm gonna..." Steve pressed his teeth together, waiting through an attack of highest pleasure. He just couldn't get used to this, it was so hot and sweet, Stark was breathing into his lips, twisting under him, pushing forward, Steve was tempted to start reciting the regulations to stop himself from coming.
"You're not so useless after all, Mister Hulk," said Tony. "Steve, hey, Steve. Can you hear me? How many fingers am I holding up?"
"Cool," he remarked. "Do you know it's really creepy when you stare with those hollow eyes? Ever thought of drawing pupils on them, or something? Did you learn anything interesting?"
"I don't have access to the workshop," he said. Tony turned away from the ties he was contemplating and looked at Steve.
"So, you're saying, that their home life was wrong because they liked each other?" Steve asked, surprised.
"There's a couple more things, Steve," he said. "I've made automated power sources before, but I've never seen one implanted in a human body. It's risky."
"The adrenalin spike made me turn into the Hulk, and he spitted out the bullet." Bruce rubbed his face with a side of his hand, touched his nose bridge, but, finding no glasses there, put his hand down. "It hurt to swallow for a couple of days, and that was it."
There was still a chance to turn it into a joke, but a small one, if Stark kept stroking him like this.
"I am, but not of medicine," Banner's face suddenly changed, "did you come to ask if I have a license to treat people?"
The first thing Tony did after catching his breath was twist and crawl from under Steve. The Captain tried to stop him, but Tony was implacable.
"Or there's such a powerful source of energy in this house that the garden is feeding off its excess," commented the ba, its voice having an almost dream-like quality to it.
"I saw a beautiful dream," Tony muttered in thought. "There were girls in bikini and a huge table with cheeseburgers." The armor disassembled again, and Tony swayed on his feet. "You were there, too."
Tony's face was inscrutable. Either Steve was too ill to decipher his emotions, or Tony was deliberately keeping it hidden.
Steve, completely in favor of that proposition, doubled his efforts, making Stark bit his lip and arch his back as if he was going to do a bridge, despite an additional weight of a hundred kilograms. His moans were so sweet, that Steve didn't have a chance of lasting any longer.
"The only way to start a conversation," he hissed, "with a man, who spent his days hiding in the basement."
Steve nodded and took out his phone under Banner's piercing gaze. The man tore away the cover, took out a small chip, threw it on the floor and crushed it with his heel.
"Was it worth it?" asked Tony, looking at him from under his half-closed eyelids. "Did you learn what you wanted?"
He looked distracted. The fingers of his bandaged hand were twitching softly, as if trying to press invisible keys.
Tony was waiting, quiet, while Steve was drowning in another's feelings. He felt as if he became the armor – as if, were Tony to raise his arm, he would have to follow. It wasn't from the pain, that was just what he focused on, but there was something else, half-strangled and strange, that was becoming clearer by the second.
"I think so... Although, one time Singling sent a catalog, and I remember being surprised they don't just show off the new weapon models, but let you smell them, too."
He opened the case on his way back and stared in confusion at a new phone – it looked flat and slick, as if it was made from one whole piece of plastic, and not small parts connected to each other. Knowing Tony, Steve was sure it was as expensive as it was advanced. He rolled it in his hands, closed the case carefully and pushed it aside.
Tony threw away the last piece of wrapping paper and stood up, stretching his back with a cracking noise. His t-shirt was still bloodied, as was his forehead, and he looked exhausted and drained, but Steve suspected he didn't look much better himself.
Steve took a deep breath, pushed aside the strange hot feeling accompanying the discomfort in his skin and closed his eyes. Disconnecting from the armor felt like being hit on his nerves, like the armor was resisting, not willing to lose their connection, too. Then, Steve was hit by the silence.
He stopped, looking at Steve with a mix of confusion and fury, and stepped away. Steve's eyes were glued to the armor. It was crumpled in places, the left arm looked like it was ruined beyond recognition, and what's most important, the man inside of it had shown no signs of life.
"Bring some water," Steve hissed at the suit. The man looked around helplessly and disappeared in the corridor.
The ants were still crawling all over her feet, but Janet barely paid any attention to it. She brushed the insects off and tugged Steve towards the door.
He spotted Solomon's huge figure from the distance – the man was doing something with the keys. His black dog was lying on the ground next to him and didn't even raise its head when Steve approached.
It was the third time they met, and still Steve didn't know how to react to Tony's words. He joked with a completely serious face and hid the important things under yet more jokes. Tony, while he'd shown himself as completely open person with no secrets, seemed encased in a kind of armor that made it impossible to see anything real in him. Steve caught himself thinking, though, that there was nothing impossible in this world.
"I'm reading," he said, pointing at the laptop. "It's remarkable how much stuff can happen in half a century."
"I," Steve hesitated, but decided to keep talking, his voice soft and convincing. "I want to help. Not because I need anything from you, I don't, not anymore. I just want to help."
Steve watched the armor's sensors carefully and hadn't noticed any changes. Barton's pulse didn't speed up, his breathing didn't change. He knew those like him were trained to lie, and they were trained to do it very well, but he didn't have any other choice. If trusting SHIELD was the only way he could help Tony, then Steve was ready to take that risk. He nodded, then remembered that the armor concealed such subtle movements and said out loud:
The storm started shortly after midnight. Thunder, rattling windows, car alarms formed an unpleasant cacophony of sounds that reminded Steve of a battlefield. He looked at the street through a blurry window, then closed the curtain and turned back to his laptop. He looked at the ten or so tabs he had opened in his browser with scientific articles, news, historic chronicles, old pictures: all the things that he needed to know about this new world - a whole chasm of information. Steve closed the tabs and ran his tired hand through his hair. It was all highly unusual.
"Yes, that complicates things," Tony finished his tea and started tapping the side of his cup with his well-manicured nails. "It would be much easier if you were a Jacksonian or even a Barrayaran project. It would be even better if your enhancements were explained by some technology stolen from the Star Crèche, that's an haut genetic bank, if you don't know. My mother would be guaranteed a place by Emperor's right hand. Now... I don't know, what to do."
"No 'Steven'. It's a long story, but I had to part with the first name as well. It came from my father's line, and I had to... forget about it for a while," Steve frowned and looked away in a calculated move dedicated to show Stark a clear picture of embarrassment, anger and even shame.
It wasn’t easy, learning anything about a rather high-ranking Cetagandan without attracting unneeded attention of other Cetagandans. Steve spent more time in his office than he would normally, even though usually he welcomed a chance to escape to the gym or the stadium the moment boring and annoying working hours ended. Cunningly formulating requests and looking for reference to the Colonel in the reports rather than direct mentions of him, Steve managed to learn that the new Consul was even more peculiar than he seemed during the first meeting. For once, he had nothing to do with culture, at least not in the way that would be expected for his position. That was strange in itself, given that refinement and sophistication was almost mandatory for any member of the Cetagandan Empire. Anthony Stark, as his father before him, wasn't involved in genetic construction, didn't paint, didn't sculpt, didn't write music and didn't enjoy dancing. He also wasn't known for literary art. This mostly meant, of course, that he was quite average at anything valued highly by Cetagandan standards which would still be quite excessive, let’s say, for a Barrayaran. All his life, which was, indeed, quite short by human standards, he made only one thing: weapons.
Steve also wasn't sure he should've worried about Tony. The man loved to disappear and behave so unexpectedly, as if surprising the world with his mere existence was his mission. He could've gone away on business, or to entertain himself, or accidentally fly to the North Pole without telling anyone.
Tony wasn't tense, his tone of voice was even, as he spoke, but Steve still felt something fake about his behavior. As if Tony was really trying to behave like everything was fine when it really wasn't.
Steve couldn't move. He tried to convince himself there was nothing scary about meeting strangers, - after all, he'd been living here for two weeks already, and sooner or later he'd have to go outside, but the strange feeling - like stage fright - didn't go away.
Tony didn't immediately try to touch it. First, he carefully typed something on the tablet; Steve thought there was some system to his actions, as if he was getting into a familiar workflow. But when Tony finally touched the reactor, Steve still flinched, loudly breathing in, and the man stepped away at once.
"Quite so," Rogers nodded. "They'll try to catch the mercenaries trying to catch me, the rest is just a question of adding some drugs. They'll tell everything they know. What are our plans?"
"You look like you learned Zen and heard the God speak, but froze before the paradise gates, getting scared of Allah," Solomon told him one day.
"I know it won't sound like what you want to hear from me," Steve addressed Natasha, while Clint was pinching the Cetagandan down with his glare, "but I think, neither the haut-lady, nor her son, nor their ba would hurt children... especially like that."
"What we're investigating is none of your business," Hawkeye answered, calmly. According to the armor, his name was Clint Barton, he was unmarried, got arrested a couple of times, but the chargers were dropped. "It was more fun when we were fighting," added the man.
"Comes with the territory. I didn't touch that thing since then. I'd rather handle a rattlesnake, seems safer. Why would a good guy need a gun, if he's not a cop? I think, if you just sit quiet, you aren't gonna need it."
"I could handle this type of alright with one of my hands tied behind my back," she said. "You should see a doctor. Damn you tourists," she grunted, "the young folk these days are all weak. Come on, boy, I'll take you to our doc."
Banner looked at the reactor in silence for a couple of minutes, not asking any questions, and then as silently opened the door of the car.
"I look for everything concerning one Barrayaran captain. But I don't want anyone to understand that by following the requests I made," answered Stark. The ba was indeed trusted, so there was no need to reproach him for unnecessary curiosity, or to conceal his motives.
Tony was looking into nowhere. He had this calm, steady pulse again. Steve couldn't help himself and squeezed his shoulder again, trying to get his attention. Nothing happened.
Already in his room, mindlessly typing on the keyboard of his laptop, Steve tried to make sense of what happened, but without any success, stumbling upon some sort of mental block from his own shock. All of it – the emotions, the heady mix of feelings and sensations – was just too much. There was some tune playing from the laptop's speakers, the soft melody of it drowning out the steady flow of his thoughts and soothing him. Steve didn't even register falling asleep.
Ben often complained about the TV, but Reed always forgot about his promise to repair it. Steve didn't care; he only really liked laptops from all the tech that he got to experience here.
Steve almost crushed into Tony standing in the darkness of the corridor – if not for the man's reaction, he would've at least stumbled.
"I'm sorry," said Steve, softly. "I was angry and said things I shouldn't have said. As did he. How do you reconcile, on Cetaganda?"
"They made a suit of armor, and I became its pilot. One of a kind," Steve gave an awkward chuckle. "It was connected to me, and I – to it. Forever. With this."
"So, that’s that!" Tony interjected before he could say anything. "Find a room, I'm waiting downstairs. You'll find your way."
"A warning shot in the knees, all that," the voice hummed. "Seriously, man, surrender. I know you've balls of steel, Iron Man, but the perimeter is surrounded by S.H.I.E.L.D. and even you..."
The road was uneven and empty, almost deserted: in a few hours of driving they haven't met a single car. Bruce didn't have a map.
Tony raised his eyebrows, not saying anything else. For some reason, Steve felt like an old boring man, the kind Solomon was accusing him of being.
"Something's wrong there, you mean. Something is rotten in the state of Cetaganda," Steve paraphrased a quote from a classic author. "Do you think he reacted like that to a mention of Jackson's Whole because their people are involved in the death of his father?"
Steve sat down on the grass across from Bruce, opened the backpack and reached with his hand to the bottom. The gun was still there – it still felt as heavy and cold in his fingers, small and just tangible enough to almost allow you to forget its presence.
Steve moved away, made a few steps and hit his hip on a table, making Tony hiss from the pain of it. They both froze again, looking at each other in fear, but this time Steve couldn't bear it – the adrenalin was still high, his pulse was beating twice as fast as normal, the excitement from getting to use the armor still didn't leave him. He covered his face with his hands and laughed.
Either way, first he had to do something to wake up, finally – exercising seemed like the best solution. Steve took the cup from the table where Tony left it and opened the door.
The sun was setting down in the west, coloring the institute's windows in red. There were no cars on the parking lot, except for Tony's, and that emptiness seemed to have robbed the place of all sounds. Children's laughter and dogs barking somewhere afar seemed distant, as if separated by a glass.
"Yes, I know! She's above such earthly concerns. And I am, apparently, just grounded enough to be sent to oecumene's backyard and rack my brains over this kind of orders. The poetry's enough to break anyone's brain in itself, and then there's the initial wording of the task! You know, there's this book from the Old Earth, sort of a cultural phenomenon, at least for the Barrayarans of Russian decent. The main character had to suffer through the same things I do."
Steve closed his eyes and counted to ten. He had dealt with people having meltdowns before, but soldiers or Janet crying were one thing, and the scientist claiming he could turn into a monster was quite another.
"If it's Tony's business, it's my business." She sighed, again. "Look, he's a difficult person to get along with, he can be rough and rude, unbearable sometimes."
"Trial run." Hank disappeared again, but this time Steve noticed him, small as an ant, flying from one point to another. He grew to his normal size again next to the aquarium and shook his head.
Steve was planning on doing something, like reading an article, or a book, but he just couldn't make himself move. He couldn't even fall asleep, although it was nearing 2 am. He felt as if for the first time in two weeks he finally accepted that he was never going to come home.
Steve looked at Barton, but the man had a finger pressed to his ear and was listening to something intently. The glasses covered most of his face, but the way his lips were twisted made Steve think he wasn't pleased.
Then the man's hand grasped his hip, Steve broke off the kiss, hitting the back of his head on the door.
More than anything, of course, the book was quite telling about the author. Steve imagined him as a sarcastic, but not evil, man with extremely frivolous nature who enjoyed, quite unselfishly, enlightening 'the barbarians'.
Steve had been to a modern cinema before, although he never got to see 3D – Ben didn't have time, and Steve wasn't passionate enough about cinematography to go by himself. Either way, he didn't think he was missing much.
"I'm guessing you were looking for a Steve Rogers. But that wasn't always my name. I applied to the Academy four times, and I've only managed to get enrolled when I used my mother's maiden name."
Bruce hummed, and Steve belatedly realized the suggestion was just an excuse for Bruce to get rid of his unwanted companion. After all, how could it not occur to a man living like him to set up a fire?
Calling the room minimalistic would be giving it a compliment: it was almost empty. There was a sturdy table in the center of the room, a small electric stove and a refrigerator next to the window. It was pretty clean, though, even the window glass was completely transparent. The way to another room was blocked by a colorful screen.
Steve looked around and noticed that they were still in the workshop, and the armor was still near. He had to just slightly reach for it, and it would answer at once.
"If we get caught," he said, his voice almost inaudible, "the lack of driving license will be the least of your problems."
The conversation was clearly going in the wrong direction, at least, not the direction Steve wanted it to go in. He gave an awkward cough and handed the gun to Bruce, handle forward.
"Earthquake," Bruce repeated. "You could say that. It was a failed attempt at recreating the serum. Of course, the government didn't want to publicize their failures."
Steve raised his hand, first at shoulder level, then higher, pressed the metal fingers into a fist and then quickly opened them. All the movements were astoundingly easy. His old armor was clumsy; the bulky suit didn't let him move with grace and dexterity. Steve, who was used to beating his street fight opponents by being faster and more agile, had to completely reconsider the way he fought, trading speed for direct attacks. With the armor like Tony's, though, he could move and dodge, not taking hits from rockets anymore.
The pigeons soared into the air from a roof of a building nearby, startled by a gust of air. The armor alerted Steve to danger and he moved to the left, avoiding a hit – an arrow flew by him, hitting a building beside Steve and blew up, throwing Steve a few feet forward. The moment it did, Steve raised his hands, firing repulsors, and flew higher.
"I was told not to let To- ghem-lord Stark out of my sight. To help him to the best of my abilities. To send her weekly reports, and to contact her immediately in any extenuating circumstances. That's it."
The information, discovered by Jarvis, perplexed Stark: no Rogers, with a 'Vor' in the front or without, ever attended the academy.
Steve straightened up, looked through the window – the hill was looming like a black mountain now, and the white teeth of the skyscrapers illuminated the night sky. It made it seem like Stark's mansion was infinitely far away from New York.
They crossed their gazes. If it didn't suit Tony to be serious, this carelessness twisted his face beyond recognition. He was demonstratively cold, focused and impassive, but Steve still noticed how a corner of his lips kept twitching and how cold were the fingers touching his wrist.
"We're going for a vacation tomorrow. Away from this city," Janet breathed out loudly. "To my father's cottage."
"And that's a great way to start a conversation." The unpleasant smirk disappeared, replaced by irritation. Tony was squinting at him, so tense, that Steve inadvertently tensed up himself.
The coffee Tony made was black and so sweet it resembled syrup more than anything else. Steve was pretty sure that was he to put a spoon in it, it'd stay standing.
"Don't tell me again you're incapable of making your own decisions and just a humble executor," he said, with a mix of admiration and anger in his voice. "Truly, why do we only think about the global scale? It suffices to just be old and weak to wish to repeat my father's and his partner's success with you... not to have any other options... But why not? Because the clone that was already prepared for the brain transplant got killed and the Betan rejuvenation treatment only exists in fiction," Tony's thoughts were flowing quickly, as were his words, almost with no pauses, like a tongue twister. "The old Baron Fell is not just old, he's ancient and just about to become history. He would grab any lifeline, especially one as promising as you. You need to contact that lovely lady, and I – my mother," finished Stark, almost jumped off his sofa and rushed to the bridge.
"Find out everything you can about him and his friend – just to be on the safe side. They could be connected to the case..."
"I delivered three invitations to the ladies and headed towards Captain Rogers' house," said the ba. "On previous evenings, that was the place I started at, but this time I decided to go there last, since the Captain was ignoring the invitations. The hall was dark, so I didn't go to the mailboxes immediately and started looking for a switch to turn the light on. I don't remember, what happened next. When I regained consciousness, a man ordered me to stay still and put my hands up. I did that, but he still stunned me. And here I am."
Silence hung in the room, heavy and absolute. To shake the unpleasant feeling of it, Steve got out of bed, turned on the laptop and automatically loaded the browser. Among a horde of newsletters and spam there was one letter sent from an unfamiliar address, and Steve absent-mindedly clicked the link.
"Never got abandoned after the first night before?" Tony hummed. His voice was alarmingly slow, but his eyes were clear. He looked at the place where Steve was touching him and smirked. "Still, you're late."
"I'll be controlling your vitals with this," he explained. "Pulse, blood pressure and all the rest will be on the monitors. Got that? Alright."
He turned around, breaking a twig with his shoulder, made a step toward Steve, and the next moment red and gold armor fell upon him.
"But I only need a couple of new dresses," Janet continued. "Then we can go for some ice-cream. Or pizza. Or..."
"Hey, hey, easy," said Tony with a grin, holding him by the shoulders. "Light." Lamps above Steve's head turned on. Steve squinted and was going to close his eyes, but Tony stopped him, "no, look at me."
"Something small?" Steve ran his finger on the line of the road on the map in thought. "I'm not suggesting Philadelphia."
He and Tony didn't talk anymore that day. Steve read, occasionally pausing to wander around the house or eat, and Tony slept till evening. It seemed, they had the exact opposite routines – when Steve went to bed, Tony, judging by the noise coming from the corridor, just woke up. He called for Jarvis loudly and yelled at someone on the phone, so Steve decided not to interrupt.
"Oh, Steve," Tony got sidetracked again to yell at someone else. "We know each other so little, and you're already trying to control me?"
It had little in common with a huge clunky machine Steve was used to; it was much more sophisticated, more human-like. Steve couldn't control it. He could feel it – as much as it could feel him – but he couldn't control it. All the usual commands left the hunk of metal unmoving.
"Can you imagine how boring their lives are?" Tony put his hands in his pockets and swayed on his heels. "I'm like an evening show for them. They love me."
"Hank came back to himself, but he's only saying gibberish. You appear in the armor. Tony disappears. Don't argue! I don't like this. Dad always told me to stay clear of scientist, but have I ever listened?"
"Steve, what exactly do you know about Cetagandans?" Clint snorted. "It's normal for them not to like each other. Marriage is a genetic contract between the houses... I think the Cets themselves call them constellations. The parents are needed for their genetic material and to take part in ceremonies. They're not required, and even discouraged from seeing each other outside of those."
"Alright... Show me the message and make that coffee after all," Stark turned back to the comm and stared at his mother's message. "Haut-ladies," he groaned after about thirty seconds spent studying short lines. "Why?"
"Do you know why I like the Chinese?" he asked, not even giving himself time to chew the food properly. "They have everything in abundance. I don't particularly like anything else about them, true, but this..."
Steve expected to feel empty, but he felt full of energy instead. The shocking truth didn't explain anything, and brought more questions, than answers.
"Pepper said you live here," the man remarked. Steve fought the sharp inexplicable urge to stand at attention and kept making coffee.
Steve stood up, and the armor reacted instantly to his inner panic. He still didn't quite get a hang of controlling it, with the ease that Tony had, and it reacted to his smaller flares of emotion. Tony would probably call Steve paranoid – he was fully encased in the armor before he fully turned to look at the intruder.
"Interesting," said Faustus. "You know, I wondered, for a long time, how we got here. At first, I thought I was alone, but then I've heard the rumors, somebody mentioned Doctor Pym, and I've learned that the Iron Man came to this world with me." Tony stopped cradling his hand and straightened up. He was, once again, under the influence of the Doctor's hypnosis. "So I looked, and I looked for answers, but I still don't know. That is not good."
"Betty," answered Bruce. "I called her once, but couldn't think of anything to say. Just breathed into the phone like an idiot. They probably told her I'd died. I don't know."
"Look at that," he drawled, "it's the middle of winter, but that mansion has an autumn garden around it. In your colors. And there's no dome."
"You don't mind?" Janet hummed. "Hank always gets embarrassed, he gets pale, he gets red, he starts reciting some scientific nonsense. It's like a reflex."
Tony's eyes seemed to flash, and a strange shadow went over his face. The next second he was smirking again.
"I wouldn't drown; I would just freeze." Stark squirmed under his blanket, the last one making an eerie rustling noise. "And yeah, it did help me, it figured out to go look for you. So what, if a ba can't pull with a force of three hundred kilos, it can be left to Jackson's Whole? Those are lovely beliefs to have."
"If this Henn Rau is to be believed, the ba do belong to their highborn masters and are completely loyal to them. If haut Mio D'Stark didn't give an order to sabotage the replicator bank, then it wasn't the ba. It was set up, to frame the Consul."
"Did Reed ask you to come?" asked Steve while they were going down the stairs. He couldn't see Tony's face, just his back, but the shoulders translated his amusement well enough.
This was the perfect moment for the internal communication line to come alive and for Jarvis to ask if they were alright and if they needed any help. To his own surprise, Tony managed to answer calmly and coherently that they were fine and that, if they needed any help at all, it was with keeping other Cetagandans away from the cabin. Jarvis seemed to have realized what was going on and disconnected without any additional questions.
"Mexico, Brazil, Cuba," he said, simply. "Either way, it's none of your business. Sorry, Steve," Bruce looked at him guiltily and spread his hands. "I know you want to help, but..."
"I did!" Tony coughed and glared at Steve. "I hacked the files too late and found out I sent you to a monster. How should’ve I known that you'll become friends?"
A thought crossed Steve's mind, that he only met this person twice, and yet both times were filled with more action than weeks, months that Steve stayed in this world. Being with Tony was like being back there, at the front, - dangerous, unpredictable, without a minute to slow down and think. Then again, maybe, Steve was just seeing what he wanted to see.
Steve heard an unsaid 'that may be the last thing you ever say' and clenched his teeth. He had no one to say goodbye to, nothing to feel sorry for, he already lost everything he ever cared about. This world wouldn't notice his disappearance, like it didn't notice when he first arrived here. Maybe, he should've made a joke to break the tension, but he wasn't particularly good at that.
Outside, Steve caught a taxi, helped Janet inside and pulled out his phone. Tony answered after the eighth ring.
"Someone even more ordinary and right, by their standards. Someone who wouldn't care about local beauties and would keep only Empire's interests in mind," suggested Captain Rogers.
"Are you always like that? Surrounded the lab like there's been a gamma-radiation explosion! Then again, I do remember that time..."
"My condolences," Stark replied, his voice short but seemingly sincere. "I won't ask how old you are, cryosleep makes passing any lengths of time possible. But how did a guy from Barrayar meet a ghem-lord and not try to kill him?"
"What do you mean? Oh, thank you, Jarvis. Sit with us, have some tea," called Stark after the ba that was preparing to leave.
"I'm a hero in this story," Barton stepped away from the doorway and spread his hands, as if stretching his shoulders. "Oh, come on. I know where all the fun is, you want to go there, and you're Iron Man. Besides, if I read the situation correctly, your friends," he nodded at Janet and Hank, "got messed up in it, too. Boss doesn't often allow others to meddle in our business, and you've been circling SHIELD for a while. Everybody wins. You're coming?"
"Good morning," said Steve, cautious, cursing himself in his thoughts for his rumpled clothes and shabby appearance. "Is Tony being late?"
"I'm not going, Steve," he said, his voice gentle for some reason. "You should go. Buy some water and something disgusting that makes your rightful soldier body turn inside out. Fast-food, some fatty shit that doesn't need heating. And get some forceps and bandages. Me and doctor Hulk will wait for you here."
Steve didn't regret leaving Reed's flat behind. He did give the only cactus Reed had to his neighbor, but he doubted Reed even remembered it. It was most likely Sue's gift, another attempt to instill in Reed the minimal skills required for taking care of another living thing, and that attempt failed just like all the others. Now, though, Sue, as well as Reed and Ben, were in space, the cactus was in good hands, and Steve was embarking on an adventure.
"I've a theory," Tony continued, looking him in the eyes. His pupils were slightly dilated. "They're learning. They found a stable system and interfaced with it. God, this is crazy, but I think our neural systems are connected."
Going through the staircases in the armor proved quite a challenge, but Steve wasn't complaining. He felt himself coming closer to his target with every passing second of his internal timer, and, like a drawn bow, he was ready to shoot at any moment.
"You're way too attached to those drugs," complained Steve, putting Stark down on the couch and covering him with a second blanket. "Jarvis, stop whining and go get tea."
"However much I want this to continue," said Tony, his breath hot on Steve's neck, "I have to be on some dreadfully important meeting in a few hours."
The thought of becoming disabled was scarier than death, in this unfamiliar world, without a way to stand up for himself, without even a way to support himself. That would've been like Steve’s worst nightmares coming to life. Nothing was more horrifying than becoming a useless aimless piece of meat.
At first, Happy didn't answer. He pursed his lips, squinted, looking somewhere in the distance, and sighed.
"How about personal space?" Steve sighed. Tony was apparently one of those people you had to tell everything directly.
"It will be," Tony shrugged. "Mistakes move progress forward. As a result of a mistake, an ordinary child became a genius and you ended up in the twenty first century. Don't underestimate mistakes."
"Are you Doctor Bruce Banner?" he asked, putting the picture on the table and pushing it towards the man.
"I didn't take into account that everything was planned for my healing factor," muttered Tony. "But it worked; you'll feel wobbly for a while, but..."
"Mio?" Steve repeated, wondering if the name had some meaning behind it or was chosen purely for the way it sounded.
"I'm still finding it hard to believe it's possible at all," admitted Steve. Tony snorted, digging into the bag.
"Everything's amazing," reassured him Tony, looking very pleased indeed. "Trust me, if I don't like something, I'll start screaming, biting, and possible smelling of acetone."
"What do you think?" Stark's voice sounded slightly weird. In a moment, Steve understood that his teeth were chattering. "I did a really good job, too. Figured out to check for mistakes in the undercarriage of the ship, but didn't think to test the showers!"
Natasha looked clearly surprised but didn't say anything, letting Steve recall it. The discussion had nothing to do with her questions, but the Cetagandans looked like it was important.
"And thirdly, I've studied your personnel file. The real one," said Vorromanof, with an emphasis, and it finally dawned on Steve that the feeling that the unyielding vor-lady was hiding was reverent awe. That was not a good additive to their personal and professional relationships.
Steve was far more intrigued by Stark's mention of his mother. All that he learned about the Cetagandan Empire suggested that mostly patriarchal state was ruled by unofficial and well-masked matriarchy, so making important decisions with wives' and mother's approval was quite understandable. Even the Emperor, often officially called as Celestial Father, had four wives and twice as much consorts who had quite real political and, even more importantly, genetic power. But deciding not to cut his hair not to upset his mother? That was peculiar, even for a matriarchy.
"And I think," started Steve, but shut up when Stark answered him with such a gaze that stole all his words from his tongue. He didn't want to argue, what he did want, was to kiss Stark, and that was exactly what he did, hugging the wicked Cetagandan, and belatedly feeling surprised at this turn of events. "Alright, it doesn't matter."
The rest Steve remembered only vaguely. He put all emotions aside, everything that could get in the way of him doing what he had to do, and carefully assembled Tony's hand. Any mistake would cause him pain, and Steve couldn't allow that. He'd already made too many mistakes.
"That's a good question. But you probably shouldn't ask him that, it's likely to be another sore spot. We should try to find out more about him," Vorbarton smirked. He had no idea, of course, that in about a hundred feet away from them an object of his and Steve's captivated attention was saying to his subordinate:
Janet crossed the hall in just a few steps and froze next to the lab's entrance. Another 'suit' immediately rushed to her, trying to say something, but Janet suddenly stumbled back and would've fallen if Steve didn't catch her.
"Or a sample of invitation itself that could be used to lure me to someplace else," added Steve. "What was in the yesterday's, by the way?"
Before they could leave the flat, Hank rose from his chair and started typing something on the barely visible panel on the aquarium.
He saw people in such a state, even before the war. There was a girl in the art academy he went to, always cheerful and sweet to everyone. Steve remembered her, even though they were studying in different years. Then one day he found her in a corridor, pale, her eyes empty. No matter how many times Steve called her name, she didn't respond, just swayed back and forth and clutched a letter in her hands. Steve later found out it was a death notification. Janet was looking just like that.
"I'd bet this is going to be a Serious Conversation," answered Tony. He looked like a man who just got assaulted, but at least his hand was bandaged up and not swinging down like a piece of bloodied cloth. "Can we postpone it till we get home?"
He didn't sleep well at all, in fact. A world that he didn't belong to stared coldly at him through the windows, and he had to keep living in it.
Steve noticed his pulse throbbing under his jaw, faster than was normal. The beats were regular and too strong, in the way they were never before. Steve pressed his fingers to it reflexively, as if trying to slow down the beating from the outside.
"I see," Stark fell silent and then, surprising Steve, suggested, "should we drop the formalities? It seems odd, addressing my father's old friend in such a detached fashion."
"What now?" echoed Tony. "Now you sleep. I'd suggest you stay here, but you'll probably sleep for a long while, so... Try to stand up."
Tony's face still didn't betray his thoughts. He shrugged, as if shaking off all the stuff that's been said just now, and turned away.
Steve rubbed his hand and tried to focus on the man's words, if before Faustus was just wasting air, now he was inching towards something important.
"Do you want to go somewhere?" asked Tony out of the blue. "A museum, opera, ballet? What did you like before the war?"
Steve looked at Tony and scanned him with his sensors. He looked calm, but the armor indicated his pulse was elevated. The machine was surprisingly easy to control, probably because it was connected to his neural system, but the moment Steve thought of taking a step, the armor was already moving. Like it was a continuation of his body, and not a huge metal contraption.
"I'm not asking just out of curiosity," said Steve, softly. "I can explain, but you'll probably think I'm crazy."
"No," Bruce almost laughed. "I don't have medication. God, you're an insufferable fool," he breathed in, wheezing. "Please, go away."
Ben treated them like a mother welcoming home her misbehaving children, and the first thing he did was examining Steve from all sides.
"You'll follow me till you learn all you need," Bruce finished for him. "Yeah, I got that. But you'll freeze, and we can't afford to heat the car all night."
He threw his bag on a bed that looked huge and awfully soft (Steve hardly could imagine sleeping on it), paced around the room for a while, threw a glance at himself in the mirror and went to look for Tony.
"It'll hurt," warned Tony in an emotionless tone of voice, attaching something to Steve's wrist. That made him flinch, and a malicious grin appeared on Tony's face. "Not now. Still don't want to get knocked out and miss it?"
It turned out to be surprisingly easy to avoid someone living in the same house as you. Steve and Tony had sufficiently different schedules – Steve woke up around the time Tony usually went to bed. It's like they separated the house into sections: the whole basement was Tony's, the second floor was Steve’s, and they went to the first floor at different times.
"Even if you tell the truth, even if your intentions are pure, your curiosity..." Banner sighed and ran his hand through his hair. "What do you need? Who even are you?"
The pause between learning the problem and taking action was dragging out. This last half a year, Steve got used to taking care of problems immediately and almost lost that special sense of time that war brought. Now, there was a timer in his head, counting down seconds and minutes, keeping him from losing his mind. Steve's breath followed that timer and evened out from its jerky rhythm.
"Yes. I don't like those memories. That day, somebody successfully attacked us, I still don't know, who. Certainly not our people. They shot Doctor Abraham, and while I was chasing the killer, somebody trashed the lab, Volt disappeared, but not before sending me a message. He warned that it was in my best interests to get the protection those guys from the Security promised, since people who were far less pleasant or burdened by morals got interested in me. Or, at least, in my body, but the outcome was the same. That's exactly what I planned on doing, only I haven't managed to reach them in time: somebody made a hole in me. As far as I figured out, dead me was as useful as alive, when it concerned their studies. So, they tried to kill me and snatch my body, but the Barrayaran people got to me first."
"Oh, I can imagine," Stark rolled his eyes. "My father's relationship with electricity was always more than close. So, I'm guessing, a duet of two crazy scientist succeeded at what they set out to do?"
"Why?" asked Steve. "Why me? How can you offer something like that to someone you saw just two times in your life?" He tried to speak in a calm manner, and that made his words sound clipped. "That's your armor. Your world. Protect it. You found a way."
"He said, a couple of scientists that were staying late, you know how absorbed they get in their work, well, they all left together. Just took their cars and left."
While Steve didn't understand mobile phones (which was somewhat funny, considering how quickly he figured out laptops), Solomon was a passionate hater of wireless networks, so the storeroom in the back of the shop had an apparatus adjusted to the wall that looked at least thirty years old – with a metal round disk you had to rotate to dial anyone. It rattled like a tin can tied to a bumper.
"It just didn't occur to you that somebody could be so careless as to not install waterproof electrics," answered Jarvis. "I couldn't open the door from the outside, but I brought Captain Rogers. If what you think about him is true, he should be able to mechanically overpower the door's resistance."
Steve belatedly realized he said that all out loud. Tony raised his eyebrows and then smirked at him.
Steve looked at the screen, frowned and nodded. The dark-haired man on the picture could be Abraham's younger brother or his older son.
"Great. Thanks. Why does it seem to me that my mother knows much more, than me, even staying so far away? Why didn't she come here, then, to separate mirage from oasis and the wheat from the chaff?"
"No," Steve said, calm. "That's not it. I've seen explosions before, for the person to..." He stopped, understanding how inappropriate would be what he was going to say. "That's not Hank," he finished, awkwardly. Janet nodded, lost in thought.
"We're going to, of course," agreed Stark, leading him to the bridge. "For that to be possible, though, I think we have to come clean to each other. You suspect me, I suspect you, and that's a distraction from our real enemies."
"That's right." Clint opened the door in front of Steve, followed him inside and carefully closed it behind them. "She's probably dissecting your Cet right now, and let's hope it's only a metaphor."
"Oh yeah," he said. "I don't even know what made them angrier, that I destroyed the city, or that I destroyed the data."
"That's very... reasonable," Tony finally found the word, "and cold-blooded. If haut-ladies wore face paint, my mother’s main color would be blue, to reflect that."
"If he figures out he has to look for a man that disappeared seventy years ago from a parallel universe, sure," he snorted. "I'm afraid the General lacks that kind of imagination."
"As far as I understood, the telepathy was an accident. It doesn't matter. He escaped, found some friends, then a boyfriend and settled down on Athos. He had no name back then, but he adapted his mark and became Terrence See."
They didn't stay long on Tau Ceta, they went to a couple of local parks and had a dinner in a restaurant. Then, Steve saw the other members of the crew for the first time, there were four of them, and they were the grimmest young Cetagandans in the world, even the festive gold and red face-paint with all those twirls didn't make them look joyful.
"All the invitations were delivered to their addresses. I left cards and letters to the servants, if I was met by any, otherwise, I used mailboxes. Captain Rogers lives in an apartment building for officers. There's no concierge or servants there, so I always put those in the mailbox."
Tony pulled a table with monitors closer to the chair, kicked the last attachment into place and froze with his hands on a plate with tools. Steve's fingers shuddered as he started unbuttoning his shirt. The moment felt almost too awkward. Tony kept looking at him, but Steve felt like it would be stupid to ask him to turn away. He slowly folded his shirt, threw it on a sofa and, wincing from the cold air of the workshop, climbed onto the chair.
The glass in the windows shuddered from another bout of thunder, and Steve noticed, to his surprise, that Reed winced.
The whole thing was absurd. It couldn't happen, just couldn't, other than in someone's nightmare or a perverted fantasy.
Steve took a deep breath and connected to the armor. It answered readily, as it did during the last time he tried that. Steve could control it even from this distance. He remembered Tony telling him the armor found him from a mile away, a few feet weren't a problem at all. But for now, the armor wasn't what Steve was interested in. He listened to his feelings, trying to find Tony. For a moment, he got scared that all these days Tony spent trying to tear down their link. Tony was smart, after all, he could get rid of what was wrong in his opinion, and then this attempt to make him come out and talk was doomed to failure from the start.
'Urgent' always meant 'right now' for Steve, so he nodded and was going to disconnect, when Clint added:
Janet turned around, and the amazon warriors would probably envy the rage in her eyes: she looked at Tony as if she was going to tear him apart. Steve smirked.
Steve turned away, quickly put on is t-shirt and crawled under a thin, rough blanket, trying to shake away the ugly thoughts.
He kept talking, but Steve got distracted, watching his lips move, the flutter of his eyelashes, his nervously shifting eyes, as if he was looking for something. Steve suddenly thought that Tony didn't quite realize what happened – too excited about scientific implications of it – and to remind him, Steve put both hands on his chest. Tony stopped talking and lowered his gaze.
It didn't sound like an accusation, or even suspicion, but Steve still raised his hands with his palms up.
"Hey," Tony said again with worry in his voice. "You're getting pale. I won't ask anything anymore, if you don't want me to."
"And yet your door is open, and the children are answering it," Steve finally started understand Tony's anger during that first quarrel they had.
So, Steve was responsible for him and Bruce being found so quickly after all. If they've separated earlier, maybe, none of it would've happened.
Steve raised himself on his elbows, and his gaze fell upon Tony standing in the bathroom's doorway. He had a cup in his hand, and the damn blanket was wrapped around his shoulders. Unlike completely naked Steve, he was at least partially dressed.
"Of course, it's blue," muttered Tony. "You can play with the armor while I'm gone, just don't save any kittens from trees."
Steve gave Bruce a quick glance. The man looked calm, only his cheek was twitching. There were no spasms, like yesterday. Steve could only hope that his gun theory was working.
"You're exactly the same, though," Steve answered, quietly. Solomon smirked, flashing his bright white teeth and threw the match to the ground.
A powerful blast brought down the wall behind Steve back. He hit the floor with his knees. The concrete beneath him started cracking and falling apart. Steve grabbed the ledge, but before he could raise his head, he heard glass breaking and a shout, and a part of the wall and the floor fell down. It brought with it Faustus. And Tony. And his way home.
Steve shook his head and didn't even ask how Tony knew about his meetings with Jan. He'd already figured out that when Tony wanted to learn something, he did, whatever anybody else’s opinion was about it.
"Actually, I was going to ask you what caused such an interest in me. And also, since we have a chance to talk uninterrupted, to ask some things about your face paint."
"Want to stretch your legs? The gym is underground. I can show you the way. Or, if you want, we can call for Mister Hogan. Master will be asleep for a couple of hours. He'll find you later."
"The main thing is the safeguard. There's two in your case. This one, mechanical, blocks the trigger," he let go of Bruce's hand. "And the gun itself is your safeguard against Hulk."
"That's impossible," he said, relieved. "I mean," he continued, noticing Steve's confused stare, "you can be Rogers, but not the Rogers. I don't know, how you even found out that, but..."
In the car, Janet didn't say anything, just squeezed Steve's hand so hard he almost stopped feeling his fingers. She'd been in shock, but until they reached the lab and learned exactly what happened, trying to make her feel better was pointless.
"No. I just always wanted to see the world beyond the Empire. My ship – my routes. Besides, I can't wait to get you to Beta colony."
He didn't ask about the money, and Steve was almost grateful. Buying some food and paying for the gas was the least he could do for Bruce.
Banner's eyes looked exactly like the picture: calm and friendly, with worry lines around them. He probably frowned a lot.
Steve's eyes, jumping over headlines, stumbled upon a familiar word. He scrolled up and clicked the link: nothing special, just a report of a car accident, only... 'The person responsible for the accident was a Future Farm scientist Maya Hanson. According to preliminary data, the woman was under influence of drugs and refused to give any comments. She was brought to the nearest hospital...' The announcement was followed by a warning about traffic jams.
Bruce was trying to become small and unnoticeable: he pushed his head down into his shoulders, raised the collar of his new jacket, which ironically only got him more attention.
"Why did you come?" Steve asked, cautious. It didn't seem like Tony brought any tools for the operation, or the case with the armor, or even blueprints.
Steve hesitated, stepping from foot to foot, then put his water flask in the pocket and followed – it didn't seem like he had any other choice, really. He had to ask her about Banner, of course, but he didn't quite want to do it out in the open.
"No, turn around and get out of here," Tony retorted, annoyed. "Of course, I'm sure. Go ahead. Try... well, try whatever you used to control it before."
Walking around the mansion looking for Jarvis seemed like a bad idea to Steve, so he went to the library he discovered earlier. The sheer amount of books there made his head spin. Steve loved reading in his time, but the last few years, since the war started, his daily reading was military reports and intel on his opponents. Then, of course, there was also the manual for the armor that Steve learned by heart.
"Absolutely! Working, rebuilding my poor armor piece by piece, getting my hand ready for complicated movements." Tony's chuckle was interrupted by a bang. "Whoops. Alright. Steve, Happy will come get you tomorrow. If not, that bloody armor killed me after all."
"Let's leave my noble motives aside," said Faustus, softly, "and focus on the fact that it's possible. I'm offering you to come home, Steven."
Steve wondered if the armor had a system for injecting painkillers into the blood stream. Scientists working on project Iron Man were thinking of something like that. Steve raised his hand to touch Tony's neck and at least feel his pulse, but the man stopped him with quiet words:
"I was at war." Steve's voice went dry and sharp. He was horrifically ashamed of his inappropriate arousal, that he knew – even without the armor – Tony noticed.
"You like the view?" he asked, irrationally irritated. Going to sleep, he didn't put a shirt on, and it seemed stupid to cover himself up with a sheet now. "Why are you here, Tony?"
He thought for a moment that Tony was going to argue and disagree, even his eyes got dark, but he just slowly raised his hand.
Watching Banner pack Steve realized it wasn't the first or even the second the man had to leave his home behind taking only the most important things. He wasn't wasting time, wasn't hesitating and knew exactly how to cover his tracks.
He was so furious he didn't even notice Stark's face going white, and when he did, he immediately felt sorry for what he said. But it was too late.
"Hawkeye." The display lit up with information and personal data, and Steve was starting to have some idea of why exactly S.H.I.E.L.D. didn't like Iron Man. Tony was clearly hacking their systems. "You're investigating scientists' disappearances?"
Tony looked at them with genuine hurt on his face. Reed stood next to him and did his best not to look curious.
Steve raised his eyebrows. The ba didn't look old at all. Then again, if genetically it was closer to the haut... Then again, even on Barrayar, there were people who didn't really age, like Colonel Fury, for example.
Steve felt a pang of guilt, his curiosity was clearly dragging to the surface some things that Bruce didn't want to remember.
"I guess," agreed Steve, but didn't look again at the night sky, instead glancing meaningfully at Clint. The last one only shrugged his shoulders, as if saying 'I don't know why this Cet is practically glued to you'. "I think we have some things to discuss, in lieu of admiring the moons." Rogers decided to take the bull by the horns, although the times than Barrayarans believed Cetagandans to have, besides the braids, also horns, hoofs and sulfurous smoke coming from their nostrils have long passed.
"Perhaps," the Consul smiled mysteriously which made the patterns on his face, even more intricate than the last time, form a peculiar picture, "should we go somewhere quite?"
"I see." The ba seemed to Steve even stranger, than any other Cetagandans. "So, your mother wants her status back. And she sent you to Barrayar to...?"
Instead of heading to the armor, Steve went upstairs to sort through his purchases – paints, a couple of canvases and new brushes. He felt the urge to come back to his old hobby and start drawing again for a while already, but only now he finally felt ready for it.
"You're saying the person who set up your ba had something against Count Vorkosigan?" asked Natasha, surprised. "And they waited for so long?"
"Listen," Hank repeated, "my head starts hurting every time I try to think about it. Something's weird going on, but I'd never notice it if not for Janet." He rubbed his temple and rolled his head. "Science conferences. There were a lot of them lately, I've been on many, but I can't even vaguely remember what I was doing. And I wasn't there alone."
They fell silent for a moment. Steve didn't know how to object, especially considering Tony was right.
Tony put the cup on the table, slowly, and moved towards the bad, still not saying a word. The blanket fell while Tony was on his way, and he climbed confidently on the bad and straddled Steve with no warning.
Now, though, looking at utensils in his hands, he was willing to reconsider – he didn't hate, of course, but he most certainly didn't understand how you could possible eat with these things.
"That's so cool," she said. "You can apply to an academy and properly study it. I know a couple of people... bastards, the lot of them," Janet laughed again, carefree and happy. "But they've got connections. Besides, one of them owes me."
"Nobody's answering their phones," said Janet, her tone emotionless. "I called a friend of mine, she says her husband also left for some important conference. And well, I thought, it made sense to call a guard in that center where Hank works."
"I guess," cautiously agreed Vorromanof. "It's a curious thing: while your ba was following the schedule, nobody touched it, but the moment it strayed from it..."
"Oh," confirmed Janet. "I'm used to Hank rushing off places, but not right out of my hands..." She moved her shoulders, awkwardly. "He wasn't himself, Steve. He didn't know where he was, what he was doing. I had to spend half an hour trying to get him to calm down."
"Thanks." It was impossible to get angry at Solomon – impossible and useless. Especially, Steve noticed, as the man kind of had a right idea about him.
He kind of felt nervous. Steve was never good at talking to people, and here, in Tony's house, he was feeling weirdly uncomfortable. He felt a strong urge to ask, what he needed to do, where was the catch, and he had to fight it down with quite a considerable effort.
"There's an art auction soon," she said, softly stepping onto the carpet with her bare feet. "I usually attend as a representative of the Stark Industries. Tony has a bad habit of imagining himself an art collector."
"Well, you've shown the intent to have a private conversation with me first, so I suppose the first turn is mine. Ask away," Stark leaned back in his chair and sipped his tea. Steve belatedly remembered that most of artificially perfected citizens of Cetaganda had roughly the same abilities as he did, so the drug wasn't going to have an effect on his companion.
He knocked, and they heard a loud shout of 'Coming!', before the door opened, revealing to their eyes a small, barely reaching Tony's waist, boy of about four years with dark hair. It wasn't quite clear from the get-go how he managed to reach the door handle and why there were no adults present, who had to be looking after him and who shouldn’t have let him open the door before strangers.
Steve expected the mansion to be empty – except for Jarvis, of course, but Jarvis didn't really count. Then he came into the kitchen, though he found Happy there, half-asleep and listening to monotonous voice of Animal Planet's narrator. Steve froze at the door, fighting the urge to disappear unnoticed.
"I'll take care of you, of course," Tony shrugged, matter-of-factly. "To be honest, I don't think medicine will change much in ten years or so, but I'll keep you on life support as long as needed."
"It's them." Bruce's voice was betraying his panic. "They came. They found us. Steve, quickly, get in the car, we need to go!"
"Tony," he said, simply. The man sighed, gave a grim look to Steve’s reactor and tightened the straps around his hands.
Since the day Steve asked for help in his research, he and Tony were talking almost daily. Steve couldn’t understand, what was driving the man, though. Maybe, he found it amusing to speak with an alien, maybe it was something else, but he responded eagerly to any of Steve's ideas and supported him, even when those ideas involved breaking the law. After all, it was hard to call breaking into a state archive anything else. Sometimes Steve thought that that's what friendship looks like, but he always suppressed that thought. He never had friends. He was terrified of being wrong about it.
"No, only the busiest and the most prone to ignoring centuries old traditions," Stark shifted his weight from his heel to toe and, looking at Rogers, decided not to start with the truth. "I started to look up information about you after I was told that you were trying to discreetly learn about me and my family."
"It is," he said, after a moment's hesitation. Solomon squinted – either from the thick sweet smoke or to show that he didn’t believe Steve at all – but didn't ask anything else. "I wanted to buy a thing. But you're already closed, I'll come by tomorrow."
Steve hummed. He liked Reed, even though it was his fault Steve ended up here. But it was impossible to be mad at the man, or even upset. It was as if Reed existed in his own cocoon, and regular human emotions penetrated it with some delay.
"The last time I lost it before I came to Alabama." Something was making a rustling sound, probably the bag in Bruce's hands. "I destroyed a house. I was lucky it was in the night, I came back to myself, gathered my things and left before dawn."
It would be safer to disconnect from it, but Steve couldn't. He was trapped, hurting and disoriented, as the man with the cane was eyeing him from head to toe.
Steve felt rather than saw Tony rushing forward, the armor's movement aching in his chest, before all hell broke loose He clearly heard the click of a rifle's bolt and, moving on reflex, turned around and pushed Bruce to the ground, falling right next to him. He didn't even have time to think that they were doomed, all the thoughts were deafened by Bruce's desperate broken cry slowly changing into a roar. The machine gun went off, and Steve had a hysterical thought that Bruce was wrong, there were not tranquilizers. Nobody was here for peace; the army came to fight a war against one man.
"I can't move my pinky," Tony answered immediately. "So the local bohemia thinks I'm an ignorant dumbass. I'm..." he hesitated, "I'm coming back in a couple of days. Do you still want all that stuff we talked about?"
Janet was quiet, Steve could only hear her breathing a bit faster than normal, while he put on jeans in a hurry and left his bedroom. At the stairs, he met Jarvis who told him that Tony didn't come back.
"You had it since the moment you came here." He looked at his watch. "If you ever tried to open the door, you would've known that."
"Come in," Banner hang his rug on a nail driven into the doorframe and pushed the door. Steve followed him inside in silence.
"Eta Ceta is closest," said Tony, after listening to his summary of the conversation with Natasha. "And that's why we're not going there."
"My mother gave it to me," confessed Stark. "She's an haut-lady, and the ba belonged to her long before she married my father. When I was coming to Barrayar, she decided that I could use it, it's quite smart and knows more about diplomatic relationships between the nations than I do, even if that knowledge is purely theoretical."
"You're drunk." That was most likely not true. Steve saw plenty of drunken people before, and Tony wasn't behaving like that. Then again, he was prepared to give himself up to a scientist, but not to a bottle of whiskey.
Steve closed his eyes. Behind closed eyelids, the darkness was red at the corners, illuminated by the sunlight. It wasn't bothering Steve. Hardly anything could bother him at the moment.
"Sleeping," Steve took him to the kitchen and put the kettle on, just to have something to do. "Did you learn anything?"
Steve still thought about it and tried to brush the questions away, but even when they came they didn't hurt anymore like a new wound, and didn’t fill him with guilt. He made his choice, standing in front of Faustus, in the moment he heard the question.
"Why the fuck do you even have a crowd of mutant children?" barked Tony, suddenly. Steve, already familiar to sudden bursts of anger after a prolonged silence that Tony had sometimes, moved closer, in case he needed to hold him and stop from doing something unreasonable.
Steve looked, irrationally annoyed, as the blood dripped from Tony's fingers. He was just hoping they could still save the arm. How advanced was medicine these days, anyway?
"He's distracting you from what's important. And that is that all these scientists built us a way back, Captain Rogers."
Steve shook his head and tapped Tony on the arm above his elbow, still looking at the armor. The moment he did that, he felt a similar touch on his own arm, in the same place, and he turned around, surprised.
"That's the whole story," Tony concluded. "Have you ever done jigsaw puzzles? You're about to learn how to do a human version of it."
"Me? No, I can't do this," scoffed Stark. "It's Jarvis, a very careful creature with an impeccable sense of beauty."
Banner didn't ask any more questions. He either didn't really care about any of it, or was painfully polite. Or maybe, he didn't want to end up in a situation where frankness of one person called for the same frankness in another.
"Oh, come on. I didn't mean you know them personally, just in general. They're always so prim and proper, and elegant. And each of them smells like a perfume shop."
"I used to draw pictures, before, when I was nervous." It wasn't the most intelligent thing to say, but what else was there for him? Talking about scientists? He couldn't do that. Talking about Hank and his ants? He couldn't do that either. Or maybe, about his mother dying from tuberculosis? That was out of the question. "I drew them for anyone who asked, and guys sent them to their sweethearts, or parents, to people who waited for them to come back from war – their friends, brothers, sisters. They managed to get me something to draw with even when there was nothing to eat. Even when the squad spent days sitting in trenches."
Back home, there was the war, and his duty to his country. He had no friends, just his goal and his death that waited for him on the battlefield. Home was empty, cold and dead, and the only feeling it raised in him was his guilt.
He threw back his head – the ceilings were way too high – and his gaze fell on a portrait of a man who looked very similar to Tony, only his face seemed more rough, sharp, his gaze commanding, like Tony's never really was. That was most likely Howard Stark. Steve had read he died in a car accident about ten years ago. The man on the portrait was around forty, his hair already grey at the edges. The painter was clearly a master – Steve tore his eyes away with difficulty and left the grim corridor.
"Wait," Steve pulled away the phone and told the driver the address, "There're too many people in suits here, I don't even understand what's happening. Can you find out something?"
"It's here, guarded in the underground hospital," said Natasha. "It's fine. I think it makes sense to get its version of events as well..."
