“That’s not biologically possible. And even if it was, we’re not—you don’t have to—“ Cas spluttered.
“Dude, I know I cut you some slack when you were an angel staring at me in my sleep, but buddy, it is not normal to crawl into another man’s bed and…and…” he lowered his voice to a whisper, “cuddle with them!”
Cas sighed. “Your birthday is coming up,” he said. “Sam was going to take me to the mall and help me pick out a present for you.”
Dean swung his machete down and sliced off the tentacle that was shooting at him. He shouted an expletive that left his mouth in a bubble. A literal large, single bubble. He had the distinct impression that when it reached the surface it would actually let out the fuck he had given. He couldn’t help it; he laughed.
“Just because it’s not a great plan doesn’t mean I’m not going to go through with it,” Sam said. “I’m still staying.”
"I mean it, mister," she told him. "How about tomorrow we go out for burgers at that diner on Main?"
Dean shook his head with a bitter laugh. “And what are we going to do when we have hunters knocking down our door, huh?”
“Actually, we’re just here visiting my girlfriend, Jessica Moore. Dean here is a huge fan so she promised us we could come and see how everything is done.”
“This was it five minutes ago, too,” Jess told him. “We’re already like ten minutes late, we really should go inside now.”
He made it about twenty minutes out of town before his blood stopped boiling in his veins and he managed a coherent thought, which, of course, was,
“Dean?” Cas asked, and Dean finally dared to look up into those galaxies Cas called eyes. “Are you happy?”
“We know, Cassie, we know,” Gabe said in the most patronizing manner he could muster. “But hush now, the grown-ups are talking.
“Alright,” Cas said, grabbing his keys off of the table next to the door. “Call me if you get any psychic vibrations while I’m out.”
And why would Cas stay, anyway? Dean was cured now. No more bloodlust freaking everyone out, no more death looming just on the horizon. Cas was free knowing that Dean was safe. It’s not like there was anything keeping him here.
Castiel knew that wasn’t his true form, but Castiel also doubted his adversary even remembered what his true form was anymore after a lifetime spent changing.
By the time they were dropping Balthazar off at the correct gate, Cas was just about ready to beg him to stay. On bended knee if need be. He didn’t want it to end. Dean’s arm was a warm, solid weight around his shoulders as they stood at the curb, waving Balthazar off. As soon as he was through the doors with his back turned, Cas stepped nimbly out from under Dean.
Dean took the seat next to him on the log. “Stick it over the fire like this,” Dean told him, holding the speared marshmallow over the flames. “Don’t put it too close or it’ll burn. You wanna try and get it a nice golden brown color. Turn it over when the bottom looks done so you can get a nice even crust on it.”
Dean let out a choked laugh and quickly wiped off a tear that had dared escape his eye. “Man, you been cutting onions in here, too?” he asked gruffly.
Cas lunged and he felt the exact moment his blade pierced his adversary’s heart. It felt like something in his head snapped.
“I’ll come back to say goodbye before I leave,” Cas promised, turning around to face Dean. With a nod to both of the brothers, he left.
The following months only saw the brothers getting closer, the only rocky moments when Sam tried to insist on Dean opening up about why he couldn’t tell Dad where he was even though he had finally returned Sam’s call and inquired more about Dean.
Had he been braver and turned to see Dean’s reaction, he would have seen the same shade of red spread across his best friend’s cheeks and ears as well as a dropped mouth and eyes glazed with shock and a little something else.
“Sammy, in a hurry,” Dean said as he began his brisk pace towards Bobby’s office again. “Ask Meg or the answer is no. I’m not putting a magical extension on Baby - “
Dean fell asleep around midnight, sprawled on the couch where they had been watching Star Trek reruns. Cas watched as a puddle of drool formed on the couch cushion below Dean’s open mouth, willing himself to find it disgusting so that he could get over his ridiculous crush. The flirtations were obviously just a joke to Dean so it was past time that Cas got some sense and treated it the same. But try as he might, he could only find his best friend’s drooling cute. God help him, he found it downright adorable.
Dean dropped the plate he had been washing, hearing the dull clatter as it landed in the sink as if through a filter.
Dean was still standing, frozen and staring. Honestly, he hadn’t thought he would ever get this chance again. To see Sammy up close, speak to him, just to be with him again. It was something he thought he’d only be able to dream about.
In the end, they decided that a meet up with John Winchester was inevitable and that they might as well try to do it on their own terms. They spend a while debating where the meet up should be. Somewhere too public and they run the risk of dragging civilians into something that could potentially turn dangerous if their father gets too overzealous. Somewhere they feel comfortable and it’s like they’re handing over information on their lives. In the end they decide on an abandoned barn about half an hour out of town that Dean always passes on his way to Bobby’s. They had bandied about the idea of taking the situation to Bobby, but they thought it better to keep him out of this. If anyone could find out what Cas was (and subsequently how to kill him) it would be Bobby. They were fine when Bobby wasn’t looking, but John would insist and it would turn into a
“I’m four months older than Dean,” Cas rumbled. “Don’t you have somewhere else to be? Like at a job or ruining someone else’s life?”
Dean’s heart was racing. He couldn’t quite believe that this was real, that he was allowed to do this, to have Cas this close. He couldn’t remember ever feeling this good.
“I’m not making fun!” Charlie swore. “I’m just really excited. This is the cutest and most perfect fracking idea I’ve ever heard.” She stood up suddenly and threw her hands in the air like she just won a marathon. “Let’s do it!”
“Dean, I don’t know what’s going on with me,” Sam whispered, and Dean was horrified to realize that Sam was crying.
That's how Sam found them five minutes later, although the tickling had subsided into make out territory pretty quickly once their faces had come within range.
Cas sighed. “Dean, out of the two years we’ve been together, what have I ever said or done to make you think I’d give in to your ridiculous request now?”
Gabe just laughed. “Sounding indignant might work if I couldn’t see proof of your handiwork,” he said, pulling Cas’ hand away from his neck. He gave a low whistle. “Aren’t you supposed to be having dinner with the family? That won’t make things awkward at all.”
“Dean,” Cas said later that night as they lay on their bed, too full from pizza and beer to do much more than cuddle up underneath the blanket. Although Dean would of course deny the use of the term ‘cuddling’ until his dying day.
of work. You’re probably going to have to go and beg some parts off of your secret source. And Tracy is almost done on the engine for the Ford so I told her you’d check it when she finished so she can start on her side project.”
Jess let out the breath she hadn’t realized she had been holding and turned with a brilliant smile to face Sam who was staring after the maître d’ with his mouth hanging slightly open. “See?” she said. “Everything is going to be fine.”
“That kid does not know how to leave well enough alone, does he?” Dean flexed his fingers on the steering wheel, his knuckles turning white from the strain.
Dean pushed some of the papers he had been poring over off of his phone and pressed the talk button down and answered, “Yeah?”
“Uh,” Dean looked over at everyone else, laying back on their towels and chatting. Charlie was throwing chips at Jo, who retaliated with pretzels. Sam and Ruby had taken their towels a little further away and were talking in hushed tones with each other. Meg and Hannah were talking about something, but Meg kept looking over at them every few minutes. “Maybe we can go somewhere else?”
“Why?” Jake said. “It’s not like I didn’t think your brother was crazy before you said he saw the monster. Now we just know for sure that he’s a weirdo. Dude’s got a conspiracy theory for everything.”
“—and the empty candy wrappers when rearranged will lead him to the actual stash of candy. It’s genius.”
“Then it shouldn’t keep you up at night,” Dean said. “And shut the door. I swear, if your sasquatch voice carries down the stairs I’m going to kill you.”
“What?” Dean said. “You can’t imagine that I could actually find someone who loves me? Cas has to be a siren because there’s no way someone like me could ever actually find happiness. That’s what you think, right?”
“Fine!” Sam shouted, and Dean finally allowed him to squirm his way out of the headlock. “Ugh, you’re such a jerk,” he said, fixing his hair where Dean had messed it up.
“Just let it go, Sammy,” Dean told him. “You’re just going to drive yourself crazy trying to blame yourself for the shit dad does. Trust me.”
“Yeah, why? Did I make a mistake?” Dean’s stomach dropped to his shoes. Of course he made a friggin’ mistake.
Cas finally managed to free himself from the wreckage of the tree and he flew forward, sword aiming directly for his adversary’s heart. He missed, as he knew he would. His was still a little dazed from his meeting with the tree, so his speed wasn’t at the same level as his adversary’s quite yet. His blade sunk deep into the trunk of the tree behind where his adversary had just been. Cas put his feet on either side of where his blade was stuck and kicked off, wrenching it free and launching himself at his adversary behind him. He managed to spare a thought for Dean, hoping he was okay, wherever he was.
“Oh!” she said before he could take another step into his office. “I left the applications you need to go over on your desk. Don’t worry, I weeded out all of the bad ones. But you have to pick some by tomorrow so that I can set up the interviews.”
Dean shook his head. “Look, I just can’t be around you anymore, okay? It’s too hard. I shouldn’t have pushed it so far, I shouldn’t have even agreed—“
“Yeah, yeah,” he said gruffly. “Be sure the two of you come around more often now that you don’t have to worry about me finding out, will you?”
Cas looked to Dean and then over to John and Sam unconsciously backed up a few steps at the absolute fury he saw in his eyes. And it was a good thing, too, because next thing he knew Cas had taken two steps forward and punched John who fell to the ground like it was a magnet.
“And here we are, only fifteen minutes late,” Dean added as they stopped just before a door with some soft chattering leaking out into the hall. “Call me when you’re done. I’ll be in the library trying to get a head start on that dumbass essay Mrs. Harvelle assigned us.” A quick peck on the lips and then Cas found himself being pushed into the room.
Dean moved his hand from Cas’ cheek to the back of his head, and brought them even closer together. He wanted to live in this moment forever, pack up his stuff and just move right in.
“I told you he wasn’t dead, idjit,” Bobby replied, taking a drink from his beer. “And I didn’t say anything about what you’d been through. I know you went through a lot. John is a piece of work.”
She even had the gall to throw him a lazy smile. “You going to sit down and play, or what, Winchester?”
“The monster was talking to him?” the woman asked. Dean could tell she had tried to refrain from sounding condescending, but it didn’t really work out.
Dean couldn’t lie and say he wasn’t grateful—this was going to be the first year he had ever felt truly prepared for school. And best of all, his clothes were
He let out a soft exhale. Was it really his fault that the only thing to do was stare longingly at his best friend? Was it really so bad? He took one look back at Dean who was now snoring a little, half his face smashed into the drool-soaked couch cushion and when he felt his heart constrict in his chest he knew that yes, it was that bad.
“Dean,” Cas cut him off. “It’s not stupid. I’ve just never really thought about it before and it deserves a well thought out answer.”
“Same page,” Charlie said in a squeak. “Definitely on the same page. I mean, video games are one thing, but they don’t exactly prepare you for the real thing, you know?”
Cas rolled his eyes, again, and pulled Dean towards him by the neck of his shirt. “Then let’s make the most of the alone time we do have.”
Cas nodded thoughtfully. “Perhaps we should relocate to Charlie’s house and ask to play games wither, then. It’s quite hot out here.”
He was cut off by the ringing of the doorbell and Cas was tearing across his house in the blink of an eye.
“I’m trying to save him,” John shouted. “Can’t you see what this monster has done? That isn’t Dean!”
Sam couldn’t help the laughter that bubbled out of him at that. His phone shook in his hand, blurring the recording of Dean, but he still got the incriminating evidence. “You just want to be an astronaut?” Sam repeated, once his laughter had died down enough for him to speak.
“Oh my god, what is that?” Sam asked. He tried not to think of Andy’s brother’s story about the monster or Dean’s taunts.
A sharp sting slapped his face and cleared his head enough for him to see John standing in front of him. Dean gasped in a much needed lungful of air.
The five of them spent the rest of the morning and into the afternoon channel surfing and chatting. Sam even seemed to come out of his shell and act like his old self again. All in all, they agreed it was a good day. Even if Jo and Charlie were later reprimanded for not going to the park like they had promised.
Charlie and Jo were standing on the porch, already fanning themselves from the heat. Charlie threw up the Vulcan sign in greeting while Jo pushed past him to get into the cool air of the house.
Cas peered at them over his mug, interested enough in their early morning antics to wipe the scowl off of his face.
“Hello, Dean,” he said in his gravelly voice. He turned to bestow the same greeting upon Sam but then seemed to take in his appearance. “Why is your hair pink?”
Castiel tugged on the bond he already felt forming between them, but the young man remained stationary, staring down into his drink. Human, then. It wasn’t unusual for his kind to find their mates in humanity, but Castiel had hoped that his mate would have been the type to recognize a bond when it formed. But now Castiel had to rely on his rather lackluster “people skills.”
Dean bit his lip to try and keep his expression in check. “Cas may have said he’d rather go with me to the dance.”
“No way,” Dean said. “Not until you say that you missed me too while you were being all weird and mopey.” He grabbed Sam’s head and started giving him a noogie.
Cas let out a small chuckle. “Hopefully he can forgive us this one time. It’s not a real forest, after all.”
The episode ended and another began. At least Cas would be done grading soon. Then he would go and plant himself in the kitchen, watch Cas as he made the pie, those talented hands of his carefully rolling out the perfect crust. Dean would help, obviously, he could peel the apples, cut them into the perfect slices—
Sam decided to opt out of hanging up posters for the missing children, instead taking their portable phone and shutting himself up in his room.
After the pizza, Dean and Cas spent a while playing some of the games set up along the back wall. Dean managed to knock over a pyramid of bottles on his first try, grinning with pride as he handed Cas the cheap teddy bear he’d won for his efforts. Cas accepted it with a blushing smile, handed over a dollar to their P.E. teacher for his own try and did the same. Dean mumbled a blushing thanks as Cas gave him his own teddy bear.
Cas threw the tray onto the cooling rack with more force than necessary. “We’ve seen people on Cupcake Wars do the same. Mistakes happen.”
“Is there any coffee left?” Cas asked, leaving Dean’s side to check the pot. “Dean, would you like some?”
Dean wanted to wish for the ground to open up and swallow him whole, but he dared not do it in case Cas actually granted it. But, if he were being honest, he was seriously weighing his options.
John sighed and turned his attention to wrapping his arm tightly. “I know,” he said softly. “I’m trying to make up for the things I’ve done.”
“Need any help with your card?” Gabe called as Cas slammed his door shut. “I’m a really good drawer! Which one of you is Han and which one is Chewie? Wait, scratch that, we’re doing romantic relationships. Who’s Han and who’s Lando?”
Blue eyes were staring at him in shock, illuminated by the tiny flickers of light flying around them.
The search was fruitless. They searched everywhere. Looking for any sign of any of the children but there was nothing. Not even a suspiciously bent twig, according to the police. Dean tried telling them they needed to look closer, to look where they saw the monster in the first place, but the police and volunteers had checked the area already and there was nothing. Nothing.
Because surely that’s a concept he never suspected he’d take seriously, but the fact was that Balthazar definitely knew how to attract people.
"Cool. I'll go call Cas and set it up." He stood and took his plate to the kitchen, dumping the, in his opinion, offensive vegetables in the garbage and then squashing his paper plate over it in the hopes that Mary wouldn't find out just how many he picked off.
“Charlie’s right,” Cas said. “Besides, I don’t think it would reveal itself to that many people. We weren’t exactly being quiet when we searched. We’re just going to have to go back when it’s calmer. Tonight.”
“It wasn’t guys from the high shool, Dean,” he said, and Dean could tell he was gritting his teeth even though his back was turned.
“Dean!” Cas shouted. He wished he could fly, but his wings were too large to navigate through all of the low hanging branches. Instead, he kept his wings tucked into his back and ran, feet pounding the packed dirt beneath him. He heard a shout, a grunt, and then a thud. “Dean!” he shouted again, increasing his speed until he was going as fast as he could.
“I don’t know!” Sam said. “But something.” He sighed and closed his eyes. “I wouldn’t have just left him like that.”
“Hey, hey,” Dean said, bringing Sam in close and hugging him. “It’s okay, dude. Plenty of people sleepwalk, I’m sure. We’ll just have to get a lock for your door, huh?” He tried for a laugh, but Sam kept on shaking in his arms. “Maybe it’s just something you ate. I mean, I’ve never seen someone eat so many Pixie Stix in one sitting before. And you washed it down with a big ol’ glass of Dr. Pepper. That’s gotta do something to a person’s insides.”
Sam smiled. “That’s a nice sentiment, Bobby, but I really don’t think dad would have let you just take us.”
"Mom'll kill you if you get the living room wet," Dean told him. "Now give us another like ten minutes, Jo and Charlie aren't here yet."
Dean sighed and shouldered the fridge closed. “It’s a little hard to ask someone to a dance with your dorky little brother cramping your style.”
Dean looked over to Cas who just shrugged before looking back at Sam. “This is too fishy, I don’t like it.”
Sam stood just inside the back doorway, sure that Dean and Cas didn’t realize their voices were carrying through the open windows of the impala. It’s not like what he just heard was out of the blue. It was just a confirmation of his suspicions, after all. But it still hit him like a speeding semi. Especially since he never thought it had started so early. How had Sam not noticed? How could he have just accepted all of Dean’s lame excuses for where he got all of those bruises?
Cas climbed out of the impala and twisted his back, hearing the little pops that signified that he had been stationary for far too long. He peeled his black tee off and threw it at Dean who was getting their bags from the backseat. It hit him square in the face and he yelped at the unexpectedness of it.
They both glared at each other as Jo pushed his hand away, agreeing in silence that their mutual blackmail called for a truce.
Dean sighed and lifted his flashlight to look further into the woods, the beam skirting across tree trunks and disappearing into darkness until something white caught his eye. “What the—“ he said, taking a step forward and trying to bring the light back to where he had seen the figure. “Guys, I think I saw something over here.
“Well, yeah,” Dean said. “She’s fine when she’s just Jo’s mom, but dude—just trust me. You don’t want to get on her bad side.”
), and tried to keep the smile off of his face. Ms. Harvelle kept looking over at him like she knew he wasn’t paying attention and Cas wanted to take Dean’s earlier advice and stay on her good side.
“Yeesh, I get it. You prefer the term nihilist. Do you always have to bring up the end of the world?”
“Long story,” Dean laughed. “Do you think I could borrow your bio book? I left mine at home and Ms. Harvelle is scary when she’s mad.”
“That is not true,” Cas told him, coming over to stand in front of him. He attempted to reach out, but Dean smacked his hands away.
“Really?” Dean asked skeptically. “You asked Sam, who has been out of the business for five years and who has to be back at school tomorrow, to stay and help you research what’s probably going to turn out to be a wild goose chase.”
“Good, then I will go and retrieve the beer.” But Dean still had his grip on Cas’ sleeve and wasn’t letting up. They both knew that Cas could break free quite easily, but their earlier years had taught them that only made things worse.
Dean let out a small laugh. At least losing his memory didn’t mean he was losing his winning personality.
“I know that, Dean,” Cas replied. “And I wouldn’t.” He squeezed his hand. “But as something is happening I don’t know that I would be able to stop myself.”
going to try and make himself look more presentable because Cas deserved him at his best. So he just slammed the door of the boy’s bathroom in Jo’s face and walked over to the mirrors above the sinks.
The knock came again. Sam didn’t know who it could be. Jess wouldn’t knock, Dean wasn’t speaking to him (thank god for small miracles at the moment, he didn’t even want to think of how pissed Dean would be that Sam—however drunkenly—had called their dad). Anyone else would have called or texted him. He figured it was probably just some Jehovah’s Witnesses or something and crossed over to the door quickly to tell them that this wasn’t the best time.
Sam’s face scrunched up and tears leaked out of his eyes. “I’m not lying,” he grit through his teeth. “It was real. I saw it.” And before anyone could try and talk him out of it, he stormed out of the kitchen. A few moments later they heard a door slam, presumably the one to Sam’s bedroom.
“Lighten up, Jo,” Charlie said. “Just because Victor said his family was going on vacation for the rest of the summer is no reason to take your bad mood out on the sickeningly cute couple in front of you.”
“No!” Dean shouted, and with a roar of his own, ran to his husband. He was too far, he wasn’t going to get there in time to stop his dad, but then Sam came running and tackled their father to the ground.
Dean forced his eyes open and saw Sammy lying next to him, eyes wide open, blanket clutched to his chest.
So really, it came as a shock to the both of them when Dean stepped nimbly out of his brother’s grip and, abandoning his half full grocery cart in the snack aisle, left without a word.
“Well, what do you want to know about it?” Dean pushed his chair back from his desk and kicked his feet up onto it. He was in a pretty chipper mood since he got to spend all morning under the hood of a car instead of holed up doing paperwork.
John tried fruitlessly to pull Cas’ hand from around his neck, his eyes bugging out as the life was choked from him.
Cas kicked out at whatever was wrapped around his ankle. He made contact on the second try and shot up into the air, only to get tangled in tree branches. He really hated these stupid trees. He pulled his wings in and dropped back to the ground, running towards Dean who was disappearing between the trees as he was still being dragged.
Dean reached up and grabbed Cas’ hand, holding it where it was. His stomach squirmed in anticipation and the tiniest hint of dread.
tell your mom even if she doesn’t notice on her own and the dinner tonight is going to be a complete disaster. And that’s not even counting the fact that Sam will probably team up with Gabriel again to mock us for it. I did not appreciate those extra lyrics they came up with for that stupid kissing song.”
“Oh my god,” he said, tilting his head to the side to see his new massive hickey. “What the hell Dean?”
Castiel fought the smile starting to spread. “Don’t thank me yet,” he said. “I should rephrase my earlier statement: So far this one only
Cas laughed and tried to school his features. “I’m sorry, Dean,” he said, unable to wipe the gummy smile from his face. “Go on.”
“Yes, Dean, I did,” Cas replied evenly. “I was there as well. But I have gotten over it. The worst thing that happened was your ass getting sunburned. That was tame for Gabriel.”
Charlie narrowed her eyes at him. “Well, none of this information explains why you were all smiley when you got here. Actually, I figure you would have been all mopey and grumpy.”
Dean stared at him, his mouth hanging open. “Inconvenienced me,” Dean laughed to himself, a bitter thing. “You hear that, Cas?” he called loudly. “It was just an
“Got it. I’ll be there as soon as my skin stops feeling like it’s melting.” She held her arms out to the sides to soak up more of the air-con.
He snorted. “Well as long as I’m not going to be brought in with a bag over my head for interrogation in some unmapped warehouse.”
“Me, too.” Dean mustered the courage to lean his forehead against Cas’. “A really, really good time.”
Dean had three broken ribs, a broken leg, and a hairline fracture in his left arm. He was also covered head to toe in bruises and had more stitches than he could count in his drugged up state.
Jo, Charlie, and the teen girl, Lily, ran ahead to call for help as the others made their way out of the forest in varying states of distress. Ava was still crying, silently now, holding tightly onto Jake’s hand. Andy and Ansem walked so closely together that they looked like they were attached at the hip and Sam was practically hanging from Dean’s back where he had a grip on his shirt so tight that Dean was sure there’d be no salvaging it from being stretched out.
The three of them sat at the table waiting for Sam for a full five minutes before Mary said, “You did tell him dinner was ready, right?”
“Take your time,” Charlie told her, maneuvering around her to get back to the living room. “There’s sodas in the fridge and chips on the table. We’re Mortal Kombat-ing it up whenever you’re ready.”
“Hey, don’t try and turn Cas off of it before he even tries it! Just because your taste buds aren’t as refined as mine,” Dean told him, tearing into the bag. He picked one out and held it in front of Cas. “Wanna try the greatest movie candy ever invented?” he asked him with a wiggle of his eyebrows.
run a bakery. And I enjoy the work. Especially the accounting. It’s so… monotonous. It’s a nice change.”
Dean could only watch on in horror as Charlie finally made it over to Cas and tapped him on the shoulder. He put his head down on the table and vowed to murder his best friend later.
His mother scoffed and her eyes narrowed. “No, you can’t just stay with Gabriel. Your cousin is not a good influence, Castiel. I will not allow you to live off of nothing but sugar, terrible television, and vulgar pranks. You will be ready to leave in ten minutes for dinner at Chez Lafitte.”
He slowly rounded his desk and sunk into his chair, fidgeting until he was completely comfortable. He stared down at the piece of paper with Sam’s number written on it and turned it around a couple of times. Finally, he sighed, mumbled, “This is stupid,” under his breath and picked up his phone.
“I have to go, Cas,” Dean said. “I’ve gotta finally face it, you know? Besides, I don’t think he’ll back off until I talk to him. He told Sam that he wanted to talk to me and he’s like a dog with a fucking bone when he sets his mind to stuff. And this time I won’t just take it if he tries to hurt me again. And I’ll have you.”
Dean and Cas managed a glimpse of each other during passing period. They both smiled sheepishly at each other from across the hall as Jo and Charlie switched places.
“How’d you fall anyways?” Dean asked him. He’d already asked him at the bottom of the crater, but Cas hadn’t exactly provided any real answers. And Dean sort of really wanted to know what could cause a star to actually fall out of the sky.
He saw movement below him. A snake slithered out from underneath some fallen leaves. Cas reacted almost without thought, manifesting his blade and diving straight down. He managed to pierce the tail before it slithered away, pinning it as his blade sunk into the packed dirt beneath it. But the head of the snake had already started changing and the next thing Cas knew a bear paw hit him in the face, sending him flying into a tree. He bounced off of it and landed face first in the dirt. He sprang up, swiping his blade as he went but his adversary was gone.
Dean snorted again, this time in good humor. “Oh, man. Trust me, my recipe has improved over the years. No more marshmallow fluff, that’s for sure.”
After that things went back to normal. They continued watching the movie, Charlie drooling over Andy (a respectable amount, she was quick to remind everyone), munching on snacks, and eventually deciding against going outside to play a round of catch since it was still far too hot out there. They all left before dinner, but not before making plans to hang out the next day, Cas and Dean making extra plans to meet up earlier for some alone time.
“Oh, so now you’re just inviting strangers into your house? Dammit, boy. I know you ain’t a hunter anymore, but I expect you still got some common sense locked up in that head of yours.”
Cas turned to look out the window, but he didn’t take his hand back from Dean, so he took that as a good sign.
And now he was lying down on his newly chosen bed in his newly chosen room, massaging his newly full stomach. He still needed to put away all of his new robes and books as well. He had tried declining Bobby’s offer to buy him new books, but Bobby had insisted.
Cas turned narrowed eyes on Sam who was scrabbling at the hand around his neck. “Apologies,” he said and dropped him down to the ground.
which you will not let us go back to and I would like to call ahead to a hotel and make a reservation.”
“Well, yeah, obviously,” Dean said, rolling his eyes. “Gabe was right, we should lock him up for keeping us apart. It’s basically a crime.”
He took a quick shower and threw on some clothes before heading downstairs to grab some coffee. He basically lived off the stuff.
Cas could see a leather cord hanging down, so he assumed it was a necklace of some sort, but he couldn’t see the pendant on it. Maybe it matched the one Dean wore around his own neck? The small head with horns that was said to protect its wearer. Sam had gotten it for him before he went to the Academy as a goodbye gift, and Cas knew that Dean treasured it, though he would never admit it to Sam.
. “Parking is atrocious here on a Friday night. I highly doubt you remembered to tell them that we’d pay for the valet, and I also highly doubt that a young couple, one of whom is trying to pay his way through law school, will think to use it.”
“You two are being weird,” Sam told them. “And if I have to be in the middle of it, I’m not watching Doctor Sexy. Hand me the remote.”
Dean grabbed at the paws, trying to move them but to no avail. He tried to shimmy his body to hopefully dislodge the creature, but it was again ineffective. It did, however, remind Dean of the gun he had tucked into the back of his jeans as he felt it push into the small of his back. He reached a hand behind himself, cut his arm on one of his feathers, but managed to grab the gun. He pulled it out in a fluid motion, aiming and letting a half a dozen shots fly directly into the things chest.
Dean wanted to keep going because the guy was even cuter when he was embarrassed, but he didn’t think his eyes could take any more light. And oh god, was he calling his hallucination cute?
Dean barely kept in his snort, but didn’t bother hiding his eyeroll since Sam couldn’t see anyway. “Okay, well, I’d say don’t let the monster bother you, but if mom catches me telling you that thing is real again I’m pretty sure she’s going to ground me for the rest of the summer.”
Dean turned back to his dad. “Will you get the fuck out of my house, already? You’re not welcome here. This is my home, the home I made with my husband, and if I see you here again I’m going to let him do whatever he wants to you.” He stood to his full height and tried to look as intimidating as possible. “Got it?”
Dean turned to Cas once Mary was down the hall. “You really don’t want to make out with me, huh?” he asked, but he was smiling.
“Please, Sam’s cool. He would’ve scampered if you asked him to.” She gave him an accusing look. “Don’t tell me that you used him as an excuse to wimp out.”
When he finally managed to wrench the door open, it was to face the last person on earth he expected to see at his door.
“It was my wish,” Dean said in little more than a whisper. That’s why Cas was embarrassed. He was embarrassed
“Alright, let’s go pick out a room before I take you shopping. We can grab a bite on our way back.” Bobby finally began moving, leading the way towards what looked like an abandoned building half set into the ground.
Cas frowned and opened his mouth to try and comfort his best friend in some way, but the bell rang loudly and obnoxiously overhead.
Both of them turned to look at the door, and after a moment, John asked, “Aren’t you going to get that?”
Dean didn’t know why Cas would think that, Dean was hardly good company right now, but he couldn’t help but to agree with the sentiment since a warmth was spreading through him just from Cas’ shy smile.
Dean was drinking in a bar one night. Cas just happened to be there, although he rarely went to such places. He saw Dean at the bar and went up and offered to buy him a drink. (Now, this is all true so far, but the rest of the story is a bit of a fabrication.) Dean accepted the drink and the two of them talked all night long until the bar closed, at which point they found an all-night diner and shared a pie. The flavor of the pie varied with the telling, but no one ever commented, chalking it up to Dean and Cas being too infatuated with each other to remember such an extraneous detail. (Dean would never forget a pie. Nor would he ever categorize it as an extraneous detail. As far as he was concerned, pie was the star of any story no matter how small a role it actually played.) After the pie they left the diner and watched the sunrise.
“What?” Dean actually turned around to shoot her a look in the backseat. Cas was thankfully used to Dean’s general disregard for keeping his eyes on the road. Cas would suspect that Dean had actually charmed his car to drive itself, if he didn’t complain at least once a week about magicians using magic on cars. He firmly believed in the ingenuity of muggles on the car front. “Cas loves Zeppelin,” Dean told her, thankfully turning back to the road. “Don’t you, Cas?”
Cas knew Dean was in Bobby’s office, though he was sure that if he didn’t, he’d have been able to find him even without his locator ring. He could just feel him.
Dean watched, horrified, as the tables began to turn for his friends as well. After the initial shock of the attack, the children were quick to jump to their feet and retaliate. In his narrowing vision, Dean saw Ava grab Charlie by the hair and pull her off of Jake, throwing her to the ground. Ansem kicked Jo in the chest, sending her spinning off of Andy and onto her back. He saw the teenage girl sucker punch Cas in the stomach as one of the boys picked up the bat he had dropped in the attack and break it on his arm.
“Do you think I’m selfish? Or self-centered?” he asked. The long car ride back from Bobby’s had given him plenty of time to get over his initial anger and confusion and allowed him to think about how he had completely missed something so essential.
"Haven't been there in a while," Dean said, trying for casual as he looked out of the corner of his eye for any sort of reaction.
Cas looked over at him, standing there with his arms spread in welcome. And then he looked beyond him to where Dean was limping over, the body that had been on top of him disappeared to dust on the ground. They made eye contact and Dean winked.
The crater seemed to come out of nowhere. One minute he was skidding his way through the gaps between trees, the next there were no more trees, and more urgent, no more ground.
Dean allowed himself to deflate into a slightly more normal posture and shrugged. “I wanted to take Cas’ name.”
“Fine, fine.” Dean said, holding his hands up in surrender. “You’ll be okay back here? There’s no more mixing left, but you do have to spoon out the cookies onto the—“
Dean froze, and as if Cas sensed his presence, his eyes swung over and landed right on him like two huge spotlights.
“Dean!” he shouted as he got near enough to see that Dean was trapped underneath a giant catlike form of his adversary.
Dean blinked a couple of times until his vision cleared and realized that what he had mistaken for the sky was actually a pair of scrubs being worn by a man very much befitting of the aforementioned sexy voice. Dark, just-rolled-out-of-bed hair, perfectly sculpted (if a little chapped) lips, and the eyes—oh god, if the scrubs had been the sky, his eyes were the universe, swirling shades of blue forming galaxies within the bright orbs.
“I know,” Cas said, stroking a thumb along his cheekbone. He leaned in and placed a gentle kiss on his lips.
Dean sat down on the bed beside him. “Really? Because it feels like you’re getting all weird again. We were supposed to go and play at the park today, man. I even convinced mom to give us some money for the ice cream truck. We can get the Ninja Turtle popsicles! She gave us extra, too, in case we want to splurge on a Choco Taco.” He lifted his eyebrows up and down. “I know that’s your favorite kind of taco,” he singsonged.
Dean sighed and rested his head on the steering wheel. “You’ve never been on the receiving end of one of Sam’s puppy dog stares.”
Dean leaned over and gave him a peck on the cheek. “Just joking. I—uh—” he rubbed the back of his neck, suddenly shy, “I really do like that you, you know, don’t mind hanging out with Sammy, too.”
“Caaaassss!” Dean called. He waited, straining to hear any noise over the soft tones of the TV. “Caaaaaaaa—“
“Dude,” Sam said, once the door had been closed. “How the hell did you swing this? I mean, I know you had a way of charming yourself into girls’ pants, but this? Seriously?”
Charlie’s face broke out into a huge smile and she stepped to the side, sweeping her hand out towards Dean. “Good luck,” she said. “Not that you’ll need it.”
“Alright,” Dean said, turning the ignition off. “First things first, we don’t have any decorations so we’re going to have to go inside to buy some ornaments and Christmas lights.”
Cas reached out and laid a hand on his arm, but Dean just forced a smile and shrugged. With a sigh Cas took his hand back and began to eat his food.
Dean made a sound somewhere between a grunt a cough, his throat not working properly enough to allow actual words to form.
“Dean doesn’t seem like one to turn his nose up at some cheap chocolate, but okay. I’m with you. You got your boy some gourmet chocolates. Hey, if he turns you down, can I have them? I’ve always wanted to try some fancy shmancy confections. But you know my motto, quantity is quality.”
“You just said that they have a year-long waiting list, Jess. How would they get reservations for Friday night?”
“Done,” Dean assured him. “You’ll be eating so many home cooked meals you’ll forget what tv dinners taste like.”
“Of course,” Bobby replied. “But just maybe don’t let it spread around. Can’t have the others thinking you’re getting special treatment, just ‘cause you’re a legacy.”
Both of them rose early the next morning, not out of necessity, but out of nerves. Even Cas didn’t seem to be as grumpy as usual before his first cup of coffee, but he did seem more on edge. He kept slamming his mug down a little too forcefully, sloshing coffee onto the table.
Dean scrubbed his hands over his face. “Can we not talk about this anymore? I’ve reached my limit for heartfelt moments for the next ten years.”
Cas had snuck out to meet Dean again. It was pretty much a nightly routine at this point. As soon as Sam fell asleep, Cas would receive a text and ten minutes later the two best friends would be lying on their backs in the small park behind Dean’s apartment building.
“What?” Gabe asked, all innocence again. “Threatening the new beau is like rule number three in the BBC handbook.”
“Yeah, but I meant to a club or a bar. Take up a hobby! But no. I say ‘go have fun’ and you hear ‘go get a boring nine-to-five.’ I don’t like to say this a lot, but sometimes it’s embarrassing being your brother.”
Cas tilted his head to the side and Dean’s heart clenched at the sight of his classic Cas. “Why would I get bored?”
“Of course not,” she replied. “You were completely right to get out of your situation and if he can’t understand that then that’s his problem.”
“Damn, I thought I smelled something good,” Dean said, trying to peer around Bobby into the kitchen.
“It’s fine,” Cas told him. “It’s just… this is far more difficult than I had anticipated. It is no wonder I haven’t worked up the courage to do this before.”
Mary made Dean promise four times that he’d be home before sunset and that he’d stay in public areas and call every two hours before she let him go meet up with Cas, Charlie, and Jo.
was that?” Jo demanded. “No, seriously guys. This is not okay. This was fun for a hot minute, but now there’s creepy ass little girls trying to kill us!”
Dean’s whole body unclenched at Cas’ casual acceptance. “You kidding me, Novak? You’d definitely be the trophy husband. Have you seen you?”
The world got a little fuzzier and he refused to admit it was because his eyes were now shining with unshed tears. He just chalked it up to being the drunkest he had ever been in his life. Which was true.
“I’ll take that as a yes,” Charlie said excitedly, closing her own laptop and scooting over on the couch they were sharing in order to better annoy him.
If he had bothered to look at Cas he would have seen the look of awe written across his features as he slowly lifted a hand to touch his lips, checking to see if the sensation would be different from when Dean’s had pressed against them not moments ago.
Dean and Mary both watched from the doorway to the kitchen as Sam picked apart the food on his plate without really eating.
His fins helped him glide easily through the water towards where he could see the orange yellow glow of the reflection of the fire on the surface. His first breath of air had him spluttering and choking on a mouth full of water. It seemed that the moment his forehead hit fresh air his gills stopped working and his lungs had kicked back in. He kept coughing as he swam towards the shore and the dozen or so yards the shallow beach would provide as an arena for his fight. Thankfully his fins and flipper like feet hadn’t disappeared so he made it to shore in record time.
Cas pushed beyond the next few trees and his heart skipped a beat. Dean was safe. And holding up a twisted, humanoid head. Cas looked down and saw a body to match, tentacles and coiled skin wrapping around each other in a shape that only gave the most vague impression of a human.
The others nodded in agreement. The three students thought to be responsible for the prank had yet to return home. Dean thought it was a pretty excessive reaction to avoid what would probably be a stern talking to. But apparently it also wasn’t exactly unusual for them to take off for a few days at a time, and according to their parents they had been planning a road trip to celebrate their graduation. And since they had been banned from walking in the commencement ceremony for ditching the last day and presumably pulling the monster prank, their parents figured they skipped out a couple days early.
Dean sighed and went to check his watch again, but Cas still had a grip on his hand and wouldn’t allow it. He started jiggling his leg up and down under the table instead.
“It’s honestly been a nightmare,” Dean told him. “I had to sneak notes to Charlie, so we’re going to have to help make her birthday super awesome, too. In repayment.”
“Can’t say I did,’ he replied, and he wasn’t even lying. The heartbeat pounding in his ears had drowned out all other sound. He swiped a hand across his forehead to hopefully remove the beads of sweat. Dean wasn’t eactly out of shape, but that was definitely the fastest he’d ever run in his life. “And look, about what Charlie said,” Dean started, trying for damage control now that he’d been caught.
Balthazar, who had been peering around the apartment with mild interest, snapped his eyes over to the confused face of Cas’ roommate. “This is the boyfriend?”
“Well, he’s still pissed at me,” Sam said. “Which, you know, understandable. He’s pissed at the whole situation, really. He wants to just leave and not deal with it—speaking of which, did you know that they’re like
“But how do we fight it?” Dean asked, for what felt like the billionth time. “How do we get it to stop?”
. Cas was pathetic. He was going to go crawl into the nearest hole and die of shame. He was going to run away as fast as possible, change names and possibly grow a beard. He was going to—
,” Dean called over his shoulder. He heard Sam grumble some more, but he didn’t wait around to hear just how he was being insulted by his little brother. He hustled his way to Bobby’s office, hoping he’d be there this early on a Saturday. He usually was, he liked to keep early office hours on the weekends. Dean heavily suspected it was so that no one would go to them, but he couldn’t prove it.
Sam sighed. “Just…” He scrubbed a hand through his hair. “Why couldn’t you have told me you were talking to him? Just so that I could have known
“That didn’t stop you from taking seconds at Charlie’s last week,” Cas replied, walking out of the room.
They were both smiling too much for the next few kisses to land, so instead they rested their foreheads together, breath mingling.
“Fine,” Sam conceded. “Fine. We won’t talk about it. We’ll just sit here and drink our beers and you can brood in silence.”
“Let’s go to the library,” Charlie said. “We can hang up some more posters and see if they have anything about the monster.”
“Then I don’t want to know,” Gabe said. “I’m done fighting with you. If you don’t want to tell me why I could sense your boytoy in the room last night, then—“
Cas looked over just in time to see Dean give him a flirtatious double brow raise. Naturally, Cas scoffed in response, though he had to fight a grin, glad that they were back on speaking terms, even if the terms were still incredibly confusing.
Cas just tilted his head to the side and pulled his wings in tightly to his back. “Isn’t this dinner time?”
“Happy birthday, Cas!” they intoned together. It was good to see it wasn’t just him and Cas that were creepily mind melding then.
Dean sighed, knowing that he'd lost. He smoothed the front of his shirt out. "So you excited to go to the park?" Dean asked.
Cas pulled Dean into a tight hug and Dean just deflated, burrowing himself as deep as he could into Cas’ embrace and letting out the sobs that he had successfully kept in thus far.
A minute later Sam came into the room, arms filled with candy, a bag of popcorn dangling from one hand.
“My gift,” he clarified. The idea had begun to form the first day in Hanscum’s class, remembering when they met and sparks flew. “Is it too…. Cheesy?”
Cas watched her go and stood up as well. “If you will excuse me as well, I just remembered that I have to discuss something with Benny.”
Charlie rolled her eyes. “Come on” she pleaded. “I know you asked us to come to the park later so you could ask him. Did he say yes?”
Castiel didn’t know what any of it meant. The notes in the margins were becoming more confusing than the actual text, and Cas was the first to admit that biology wasn’t his best subject. It was just harmless flirting, right? It had to be. Dean still winked at Lisa Braeden every time she passed by the two of them. He wouldn’t do that if they were actually a thing. Cas figured as long as whatever they were doing never made it out of the textbook then he would just ignore it. That’s not to say he didn’t enjoy it—it was his favorite part of the day—he just couldn’t let himself hope for more.
By the time dessert rolled around, Charlie and Dean had gotten into an argument about something or other in the newest Star Trek movie, and Cas finally had someone share an exasperated look with.
Cas nodded, though he wanted to do nothing of the sort. He wanted to remain where they were to try and recreate whatever bubble they had created around themselves, let an actual thousand years pass them by.
Castiel felt his heart drop to the soles of his shoes. What was he supposed to do now? Couldn’t the man feel their connection? Perhaps… perhaps Castiel was mistaken? Maybe he wanted a connection so badly that he convinced himself to feel one? Although, even the thought of that sounded insane. He couldn’t just will his soul into finding its mate and connecting to it. The bond was still very much there. The man’s soul was willing, even if he himself was not. But he had been slurring his speech, so perhaps it was just alcohol that was barring their connection.
“You love it here, Dean,” Cas replied. “We have friends here, businesses that you love. We have a life here, Dean. Together.”
“Hi, Cas.” Dean grinned back and gave him another peck on the lips. “Grab the scones out of the oven for me while I set up the display case?”
“Yeah, yeah,” Dean said. “I’ll look over the applications, okay? But if I don’t like anyone, then I’m not hiring them.”
Cas went over and sat next to Dean, pulling one of his arms down in order to hold his hand. Dean’s posture relaxed minutely. Sometimes it still baffled Sam how much his brother had changed. He didn’t know how Cas had done it, but he was thankful that Dean had him.
Cas, on the other hand, said nothing. In fact, most people didn’t even seem to notice Dean’s statue of a guardian angel (though the term angel hadn’t applied to him in years, now). He just sat there, staring at Dean in that intense way of his.
Cas leaned against the row of lockers and closed his eyes. “If I fall asleep here you’re going to have to carry me to my next class.”
. Dean let out a sob of relief. “He’s alive,” he called back to the crowd now gathered behind him. “Cas, buddy, I need you to open your eyes. Can you do that for me?” He brushed some of Cas’ hair from his forehead with shaking hands. “Please?”
Dean looked down and saw that both of them had bloody hands pressed to Cas’ side to staunch the flow of blood.
The ride back home seemed to take forever, but when he finally pulled into the paved driveway Cas was sitting on the porch waiting for him. Dean collapsed into his arms when they met halfway.
Sam reached Dean’s voicemail for the fourth time and cursed. He had just gotten out of class and checked his messages when he saw that their dad had paid Dean a visit at his work. And now Dean wasn’t answering his phone and Sam had a horrible feeling in the pit of his stomach.
“Oh,” Cas said. “I believe my brother, Gabriel, is a part of that as well. He will be quite pleased.”
“Uh-huh,” Dean said. “You, uh, know how Cas is with details.” He forced a laugh. “Loves to plan everything down to the last minute.”
“Leave your brother alone, Sam,” their mom, Mary, said, coming into the kitchen. “And what have I told you about talking with your mouth full?”
Cas shook his head. “Charlie and Jo are coming over soon. They’re going to make fun of us for it. When your brother sees it, he’s going to make fun of us for it and
Cas just rolled his eyes and turned back to the script he was supposed to be memorizing. He got maybe one more line in before Dean was back at it.
“Sweet,” Charlie said. “Now I don’t have to go outside at all. I’m glad you finally came to your senses.”
Dean pulled away a little to fix Cas with a hard stare. “Babe, you know it wasn’t that I didn’t trust you, right? I mean, hell, Cas, I’ve pretty much trusted you with my life since the moment we met.”
That was the million dollar question. He wanted to just run away and pretend like none of this ever happened, but that would require leaving his home and he worked hard to make a home. He’s worked hard on letting himself accept a home.
“I’m sure he’ll forgive you,” Jess told him. “You guys have come this far, I don’t think he’s going to ruin all of that because you made a mistake.”
Dean opened his mouth to argue again, but was cut off by John roughly tying the cloth around his mouth in a makeshift gag. Dean’s screamed out some choice curses but they were now muffled.
“Seriously, Cas?” Sam flung his hands up in frustration and then upon realizing more eyes were turning towards the commotion, he sunk down as far as he could without sliding off of his seat.
Charlie rolled her eyes. “Please,” she said. “This place is doing so well I could show up to work in a chicken suit and we’d be fine.”
That was why, after a week straight of no change in Dean’s behavior, Sam decided to confront him. He knocked on his door. “Dean?” he called, and then without waiting for an answer he opened the door and came in.
“Hey, asshole,” Dean’s voice called softly down the hall, still scratchy with sleep. “If you think I’ve forgotten about making you sleep on the floor, then you are sorely…”
Dean’s ears turned red, as if he had been caught singing along to Taylor Swift (again) rather than studying in bed.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said, from where he was sitting on their bed reading a book. His wings were laid out on either side of him.
“What do you mean, ‘does this make it official?’” Dean asked as they began to walk once again towards where Cas was now at least ten minutes late for club. “You’re my boyfriend.”
“Sam told me that I should ask you about what happened in the djinn dream,” Cas said softly. “But I don’t want to force you if you’re uncomfortable.”
“Talking,” Jo answered. “We’ve found the best way to actually have a conversation now is to keep you and Cas apart. Otherwise things go downhill pretty fast.”
“This is seriously like straight from a horror movie,” Jo whispered. “Creepy kids, the woods in the middle of the freaking night, an actual
Sam rolled his eyes. “Why don’t you just marry him?” he said in his best impression of a grumpy five year old.
Sam hid his grin as Dean lifted the cup to his mouth, but before he took a drink he put it down onto the table.
Dean rolled over in the cocoon of Cas’ wings and planted a kiss on the bare skin in front of him. Cas gave a sleepy grunt of appreciation and pulled Dean closer with his wings.
Cas took a few steps into the room, paused for a moment, and then continued to the bed where he perched about two feet from Dean’s curled form.
Thankfully, Cas just smiled and allowed Dean to lead him over to the table he had picked out. Sam followed behind them with a roll of his eyes, still making sure to keep out of Dean’s reach.
“They look nice, Dean,” Cas replied icily. “And they are equipped with this magical thing called a curtain.”
Well, that would explain why he was sweaty and out of breath that morning, though, Cas had to say he had never noticed Dean’s fear of Ms. Harvelle quite so acutely as he had today.
“Please,” Dean said. “I just want to sleep. We can talk about this in the morning, but babe I have to sleep.”
“So, what? You think I should tell him? Just come right out with a, ‘So you remember how when we were kids I told you I got into a lot of fights at school? Well, it turns out it was our fuckwad of a father. And boy, the beating I got after you left. It’s almost like
Dean was the first to reach out and he grabbed Cas’ hand, guiding him to be among the other handful of couples dancing in the middle of the room.
“Totally has a crush on you,” she told him. “I’d give you more pop culture references to really emphasize my point, but I’m too afraid to find out what else you haven’t watched.”
Sam snorted. “Right, well I’ll just, uh, go back and wait in the car again.” Sam pointed a thumb over his shoulder and backed out of the room. “Don’t take too long, lovebirds,” he called.
A knife was sticking out of Cas’ chest when he stood. He looked down at the hilt and with a small grin pulled it out and let it clatter to the floor.
By the time Cas woke up, the room was already filled with unpoppable balloons and glimmering streamers, neither of which would disappear for a week if Dean had managed to get the hand movements done correctly. He was pretty sure he had, he’d triple checked his work.
“And that took five minutes?” If Dean could have mustered the courage to look at his mom, he would have seen a knowing smirk gracing her lovely features.
“Huh?” Dean had been momentarily paralyzed by their proximity. “Oh, yeah. Um…” Dean glanced around at everyone else to see exactly what they should be doing. “I guess we should just, uh…” He trailed off and began to slowly rock back and forth to the slow beat of the music, helping Cas along with his hands on Cas’ hips. They definitely weren’t going to win any dance competitions any time soon, but every once in a while their movements would bring them even closer together and Dean’s heart would skip a beat. And with the way Cas was beaming at him, he figured the feeling was probably mutual.
“I’d appreciate it if you two stopped trying to make this scarier than it already is,” Cas said. “Ruminating on the fact that our lives have turned into a horror movie is not helping us in this situation.”
Dean turned his head a fraction so that only Cas could see him. “Love you, too, angel. But how mad would you be if I got arrested for fratricide tonight?”
Dean bit the inside of his lip to keep anything from spilling out and then took the only available seat next to Cas.
Grumbling about how he was going to murder Gabriel (his second period teacher had chewed him out for not being prepared and threatened to dock his participation points if it ever happened again), he opened his locker.
Dean opened his mouth to give a retort but nothing came out. He sighed. “I was so freakin’ happy when you said we had a date.” He laughed. “Oh my god, you know what this means?”
“What do you mean ‘what is he’?” Sam asked as John made a beeline towards the bathroom to begin patching himself up. Sam followed behind him.
“That sounds like a great idea,” Mary said. “Maybe you and your friends can go to the police station tomorrow and help put up posters.”
“Stay with me, Dean,” Cas was telling him once he had enough sense to start listening again. “Stay with me, my love. Keep breathing. In and out. Take a deep breath with me, come on.”
“But you did,” Dean spat. “You always leave, Cas. So go ahead. One more time won’t kill me.” The lie rolled off of his tongue far easier than any truth would have.
Dean rolled his own eyes. “Dude, have you ever looked in a mirror? Or have you been too busy checking me out in my green and blue plaid shirt?”
Dean tripped over a tree branch and went sprawling along the forest floor. He tried pushing himself up but before he managed it there was a foot on his back, pressing him into the dirt.
Sam didn't turn around but Dean could tell by the stiffening of his posture that he was definitely more invested in this conversation than he had been previously. "You did listen to me."
“Jeez, Novak,” Jo said, snatching up his discarded controller. “You always talk like you swallowed a dictionary.”
Sam stopped and turned to see the creature split into two, the top half hopping off of the bottom and pulling a black cloak off to reveal two teenagers standing there laughing at them. Another one came out from behind a tree, a hand on his stomach as he tried to contain his own laughter. Sam’s face heated red in shame and anger. It was just a stupid joke.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Says the guy who still uses airquotes.” He tossed the book onto his desk. “Come on, Sleeping Beauty, let’s go order a pizza. I’m starving.” He tried to usher Cas out of his room, but Cas was too busy eyeing the book with a skeptical glint.
“Oh my god, you are such an asshole,” Dean told him with a roll of his eyes, turning to follow Cas. He leaned in the doorway and watched as Cas stripped off his jeans and underwear, replacing them with fresh ones from their duffel.
“Please,” Cas said, “don’t feel like you have to wear it if you truly don’t like it. I don’t want to make you uncomfortable in your clothing.”
“You at least have to admit that you didn’t expect their first fight to be over the monster in the woods.”
“Hey, I resent that,” Charlie said. “I’m the president of the LARPing club and I know I’m absolutely, one hundred percent dateable. If anything, I’m out of most people’s league.”
They ate in a tense silence, Dean picking at his while Cas devoured his whole plate and then swapped it out for Dean’s leftovers.
“What?” Dean asked absentmindedly. He was trying to get a good grip but the dirt crumbled and slid beneath his hands every time he tried to get a good grip.
Sam seemed to shake himself out of whatever stupor he’d been in and turned to face them, looking surprised to see them. “What?”
“So did you do it yet?” she asked him excitedly once they were out of earshot. “Oh, wait, can he read your mind from here?”
Jess gave him a small smile. “Well, I think it’s a good thing. I never thought I’d get to go to Lafitte’s. That place has like a year-long waiting list.”
Charlie narrowed her eyes. “Something’s fishy about this whole thing,” she said. “But as long as you two are happy I guess I can drop it.”
Dean sighed. “It’s open,” he called, turning his back to the door. Just because he had to face the situation didn’t mean he had to literally
Dean let out a self deprecating laugh. “Oh yeah, totally.” He rolled his eyes. “Because who wouldn’t want to date the vice president of the LARPing club?”
Mary just crossed the kitchen to ruffle his hair. “Let’s talk about something else,” she said. Then, her eyes brightening, “Like why I saw Gabriel’s car pull up about five minutes before you actually came inside?”
Suddenly, Cas’ eyes started fluttering open and Dean scooted his chair so close he might as well be sitting on the hospital bed with Cas.
“I am so, so sorry,” he said, holding the flowers out. “I was a major jackass and you are the kindest, sweetest, best girlfriend in the entire world and you definitely deserve better than some poor schmuck like me.”
What the hell was Sam doing here? It’s not like Dean staked out a city for himself and didn’t want anyone coming into his clubhouse without his permission, it was just… Well, that was sort of exactly what it was like; he just hadn’t mentioned it to anyone because as far as he knew no one knew or cared where he was. Okay,
“When did dad say he’d meet us here?” Dean asked, slamming his door closed a little more forcefully than necessary. He gave the hood a pat in a belated apology.
“I see you don’t mind taking full advantage of the benefits of me working at a bakery,” Cas scoffed as Gabe reached for another muffin, this time the apple crumble.
“I believe the term ‘deadly’ would be aptly applied here,” Cas said before Dean had a chance to answer.
Dean felt the sudden urge to kiss his boyfriend. Not for the first time, and certainly not for the last, but for once he didn’t act on it. “What are we waiting for?” he asked the group at large.
“Well, Cas obviously does,” Sam replied. “I’ve seen him go through all of the tests—silver, holy water, iron, everything.”
Information was sparse, but they weren’t really expecting much. After two hours of reading and searching the only hard facts they found were that five children had gone missing about fifty years ago and was still considered an open case since no one seemed to know what happened to them.
The thing lunged for him, its beak full of teeth snapping at him, missing him by inches as Dean’s wings beat behind him to bring him backwards. Thank god Cas had made the things pretty self-explanatory. He doubted he’d win any finesse competitions, but he pretty much only had to think a direction for his wings to bring him that way, for which he was eternally grateful. The feeling of having two extra limbs was weird enough, he doubted he’d be coordinated enough with them to think about proper wing movements as well.
“It means I’ve been a hunter for too long, Dean. I just want to see if school is something I still want to do.”
Ava rolled her eyes. “You’re my buddy, dummy. I have to stay with you otherwise I’ll get in trouble for losing you.”
Dean’s blush deepened. He cleared his throat. “Yeah, well. You better get going. Sam can be a little bitch if you make him wait too long.”
Cas tilted his head. “And yet we spend most of our free time at her house,” he said, turning to open his locker back up.
“I work in a bakery. The only stressful time of day is the morning rush, and trust me, after my nights? It’s nothing.”
“This has got to be real,” Dean whispered as they lay their foreheads together. “I never would have dreamed up something that cheesy.”
“So,” Charlie said, clapping her hands together. “Where to? Park? Movies? Two steps over to the couch?”
“Cas, they won’t mind. You know Charlie’s always running late. She’ll probably be grateful we’re giving her another twenty minutes to make out with her new girlfriend without us there making it awkward.”
Dean snorted. “Come on, Cas. Give my mom and Gabe a break. It’s sort of Parenting one-oh-one to not let their kids be alone with the people they’re dating. And it’s Kids one-oh-one to work around it.” He slid his arms around Cas’ shoulders and gave his best flirty grin.
Sam quickly pulled up in front of them and unlocked the doors. Cas jumped in the front seat and Charlie slid into the back.
“Oh!” Dean said, striding into the room and cutting Cas off. “I almost forgot.” He pulled Cas into a sloppy kiss with far too much tongue and groping for it to be considered anything but indecent. “See you later Mr. President,” he added and, with wink and a quick slap to Cas’ ass, he was out the door, leaving Cas to face his club red-faced and completely awestruck.
Jess looked over to Sam, but his jaw was still hanging slightly open, so she turned back to Dean and Cas and asked, “Shop?”
“Yes,” Cas replied. “I figured you deserved it for spraining your knee bravely chasing after a mugger.”
“Sam,” Jess cut him off, putting her hand on his arm. She turned to Dean and Cas. “Thank you guys so much, this was great. Really.”
“So,” Dean started, drawing the word out a little in the hopes that the rest of the sentence would appear.
Charlie put the muffin down to grab him by his shoulders. “Hey,” she said. “Cas is going to love the present. You need to stop freaking out. I mean, would it really be so bad if it was... you know…”
Dean grinned and felt a warmth spread through him just thinking of Cas. “Yeah, I can’t tell you enough how much I recommend marrying rich. Best thing I’ve ever done.”
Gabriel rolled his eyes at them. “Dean-o, your mom called and asked if I would be so kind as to fetch you. And I, being the kind gentleman that I am, readily agreed. So get your cutie patooties in the car.”
Jess gave him a sad little smile and nodded. “He could come around,” she told him. “Five years is a long time. He might’ve changed.”
Dean blushed the same crimson as the flowers in his hand. “No, you’re not hallucinating,” Dean told him, putting the roses into a vase on the bedside table.
“I must say, you are taking this information much better than Dean did,” Cas told him. “He punched me in the face.”
“Don’t forget your juice,” Dean said, picking up the jug and pouring Sam a glass for him. “Gotta get your vitamin C.”
“Oh, I am,” Gabriel replied. “Didn’t I say something about not treating my baby brother like a floozy?”
A knock broke Dean out of his downward spiral. And then a graveled, “Dean,” threatened to throw him right back into one.
“I’m sorry, man,” Dean said. “I just… I can’t stop thinking about it all, you know? I thought it was going to be easy.”
“You and Cas need to get upstairs, now,” he said, coming into the kitchen to pierce them with a grave look.
He let out a sigh of relief, but before he could further assess the situation, the dirt beneath his feet gave way and crumbled into the crater, Dean following with a shout. Luckily he had managed to fall backwards and the crater didn’t seem to be dangerously steep. Painfully steep, as Dean felt branches and rocks scrape against the bare skin of his back where his shirt and sweatshirt had rucked up in the slide, but he was fairly confident he’d survive. He did wish he could see the bottom, though, but down here the light was almost blinding. He just hoped it wasn’t aliens. He’d feel so stupid if he ran to his own abduction.
Dean grinned and walked over to kiss his husband. Every Thursday Cas went to the library, sometimes for five minutes to return a book, sometimes for hours as he poured through the collection to pick something new to read. Occasionally, he’d bring a few back for Dean that he thought he’d enjoy. He always did.
That voice. Dean was afraid to turn around in case he was wrong. Or maybe he was just afraid since he didn’t exactly know what he would do if he was right.
“Then leave,” Sam said. “Leave him alone. He’s good. He’s great, honestly. And Cas is the one who got him there. I’m not going to let you turn Dean into your next crusade because you feel guilty about what you did to him. Hell, even if Cas was a monster, I’d sooner side with him than you.”
Cas furrowed his brow. “People?” As far as Cas knew they were just the suns of different solar systems, so far away that half of them were probably already long gone before their light managed to grace the eyes of the Earth.
—tonight?” she asked, pushing past him and walking into Dean’s house. “Because Sam sounded pretty worried.”
“Get away from him, Sam,” John said. “This is for his own good. That thing got in his head and messed with it. Do you really think he’d be with a monster?”
“That’s what you get. Gabriel is my brother, Dean! Do you really think he’s ever going to let me live down having a Texas sized hickey on my neck? Do you really think he’s going to let
“Well the steaks are almost done, so you two can set the table while Gilda and I go and finish up the food.”
“Cas,” Dean said, putting his hands on either side of his face. “I’m sorry. I really am. I was being stupid and I wasn’t thinking. I’m sorry you fell for an idiot.”
Castiel ruminated on his thoughts until the man next to him, his mate, began shaking in what Castiel was horrified to realize were suppressed sobs.
Dean ignored his tone. “I’m just saying, Cas. Bulk buying is great. I mean, do you see how much food we have? I don’t think I’ve ever seen so much food outside of a restaurant.”
Jo let out a breath she hadn’t realized she’d been holding. “This is so stupid,” she said. “The monster isn’t real. We’re freaking ourselves out over nothing.” She marched past Cas and into the heart of the woods, fallen leaves and debris crunching under her feet. She made it five feet before she let out a scream and disappeared from view.
One day, maybe a month after Dean had been discharged from the hospital, Cas came up with a plan to… take advantage of this new opportunity. It was Sam that gave him the idea, really, when he decided to come clean about that one time when they were both kids and Sam had hidden the Impala’s keys so they couldn’t leave, but it just so happened to coincide with the night those drunk assholes from three rooms down shattered a taillight. John had assumed Dean had taken the Impala out for a joy ride—Sam had meant to say something, to take the blame, but the way John had looked at Dean, the way he had yelled and cursed—Sam had been too scared.
“That’s not what I meant, Cas,” Dean said wearily, the sign of a conversation rehashed multiple times. “I know you can take care of yourself. There is no doubt in my mind that you are completely capable of surviving anything.”
is already in the player, so sit down, take a load off. You’ve been working yourself to death lately.”
“Did you not have a good time? You sounded fine on the phone last night.” Jess threw her magazine onto coffee table and gave her full attention to Sam.
“You should try dangling something shiny in front of him,” Dean stage whispered. “Like a cat with a bobble.”
A loud crack rent the air and then a shriek so loud both Cas and Dean dropped what they were holding to slap their hands over their ears. A bright white flash blinded them both for a moment and then the two of them were blasted backwards as his adversary exploded into the air.
Dean’s heart skipped a beat and then another before he and his mom were running outside, shouting for Sam. But he wasn’t there. He wasn’t anywhere.
Dean laughed. “He’s always wanted one,” he said. “He kept saying that we had a home now, that we should get a dog to go with it. Told me it could be any kind I wanted, he didn’t care. Even offered to let me name it.”
Dean smiled and kissed the closest part of Cas he could reach, which happened to be his shoulder. “Damn, having money is
“Shit, Charlie, if you’re so set on this idea then you go ask him out.” Dean pushed the remains of his fries away from him.
Dean squeezed Cas’ sides where his hands rested. “Man, when you told me it was a fake date it felt like a sucker punch.”
“Ah,” he said, eyes flicking quickly from Dean to Sam and back again. “Well, how are the two of you enjoying yourselves so far? There isn’t too much to do on set…”
Cas rolled his eyes. “I’m the one with the super sensitive hearing. There’s no one out here but us. Besides, I was just talking about soul bonding and you were perfectly fine with that.”
Dean groaned in frustration. “But he saw the monster, too! He told anyone who would listen that he saw the stupid thing like a week before Sammy and the others saw it! And Sam told you all of this yesterday and you didn’t believe him and now he’s gone, too!”
Cas had almost forgotten about that morning in Bobby’s office, the weird feeling from Dean’s large spell. He held his hand out eagerly.
“It’s called online shopping,” Charlie said. “But we’re getting off topic. You need to go over there and ask your boy out. Trust me.”
Dean just shrugged and walked past Sam towards the coffee machine. “I like it,” he said. “It even lights up,” he added, turning around to give Sam the double eyebrow raise.
noticed. How could I not notice, Jess? He’s my brother and I just—just let myself think the worst of him when really he was just trying to get by. And then I left him with our dad.” Sam shook his head and with a bitter twist to his mouth, added, “No wonder he hates me for leaving. I hate me, too.”
The creature roared out its last breath and Dean felt a moment of pride mixed with relief until the thing landed directly on him. The weight of the creature knocked the wind out of Dean as he felt himself sink further into the sand. Hopefully this thing would disintegrate soon so Dean could breathe without the crushing weight of a tiger monster on his lungs. Until then he had no choice but to wait and stare at that black dot in the sky. It wasn’t long before he saw someone fall out of it.
Charlie and Jo shined their lights on the figure standing between the trees in front of them as well. And there he was, standing the same as Ava, nonexistent breeze ruffling his hair.
Dean stared at them. They didn’t listen to Sam when he told them. They wouldn’t listen to him either. But he had to tell them something, right? He had to at least try.
“Totally likes you?” Charlie finished for him. “Yup. So I’m hoping you’re a little more Gryffindor—no, wait,” she held a hand out to stop him from saying anything. “I don’t want to know if you don’t understand that reference. I was half kidding before, but this one would truly break my heart. So, anyway, I’m hoping you’re a little braver than Dean and will maybe do something with this information that I have so lovingly imparted.”
“I’m not giving you the glass unless you have solid spellwork, and I know you ain’t giving Cas a shard of glass.”
Dean snorted. “Is that like a universal thing? Why is Hogwarts the first to come to everyone’s mind?”
“What the hell is wrong with you?” John asked him. “I haven’t even started the damn ritual yet and you’re already freaking out. That thing must have its claws deeper in you than I thought.”
“Okay, not going there,” Sam said, putting the picture down on a side table. A short silence followed before Sam cleared his throat and said, “I’m really sorry, guys.”
“They wouldn’t argue over that. Their colors are going to be blue and green, they’re both total saps.”
“Five minutes!” Gabe called as Cas and Dean both got out of the car. “I’ve got better places to be!”
Cas cleared his throat and looked back at his book. He could feel the heat of his blush rising to cover his entire face. “I—umm…”
He attempted to put some weight onto his left leg but even that tiny bit sent pains shooting from his knee. He gauged the distance between himself and the crutches. He could hop there, easy. Wouldn’t even break a sweat. He was in his thirties, not dead.
“Drop the head,” Cas told him. “Beheading only stuns him. If you want to kill it, you have to stab it in the heart.”
Fire finally out, Dean sauntered back over to Cas. “Yeah, yeah, I get it. It was hilarious. Please stop laughing.”
Dean groaned and lifted his head to shoot Cas a glare. “Must you always be the voice of reason? Can’t you just let me live in blissful ignorance for a little longer.”
Cas couldn’t see Dean anywhere. His wings beat on either side of him as he scanned the landscape. A large forest spread out beneath him, trees spreading all the way to the horizon, except for directly below him where a small lake lay tranquil. It made Castiel nervous to have so much cover for his adversary, but he and Dean had agreed it was a good plan. Not that the plan would matter if Dean didn’t show up.
He spent his day checking out the Chevy and making a list of the things he’d need to ask if Bobby had lying around in his scrap yard. After that he went and checked on Tracy, making sure her work was up to scratch (it was, and Dean promised to lay off on the hands on approach now that he was sure she was capable).
Cas tore his eyes away from the book to look around, wondering if Dean had lied about not getting together with Gabriel to pull pranks, because if that’s what this was, it definitely surpassed Gabriel’s usual levels of evil genius.
“Uh,” Dean rubbed the back of his neck as Sam slid onto the bench next to him with a knowing smirk on his face.
Dean let himself sink back into the couch with a loud groan. “Did you not hear me call moment over?” he demanded, but Sam just laughed and got up to give Cas a hand in the kitchen.
“Are you sure?” Charlie asked. “I mean…” She shot a look that was obviously supposed to be subtle over towards his dad before looking back at Dean. “There’s still an hour left in the workday.”
“What are you even doing with it?” Cas tilted his head to the side. “Ms. Harvelle didn’t give us any homework.”
Cas tilted his head to the side and studied Dean for a moment before replying, “Dean does share many similarities with Disney princesses.”
“Right,” she said. “Well, look, this is probably a little weird, but I’ve totally seen you staring at Dean—“
“Cas!” Dean shouted, jumping nearly a foot in the air, fumbling something in his hand before hiding it behind his back. “What the hell man!”
He claimed he was “going the extra mile” with the teasing and flirting and the wandering hands (oh god, the wandering hands—half of Cas’ time was now spent trying not to pop an awkward boner in public), and in all honesty he was selling the lie better than he could have hoped.
“And I am majorly, totally, butt crazy in love with you,” she said, leaning in and giving him a kiss. “But you’re still doing the dishes.”
Dean shrugged and walked over to sit on his bed. “I don’t feel like sharing with the class,” he said. “And god knows you can’t keep from going all Dr. Phil every time I so much as have an extra drink at dinner.”
“That’s crazy,” Sam said. “I wish I could do that, instead of staying up all night stressing about finals.”
Dean gasped, still trying to get his breathing back under control. Cas crossed the space between them in a few steps and sat down next to him, hugging him close. “Breathe with me, Dean.”
They stayed like that until a rather exuberant group of dancers bumped and jostled them out of their illusion of privacy.
Sam swung by the florist on his way home. He had sort of made it up to Dean and Cas for his drunken call to his father, but Jess had been witness to the whole messy debacle of him actually being a drunk jackass. He figured that a bouquet of mixed flowers (he could pick out a Gerber Daisy and the pink roses, but he had no idea what the others were, just that they looked nice together) could be the first step in what he was sure was going to be a multi-step apology.
“That’s just a fact, too, Cas,” Dean said, leaning forward to plant a kiss on his lips. “You are pretty.”
“Ah, Castiel,” Gabriel said when Cas finally appeared in the doorway to his room. “My favorite pain in the ass little brother.”
He spent about twenty minutes playing solitaire on his computer before he got bored enough to start on his paperwork. He was actually starting to make pretty good headway when Charlie told him over the intercom that he had a call.
“I know, I know, I’m sorry,” Dean said. “But hey—my dad is out of town this weekend. I was going to throw an awesome party and officially be crowned the coolest kid in school, but I guess I could cancel the fog machine and strobe lights and let you stay over instead.”
“Ooh, a DIY,” she said. “Color me intrigued. Unless it’s a paper heart with glitter. I mean, they’re alright, but Cas doesn’t strike me as the glitter type.”
Dean hung his head in furious resignation and allowed Max to lift Cas’ feet as he grabbed him under the shoulders.
“You want to have sex in front of other people?” Dean asked. “Because I gotta say, Cas, that’s pretty fuckin’ kinky but I think I could get on board.”
“You heard Bobby,” Dean proclaimed. “Now get your ass in gear. Cas is going to be hungry soon and I want to put some miles behind us before that happens.”
“Goddamnit, Cas,” Dean muttered, then with a raised voice added, “Why don’t we just tell the whole fucking world?”
But it was just a note. Sam picked it up gingerly by the corner nonetheless, and read in Dean’s untidy scrawl:
Sam narrowed his eyes at them, but ultimately decided not to mention it. Instead, he just turned the volume up, hoping to drown out the awkward silence.
Charlie led them to her living room. “Grab a controller,” she told them, waving her hand towards her PlayStation like she was inviting them to partake in One Eyed Willy’s treasure.
“Yeah, well I scared the crap out of me, too,” Jo replied as Charlie helped pull her to her feet. “I thought I felt something grab my arm and then my foot got caught in a stupid tree root.” She dusted herself off.
“You did the same for me, yet somehow I turned out with manners.” Cas cocked his head to the side in thought.
Charlie’s eyes widened in shock for a moment before she nodded. “Okay and in hindsight Sam assuming you’d keep your promise yesterday was really stupid, too. Maybe it’s not romantics, maybe it’s just men.”
He heard a grunt over the line. “Not all of us can have rich husbands that let us quit out day job.”
“He’s very happy for us,” Cas assured him. “Except for when he can hear us. Then I suspect he is quite frustrated.”
Cas turned around and deflated at the sight of Dean. “You’re right, I’m sorry.” He allowed Dean to pull him back to stand at his side. “Would you like to leave?”
Cas’ face paled as he turned to face his cousin. He resumed his desperate grip on Dean’s shirtsleeve.
“Not much,” she said, clicking over to the schedule. “Ash is coming in later to do the paint job on the Firebird, and the Mustang isn’t coming in until tomorrow now.”
“This is real, Dean,” he told him. “I suppose you could say it is a ‘dream come true.’” He bit his lips to keep his grin at bay while he waited for Dean’s reaction.
Much to Dean’s chagrin, their lunch date remained chaste. Although Cas did stay and help Dean with all of his work, which he supposed in the long run was more helpful (as long as Cas wasn’t kidding about his plans for home). They were done within the hour and Dean decided to forego checking out the Mustang and get his confrontation with Sam over with.
Sam nodded a few times and cleared his throat before letting out a weak chuckle. “You know,” he said, trying to keep his voice clear. “When I started this conversation, I was just trying to ask you if you were as surprised as me when you found out Dean was gay.”
Jo rolled her eyes. “I’m still not one hundred percent on this,” she said. “I mean, I’m still not one hundred percent on there actually
Charlie just laughed and plopped down on the seat next to him, flicking some of her bright red hair out of her face. “Oh, is it his turn to stare?”
“That’s still so weird to me, man,” Sam said. “I mean, I get it, I do. But I just never thought you’d give it up.”
Dean seemed to have noticed, because the next thing Cas knew, Dean was helping to support him with an arm wrapped around his waist.
“What’d I do this time?” Dean asked, leaning back in his chair and putting his feet up on the desk. Bobby liked to call at least once a month to berate him for something, which was really just an excuse to check up on him and let him know how everyone was doing. He was the only old hunting contact that he kept in touch with, even going so far as to take a few jobs from him when they were local. Although, that last bit was mostly his way of thanking Bobby for helping him get his restoration business set up and giving him good deals on parts from his junkyard. Dean had even chanced a few visits when Bobby had assured him no other hunters would be around. He hadn’t introduced him to Cas, of course. Bobby was way too smart to not notice something was up with him, but Bobby did know about him. Even going so far as to send him a wedding gift of Johnny Walker Blue. Dean may have teared up a little, but Cas promised not to tell anyone about it.
. Jess was right when she said that five years was a long time. But he didn’t think any amount of time could be
Sam rolled his eyes. “I don’t think Bobby was serious when he threatened to shoot dad, Dean. Besides, that was like fifteen years ago.”
Cas mirrored the sympathetic look back to Dean who just brushed it off with a shrug. “I needed him to take me to the auto parts shop anyway. I’d rather he get all of his disappointed yelling out on a fifteen minute car ride instead of the thirty minute one. Now it’ll just be awkward, disappointed silence on the way to get the parts.”
Dean sighed and took a step towards Cas, but Cas retreated, keeping the same distance between them. “Cas, I don’t even want you in that position—“
“Sorry,” he replied. “Here, I have an idea.” Dean shrugged out of his red and white letterman jacket. “How about you wear my jacket. The collar is big enough to hide it.”
Dean started giggling, thinking of all of the jokes he could make about Cas and his ass, but refrained from saying any of them. Bobby was like his father, after all. He didn’t want the old man to know too much about his sex life. “Oh yeah, he decided to wait five years into our relationship to finally try and take me out. He even married me just to lure me into a false sense of security.”
He swung his bat over his shoulder as he reached them. Cas had his own baseball bat, but he held his at his side like it was an extension of his own arm. Jo played with the knife they had managed to bless, flipping it from hand to hand, throwing it in the air in graceful arcs before catching it again. A nervous tic. And in Charlie’s tight grip was—
Dean shrugged. “Yeah, well. At least it’s over. And you know, the day started out good. Bobby gave us his blessing, scales and all. So it was just the middle that sucked ass.”
He peeked his head around down the hall, tightening his grip on the bat. Someone was rounding the corner. A short someone with floppy brown hair.
“Aw, come on, Cas. It’s romantic. Like Disney romantic.” He bumped Cas’ hip with his own. “I know you want to.”
“Great, now I’m getting nutritional advice from the guy who only eats fruit that’s baked into a pie.”
“Cas!” Dean said, looking over at his clock which told him the time was now twelve-thirteen. “Why didn’t you tell me!”
“You mean the crater I made after falling out of the sky ‘checking you out.’” He still sounded mortified, but his glow was returning to its usual soft levels.
“Cas, babe,” Dean said, walking forward and crouching in front of Cas, taking both of his hands in his own. “Please understand how serious this situation is. I know you think that human hunters are puny and lame or whatever, but you’ve never seen my dad when he’s on a mission.”
Charlie grimaced as she stepped aside to let her in the house. “Sorry,” she offered lamely. “We sort of forgot.”
Charlie just huffed. “You guys are lame. Where’s Sam? He’s the only one of you with good taste in women.”
Dean curled up on his bed, a tiny ball in the upper right corner. Ever since the djinn he’d been unable to reclaim his whole bed, no matter how hard he tried. He’d purposely make himself lie down in the middle, but within minutes he would drift to his side. Mornings always found him reaching out for a figure that was never there, had never been there.
He was pretty sure Cas’ adversary had taken on the form of a kraken or something; he couldn’t see it for the surprisingly murky water, but large tentacles kept coming at him from almost every direction, though they had yet to actually get past his machete and wings.
“Your dad was bound to find out sooner or later,” Jess shrugged. “He was always popping up sporadically when we were at Stanford. It was only a matter of time before he showed up here again anyway.”
was a little melodramatic, it was really just his dad and Sammy that he hadn’t seen in five years. But
Before their eyes closed for good that night, Dean made Cas promise him something. “Don’t let me forget about this, okay? Remind me every day, every hour if you have to.”
Dean could play the intimidation game, too. He spread his metal wings out behind himself in a pretty impressive display, if he did say so himself. Out of the corners of his eyes he could see the flames reflected on the blades of his wings. He’d never been so mad to not have a camera, not that he’d be able to bring the photos out of Cas’ dreams anyway, but still. Dean looked
Dean cursed loudly and swerved over onto the side of the road. “Are you fucking kidding me?” he demanded, trying to grab the phone back from Cas who dodged his attempts easily. “Dammit, Cas, hang up the phone!”
“Well, I’m kind of on a time crunch. I was hoping to avoid lengthy explanations like this one. Cas is kind of waiting for me.”
Dean sighed. “Look, I haven’t been paying attention in class because I’ve been writing to you, okay? I was just going over the stuff I was supposed to in class. Is that really that big of a deal?”
“No,” Sam said, coming to stand next to Dean. “You’ve kept me out of this long enough. I’m not going to stand by and watch dad try to ruin your life again.”
Cas narrowed his eyes at Dean and glared. “The only reason we’re sharing this bowl is because I am not cleaning up more than this dish tonight. Do not assume that I want to share my actual food with you.”
Sam was happy to have his brother back, and he’d take him whatever shape he was in, obviously, but he couldn’t help but wish that if he had to have amnesia that maybe it could have blocked out the worse parts of their lives. Give Dean a bit of a break from the guilt and all of the crap that came with the Winchester curse. Their lives were pretty stable now. Sure, they went on hunts, but only when they got restless. For the most part they lived a happy little life in the bunker—so why was it that Dean was never going to get more of the good stuff? He never complained out loud, really, but in the back of his mind he occasionally let go of a few choice curses for whoever had decided to add one more piece of crap to Dean’s already teetering heap.
,” Dean said, aiming for a smack to the back of Cas’ head which Cas easily ducked, huge grin on his face. “Just for that we’re getting a meat lovers pizza. None of those nasty vegetables that you love.”
They both turned to look at Cas, but he just shrugged. “Gabriel doesn’t really care what I do as long as it doesn’t lead to teen pregnancy.”
Bobby walked back over and planted both of his hands on Dean’s small shoulders. “Tell ya what,” he said, steering Dean towards the dilapidated looking building. It looked nothing like a school, but that was part of the charms and wards to keep out those that didn’t belong. “I’ll buy you your school supplies, and you hang back once a week in my class to help clean up. Everything’ll be paid off in no time. That sound good?”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” Dean said, stepping in front and bring his little group of friends to a halt. “You and
“I’ll go in first,” Cas said, striding confidently toward the doors which honestly looked like the most sturdy part of the building.
A hand on his chin prompted him to look up at Cas who’s blue eyes were boring into him. “I forgive you,” he said. “And I’m sorry as well.”
Dean spread his hands out over the light blue tablecloth, picking at coffee stain from that morning. Cas placed a glass of orange juice to strategically cover it up.
cousin who was sloppy and suddenly everyone thinks all that we do is go out and steal virgins. And I’ll have you know, all of them were consenting adults.”
Charlie clutched a dramatic hand over her heart. “Ignoring my personal heartbreak, for the moment,” she said. “Do you like Dean?”
Dean wiped the sentimental look from his face and replaced it with a grin. “Told you they were listening in at the door, Sammy. Did you see that synchronized entrance after we had a little moment?”
The hot guy sitting next to him raised a hand and Dean flinched automatically, almost unseating himself. Dean felt unbearably stupid when the man stuck his hands up in surrender. The guy was probably just trying to signal the bartender.
Cas took his hand and pulled him out of the janitor’s closet they had been hiding in and began to walk quickly down the empty hallway. He caught his reflection in one of the windows lining the hall and stopped dead.
Castiel looked up from his book when he felt a tap on his shoulder. It was Dean’s best friend, Charlie he believed her name was. His face paled a little. He knew she had caught him staring at Dean, now here she was to tell him to knock it off or else.
Sam gritted his teeth and decided to drive the rest of the way home in silence. He wasn’t mad at Jess, he was mad at himself. Because Jess was right. Dean wasn’t the person that Sam thought he was. Maybe… maybe he didn’t have the whole story.
He rummaged in his bag and pulled two skewers out, sticking fresh marshmallows on them and handing one to Cas who stared at him, awaiting instructions.
Cas took his hand back from Dean and shot him an icy glare of which Sam was glad to not be on the receiving end. “My stupid overprotective thing?” he asked, voice like ice.
“At least he doesn’t know what you are,” Sam said. “And honestly, I don’t think he’ll figure it out. Once he sees that you pass all the tests he’ll have to give it up.”
Dean sighed and rubbed a hand over his face. “Can’t you just be happy with the fact that we’re dating? And stop bugging me about it now, please?”
Sam looked back and forth between them all, but it seems Ava had finally had enough and marched down to where the three boys were. She grabbed the front of Sam’s shirt and began pulling him forward at an aggressive pace.
A hand on his shoulder forced him to turn and come eye to eye (more like eye to nose, if he’s being honest) with his kid brother. Who had apparently grown another foot since the last time Dean had seen him. Before Dean had completely registered exactly what was happening he was being crushed in a hug so tight that the fact that he had forgotten to keep breathing became a moot point.
Cas rolled his eyes. “Come on, he’s downstairs and has at least five bags with him. And no,” he cut Dean off before he could comment, “I don’t know why he needs so many for a four day trip. And no,” he held up a hand to cut off the question he could see forming on his boyfriend’s lips, “I’m not going to ask. I do not want to be scarred for life. Again.”
Dean dropped their duffel at the foot of the bed and then crawled over Cas to straddle his waist. He draped his arms around Cas’ shoulders and brought their faces close together. “I’m sure we can figure something out,” he breathed onto Cas’ lips.
“Do you…” He trailed off and began picking at the blades of grass beneath his fingers. Cas moved his hand the inch or so over so that their pinkies would brush together. It calmed Dean’s fidgeting and he took a deep breath and continued, “Do you think that stars are, like… people?”
“But that’s the thing!” Dean said. “I can’t remember living the same day over and over, but you’re stuck with me and you remember everything. Doesn’t it get boring?”
“My love,” Cas said, giving Dean’s hands a squeeze. “I’m not going to let you lose your brother again.”
“It’s my choice,” Dean said, then turning back to his struggling husband, “Dammit, Cas, stand down!”
“Hell yes we are!” Dean exclaimed, then blushed even harder when he realized his outburst had brought the attention of everyone else. He awkwardly cleared his throat. “Uh, yeah, Meg, we are. So you can leave now, thanks.”
“Ugh, can you two stop being gross?” Jo said from where she was sprawled across his floor, directly under an air conditioning vent. Her blonde hair blew with the never ceasing air.
Dean started laughing while Cas looked deeply offended. “I am not tricking Dean into being with me.”
Sam opened his mouth to say something, anything to wipe the sad look off of Dean’s face, but it was that moment that Cas walked up, pushing his aviators on, and said, “Ready to hit the road?”
He realized a few moments later with an unpleasant jolt to his stomach that Dean probably wouldn’t ever read his comment, since they were only sharing the book for the day.  Well, it was done now. At least Dean would never find out.
“Shut up, Sam,” Dean said, pushing past him to go and take Cas’ fancy actor chair with his name across the back and everything. “By the way, you are not invited to dinner with us.”
The bell rang loudly overhead and the slow shuffle of students began. Dean and Cas joined them as soon as Cas had reclosed his locker.
“Cas!” Dean said, getting out of the car himself and slamming the door closed in his anger. “Castiel!” Did Cas not realize how bad this situation was?
Cas shrugged. "I don't know what you're talking about, Dean." He kept his smile in place, this time making it look more demure.
Sam rolled his eyes. “I’ve seen you in worse situations,” he said. “Besides, I needed the element of surprise to make it in here. You’ve been avoiding me all week.”
Dean kicked Sam under the table, hard, and said loudly to cover Sam’s yelp of pain, “I think Jo’s mom needed her to help out with something before she could come and Charlie was caught up with some video game or something. They’ll be here later, though, so it’s not really a big deal.” Dean shrugged to play up the nonchalance.
“Hi,” she said to a gawky, goofy guy standing behind his podium. “Is there a reservation under Winchester?”
Cas grabbed a handful of Dean’s ass and squeezed. “You are dangerously close to not having sex today, Dean.”
Dean stared as the guy finally came into focus without any spots to mar his view, his jaw dropping slightly. Dean was only a few steps out of the closet, but he’d write an ode to this guy’s looks and recite it in front of the whole damn school. Hell, he’d even invite his family, homophobic ones included. The guy looked to be around Dean’s age, same athletic build. He was a couple hours past a five o'clock stubble and his eyes seemed to glimmer shades of blue from midnight to electric. His hair was effortlessly windswept, though that was probably because the dude just fell out of the sky. His clothes were weird, though. They were silvery and glowing (the whole guy was glowing, though, so that part wasn’t much more of a surprise), and they looked vaguely like medieval armor but streamlined and lightweight.
“I am when you’re not being ridiculous,” Cas said. “Besides, you were planning on a ‘detour,’ weren’t you?”
Cas snorted and made his way back to the car. “He can try,” he replied. “But there are only two things in this world that can kill me. One he’ll never find, the other he wouldn’t dare try.”
Dean groaned. “I forgot you were a little brother,” he said. “Dude, the monster is just something you tell your younger siblings to mess with them. It’s not real.”
Cas’ face broke out into a huge, gummy smile. Dean couldn’t stop himself from responding in kind, not that he’d want to.
“I was hoping you and Jo could distract him? Maybe get Meg and Hannah in on it? I mean, he’s not an idiot, he’s going to know I’m up to something,” Dean said as they walked over to where the pastries were. “But he won’t know what it is.”
Sam snorted that time, and finally spun around to face Dean. “And that would be a major tragedy,” he said. “How would you make out with your boyfriend?”
Dean dropped his bat and rushed over to try and pull them apart from where they were scuffling on the dirt. He grabbed Cas and pulled him up, horrified to see that the knife was sticking out of Cas’ shoulder.
Dean didn’t know what to make of that, but the dude just magicked him out of a giant crater so he was inclined to believe him. “Well, you’re going to love it,” Dean told him. “Take a seat and let me grab another skewer.” He fed another log into the flames to build the fire back up first, though. You couldn’t make s’mores without a campfire.
“I promise I’ll send Dean with some leftovers for you tomorrow,” Cas told her as she was ushered towards the door by an awkward looking Gilda. “And we’re very sorry all of this didn’t turn out normally.”
Sam snorted. He had had enough time by now to get used to Dean being married, and the thought of them being ‘friends’ after how many times he’s seen their casual kisses turn into full blown make out sessions was pretty ridiculous.
“Hey, that’s not fair,” Dean said. “I just want us to be safe, Cas. You’re the one who wanted the fucking bay windows at the front of the house.”
“Oh yes, because not only do I want to wear a button down shirt in triple digit weather, it won’t be conspicuous at all.” Cas rolled his eyes and sank back into the couch cushions in defeat.
Jo snorted. “Blame your brothers. They’re the ones that thought the whole thing up.” And with a swish of blonde hair she was gone through the classroom door.
“And—and why would that be?” Dean’s heart was beating so loud he was sure the whole school could hear it, each centimeter that Cas gained sped it up exponentially. He was sure it would burst right out of his chest like in all those muggle cartoons, but Cas just kept coming until his lips brushed against Dean’s.
