No. He wasn't going to let himself go there. Not until he was sure.
It had been days, and Dean was starting to think he'd lost his god damn mind. Novak had been religiously avoiding and ignoring him, only interacting with him in scenes. Something had been going on when he'd come into his trailer, he knew it. So why the fuck couldn't he figure out what, and why the hell couldn't he figure out Novak either? After four days of this, he was fucking exhausted, getting home and going straight to sleep after their later shoot day.
He couldn't stop the tears that began falling, no matter how hard he tried, and she immediately noticed. Pulling him into a gentle hug, she let him cry on her shoulder until he was out of tears. Standing back from her, he wiped his face and gave her a weak smile. She was more of a mother to him than his own, and he was pretty sure she knew that. Shaking his head slightly, he turned to the house again, feeling his chest drop out at the words there.
"No, no, she can't be. She's not gone, is she?" He asked, and Dean's renewed sobbing was his answer. Surprisingly, Dean felt Novak's arm wrap around him tightly as they sat there, and began to hear him sniffling as well. He could hardly blame him, Jess was incredible, even to people who weren't her favorite.
"Dean, I know it feels like shit right now, but you're going to be okay. You're easily one of the strongest people I know. If anybody can do this, you can," she whispered, patting his arm again.
Cas's face lifted immediately, and he nodded gently, as if he were trying not to spook Dean. Following Dean as he padded to his room, he stood in the doorway and waited. Dean dug through his pajama drawer for something that would probably fit Cas, chucking it at him as he began to change into his own pajamas. He heard Cas make a choked off indignant noise, seeming to have gotten the pajama directly to the face. Dean tried to laugh quietly, but he turned out to be god awful at that. Cas leveled him with a glare when he finally did look at him.
"Nine o'clock," Dean whispered, and he saw Charlie and Sam briefly glance over. Charlie gave him a small thumbs up, otherwise ignoring the two. Sam didn't acknowledge it, but he had certainly seen them.
Someone had taken pictures of the paint on his house, and it was apparently big news. It was Charlie that had text to tell him, and Sam had immediately followed up with indignant rage that only a brother friend could hold. Dean shot them a quick text back, wanting to let them know that the problem had been mostly solved.
"Because I think you're great," he answered.
"Fuck off, you god damn vultures!" He spat, but they weren't deterred. Shaking his head, he turned to go inside with the other people arriving.
Dean was panting, his face twisted in rage and covered in blood as he fought. Driving his fist into his opponent's chest, he managed to turn the tide of the fight and get the upper hand again. From there, it was all dedication. He kept hitting, letting the anger fuel him harder and faster. The knives in his hands moved steadily, and all too soon, he had his opponent pinned with a boot, knife in hand. With a final smile, he dispatched his opponent and looked up, laughing and sighing. He threw his knives away from himself and walked off, never hesitating. The screen faded to black after him.
Charlie glared and shook her head at him as they got out, but seemed to drop the issue. Jess smacked both her and Sam on the back of the head, grumbling about how they were loud assholes. They ignored this, which didn't surprise Dean in the slightest. They were always pulling some shit like this, but it was all in good fun. It was one of the reasons he liked being around them so much.
"Grub's here, assholes!" He shouted, sitting on the couch to start opening things.
Not a word said between them, Castiel left, and Dean sighed, exhausted and feeling better than he had in a while. That had been a really great way to release all the damn tension, not that he thought it would last. He knew better.
Despite the overwhelming support shown by fans, the news had spread like wildfire, and the articles with the picture in the headline were popping up within hours. Of course, this immediately meant that all of the homophobic people in the world gravitated to Dean's social media to harass him. The number of death threats he'd seen pop up in his comments alone was unreal. Charlie and Sam were raging about this fact, while Dean just felt... empty. He hadn't wanted to come out. Fuck, he hadn't even really known what he was yet. But now everyone knew anyway.
Dean shook his head as he turned on the water, letting the warm steam fill up the room as the water heated. Once the shower was ready, Dean turned to Castiel where he leaned on the counter.
He sank to the floor, clutching his arms to his chest and screaming in anger even as he let the tears fall. Why did Jess have to die? It wasn't fucking fair. She was easily the kindest and most loving of their little group, so why had it been her? Unable to stand how unfair it was, Dean stood, grabbing things off of his shelves and chucking them across the room and watching them shatter. He kept doing it until he ran out of nearby things to throw, then held onto the cabinet he'd taken the items from as he let sobs overtake him again. Leaning against the wall, he closed his eyes and took a deep breath, deciding to go back upstairs and distract himself.
Dean had gone to set on the day that marked three weeks from final day. That was, if they did everything on time. It was set to happen that way, and if they stayed on schedule, it would. Some of his only scenes left to film were their romance scenes that didn't involve any sexual content. He found his chest feeling odd after thinking about it, but brushed it off in favor of focusing on the work ahead for the day.
“Do you think it ever stops feeling like this?" She asked quietly, voice shaky with unshed tears. Her grip on her legs tightened as the tears began to fall down her face silently.
Texting the driver, he headed downstairs, only to see that not only was the driver already there, but had grabbed him coffee. Getting into the car, he cradled the coffee as it was handed to him, a soft sigh leaving him as he took a sip.
"I won't."
Dean shook his head and Cas grinned, loosening his grip and placing his hands on either side of Dean's head on the floor. Dean took a loud gulp of air, watching Castiel intently. Cad sped up further, his hair hanging down and his breath coming out in pants and gasps. Dean could hear him swearing lightly under his breath, and Dean was trying his best to be quiet as well. The sweat was a light sheen across Cas's body as he continued brutally fucking into Dean.
"Dean, how much have you been drinking lately?" She asked, an edge to her voice that he had heard his mother use when asking his father the same question. He hated knowing that she was using that, that she was right to.
And if he shuffled closer to Cas's sleeping form before dozing off, well, no one needed to know that.
In all red, his home read, "Dirty Sinning Fag!"
"Fuck, I thought we'd be doing that scene for the rest of our damn lives," he said, getting a laugh out of the group as they made their way off set to grab drinks and regroup. Chugging down some coffee he'd been brought, Dean rolled his eyes at Mikey as Tanya chimed in.
Moving to the kitchen, he decided to make a decent breakfast so that his stomach wouldn't feel as bad as his head did. As soon as the bacon started frying, Sam stirred to life, groaning loudly and covering his eyes. Jess then slowly woke, poking Sam's nose.
"Shut up, bitch," Cas said, leaning down to murmur in Dean's ear. "We wouldn't want any more rumors flying, now would we?"
"What the fuck do you mean, jealous? I thought you thought you were better than me, not jealous of me," Cas said, his surprise creeping into his voice.
"Get out! Get the fuck out!" He screamed, and Novak backed up quickly, darting out the door and slamming it behind him.
Fuck it, he wanted to play that game? Dean wasn't gonna just let him win.
After four days of this, Dean was nearly at his breaking point. Every sound irritated him, and he really just wanted to scream at everyone who asked him questions. He squashed the urges down, knowing it wasn't fair to them, but his body was shaking with everything he was bottling up as it threatened to boil over.
"So, here's the concept. The role they want you for is the protagonist in their story. The protagonist has no specific reason they do what they do other than a strong moral compass. The antagonist, however, has been personally slighted by the government and the citizens, who shunned them and covered up what happened to said antagonist. The protagonist and antagonist fight, but slowly, the antagonist gets to the protagonist, who begins to believe the antagonist over other people. In the end of the movie, the protagonist has been fully corrupted from their original stance, to the point of a romantic relationship with our antagonist. They end as a team, hell bent on destroying those who hurt the antagonist," Crowley finished, taking a deep breath. Dean had finished getting dressed during his speech, and grabbed his phone, moving to the bed. Whatever this movie was, it was fascinating, and he wanted in. It sounded big.
Leading Dean to the back area, he saw that they had a diagram of what scenes had what costumes for every character. Damn, they were good. Isaiah walked up to the board, looking at the list for the first scene and nodding, grabbing things off of shelves and handing them to Dean. Once he'd given him all the pieces, he let him into a small changing room at the back, making sure to tell him that they'd have to check and adjust the outfit for the scene before he could go to makeup.
"Hello?" Dean said quietly.
Realizing he'd arrived at his house already, he shook his head and walked inside, shutting the door behind him. By the time he got back, it was right around noon, and he decided that working out would feel nice. Not because he was angry and Novak as in his head. That wasn't happening. It was just because he wanted to do so.
The doorbell rang out loudly, making him jump. Had they come back? Fuck, he almost hoped they had so he could apologize for being such an ass. Standing, he walked downstairs slowly, opening the door. For the second time that day, Novak burst in. Dean really wanted to scream. Like, a lot.
Immediately, Jess went for the shower, ignoring Sam's indignant shouts of protest as he went after her. She got the door locked before he got there, and Sam hit the door, exasperated. Turning to Dean, he gave him what could only be described as a classic bitch face.
"Good morning to you too, asshole," he joked, and Cas just grinned again.
"We have work, dumb ass. We have jobs? And we have to go do them today?" He said again, and Cas finally heard him, groaning and flopping onto his back as he released Dean from the cuddle hold. Shaking his head at the dramatics, Dean stood and out his hands on his hips.
"What sounds good, Dean? I'm a pretty good cook, for all that's worth," he said, a sad smile finding its way onto his face. Dean sighed, leaning down and resting his head on his arms, which were crossed on the countertop.
"Getting laid, unlike you losers," Charlie said, walking in from the elevator. Snatching the plate that Dean had been wise enough to make her, she also sat down, and then Dean did the same with his own food. They ate in quiet peace, and then the gang all went on their separate ways to go home. Charlie went as well, despite having just gotten there. She always came for morning after party breakfast, as it had become a tradition. Dean cleaned up the dishes, flopping onto his couch again and taking a deep breath.
Looking around, he realized that he now had to clean up before he could go home. Groaning, he hit his head against the counter and cursed.
“Beat his ass, Sam," Dean said, leaving with Jess to go to the dancing area. Sam immediately did so, by the shouting when they left.
"I know that, asshole, but that doesn't answer my question," she shot back. Sighing, he ran a hand down his face as he turned to face her.
It took him an unreasonably long time to clean up, and by the time the driver got there, it was mid afternoon. On the way home, he decided to text the group chat and have his friends come over to hang out. After the day he'd had, he needed some friend time. Ordering food to his place as well, he sat back and relaxed, waiting to get home.
"Okay, so first you have to meet the director, then go straight to the costume department. From there, you're headed directly for the makeup department. Then we're getting right into shooting. There's gonna be a lunch break between the opener and the second film shoot, so you'll head to your trailer and settle your things in. Then we do the second shoot and you get out of here for the day," Crowley said, taking a deep breath as he tried to talk and keep Dean's pace.
"Jess was one of the people who lit up every room she was in. She was smart, funny, kind. A good friend, a good daughter, a good actress, and over all else, a good person." Sam paused to take a deep breath, and Dean saw him clench his hands slightly. "There was truly no feeling in the world like being around her, getting one of those smiles that made it feel like the sun was shining just for you. She listened to your problems, she comforted you in a way no one else could, and she was always there when you needed her. As kind as she was, she had a sharp wit and a wicked sense of humor," Sam said, taking a gasping breath as tears began to roll freely down his face. Dean was crying too, he realized. When had that happened? "There truly was no person in the world like Jess. I think she knew how much all of us loved her, how much I loved her. I can only hope that she gets the treatment she deserves in whatever afterlife there is, because what happened to her was not fair. There will always be a hole in the world where she was. Rest easy, Jess," Sam whispered, "you deserve that much."
Dean moaned loudly, arching his back to get a better angle. As soon as he did, Cas's thrusts got harsher, and suddenly each one was hitting his prostate dead on. Dean's eyes rolled back and he nearly screamed in pleasure, trying to match Cas's thrusts. Suddenly, that hand was back on his throat, and he held onto Cas's arm tightly as he looked up at him, strangled moans still getting through. Cas looked fucking off his rocker, but Christ did he look hot right then.
The outfit for scene one turned out to be ripped black jeans and an oversized gray hoodie, with a simple pair of black tennis shoes to match. There was a bracelet as well, which he put on with a little difficulty. Once he was sure he had everything, he stepped out, letting Isaiah do a once over and make some slight adjustments. He tucked one side of the sweatshirt just barely into the waistline of the jeans, then let Dean go after pointing him toward makeup.
They took their picture quickly, apologizing for bothering them and thanking them for their time. Dean told them not to worry about it, and they all said goodbye to them as they left. Jess smiled softly.
It seems that Cas had brought lube to this encounter, because his slicked finger began to tease Dean's hole without the drawer having been opened. Dean didn't know if that was something he really wanted to focus on, but had the decision made for him when Cas pushed his finger in and all of Dean's focus went immediately to the intrusion. There was no gentleness in the way Cas was stretching him. In fact, it felt like he was doing everything in his power to not snap and fuck him raw in his rage.
"I need to get home, but you promise me that you'll call if you need anything," she said, no room for argument in her tone. He nodded, then answered out loud when it was apparent that she wasn't satisfied with just a nod.
Walking up slowly, he cleared his throat, smiling at the people standing there as they turned. In all, it was two guys and three girls, Thomas excluded. Thomas turned as well, smiling brightly at Dean.
"Oh, come on now. You've gotta be faster than that," he said, and Dean rolled his eyes, flipping him off over his shoulder as he went to turn the water on.
"What the fuck is wrong with you?" He asked, not harshly. "You went after the guy?"
"And... go!" The stunt coordinator called out.
"Not to my knowledge, no. I just like to meet new people, if you're not opposed," he stated, a glint in his eye. Dean wasn't sure if that was acting or real. He didn't care to find out.
He woke not an hour later to the sound of his phone ringing. Groggily thumping around the couch until he found it, he picked up without looking at who had called. Cas was still asleep, at least. Thank god, because he had seemed drained.
He shook himself out of his reverie to give Novak an answering smile, as half-hearted as it clearly was. Laying back against the pillows, Dean stared at the ceiling and hated how he couldn't stop himself from thinking of Jess, of how badly he missed her. Swearing, he sat up and rubbed his eyes, trying to keep the tears that had already begun at bay. He felt an arm wrap around his shaking shoulders and leaned into the touch, wanting anything else to think about at that moment.
Immediately, they went for it. It was going surprisingly well, and Dean hadn't accidentally hit Castiel yet. Weirdly enough, they managed to get to the end of it without dying rather effectively. The stunt coordinator seemed impressed, nodding.
He didn't have to wait long until his phone buzzed again, and he took a long drink of his coffee as he read what Crowley said.
Dean leaned back on the headboard, running a hand through his hair and then hugging his chest as he looked over at her. He knew exactly why she asked. She asked because the emptiness inside of her chest where her love for Jess used to be threatened to consume her whole. He knew because he had that same feeling. But he didn't know the answer, as badly as he wished he did.
For the time being, he resumed his strategy of ignoring it completely. They sat that way for hours, Cas having curled his arm around Dean at some point as well. Finally, it began to get late, and Dean yawned loudly, catching Cas's attention. He looked down at Dean, amusement playing on his features. Quirking an eyebrow, he grinned at Dean.
Dean looked back up at him, expecting to see anger in his face. He saw concern instead, and was completely thrown off his rhythm. Why did Novak care so much? Seeming to read his mind, Cas sighed and uncrossed his arms, holding up his hands.
People were fucking cruel sometimes, and he knew that. But this was bullshit. He didn't deserve this, and he was so tired. So tired of everything going wrong. Running a hand down his face, he turned back to Jody, gesturing at the mess.
Giving them the okay to try the mock fight, the stunt coordinator stepped back, crossing her arms over her chest. Dean turned his head to Cas, shooting him a grin and getting one right back. They got in their starting positions, waiting.
In all of his life, he had never seen his friends move as fast as they did when food was involved. Within seconds, they were on the couch next to him, digging into the bags of food. Sam managed to hog the entire bag of bacon, inciting the rage of Charlie, who absolutely attempted to tackle him for it as he ran away. This resulted in Jess laughing and almost choking, which ended the game of running with food.
Opening his eyes, he turned his head over his shoulder to see Castiel's worried eyes on him. Sighing, he rubbed at his face with his hands again. Finally, Castiel broke his silence, all the while rubbing small circles on Dean's shoulder.
Giving his friends free reign of his pajama drawer, he stripped down to his boxers and threw on some random pajama pants. As he was getting into bed beside Charlie, who had settled herself in the middle, he heard a quiet sob rip itself from Sam. He turned to see what had happened, immediately wishing he hadn't.
"Hey, guys. Now that we've met once, are you ready to pretend we're all best friends?" He asked, laughing. They laughed with him, Erica chiming in.
It was a fairly simple opening scene, to be fair. Just some college friends hanging out and getting food to showcase the main character and his support from the start. There were a ton of extras on set, but they weren't exactly people he'd be spending much time with, so he focused on the main crew by Thomas.
As he finally did reach the trio, he threw his arms around Charlie and Jess and leaned in slightly, pretending to flirt. Sam immediately knew where he was going with it and rolled his eyes.
It seemed that Novak was having realizations, too, because he threw himself off of Dean like he'd been burned. Neither of them said a word, just stared at each other, not understanding what had just happened or why. Without a single word between them, Novak walked out the door, slamming it behind him.
It had been a long ass two days, even for him.
"Well, anyway, I ordered breakfast, so that should be here in the next half hour," Dean said, standing and stretching, wincing a bit as his head throbbed. "I'm gonna shower, you try to wake the dead over there."
"Oh, no. Do not smile at me with fake blood in your teeth," he said, pretending to faint when Dean snapped his teeth at him.
Groaning, Sam fished a twenty out of his pocket, handing it to Jess as he glared Dean down.
Cas clutched his chest like he had been shot, staggering backwards. He looked at Dean, betrayal on his face as he collapsed to his knees. Dean couldn't help but laugh at his dramatics.
The bathroom had filled with steam in the time since he had turned on the water, and he opened the shower door and stepped inside. Taking a deep breath, he tried to ignore how it shook when he released it. Basking in the warmth of the water and the little peace it was bringing him, he showered for far longer than he needed to, only getting out when the water began to grow cold. Turning it off sharply, he stepped out and wrapped a towel around his hips as he went out to his bedroom.
"Don't do that guilty shit, young man. You were having a hard time. You still are. But I'm here now, and we're talking, so there's nothing to feel guilty about," she said.
Dean woke the next morning to a rather ugly headache and several texts from his friends checking in. He'd gone to sleep as soon as he had gotten home, exhausted in just about every way possible. Now he was regretting not drinking some water and trying to eat something, because he felt fucking terrible. Sitting up, he groaned, rubbing a hand over his face. He really had to learn to drink less at these parties.
He remembered having Sam, Jess, and Charlie over, and they'd started drinking. At some point, more people had shown up. But right after the people started being in his house, his mind went blank. His bed was empty, which was a good sign. At least he hadn't made any regrettable sexual choices, not that he'd mind someone hot in his bed.
"How about you get out of these clothes so we can get into the shower?" He said against his skin.
Getting into the backseat of his car, he told the driver to head to the location Sam had given him. The driver had also clearly heard by his red eyes and shaky hands. Jess truly touched everyone she met, he supposed. Looking out the window, he remembered all of the things they had done since they'd met. Thought of her smile, her laugh, her cutting humor, and her kind advice. Thought of how he'd never get to see any of that again. Even as the view started to blur with his tears, he thought of her, wanting to immortalize her every quality in his mind before he could lose it.
"No more," he repeated, giving her a smile back.
They finished off the scene and then did a few more takes with minor adjustments, finally getting done well past lunch. Another scene was being filmed that day, but neither Dean or Novak were needed for it, so they went off to give back the costumes and get their makeup removed. Dean managed to keep his distance, getting away slightly before Novak did.
With no warning, Dean was on the floor, face pressed into the cheap tiling of the trailer on his knees and chest. Novak's hand didn't move from his head once, but he heard him undoing his belt and then felt his own pants being removed. God, he should be more concerned about this, but even pissed off, being manhandled was hot. He stopped fighting as much, not able to do much damage on his stomach anyway.
"You wanna act like an animal?" Cas spat, leaning in to Dean's face. "Fine, then I'll just fuck you like the bitch that you are."
Finding them quickly, he rolled his eyes, snorting. This wasn't anything more than the normal rumors, and no one had any evidence for any of it. He couldn't tell why Novak was freaking the fuck out. Maybe knowing that it was true this time was getting to him or some shit.
"I promise, Dean, they will not get away with this. We will do everything in our power to prevent that outcome," Cas said, resting his hand over Dean's own on the counter. Dean nodded, turning his hand to grip Cas's.
"Thank you, all of you, for coming to this event," he said, smiling brightly. God, this was so fake. He couldn't wait to leave. "This movie was a huge project of mine, and I truly hope you all enjoyed it. I am unfortunately needed elsewhere, but feel free to talk to the rest of the cast and have a wonderful evening," he finished, to applause and goodbyes from those near him. Smiling the whole way out the door, he dropped it from his face the moment he was out the door.
"Mr. Winchester? Your scene is about to start, are you ready?" An assistant called. Dean swore under his breath, shoving Castiel toward the bathroom as he answered back.
"I told you, you didn't deserve that. And you can still press your charges, but I wanted to handle it too," he said.
"Stay?"
Once he was fully turned, his suspicions were confirmed. None other than Castiel Novak was standing there, dancing as if he hadn't noticed Dean was there. The motherfucker always ruined his fun, wherever he went. He was a god damned cockroach.
Within a few moments, Castiel had regained his strength and was pulling away and out of Dean. Throwing the condom away, he got dressed as Dean shakily sat on the floor, watching.
"Jess..." he managed, falling back into sobs. Novak seemed to have gotten the point, though, as his breathing quickened.
Shaking his head as if that could clear his thoughts away, he was startled when he felt a hand on his arm. Looking up sharply, he relaxed immediately when he saw that it was Cas. He gave Dean a lopsided smile, and there was that dumb ass feeling again.
"So I take it that it was worth it," she joked, and Dean rolled his eyes at her and laughed. Heading for the door, he called back to her.
Dean was happy to do it again, letting the adrenaline and autopilot drive him as soon as she called them to action. It was a smooth fight, despite how dirty their characters would actually be playing to try to get the upper hand. Dean found himself relaxing into the role, acting as if he were his character even though it was a practice fight. He wasn't surprised to see Castiel doing the same. As much as they had always hated each other, Dean had always been forced to admit that he was a great actor. It didn't pain him to think nearly as much as it once had, but that wasn't the point.
"Dean, have you slept? Or eaten?" Castiel asked, and it was only then that Dean realized that he had not, in fact, eaten since his lunch the previous day. The loud rumbling of his stomach was enough of an answer for Cas, who pulled him upstairs after him and sat Dean down at his own kitchen bar stools. Turning to look at him once he'd gotten into the kitchen, Castiel leaned on the counter and softly spoke.
Dean shot a text to his driver to let him know they'd need picked up and to come here to get him last. Once that was taken care of, he went back into the group chat to see Sam and Charlie arguing over breadsticks.
He had six missed calls from Sam, four from Charlie, and at least seven texts. He felt panic setting in at why they were so urgent to reach him. Hurriedly getting dressed the rest of the way, he was about to call them back when Sam called again. Dean picked up, hands shaking, as he heard the bathroom door open again.
"I fucking knew it was!" She teased. "Now, more importantly, why the fuck was he here this early?"
It was only seconds before Cas had answered him, and he seemed to have been waiting for a response.
"Yes, it fucking matters, Dean! That's all I needed to hear to know that you're using it as a coping mechanism again. We told you last time to stop that shit, and I'll tell you again. You keep going down this path, and you'll end up exactly like John," she snapped.
Dean turned to face the tv again quickly, trying to choke back his tears. If Charlie noticed, she didn't let on. He was grateful that she hadn't mentioned it, because he probably would have actually started crying if she had. As it was, he had managed to stave off tears, staring blankly at the tv as a movie whose plot he didn't care for played on, unaware of the situation that it cast its shifting light on.
Dean let out an embarrassing whimper at the pet name, nodding his head frantically. But Castiel decided to be difficult, shaking his head.
A few hours had passed in that manner, and he had almost forgotten about the weird messages from Castiel when he heard his doorbell ring. Startling slightly, he got up and checked the camera to see who was there. After what had just happened, he wasn't taking chances.
"So, let me get this straight. You two made out a while ago, and then today, he came back and you ended up angry fucking? And it was pretty good?" She said, and Dean sighed.
"Don't give me that shit, Mr. I Know You're A Lesbian," she said, and Dean couldn't help it anymore. He burst out laughing, taking his arm off of Jess to lean over and laugh. Sam slapped his back, muttering under his breath about how "Dean did this shit every time and kept thinking it was funny." Dean chose to ignore that, but he did smack Sam upside the head as he stood all the way up again.
All too soon, the tv stopped distracting him, and he felt the tears coming back no matter how many deep breaths he took. Turning onto his back so that he was staring up at the ceiling, he let them fall again, the sound of Jess's laugh ringing in his ears.
Dean groaned, adjusting quickly. Before he knew it, there were what felt like three fingers working him open, and he was panting, scrabbling for any purchase on the smooth counter top but finding nothing. Suddenly, a hot wave of pleasure shot through him, and he moaned loudly, legs shaking.
"You've been avoiding me," he stated, and Dean couldn't help it. He laughed out loud, and it sounded cold even to his own ears.
"I said get out!" He screamed, standing up. "Both of you, get the fuck out!"
"I'm excited to work with you, Thomas. Now, where's the costume area? That's my first stop, I assume," Dean said, feeling Crowley's eye roll next to him without looking. Dean grinned slightly, always enjoying pissing off Crowley. He was too moody, he made it more fun than it should be.
Going over to where he'd left it on the nightstand, he realized it was Crowley and groaned, answering and putting it on speaker. Immediately, Crowley started rattling his mouth off, and Dean just sighed as he took the phone with him over to the closet.
freaking badass.
Fireworks exploded in Dean’s gut, frantic and joyous, but he managed to tamper them enough to compose himself, even while discomfort radiated off his best friend in tangible waves. He hoped he could soon abate them, if only he could successfully trudge through the swamp of feelings laid bare before him.
untangled his legs from behind Dean’s heaving back.
I mean, not the... y’know…” he made a vague flapping gesture. Dean’s frail attempt at humour had failed spectacularly, thanks to Cas' brutal literality.
Dean sighed deep into his bones as he dumped the bread he never got last night into the toaster and poured himself a cup of blissfully hot coffee.
' - because the angel is apparently on a roll with his dirty metaphors today - and bolts.
“Please tell me again, then,” Castiel asked, “I’ll believe you this time.” By the time he leaned in, Dean was already there to meet him.
After a fruitless half hour of nervous meandering through the Bunker, Dean finally found Cas outside on the roof.
...It was a damn good thing he loved her.
Dean might occasionally have proven dense when dealing with Cas’ confusing signals, but he wasn’t obtuse enough to ignore the way Cas’ arms had squeezed in ever so slightly, or how there was now a gentle scuff of stubble pressed to the joint of his neck as they wafted on the breeze, to and fro. His heart swelled, and not just from the height. But before he could deal with any of this, with the heat in his gut, with the dizzying throb of hunger and affection in his heart, he had to know. Had to hear it. Dean liked things simple. Killing, screwing, eating, driving, he liked it all as straightforward as possible, even though his association to Cas was anything but.
Thoughts whirling, Dean did his best to refocus on the topic at hand. He nodded. This wasn’t an enigma he’d ever come close to solving before, and he certainly wasn’t going to tonight. He plodded onwards.
“It was worth it,” the Cas’ steadfast voice responds, dispelling the sea of red flooding his vision.
In fact, the angel grabbed at Dean’s entire face with all the subtleness of a vice, angling his head to and fro with spine-crunching intensity under his scrutiny. Dean wasn’t a Hallmark guy by any stretch of the imagination, but this was a bit rough even for him.
“I’m sorry,” Castiel laughed. It was such a rare and gorgeous sound that it caused Dean to turn back towards him with a mirroring smile of his own. It only widened when Cas reached over and cupped his jaw in gentle invitation, raw wonder alight in his eyes.
Grimacing, Dean smacked him lightly on the shoulder.
.” Dean’s expression hardened. So much for sympathy.
“The funny thing is,” Cas continued, “I don’t even know who to ask for forgiveness, anymore… or if the weight of my sins can even truly be forgiven.”
This was originally the last chapter. I did continue this fic, but I'm still hesitant because I feel it's sufficient as is. (Cheese overload, haha). It was meant to be a short, intense vignette in the middle of the night. A blip on their radar, I guess, that could have happened "between the lines". The rest I've written for this goes beyond that, but has no definable end yet, so for all intents and purposes, this is the end. I hope you enjoyed the angsty fluff-fest, and apologies for any inconsistencies/cliches. I'd be delighted to hear what your thoughts were. Thank you warmly for reading! Cheers!
“They… could use some air,” the angel explains simply. He stands still, taking up a post beside the low couch he has found. Dean knows it isn’t very cozy, but Castiel doesn’t confirm. He waits patiently as he has always done, for a thus far unspoken invitation.
the flames of Hell trying to rip it from my grasp, well… it is indescribable even in all the languages I know. To feel it resonating within me, to hold it so close again was wondrous. That’s why. You probably felt my joy at the experience of it, which might have spared you from the less pleasant effects of the transfer."
“I’m alright, but thank you. That’s kind of you, Dean,” Cas interrupted.
“We’ll find the summoning ritual as soon as we get in. I already called Cas when you were out and he’s looking through the library now. He DID ask
Cas launches a perplexed, tilty-headed look at him. Dean would usually feel fond at seeing the old, familiar gesture, but he’s too overwhelmed by the feathered spectacle that the angel is being so infuriatingly laissez-faire about.
“I suppose I was hoping you’d correct me,” Cas returns, a little breathless himself, but smiling wider than Dean has ever seen.
“Well, as you said,” Cas sighed eventually, the resignation evident in his tone, “you got to me in time.”
“I told you before, I don’t give a crap about your war, it’s none of our business,” Dean flared coldly. He was fully aware of his astronomical douchery levels, and feeling more than entitled to them. “The only reason we ever help you is because it’s
“He’s in his room. He uh, doesn’t want to be disturbed right now, Cas. Trust me.”
. A grown-up one too, by the way.”
“If I could, I would have of course...but.”
just shifted beneath his very soles, leaving him raw and disoriented. And more than a little turned on, but that was kind of a moot point around Cas. Even so, he chose the worst possible question. Obviously.
Dean stared at him incredulously for a few moments before shifting into sarcasm.
“Gave me a goddamned heart attack you asshole.”
“It seems to
Cas teetered like a buoy in rough seas, but managed to stay upright somehow. Dean suddenly wished that his brother and his gigantor nerd brain were here to lend him a freakin’ neuron or two, though he figured Sammy 2.0 was probably sandwiched between a pair of bosom buddies with dessert-themed names by now, given his recent tendencies. Besides, Cas’ needle looked like it had dropped from quarter tank to empty in the last 30 seconds. He’d deteriorated so fast Dean’s head was spinning, and he doubted Sam would even get there in time..
Dean broke out of his stupor to huff out an incredulous laugh. He was aiming to bitingly inform Cas that he was
. You said he’d been wounded. I’m going to heal him,” the angel insisted sharply.
“You must understand... yours is the brightest, most beautiful soul I have encountered in all of Creation. It calls my Grace to it even from the darkest of places. I know its brilliance by heart, and being able to touch it… to have you offer it freely
Compared to the glimpse of wings he’d spied last night, this version, freed from the dusty motel room filter, was freaking spectacular and was pretty much wiping away any coherent thought he had. The wings moved like enormous, slow-motion sails attached to Cas’ back, floating idly on the breeze, curving towards the emerging sunlight. The entrancing vision was only enhanced by their contrast to Cas’ lightly bronzed skin, which shimmered faintly with sweat and rippled with the practiced movement of lean muscles beneath. Dean soon found that exactly
“The war in Heaven is of dire importance, Dean… but nevertheless, I promise will do my best to help you find out what’s wrong with Sam. Because you were right, and I do see it. There is something….
? You couldn’t have chosen a better allegory?” Cas grunted. It seemed his attackers had spared his precious sass.
Cas ever
“Fuck off, I’m not under the spell anymore, dammit!” Dean groused, squirming aimlessly. Castiel finally released him, his features clearing.
“Well, I would prefer to-”
Dean could only huff a bitter laugh to mask his sudden terror at the idea that he’d misread the situation entirely. He’d been so certain he’d seen something in Cas’ expression too… in this instance and in others before, but maybe it was just the wishful thinking of one forced to the breaking point of a decade’s worth of pining. Either way, Dean had been on edge for hours, and brittle and tired as he was, he figured this was as good a time as any to throw himself off the proverbial cliff.
. Dean was used to being burdened. His entire life as a Winchester had been a smothering, burning blanket of impossible responsibilities imposed on him from far too young an age. While not always thrilled about it, he’d met fate with the pigheadedness dictated by his DNA, alongside Sam and Cas. They’d won as much as they’d lost, and by
actually. You were right. But I can’t exactly see you and well, I just… I...there’s some things a guy has to say face to face, you uh… you get me?” he sputtered, cursing himself for his lack of eloquence. “We … we gotta talk for a minute, man. On land, so I don’t accidentally ruin the upholstery mid-sentence.”
It figured that the angel would make with the ridiculously sexy voice stuff only when he was about to explode, or whilst holding Dean in a death drop over an incredible sunrise.
“I rotate between the pairs I manifest,” Castiel reveals wryly, “So you might be forgiven for assuming that. Having three pairs out at once is taxing, especially given my current state. But when the sun is out, I have found that it feels…
Distantly, he’s aware of a familiar ache between his legs that he’s certain must be obvious, but Cas doesn’t panic. Nobody does in fact, and isn’t that something, he thinks.
He watches the wrinkled expanse of Cas’ graciously turned back instead, trying to figure out what response would be appropriate.
After a fitful night’s rest, Dean donned the most casual approximation of “aggressively blasé” he could muster before facing his brother in the kitchen. Predictably, Sam countered with his patented “concerned smirk” at him (honestly, how did he even-), but Dean cut him to the quick.
At this reminder Cas’ expression faltered, and Dean cursed himself for the faux-pas. There was silence long enough for Dean to wonder if he should just cut his losses and leave. His feet unconsciously shuffled backwards, but he stopped himself at Castiel’s crestfallen look.
“Can it, Sam.”
“Dean, are you sure you’re alright?”
“Cas, hey.”
Cas nodded and shuffled to extricate himself from the scratchy motel blanket. He scooted to the edge of the bed nearer to where Dean stood, rooted in molasses. It was still strange to see the angel sans tie or coat, not to mention without socks, but it was a much better look than the one in which Dean had been forced to leave him.
have raised about a million flags by the time Dean peered down at him in wait.
noticed. He’d
Though the younger Winchester trusted Castiel with his life, for a split second Sam was certain the angel was going to smite him on the spot. Cas’ already legendary rebellious streak seemed only to magnify a hundred-fold in all matters Dean-related, after all. Fortunately, the thundering expression faltered a moment later as the angel seemed to remember himself. A familiar look of forlorn uncertainty painted his features instead.
If Bobby’s description had been any indication, Dean had expected his ribs being cracked apart beneath him, his shuddering insides to be twisted at the blistering light thrust upon them. He’d expected to be devoured by Cas’ terrible aura while his heart was being sucked into a vacuum, being swallowed by a black hole personified. In short, he’d expected the usual horrors which were wrought unto mortal flesh by the awesome, soul-pulverizing effects of Heavenly power. He’d been exposed to the deafening, otherworldly scald of it many times before, starting all the way back when Cas only knew how to speak “ear-shatteringese” and had seemingly attempted to scour a greeting directly onto his brain in that post-resurrection gas station.
,” Dean recited cheekily against Cas’ lips, his heart pounding, before Cas endeavoured to shut him up.
,” Cas interrupted but Dean ignored him, because he knew
Dean felt a surge of satisfaction as Charlie glanced over and raised her brows in surprise at the queue of
“JERK,” Sam reaffirms, flipping to the next page as Dean storms off.
“This is still kinda freaky, man,” he mused, gently stroking the soft expanse.
. We're gonna fix this.”
extricated his arms from around Dean’s shoulders….and
Dean swallowed, steeling himself.
“Try me.”
, as you say,” he assured tersely. “And I am
Fingers wove themselves into his filthy hair next, and any further attempts at conversation or
,” Dean bellowed from the floor while the twin shadows arched majestically overhead.
His fatigue was an ever-present truth barely worth noticing anymore, but it sometimes crept up and startled Dean when he looked hard enough. His viridescent eyes seemed foggy and red that night (and not just because of the booze). They were haloed by far more lines etched into his tan skin than he’d anticipated; markings earned through blood that recorded long decades of encounters with dark things. Speaking of, he began with wiping his face clear of the Pollock-like spatterings of red marring his face. Seeing his features re-emerge from beneath the gruesome war mask made him feel fractionally better, even though the myriad of cuts still disrupted the boyish freckles. Sighing, he painstakingly peeled up his formerly white t-shirt and winced a little at the sight. He was covered in all manner of scratches and bruises thanks to those fanged emo tweens.
“No… no that’s not it.” He swallowed, trying to compel the mess in his brain into something more cohesive, but the immensity of the experience was hard to parse. So was this delicious closeness, veiled in the soothing privacy of shadow. His fingers had laced themselves around Cas’ by their own volition, and he realized he’d been holding them to his chest, tight.
“Hey. See anything up there?”
“I didn’t quite anticipate this but….it would seem that my hold on my vessel is weakening,” he returned casually. “The spell’s unfortunate side effect of forcefully manifesting my wings seems to be taking up most of my depleted strength and-” Castiel halted to catch his breath which in itself, was an incongruous notion.
“It’s a gift,” Cas insisted.
meant. He was angry after all, but not dead from the waist down. Right? Right. Totally normal reaction.
“I’ll call Bobby - I’m sure he’s got some lore on anti-angel magic and-”
this apology is going well, he thinks sourly. He’s already resorted to quasi-yelling and name-calling. Maybe he oughta really cement his expression of regret with a punch to the jaw. Not like they haven't been
“Oof, any more toxic and your masculinity is gonna warrant a hazmat suit,” she jeered.
“Uhuh. I’m just saying, I was worried. You were in a pretty bad way, man.”
Just as Sam breaches the staircase leading into the bunker, Dean pipes up.
It’s barely satisfactory, but Dean nods all the same as one of the wings gently wraps around his shoulder in an impossibly soft caress. He’s sure they’ll butt heads about this again, but for now, he’s sick of arguing.
“This isn’t funny. I am needed up there,” Cas snapped bitingly, his eyes closing. “I should be
“Aside from the fact that you’ve got me hanging mid-air 100 feet off the ground? Not really, no.”
“That ‘soul train’ we got on back there…”
Man-crush aside, Dean was dismayed at what he saw. Cas seemed drained beyond all measure. The bags under his vessel’s eyes were so dark and cavernous they almost seemed contused, while the thin lines pulling at his expression were engraved so deep that the gravity of his face had increased tenfold. The heat lighting his core had all but evaporated, regardless of
This time, Dean made no effort to quell the desperate whine that surged from his throat. The angel had him ensnared in his trap, and he felt his tangled insides begin to fall away from the gaping wound of his offer.
Dean swallows hard.
“Oh,” Cas said solemnly. He looked as though he’d come to some deep conclusion that Dean feared more than a den of freshly-hatched vamplings. “Thank you.”
“Sorry Cas,” was Sam’s sheepish reply. “Dean uh, well, this is sort of a last resort.”
Because almost more fascinating than the display of gigantic onyx wings, was the expression the angel wore, flushed pink with the telltale signs of exertion. Clearly, as punctuated by Cas’ heaving chest, there were more than a few humanizing vestiges left over from the spell. As such, there was no way Dean could prevent the curl of his lips at the uncharacteristic sight of Cas sticking his tongue out in some unconscious show of gargantuan effort. Seconds later, the noble wings flapped strong and steady, a stunning vision in their own right... only to fling Cas across the small clearing like a dust bunny.
“You should rest,” Castiel surmised wisely, arctic gaze lingering as always. He released Dean’s teetering crown. The wings flared slightly.
“Boom. Gone. It was never here,” Dean pronounced, “Okay?”
Dean rested his elbows against his knees and worked at the copious knots at the back of his neck, mostly for lack of anything else to do in the awkward silence. He couldn’t remember the last time Cas had stayed so long, and it was ironically unsettling.
, no matter what. Okay?”
” Cas mutters, squeezing at the bridge of his nose.
“Aside from you, Sam and the owner, there is only one other guest here, and they will remain unconscious until I am
“I’m so fucking sorry, Cas.”
” the angel begins, and the finality in his tone informs Sam that his poor, whipped older brother is just done for, “that there are a great number of things you once thought
there when Dean woke up.
“Are you trying to give me a heart attack? You’re way too gutsy for a guy who just learned how to do this five seconds ago!” Dean whined, his eyes somehow having closed again.
. We’ll get to the bottom of it.”
Dean grinned, but a faint trace of melancholy crossed his features.
alright?” the angel asked him first, very carefully, quite deliberately
show him who was boss.
, for lack of a better word.” The great black wings quivered a little to highlight the remark, while Dean couldn’t help the slight swell of pride at the use of the term. That definitely wasn’t something they taught in angel school.
Cas’ hands stilled.
“Just for a moment,” he ordered quietly, “stop resisting.”
Dean simply leans in, gently cupping Cas’ face like he always seems compelled to with the angel, and Cas kisses him right back, easy as anything.
“You’re sure. It worked?”
Sam’s eyebrows made an attempt for his hairline, but Dean felt no satisfaction. He crossed his arms and leaned heavily on the counter, toast forgotten.
It didn’t really help matters any when the broken angel let his unkempt head fall against Dean’s stomach without any warning.
“CAS!!!??! HAHA CAS, VERY FUNNY, LET ME GO,” he
“No.”
“Ow! Cas what the hell are you-”
“I’m sor-”
“Okay well… maybe I don’t,” was his brilliant counterpoint.
“Okay okay, I don’t need the play-by-play, I get it,” Dean interrupted. “I’m sorry Cas.”
“You’re injured,” was Cas' placid reply, instantly felling Dean’s tirade.
He’s about four beers in after all, though at this point they’re warmer than the bath. It’s oddly fitting to his state of mind; halfway to numb, even though the pain crippling his body is barely buoyed by the hard water. He knows he’s lucky to feel it at all, but can’t find it in him to be grateful right now.
“Takes one to know one, I suppose,” Cas finally says in his usual deadpan, betrayed only by the tiniest grin. “But thank you, Dean.”
Cas’ head had just been hovering. Dean struggled to see his angel like this. Cas’ strength was something he and Sam had always taken for granted; an infinite force as permanent as gravity, as infallible as the sunrise; the angelic Ace in his back pocket.Though Dean shamefully realized that he hadn’t bothered lately, to check up on the state of the deck, as it were. Of course, he’d had his reasons, namely the considerable distraction of Sam acting like the lovechild of Lor and Jack Torrance, but still. Cas was family to Dean, and he’d let the chip on his shoulder prevent him from checking in because he’d been too busy feeling self-sorry, and slighted to want to know. He’d failed Cas, on the most basic premises of friendship and brotherhood - notions that were foundational to his otherwise ramshackle existence. It was even worse when he realized that in his weakest moment, Castiel, Angel of the Lord, had deliberately sought refuge alongside
“...Yeah?”
The lazy jerk finally stirred. He gurgled and choked awake, his impossible blue eyes striking Dean’s face like annoyed lasers. His expression seemed to show more irritation than any real suffering, though even that was saying something for the usually stone-faced angel. He had to be hurt pretty bad.
"I'm- fuck, I'm c-close," Dean managed to stutter out, and Cas only went harder, causing Dean to moan so loudly he was sure the whole set could hear. Within thirty seconds, he came hard, his whole body shaking as he did. He heard Castiel swear and then collapse over Dean, holding himself up on the counter.
"Say it," she said, and he scrunched his nose in confusion. Without missing a beat, she filled him in. "Say that Olive Garden breadsticks are superior to other bread."
"Shit," she said, uncrossing her arms and landing her hands on her hips. "Promise me you won't be a bitch to anyone else there just because you're mad at him."
"I'm not sure," he finally answered, a deep and shuddering breath wracking him as he tried to keep the tears at bay again. "I hope it gets easier, but I can't promise that it will. The only thing I can promise is that this means that we loved her, and loving her was worth the hard parts."
"Stop the car," he demanded.
Sighing, he moved over to the couch to sit, not bothering to hide his limp. Charlie cheered loudly, getting a head shake from Sam and a laugh out of Jess.
Jesus, they always got out of hand when they hung out, but god damn it, they were fun.
"Sam?" He said, voice shaking. He could hear Sam gulping and crying on the other end, and his heart dropped through the floor. "Sam, what's wrong? What happened?"
As soon as he got home, he headed up to his room, deciding to lie down and take a nap, see if that cleared his head. Curling up in his bed and wrapping himself tightly in the covers, he shook his head and sighed, whispering to himself.
Fuck, this was getting complicated. He would worry about that later. For the moment, he would focus on grieving his friend and preparing himself for the funeral. Shaking his head slightly, he settled closer to Novak, ignoring the complicated thoughts in his head on the matter. Instead, he let himself just be. After all, he would have plenty of time to worry later. He needed to save his energy for those situations where he could.
Dean gave him a watery smile, pressing a kiss to his lips as they stood in his entryway. He was so focused on what was happening, the moment he'd never thought would come, that he almost missed the sound of the camera shutter from outside his window. Turning his head sharply, he just caught a flash of someone with a camera running off. He whipped his head back to face Castiel, eyes filled with terror as Cas seemed to freeze, staring out the window slack-jawed.
Finally snapping out of it, he saw Castiel still staring out at the window with that stupid fucking look on his face. Dean knew it wasn't fair, but he was pissed at Castiel. Why did the asshole have to come over here? God, he needed to go, right then. Before Dean decided to kick his ass.
Within moments, Charlie was flying through the door to the stairs, Sam slightly behind her. Both of them wore expressions of worry, Charlie's tinged with something that looked like rage. So clearly, they had also seen what had happened.
"Do I know you?" Harris asked, setting his coffee down as he looked at the stranger. The stranger laughed and shook his head.
But then, he saw Castiel's eyes flick to his lips, just for a moment. Smirking, he walked backward lazily, waving dramatically with one hand as Castiel stood there and stared him down.
"Out with it. What's wrong with you?" She said, never one to dance around the point. He chuckled, letting out a sigh.
"You go throw your temper tantrum, Winchester, and I will feel free to enjoy your party!" He laughed, disappearing back into the building. Dean took a deep breath, then slammed his fist against the wall and took a deep breath. Once he was slightly calmer, he continued his walk to the car, wishing more than anything that he could just punch the son of a bitch and let off all the steam he caused.
"You got plans tonight?"
He didn't bother to cook anything, just grabbed some leftovers from previous takeout nights and heated them up. As they were cooking, he felt his phone buzz in his pocket. His eyebrows furrowed as he fished for his phone in the pocket of his pajama pants. He made a triumphant noise and relaxed his face as he found it, only for his eyebrows to go right back to their previous position when he saw what the message was about.
Settling in with a blanket, Dean grabbed the remote and turned on a random movie. Glancing over, he noticed that Cas was still at the counter, not seeming sure if he was allowed to follow. A small nod from Dean was all it took to get him to come over and settle next to Dean, who immediately leaned on his shoulder and let himself be wrapped in those arms again. He was sure that under normal circumstances, he would be mortified by this behavior. But these were far from normal circumstances, and he found that he didn't particularly give a shit.
"And... three, two, one, action!" He called.
Wiggling his eyebrows, he leaned toward Dean. Putting his hands on Dean's shoulders, he looked him in the eyes in what was probably supposed to come off as a stern look. It wasn't working, considering how hard he was trying not to laugh at the same time.
"Who the hell do they think they are?" Cas spat, mixing the contents of the bowl so quickly that they almost spilled. "Do they really think that they'll get away with this? We won't let them, and neither will her family or the millions of people who loved her." With that, he whirled and put the contents of the bowl into the pan on the stove, mixing it a bit before turning back to Dean.
"Charlie, can you believe this shit?" She asked, and Charlie shook her head without looking away from her game.
"Alright, fill me in," Dean said, rolling his eyes at Crowley enthusiastically beginning the rundown. He always did this, waiting until Dean asked for dramatic effect.
He leans in and places the most reverent, gentle (and well-aimed, for good measure) kiss he’s ever mustered upon Cas’ lips. He can only hope it’s enough. It’s a soft, short-lived affair, but it fills him with such light he can barely breathe.
They're
“M’just gonna clean up,” he announces, attempting to steer his deplorable weakness towards the safety of the bathroom.
Obviously, Dean hadn’t exactly pictured their momentous denouement crowned with morning breath and sleep-crusted eyes, but if the endless years of tension were finally going to come to a head on a random Wednesday, he’d take it. He was in. 100%. All engines g-
“You...deserve better than me losing my grip like this… than me, period.”
Now, as he threw a mangy duffel onto an even mangier motel bed, that brief sliver of peace felt alien; a distant exit long past in the rearview mirror. He was back in his element: Exhausted, every nook of his body caked with dirt and a nest’s worth of vampire blood, and of course, absolutely crushed with the isolating burdens of his ensnarement between the violent wills of heaven, hell and every dark, slithering realm in between.
“Stupid magic arrow or not, it’s always been you, okay? That’s what I’m saying. And I know I’ve been a scared, unworthy piece of shit Cas - still am - but, I want to try, if you do. I just… never thought you did. Or could.”
All at once, Cas gave an almighty wrench and hoisted Dean up to his chest. Dean did absolutely not yelp - he didn’t - nor did he throw his arms around Cas’ neck in blind, petrified horror, screwing his eyes shut and shoving his face into the angel’s neck. In fact, now that he was plastered against him like the caramel on a candy apple, he’d
A trembling sigh escaped him, and his hands instantly retreated to the back of his neck as he stood immobile, looking like he’d seen a ghost, or whatever it was that actually could freak out a hunter. Apparently this involved frazzled, doe-eyed warriors of the Lord and their criminally-smoochable lips. And oh yeah, transcendental soul-sex or whatever the hell
He wasn’t born yesterday, dude.” Then Sam dons that smarmy, all-knowing smirk of his, and Dean knows damn well by now to brace himself.  “I mean don’t get me wrong:  your coddling is
“Of course it is,” Dean smirked.
He’s in the middle of an amused smirk when he realizes that’s probably one of the biggest lies he’s ever told - and he’s a prolific liar - but he’s nevertheless devoted to maintaining decorum if need be, for the sake of the angel’s dignity. Dean is a gentleman, after all. Sort of. Cas thankfully, just rolls those big blue eyes at him from above rosy cheeks.
There’s a pang of disappointment that rolls through him as the sweaty, angelic groundskeeping fantasy crumbles, but he resigns himself.
He was thankful that his hunting habits were providing something to talk about to fill the imposing silence.
In guise of response, Cas stared at him in that pissed-off-owl sort of way he did sometimes. Dean suppressed the treacherous warmth he felt at the sight. So it always went.
Dean grimaced, and before he could reason the reflex away, he insolently pinched one of the feathers. Was it immature? Yes. Was it a petulant little gesture compelled by his juvenile, bullheaded need to always have the last word?
It made him feel like a bit of a teenage girl, but Dean couldn't suppress the bitter squeeze of disappointment at the idea that maybe he really was nothing more than a tool in the angel’s arsenal. In true Winchester fashion, childishly storming off from a rising tempest of gnarled emotions seemed appropriate. Cas could sit there and stew in his temporary, stinky mortality if he wanted, but it’s not like Dean had to stay there and be reminded of all the ways in which he, a mere shit-kicking primate, was his inadequate last option for company.
Dean’s eyes stung, and his shaking fingers curled bruisingly into the angel’s thigh as he vainly struggled for composure. He knew he was allowed to come undone here. Cas had helped him painstakingly carve out this tiny, precious safe space for him over the years, but four decades of hard wiring against any spark of vulnerability was difficult to untangle on his best days. This was definitely not one of those.
and Dean was screwed.
Another pause, and words were whispered against his lips that shook him apart.
Dozens of questions whirred through the hunter’s brain all at once, most notably involving why there was extensive damage to Cas’ Earthly vessel if the war was going on in
“Alright, fine…..”
Still, because Dean could never let himself have nice things, he eyed Cas a touch sourly.
idea.
“Sleep now, Dean. I will be here when you wake up.”
This time, Dean did drop the spatula in favour of grabbing a bicep-full of angel before said frazzle-headed bestie bee-lined for the cosmos. Thusly anchored, Cas had little choice but to turn back and face Dean, though he looked twitchier than a spooked cat.
Dean fetches the hose and happily gets to work.
lit in Tron blue. Even though last time he checked it was early December, it was like Halloween, Comic Con (or both) had thrown up all over the joint. Some wore ensembles of pure white, while others donned colourful contact lenses, even crazier hair, and some others still, wore almost nothing at all. Stranger still, some guests wore the modest head-to-toe vestments demanded by strictest Christian denominations, patiently waiting for entry even while they shuffled uncomfortably against their wilder, latex-clad neighbours.
Or maybe it was.
“Vamps, nothing seri-” he attempted, but Cas had lifted a hand to meet the hunter’s concern-knitted features. Dean froze, his pulse thundering in his ears and his cheeks burning, for some reason. Two fingers gently poked his forehead, but before Dean could bat them away in realization, the blissful relief cascaded through his body. Cas then proceeded to cough like emphysema was going out of style.
were a thing.
“And I don’t mean in a brotherly way,” Sam clarified wryly, “I mean he loves you in a manly, sweaty, grunty way that I never want to hea-”
“Wait, what?” Dean coughed, all hands back on deck.
There was so much blood. No blue light he thinks gratefully, but so much blood. He didn’t even know angels could bleed that much.
“Yeah I got that,” said Dean, raising an unimpressed eyebrow. He waited.
Dean ran cold and unsettled at the readjustment, but obligingly climbed off him too, since he’d seen fit to kiss him through a couple of galaxies and straight into the damn mattress. Stumbling like a newborn calf, he sank wordlessly back to his knees on the garishly carpeted floor. Meanwhile, Cas righted himself in one swift, stiff motion, a somber jack-in-the-box, until he was perched rigidly on the side of the bed. Dean's forehead had found the bend of Cas' knees for a brief moment while he caught his breath, but all too soon, the inevitable wall of awkward silence touched down, merciless and devastating. After a painfully long minute or ten, Cas finally spoke.
“Stay, then.”
angel was likely to be keeping a dutiful watch over the summoning spell anyway.
The angel’s growl carried an intoxicating touch of holy wrath in its gravel tones, but even so, Dean felt his insides coil in anticipation for a fight. One he’d started, again.
“Better,” she mused, observing him as one might an unfinished masterpiece. “But…”
“I’m going to go now,” Castiel growled, though his features were glowing redder than Dean had ever seen them. Did angels really blush this much?
“No, it’s
“....Cas?”
“Greece or Egypt?”
“I want to make sure I understand,” Castiel tiptoed after an age, weighing each word with the gravity of a newborn planet.
’ face on.” Sam cuts-in, his voice dancing in light mockery.
Instead, the angel is grinning at Dean’s geriatric diagnosis, and Dean feels his eyes prickle.
And he just might have too, were it not for his feet suddenly being pulled
“No doubt kid, no doubt,” he conceded, “But what gives, I thought we were meeting at the entrance?”
Dean allowed a tiny nod, only minimally reassured, though he patted Cas’ hand in acknowledgement. It was something, at least. A pinprick of hope through the dark fabric of worry he’d been draped in lately. He gingerly released the angel’s warm fingers because again, he’d unwittingly let a touch between them last longer than was warranted in the exposing light of day.
Narrowed eyes irrevocably glued to Dean’s, the angel in question nevertheless did as he was bid. He flapped, ever so delicately, even then causing a minor whirlwind of dust to rise around their knees. Dean meanwhile, tried not to stare at how the muscles of Cas’ shoulders and neck tensed and released like a superbly-adapted machine, wordlessly marveling at how it was all miraculously contained in a distractingly well-designed chassis, as it were. There was nothing Dean liked more in this universe, except a slice of warm apple cinnamon à la mode of course, than experiencing the purr of a well-oiled machine in a great body, after all.
“Please, just look for a moment, Dean” Cas implored him, right next to his ear.
against him, kept brushing over his lower abdomen with every bassy word spoken, through the too-thin cotton of his shirt. He was practically non copos mentis by the time he registered that Cas was still talking, and about things that actually sounded like they needed hearing.
“He’s gonna figure it out sooner or later, Dean, it’s not like-”
Either way, it was too late to retreat now because he knew Cas had heard him the second he’d taken his first step up the spiraling metal stairs.
“What-”
“No. I need to recuperate,” the angel explained tersely, “I disagreed, but my battalion insisted I hide for a while since I now seem to be the enemy’s primary target. There was nowhere else to go. ”
When he’d passed Baby and gotten to Cas though….well, Sam
?” he deflected.
“Yeah, and now I’m not. End of story.”
“This isn’t
Dean felt his stomach lurch as he took in Cas’ state more closely from this new vantage. His “holy accountant” get-up was mostly shredded thanks to the wings’s seemingly unexpected appearance, but also due to what seemed like the remnants of battle. Long slashes ran across his chest, where an ethereal blue light leaked from the disruptions. Grace. Bizarrely, an alarming amount of what seemed like human blood was
“Just checking.”
“And what if we end up needing to strap you to Baby’s roof and take you through the car-wash, do we need to perform some sort of ritual first?”
Dean could barely restrain his outrage at the gesture, but Cas’ eyes were flickering back and forth from
And through all of this, Cas was nowhere.
Dean had
“I don’t mean to add to your
Sam’s head snapped up from the road momentarily.
For his part, Jack wears the same innocently delighted expression he dons in regards to most things. At Sam’s coaxing, he takes one last fleeting glance at the pair before replying “With pineapples, please?”
“Okay,” he grumbled, “What am I looking at here, aside from the KFC special?”
glad.” Cas finally answered in a sort of half-sigh, his eyes resolutely shut. His voice was scrubbed rough and smoky by fatigue and distraction, and it ignited merciless sparks of delight along Dean’s spine.
“Oh no you don’t. Why’re your panties in such a twist, man?”
Castiel’s head tilted severely as he took a few steps forward, eyes locked in a dangerous squint.
Sam fleetingly considered disobeying his brother and just letting the Oscar-worthy shit-show happen as he was unceremoniously abandoned to Castiel’s scowling wake.
Uncharacteristic as it was, there was definite hurt in Cas’ voice, or disappointment in the least. Dean said nothing even though his heart sank, letting the angel continue. He knew a thing or two about being disappointed in the actions of beloved siblings.
"We're all so excited to have you on the project," Thomas said over his shoulder. Dean chuckled, shoving his hands in his front pockets as he walked.
"Good. Because I don't know if I could live with myself if you were afraid of me," he said.
"Bull-fucking-shit, you're fine. You just screamed at your two best friends for asking you about your alcohol intake, you got outed, and you lost a friend recently. Anybody who can be fine after all that shit is either a fucking robot or soulless," Castiel said.
The conversation died down a bit when the food came, all of them eating very enthusiastically. However, this quiet didn't last long, as they soon began discussing Jess's current gig, starring in a tv show with a fantastic love triangle and a bunch of other shit. However, they liked to bully her about the love triangle, because one of the guys was one of the guys she considered a celebrity crush, despite literally being a celebrity herself.
Turning the lights down and sitting down with the rest of his friends, he got some food and settled back, digging in as the introduction rolled. Sighing, he curled into the armrest and continued shoveling lo mein into his mouth. The movie kicked up pretty quickly, with the action beginning early.
After getting one and sitting back down, he simply sat there for a good half hour. Traffic was probably bad at this time, so the troops might not arrive for another fifteen minutes. Deciding that he should check online and see what the damages were, he opened his phone. Taking a breath to prepare, he opened social media.
Sam clutched his chest like he'd been shot, staring her down with his jaw dropped. Dean snorted, and Charlie let out a short but loud laugh at the look on his face. Jess put her hand over the one he had left on the table, laughing and shaking her head. He flipped her off, grinning and looking at Dean incredulously. Dean just shrugged, laughing at him. He didn't know either.
"I think I'm gonna head to bed," he said, and he immediately saw Cas's face fall slightly. Shaking his head a bit, Dean put his hand over Cas's where it still rested on the couch. "Will you stay with me?"
Dean swallows.
Dean could be opaque sometimes, but he wasn’t completely dense. Just not completely brave, in matters of what he considered to be his undeserving heart.
Or at least that's the case before he notices Cas’ hands slipping south in a decidedly impious direction and - OKAY.  It’s time to get the hell out of dodge and fast, because this cuddly little scene is suddenly losing its PG rating faster than Sam’s eyes are capable of unseeing. And he’s had to unsee
“JESUS FUCKING CHRIST ON A CRACKER CAS, PUT ME DOWN!” he bellowed roughly, his throat Sahara dry as he watched his feet now dangling helplessly above the parking lot.
He smirks.
which trail in Cas’ wake, floating airily behind his bared torso.
Dean could just barely make out the pile of beige trenchcoat splayed against the offensively coloured carpet. It was scattered beneath what at first, appeared to be a huge black miasma. Dean drew in a tight breath.
should have seen it coming.
“I’m just saying Dean, you’re mother-henning so hard you’re gonna start laying eggs.  Cas probably just wants some space. He’s been around since before dinosaurs were just an idea and you’ve been nagging him…
“C’mon angel, just humour me. Flap those chicken wings nice an’ easy, and then gradually Grace it up.”
God, he hated that he’d disturbed Cas’ cozy stance, the warmth on his shoulder evaporating as Cas shifted with concern.
He doubted Cas even noticed, but the proximity was becoming somewhat distracting to Dean’s increasingly flustered and alcohol-fuzzed senses. He’d have chosen swan-diving back into hell in a tutu over admitting it, but physical closeness was a craving more powerful than any vice Dean had. He hadn't been able to get his usual fix under the guise of sleazy one-nighters lately, and unfortunately for him in that moment, certain bed-headed angels with no respect for personal bubbles had a funny way of quietly dismantling his usual boundaries.
“Dean,” he breathed right back, oh so softly. Dean’s eyes were compelled to his, as inevitably as gravity. “It’s alright. I know this is a spell at work. You must let me help you now, because the summoning might take more time than you have, given that you have fought the spell for so long already. Your body is at its limit.”
Though pointless an effort it might be, Dean finally dabs a warm cloth over the wound festooning the angel’s chest. It fortunately already seems to be closing over, but he finds himself marveling at the exercise. At Cas here with him, allowing him his these intimate, long-sought comforts.
Namely that Cas had already spotted him standing there like an utter jackass through the open door. He set his book down and smiled.
He’d have to properly examine their little family group’s disturbing tendency for self-sacrifice later, but for now, he was just grateful it had successfully plucked Cas from the abyss.
“I’m making sure,” the angel explained soberly, prying Dean’s eyes open with his thumbs and forefingers as he peered into them with empirical dedication.
“She said she’d meet me outside. Haven’t seen her yet.”
“I know what I said, man,” Dean acknowledged quietly. “But you never let me finish.”
of windows.
getting pineapple.”
“Good riddance,” he jokes, and Castiel eyes daggers at him.
above having a field day with this information.
Dean knew that the slight hitch to Cas’ voice, along with the teeny smile crinkling his stoic features translated to euphoria in Castiel-speak, or pretty damn close. Dean smiled widely as a few peals of laughter even escaped the angel as he lifted higher and higher, to the point where Dean had to stretch his arms far over his head to maintain buoyancy.
“Don’t take it personally if I pass on
He claps Sam on the shoulder as he strolls past.
Okay, the impression would have benefitted from the angel
Charlie casually exploded into the vehicle, as was her wont, and crushed Dean in an immediate and inescapable chokehold of a hug. His adored adoptive little sister was one of the few who held an unlimited free pass for those, so he indulged her.
Sam’s congested chuckling breached him, and Dean grinned despite himself in the sanctuary of his classic car.
“Flap…
He had to get away, but he knew it was pointless. Cas had borne witness to almost every iteration of Dean’s lowest point; he didn’t see why this would be any different, despite how much he may have wished for another outcome. Again he would fail Cas at being better, at being worthy. He could feel it as surely as the simmering in his skin.
“Dean... ”Cas says, low and electric, before his hands and lips find Dean. "Don’t insult me."
worry. But I trust you, too. I trust you to come back to me, as long as you are able, just as I will always return to you.”
In the musty darkness, Dean was again overcome by that cumbersome mix of concern and something else- that same something that was left warm and wanting around Cas, that he could not deal with right now (or ever, gods of Rock willing). Cas was making that exceedingly difficult however, apparently unwilling to grant him even a modicum of personal space that evening. The wings did eventually release him at some point during the strangely charged standoff, but Dean found he couldn’t budge. Instead, his gaze was locked on Castiel. He rarely allowed himself to look; there was never any justifiable reason to beyond the silent yearnings he kept locked away.
Dean sputtered.
“No man, you don't get it. It was
Dean cleared his throat in a vain effort to quash the surging fantasies, though with Cas staring through him like that with a subtle flush colouring his face, it was an impossible task.
“Cas. Talk to me,” Dean insisted, as gently as he could. He loosened his grip some, but found himself reluctant to release him. It always seemed like such a risk.
“You’ll probably feel a bit shaky from the transfer for a little while,” Cas offered instead, eschewing the topic entirely.
“What brings you to these parts?” he asked wryly, finger-quoting for good measure.
“You’ve put me back together before,” Dean reminded him gently, in a tone almost tender enough to quell the agonizing despair screaming behind his chest.
It’s only thanks to the dubious wealth of two decades’ experience that he doesn’t panic.
“God I love our talks,” Dean muttered, taking a scalding sip of his coffee.
Dean surges up as best he can against this storm, desperately tangling himself into Cas’ limbs as he holds on for dear life. Somehow along the way, his hands have anchored themselves to sumptuously bared flesh as the water sloshes helplessly in their wakes. It isn’t long before all he sees is blue and all he tastes is petrichor while his senses fall to Cas’ ministrations.
” Cas repeated, sounding dubious. Dean rolled his eyes.
’ now!” Cas grinned with enthusiasm, the clouds lifting from his face. Dean could almost
“I know you’re in terrible pain.” Cas pressed on, calm as winter snow. His steady, rumbling voice washed over Dean, soothing and eucalyptus sharp. “I can help you.”
Piqued, Dean finally rose from the small bed and decided he’d prefer skewering stitches into his hide than to continue this conversation with the angel who thought of him as a regrettable Plan B.
“I'm sorry, Dean," the angel soothed, brushing his wide palms over Dean's shoulders. "I was worried about you too."
“You’re injured,” Cas observed.
The angel had long since b-lined to the top of his mental shit-list, but there was not enough whiskey in the world, never mind this lacklustre town, for Dean to pick at that scab. Suffice it to say that the Cas’ sustained absence due to Heaven’s civil war had been more than noticed. It had festered into a hot, ragged wound in that nameless place under Dean’s skin, where the angel had long since taken up residence without asking. Like some sort of fungus, but with better hair.
In fact it’s kind of a point of sarcastic pride sometimes, that he feels like the owner of Team Free Will’s sole brain cell.
“So,” he stumbled, “What uhm…  I thought - just… well, why uhm,
The end of the sentence was left to be devoured by the merciful roar of the Impala’s engine. Sam however, wasn’t so sparing.
actually
naked. Physical wings are just… inconvenient when it comes to clothing.”
Fuck but Cas was beautiful, more than any mere mortal should be expected to process, and oh yeah, Dean was doomed. It was dizzying to think that those majestic things had lain softly curled around him, and that he’d been mere inches from that expanse of firm, miraculous flesh - He was
“What happened to the lieutenant?”
Castiel’s features pinched themselves into an even worse grimace at the phrasing.
“‘Sup bitch!” she chirped cheerfully.
Untethered now, his fingers slipped beneath the cheap silk knot at Cas’s throat and yanked.
The lava churns and sputters just behind his throat as Cas rises suddenly. Dean watches him, transfixed and terrified. This is it, he thinks. Dean has finally won his self-loathing little game and finally broken him. At last, Cas sees; is finally fed-up and is leaving Dean to go hook up with a hot bartender after a decade of Dean’s artful skating. He’s sweating again, even though the water’s turned frigid, as he wordlessly witnesses the languid movements of his undoing: his angel uncurling for flight. He swallows harshly, feeling the sharp stripping of his marrow as his heart shatters.
Dean couldn't help it, he was laughing too. Putting his hands on his hips, he rolled his eyes at Cas.
"Hey," he said quietly, and Dean hated how his heart jumped. They were fucking, not dating. And didn't he still hate him?
Getting in the car and settling in, he ordered dinner to be delivered to his place, finding that he was already pretty hungry again. To be fair, he'd been working for hours since lunch, and it was just about time for dinner as it was. These days were long, but they were also rewarding. For once, he had a completely clear head, which wasn't a common occurrence these days.
"If that isn't the food, I'm going to prison today," he said, deadpanned. She nodded, also completely serious. They did that for only a few seconds before they laughed again, Dean shaking his head and standing to go get the door.
"Alright. Thanks for telling me," he managed, a small hitch in his breath. Sam sighed, also clearly battling back tears.
"Get out," Dean whispered, and Cas turned his head to look at him, confusion written all over his features. He started to ask a question, but Dean spoke over him, louder and anger beginning to crawl into his voice. "I said, get out."
"Fine, fine, okay! Stop!" Sam yelled, and Charlie sat back, looking at him with her arms crossed. He raised an eyebrow, and she sighed.
Getting only a groan in response, Dean did it again, getting swatted this time as Novak mumbled something incoherent into his neck. Letting out an exasperated noise, Dean tried to wiggle free, to no avail. Shaking his head, he turned it over his shoulder to try to look at Castiel.
"Do you guys just wanna sleep in my bed? I know I don't really feel like being alone," he said quietly.
They walked into the studio, Dean already grimacing slightly at how Rayna would react to needing to cover literal bite marks and hickeys. Hopefully it wouldn't be too hard for her. He almost laughed at that thought, but managed not to. God, what was he, twelve?
He would have plenty of those situations coming up soon enough. So he turned on another movie and let Novak sleep, keeping his mind occupied. It wasn't long after that Novak stirred himself to life, giving Dean a look soft with sleep. He seemed to almost talk before his own phone buzzed. Taking it out of his pocket, he swore. Glancing up at Dean apologetically, he gave a quick explanation as he stood.
Consistently, they started the scene, angry and leading up to the fight, and would end up almost in an actual fight. At one point, Novak shoved him, and Dean nearly punched him. Luckily for him, someone intervened, because he had gotten damned close to actually doing it and Novak wasn't worth the sore hand.
Throwing on a pair of boxers and putting his towel up, he flopped into bed, curling into the pillows and yanking the blanket up over himself. Before he knew it, his eyes were heavy, and the world faded out into sleep.
"What the fuck are you here for?" Dean snapped, but Castiel's eyes on him never wavered once. Annoyed by the lack of response, Dean stepped closer, getting in his space. "You better start fucking talking, because this whole silence after barging in shit is just about my least favorite stunt of yours."
"Good. Now we just need to do it a few more times and clean it up, and you'll be good to shoot," she said.
They arrived home and got out, still in silence, and went inside. Immediately, they headed straight upstairs, exhausted from crying and being up so late with her parents. Deciding that he didn't really want to be separated from his friends, Dean turned to them as soon as they got upstairs.
"That's what he came all this way for?" Charlie managed to squeak out, and Dean nodded. "Does he not realize that'll make it worse if press saw him near your place?" She dissolved into another wheezing fit, and Dean couldn't help but start laughing at the point she had made. As the three of them were trying to remember how to breathe, Sam came out of the bathroom, looking confused as shit.
Work was, to say it politely, fucking hell for the next few days.
Within a few minutes, Dean had found his way to makeup, knocking on the door before opening it and moving in, closing the door behind him. A girl smiled at him, waving him over and settling him into a chair.
Before Dean could retaliate, he had darted away and back into the building. Letting out an amused huff, Dean left his things in the trailer and made his way over to the set. Cas was talking to the director, and seemed to be going over the scene and suggesting adjustments. One of them seemed to stick, because Thomas nodded enthusiastically. Dean was sure Cas would fill him in momentarily, so he didn't bother to go over himself. Instead, he grabbed some coffee and drank it carefully, avoiding his makeup.
"Alright, I have to get back to the house and make sure Claire hasn't killed anything. I'll talk to you later, alright?" Jody said, giving him another hug before releasing him and walking off. He waved as she left, and she raised a hand over her head to flip him off, leaving Dean the one to shake his head.
"Is there anything I can do?" He asked, and Dean let a sob rip from his chest at the words. Turning fully, he let himself be crushed into a hug as he hid his face in Cas's neck. God, he felt like he was dying. He almost couldn't help but wish that he was.
Dean gave her a thumbs up, knowing better than to try to move his head or talk. It made her job easier if he stayed still. She gave him a soft smile, hyper focused on the makeup she was doing.
Going back to his trailer to grab some things before he headed off set, he shut the door behind him and took a deep breath. He supposed Novak had been mostly bearable during work today, so that was a plus. Just as he went to grab his things, the trailer door swung open, again, and he let out an exasperated sigh. Turning quickly, he saw that Novak was back in his god damn trailer, shutting the door again.
"I know, fuck, I know you're mad! I didn't know either, Dean! You could always pull yourself from the project, too, which I know isn't ideal, but.." Crowley was cut off by Dean, who nearly threw his phone as he turned on his heel.
"Yeah, you're definitely a pro. I get so many people trying to talk to me while I do this, which I don't mind, but it does make the process take longer," she explained, setting everything she'd done and giving him a quick once over. Nodding, she moved to let him up.
It was time for him to get back to work.
He leaned back, and Dean shook his head at him slightly. How in the world did Cas expect to get away with this? As if hearing his doubts, Cas pressed his forehead against Dean's.
But instead, he had to deal with his annoying shit, because celebrity fist fights weren't good for anyone's reputation.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you," he said, and Cas shrugged with a grin, beginning his recipe as he talked.
He sighed in relief when he saw that it was just Castiel. Going down to the door, he opened it and gave Cas a gentle smile. Cas smiled back, seeming happier than Dean had remembered him being at work that day.
"What, Jess?" He demanded, and she sighed again, loudly. Shaking her head, she looked at him.
“Nice to see you, as always, Castiel," Dean said condescendingly, and Novak huffed and stormed out his front door, slamming it for the second time that morning. If the doorframe was damaged, that asshole was getting a bill in the mail. Shaking his head in amusement, he turned on his heel and went back upstairs.
"Why are you looking at me like that?" He asked, narrowing his eyes slightly. Dean chuckled, shaking his head.
After an excruciating twenty minutes, he heard his doorbell ring and dragged himself up from the couch to answer it. He caught sight of his reflection in a window on his way down, stopping dead at the way he looked. His eyes were red and puffy, and there didn't seem to be any light behind them. There were bags under his eyes, and he looked pale and exhausted. His hair was a mess, and so were his clothes. Fuck, he was a mess.
"I know that I'm attracted to men. Clearly, I know that," Dean gulped. "But... but the problem is that I'm scared. I'm scared to death of actually falling in love with a guy, because then it's not something I can say was just a lapse in judgement, a heat of the moment thing. Then it's real, and I have to... I have to face it. Face the things my dad beat into me over it, face that he was right about me. And I'm already facing too much right now."
It took the two of them hours to clean his house off, but by the time they had, it was like it hadn't happened. The sun had begun to set, and once they were sure it was gone, Jody turned to Dean with a small smile.
"Holy shit, dude," she says, glancing down at her phone before looking up at Dean. "People are flooding the tag with unrelated stuff and agreeing that it's a massive invasion of privacy. Look, you can barely find a picture in the tags already."
"I swear to god, every day around you people is torment. I can't believe I put up with this." Shaking his head, he pointed at Jo. "I'll have you know, my blooper reel for this movie was under five minutes."
"You what, Dean?" He asked softly, the look in his eyes back to the forefront. Fuck, why did Dean feel like crying?
Before he knew it, Dean was on the floor, tears running down his face as he babbled incoherently into the phone. This couldn't be happening, not to her. She was so good, so sweet. She couldn't be gone. It wasn't possible.
Rolling his eyes, Dean shot back, getting annoyed with all of this dodging the issue shit. Why was Crowley being an asshole about this?
Novak and Dean went their separate ways to get ready, Dean heading immediately to costumes while Novak went to find someone he needed to talk with. As soon as he entered the costume room, Isaiah caught a look at his neck and raised his eyebrows at Dean, but didn't say a word. Dean was exceedingly grateful for that, and once he was in costume, Isaiah let him go with one warning.
"What the fuck do you mean, what? You ask me to come over, are perfectly fine the whole time I am, and then you get mad at me for it? While apparently also getting fucking trashed in the middle of the afternoon, no less. And all I did was dare check on you, see if you were okay," Castiel finished, chest heaving with loosely controlled anger. But there was something in his eyes behind the anger, something that Dean didn't like to see from him. Concern.
Dean let out a shuddering, broken moan, adjusting to the feeling as Castiel got fully inside and stopped moving. Fuck, he was huge. After a minute, Dean had adjusted, rolling his hips against Castiel and moaning at the feeling. Immediately, Cas began moving, starting slowly but working up to a punishing pace. He gripped Dean's hips so tightly he was sure they'd bruise, but the pain felt almost better. It felt good already, but then came that blinding pleasure again, and Dean let out a breathy scream, hearing Cas chuckle behind him.
"Ooh, impressive!" Charlie teased, poking him. "How many takes is that that had to be redone?"
Looking like he'd been hit, Cas stepped back, expression fading into one of sad understanding. Fuck him for thinking he knew what Dean was feeling, what he thought. Dean stepped forward, slamming his hands on Novak's chest and screaming at him.
"Of course. Now, let's get you ready," he said, letting Dean in and walking back to his main area. Dean looked around, seeing a few people bustling around the room. Immediately, one guy spotted him and walked over, hand out for an introduction. Shaking his hand, Dean smiled at him, getting a smile in return.
"Apparently, someone must have heard me say something at the party, because there's a massive ass rumor going around that we fucked on set. I mean, we did, but he doesn't like that circulating. Even though it's probably gonna generate more interest for the movie and us," Dean explained, finally sitting up. Jess was covering her mouth with one hand, which was nearly covered with the sweatshirt. Charlie wasn't doing as well at hiding her laughter, simply laying on the floor and wheezing.
"I'm fine," he muttered, and Novak snorted.
He managed to get through their first recording session of the day and immediately stormed to his trailer, slamming the door so hard it bounced back open and the noise echoed. Swearing loudly at it, he went to grab it to shut it, again, when a hand grabbed his wrist.
They stared for a minute, doing nothing, and Dean could almost feel his blood pressure rising. Finally, he took a step forward and spoke, loud enough that he knew Novak could hear him.
As kind as this had been, Dean couldn't help but wonder why Castiel had said yes or come here in the first place, considering that they hardly got along. He tried to leave it, but he had to at least try to ask.
"Hey, I'm Thomas, your director. Crowley and I have met," he said, laughing. Dean smiled back at him, ready to get this show, or rather, movie, on the road.
"Oh, so now you're tough? As I recall, you said it wasn't a big deal. Maybe you have a different definition of big deal than I do, though," Cas teased, pressing a knee harshly between Dean's thighs and making him gasp at the force. "Maybe I should fucking show you what a big deal looks like, because it sure as hell isn't you."
Novak looked at him with that fucking smirk on his face, and Dean, not for the first time, wanted to punch it off of him. Cursing under his breath, he turned to walk away, only to find Novak jerking him around and shoving his back against the wall, right forearm across his throat. He stared Dean down, and despite how pissed off Dean was, he couldn't help noticing how fucking blue the guy's eyes were. Shaking it off and blaming the alcohol, he shoved back, knocking Novak off of him.
"Hey, I'm Isaiah," the guy, Isaiah, said. "Let's get you in the costume for scene one, and then you'll have to come back before the second filming."
Dean knew he shouldn't be so angry that someone was checking on him, but the fact that it was Novak and the fact that Dean was personally responsible for that stupid fucking message had him wanting to throw his phone. Walking down the stairs, he shot back a text just as he opened the front door.
"Dude, we have work. You gotta get up," he said, and Cas lifted his head away from Dean to give him a bleary eyed look. Clearly, he wasn't quite awake yet, because he looked as if he had processed about one word of what Dean had said.
And he did. He told Dean the entire breakdown, and let him know that Thomas had okayed a surprise at the end. Dean was skeptical that it would turn out well if he wasn't prepared, but Cas insisted.
"Dude, just... look," he said, and Dean shook his head as he did.
He had two messages, actually. One from the driver, saying that he was there, and one from... fucking Novak. God damn him, of course. Running a hand down his face, Dean glared at the message that stared up at him.
Arriving on set, Dean thanked the driver again and got out, throwing his then empty coffee cup away on his way inside. Running a hand down his face, he made a beeline for the costume department, hoping to be ready to go as fast as possible. After all, the faster he got ready, the faster he could go get more coffee from the assistants.
Sitting up sharply, he found that he really couldn't stand to be alone. Sam had needed space, and Charlie clearly did as well, but he needed someone to be there, anyone. Within moments, the answer popped into his head, and before he could stop himself, he had texted the number the studio had given him for Novak.
Castiel seemed to like his answer, though, because within a few seconds he felt the blunt head press against him. Moaning, Dean panted, waiting and writhing in his impatience. Finally, Cas had mercy, pressing forward until the pressure broke and the head pushed in. He didn't slow down or stop, fully sheathing himself inside of Dean. Stopping there, he took a shuddering breath.
Fuck him, the universe really did hate him.
"Oh, the tragedy!" Sam said, draping a hand over his forehead. "I'm in love with Ryan, but Eric is hot as fuck! Whatever shall I do?" Jess smacked his arm a few times, and he raised his hands in surrender.
It was a post of Novak's, one that had explicitly told people to flood the tags with other things if they respected Dean's privacy. Obviously, Castiel was already out, so it wasn't him who needed this shield. Dean wasn't sure how to feel about this. Castiel had gone out of his way to try to save Dean from this before it got too out of hand, and he clearly didn't have to. Handing Sam's phone back, he bit the inside of his cheek nervously. Picking up his own phone, he saw that he had one missed text.
"Are you fucking serious?" He spat, surprised that his voice wasn't slurring. Maybe he had started to sober up a bit without noticing.
Finally, he was done for the day, and it was nearly two in the afternoon. Showering quickly, he texted the group chat again, wanting to hang out with them.
Dean couldn't bear that look, not then, so he reached into his pocket and got out his phone. Within seconds, he wished that he hadn't. He had almost forgotten that the friend he had lost was a celebrity, that the news would be all over it. His eyes watered instantly, and he was about to turn it off when something caught his eye. Opening the article, he began seething as he read through it. Cas quickly realized that Dean was getting pissed off, looking up to give him an alarmed look.
"Stop, stop, I'm close," he groaned, and Cas released him, immediately turning him around and pushing his chest to the counter. Dean hissed at the cold sensation, but didn't bother moving.
They had, in fact, gone back to Dean's place. They'd played games for a few hours, and then someone suggested drinking. After that, it had all gone directly downhill.
After a few minutes, Dean managed to convince himself to get out of his bed and stood with a yawn. He didn't feel like getting dressed, or frankly doing anything, so he threw on a comfortable sweatshirt and some pajama pants and then wandered out to the kitchen area. Cas already had the stove going and his fridge open, multiple ingredients strewn across the countertop. Sitting down at a stool again, Dean was suddenly so grateful that Castiel had shown up. He wasn't sure he'd even be functional otherwise.
Rolling his eyes, Cas changed into the pajama pants Dean had given him, opting to go shirtless. Finally, they both settled into Dean's bed, Cas cradling Dean from behind with an arm thrown over his hip. Dean did not feel comforted by this at all, nor did he feel anything beyond what normal friends with benefits would feel. He didn't. At all.
Rubbing a hand down his face, he started pacing through his living room, trying to think of any way that he could make this better for himself and worse for Novak. Unfortunately, he wasn't having a lot of luck with ideas, coming up with nothing in the few minutes he paced around. Groaning, he downed the rest of his coffee and grabbed his phone, resolving to go for a walk and clear his head. God, this was a mess, wasn't it?
"Yeah, about as well as you could expect," Sam said, Dean catching a small break in his voice. He decided to ignore that as Sam continued. "Just wanted to call and let you know that I'm mostly functioning and that the funeral is in a few days."
"For fuck's sake," Dean said under his breath as the character died. That was entirely her own fault. He couldn't even really feel that bad for her.
Eventually, he managed to drag himself out of bed and get a shower, letting the warm water and steam settle over him with a sigh. As he stood in the water, his mind couldn't help but drift back to the night before and that Novak asshole. That cocky fucking smile that never failed to piss him off, the better-than-you attitude, and that taunting look he liked to give. It was the perfect storm to make Dean want to crush his skull.
Despite the noise being a bit less in the kitchen, there were several couples making out in there, and at least one of them was getting handsy. Ignoring all of them, he managed to get a cup out of his cabinet without breaking everything, feeling very self satisfied at this revelation. Turning toward the sink, he got as much water as he could in the cup without dropping it, then proceeded to chug it. He did this a few times, then set the cup down, gripping the counter. He felt slightly less like the world was spinning, which he counted as a win.
"You need to get your shit together," he hissed at himself, turning away from the mirror and taking deep breaths. Once he had calmed enough to walk, he texted the driver and told him that he was ready to go whenever. Grabbing an apple from the counter, he found that he was only able to eat a few bites before feeling sick. Throwing it away, he felt his phone buzz and grabbed it from his pocket to glance at it.
"Because they fucking do! They're not that great, dude! I've had better bread!" Sam was on the receiving end of several smacks from Charlie before he could say any more.
"Who would do this to you?" She demanded angrily. Dean couldn't give her an answer, turning back to stare at the ugly, spray painted message across the front face of his home.
Sitting down, he immediately realized that wasn't the case, and they were on their way over. Smiling at them, he elbowed Charlie, who spluttered, but then realized what he meant. She smiled too, glad they'd come over. Of all of them, Charlie loved meeting fans the most.
Deciding he should find Sam before he gave himself alcohol poisoning, he went back to the room he had previously been in and saw him passed out. Sighing, he text Jess and asked if she could help with him, and she said she'd be there in a minute. Shortly afterwards, she showed up, helping him drag Sam to the service elevator that went upstairs. The party had been contained to the lower floor, so it would be quieter there.
Shaking his head, Dean realized he needed to get some food in him before they went to shoot again. Grabbing something out of the fridge without looking, he ate quickly, staring off into space as he did. Soon enough, it was time to go back out there and film again, and Dean found himself dreading it. What the fuck would Novak say? What would he say?
Isaiah got him into costume and situated, then sent him over to makeup to see Rayna. On his way over, he passed Novak going to costume, and the other man didn't even glance at him. Oh, so they were still playing this that way, huh? Dean could do that shit.
It took him hours to fall asleep, as he kept remembering things about her and quietly letting tears fall, hearing his friends do the same. Finally, it seemed that his mind had succumbed to the exhaustion of his activities through the day and the complete shutdown the news had brought, and he drifted away into a sleep filled with blond hair and brilliant smiles that he could never see again.
He had thought of Novak's god damned eyes while jerking off. It didn't make any damn sense. He hated the guy, even the idea of being near him like that made him want to shoot himself. Surely it was just because his drunk mind had hyper focused on those eyes while he was already turned on from that girl he'd been so rudely interrupted with. Wrapping his towel around his waist, he shook his head and walked into his bedroom. He was still too drunk to be trying to think.
Before he could get too far into his self pity party, the car rolled to a stop outside the location of the service. Dean thanked the driver quietly before stepping out, groaning internally at the sight of paparazzi standing across the street from the venue, snapping pictures of the grieving family and friends. Suddenly enraged by their encroachment on what should, by all accounts, be a private moment, he threw a middle finger toward them and yelled.
With that, the line went dead, so Crowley was off to do some managerial shit that Dean couldn't care less about. That was what he had hired him for, after all, to be his agent. As annoying as Crowley could be, he was damned good at his job, and Dean was grateful to have him handle his shit, not that he'd ever tell him that. Crowley's ego was high enough as it was, and Dean would not be the one to feed into it further.
Without hesitation, they both stood, nodding. The driver arrived momentarily, having been texted earlier, and they all got in, complete silence falling over them. They had run out of tears to cry, things to say, and were left with an empty space in the car where Jess should have been. Dean stared out the window again, trying as hard as he could to commit his best times with Jess to memory permanently.
Thankfully, it was the food, and he didn't have to commit any crimes. Bringing it upstairs, he set it on the coffee table and called into his room.
Finally, Thomas called them over, getting them situated in their places for the scene after the extras were all set. They were in a booth, eating and joking around for the majority of the scene. So, once everything was set, they got rolling and started up the scene shoot.
Never removing his hand from Dean's throat and returning his glare in stride, Cas shoved two fingers into Dean's mouth and laughed quietly as he choked at the sudden intrusion. His mistake, though, because pissed off Dean made the impulse decision to bite.
Dean's character, Harris, threw the first punch. After that, it was a consistent back and forth. A table was broken after someone was thrown on it, glass shattered, and neither character backed down. Harris couldn't believe the nerve of this guy, the disrespect, and Dean's face reflected that cleanly. Castiel's face was also completely on point for his character, Max, who knew Harris was a threat and either wanted him as an ally or gone. Dean didn't let it distract him, but it was impressive.
"Yes, mom," he said, and she snorted, turning away and shaking her head yet again. It was just about her favorite gesture when around him, and who could blame her? He knew he was a handful.
Dean snorted slightly at how accurate Sam's call out of him was. Even he knew he did that a little too often. He was about to put his phone down when it buzzed yet again. Annoyed, thinking it was Sam or Charlie bugging him just because, he picked it up and was prepared to shoot a snarky response out. Instead, he was met with a message from Castiel, the light from his screen seeming to wash out everything else as he read it.
"This is gonna turn out fine, Dean," he said. "Goodnight."
Turning to Dean again, her face softened slightly. Before she could say anything, though, Sam had put a hand on Dean's arm. He turned to look at Sam, who just gave him a reassuring look.
Since he had started in this industry, he and Castiel had been pitted against each other by the media and their own fans. He wasn't sure why they chose to do it to them specifically, but it had certainly formed a hard rivalry between the two. They always had to one up one another and ruin each other's events, make their own reputation a bit better than the other's. It was a vicious cycle, and Castiel never fucking slowed down with his bullshit. It was fucking infuriating, to be honest.
Dean let out a shaky breath of relief that he hadn't known he had been holding, closing his eyes and leaning back into the couch. He wouldn't have to be alone anymore. Oh, thank god. Even if it was Novak and they didn't often get along, he would have someone with him.
"You were right. That was pretty damned good," he said quietly.
"Hello?" He said quietly, and he heard a sigh of relief on the other end that could only belong to Charlie. Glad it wasn't Novak, he let out a sigh of his own.
Dean grabbed a pair of boxers and slid them on, reaching for his jeans as he answered. Crowley was so fucking dramatic, and for what? Could he not just tell him what the job was?
Finally, the service ended, and they filed out to go to their cars and head to the cemetery. As Sam, Dean, and Charlie walked to Dean's car to head up together, one paparazzo who had decided that they felt brave and gotten far too close to the mourners snapped a picture right in Sam's face. As Sam flinched back, Dean found all of his rage at the injustice of Jess's death, at himself for the Novak situation, and the paparazzi in general snap, and without another thought, he reeled back and punched the camera lens. He vaguely realized that it had shattered and that his hand was bleeding, but he didn't care. The paparazzo had left, and that was what mattered.
"Damn, and here I thought I was a decent actor," he teased, and she rolled her eyes, crossing her arms and glaring him down. Raising his hands in surrender, he shook his head.
Dean refused to back down, staring him right in the eyes. Tilting his head slightly, Cas laughed, putting his hands in his pockets. As infuriating as that was, Dean tried not to let on.
Dean couldn't argue with that logic. Pushing Castiel off of him slightly, he quickly took his pajamas off and stepped into the now hot shower, Cas following immediately after him and shutting the shower door.
His efforts not to cry had failed, and tears fell from his eyes so heavily that he could hardly see. Charlie let out a quiet sob, and he hugged her almost instantly at the sound. She clung to him like she'd die if she let go, letting her broken tears soak his t-shirt as he held her just as tightly. Looking up at the ceiling, he blinked in an effort to clear his eyes and get a breath that didn't just fuel his relentless sobs. His wish wasn't granted, not for a while.
Once the coordinator was sure the set crew was good to go, she set them up in their starting positions again, this time in the actual room. Any necessary blood capsules were distributed, and then she was off. There was a bit of scene before it, but they'd shot it previously. Today was just for fighting, and Dean couldn't find it in himself to even pretend to be disappointed by that idea.
Heading to the bathroom, he decided to take care of the problem that Novak had caused by removing his date just when things were getting interesting. Throwing his clothes off and starting the shower, he stepped under the warm spray, letting his head fall back with a relieved sigh. Letting his hand move downward and close around his cock, he let a quiet groan slip from between his lips. He began moving his hand in a steady rhythm, periodically slowing to run his thumb over his slit and tip or to gently massage his balls. It wasn't long before he knew he was close, and he was trying desperately to be quiet. As he leaned his other hand against the shower wall, he painted, picking up the pace. He was desperate, picturing that girl and her perfect body, her perfect lips, those stunningly blue eyes...
"Of course I've been fucking avoiding you," he sneered, seeing the other's face darken but refusing to back down. "You know I can't stand your ass, and you've been nothing but a dick to everyone, including me, since you got on set."
"What was that for?" Dean asked quietly. Cas ran a thumb over his cheek, that same smile still playing on his lips.
With shaking hands, Sam came back to his seat and nearly fell into it, grasping Dean like he was a lifeline when he caught him in a hug. Sobs wracked his frame as the service continued in a blur, and Dean felt helpless to fix it. As Sam had said, there truly was no one like Jess, no way to fill that hole she had left. This wasn't something they could make go away, and the finality of that brought a deep sense of loss and rage at the unfairness of it all. He found himself clutching onto Sam just as tightly as he was being held, overwhelmed by the reality that Jess was really, permanently out of their lives.
Cas snorted slightly, that incredulous look back on his face as he stared at Dean. He leaned back from Dean slightly to give him a look, not letting go of him as he did so.
A few days after he got back, they decided to do another day of action sequence shooting, and he was prepared to have the time of his life again. After getting hair and makeup on, he headed out to the main shooting area. Finding the stunt coordinator was pretty easy when she was surrounded by stunt gear. Giving a small snort and just how much she had, he walked up to her to get the rundown. His grin only got bigger with each part of the plan she explained to him. Today would be a good day.
"What? What is it?" He asked, and Dean simply slid his phone over to where Cas could read it. The article that said that the driver who had killed Jess was adamantly claiming that it was her fault and that he wouldn't spend a day in jail. The article that said that despite the guy having an illegal blood-alcohol content, he was from a rich family who fully intended to get him off the hook entirely. The article that said that the family was slandering Jess and trying to make it sound like she was at fault.
Cas walked Dean back to his trailer after they had returned the costumes and gotten their makeup off, teasing the whole way. Dean found them sinking into that familiar rhythm they had found over their weeks of friendly behavior, and it was comforting. It was a new normal.
"I hope you know that I'll get you for that shit," he said, and Dean simply laughed harder.
Dean came with a wail, Cas following right behind him. He felt the warmth fill him up as he clung to Castiel for dear life, the only thing holding Dean up their shaky grips on one another. When they both came back to themselves, Cas gave Dean a lopsided smile.
Sam was holding the sweatshirt that he always left at Dean's for himself, the one that Jess always made a point of stealing from him. Without a word, Sam put it on, clutching it around himself like it could run from him. Without a single word, he slid into the bed beside Charlie, and Dean turned the lights off, letting the darkness and the warmth of his friends at his back soothe his aching head and the hole in his chest.
"Always," Castiel answered immediately. Dean tried not to think about how sudden it was said, how sure he sounded. Because if he did, he would have to think about what that meant. And he couldn't afford to do that right then.
Finally, they stopped laughing, settling down a bit. They turned the tv back on and started Mario Kart again, all the while pestering Dean about it with infinite questions. After they ran out, Jess put together a mental timeline.
Panting, Cas snapped his hips into Dean sharply and without mercy, a strangled cry leaving Dean at the feeing. A punishing pace was set, and their mouths clashed, a mess of teeth and tongues and desperate breaths. This was the most needy and involved sex Dean had ever had, and he was pretty sure it would ruin any future sex with anyone less enthusiastic. Changing the angle slightly, Cas finally found the perfect spot, making Dean scream out a moan and drag his nails down Cas's back. Smirking against Dean's lips, he let out a simple phrase.
At some point, Novak had gotten dressed too, and had almost left before realizing that something was massively wrong with Dean. He crouched down in front of Dean, eyes far more panicked than Dean would have thought they would be for someone he considered an enemy. Finally, he and Sam said their goodbyes, and Dean let go, sobbing brokenly as Novak sat down next to him and let him lean on him. Dean wasn't sure why he was being so kind suddenly, but he needed it and he wasn't about to ask now.
Glancing around the table, Dean saw that everyone seemed game, so he turned to the girls and smiled brightly. "For sure."
Finally, Dean could take it no more. He tried to gasp out a warning to Castiel, but it came far too late to help either of them. Within seconds, he was coming, his head hitting the floor below him hard and hands digging into Cas's back in an attempt to be quiet. Castiel's thrusts got sloppy, and within a few moments of Dean, he was finishing as well. He stayed hovering over Dean, panting and dripping with sweat, as he rode through his orgasm.
Castiel stepped back and peeled his own shirt off, Dean doing the same as he threw his shirt to the floor. In seconds, Castiel was on him again, sucking and nipping at his chest. He rolled Dean's left nipple in his fingers while mouthing the other, getting a rather violent moan from Dean as his head flew back against the wall. He could almost feel the smug bastard's smirk, and Dean was fucking tired of playing games. Yanking him back up, he reconnected their lips, rolling his hips on Castiel's in order to get his message across. Cas laughed, moving back slightly.
Within a few seconds, Jess had gestured to them, the server ready to lead them to their table. They followed, but Dean kept track of where the two girls were standing, and they hadn't moved yet. Maybe they wouldn't get up the nerve to do so. Sometimes people didn't.
Sam raised a questioning brow toward Charlie, and she nodded tersely without a word. He nodded back slowly, sighing and taking a drink. Jess just shook her head, changing the topic with Sam and Charlie as Dean sat, brows drawn together and not listening to a word they said.
"Sam. Thank god. How are you holding up? Have you slept as little as I have?" He questioned, sitting up slightly.
"You two had a bet on if I would fuck Novak?" He asked, receiving a nod through laughter. "And you bet that I would?" Another nod. He really would have thought it would be the other way around, but then again, Jess always was the smart one.
Immediately, he was met with the beginnings of the chaos. There weren't any official articles yet, but the rumors had spread into full swing, and despite all hopes, the picture had begun to spread like fire. A joyful hashtag by the name of #GayDeanWinchester had already started, and Dean wanted to fucking scream. Putting his phone down, he realized that his hands were so tightly clenched that he had begun to crush his can. Setting it down as well, he was saved from his thoughts by the sound of his door opening downstairs.
"Home it is."
"Because, my dear friend, today is the day we do the stunt sequence that leads into the sex scene. Which means..." he trailed off, watching as Cas's eyes got wider and then moved to give Dean the same sharp, wicked look.
Despite the obvious rage that Novak's heaving chest and glare pushed off, Dean decided he didn't give a fuck and would be pushing his buttons. Again.
She talked his ear off the whole time she did his makeup, thankfully not addressing any of the big things that had happened to him recently. He knew that she knew; fuck, the whole crew had gotten notified. But he was so grateful that she was distracting him from his problems instead of talking about them. That may have just been so he didn't cry and ruin his makeup, though. Hey, either way was fine with him.
Sitting down next to Jess, he did a double take, looking over at her again and raising an eyebrow. She looked back at him innocently.
Sitting up slowly, he rubbed a hand over his face, trying to make sure no one's clothes were on his floor. Nope, all good. Letting out a breath of relief, he got up and made his way to the closet, throwing a sweatshirt on and shuffling out to the living room in his boxers. Immediately, he noticed Sam on the couch, Jess curled half on top of him. He had thrown an arm over her in his sleep, and Dean smiled, shaking his head. If those two didn't end up together, he was certain that love was dead.
Managing to have some semblance of balance again, he let go of the counter and turned, taking a deep breath. Once he was sure he was stable, he started making his way to the living room, where the music was loud enough that you couldn't hear a soul.  Immediately, a girl caught his eye where she was dancing. She was fucking stunning, with long, dark hair, bright eyes, and a body that put models to shame. As he'd been looking, she had apparently noticed, coming over to where he was and dancing near him, then with her hands on his shoulders and his hands on her hips. Before he knew it, she was so close that she was practically pressed up against his body, and he couldn't help the groan that fell from his lips as he tightened his hold on her hips. Despite how drunk he was, he could feel his dick twitching to life at the moment.
"Now, what do we do about that?"
"Are you fucking serious? I've been pissed off all week, very obviously because of the news about whatever the fuck happened between us, and not only do you come to see me, you make it as suspicious as all fuck. What the hell is wrong with you? Was being near me and pissing me off not enough for you? You had to come piss me off in private, too?" Dean spat.
"I'm excited to be here, like I said. This movie seems like it's gonna be incredible. If anything, I'm glad you wanted me to work on it," Dean responded, stopping as Thomas did. Thomas smiled at him, gesturing to the costume department door.
one I can trust. Not because you were some backup plan, Dean. I assumed you understood that by now, though I am sorry if this is inconvenient for you."
Dean huffed a quiet laugh and nodded before blinking at empty air. His heart sank, and then petrified altogether as his brother’s stupid, sweaty face filled his line of sight.
The sign for Lebanon zipped by and his heart hurled itself against his Adam’s apple. Whether it was in protest or anticipation he wasn’t sure, but either way dread knotted itself at the back of his throat as they made their final approach to the bunker.
“You make it sound as though I’m carnivorous,” was Cas’ mild reproach, accented by a playful shove of elbows. Dean relished it entirely, even though he'd have to reckon with the fact that he’d kind of just half-flirted with the angel later. Future Dean could deal with that.
“I’m not sure in which universe you’re picturing me getting involved in this,” Sam grumbles, letting Cas by. The angel treats the younger Winchester to a soft smile before poking Dean in the shoulder. His finger looks particularly smite-y.
, damnit. This kiss was an event, a big fucking happening - like the Dark Crystal becoming whole again, like Luke blowing up the Death Star - and Dean was lost to this massive realignment of his universe before he could even properly appreciate that this was also most likely a goodbye.
“Okay, so just… uh...just rest until the spell wears off,” Dean suggested unhelpfully, releasing him.
“I won’t,” Cas barked right back. The resolve steeling his tone summoned a fresh swell of shudders to spill over every inch of Dean’s frame. “I know how this magic works. It wouldn't have made you react to Sam, after all. The only other option is me, and our bond
“There are more of them, I mean," Dean clarifies.
“You’ve uh, never done
Castiel had deemed the concept verticality obsolete. He was now fully leaning on Dean if the faint scratch of a five o’clock (okay, 12:53 AM) shadow now resting against his shoulder was any hint. A faint blue glow was cast against the shimmering feathered cloak, and while the effect was admittedly cozy, Dean forcefully reminded himself that it was only happening because Cas was leaking angelic Force juice. ....Like a toilet.
“Dean,” Cas interjected miserably, his eyes shining, “I rebuilt you from scattered, Hell-scorched atoms. I’ve held your soul in my hands. I fell from Heaven for you. In billions of years of existence, you’re the only thing that has made any of it worthwhile, to me. How do you think I feel? I fail to see how reiterating my love for you helps this situation in any way.”
He already knew the answer of course.
The weak joking was overridden by a deafening woosh, and by the sudden and spectacular appearance of two truck-sized onyx wings. Inexplicably sprouted from Cas’ trenchcoated shoulder-blades, they extended to both walls of the kitchen, scintillating like oil slick and stars, and Dean suddenly just couldn’t get enough air into his lungs. He slid down to the icy tiles, burning bacon and scorched eggs forgotten.
heavenly beings he may or may not have been into, who also happened to sport respectably attractive vessels with kickass wings. It could happen to
His gaze was locked on something deep in the cosmos where Dean couldn’t see, and he whispered “As much as I may have wished it.”
“So uh, flying lesson not going well, huh?”
“Hey, ain’t nobody forcing you to stay down here with us mud monkeys Cas, you’ve made it perfectly clear that you don’t wanna be here unless it’s for me and Sam to do your celestial groceries.”
“I’m going to flip you around now. Don’t struggle.”
He comes up blank but tries for casual.
Dean finally rose from the hard mattress to go to the bathroom, desperate to distract himself from his self-sorry meanderings. His worn frame roared in protest, barely numbed anymore by the warming hum of alcohol. Still, he was filthy and needed to rinse off that day’s particular horrors anyway. The way his bones deeply ached with every step, he momentarily found himself longing for the instantly-effective ministrations of his angelic counterpart, but quickly rebuffed the thought. How easily he’d become instinctively dependent on Cas wasn’t something he cared to dissect just then either. Besides, Cas barely deigned show up anymore unless it was to ask a vague but-always-ridiculously-dangerous favour in the name of his Holy Featherduster Crusades. Maybe that was a good thing. The distance would give Dean time to recover; to find solace in his old, pre-Cas routines. Perhaps he’d gotten careless or lazy over the years; no other hunter had the luxury of a literal angel on their shoulder after all. Still, Dean’s body had suffered a lot lately as a consequence of fighting his way through Cas’ “errands” (aside from the usual slew of Awful that tailed him on the regular), and the trench-coated douche hadn’t even bothered restoring the merchandise. It left the elder Winchester feeling much like a revolving door of ancient weapons and thankless celestial chores. That night, the booze and resentment even led Dean to question the depth of their ambiguous relationship; to wonder if their so-called
“I heard you calling me,” the angel returned immediately. “I was worried.”
to touch them. Hell, he kind of
“Cas…she was fine in the end. We got to you in time,” Dean reassured him.
“Perhaps later, once you’ve rested. And showered,” Cas agreed, a smirk evident in his voice. Dean was still not over how lucky he was. He was working on it.
“Let me,” Cas whispers.
“Grace,” the angel said matter-of-factly, from right behind him. “Though right now, I’m not entirely certain.”
Dean swallowed squarely over the foot in his throat.
, all up in his space, to the point where he and Cas were cocooned in a sort of feathery confessional. It was almost impossible
“Also, I have a bet going with Eileen so….back me up here.”
“They seal their soul deals with kisses for a reason. I thought that, given the uh, circumstances, borrowing their technique couldn’t hurt.”
“Yeah but-”
“Jesus Christ, Cas...” Dean gasped in barely-contained horror, “Hey look at me! Cas?! Open your eyes, dammit!”
“‘Kay, awesome,” Dean barked. “Always happy to be your shitty backup plan, Cas.”
He could almost hear the angel’s spine go rigid as he nervously licked his lips, looking up and away once more.
“It’s nothing. Nevermind.”
oozing from the angel’s mouth and various other wounds across his body. Its slow course painted rather ghastly contrast against the pristine white shirt he customarily wore, though the garment hung on by mere clotted strands at this point. Most of the marks were so deadly precise that Dean could only conclude that these were the result of angel blades. Despite his considerable experience in most violent matters, the hunter couldn’t suppress the ball of apprehension constricting the back of his throat at the gory spectacle.
“‘Course. I told you we could handle one little vamp’s nest. We used to do it all by our lonesome long before you showed up, Sparkles.”
“But I like the view,” Cas offered after a moment.
And, just because he could in this strange little moment they’d chiseled out, Dean hugged at Cas’ firm frame once more, tilting his head so that his lips might hover next to his ear.
“Yeah, I
… Dean would later curse himself for forgetting how much the universe took pleasure in fucking with him. For now, he violently recoiled at the pair of concerned blue eyes awaiting him just outside his door. They were attached to 6 feet of solid, stoic angel, with a hand comically poised to knock.
Cas licked his lips in thought, his gaze flickering upwards.
“Okay.”
Jimmy Novak mused unhelpfully, somewhere in Dean’s starlight-burnt brain.
The shabby room blurs until there’s only the comforting rhythm of Cas’s breath sliding down his neck, the minty, electric balm of Cas’ scent, and the unyielding press of Cas’ unfathomable limbs protectively folded all around him.
A heavy pause hangs between them as the halved seraph drags his leaden feet to a halt. He turns to face him, features haggard with fatigue, but eyes bright. They peer undaunted at the hunter almost in challenge. “It’s just… slower. I’m fine.”
(See the end of the chapter for
And then Cas moved a hand to stroke Dean's dick, and he was gone.
After about three weeks of this, they had slowly begun approaching the end of production on the movie. They still had a few weeks of shooting to go, but then it would be promo and trailers time. Dean, as much as he wanted the movie finished to see the full production, found himself dreading the end. Because the end could very well mean the end of whatever weird new animosity he and Cas seemed to have.
As soon as Cas got to the worst part of the article, he looked up, incredulous and with a similar rage to Dean's own resting behind his eyes. Dean took his phone back silently, turning it off and putting it in his pocket again. Cas continued his cooking, with far more slamming than he had previously been doing.
Cas didn't seem to buy it one bit, and Dean had known he wouldn't. They were both actors, he knew better than to believe that shit. Smiling, he turned and began walking back toward the building they'd come from.
"You had better have lube and a condom in here, because I think I might lose my shit if you don't," Cas hissed in his ear, his whole body weight leaning over Dean. Dean tapped a finger on the drawer next to him that contained those items, Cas getting the hint and getting into the drawer for what they needed. Dean could hear the package opening, and then the cap popping. Soon enough, there was a hand on the small of his back and Castiel was leaning over him, working a lube-coated finger inside of Dean.
"'I know I work with him, but Taylor Hammond could rail me like a fucking train,'" she read, and Jess screamed, trying to slap the phone from Charlie's hands while Sam and Dean howled with laughter. They continued to tease her for the rest of the meal, but they knew she didn't mind too much.
Still slowly grinding his hips against Dean's, Cas let the hand under Dean's thigh drift downward to run gently over his hole with his fingertips. Hooking his foot around Cas quickly so his leg wouldn't drop, Dean let his head fall back against the shower wall at the sensation. Castiel immediately took advantage of this, sucking hickeys into his neck and occasionally nipping with his teeth. Dean hated to admit how much he liked the little bites and the soothing kisses afterwards, but they had his mind melting.
"What the fuck is wrong with them? They come onto your property, take a picture of a private moment of yours, and then out you online? What the fuck is their problem?" She raved, shaking her head as her mouth twisted.
They sit in comfortable silence for a little while, just settled on Dean's couch. After about ten minutes, however, Charlie breaks that silence rather suddenly.
Dean's chest felt like it was tightening at the word funeral. He had known there would be one, of course, but hearing it out loud made it too... real. Choking back tears, he answered Sam.
Jess and Dean were once again losing their shit at this spectacle, and in the middle of this, the doorbell rang with the food Dean had ordered. Jess volunteered to go grab it, heading downstairs to meet the delivery guy. Charlie and Sam had settled down a bit, but Dean had never seen Charlie give anyone a look that murderous. Sam was on thin fucking ice, it seemed.
"You were out, and people supported you. I know I could be, could have been, but I'm barely accepting of it myself. I was jealous of you because you knew who you were, and you didn't hate yourself for it," Dean sighed. Cas put a hand on his cheek again, and Dean couldn't help leaning into it.
"Asshole," he hissed.
Dean threw his head back, a strangled moan of pain and pleasure tearing itself from his throat as his hands dug into Cas's shoulder blades, scrambling for purchase. There was no slow start, no warm up. The punishing pace that Cas set was instantaneous, and Dean didn't mind one bit. Cas's hands had found a death grip on his hips, and Dean could feel his nails breaking the skin as he thrust roughly into him.
As Dean had suspected, they made great chemistry, the friend group dynamic flowing naturally as they all went into character. Dean's character, Harris, was in the seat near the window, leaning against it slightly as they all talked and joked. The scene went nearly flawlessly, ending with them leaving out the front of the building after finishing their meal. As soon as Thomas cut the scene, he came over with notes. It was simple shit, mostly, but it would help the scene come together.
Dean gulped down a sob, finding himself overwhelmed. Not sure what to do, he held Castiel in a similar way to the one he was being held in, and Cas closed the gap between them. He slid his lips onto Dean's in a way that was far more gentle than any kiss before, and Dean melted into the touch, a quiet cry escaping him. Cas cradled his body in his arms as he kissed him, not letting him think. Finally, he pulled away, looking into Dean's eyes as he rested his forehead against Dean's own. Cas let out a shaky laugh and closed his eyes, tears falling down his cheeks as Dean watched. Without thinking, Dean reached up and gently wiped them away. Cas's eyes shot open in surprise, but he didn't jerk away. He just gave Dean a small smile.
"We need to shower," Dean said, nodding toward the bathroom in the trailer. Cas nodded, removing his arm completely and standing, then helping Dean up. As they went to move to the bathroom, Dean heard a knock on the door to the trailer.
In the days that followed, Dean found that more and more often he was reacting to his grief like touching his hand to a stove. As soon as he would notice it, he would jerk himself out of his head and force himself to concentrate on something, anything. He knew that it was a bad idea in the long run, but right then, it felt easier. And he wasn't about to pass that up.
Either way, he finally managed to find Sam and give the dumb bitch his shoe, and Sam smiled like Dean had given him a puppy. Also drunk off his ass, Sam held the shoe up in both hands and slurred, "my shoe!"
He didn't have time to think about what had just come to mind as he finished, mind going blank as he held himself up. Once he was sure his legs wouldn't fall out from under him, he washed himself off and then shut the water off, stepping out with a towel running through his hair. As much as he wanted to avoid the thought at hand, he couldn't, not in the slightest.
"I was on your team, motherfucker, and you betrayed me," Sam said, laying down on the coffee table and half on Charlie, who was losing her shit by then after realizing what had happened. Dean looked at Jess, incredulous.
When he finally did wake up, he was certain his head was going to explode. Groaning quietly, he turned away from the window, massaging his temple. What the fuck had happened last night?
"You're good to go, my man!" She said, hitting him on the back lightly. He stood and smiled at her, making his way out and past Novak. Except, that time, he caught him watching him leave in the mirror.
He laughed, shaking his head. Dean sighed dramatically before answering.
"You guys are assholes, but you're helpful assholes," he teases, and Sam snorts. It's the first time Dean's heard him laugh since Jess, and he can't deny that the sound is a welcome one.
"Ok, Dean. Text if you need me, you got it? We're in this together, so don't do that shit that you do where things get hard and you shut everyone out and refuse to deal with it," Sam said, still managing to sound stern. Dean glanced over at the sleeping Cas, answering quietly.
"What the fuck do I do now?”
The driver tried to protest, but Dean leveled him with a look, and the car was stopped. Stepping out, Dean slammed the door and marched onto his front sidewalk. Jody was standing there, staring at his house. She turned to him, the rage only a mother could have engrained on her face.
"Hey, Dean," Sam's tired voice drifted through the phone.
"You get your ass kicked in that fight, or are you just hung over?" He teased. Sam flipped him off, but still answered.
"Sorry, I'm really not feeling well. We might have to postpone for a bit or maybe do the scene tomorrow," he called back, ignoring the answer as he and Castiel reached the bathroom and shut the door quickly.
Eventually, Dean felt the hand move away, then felt Cas's breathing even out. He must not have slept much the previous night. As a matter of fact, Dean hadn't really, either. With a small yawn, he let himself drift off to sleep against Cas.
Cas stood from his place rooting around in the fridge, shutting the door and turning to face Dean. He jumped slightly, and Dean let out a tired snort.
"Good to see that you're awake, Dean. I'm not surprised, since you left your own party early," he said, a bit of bite in his tone that Dean decided to ignore. "Anyway, I'm calling because I have another job opportunity to discuss with you."
"Samuel! Those breadsticks are handcrafted by god! How dare you say they taste like a shitty stale everything bagel!" Charlie shrieked. Sam threw his hands up, immediately starting in as well.
Turning to face the room, Sam swallowed hard, and Dean hoped for him that he wouldn't have to stop talking because of tears at any point. Taking a deep breath, Sam began to speak.
Dean was clutching his sides, and he found himself falling onto the step to his trailer as he tried to stop his laughter and catch a breath. Cas was sitting up on his elbows, laughing still. Dean finally managed to catch his breath, shaking his head at Cas.
Before he could say another word, one of Cas's hands came up to cup Dean's face gently as he obliged him. He leaned back into the pillows, letting Dean lean on his slightly reclined chest as he slotted their lips together carefully. If he felt or heard the shaky breath of relief that Dean let out, he didn't indicate it, continuing to kiss Dean as he brought his other hand up to his face as well.
Dean sat down again, confused as hell and even more pissed off than he'd been before. Was this some fucking mind game Novak was playing? No, it couldn't be; he'd looked just as shocked as Dean felt. Then why did he start it? And why did Dean go with it for a minute?
"I'm right here, man," he said, and Sam nodded before releasing him and turning to the front as well. Dean was left to his thoughts for only a few minutes, however, before the service was started. It went for a few minutes as a blur, and then the officiant introduced Sam to give a eulogy. Dean glanced up, but he was hardly surprised. Squeezing Sam's shoulder before he went, he felt the empty feeling in his chest threaten to well up at the mechanical way Sam seemed to walk up to the front. He hardly seemed like a person, hardly his energetic self.
"From where, motherfucker? From where? You're a lying piece of shit!" She yelled, continuing to hit him. Dean was laughing his ass off, and Jess was still in the corner, looking like she wanted to shoot both of them.
Walking back to set slowly, he saw the director talking to Novak's agent. Shit, what the hell was he trying to pull here? Was this a deeper plan than Dean had thought, after all?
Dean actually did snort at that, turning away to try to curb his laughter. It didn't work, because Cas was wiggling his eyebrows at him when he turned back around. A cackle pulled itself from Dean, and they ended up laughing until they were in tears. Finally, the stunt coordinator had had enough of their shit, smacking them both on the back and pointing to the pile of gear.
"You know, it's crazy what you can get away with with a good enough lawyer," he said, laughing at Dean's flustered noises of indignation.
They were right, actually, he did have cameras there. Switching to the app that let him view his footage, he accessed the camera that had a front view of his house. Rewinding back until he saw someone, he released and grinned. The dumb ass hadn't even bothered covering his face. Relaying this information to Sam and Charlie, he was met with enthusiasm.
“No, god damn it, you idiot!" Charlie yelled as one girl ran directly toward the killer in her effort to get away. Sam was groaning in annoyance at the character as well, and Jess was curled into his side. Of all of them, she was the one who liked horror the least, and was prone to using Sam as a teddy bear when she got scared.
"So you liked being called princess, huh?"
His breathing fell even before Dean could talk around how choked up he had gotten, and after giving up on responding, Dean himself drifted off as well.
Finally, they had all finished, so they paid and gathered their things. It was almost four in the afternoon by then, so it hadn't exactly been the conventional timing for lunch, but they didn't mind. Heading outside, Dean shot a text to the driver to have him come grab them. It wasn't a minute later when he showed up out front, and they all loaded into the back again.
Pulling himself back from Dean, he gave him one final peck and a wave over his shoulder as he disappeared toward the road. Dean stood still for a second, then let his fingers ghost over his lips. That was incredible, and Cas had to have known what he was doing.
It had been about two weeks since the party, and Dean had gotten the script for the new movie about a week previous. As he read through it, he found himself more and more excited for the filming to start, Novak be damned. He'd never gotten to play a character that was designed to go off the deep end, and frankly, he had always wanted to. By the time that the beginning date for filming arrived, he found himself up early and unable to sit still.
Almost ten minutes later, the set was good and they were ready for them. Dean headed on, getting seated at the table he was supposed to be at for the scene. It was set in a cafe in the city, so he was perfectly happy about the coffee they gave him to drink at one point in the scene. Because, after all, when had he been known to pass up caffeine?
It didn't take long until his mind managed to drift to his problems again, as much as he hated it. He felt himself tearing up slightly at the thought of Jess and wiped his face harshly, blinking them back. Crying was one of his least favorite things, and he didn't have the patience for it today. Maybe later, but not now.
As soon as he got in the door, he could hear the yelling from upstairs. Going up as quickly as he could, he walked into his living room to see Sam and Charlie playing Mario Kart and shrieking at each other while Jess took turns trying to sabotage them. Sam and Charlie were, as usual, sitting on his coffee table, and Jess was on the couch behind them. Hearing Dean come up, Jess turned, smiling. However, this immediately dropped, a shocked expression covering it.
Getting his tears under control slightly, he sat up a bit off of Castiel's chest, his face not three inches from Cas's own. Taking a shaky breath, he held onto Cas's face.
"Yep, that's the spot," he said, angling to hit there every time. Dean was barely breathing trying to keep up, rocking back to meet Cas's thrusts into him. God, this was the roughest sex he'd ever had to date, not that he was complaining. It wasn't long before he felt himself coming very close to the edge.
"Hi, we're huge fans of the four of you," she said, and the other girl nodded. "Would you mind if we get a picture with you?"
Dean was so distracted by Cas's mouth that he almost missed the intrusion of the first finger into him, shuddering as the sensation became obvious to him and clutching at Cas's shoulders harshly. Cas let out a light chuckle, working his finger into him carefully as he continued his assault on Dean's neck. Within minutes, he had worked up to three fingers, Dean scratching down his back and groaning.
"Yeah, pretty much," he answered, and she threw her hands up, giving him an exasperated look. He raised an eyebrow, confused.
"What the fuck is wrong with you?" Sam spat, stepping closer to Dean angrily. "All she did was care about you enough to ask, and you practically bit her head off! Sure, she shouldn't have brought your dad into it like that, but she was right! You're sending yourself down the same path you always swore you wouldn't." Sam sighed, a hurt look crossing his face before it settled on disappointment. "Feel free to call us when you've decided to stop trying to ruin your own life."
"Are you fucking kidding me, Crowley?" Dean shouted into the phone, having called his agent just to be pissy. "You couldn't have done anything at all? God damnit!"
Following the flow of people into the party area, he smiled, letting the atmosphere surround him and taking a deep breath. He leaned his head back with a sigh, laughing and then walking to a gathering small crowd of people by the drinks. Spotting a few of his favorite people, he made his way over to them to say hi.
Immediately, silence fell. Dean felt his face harden, saw Charlie immediately realize what she'd done. She started to stutter out an apology, eyes widening, but he didn't give a fuck. Not right then.
"Of course, I've known you forever. How dare you say pretend!" Will pushed Erica slightly, and she  gave him her best glare, which he ignored.
Afterwards, they went on lunch and got the second scene all set up, costume change included. Another few hours later, they were wrapping for the day, Thomas seeming very pleased with everyone.
"Shut the fuck up," he said, but he was definitely smiling, and Jess giggled quietly. Finishing breakfast, Dean put everything on plates and beckoned the two over. They came eagerly, grabbing their plates and sitting at the countertop, eating enthusiastically. Sam looked around, brows furrowed.
"Get your shit on," she said, a slight European accent in her voice. "We've gotta get going if we want all of this done today."
Slamming a chair as he sat down in it, he didn't say a word as Charlie sat next to him, also brooding. She didn't like the bastard any more than Dean did.
"Thank you," he whispered, and Castiel nodded before turning to leave, the glint of tears coming back to his eye as he vanished out the doorway. Dean let another sob out before heading outside to find his driver. Hopefully, if anyone asked, Novak would tell them what happened and why he'd left. He couldn't believe it, but he really thought he would.
His throat felt like it was closing up, tears running down his cheeks against his will. Castiel was walking closer, but Dean couldn't bear to look at him. He closed his eyes and waited, flinching slightly at the unexpected feeling of hands cradling his face. Carefully, he opened his eyes, apprehension lighting his nerves on fire. But the sight he was met with wasn't the anger he had expected.
"She told you to get your god damn hands off of her," Sam spat, and the guy got closer to Sam, obviously pissed. The girl hiding behind Sam was no other than Jess, and Dean could feel his blood boiling as he realized what had happened. Walking over, he gently tapped Jess, who jumped and then hugged him, ready to go to a different room as far from this guy as possible. Sam turned, seeing Dean and waiting. Dean hated fights in his house, so Sam never started one without Dean's permission.
That was how Dean found himself in his living room, plastered, with a bunch of Hollywood's wilder members in his house and music blasting. He didn't remember inviting people, but he must have at some point, either that or his friends did. Either way, he didn't particularly give a shit. It was a fun fucking party.
Darting around moving set pieces until he got to the area where the assistants had laid out some morning food and coffee, he grabbed the one they'd put his name on and took a long drink. It was damn good, as they'd learned he liked caramel and started making him fantastic caramel coffee. Sitting down in his chair off to the side of set, he drank his coffee and ran over lines for the day.
Dean woke to the soft light filtering in and the quiet snores of Charlie, somehow just as exhausted as he had been when he had gone to bed the night before. Carefully sitting up so as not to wake her, he glanced over and saw that Sam was no longer there. Picking his phone up from his night stand, he saw a text from Sam there.
Looking back down at the table, he found himself reaching for one of the bottles and hurling it into the wall beside the tv. The energy left him just as quickly as it came, and the tears finally began to fall. Why could nothing just go right? Just one god damned time?
"One of these days, you'll discover your undying love for me," Cas said, letting Dean help him up. He leaned closer to Dean's ear, giggling to himself. "Or, at least, admit your love for my dick."
"I'm Rayna," she said, immediately getting to work on his makeup. "I'll be in charge of your makeup basically though the whole movie. Obviously it'll be a team for fight scene makeup, but otherwise you can expect to see me when you come in here."
About ten minutes later, he was home, and the dumbasses were already there, cars in his driveway. Thanking the driver, he got out and walked to the door, trying his best to look like he wasn't limping. Novak was huge, as much as it pained him to admit. Of course that motherfucker had even that.
When they had all calmed down a bit, they looked over what was going on in the scene and ran lines quickly, making sure everyone knew each character name and who it was associated with. Dean was glad that this group had natural chemistry as it was, because it would make acting like real and close friends much easier than if they hated each other. He had been there, and it had sucked more than he'd like to admit.
Dean had thought god damn wrong.
As soon as it was shut, he had Dean pushed against the shower wall, lifting under one of his thighs so it rested against his hip. Dean moaned involuntarily at the slow slide of skin on skin as their cocks came in contact. Fuck, he always forgot how big Castiel was until he was touching it.
Dean laughed, turning his phone off as he heard a knock on the door. There was his coffee. Grinning, he walked downstairs to get it. The driver smiled and handed it to him, and Dean nodded, walking back into the house as the door closed behind him. He felt his phone buzz again and grabbed it, assuming that it was the group chat again. However, it was Crowley, and Dean didn't appreciate the message he saw.
Once they managed to actually shower, they got out and went to Dean's room, getting dressed in comfortable silence. They were ready to go not five minutes before they had to leave, Dean shooting his driver a text to get him. On second thought, he shot him another text about his... house guest. The less reaction was shown, the better.
But, to be more accurate to the situation, they had been getting a lot closer lately. They weren't exactly mortal enemies these days, and they did already do a lot of things that couples did accidentally. Maybe it wouldn't be the end if he admitted that he...
"That was my manager. I have a meeting I can't miss, and he wants me there as soon as I can be," Cas said, grabbing his shoes. "If you need me again, whether it be today or in two weeks, text me and I'll show up." Cas gave him a serious look, standing by the stairs. "I know what it's like to lose someone, Dean. To want to curl in on yourself and let it fester. Promise me you won't do that to yourself," Cas whispered.
The rest of the movie went relatively smoothly, with a few more characters dying, but a few escaping in the end and getting far away from the killer. As soon as the movie ended, Dean turned the lights on for Jess's benefit. She sighed in relief, moving away from her death grip on Sam. Sam stretched lazily, finally able to move again now that Jess had unlatched. Charlie shook her head, helping Dean throw the food trash away as she did.
"Dean, we don't get along professionally, and we don't always get along socially, but I don't hate you. Not like I used to, not anymore. Because if anything, this has made me realize that we're both just people. This whole hating each other shit? It's stupid. And as for why I came over," he continued, leaning into the counter, "I came over because I lost a close friend years ago, and I know exactly what this feels like. Plus, Jess was an incredible person, and I can't say that I'm not feeling a little bit of what you are too."
He regretted it as soon as he'd done it, but it was too late for that now. However, a few minutes later, his phone buzzed, and he quickly checked it, hope rising in his chest despite himself.
He was jolted from his thoughts by Sam nudging him and handing him his phone. He raised an eyebrow at Sam, who answered quickly.
Dean cursed his bad manners mentally, moving to let Castiel in. Scanning him up and down as they moved upstairs, he noticed several things consecutively.
"Fuck me before I fight you, asshole," he managed, but it sounded less threatening and more desperate and breathy.
Dean was holding onto Cas like he would die if he let go, kissing him even as tears rolled down his face. He felt Cas move his thumbs periodically to wipe his tears away as he kissed him, and the way that he was practically cradling Dean's shaking form. Finally, Dean came up for air to see that Cas's own eyes were also red-rimmed. A small huff of empty laughter found its way out of his chest as he wiped the tears off of Cas's face.
It took less than ten seconds for Dean to connect those dots. After all, it wasn't rocket science.
Dean felt like time had stopped all around him for the second time in a week. This had to be some kind of cosmic fucking karma. First one of his best friends dies, and then he gets outed by the paparazzi because he was kissing a guy he can hardly stand half the time. This was getting fucking ridiculous at this point.
He heard Castiel snort in amusement, muttering something about how Dean "really was a prissy fucking princess." If Dean flushed a bit at the memory that produced, Castiel didn't need to know that. Nor did anyone else.
"Good luck not getting murdered by makeup for that," he said, and laughed at Dean's dismayed look. Shooing him out the door, Isaiah closed it behind Dean as he made his way to makeup, quite possibly slower than usual. For multiple reasons.
Soon enough, the waitress returned with the drinks they'd ordered, and they all quickly ordered their food, already knowing what they wanted to eat. Charlie dove into the breadsticks as soon as they arrived a moment later, Dean following her on that endeavor. Jess only ate one, trying to save room for her meal. Sam, the sick bastard that he was, didn't even touch them. Dean still couldn't believe him.
"Listen, I was as confused as you are, ok? I couldn't exactly tell you when I didn't even know!" He said, getting a groan from Jess. Jess turned to look at the two still playing Mario Kart, addressing Charlie.
"I'm sorry," Cas whispered. "Sorry that that happened to you, sorry that you can't seem to win, sorry that this is so confusing. I was exactly where you were, still am sometimes. But our fathers will never be right about us. Because there is nothing wrong with loving people."
Cas greets him with a quiet smile as he plucks his way through the wing folded against his chest.
“Not like this,” he dutifully recited over and over.
Dean was looking for the conspicuously missing peanut butter when he noticed an even more telling absence.
“Yeah I get it, Cas,” he had to admit, stupefied. “This is awesome. You’re… awesome.”
“... You deserve better than some weaponized valentine’s gimmick, Cas.”
allowed to leave the building - remember what happened to your buddy Cyriel? He went snap crackle pop and we’re not doing that. We’re
From his lips poured the familiar tingle of Grace trickling down into his limbs, knitting his wounds back together. Dean bristled in dissent, given how dangerously drained Cas had been mere hours ago, but the firm squeeze on his shoulders had been warning enough.
? Cas, for fuck’s sake, you almost offed yourself healing half this shithole town. You’re
Tonight was different.
their victims.) He did a quick sweep of the room, which revealed no such exposed Angel of the Lord anywhere. Dean shook himself from his Inappropriate Morning Thoughts™ and attempted instead to find relief in the clothing totem’s conspicuous absence of pants.
eventually devolved into lazy groans of delight. That was just fine with Dean, and far more than he’d expected from this garbage fire of a day.
helping, okay? These people they…they don’t-”
Since he had no choice but to stagger backwards at the wings’ behest, he fanned his fingers over his unrelenting feathery prison.
“I’m sure you were, Dr Phil.”
It’s supplication, command and invitation all at once, and Dean can only nod, feeling the coarse graze of stubble like live current in his marrow. Or maybe that’s just the cool sizzle of Grace righting his scrambled atoms as Cas pulls him closer, but he doesn’t really care.
He was having trouble not getting too Oprah about the whole thing in fact, because these things were
His voice was so low, so close, that Dean thought fleetingly that one small stretch of his neck would allow him to stifle it with his mouth.
There wasn’t any way in the universe he was going to finish that sentence.
Dean stared at him intently for a while before his sarcasm rolodex ultimately took over.
The thing is, Sam’s not dumb.
“Dean?”
Dean grumpily snags his coffee cups and hesitates under his brother’s cheeky surveillance, not wanting to give him the satisfaction. He doesn't even extend him the customary
“I’ll
Increasing concern soon overriding his ponderings, he hastily pulled on a fresh t-shirt and poked his head out the front door. He gained nothing but the retina burn of a sun-scorched concrete parking lot for his efforts. However, now that he was outside, he was privy to a vague gasping sound which sent his stomach plummeting to his bare feet. He hastily equipped his knife in anticipation of some otherworldly encounter going wrong (because fuck his life, obviously) and bolted out the door.
. And did Cas unexpectedly utter a sound in response that Dean would remember to his dying day? Shockingly, also
The other bed was left gloriously unmentioned while feathers pulled inwards, encasing Dean in a blanket of living, pulsing warmth. Perhaps they were both feeling bolder than usual.
Sam squeezes his shoulders with a grin and heads them out.
“Come on Cas, work with me here.  Aren’t there
Cas stirred slightly. Dean could have sworn there were hands on his cheeks again, and a soft brush of lips against his forehead. His suspicions were too soon extinguished by the gentle brush of grace for him to really tell.
“Uhuh,” he said, swiftly regaining his feet. He had to escape the incoming tidal wave of embarrassment, or at least hide the wooly evidence for all time.
“Relax, Feathers. As long as you’re sure I won’t be violating your celestial honor by helping you with this.”
“Cas?” he prompted again, after several tense moments. His dark head wobbled uselessly at Dean’s nudge.
“You… your wings,” he tries.
“So, I’ll anchor you. Just uh… flap slowly.”
Trench-coat, cheap dress shirt and formal navy overcoat were all ceremoniously stacked on the sad piece of seating in fact, with a striped blue tie carefully planted atop the mountain like a cheery, bureaucratic flag.
necessity. That Sam enthusiastically volunteered for that kind of research was one of the more welcome perks of being brothers with a total geek. Lately though, Sam’s idea of unwinding had forgone books and defunct websites entirely, and mostly involved dive bars and cheap hookups. Dean
The mirror was cracked and grey, but it nevertheless served up his haggard reflection with merciless clarity.
“At least it would be more comfortable,” Dean grumbled sourly. “My nads are gonna shrivel and die.”
“...Dean?”
the latter was enough to fill a couple of phone books, but they kept going. That was the important part:
“He’s
Cas was serving him the tired, glassy-eyed version of the (Celestial) People’s Eyebrow, but it was interrupted by another bout of just,
“Sure, Cas. It’s the
sure he’d never sucked face with an angel before thank-you-very-much, but flashes of red hair and big brown eyes imposed themselves mid-thought.
He seemed so frankly pleased by this small development that Dean was thrown for a loop, somewhere out near Saturn.
“What is
Dean smirks at the banality of it all. A sublime, winged vision from the pages of some unknowable, hallowed legend dutifully watering his spindly Charlie-Brown of a tomato plant, while he blows the steam from the filter-coffee in his gas-station bumblebee mug. Gettin’ his tan on. It's utterly ridiculous, but Dean kind of loves it. (And that’s where he very deliberately puts a stop to
” Dean snickered.
“There isn’t time. My vessel is failing. I don’t…”
He finds it easier than he’d imagined to let himself come apart this way, with Cas panting a hungry rhythm against his heat-flecked chest, where Dean can tether his fingers into dark, debauched hair, press his mouth to the throbbing expanses of warm skin and follow the sinuous ebb and flow of naked hips beneath his fingers.
“Calm down Big Bird, no need to get personal. I’m just saying, it’s like an engine. You can’t just throw it into overdrive right off the bat, you have to work your way up the gears. Y’know. Ease’r into it.”
