“-Watson,” the man finished for him, shaking himself out of whatever trance he was in. He seemed exhausted, as if he hadn’t slept over the night, though John supposed he probably looked the same. The man dropped his bottle of water just outside of the ropes and slid out of his sports jacket. He wore the same tight workout clothing the crew was collectively given, though he wore it considerably better than most.
Glimpses of a dented car and the fading bruise on John’s right shoulder came to mind, but it was only pushed away with annoyance.
Down in the labs, it was quiet. Mike cut through halls with familiarity, nodding to the occasional student. It was becoming late afternoon, on a Thursday, which meant that this calmness must be the norm.
“End of term,” Mike explained, fiddling with his tea bag. “I like making my finals unpredictable, changing up the format every year. I’m a notoriously tough grader.”
John’s eyes bugged out of their sockets, and his back stiffened to ramrod-straight. “R-requested?” He stammered, “Requested by whom, exactly? Who’d want me for a doctor?”
John snickers, stretching out his legs and crossing them at the ankles. “I’m sure you could recite it word for word, the amount of times she’s made you suffer through it.”
The voice wasn’t familiar, except for the fact that it was. John’s definitely never heard it before, posh and pinched and almost nasal. But it was smooth and immensely pleasant for reasons he couldn’t explain, hypnotic through the cell waves, and John knew without a doubt that the man he was talking to was the same… whatever it was that Sherlock was. He took a chance.
“Hello, welcome to…” The words died off as the woman rounded the corner, once she caught sight of who entered. Her pink lips stretched into a grin and the papers in her hands fluttered to the ground. “John!”
John was certainly no stranger to early wake-up calls. He disposed of his dishes on the moving rack. “I expect you will too. Why so early?”
Sherlock seemed torn, as if he wanted to tell John but also needed to leave. “Walk with me to the elevators,” he nearly pleaded. “If you change your mind towards helping me, then you’re free to turn around.”
Like a switch, Sherlock stiffened. Somehow, he had heard John's whisper. The receptionist looked down, unaware, and wrote down the request on a post-it. “Of course, sir. Anything else?”
Eyes were blank on him, as if he had grown a second head. He saw a smidge of greenish khaki moving at the corner of his eye.
John rolled his eyes so hard, he was afraid that they were going to be stuck there. He tried to walk through the hull like he had a purpose, though it was hard not to be distracted by the awe-inspiring interior. While not classically beautiful, there seemed to be the tiniest hint of a neon, fluorescent blue just peeking from behind the machines that gave the gigantic hull an almost alien feel in itself. The color seemed to root from the cylinder in the middle, as at the ceiling the centerpiece splayed open into different tubes and wires that ended up winding down to the individual walls of the great engine. It almost looked at if the cylinder was the central system, as it seemed to have a direct line to all of the working mechanisms. Or maybe the source of power.
“Don’t bother. You were planning on them being a surprise, I’d rather wait and see if you can manage to catch me unawares.”
Sherlock twisted his face in a sort of indecision. It had been weeks in the making, and the information from the samples they had risked their lives for was non-forthcoming. “Not exactly,” he said slowly. “There seems to be nothing regarding the Exodus exposure levels from either my blood nor the dirt samples we were able to get, but the virus is so temperamental that my findings are practically moot.” But then he did perk up a bit. “However, I might have discovered something else. Not unrelated to what you told me Thirte- er, RJ had told you.”
In the end, there was no night of fun. Because exactly one week later on a stormy Wednesday night, Sherlock got a call from Mycroft.
“Sherlock!” John yelled, eyes pleasantly dazed. He batted away the man behind him, stepping much too close towards Sherlock. “Have you ever been to a gay bar before?”
John huffs in disbelief. His hands begin to trail up, up, up, and Sherlock’s eyes flutter open in surprise when his fingertips brush the cut beside his ear, half-hidden by his hair, where John’s fist had sliced open his skin. John’s other hand barely touches beneath his right eye, almost catching on his bottom lashes, where the white of his sclera is still stained red. Sherlock’s stopped breathing.
Sherlock beneath him, his hands pressing harsh lines into John's shoulder blades. His cold lips trailing along warm skin, bathing the room in his irresistible scent. A kiss to the carotid artery. His eyes are a deep red, and his hair is endless as it brushes John’s jaw. Fog surrounds them. A hiss, the cool rasp of a frozen tongue on his flesh, and then a throaty, baritone sound, then the sting of sharpened fangs as they dig into his neck and John
“Would someone like to explain to me,” he began in a large voice, causing the people around them to scatter. “Why I was awoken at five in the bloody morning to news that two vital pieces of my crew decided to go on a little adventure?”
“As I said, they’re preparing it at the moment. There’s two hours until launch, so engineering should be nearly finished with the lasting touches. There’s a staircase connected to the exit, I assume.” At John’s look, he rolled his eyes. “I won’t just step out into midair, John. At the exit, I’ll be able to see if the stairs are set up. If not, I’ll recalculate.”
Sherlock makes a pleased sound, setting the puzzle off to the side so he can fold his hands together. “Multiple presents? I must’ve been a very good boy this year.”
John pulls back, cutting him off. Sherlock’s arms loosen until his hands are merely resting against the curves of John’s shoulder blades. John looks up to meet his gaze, but Sherlock’s eyes are closed. There’s moisture dewing on his dark eyelashes.
“I know who she is,” John snapped. The other man only took a wordless drag while John mulled the words over. “She’s not my type,” he decided on.
“Just past eleven.” He set John with a slightly disapproving look. “You didn’t sleep last night, did you?”
Sherlock’s face paled in horror, and then went utterly blank and vacant like the flip of a switch. John was similarly frozen, though what was once cold and sick along his spine was warming, turning into a sort of hope that he didn’t think he’d ever have. Didn’t think that he deserved.
The hips nestled closer, so close that John could hear the baritone vibration when Sherlock spoke. “It’s… imperative that you stay still. Just like this.”
John froze, eyes widening, and he came with a drawn-out groan. He hit his head against the wall at his back, hands scrabbling against Sherlock’s shoulders as he rode it out. Sherlock’s hips were beginning to shake beneath them. John unwound his legs and carefully returned to solid ground again.
“It’s… the fluorescence.” Sherlock explained, his voice sounding choked off. He hunched back over the table to scribble something on a piece of paper. “Changed the color.”
But it wasn’t anybody else. It was Sherlock Holmes, the achingly beautiful man that seemed stuck in the balance between pulling John closer and pushing him away. The man that frowned as much as he smiled. The absolute, unmatched genius that should have no interest in John, in his ordinariness nor his simple mind. The facts remained, with no regard for right or wrong; Sherlock was interested in John. Whether it was platonic or not, John couldn’t tell, but he almost didn’t mind the answer. Almost.
Mycroft yelled after Sherlock, impatient like a parent with a disobedient child. As such the metaphor allowed, Sherlock ignored him and ran faster.
was the one stiffening in his seat, his eyes narrowing dangerously. “Are you done?” If there’s one thing that John Watson wasn’t, it was a damsel in distress. “I’ve known you for three months, Sherlock,
“Are you alright?” John asked, gauging if it elicited a response. Not even the twitch of an eyelid, nothing to show that he was heard. He looked back to Mike, but only found mirrored confusion. He took another step forward, and couldn’t help reaching out a hand to his pulse point, trying to feel for irregularities. He faintly suspected a seizure, but it was much too early to diagnose.
"Sherlock Holmes ripped the limbs from the man, and began draining the body of blood. It is said that if he ever returns to the moors, an ancient curse will be freed and, in overall terms, something bad will happen,” Mary said, obviously disbelieving. John swallowed with a dry throat, and blood rushed an orchestra past his ears as he pretended not to believe, either.
Another admirer, then. She inconspicuously straightened at her clothes, cheeks blazing, but Sherlock didn’t even spare her a glance. “John Molly, Molly John. John is my assistant for the morning, and Molly is the least irritating mortician as of yet.”
John felt himself ease just as quickly as he had dropped, the beginnings of a smile forming beneath the mask. “Well… that’s good then.” It was better than good. It was fine, all fine.
he thinks, as he rubs his thumb against the curve of Sherlock’s jaw. Stretches out his fingers so he can feel the way his hair curls at his temple, slots his palm against the hollow of his cheek.
In the dark, her blushing cheeks seemed almost maroon. Blinking away the surprise, she gripped his hand back. “Well, alright.”
he says. “That’s interesting. Of course, I know how to play it, but that’s not what I was expecting.”
“Sherlock,” a woman’s voice whined, backing slightly out of the doorway as if she was being ushered. John immediately froze in his tracks.
Outside of the window, he watched the dawning sky turn darker and darker. When the Earth’s sky below was covered in a visible film from the lingering atmosphere, the window dimmed until it was black and John was left with his own reflection.
be near the entrance, trying desperately to remember if chapels were usually built at the front. Maybe. It would make sense, anyway. He ignored the paranoid feeling of feet ghosting at his heels, knowing that the men were still a good bit behind him.
RJ nodded seriously. “When our ship leaves, it’ll take all the energy. No more electricity on Earth, no more communicating with Earth.” The last part was said softly. “No more AI.”
John shook his head, fists clenching and unclenching. His cane was somewhere by the door, his leg completely free of pain. “I… Sherlock, what are you?”
Their words overlapped, so John stopped with a chuckle and nodded Sherlock on. This was feeling too reminiscent of a first date. Sherlock cleared his throat, hands sliding into his pockets, before finding John’s eyes purposefully.
Not that it had any right to be. They were pushing on two months together in the flat, a roomy two-bedroom-one-bath just over the sandwich shop they'd had lunch at. Mrs. Hudson, the landlady, was only too happy to have the company, if her frequent not-so-subtle hinting of their ‘romantic’ relationship was anything to go by. Sherlock worked with the police, as he had told John during that first week, and while he never discussed any of it with John, there was a mysterious man by the name of 'Lestrade' who, at a phone call, could whisk the madman away for most of the day. John was half relieved that he wasn't expected to tag along, while also half utterly, maddeningly curious about it all.
There wasn’t another knock, a long enough quiet that by the time Sherlock made it down the first flight, he hesitated. Was he still there? With slow, careful movements, he unlocked and opened the front door.
“Good,” John said with a nod, shoulders relaxing as if he just shrugged off an invisible weight. “I promise, it’ll never happen again,” he added. He then disappeared back into the kitchen, more than likely to fix some breakfast.
“I got it!” John yelled, barely restraining a growl of frustration. As he was scratching his head over the problem, though, Sherlock called him back.
. There was a young boy on one of the mats behind them, roughly ten years of age with curly hair nearly down to his shoulders. He was working intently on a figure in his hands that looked to be a miniature DSE Intrepid, completely disregarding the rubber dumbbells at his side. When he glanced up to meet John’s eye, he quickly looked away. He was startlingly familiar.
Like the sun breaking into dawn, the first bloom of spring and the lone piccolo in the melody, everything slotted into place.
His breath felt knocked from his chest, air whooshing at the sheer feeling in John’s gaze, the raw emotion mixed with a distrusting edge that Sherlock immediately never wanted to see again. And it was aimed at
“Yeah, I’d imagine,” she says, but her tone is odd. Before he can figure it out, she tilts her arms in his direction, overdramatically until Rosie hiccups a stream of giggles. “D’you want your daughter back?”
He passed by the door with his eyes straight ahead, and feigned tiredness when Sherlock called twenty minutes later to invite him over for a game of chess. It was fine. All fine.
The food arrived, which gave John a chance to mull over the words. Sherlock popped one of the crimson pills, and John began on the chips. He chose his next sentence carefully. “Well, maybe I’m not that easy to deduce.”
“Are you going to try out the makeup kit here? I don’t know if it’s quite your shade, but there’s some lipstick in there that I think will-”
The word pulsed in the air, and Sherlock grinned that absolute perfect crooked smile, one cheek dimpling. “You’ve deduced it,” he murmured, suddenly ducking his head to lick a cool stripe up the side of John’s neck. “I knew you were different.”
Nothing. The answer was nothing. Troubled, he gave Mycroft a terse nod and went on his way. Behind him, the familiar beep of a phone, and the shift of fabric.
After a long look to the mural of a half-naked man on the adjacent wall, John gave a nod. It must still be early; there was no line, but a steady number of people entering and exiting. John shrugged out of his jacket and pushed it to Sherlock’s chest.
‘No time,’ Sherlock mouthed back. With a hard look, John only locked his jaw and pulled out his gun, flicking off the safety with the press of his thumb. He nodded to Sherlock, once.
Sherlock blinks and turns back around, as if to return, but Molly just shakes her head, the firmest John’s ever seen her. Sherlock drops his head in defeat. It’s almost comical, John thinks, like watching a performance on the telly. He nearly expects a generic laugh track to follow. Sherlock’s shoulders straighten, he visibly takes a deep breath, and it’s only a few strides before he reaches John.
“No,” Sherlock admitted, almost delightfully unapologetic. He looked to John with a twinkle in his eyes. “But fun.”
“Arse,” Sherlock mutters. He glances down his body, to his standard black trousers and royal blue button-down. He peers up at John self-consciously. “He’s… he’s wrong, right? I haven’t...?”
“John,” Sherlock muttered helplessly, and then whatever string between them snapped and John was yanking Sherlock down, teeth knocking as their lips slotted together, slick and hot, hot, hotter than Sherlock would have thought possible. He let out an embarrassing sound, and his arms reached down to wind as tight as they would go around John’s waist. Air wasn’t important anymore, not if it meant parting from John’s lips.
Outside the window John watched the mob of people littering the walkway, and beneath it the cars hovering at a standstill. Today was the official move-out day, where the twenty thousand people who helped build the Intrepid and prepare for the journey ahead were just… leaving. Going home, back to their original sectors, and then to watch the launch Friday morning on projected screens with family and friends. The only people staying were the Intrepid’s crew, and then the some-dozen people working as the temporary mission control during the launch.
John’s curiosity was surely not the only reason he was given this list, not with those awfully sharp eyes trained so intently on John’s. Shifting uncomfortably, John ran his eyes over the array of faces and ignored the stare. Some of the people were familiar, but not enough for him to recall exactly how he knew them. On the fourth page, something lurched in John’s mind, and his fingers reached out to brush the printed face of a relatively young woman. Who
Sherlock cleared his throat again, and John was half-hoping to find a blush against his cheeks. Of course, no color was shown. “A couple of weeks ago, Mike brought in an old friend into the lab I was working in, just hours after I had complained about needing a flatmate. It’s safe to assume that maybe the two instances are connected, somewhat.” His feet scuffed at the ground, and small droplets of water littered his curls. “So, I ask again, are you still in need for a flatmate? I found a wonderful prospect near Regent’s Park that we both could easily afford together.”
ME: Excellent. It all began on the 6th of January, 1977. You see, I believe that Mycroft originally wanted a cat, and instead...
half a minute to manage the steps and the traffic; John had tested it, later. Less than five seconds from the flat to across the street, that was what Sherlock had managed.
“I can’t,” John stated, a tad too gruffly. He immediately felt bad; it wasn’t Thomas’s fault that Molly and Sarah had already eaten up his patience, after all, so he cooled it down. “I’m going out of town, family stuff.”
"I am," he said quickly, and seemed to shake himself out of whatever playful mood he was in. He spared a glance back at John, clearing his throat. "Let's just focus on the plan, shall we?"
Yeah, tied down at her booming profession of haircutting. There were no barbers anywhere north, John was sure. “Harry…”
what it means. He sighs again and turns back to the table to the vendor's glittering eyes, pulling out his wallet. “How much for the pipe, then?”
John stifles a sound that’s half-groan, half-laugh, and leans over to help Rosie with her breakfast.
Despite the fact that his death had saved countless lives and he would never regret making that choice, Sherlock desperately wanted to fall to the ground and beg for forgiveness.
They had almost circled back to the gang, back at the stone rubble. Mary cleared her throat delicately. “Well, the end is more ridiculous than the story.” When John thumbed at her hand, welcoming, she rolled her eyes with a smile. “Well, this part is a bit more vague, but it’s what I heard. A treaty was made after this happened amongst Dartmoor, to protect them against the return of the cold one, the beast named Sherlock Holmes. Witchcraft was involved, if you can believe the credibility. It’s sort of ominous, but basically:
“Oh, wonderful! That means John and I can have some fun.” He closed his eyes for a brief moment as if bracing himself, and then slid off the surgical mask. John’s seen this all before. His nose was straight and slightly upturned, and his lips were full and bowed drastically at the top. He was unbelievable. John never stood a chance, either.
It didn’t take long. Despite the five times they’d been together before, they’ve had years of foreplay. John pulled back to sloppily press their mouths together, hand speeding between them. Sherlock’s hands gripped John’s arse, and he started to grind them deliciously into the wall.
“John Watson!” Lestrade greeted, grabbing John’s hand from his side to firmly shake it. The enthusiasm jarred him to the core. “Mycroft told me you’d be coming in. You must be a damn good doctor, considering all the fuss it took to get you.”
“Her, she looks familiar,” John said absently, brows furrowed. It said her name was Alesia Brockton, though he was fairly sure he’d never heard that name in his life. Her pale eyes, staring directly at the camera, were unnerving in their intensity. “I’m… not sure how. Why are you asking?”
It was just a step off of a ledge, now. The fall. The landing was for another time, another place, and it would most definitely kill him, but the fall was the adventure, he thought. When there was nothing to lose and everything to prove, the fall is what mattered.
as result of his dream. If there were any doubts remaining on his attraction towards men (see: a man), they had to be fully gone by now. Fifteen minutes before he was far enough away from the flat to breathe clearly. After forty-five minutes, he realized he was walking without a cane. He pushed that to the back of his mind before his leg decided to react to the news itself.
That was the group (save maybe one or two) that John would spend months with every summer up until his mid-teens, whenever his grandparents died. His visits then mellowed out up to his twenties, and then the several years of June 21st visits until his deployment. Despite his usual wariness towards social situations, John found himself entertaining the idea. “You know what? I’d love to join.”
The men were aware of him, their voices alarmed and their own feet slapping against the pavement in their chase. When he took off running, he hadn’t used any stealth, just an animalistic need to flee; it resulted in unavoidable noise. He pushed harder.
The legend blinked, once, and let his gaze slide to somewhere an inch to the left. “I’m Sherlock Holmes,” he murmured. “And Stansex has a very good memory.”
That wasn’t the right answer. Sherlock’s face twisted together in confusion, jerking the slightest bit backwards in a more literal reading of ‘taken aback’. “You have a type?” He said it as if it were a ridiculous notion. Again, the
“I’ll… think about it,” he lies, half-heartedly. She smiles again, seemingly satisfied, and coos something to Rosie that has his daughter giggling. He desperately wants to leave. What with Molly’s sudden mood change and her thorough knowledge of the human body (and its insides), he’s not willing to take any chances. Besides, there’s no way in
“You’ll be taken to the 30th level, Mr. Watson, and then please proceed to the room at the end of the hall.” The elevator opened as if summoned, and he slowly nodded in acknowledgement before stepping in.
Sherlock’s eyes were growing wider than John’s ever seen them, and he didn’t seem to be breathing. He nearly fell over his words. “Observing… in a sense, y-yes.”
In the hull, it was a grand room roughly the size of the training facility, though twice as tall and slightly rounded at the sides. There were pulsing machines and grinding gears and constant noise, and a grand ceiling-high cylinder in the center that seemed to be the heart of the great engine that was the DSE Intrepid. People in black jumpsuits were swarming, either scaled up the walls, or furiously writing on tablets, or running across the floor. It was all black and chrome. John and Sherlock stuck out like a sore thumb.
Sherlock tensed. At first, John was afraid that he’d done the wrong thing. But then, with a high-pitched cry, Sherlock spun around and captured John’s lips with his own, pushing him desperately into the bathroom wall. Impatiently, he yanked John’s legs up around his waist. John yelped but otherwise held on for dear life. “Sherlock, I don’t think this is-”
ME: That’s a lie, my chest constantly feels like it’s being torn to shreds. I was hoping that that would be relieving to admit, but I feel no difference. Maybe I’m dying. I’m unfamiliar with the grieving process, but I’m not sure how much longer I can reasonably tolerate this.
He almost jumped out of his skin when a hand landed on his knee, gentle and cool as snow. “I wish I could help you,” Sherlock murmured. “You don’t deserve to be this deprived of sleep.”
John lets out a breath he didn’t even know he was holding, and then scrubs a hand over his face. “Go back to the music shop,” he says. “If you want, I mean. Buy the guitar. I’d… I’d like to hear you play. Really. And I think you’d like to play it again, too. The way you looked at it…” He shakes his head. “You wouldn’t be able to forgive yourself if you decided to go tomorrow and it’s gone.”
“I don’t know,” Sherlock admitted, running his hand through his hair once again in agitation. He was more awake than John had ever seen him. “But that’s why I need to get down to the research building. They wouldn’t let me bring my work aboard, but I need it if I’m ever going to be able to solve this. If I understand what I’m dealing with, it’ll help me prevent it on the next planet.”
“For someone who doesn’t live on human food,” he said with a yawn, knowing (now) Sherlock would hear him anyway, “you certainly know how to cook it.”
“Mm,” Sherlock hummed, narrowing his eyes. His hand on John’s thigh creeped up higher. “Then I think I’ll go to the loo, then, before I take my leave.”
John closed the distance with a desperate sound, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist and crushing their lips together as close as the universe would allow. Sherlock scrabbled his hands along John’s shoulders and tried to push even closer. In both the blessing and curse of gravity, both men toppled into the sand beneath, Sherlock’s breath whooshing as his back hit the ground. It was worthwhile to have John above him, though, caging him into the earth. His giggles rumbled into Sherlock’s stomach.
John took a few more breaths, and held up his hands in a thumbs up. Sherlock nodded once, seemingly satisfied, and pushed back into a crouch. He leaned towards the right, studying the darkness just inches beside them.
It was a miracle John wasn’t dead right now, let alone lucid. His words were slurred, but he could order his thoughts well enough. “’m not good. ‘cussion, stitches, bleeding, all that- wait.” John opened his eyes enough to find Sherlock somewhere above him, and grabbed the collar of his dressing gown. Something wasn’t… “You were in the flat,” John managed, speaking slowly to make sure his words came out whole. Spiritually, he's somewhere up near the Orion constellation, but he kept his gaze firm. “Five seconds – five seconds from 221B to across the street. You… that’s not… You
“Do you…” John looked down at his hands, folded together on the table, and forced the next words out. “Do you think it would be safer if we… didn’t know each other, then?”
Sherlock’s perched on the desk, his feet atop the stool and toes bare beneath the hem of his pajama bottoms. Is he cold? He looks aimlessly out the window, guitar propped on his thighs, soft fingertips plucking the strings in the barebones of a familiar melody. There’s no need to turn on the lights, not when the snow outside against the dawning sky illuminates the flat just as well as pale sunlight. The floorboard creaks beneath John’s feet. Sherlock stops, but doesn’t turn his head.
Sherlock was watching it with rapt attention, though he had his elbow crooked around his nose and mouth to keep himself from the smell. He had climbed up onto the ring and backed up to the curve as far as he could go. At seemingly the precise moment he figured, he pushed into a sprint down the bottom perimeter of the ring.
Maybe not so platonic, then. Even more conflicted than before, John settled back into his seat and nudged the volume up on the radio. Sherlock, face scrunched in contemplation, put both hands on the wheel in alternating fists while they continued their drive.
Technically a lie, but John didn’t need to know that. Sherlock hardly made sense of it himself. John didn’t look up from the paper, but he lifted it slightly and his grip on it tightened at the words. “I’m not…” He soon realized that lying was pointless, so he folded the paper with a sigh and tossed it off to the side. He played with his own slice, eyes trained downward. “How can you be so sure?” He asked quietly.
“I experimented a bit in uni,” John confessed, breath hot against Sherlock’s neck. “We’re having fun, yeah? Just fun.”
So, as a conclusion to both the most important and the most horrifying day of John’s life, they checked out of the hotel at one o’clock in the morning and left for London.
Sherlock sighed and propped up his elbows on the tabletop, sinking his face into his cupped hands. “That leaves us,” he said carefully, “In very dangerous waters.”
John short-circuited. His hands were frozen around the shoulders of the man crouched in front of him, as if they were held together by magnets. Sherlock’s pale eyes were looking at anywhere but him.
It didn’t even register as a kiss until John started yearning for something more. Now, every time he thinks of it, the skin between his mouth and the hinge of his jaw stings like razor-burn, and he wishes the homophobic serial killer would just break out of prison already so Sherlock can kiss him again.
Sherlock spun away, oddly robotic in his movements rather than graceful. Had John stepped over a line?
ME: Very funny. Seems as though your humor processor is in working order. Perhaps I should put in a request to deactivate it.
John himself was nursing lemonade. “Nope, nothing. It’s bizarre, he treated me as if I were an old enemy who pissed in his tea. To put it mildly.”
Sherlock spares a glance and Rosie, where she’s dozing off on John’s shoulder. He quirks his lips. “No, not today. I’m sure I couldn’t even make a decent sound, given the chance.”
. It’s amazing how much damage you can do when you trick yourself into thinking you have nothing to lose.”
“When I was young, me and my sister would come to Stansex to visit our grandparents every summer,” John began, building up a consistent rhythm in his steps. “We’re twins, as you know. The thing about Harry is that she never knows when to stop talking. Anyway, during dinner one night, she was going a mile a minute over any and everything she could think of. Our birthday is right before summer started, and we were starting to want separate birthday parties. So they were talking about moving my party back, and holding it whenever we came over to visit so I could have it with my friends that lived in the village. Harry was quiet for a moment, gears turning, before asking ‘when is Johnny’s birthday?’” He said the last part nasally, breaking off with a laugh. “She tried to cover it up, saying that she was just making a joke, but her cheeks were flaming red. I couldn’t stop laughing for hours, she was pissed at me for a week.”
John turns his head to look at him, right as Sherlock looks away. Mrs. Hudson doesn’t even notice his disinterest, still talking a mile a minute, and John watches him nod in mock-agreement and surreptitiously down the rest of his eggnog, leftover from Christmas. He dangles the glass in front of her eyes with only his thumb and forefinger as evidence, as if to say ‘oh, would you look at that’, and excuses himself to the kitchen. John chuckles and turns back. “Sorry, what was that?”
Soon, more and more signs were announcing Plymouth as the car drew nearer. It was just after four in the afternoon, meaning that Sherlock had made good on his time estimate. Inside the city, John was at a loss.
“Don’t worry about it, Molly,” John says, closing the door behind them and setting the diaper bag by the table. Molly’s smile is already a bit more genuine with his daughter in her arms, if still guarded, her thin hand running through Rosie’s curls to brush them out. “We had some free time,” John continues, “And my babysitter has nearly burned his eyebrows off at Bart’s, so we thought we’d pop by while he sorts himself out.”
Mycroft seemed to refrain from rolling his eyes. “Aren’t you? Would you really like to make an enemy…”
years ago,” Sherlock says carefully. “I don’t want to expose Rosie to firearms. A pistol shot off indoors is over double the decibel maximum recommended for her age.”
Sherlock met his eyes levelly. “Because I want to learn everything I can about you, even if it means resorting to live experimentations. You’re the only one I can’t deduce, John, and you’re right. It drives me utterly
“Here we go,” Mike breathed, something akin to excitement in his voice. John furrowed his eyebrows, torn between confusion and awe. Up close, this
John gripped his bicep with a grin, steadying himself and looking for all it’s worth as if he didn’t just have Sherlock’s cock in his hands. Back to three-continents Watson, it seemed. That’s all Sherlock seemed to be, anyways. A drunken conquest. “Great,” John replied. “Ready to go, then? I’m sure you’re itching to get out of those clothes.”
“Why does everyone think I’m some sort of hermit holed up since the nineteenth century, avoiding technology like the plague? I listen to contemporary music, John, and sometimes I even
“So,” he started, sparing a glance beside him. Sherlock was just taking everything in, eyes darting from the windows to the fence peeking from behind the house to the trees backdropping it all. He started slightly at John’s voice. “Are you… William Scott, today?”
He had a smirk when he said that last part, though, so John was pretty sure he wasn’t as wary about the whole situation as he had put forth. John sighed, leaning against the glass that separated him from Sherlock. The Intrepid was vibrating at his feet, the thrusters beginning to power up. Lift-off was at any minute, and the thought sat in his stomach with barely-held anticipation.
The drinks were brought. John found himself drinking more of the coke than he’d think, downing the soda in under a minute, and at the end of it long fingers nudged another one closer.
Sherlock had his own tied perfectly at his collar, and he was right beside John in the bathroom, attempting to tame his dark auburn curls. He looked striking in his tuxedo. “I’m not the biggest fan, either, but unfortunately it’s mandatory and we don’t have enough leeway to skip, considering.”
“No, it’s perfectly fine. I like that one the most, it’s really a lovely shade.” John clears his throat. “Nice color, rather.”
At first, he thinks it’s the telly, sounding out amidst Rosie’s giggling and the occasional cadence of Sherlock’s teachings. He’s taken to reciting the elements of the periodic table over and over to her, in hopes of sparking her inner scientist early, to no avail. But then, as John turns off the stove, he realizes exactly what he’s hearing and sneaks to the doorway to take an incredulous peak.
“Why, yes. A month from now is the designated departure time for the DSE Intrepid, and training takes place between now and then. Well, it officially began yesterday, but I’m sure you’ll catch up just fine.”
Relatively new, as they hadn’t silvered yet from time. Must have been from Sherlock’s time away. John had to look at it from a medical point of view, else he would be sobbing into his friend’s skin by now.
When he returned to the sitting room, John was leaning against the wall by the kitchen and had found the wine bottle in the fridge, studying it with blank eyes.
He then stood at the entranceway to the kitchen, gaze trained on Sherlock as he drank and fiddled with the glass. He needed to say something. Sherlock leaned back in his seat to give him his full attention.
Now, with air to breathe, John could settle. Mary treated it as just a legend, something that was created solely to terrify people. Granted, any sane person would treat it the same as well, but John was slightly insane, so the legend was being treated as an academic source. But in the style she told it, there was no room for interpretation: it was just a story, and nothing more.
John took a step towards him. And then another. A few more. A hair’s breadth away, body more cold than warm in such a state. “Sherlock,” he said, quietly. “No, it’s not.”
At home, the tensions were rising, and not the good kinds. Despite the (somewhat) openness back at the hospital, Sherlock soon became withdrawn and John found himself uncomfortable even being in the same room with him. Any olive branch of small talk John would offer would either be ignored, or barely reciprocated. They hadn’t worked together in weeks at Bart’s, even though John had glimpsed him in the halls of the college every once and again, meaning that Sherlock must have requested another assistant. John was hardly the wallowing type, but he couldn't help the spark of jealousy and hurt at the thought. Their contact was so limited that he didn’t even notice Sherlock’s monthly trip to France for whatever medicine (or illegal drug) he required, only noticing that his eyes were black one day and pale some day after. Whenever John
“He played the violin at your wedding,” Molly repeated, though this time softer and voice thick with something sad. Despite himself, that pissed John right off.
Though ‘hang of it’ might be a bit of an optimistic statement, as the session ended with John struck to the floor. At that, the hologram dissipated as quickly as it had appeared, and John released a great gust of air.
The day before John and Sherlock left for Plymouth was the day of the monthly blood drive at Bart’s. This, of course, meant that Sherlock wouldn’t be coming in to the labs.
A hand swiped at John’s temple and came back bloody. The hunter inspected it with unmasked delight. “This is just a game, you see. He’s the reward, while unfortunately you’re the price. No hard feelings.”
John was too far intrigued to start at the words, now in the face of his own agreement. Without a lasting look behind him, he did as he was told.
The realization was a spark behind Sherlock’s eyes, and he dropped the set of clothing into his chair. He leaned onto the back of it heavily, hands braced. “Is that why you came, then?”
Sherlock only waved them away, taking long strides into the crime scene without a backwards glance. Both Lestrade and John watched him disappear through the doorway, before Lestrade clapped his hands and turned back to John.
She seemed irritated, but mostly confused. “Yes, I realize. Er, do you remember the name of the… patient?”
Sherlock huffs and digs some more, past the makeup (for last-minute disguises) and a withered 1929 edition of Shakespeare’s
Every time John’s feet hit the ground, he felt the impact in his teeth. He whipped through the cemetery, flying past tombs and scenery that
Those were the only ones that stood out. The rest were bordering on irritating, like ‘does sunlight burn’ or ‘do you like the taste of human blood’. There was even some rubbish about magic and energy-sensing. Growling under his breath, he opened a new tab with a jab of his finger.
“110,” he murmured to himself, strolling down the endless hallway to familiarize himself with his room’s location. It wasn’t too far down, but when he reached the cubby, a familiar head poked out of the one adjacent.
A hand pressed lightly on his shoulder. Sherlock didn’t even have the energy to shake it off. “I’m sorry,” Mycroft said awkwardly.
John blinked out of his daze, turning back to his partner. “It’s nothing, I just must’ve met her earlier. What about her?”
Sherlock Holmes. Drunk last night and going to Molly’s, spilling out the secrets of the past, what, five years? Coming on six?
Sherlock’s plate was only half-empty, but he threw in his napkin. “No, I’m finished as well. I might not be back Monday; I’m going out of town over the weekend.”
The title of the song reminds John sharply of Mary, but he ignores it. He clears his throat until Sherlock looks his way. “Good morning.”
A lengthy sigh, as if to bemoan the idiocy of the human race. A fitting description. “Because, Doctor Watson, while I myself am not going to kill you, I know of some nearby men that have orders to in reward of a healthy sum. They only have one job to do.”
“Yeah, sure,” John sighed, leaning against the desk. Her voice was nonchalant enough, but her eyes were wide whenever she looked at John. It sent off the smallest of alarms in his nerves. “What’s this about, then? Another member joining the team?”
John’s brain supplied helpfully. “Er, yeah. Yes, I just got in last night. Well, this morning, really.” He blinked as they left the training facility, the morning sun hitting his eyes directly. Even through the massive dome over the ICAM, John could feel his skin bake. “Commander, though? I’d think the bridge would be excluded from all this.”
John was wary, but otherwise not feeling up for anything close to an argument. “Yeah, alright. At least get us one room, to keep the price down.”
John’s heart instantly warmed at the words, at how much faith Sherlock put into him without even ever have seen John in action. The man liked to feign disinterest, but John had noticed that his eyes had stopped scanning the screen and that the beginnings of a flush were creeping up his collar. He decided to give Sherlock a break.
John could find a mausoleum to hide in until dawn, when the visitors would begin arriving and he could fade into the crowds. He could keep hidden, in fear of the men just tombs away with orders to end his life. It would be an apt place to die, very convenient overall. He could curl up under a haunted nook for the night and hope for the best.
“For God's sake, Sherlock, what am I supposed to think?” John questioned, shaking off Sherlock’s hands. They kept the same distance, close enough that John could see barely-there flecks of gold close to Sherlock’s pupil. Those same pupils dropped to John's mouth, and then back up again. “When you ignore me for a month after a very specific turning point, there’s not much else I can figure. Between this and all of the things you’re not telling me, it's a medical miracle that I don't have whiplash.”
John narrowed his eyes, and Sherlock stiffened in his seat slightly. “I’m not going to ask you what you did wrong, Sherlock, because you are an adult, and you know precisely what you’ve done. So what I’m going to do is go to Tesco, buy another kettle and razor, and when I get back everything will be cleaned up. And I am not going to talk to you for several days, because actions have repercussions and it eats you up that you have to physically talk to me to know what I’m thinking, rather than deduce it at a glance.” Sherlock fidgeted more and more by each word, and John derived a sick happiness from it. “Is that understood?”
This robot was beginning to grate on John’s nerves, but he knew how to utilize his game face. “So I know a few vocabulary terms, and can catch fruit. I’m sure there are people much more qualified for the task than me.”
John blinks up in surprise, eyebrows raising. Sherlock’s expression is soft, a mischievous smile nudging at his eyes and lips, and a light pink flush paints his cheekbones. Déjà vu. John licks his lips.
John staggered, but recovered quickly. “Sherlock?” He asked, hair mussed and expression the epitome of concern.
John had nearly forgotten about the child, their last (and only conversation) having been from the time John had initially met him. He had also never brought up the ‘file’ information to Sherlock; it was confusing enough as is. The energy question, however, had seemed important enough to disclose. “Oh?” He asked. “And what’s that?”
Sherlock was the first to crack, his lips twitching. John followed immediately after. All at once, the air devolved into giggles.
John shifted in his seat. “I never dated a woman long enough to warrant one, I’d imagine. At least lately.”
And all of this could be blamed on the virus from the twenty-first century. Some said it was mother Earth, retaliating from the filth humans left on her surface. Others believed it to be a transmitted illness from animals, like rats in the Bubonic plague. As infertility spread its venom to oxygenating plants and the rest of the animal kingdom, there was probably never going to be a right answer.
Sherlock just settled for a quiet “Ah,” merging over into the next lane smoothly. John swallowed, feeling a sheen of sweat begin underneath his tee.
A pause. “Like shit,” John admitted, pouring water from the tap. “That’s the last time I go to a coworker’s birthday party.”
Sherlock’s cat-like eyes were narrowed thoughtfully, and he gave a quick nod as if he won some sort of debate in his mind. “He’ll talk to you.”
Sherlock rumbled, and John refrained a shiver. “Very good. I’ll make a detective out of you yet.” He stepped back and around, to glance behind the gravestone as if someone was hiding. His full lips were pursed. “Mary successfully fundraised for the stone, which means that he was well-liked around the town. Any number of people could’ve left this.”
As if possessed, John walks until he’s directly beside where Sherlock sits, and he doesn’t know what he’s doing. Something masochistic, he’d wager.
John tried to protest, ears burning, but anything he said would just incriminate him further. What argument could be made, anyway? The man was undeniably gorgeous, after all, and unfortunately said man was all too aware of the fact himself. With harsh movements, John jabbed on the radio and settled into his (comfortable) seat as vague pop music played. Sherlock chuckled at the display.
“There,” Sherlock grumbled, reaching back over to pick up his book. After another squint in John’s direction, he curled up his long legs and continued reading. John knew better than to push for dessert, but he’d get there eventually.
Sherlock shrugged, leaning back in his seat. He brushed off the crumbs from his lap. “You were used as a pawn, but it’s doubtful he would repeat a performance. Jim Moriarty is like the playwright for an extravagant Broadway script; he’s writing his own rules, but he loathes cliches and anything the audience can predict.” Sherlock absentmindedly pressed at his lips with his finger, thoughtful. “We’re nearly at the end of Act 1, I’d think. Something’s coming, but I don’t have enough data to precisely figure out what. It’s utterly exciting.”
Sherlock closed his eyes. “He will be disappointed. Not enough to call off the wedding, obviously. He loves her too much.” He opened his eyes, hands steady on his microscope as if he hadn’t just been near to breaking. “But I predict that she’ll incorporate primrose regardless. Because she loves him, as well.”
Hands. Hands everywhere. Heat. Lights and colors flashing, voices and music blasting Sherlock’s ear drums. And most of all John, hips dictating the rhythm Sherlock followed. Arse against groin, shoulder blades knocking against a chest, sandy blond scalp drenched into brunette propped on a shoulder. John reached behind him to grab Sherlock’s hands, placing them firmly on his hips.
a gay bar,” Sherlock pointed out, tilting his head 45 degrees and struggling to keep his body from tilting along with it. There was a subtle shape of a penis in the typography. “The rainbow is obvious, then.”
Sherlock huffs a laugh, placing John’s empty glass off to the side. “They’re your friends,” he says. “You invited them.”
“John,” he said in lieu of greeting, voice slightly scratchy. John couldn’t tell if it was just the lighting, but Sherlock looked positively haggard, dark circles beneath his eyes and sullen cheeks. He looked like he did the first time they met, now that John could compare it to how he looked when his eyes were silver and he was alive with health and energy. It did nothing to damper his beauty, oddly enough, his exhaustion just more obvious now. His voice was cold, but not harsh. “I’m not tired.”
There have been Moments. There have always been Moments, as far as John is aware, and as is the way of the world, there will keep being Moments up until the end of time.
Sherlock smiled, face transforming into something much younger than he was, hidden dimples flashing. John was flattered from how Sherlock’s face positively lit up just at the fact he was agreeing to accompany him. “As I said, Molly was unenthusiastic. I believe she’s still angry that I, in her words, ‘stood her up on a date I invited her out on’. I don’t remember doing such a thing, but regardless, she’s upset. So, we’ll have to go with my alternate plan.”
“But if you hadn’t,” Mycroft continued, “Then how would you react to the object of your darkest demons for the past couple of years showing up, and then telling you the whole thing wasn’t real? The thing you’ve been tortured and plagued with being revealed as a lie?”
Sherlock’s sigh is completely overdramatic. “Yes, John. Whenever I was an adolescent, and my hormones had pushed my emotions towards ridiculous heights, I had engaged in a… frivolous romance.” There’s bitterness in his voice. “The mistake was never repeated.”
It was an innocent love, one built from long nights of talking beneath desert stars and brushing fingers with chaste smiles. It was an attraction of the mind, of seeing another person for their soul and even the dodgy, messed-up bits, and then still finding yourself wanting to see
Her eyes alit with an emotion so strong that John had to take a step backward. “Tell him,” she demanded, something fierce and out of character flashing across her face. “Do you have any idea the pain you’ve caused him? Just as he has no idea the pain he’s caused you? Oh, you
she hissed, slapping on some gloves with an almost offensive fervor. John winced at the tone, keeping his eye on the door for Sherlock’s imminent arrival.
,” Sherlock read aloud, using a handkerchief to wipe the green off his arm as he stood. “He had just turned thirty-eight the day he passed. You said that you were twenty at the time?”
Sherlock was still unconvinced. In a burst of courage, John covered Sherlock’s hand with his own. “It’s fine, Sherlock. Really. These dreams tend to come and go in cycles, I’ve noticed. They’ll be gone soon enough.”
John switched back to handheld, stabbing the button out of spite. “I would love a new phone, actually. I have nothing else to offer you, unless you want me to cook you up some gourmet frozen fish fingers.”
“Doctor,” he heard Dimmock warn over a speaker. “The fumes from the thrusters are already in the atmosphere, and the dome has since been disassembled. If you open in the main doors, we won’t be able to let you back in without having to quarantine you.”
The cabbie made a sound of annoyance, so Sherlock swung the car door closed and led John away with a hand to his back, closer to the building up ahead with police cars and yellow tape and officers swarming in matching uniforms. Sherlock kept his eyes on it with unmasked interest, like he was barely restraining himself from sprinting.
John screamed, hand fisting against the glass, his stomach turning to ice. No, no, no. Sherlock was on his back, hands and legs twitching against the floor and eyes flickering. Seizure? John sprinted to the door, banging on it until he saw someone through the window.
John refrained from cursing again, and helplessly scoured the environment for an idea. Nothing was forthcoming. “Sherlock, I don’t-”
They headed outside, where it was lightly misting and darkening by the second. Sherlock seemed paler in the outside light, the contours on his face shadowing gray rather than a more human shade of red or pink. He was much too beautiful for his own good. The pair loitered at the entrance, almost awkwardly, before deciding to speak.
John realized what it must look like, feet frozen in the hallway and a deer-in-headlights look towards the scene. The girl straightened her dark hair back into her updo, as it had begun to spill out, and turned to walk straight towards John. When she glanced at him, she gave him a once-over and then a radiant smile.
The day of the accident. John nodded stiffly. “What could you have been thinking about, might I wonder? I mean, I know what you’ve been thinking about, I just thought it only fair to ask.”
She seemed to mull over how to word something, but in the end she blurted: “Are you going to the banquet?”
hasn’t thrown any deductions John’s way. At first John was glad: knowing that Sherlock couldn’t tell his deep dark insecurities was a plus, no matter how you looked at it. And then, odd as it sounded, John began to worry; was there something wrong with him? Was this some sort of warning sign? Just another bullet point to the list of Sherlock’s eccentricities, John eventually decided. Best to move on.
Later, when John gets home, it’s to a scene he isn’t quite expecting. Sherlock’s on the couch, holding the guitar oddly, while Rosie’s standing on the cushion beside him and hitting at the strings, barely managing a tangible strum. Sherlock’s hand is running along the neck of the guitar, making the notes that she attempts to play. It’s like a picture out of a storybook, just so unbelievably sweet. John’s grinning ear-to-ear when Sherlock looks up. “Good afternoon.”
Molly visibly flinched, dropping a test tube on the counter. It didn’t break, but the glass hit the countertop with a sharp resonance, striking at John’s ears. He felt himself immediately regretting the words. “I’m sorry, Molly. I know that you weren’t… you were just trying to help him. I’ve long since forgiven you, I promise.” He sighed quietly, and said something that he never wanted to allow himself to say. “Molly, has it ever occurred to you that maybe those ‘five times’... they weren’t fun for me? I… care about him deeply. Far too much. But he doesn’t want me, and that’s fine. All… fine. He’s more than a… drunken fling, much more than that, but he doesn’t want to
… And now what? Now he was going to play ‘house’ with a monster, and pretend that it wasn’t impossible? That this was just a normal part of life, that it wasn’t an absolutely insane notion? It seems as though he’d never truly ‘accepted’ Sherlock for what he was, only delayed it further.
Sherlock blinked once. And again, and again, and again. Soon his eyelashes were fluttering, a tell-tale sign that he was flustered. “C-clarify. Please.”
John interrupted, voice commanding. Sherlock popped his jaw closed, and for the first time since John arrived, Sherlock met his eyes.
Mycroft harrumphs. “Obviously. Point being, my brother is an idiot when it comes to his own heart. Bit of a weakness, he refuses to work on it, but no matter. He’s taking your hesitation as rejection, and can’t fathom it being anything but.”
“Precisely why I didn’t mention it, either,” Sherlock said, but it was distractedly. Quite redundantly, he nodded up towards the rickety building that seemed like it couldn’t hold a body, let alone dozens. “Let’s save this conversation for later, the crime scene’s up ahead and I can smell the cyanide from here.”
Sherlock clears his throat and puts the box back on the shelf. “They don’t have my preferred brand here,” he says as he shuffles Rosie to his other side. He peers down at her face, his deduction effortless and gentle. “I believe it’s nearly nap-time, wouldn’t you say?”
Sherlock shook his head, long fingers toying with a chip. “It’s easier to read family members, having grown with the person’s mannerisms. While I have a certain affinity for deduction, it seems to come to a halt whenever involving you. It's... odd.” He takes a careful sip of his water. “If anything, you’re a closed book with a padlocked cover.”
It would. Sherlock tilted his head up, hoping that he was meeting John’s eyes. John was exactly 172.5 centimeters tall. John had eyes the color of the Atlantic whenever you were halfway to America, and while Sherlock could imagine the hue in perfect clarity he would give anything to see it in person again, right now. Here. His hair was probably damp with sea salt itself, almost fully silver now with stubborn streaks of gold in the back. Sherlock trailed his fingers until they were pressing lightly against the inside of John’s wrist.
And then he strode past John purposefully, nearly brushing his shoulder. He smelled of chemicals and plastic, but underneath it all was something electric that called John’s blood to attention. It was utterly unfair, that a man who held such hatred towards him could stir at John’s very bones, like a magnet to metal. Even when being horribly rude, John could not help but feel an urge for contact, as if he were at a museum with explicit instructions not to touch the exhibits. He had to. There was no question, it was merely instinctual.
John wasn’t an idiot, despite what a certain detective-consultant-or-whatever liked to say. If it were anyone else, the signs would be blinding enough that John would’ve already asked them to dinner long ago. The constant looks in his direction only seemed to grow more heated lately, and touches between the two were becoming commonplace.
“Hi, yes, I’d like an order of the steak, rare as you’ll cook it, and- John, would you like the Caesar salad or the fish and chips? I can’t tell how light of a mood you’re in.”
“John,” Sherlock whispered, barely breathing. He couldn’t think of what to say, so instead: “Shouldn’t I be doing that?”
‘Why?’ John nearly asked, but it was moot point. He narrowed his eyes and, grumbling to himself, started on the shoulders.
With a sigh, Sherlock helped him up with considerably more strength needed than he expected. He wrapped an arm around John’s waist and threw the other man’s arm over his shoulder, supporting the majority of his weight. From there on, Sherlock led them back through the doorway and towards the stairwell leading up to John’s bedroom. John had made it up the first flight of stairs; the second shouldn’t be too difficult, should it?
Molly was way past passive aggressiveness, now resorting to slamming cabinets and smacking down equipment. “
“No, no, I get it,” Lestrade interrupted, holding his hands up in surrender. “I’m not trying to air out any dirty laundry, or try to embarrass you. It’s just that I’ve known Sherlock for years, and the fact that he has a flatmate…” He shook his head. “You know he’s loaded, right?”
John shook himself before his ogling could take a dangerous turn. He wondered if the skin was still as cold as it looked, as cold as he remembered. Pursing his lips and feeling like a tool, he grabbed a pair of gloves from the box and slid them onto the proffered hands.
Sherlock nodded vacantly, and then disappeared into the bathroom. John, with a great huff of breath, fell back into his pillows. He felt his bad leg buzz, as if the muscles were tensing uncontrollably, before he realized it was just his phone vibrating.
It was an unspoken rule that they not bring up the more intimate ways they were together, and that heavy inebriation around the other wasn’t much of an option anymore.
Sherlock pulled off and gripped around John’s erection to finish him off, licking down to his testicles and matching the pace with the hand around his own cock. John came over his abdomen with a cut off shout, hips bucking and legs flexing. When he became oversensitive, Sherlock released him and focused on himself, pressing his forehead into John’s thigh.
“Put up your food, I’ll explain on the way to your room,” said Sherlock, standing up to his full height with a slight noise of discomfort. John immediately complied, gathering his plates and following suit.
John stood just close enough past the stairs to be under the building’s cover, sopping wet and shivering frantically. His hands were stuffed in his pockets and his eyes were downcast, as if he didn’t notice the warm light from 221 bathing him from the darkness. He glanced up at Sherlock, face unreadable and cold, an out-of-place and
This was right. If there was one thing in this bloody universe that was fair, it was the fact that Sherlock Holmes was meant for John Watson and who cared if the Earth circled the moon or the sun? What did that
“Yeah, yeah,” John interrupted, face to the sky and eyes closed as if he was restraining himself. “This dumpster hasn’t been used for its intended purpose for a while. I got it.”
Sherlock nearly barks out a response, but then pauses. He glances at John, and then at Rosie, where she’s twirling around in her favorite toy, and then seems to shut down, utterly lost and biting at his lip as if he’s trying to gnaw it off. He’s hesitating. With a sigh, John takes Lestrade off speaker and holds the phone up to his ear.
“John,” Sherlock said aloud, jolting him from his daze. He hadn’t realized Sherlock had lifted his eyes, John's own unfocused and heady, now widening as if in headlights. He let his shirt fall back over his stomach and felt heat rush to his cheeks.
With slow, wary movements, Sherlock did as he was told, sliding into the seat opposite of John at the table. When John met his eyes, they were heavily guarded in a way that spoke wonders about his level of vulnerability at the moment.
John was drunk. And god, Sherlock hated himself for it, but he felt hope blossoming in his chest at the fact. When John didn’t say anything, breathing labored and fists clenched at his sides, Sherlock risked his words.
, and I’ve had over thirty years worth of near-death experiences. By an overwhelming majority, each and every time
Sherlock’s mouth was dry, lips chapped. He fumbled the condom onto himself with uncoordinated fingers, and then reached up to run his hands down John’s neck. “Alright,” Sherlock breathed.
preferable combination, Sherlock thought. With a sense of bravery that Sherlock didn’t know he had, he inched his hands down to John’s arse to grip and sway, taking control. Sweat was plastering his shirt uncomfortably to his skin and making his curls damp, but it was worth it to hear John’s groan.
“Your eyes,” John gasped, pushing closer to get a better look. Those same eyes widened in surprise, but didn’t move away from John’s awed scrutiny. “They’re… they’re
“I know,” he interrupts, then adds rather begrudgingly, “We were within a few years in secondary school. You were quite good.”
It is a simple fact, not an opinion nor any sort of half-arsed claim, that Sherlock Holmes is a passionate man that feels things in a potent, all-encompassing way, one in which he takes great lengths to pretend doesn’t exist.
men have an eye for style and fashion. My hairstylist is gay, did you know that, John? His name is Carlos and he does such a
John chuckles. They share a small smile, both apologetic, before turning their heads at the same time to break the gaze. Sherlock clears his throat pointedly before he leaves.
Sherlock nodded, blinking around the sitting room as if there was a murderer hiding in its depths. “Good.” He shifted in place. “Do me a favor. Can you… tell me what I am?”
“Him and I are, on the outside. Think of the science.” He pulled back, slightly, to meet John’s half-lidded gaze. “There is no magic involved, no hypnosis nor supernatural means. We are as much of nature as you are, because how could we exist if we weren’t?” He pushed closer. “You are, easily, the only human at the moment to know of our existence. The real me has killed the others.”
RJ shook his head quickly. “It connects to your ID whenever it’s there. It’s you. It’s in the most classified of files, and those are the most confusing ones. I was following you because I thought you’d have answers.”
John felt caught up in the beginnings of a violent storm. Sherlock dropped a hand to his good shoulder, gently kneading in a goodbye, before departing. When the door closed, Mary’s frame totally relaxed, and it was as if Sherlock was never there.
But, as Sherlock watched with narrowed eyes as John stared at the kettle until it boiled as if in a state of trance, there was something irrefutably ‘up’ with John that couldn’t be defined.
As John distributed the food, Sherlock fell into the story, reiterating the case in the best way that he could. He wasn’t John; he couldn’t make it exciting or suspenseful, his own words clinical and voice flat even when he got to the part where the murderer fell into a pit. But all the same, John watched him with rapt attention, forgetting his noodles in favor of falling into the spoken words, as well.
Later on, John let himself have a drink. He forbid himself from going overboard ever again with Sherlock in mind, but it seemed to be one of those nights that warranted a bit of numbing. He hardly noticed it whenever Sherlock finally arrived, deep into the nighttime and unsteady on his feet.
But god, Sherlock was here. His blood was singing, his heart was trapezing in flips, a feeling not unlike adrenaline beginning to pulse. Suddenly, it didn’t matter that John didn’t love him back the way that Sherlock loved him. This little thing, this thing that was
John felt his brows pull together, wary as Sherlock made his way across the sitting room. “What do you mean?”
John kept the job at Bart’s, determined to come in Monday and tell that cock Sherlock off for being… well, a cock. He was mostly frustrated at the hatred thrown his way for no apparent reason, and didn’t understand how to go about it. So, obviously, hostility was an excellent retaliation.
John’s chest was still heaving when he was instructed to sit and buckle in at one of the chairs provided, his fingers numb when he tried to maneuver the straps. He eventually did it, but his hands were shaking with uncontrollable tremors.
John cried out, hands scratching wonderfully hot lines down Sherlock’s back. His eyebrows were arched together, and his eyes squeezed shut. “Faster,” he breathed in lieu of a response.
afterwards you’re to leave the ship and say your goodbyes to anyone willing to make the trip over here up until 18:00, or generally just waste time. Then, you’ll come back for your in-depth cleaning and officially board the ship in time for your first dinner aboard. Don’t bother bringing anything aboard; any and all things will immediately be denied clearance, but don’t worry. Anything you were given by us here will be replicated on the ship, including phones and tablets. Any questions? Great! In we go.”
Heal soldiers, don’t get shot. Transfer medical supplies, don’t get shot. Try to sleep at night, don’t get shot. Whenever possible, endeavor to shoot at the enemy, but also while not getting shot.
Nearly. Then a man stepped from the shadows and into the light, arms crossed over a thick chest, and John’s heart slicked down to his stomach. He skidded to a stop. He turned around, maybe to try and find a path back the way he came, but the three men were nearly there, already too close to skirt around.
She’s almost too quiet to hear. Sherlock gives John one last look of betrayal, then cocks his head in invitation, eyes inquisitive and touched with a sort of sorrowful kindness that he only reserves for her. John wonders if he’ll ever forgive himself the way she’s already forgiven him. Self-conscience of the eyes on her, she walks up awkwardly to whisper something in his ear.
Sherlock inspected the container as if just now noticing what kind of tin it was, and rolled his eyes at the sight. Popping off the top revealed five rather large pills, almost violently red in color. “I have severe anemia, so for it I have to take an iron pill any time I eat. I have more… iron in my body than others, and as a result I suppose there are positive side-effects, including clear skin.” He inspected the pills for a short moment, before clasping the box closed and sliding it back in his pocket. He drew his eyes up towards the sky. “Quickly, now. We’ve a small window before it pours again.”
He was thin now, much too thin. Gaunt. Marriage to an assassin and a faux pregnancy had done him no favors. He was beautiful. He never wore jumpers anymore, and had begun to put product in his hair. At first Sherlock had supposed it was his sort of mid-life crisis, but now... he wasn’t so sure.
ME: Mycroft is hinting at a consciousness upload. It may be nearer than we think. Would that be something interesting to you?
“Yes.” No hesitation. At John’s expectant look, Sherlock continued on. “That’s an easy explanation: adrenaline. It can push your muscles in ways you never thought possible, disregarding comfort and aiming for maximum strength. I’m a bit sore, to be honest, but I had a rush while pushing you out of the way. Even at the high speeds the car was going, I was able to stop it. I'm lucky that I didn’t break my arm.” He met John’s gaze, his long eyes thoughtful. “I’m sure you can Google it, Doctor.”
“Moriarty,” Sherlock began one morning over toast, eyes training unblinkingly at John and teacup up to his lips. At the word John’s eyes flashed up, mouth pursing and spine straightening hard for a split moment before he forcibly relaxed. He turned his eyes back down to the newspaper in his hands as if he hadn’t just reacted. Telling, very telling.
She hesitantly shook his hand, grip laughably smaller than his. She was fair, but looked tanned next to his milky skin. “Yes,” she breathed.
She didn’t seem sheepish in the slightest, only increasing in volume with a more manic smile taking its place. “That’s it, isn’t it? I knew something was off during the Gala, you two were glued to each others’ hip the whole time! Let alone him staring daggers whenever you danced with anyone else, or you scanning the whole room if you couldn't see him. It was a wonder I was able to drag him away and ask him if he’d like to come back to the dormitories with me.”
“So, Diane,” he started conversationally, wiping at the windows with a sponge and thick gloves. The experiment had been more explosive than expected, and the person he was assisting was worryingly carefree about it. “Do you know who Sherlock Holmes is?”
John zones out and glances into the kitchen, to where Sherlock and Molly seem to be having a serious conversation. Not an argument, persay, but not casual small-talk either, out of place among the lighthearted atmosphere. John narrows his eyes curiously at the sight.
At that ‘boring’, something itched along John’s spine, not unlike the feeling of spiders trailing up his skin, so much so that he could barely suppress a shiver at the tickling sensation. He suddenly and inexplicably had to prove that ‘boring’ wasn’t the case, though he had no idea why.
Sherlock hushed him, neck craning to peer at the people swarming around the main entrance. Above Sherlock’s training uniform was a great black coat, hanging open at the front and completely incongruent with the skin-tight fabric beneath. He looked a bit better with what sleep he was able to get, at least. While their hiding place was a tad dramatic, crouched side-to-side behind artificial foliage, it served its purpose just fine. "You have little faith, Watson," he murmured in a light tone.
“I know what you said,” he says. “You’d be more surprised by me giving them to you after agreeing not to, wouldn’t you say?”
From downstairs, a guitar plays a melody. It’s too quiet to make out, but it still drifts through the floor and echoes in the cavity of John’s chest. He can feel the plucked bass of the low notes in his ribs, the high strings in his heartbeat, the acoustic vibrations in his bloodstream. In the delirious way only a sleep-deprived man could, John imagines Sherlock playing him like a guitar, and isn’t surprised when he realizes, at least metaphorically, he already does.
Sherlock’s condescension could be heard from 30 meters away, apparently. “I’ll certainly endeavour to, Doctor!”
“Do you want to go home now?” Sherlock asked over the rising music. John, eyes bright, vehemently shook his head.
“JOHN!” Sherlock yelled, the coast’s wind whipping at his clothes and sand sticking to his bare feet. The rain had pushed further into England over the past several hours of waiting, soaking Sherlock’s clothes and dripping his hair into his face. The deafening howl of the helicopter was landing, as if was everywhere all at once. “JOHN!” He tried again.
Beautiful. “Like the next flu victim,” John manages to call back with practiced ease, years of experience masking any sort of break in his voice. Sherlock’s laugh echoes into the sitting room. John glances down at the tee in his hands dumbly. He wants to bring it up to his face, wants to inhale the familiar scent that has always soothed him, always meant ‘comfort’ and ‘safe’ to him in the years when his mental state was anything but. He wants to tug the shirt on and never take it off.
John was running, stumbling over foothills and past trees in his haste. Was he running from something? Towards something? All he knew was that he was sprinting, his legs free of pain, and he felt physically incapable of stopping.
It’s still for a Moment. And then there’s a pressure on his shoulder, soft and warm like a closed mouth. “Okay.”
This time, Sherlock was the one interrupting. Even from this height, John could see the sparkle in his eyes. “I do! Start swinging the rope!”
“Eat,” John insisted, pushing the plate further towards him, the iron pill nearly rolling off onto the table. A bite to eat usually seemed to ease the sharp end of his temper, and after the yelling match earlier over the state of the toaster, they both could use a peace offering. Sherlock paid him nor the plate any mind.
Sherlock’s lips quirked, but he said nothing more on the subject. “What brings you back to London, then? I can get enough of a read on you to tell that you're familiar enough in the city.”
“Quite,” Sherlock bit out after a moment, shifting away from John and twining his hands behind his back, the pinnacle of poised. John’s eyes darted between the brothers, but it seemed as though their hard stares spoke a language of their own.
Sherlock was oddly quiet, his face shuttered off. His hands were firm on John’s knees. “And your conclusion?”
Sherlock didn’t move, save for his eyelids fluttering closed and lips trembling around his voice. For the first time John had ever remembered seeing, Sherlock looked
“Yes,” Sherlock agreed, hands dropping so he could grab John’s arse and press them closer. At that, John came with a hiss between them, slicking and tightening his grasp until Sherlock was positive that he only needed another stroke to completion. When John halted his movement, Sherlock protested and went to finish himself off.
Rosie’s just been put to bed. John descends the stairs carefully, quietly, even though she could sleep through a world war without waking up. The lingering smell of garlic sticks to his clothes and the walls; it’s going to be a few days until it airs out completely. Downstairs, there’s the sound of running water.
Sherlock complied, pausing the training mode. John couldn’t help but sigh at the relief of his chip dimming down, his brain beginning to feel whole again. “You’re good,” he said dumbly.
push it towards ‘worth it’ territory. And if John was finding himself almost asking the man himself later on in the night, then, well, he could just blame it on the alcohol.
Sherlock hummed, but dropped his hands to his side. “Very well,” he drawled, shuffling closer. “I suppose you’ve come to your senses then, hmm?”
—” He stops. Feels a tremor crawling up his right thigh. “I just… I need you to help me understand.”
“Hello, John,” Sarah said with a smile. Her eyes flickered to Sherlock, who hadn’t even turned in acknowledgement and seemed wholly disinterested in the unexpected visitor. She held a bright pink post-it in her hand. “To Sherlock’s pleasure, actually.”
John blinked away the fog as the neuron-chip died down, feeling his brain become whole once again without distinction. Auroras were always a treat, save for their terrifying drumming against the dome and widespread ruining of anything electrical. Outside of the sun during the day, these solar flares were the next top reason every man-made area on Earth had some sort of overhead protection. The light show used to be harmless, but with a thinning atmosphere, it had the capacity to be lethal.
'Tore a man limb from limb', Mary had said. John thought of the car accident, where Sherlock stopped the vehicle with just his hand. The legend Mary told him was believable because it was ingrained facts that John already knew, facts that she knew nothing about. Which brought him towards his second thought: What was he going to do if the legend was true?
A burst of sound in the distance, a definitive direction slightly to the right. He turned towards the noise and began to run, the sand thankfully yielding to his uncoordinated feet.
Against the door, John giggled and began to slide down to the floor. With a roll of his eyes, Sherlock set the laptop aside to stretch to his feet, legs stiff from disuse. “John,” he greeted with disinterest, maneuvering around the messy living room to stand before the pile of the man. “Welcome home. I’m assuming you’re sleeping at the doorway tonight?”
If John ever admits that to himself, however, he’ll drown so far into his own personal pit of self-loathing that he won’t be able to climb himself out.
ME: Beta, you can argue about the definition about consciousness for as long as you’d like, but the official definition requires the existence of a brain. Just because a plant transports water and nutrients through its body and reacts to sunlight doesn’t give it a consciousness nor a brain, but merely awareness.
John shook his head, nudging Sherlock’s shoe playfully with his cane. “No no no, you knew that already. I’ve told you that before, I remember.”
John shrugged, switching the safety back on his gun and shoving it into his waistband. “Maybe the garbage was recently taken from it,” he offered. Then he immediately winced at his words, regretful.
John whispers. The hand on Sherlock’s cheek drops back down to the center of his chest, where he kneads into the scar that his wife had made.
Sherlock nodded, the beginnings of his usual blush blooming in his cheeks. “Yes. Good. John, would you be… well, would you like to join me for lunch?”
“Distract me. Prattle on about nothing and everything so I don’t go back there and-” He cut off his sentence with a strangled sound, writhing in his seat as if his body was at war with his mind, yearning to take action on its own accord. John subconsciously flattened himself to his door.
Sherlock scoffs and smiles, but it doesn’t quite reach his eyes. “I really was a prick back then, wasn’t I?”
side, but that wasn't exactly old news. John was patient enough to ignore it. “Right you are. Anything else you need me to do? Tie your shoelaces, maybe brush your teeth?”
But Sherlock didn’t answer, only pressed his shoulder firmly against John’s. Mycroft raised his eyebrows slightly at that, a surprised expression that looked wrong on his face. His eyes were curious as they studied his brother’s body, and his brows dropped to furrow the barest amount when he didn’t find what he was looking for.
Before John can reply, Mycroft returns, coat draped over his forearm and the twinkle in his eye dangerous. “You’re quite correct, I haven’t reached my day-to-day quota as of yet.” And then he glances down Sherlock’s body purposefully, narrowing his eyes on the midsection before flashing a smirk. “But it looks as though
He could practically hear her pretty smile over the phone. “I’ve been well! I hope you don’t mind I asked Harry for your new number. I tried calling your old one, but it told me it was disconnected.”
That much was obvious, if his busted lip and broken nose were anything to go by. To be honest, he had
how people could be scared of Sherlock. On the receiving end, the man was much more intimidating than he could have ever imagined, teeth bared and eyes blazing with liquid ferocity. It was like the first time they had met, and if John hadn't been paying attention, he would've guessed that Sherlock absolutely despised him in this very moment. However, John was an army man; he knew how to stand his ground.
John rolls his eyes at the transparency. “Sherlock. I know you, and I know your brother. There’s a file over me hidden away in one of these bookshelves, I’m aware, and I stopped minding it long ago.”
Sherlock watches him, his eyes full of unabashed fondness. Is that the wrong word? Full of something soft and lovely, rather. John’s never seen eyes quite like that before. Sherlock moves his hand from John’s shoulder down his arm, so it covers the one against his side.
Seventy years ago, limb from limb. John, striking his head on the curb as Sherlock pushed him out of the way of the incoming car. His hand outstretched, paint under his nails, a dent in the metal. It should’ve taken roughly
John didn’t need to spin around to ascertain Sherlock’s words, and found himself utterly unsurprised at the thought. His own mouth curved into an answering smile.
John jumped back in utter surprise, while RJ simply laughed. It wasn’t gone, though; it popped into existence a few seconds later, only moved halfway across the mat. Teleportation? John was looking around to the people passing, disbelieving that he was the only one who saw the trick. He turned back to the giggling child. “How?” He asked incredulously.
John. I know you can. Cloning has been the only mode of reproduction available to humanity for the last thousand years. Say, for example, every single human used to have an AB negative blood type. Therefore, through cloning, every person
John smiled uncomfortably, trying to be nice but feeling like it wasn't a convincing performance. Lately, women haven’t been as easy to talk to as they had back in uni, in any capacity. “I appreciate the invitation, Molly, but I can’t. It’s my dad’s birthday next week, matter of fact.” It wasn’t a lie, actually. His father, rest in peace, lied in Devon next to John’s grandparents and further ancestors in a private cemetery. He took the trip on the years he could, and it was just a lucky coincidence that it lied on the day of the banquet.
“Oh, he does that, dear,” Mrs. Hudson said one morning, having brought up a pot of tea and some biscuits. “He warned me of it the day he first moved in. Every few weeks, he goes over to visit his parents in France for a day or two. He has severe anemia, you see, and it seems as though his parents have the proper medication needed.” She lowered her voice gently, collecting John’s plate and cup when he was finished. “It’s not my place to say, but Sherlock used to have a problem with, well,
“It’s a match, then.” Sherlock’s lips spread into a full-blown grin, complete with ultra-white teeth and a crookedness that almost made John’s heart stop. He’s sure he would get tired of the man’s incredible beauty (he would
John had always loved hearing Sherlock curse, especially since it happened so rarely and that his voice made it sound downright illegal. He couldn’t help a small smile. “Hey, it’s fine. I’m sure it looks much worse than it really is. Nothing’s broken, and I’m fairly sure I won’t be pissing blood.”
“Not particularly,” John replied slowly, though he wasn’t sure what was actually spoken and what wasn’t. He tensed up his own stance, knowing that Sherlock could attack at any moment. “I’m a rugby coach. I don’t think I’ve ever so much as gotten into a fight before.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed almost imperceptibly, and then he released her. That was the only way John could describe it – it was almost as if he was forcing her to engage, if the lack of color to her cheeks was anything to go by, and then suddenly let her free. The air calmed marginally.
But Sherlock was averting his eyes, desperately trying to look anywhere other than in the face of the man he... he...
John made a needy sort of noise in his throat, like a man dying of thirst being given a river. Sherlock had released their hands so he could grip John’s head in his hands, pressing them impossibly closer even though there was a table between them. John hung his hands loosely from the other man’s biceps and opened his mouth, deepening the kiss skillfully and earning himself a thin moan. Sherlock tasted so deliciously familiar, he almost wanted to cry.
“I don’t make a habit of snogging with strangers I hardly know,” John managed whenever he reluctantly broke away for air.
John pushed down the heat threatening his cheeks. “... Likewise.” He hoped Sherlock wouldn’t read too far into his own personalized meaning of ‘self control’. He absently tumbled a shrimp over and over again with his fork. “So. Where does that leave us?”
John’s not even surprised by the question. He runs the pick down the strings slowly, quietly, in one final chord, and shakes his head just barely. “No,” he replies. “Not yet. But almost.”
Sherlock blinks back to the present, and immediately picks back up his strumming, almost instinctually. Before the next verse, he smirks, but the pinkness of his cheeks betrays him. “I’m betting on it.”
The light turned green, but Sherlock kept John’s eyes in his. “I am no stranger to murder. In any definition of the word.”
Once, for a case, while Sherlock had hung off of him with spindly, grabby arms atop the pub’s wobbling stools, John had swayed too close, and Sherlock had kissed him.
“Three questions,” Sherlock began, once John felt himself swimming into consciousness. He could understand language, which was obviously a good sign. “You may ask me three questions, and then we never speak of today again. Agreed?”
When Sherlock helped John onto the gurney, John noticed that underneath Sherlock’s right nails was something blue, the same color as the car itself.
“Naturally,” John replied. He eyed the newly-renovated facility, now set up into individual pens separated by rope. Boxing rings, he vaguely recognized. “Do we have partners, then?”
He could practically hear the other man rolling his eyes, which said something about how much John already knew the man despite their limited interactions. “
John doesn’t move. The lightbulb above him flickers, but it’s actually his eyelids, rapid and fluttering on the tailend of his adrenaline rush. There’s one thought that formulates itself, flashing itself in his mind with warning sirens and blinking lights:
“I have a very keen sense of smell,” he said, toying with the paper wrapper from John’s straw. “Perhaps one of the best in the world. Once a trail is found, you’re remarkably easy to pinpoint.” John knew he looked affronted, because Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Oh, John, it’s nothing bad. Quite the contrary, which is only the more worrying.”
John huffed under his breath. “Fair enough. Truth be told, I’m already in Plymouth. I’m coming by tomorrow.”
She was being suggestive, but John hardly noticed. He was blinking far too fast, and his blood was cresting in waves behind his ears. There were… far too many similarities to simply shake off.
Lestrade’s laugh was booming in the open facility, and John huffed out his own laugh, though a tad awkward when he truly thought about his own words. He wasn’t exactly kidding, nor had he undergone anything that could constitute ‘training’. As more and more people filed in, though, Lestrade changed the subject, for which John was grateful.
“Well, I heard that you came back from Afghanistan, so I was wondering if you were going to pay your father a visit? Like you used to?”
John leaned back further into his chair, far from relaxed but wary enough. “I don’t even remember my time in medical school. I’m not even sure if I…”
ME: If we can’t determine its effectiveness within this lifetime, then this may be the end of humanity as a whole.
“Yes, that’s what I said,” John said with a yawn, eyes closing to give any sort of relief to his head. “Anyway. Continue.”
John has the sneaking suspicion that he does know. That he’s known for a while now. Still, because he’s a coward, he shakes his head.
“Your regret,” John said evenly. “For pushing me out of the way. You don’t know why you did it, and you find yourself wondering why you even bothered. I’m too…
Another hefty sigh, and John pushed away his plate with a grimace. “How good for you two,” he muttered.
With horror, Sherlock realized that they were drunk. He was taking advantage of John’s state for his own irrelevant wants. As if burnt, Sherlock pushed away all at once.
Sometimes, when John is very, very lucky, late into the night after a case or while Rosie naps on one of their shoulders or even sometimes over a simple, quiet breakfast, he can catch the briefest wave. An impossible gentling of the face, painted in adoration and longing and happiness all in one as Sherlock Holmes lets his facade fall from the great brain, and into the even greater heart.
“No! That’s not what I was saying!” Sherlock interrupted, hands up as if he was surrendering. His eyes were wide and striking in sudden urgency. “Just- never mind. I’m thrilled that we’re next to each other, I assure you.”
“Ominous,” John mutters, but Sherlock only winks and snatches his coat, ruffling it behind him like a great big cape as he disappears through the front door. The stairs echo with his footsteps, as if he’s dropping down them three at a time. John has to remind himself that his flatmate is only
She makes a happy noise, not quite a ‘yes’ but heavily implied. She starts kicking, so John sets her back down, to where she tilts over off her feet and attempts to untie his shoelaces. “Everything go well?” He asks Sherlock, and the man nods in reply. John motions his chin to the guitar with a smile. “Collaboration?”
catch Sherlock looking at him, it was filled with intense thought, the slant of his brow showing his frustration and his lips tight. Whenever he would realize that John had met his eyes, he would turn away.
“I’ve had you here for nearing four hours, and I know with certainty that you hadn’t eaten breakfast this morning. Enough of the idea to grab the secretary a cup of coffee - interesting subject, that - but not my point. Care for a sandwich?”
Inside was bare and metallic, oddly soothing in its lack of emotion that death provoked in the outside world. There was a woman there, thin and mousy in a lab coat that seemed a size too big. When she heard the door close, she whipped around with a squeak, ponytail hitting her in the face. “S-Sherlock,” she sputtered.
“John Watson,” he heard that familiar voice purr, words intentionally quiet and void of any earlier tension. His soft voice rolled off John's spine like a water drop. “He just joined the temporary staff in the labs, I believe.”
“I’m sorry I took advantage of you,” John said with a rush of air. “It was wrong of me, and it won’t happen again.”
He was across the main hall, scrubs donned and covered head-to-toe in blood. He was wrangling the hair cap off his head, all the while being scolded at by one of the resident doctors, the older woman nearly red in the face with fury. John watched him roll his eyes, curls free, and bite out something harsh in response. The students wove around them with disinterest, and John had no idea how.
“Sure,” Sally assented, kicking off into a full run with a farewell salute. When she passed him, he felt the wind of her departure brush his face.
“Simmons is working the first quadrant of the inverter ring,” the overseer murmured to Dimmock, though loud enough for John to hear. “He’s by himself. If something happened…”
Rosie’s practically screaming in delight. John dips her until she’s nearly upside down, hand cradling her head.
Eventually, though, it was between public sex or asphyxiating. John pulled away with a huff, something unlike anything Sherlock has seen before in his expression. Sherlock could feel both of their heartbeats in every inch of his body.
John reached behind the gravestone, and then straightened back up. He felt Sherlock at his back, emitting more cold than heat, and he glanced over John’s shoulder to see what he held.
Outside is just this side of too warm for outer coats, the remnants of summer’s heat unwilling to let go of autumn’s rightful claim. John had pulled out the pram, but Sherlock had insisted that at Rosie’s age she should be walking with better mobility than she was currently. John proceeded to say no, that’s just technical milestones at unrealistic timeframes and that Rosie was actually quite advanced for her age, but Sherlock had waved him away and now allows her to grasp his index finger as he patiently helps her down 221’s front steps. Hiding a smile, John forgoes the pram and hails a cab.
Feeling like a child, John spun around on his heel and stomped away down the opposite side of the hallway, his cane clicking against the floor. He heard a chuckle, as soft as velvet, and he stifled a growl.
The man didn’t laugh, only instead met John’s eyes again with a hard, thoughtful expression. “Your name?” He asked expectantly.
A rarity, one that Sherlock didn’t care about at the moment. “John wants primrose flowers at the wedding,” he said offhandedly. “It reminds him of the summers in Devon county with his grandparents. Mary told me that she would prefer flowers with more substance, perhaps roses.”
John’s heart was hammering, but his breathing was slow, lungs pressing against his ribcage and threatening to split his chest in two. His hand rose, sluggish, to brush against Sherlock’s cheekbone, mirroring him, his nails lightly scratching the skin. “I think…” he breathed. "That you're a much better person than you give yourself credit for."
John stares at his daughter through the bars of her crib, and feels a pang of jealousy at how easily she sleeps.
In a few moments, Sherlock's face morphed from shock into some sort of quiet outrage. “You… You think I regret saving your life?” Quick as a flash, Sherlock closed the distance between them to grip John’s biceps, face inches away. “You don’t know anything,” he hissed.
Sherlock fell into the cab more than he entered it, feet twisting as he maneuvered uncoordinated legs into the car. It took him a few tries to close the door. “Nonesome-sense, nonsense, John,” he barked, voice higher than usual and hilariously slurred. “This is what your ‘Stag Night’ is for, hmm?”
“Sally,” he says in surprise. He honestly hadn’t thought she would show up in the first place, let alone willingly hold and play with a baby,
‘Sleep’, he typed. Articles about sleeping during the day and such were the majority, but John found a bit of a gem nestled in an article about a Filipino legend:
He side-stepped into the open space beside Sherlock’s outstretched arm, bringing his hands up to cup his angular face. He could feel legs kicking behind him, catching on his clothes, but he did his best to keep steady. “Hey,
He slowly raises his hand. Hesitates, then presses his thumb in the hollow beneath John’s bottom lip, runs it up the line of his jaw. Shifts his palm against John’s cheek, threads the tip of his fingers in his hair. John’s hands grip the table behind him.
“I’ll take this one,” Sherlock says. He blinks down to Rosie’s face, who can’t keep her eyes open nor her head from lolling onto his shoulder, and murmurs, “Are you ready for bed, Watson? I’ll read you a story, if you’d like.” She doesn’t seem to have noticed the change in person. John cups her head and leans forward to press a kiss to her temple.
“Get some sleep, it’s nearly 3 AM,” John said sometime during the third week, having gotten up for a drink of water. Sherlock was in the same position he was four hours ago, seated by the window with his hands clasped in his lap. The moon’s reflection bathed his face, and his irises were an unnerving black whenever he turned to look at John. Luckily, there seemed to be no malice in his face despite his prior moods the last few days.
“You’re upset,” she commented lightly, as if talking about the weather. Which was 58°C outside the dome, the ceiling had said, in case anyone cared. “Why are you upset? Am I making you uncomfortable?”
After a beat, she nods and sits at her armchair, setting Rosie on her thighs and supporting her back. John follows to the couch, and when the silence begins to get uncomfortable, he takes a deep breath and says, tentatively: “Molly, I’m sorry for everything that happened. Sherlock’s sorry, too, I promise. It’s not… It’s just, we didn’t have any choice. If it weren’t life-and-death…”
John started at the words. “That was over twenty years ago! I don’t know a thing about medicine anymore, I can barely even- hey!”
too much. It was only a quick Google search and some introspective daydreaming, to be honest. Worryingly, Sherlock was right: if this Mycroft (?) had ordered men to dispose of him, that meant that whatever John
Truer words have never been notioned. In the open, with normal people who had normal problems passing by him on the sidewalk, it was easy to focus on the things he needed to know rather than the things he already knew.
“I’m not,” John protested, unable to tamper the spark of arousal at the touch. His hands hesitantly bracketed Sherlock’s angular hips, and then gripped them as tight as possible. “I’m the same as the others.”
A lot happier and moreso plumper since the last time they met, being with Mike was like riding a bike. If John could still ride, that is. Taking a sip of tea (his coffee had gone cold), John reveled in the frantic page turning of textbooks in the dining area and rushing students in the main halls.
John was feeling terribly unnerved, shifting his position. He looked at RJ’s shoulder rather than his face. “Why is that?”
“Oh, John, by the way, I found this on the stairs, one of you must have dropped it. It’s so romantic.”
“Yes, well,” Sherlock said, snatching back John’s jacket and bodily stuffing him into it. “We’ll honor them by finding their killer, won’t we?”
The man’s cheeks were beginning to fade to a more normal shade of pink, rather than the intense red they just were before. He was a clone, at least.
Oh, crap. What was John going to do when news came back that Simmons, whoever the poor sod was, was fine? All of those fancy words the overseer had used seemed to indicate that he was in the ring surrounding the main part of the ship. How long would it take to get to that?
Their hands never move away, or closer. It's simultaneously 'enough' and 'too little' and John wants to drown beneath it all.
At the village, John was pleasantly surprised by the modernity of it all. It was never too traditional – there had always been cars, and running water, and basic electricity. There had even been a movie theatre, albeit a drive-in with barely enough space for twelve cars. Only today, there were full-blown roads, and even a bank. There were two schools now rather than one, and instead of there being a small farmer’s market, there was an actual chain supermarket. Mary had told him that she had just gotten air conditioning for the inn – he hoped that applied for the other places in the town, as well.
So be it. John finally found the switch, just beside the doors. He flicked it, and as the doors opened, he was blasted with frigid cold and the night sky just beginning to brighten, like those weeks before when he and Sherlock ventured outside of the dome. Beside the electric smell of the cold, John detected a hint of something slightly foul, almost like gasoline. He leaned out of the doorway as far as he dared.
John tilted forward, bracing his elbows on the table and perching his chin in his folded hands. “I was hitting on you, Sherlock. Quite successfully, I had thought, until you rambled about how
I thought…” He rubs his eyes with the heels of his hands, and admits, “I don’t know what I was thinking.”
“I’ve set the field’s temperature to be nice and toasty for your run,” he continued. “Because I am a kind and gentle god, I’ve turned the obstacle course setting off, so all you’ll be doing is running. Ten laps minimum; I’ll decide if we should stop there, in case some of you are still unenthusiastic. Any questions? Excellent. Follow me.”
He was either an idiot, or bloody brilliant. With an incredulous grin, John did as he was told, beginning to swing the rope parallel to the ring with great pushes of strength. It took a bit of momentum, but soon the end of the rope was nearly brushing the sides of the great ring, though considerably higher up.
Sherlock was running, running through dirty alleyways and over dumpsters and up fire escapes. He could hear John’s heavy footfalls far behind him sloshing through the filthy London water, and he deliberately slowed a bit to let the man catch up to him. A year ago, he wouldn’t have bothered; now that the blossoming fondness had grown into something akin to friendship, he had more of a… respect for the man. If that was the word.
John felt warm from head to toe, but he kept himself from grinning, still somewhat cautious. “So, that’s to say that the first time we were, er, together, it wasn’t too… unexpected?”
He slipped away all at once, trying not to linger before winding around people on his way to the bathroom. His seduction techniques were rather rusty, after all, if they could be called that. When he reached the bathroom, he paused to listen over the slight chatter.
was the one complaining about it whenever he visited. Therefore, Sherlock made the flat look presentable each time he (they) made a visit. It was the only logical thing. “I can imagine,” he replied. “John’s late. Did he pick up the take-in, or shall I?”
But where was Sherlock? All of a sudden, the man in the hazel jumpsuit was nowhere to be seen. Where had he gone? Someone gave John’s pale uniform a look, but he ignored it.
With a groan, John turned over until he was half-sprawled over the other man, pulling him closer wherever he could fit. “Already having second thoughts?” He nuzzled into Sherlock’s now-dry curls. “Too bad. You’re stuck with me, Holmes, always have been. Nothing you can do about it.”
John pushed away, not harshly but none too gently either. “So I’ve heard.” Grabbing his cane and duffel, he marched inside, ignoring the posh-looking interior that matched its posh-looking exterior. He wanted to ask Sherlock what the end price was, but he also
John starts in surprise. He wasn’t expecting her to want the specifics, and he finds himself wholly unwilling to reexperience it all himself. “Are you sure? I don’t remember any of it too well.”
He heard a grumble, and then felt the presence behind his shoulder more than he heard the steps, cold air pressed to his back. From the corner of his eye, he could practically see the wheels in that brilliant mind turn and rattle in confusion. “Stansex,” he murmured.
Sherlock’s none the wiser concerning John’s thoughts, for once. “No,” he replies, and then immediately cocks his head and says, “Well, maybe.”
When there’s no immediate answer forthcoming, he huffs out a breath and reaches for the doorknob, intent on roaming the streets of London aimlessly until his legs can’t hold him anymore, presumably.
As long and as wide as the length of a barge, the Deep Space Explorer was black as pitch with silver accents running down its exterior, though otherwise blemishless and smooth. It was roughly triangular in shape with a great big ring locked around its body, like a dolphin in the middle of jumping through a hoop. Beside it was a tower connected to its body, presumably where people could come and go on each level of the towering craft, and beneath it the workers ran around like ants near where thick power lines connected it to the ground. The ship was the culmination of the light and activity emerging from the complex, like the dome was a solar system and the DSE Intrepid was its sun. John nearly missed his exit, Anthea having to nudge him towards their fork in the walkway not unkindly.
That seemed to stir the man – Sherlock. Popping out the slide and scribbling something on the paper beside him, he hooked his apron over his head and threw it carelessly to the side. His movements were precise but uncalculated, as if every move he made was part of a daily routine. When he strode across the room, it was as if he glided on air.
August had readily made its home in London, and while John was certainly in it for the long haul, he was having trouble mentally getting used to the fact that he was flatmates (and then some) with a creature of myth and shadows. Whenever possible, he couldn’t resist starting up an impromptu Q-and-A session to try and make heads or tails with the biology of what his flatmate actually
“John?” Sherlock whispered, popping into the hallway. He had on his official uniform they were all given, a button-up jumpsuit that was slim yet freeing in its material. His was a tannish green color, meaning he was a representative, with ‘SECTOR TWO - HOLMES’ sewn across the left breast. He was tying on his shoes in a near frenzy. “Why are you awake?”
Sherlock’s biting the inside of his cheek, a nervous tic he’s picked up. “You’re bound to be correct once in awhile,” he finally replies.
John only smiled, scrubbing a hand over his slight stubble. He was just reaching for the newspaper when there was a tap at the door.
Sherlock huffed. “Dreadful thing, donating blood,” he said offhandedly. “My iron is low enough already. Just thinking about blood makes me dizzy.”
to the impossible man. Glimpsing his angelic face in the flat never failed to send a shock down John's spine, and when he was alone, he found himself frequenting Sherlock’s favorite spots in search of his alluring smell. His armchair, the windowsill, at the dining table. John, like the teenage girl he was, was trying to drown himself in the scent that was both natural and inhuman. Unlike any cologne on the market, yet so different from the natural emittance the human body could supply. He was obsessed, and it was bordering on a gross habit, but he just couldn’t stop.
John narrowly escapes. It’s been over three months since he confessed to… well, intending to confess, and it’s all just so achingly childish. He’s ready to put an end to it, in one way or another. And, to be honest, he doesn’t even admit to his
The fact that he said ‘home’ rather than 221B did not go unnoticed by Sherlock, but he was hardly going to bring it up. “I’ve one more place to go,” he managed, struggling to straighten his legs. “Last one. Scott’s honor.” Sherlock’s brow furrowed and he braced a hand on the seat behind him, leaning unsteadily towards John like the fate of the world depended on the answer to his question. “Who’s Scott?”
he thinks, but to Sherlock’s credit he only inclines his head. “That’s probably the kindest compliment you’ve given me yet,” he says, a small smile curving at his lips. The saddest part being that he likely means it.
Sherlock didn’t reply. He didn’t have to, as Mycroft seemed to be taking his leave. “I’ll keep in touch,” Mycroft said, returning to his annoyingly posh exterior. “While you did excellent work in destroying Moriarty’s network, we both know that the man was popular enough to warrant admirers. I’ll alert you if anything arises.”
“I just had a chat with Greg,” John continues. He settles in the chair opposite, stretching out his legs to relieve the tightness of the day. “He wanted to know if you were alive, considering that you’ve been ignoring his calls for the past two months.”
The sparring wasn’t too harsh this time, just light back-and-forths that pushed John further and further into the rhythm. It was obvious that Sherlock had backed off, after hearing that John had never fought before. He didn’t seem bored, but he had a breezy air as he worked John around the mat with sure, precise movements. Only the sheen of sweat to his skin and the half-smile betrayed his investment.
It was a sizable stack, so John quickly took it from her and dropped it at the mantel. He caught the topmost envelope before it could slide off, shuffling it back on top. “Sherlock, post! Ta, Mrs. Hudson, would you like to join us for breakfast?”
be a fool to decline such an invitation from Sector A. It was a simple truth, ingrained in everybody’s brain. Quite literally.
Inside, the facility was rearranging itself like a great box folding in on itself, morphing into whatever layout the next activity required. John finished off his own bottle with a lesser, answering smile. “You had some training, at least. You should be more worried about me handling lives.”
Something dropped in John’s chest like a stone. “Oh,” he said slowly. “Oh. Well, if you’d like, I can talk to Mycroft to see if there’s anything he can do towards helping me switch rooms with-”
He felt lips brush his neck, once, twice. His chest rushed with breath. Without thinking, he reached out his hands to the fabric at Sherlock’s waist, for something to hold onto. A breath of amusement at his neck, before a nose nudged the hollow beneath his ear to draw out a long, soft inhale. John felt a shiver beneath his hands.
“I can’t see the ground!” John shouted over the increasing loudness of the wind. They were slowly but steadily gaining velocity, and if it took off into hyper-speed now, John was certain that they would be ripped off.
“John,” he sighed, which was rewarded with a twist of the fingers inside of him. He had nowhere to put his hands, so he settled on the doorframe above him, forearms flexing in a last-ditch effort to keep upright. When he was properly slicked and painfully erect, John dragged him to the desk and cleared it off to the side, pressing Sherlock down from the waist until his cheek was squashed against the wood. Another tear of foil and the wet sound of lubricant, and then John was pushing into him with an unyielding force.
“Blue,” Sherlock said slowly, voice so deep it vibrated into the earth. “Artificially colored, obviously. I don’t precisely know the meaning behind the color, though I do know that roses are not a common flower to bring to a gravesite, unless the one who brings it had a romantic relationship with the deceased.” His head quirked, a question. “Is your mother here?”
The man was in the act of climbing through the ropes onto the platform, looking like a spider with his long limbs in such a narrow form. He had angular features from what John could see, and fair skin with a contrast of curly dark hair. When his eyes met John’s, catlike and startlingly pale, there was a hitch in his movements. His foot hooked onto the rope and he fell face-first into the mat.
The atmosphere swiftly thrummed back alive with rage, like thick and foul exhaust clouding the interior, and the steering wheel squeaked as Sherlock’s white hands went even whiter in fists.
Sherlock helped him up, but didn’t relax his stance. “Come on, John, I’m sure you’ve seen your fair amount of danger.”
John didn’t realize when the car began moving again, too caught up in the words still ringing in his ear. Sherlock had killed before? Thoughts of Stansex came to mind, of the legend Mary told, the dismembering of a body and the devouring of blood. Visions so strong he could practically smell the copper tang in the air. He closed his eyes for a brief reprise, tilting his head back against the headrest.
John’s lips quirked, and that felt like a victory. He aligned their bodies and sank down, hissing through his teeth past the pain and heat and into pleasure. Sherlock wanted to meet him, to thrust his hips up into shared space, but he knew John needed this sense of power. To have control while everything else was falling.
“No, I’m not listening,” John said honestly, mouth barely moving around his gravelled words. His brain was throbbing, and he tilted his head up the barest amount to glare at Sherlock over their table at the dining hall. “You drank more than me, why aren’t you miserable?”
He looks up and meets Molly’s eyes, where she’s cleaning off the plate that had the chicken wings. She looks worried. “Is… Is everything alright?”
John says, a small, still-sober part of his brain screaming at him to stop, before this moment turns into a Moment. Or has it already?
That night, Sherlock awoke from sleep with the most painful feeling he’s ever had, right inside of his chest. Like every pulse of that dreaded muscle in behind his sternum was killing him rather than keeping him alive.
“If Sherlock Holmes ever returns to the moors, namely on Stansex territory, an ancient curse will be freed and, in overall terms, something bad will happen.” She laughed at that, a disbelieving noise. She took his silence as disappointment. “I told you, just a boring old legend. Are you ready to go back to the group, or…?”
In the cab ride back home, where John’s hand is splayed on the middle seat, Sherlock slides his own over to press their pinkies together. John looks over to where the lights of London alight his skin, pale throat peaking through his open collar and against the curve of his jawline. John wants to know if that skin is cool from the chilly autumn air, or warm instead.
“We said no for a reason!” Lestrade shouted, hands flinging into the air. People were staring, but nobody lingered for too long in fear of the thunderous captain. He pointed at John accusingly. “Clothes torn, bleeding, oxygen mask, the beginnings of sun irritation. By god, Sherlock, he looks positively awful!”
“What do you need me to do, then?” John asked, chin up and stance straightening into something automatic.
“Welcome home, John,” came the security system of his home. While John was typically unnerved by the thought of getting too close to AI technology, he could stomach it when it kept his home secure. He slid off his shoes with a sigh, and was ready to take a shower before a familiar chime alerted his ears.
John blinked. He had figured as much, but to hear it spoken aloud did strange things to his heartbeat. “Oh,” he said dumbly.
Yay, we finished it! I'm notorious for never finishing fics, so I'm glad I got this one done before series 4 (even though this last chapter took me nearly a month, so sorry about that one).
“The representative for Sector 13, Technological Designing,” Sherlock commented, staring at the boy just as intently. “He’s been following us. Well, you, really. He seems too shy to talk to you directly, but he’s in need of your attention.”
“Drunk driving, meaning he was the driver. Floored it straight into a tree. Night of his birthday, matter of fact.” John shrugged. He had loved his father, but he had known that his alcoholism would be the end of him. “It hurt for a while, but it also forced me to take life a bit more seriously. I’m realizing now that he’s probably the reason I went into the army.”
“Elliot, for a girl,” Mary corrected, hand cradling her belly protectively. “It sounds more modern. John doesn’t like it. He wants something older, more traditional, like Beth or Eleanor. Could you imagine?”
believe, however, is that it went as quickly as it began, and with its release, it began a downward spiral directly linked with the energy output.” They were at the elevators. “
“Obviously,” Sherlock grumbles, sliding his phone back into his pocket. He stands up, facing his reflection in the mirror over the mantle to straighten his clothes, as if he wasn’t already (annoyingly) impeccable. “Why don’t you just ask Mrs. Hudson to babysit? She’s made it clear that she’s always available.”
ME: I can feel the ingenuity from here, though I accept. I’m sure this is how others feel whenever I force out an apology.
Lestrade blinked. Obviously, this wasn’t a common occurrence. Reluctantly, the captain made his departure, muttering something about more sleep and extra training. After he left, the stand off between the brothers had not lessened in intensity.
“I see you and Sherlock have been getting closer,” she commented. “He doesn’t get very close with people, so that’s great you two found each other...”
“Have you come to hit me again?” He said brusquely, trying to make his composure arrogant and harsh. It came across as weak. The act couldn’t even fool Mycroft, and
Sherlock shook his head, knowing his eyes were far too wide. “You’re...” With a distressed sound he gripped John’s biceps, hoping his words hit. “You’re drunk. And you’re getting married.”
thing John was thinking the man would request, aside from literally showing up naked. “Huh?” He said eloquently.
John’s head snapped up, and his eyes narrowed. Surprise of surprises, Sherlock was leaning against the wall with a grin nudging his cheeks. John had to keep himself from exploding. “Why do you
“No ‘Sherlock Holmes’?” He asked tentatively, leaning further against the counter. She met his eyes with surprise, Apparently not expecting him to know of the 'agreement', but then turned back to her computer screen with a delicate sigh.
Lips pursed, John was still staring at him in poorly-masked contemplation. “The salad,” he said vaguely, voice seeming far away. Sherlock gave him a thoughtful kind of look but turned back to the window, already onto the desserts.
“Of course I did,” John says, turning his head to watch his daughter gnaw on her toy. In reality, he just can’t face the raw emotion in Sherlock’s eyes, not in the middle of a half-empty café in Islington without preparing himself beforehand. “You shouldn’t be surprised.”
Sherlock swallowed, eyes flickering around blindly as if the moment they landed on John’s gaze, his sight would return.
“Sherlock,” Lestrade warned with a sigh. He held up a hand to the woman before she could respond, so she huffed and opened the door back into the crime scene. Anderson was frowning crossly at her. “She’s behaved herself and hasn’t said one word to you today, was that necessary?”
he rasped, stumbling further into the room towards the chair. Sherlock muted the television and stood slowly, careful of the fracture in his rib still smarting from Germany.
He’s decided not to buy it. The shopkeeper took it with good humor, waving them away with a promise that he’ll keep it warm until Sherlock decides to come back for it. Now the man’s back at his work table, polishing the bell of a french horn with careful, precise movements. John stares until he realizes that Sherlock asked him a question.
Sherlock shrugs, but he looks pleased with himself. “She was interested. Who am I to ignore a curious mind?”
They listened as the footsteps grew quieter the further down he got. Lestrade chuckled without humor, almost hysterical, and told the officers, “I guess fuckin’ write down pink, let future historians try and decipher it.” He turned to John and said, tiredly, “You better follow him. If you figure out what the hell he’s on about, give me a call, alright?”
That night, in John’s dreams, Sherlock stopped walking away. He kept his front turned and still ignored his name on John’s lips, but it was progress.
With uncertainty, John continued with his own work, scuffing at the ground again. And that’s when hell decided to break open.
expression on such a radiant man. Not even his eyes, the turbulent pools that were always his most telling feature, showed his distress that must be drowning him from inside.
John whipped his head down to RJ, blinking out of the memory that had reared its head. The boy had his ship back in his hands, scratching at something on its exterior with that quiet determination. “What?”
The more recent wound, the nearly-healed slice on his calf, stung in a thick shock of heat. Sherlock swallowed, throat suddenly full, and resisted a full-body shudder. “A mental incapacity and nothing more,” he said with a sniff.
He couldn’t lift his hand back up to the newfound holds, the pull of gravity much too strong in his weakened state. He felt the blood on his left palm begin to lessen the friction between skin and rock, and with horror he realized that he was beginning to slip.
John shook out of it, mentally chastising himself. No, he needed to have faith, instead of accusing his flatmate of being a junky. Holding onto some sort of idea that Sherlock was an addict would only turn out to be trouble, considering how difficult it would be for John to mask his doctoral instincts.
brought the bubbling of laughter from his chest. Sherlock’s fingers were insistent beneath John’s eyes. “
He was just standing there, unyielding, the moon much larger in his mind than in real life.  As part of the ground as the skyscrapers were. Waiting. Completely alone.
Google had yielded no results to Sherlock’s name, nothing that wasn’t related to the man’s current work. That was odd – while Stansex was a tiny, irrelevant village, a death had supposedly occurred. John had eventually given up the physical search, instead turning the battle inwards to try and explain it all. Again, nothing of value resulted.
“I saw the CCTV footage,” Mycroft said simply the next week, after the incident with the firepit and the train. Sherlock was at the counter working on an experiment, finding himself not minding the company as much as he should have. “A few days ago, I saw your Doctor Watson arriving at 221B and leaving the following morning. I suppose he has given you his forgiveness?”
“Hm. Not sure,” he said slowly. “I noticed something off yesterday, but I couldn’t be positive. Now, though… it seems as though you have an admirer.”
John nodded slowly. He wasn’t sure anything could be done about these claims, but it was something to know, at least. “That is weird,” he agreed. But then he realized something seemed off. “But what does any of that have to do with me?”
He shuddered when he said that last word, but his profile wasn’t pinched in fury anymore. John slowly relaxed enough to shift into his seat normally, even if it meant coming closer to… him. It. He shook his head. “I’ve almost died before, in Afghanistan. I suppose I’m not as scared of the idea as I once was.”
She huffs, but she’s smiling, and it’s both confused and tinged with an emotion seeming far away. “I didn’t think you’d play guitar, is all,” she says, a bite defensive. “When I was younger, I played the bass in-”
John couldn’t help the grin spreading across his cheeks. “Can you deduce me, then? Tell me my story?”
John sighed and did as he was told, moving to sit atop the table and lift his shirt. He heard Sherlock hiss in a breath and mutter something that suspiciously sounded like ‘bastards’.
“I’ve got you, I’ve got you,” Sherlock said with desperation and something inexplicably assuring, both incongruous with each other but otherwise comforting. With a grunt, Sherlock was able to yank John up onto the steadier ground and drag him further away from the cliffside. Sherlock scrambled through John’s pocket for the mask, thrusting it onto his face for the second time that day. John was coughing into it. He could feel the early morning sun on his face, not fatal yet, but they didn’t have long until they were in immediate danger.
Sherlock slid his hand out, palm-up and fingers slightly curled. After a beat, a smaller, warmer hand slipped into the grip with a squeeze. Sunshine. It had only been a few days of this temporary hell, the blindness not permanent but inconvenient, and John had adapted to the change even better than Sherlock had.
one in weeks and so painfully familiar that Sherlock felt his heart nearly stop beating. “You can’t take me to a gay club and not expect me to dance,” he said innocently.
“Obvious,” John echoed, breathless. He couldn’t believe they were doing this. Sure, he had agreed, but he didn’t seem to have the right frame of mind lately. What happened to the good-old, rugby coach John Watson?
He looked back to him and shook his head earnestly. “Neither am I. It’s been… very nice, living with you. A test of self-control, yes, but not something I would readily give up.”
John nods, eyes drawn to the fabric of his jeans. “To confirm,” John says slowly, while his brain flashes warning signs at him (to no avail), “This was with a…”
have AB negative blood. It’s the same with a virus. If everyone had a virus in their DNA, then through cloning, the virus would stay. It’s not in the air anymore,
John awoke to his last day off, the Wednesday before the DSE Intrepid would launch and subsequently annihilate the ICAM. With that thought, he got up to begin what he supposed would be a rather boring day.
“Usually I stay at the town he’s buried in northeast of here, if I stay at all,” John said, straining his eyes for a motel. “There’s a small bed and breakfast there, but it’s only one bed and, like I said, rather small. I’ve never come here the day before, so I figured Plymouth would be a better idea.”
On the third morning of John’s training, though, he hardly spared a thought for Sherlock Holmes. Not because the man could be easily forgotten; more or less for the fact that Sherlock himself had arrived with an aura that John had difficulty believing. There was something about him that John couldn’t place, an eccentricity that seemed more natural written in words rather than real life. It was easy not to think about a man that could have easily been from a book in John’s childhood. A man that didn’t exist in the first place.
“I will be subjecting myself to the highest form of torture, unfortunately,” he deadpanned. “I’m going to have a word with my brother.”
is the anniversary of his death, as well as his birthday, but I… usually leave the evening before to get the traveling out of the way. I’m sorry.”
“Nothing gets past you.” His voice was smoother than John remembered, the baritone of it practically masking the rudeness of the words themselves. John whooshed out a breath.
Sherlock tossed him an empty vial. “Fill that to the brim with dirt, I’ll draw a bit of my blood and test the oxygenation levels.” He went to move away, but paused. “Go further inland for the samples. I don’t know when another hyper-rail will come through.”
John to be upset. To be his awkward, avoidance-prone self, to not meet Sherlock’s eyes and to act like this wasn’t nothing.
He didn’t glance up when John entered, head bent to a microscope, but his shoulders tensed together ever so slightly as the door closed. His dark hair still curled perfectly, as far as Johh could tell, and his skin was still that deathly pale. There was a surgical mask over his mouth, even though he didn’t have on any other protective gear like an apron or eyewear. He was bent over rather than sitting, which couldn’t have been comfortable for long. John limped further into the room.
He didn’t love John. He wasn’t dense enough to know that he wasn’t too far off, but at the moment, it was just a friendship that lived off of the way they suited each other. It thrived from John’s sudden bursts of intellect and Sherlock’s reluctant moments of sympathy. They suited each other, even (unsurprisingly) in the most intimate of ways. He cared for John. He didn’t want a relationship, per say, but he selfishly wanted John to stop looking for his little girlfriends. No, he didn’t love John, he decided, because he hadn’t the faintest what love was even supposed to feel like.
“Please hold,” answered instead. After a moment, a male voice came on the line. “Doctor Watson, a pleasure.”
John grinned for the first time since he’d been shot, keeping up with Mike’s leisurely strides easily. “Then this will either be very good or colossally bad, depending on his memory.”
“Mary said that you devoured a man’s blood. Drank it. You’re… pale. Icy. Eat very little. You’re very strong and even quicker. I’ve never seen you sleep, and… well, you’re beautiful. Gorgeous. Incredibly, impossibly perfect. I’m not waxing poetic, or anything of the like. It’s just a sort of beauty that doesn’t exist. Can’t happen, not naturally.
hungry, as all of his neglected human tendencies were rushing back with a force that was difficult to ignore. He didn’t deign John with a reply.
In London, for every two weeks of overcast, there was one sunny day. That, in itself, resulted in a lot of rain. Devon county was no exception. There was no warmth to the sunlight, only a dim glow that the clouds diffused. John didn’t hear any thunder, but his shoulder was slightly throbbing from the energy of the air.
Sherlock quirked his lips, though otherwise waved him away. “I ate yesterday. Regarding sleep, however...  I believe I caught a few hours the morning before you arrived.”
the shopkeeper shuffles forward. “Never fails to impress the birds,” he chuckles, and then pauses to study the taller man from the corner of his eye. ‘Or the blokes’ is unspoken, but implied.
Sherlock’s lips are tight, brows furrowed in frustration, but he relaxes just the barest amount. He blinks once, twice. “Okay,” he says simply.
Sherlock couldn’t escape John’s gaze if he wanted to, surprise already morphing into fire. “We’re fine,” Sherlock said simply, knocking back his mug to finish off the rest of his beer. It was disgusting, as usual, but it gave him a rushing buzz that sang behind his eyes. “Are you quite ready to leave yet, John?”
Said daughter is watching them with wide, unbothered eyes, as if they were both on a television screen. John ignores the insult and licks his lips, attempting to make his case.
John’s tongue peaked out between his lips as he jotted the quote down on his notebook page. Next, he searched ‘cold’.
The legend was believable because it was filled with truths that John already knew. Truths that Mary wasn’t even aware of. Which brought him towards his second thought:
Sherlock swallows. “John,” he murmurs, his baritone caressing the name like silk. John can feel that voice, too-deep and rich, in his bones through the flesh and muscles that they’re connected by. His breath brushes his cheek. “Are you ready to tell me? That… something?”
“We found a body off the southern bank of the Brent Reservoir, been here awhile and not in the most recognizable of shapes. We can’t make heads or tails with it. How fast can you get here?”
John froze. Completely and thoroughly froze. Thomas, the shy scientist he was assisting for the evening, was nervously staring at his paper rather than writing on it. This could not be happening. It was a well-known fact that Thomas was gay, though John didn’t like to listen to the gossip of what the young man got up to outside of the workplace. They both were just acquaintances, after all, and it wasn’t John’s place to judge. He thought that the two were simply professional with the other.
“I can’t have a skeleton running after me while we’re chasing criminals, you see. People might talk.”
“17 Quincy Street,” Mycroft said quietly into the receiver. That… that was John’s address, he realized with an internal groan. He spared a glance, but Mycroft had his back to the room, facing the window that overlooked the fields of the complex, hand to his ear. Anthea never looked up from her own device. John limped just a bit faster.
It’s been nearly a month since their last (worthwhile) case. The feeling in the flat is… tense. But familiar.
“Hm.” He collects together all of the gifts, and then reaches beneath the table to heft up his own half-filled cloth bag to gather them into. Oh, John thinks with vague surprise; he hadn’t even noticed Sherlock had bought a few things himself. John’s nothing if not unobservant, as per usual.
A damp curl drapes over Sherlock’s forehead, like he’s bloody Clark Kent, or Superman, one of them, and it shines the purples and blues and pinks that flash around them. Before John can think twice about it, he reaches up and pushes it back into place, with the others, and runs his hands through his hair and down his nape and further, further, past collarbones until his fingers are pressed into the left side of his rib cage.
what was the bloody point to all of this if it didn’t keep John safe? Sherlock’s death, his return, the wedding, Mary’s bullet in his chest, Magnussen. Was there ever even a reason?
“Play us a song,” Greg says, before Sally can flounder for a reply to the ever-rare Holmesian compliment.
Sherlock was pounded with delicious pleasure mixed with diminishing pain, his groans and sighs reverberating into the wood of the desk beneath him. He was thankful of his shirt, protecting John’s eyes from seeing the absolute disgusting array of scars and burns dancing around on the skin of his back. John would just forget himself and show a doctorly concern, a pity that Sherlock had no use of.
Sherlock’s hands run up John’s arms until he cups his face, palms cool and dry like a stone. His eyes are glassy and his breaths are shallow, and he shakes his head in short, quick jerks. “No one else,” he manages. “Just for you.”
He was stuttering. Well, his equivalent of it. Intrigued, John stayed on the table and tried to will his pulse to slow. “… Alright.”
all of this?” John finally demands, incredulous. “You don’t have to feel guilty anymore. But you’re giving up cases, you’re babysitting— for God’s sake you’re even
He could feel a delicious huff at the carotid artery. “You’ve figured out the best-kept secret of humanity by your own means, just by observation. Sherlock will be proud.”
Sherlock tried to keep anything resembling horror from crossing his features before nodding. Another night of ‘will-he-won’t-he’, hyperaware of every move, and touch, and look. Wondering if that lean will turn into a kiss, or if that hand will reach over to knead his thigh. “Excellent idea,” Sherlock said with an easy smile. “I’ll plan it for next Thursday evening, he has Friday off that week if memory serves.” It did, of course. “I’ll make sure he gets home before midnight.”
When he came in Friday morning, half asleep and one sock slipped halfway down his foot, it was to a smile.
Had he actually dreamed? About intimacy with Sherlock, no less? A better question: had John lost his bloody mind?
John winced at the volume, rolling his shoulder with careful movements. Sherlock unwrapped his arm from John, once certain that he could stand without assistance, but kept himself close against John’s side. He cleared his throat.
He had been traded in for a rule-defying Dr. Watson, it seemed. John didn’t know precisely how he felt about the shift. But before he could determine his feelings, he heard the vague sound of a working machine. He turned to see Sherlock watching him. He held his gaze, knowing that his face was betraying his worry, but Sherlock’s was only thoughtful and utterly unafraid. But before John knew it, the lights jumped off of Sherlock’s face, and they were bathed in darkness as they entered the outside.
“Gamma radiation would do nothing more than weaken a human,” Sherlock pointed out. After a beat, his tone was hesitant. “So, you’re classifying me with the ‘good guys’?”
Blue roses and murderous brothers were temporarily pushed aside, and 221B returned to normal, if not aggressively platonic and free of the cobwebs that Stansex had cast upon it.
John took the object carefully, minding its thorns. It was a deep blue rose, same as the one they had found at the cemetery in Devon, almost painfully vivid against the gold-toned backdrop of 221B’s interior. He felt his brows pull together. “Sherlock!”
Why had Sherlock stopped, exactly? Oh, right; they were at a dead end. There was a ladder leading up to the roof, but it was severely rusted; he doubted Hawthorne had climbed it. There was a dumpster beside them, and Sherlock was positive he was in there. Recently rained, the rooftop above was tilted down so the run-off water ran into the alleyway; there should be water on the dumpster’s slightly-concave lid, but it was merely damp. Someone had recently opened it.
just before Moriarty succeeded in killing Sherlock. Fourth, the time that John most regretted, the day Sherlock returned.
“John,” Sherlock gasped, eyes bright from being out in the cold. The tip of his nose was flushed. “That was… very good. Thank you. I could have just walked around to the front, though.”
Was John not as interesting as Sherlock had thought? It was such a destructive thought, that John’s life wasn’t worth the effort due to his ordinariness. It was even worse to find himself upset at the idea. But Sherlock was part of his life now in whatever capacity, and the sudden cold shoulder thrown his way still stung. Days became weeks, and when it hit three full months of living at 221B, John was holed up in his room and utterly miserable.
Sherlock’s bad humor melted away from his face, brows twitching in confusion, and then he almost looked
Sherlock barks out a laugh. “Let off,” he jokes, still playing. “The phase was during the summer of ‘95, and MTV was very impressionable.” He tries to pull off something with a finger-strung melody, and winces when he’s unsuccessful.
fine; he could go without having sex with John Watson. He had gone 34 years without it before and he was perfectly neutral about the matter of it happening again.
John’s eyebrows flew up to his hairline, and suddenly the fact that he was speaking to a machine was the farthest thing from his mind. The DSE Intrepid? The object of everyone’s collective taxes, the ship that was going to fly off into space and find a new Earth to colonize? And the First Officer wanted to meet with
He cleaned at the skin above the next person’s vein, keeping his eyes trained downward. “Not exactly.”
John blinked. “Mine?” He ran his brain for anything useful, but nothing was forthcoming. “It’s a common name.”
John shot over a curious look, but this just seemed to be the beginning of one of those frequent conversations where all Sherlock did was ask questions. “He died when I was in uni. I was doing my basics before I went to Bart’s for training. It has to have been, what, fourteen years? Yeah, fourteen. I had just turned twenty.”
Beneath them, the Intrepid shuddered. In that brief, subtle moment, Sherlock’s eyes rolled back into his head and he collapsed to the floor.
ME: I have to go. I have babysitting duty today, and I’ve planned an exciting outing to the Hunterian Museum in Holborn. Apparently there’s a fascinating exhibit on pathological specimens that I’m sure a thirteen-month-old would benefit greatly from.
Sherlock swallowed another gulp of beer. Heart in his throat, he placed his own hand on John’s thigh.
The first night back at the flat after the accident was the first night John dreamed of Sherlock Holmes.
“It’s awful, yes, to answer your unspoken question.” Sherlock then pushed off the ropes towards the center. “Are you ready to begin?”
With a silent exhale, Sherlock flipped open the lid with a great swing and jumped back, the sound of it hitting the wall harsh and sudden against his ears. When nothing immediate happened, John leaned forward to peek into the bin. He sighed and dropped his gun. “There’s nobody in there, Sherlock. Just… garbage.”
The brute’s face was almost hilariously offended. John’s arms were snapped backwards even further, and the fury in the air was harsh, tangible, so much so that when a knife was pulled from a pocket, John wasn’t even surprised. It flicked open, and with gleaming teeth the man grabbed a fistful of John’s hair and jabbed the blade towards his lower abdomen.
And he tried to ignore the way Sherlock’s neck had felt under his fingers, as hard and as cold as ice.
Wilde says. That quote had always poured warmth into his stomach, for reasons he never quite knew until he understood exactly what Gwendolyn meant by saying it. If he could, he’d tattoo the quote onto his soul for the world to see - for one person to see, in particular.
“Of course.” He lifts his head enough for John to see his grin, painfully boyish. “Turns out, I’ve been grossly underestimating how good of a kisser you are.”
was even more flawless, pores virtually invisible and skin milky white, unscarred. Those dark eyes rolled at the whispered words, and he tore off his mask as if to speak. His lips were rosy and plush, John couldn’t help but notice, and cheekbones sharp enough to cut.
but the car stayed perfectly in its lane. He opened his eyes with a sharp exhale through his nose. “Nope, didn’t help. Something else.”
“My findings,” John said slowly. Sherlock scowled, but didn’t say anything more as John mulled it over.
He’s handling the greatest mind in London, in the world, pressing his fingertips to his skull. He wonders what it’s like. How it feels to live as a man who thinks and feels with potency, with considerable weight behind it. It feels wrong, knowing there are things within his mind that John will never know, memories and fears and desires with an occupancy of one. He can pretend it’s scientific curiosity. Pretend it’s anything other than what it really is.
John was already outside, thank you very much. He wasn’t quite comfortable with this AI, not yet, but he knew how to play nice. Especially in the face of his own curiosity. “Who’s driving it? Where am I going, exactly?”
Oh, fuck it all. “In that I’m in love with him, you mean,” he said bitterly, averting his eyes from his brother to stare at the wall.
The extra men finally arrived, and despite their gasping breaths they didn’t waste any time. One grabbed John’s forearms and pulled them back before he could react, yanking them behind his body so tightly that his chest strained outwards, twisting his bad shoulder and bringing him to the brink between ‘painful’ and ‘agonous’. He kept his jaw locked. The man at the gate took another step forward, silent, until he was close enough for John to see the evil glint in his eye.
Of course, John immediately looked down. Jesus, they were above the immediate chasm. There was only a thin metal rail extending beneath them, acting as the magnetic track, though beyond that was a thick and cloying darkness that almost hurt John’s eyes to look at. The moon and stars above were bright enough to reflect off the train’s exterior and barely illuminate Sherlock’s pale skin, but the void utterly absorbed any light it could manage. It was like they were on a transit through space, holding on to the only thing that was grounding. If they let go, John almost felt as if they could float away in any direction.
Although, her terrified reaction upon meeting Sherlock and Sherlock’s late-night admittance were completely separate points. Those were the points that gave the theory merit. That somehow, Sherlock was a creature of myth whose eyes turned colors and who was strong enough to tear a man in half. Those were true points, concerning Sherlock; John thought of his monthly visits to France (if that’s what they even were), and his eyes whenever he returns. He thought of the car accident, where Sherlock stopped the vehicle with just a hand.
Despite himself, John let his forehead drop down, not quite touching Sherlock’s save for an inch. “I want to go back home.”
A knock downstairs, tentative and only barely audible above the rush of the rain. Sherlock closed his eyes with a quiet sigh. He was frightened to see what stood beyond the door, though at the same time he couldn’t stop the yearning, the call of his body to race down the stairs and wrap the man on the doorstep into his body. He craved to comfort, an awful, needy thing to want.
He crowds John against the table. John feels his heart pulsing on the side of his neck, sees the mirror of it in Sherlock’s carotid, this close. Sherlock swallows.
Sherlock’s smile widens, and he lifts his hand to the bridge of his own nose, palm flat and parallel to the floor. He moves it straight across so it brushes the crown of John’s head. Playfully, he musses his fingers at the hair there, flopping it over his forehead like bangs, holding in his laughter with nasal, childlike snorts.
“Ah,” John sighed, knotting his hands into his hair and arching against him. “You haven’t let me know yet.”
John flapped his hand, ripping off the receipt with the call number that was printed. “The representative from Sector 11, the girl who has a crush on you. The one helping you with data or whatever.” John snapped his fingers in realization, and then immediately regretted the sharp movement. “Molly! Molly’s her name, sorry.”
It was just sex, the messy, horrid thing that made Sherlock’s palms sweaty and mouth dry when he thought about it. The messy, horrid thing that meant nothing to John. The thought of Sherlock’s one-sided
Sherlock yelled, breaking free and letting John go altogether, eyes wide and chest heaving with his breaths. “No! I can’t… don’t you see, John?”
When he processed the words John huffed out an uneasy laugh, rubbing at the back of his neck. “I don’t… well. I mean, that could get me in a bit of trouble, couldn’t it?”
was helpful advice. Not for the first time in these past few months, John wondered why the hell he was in this situation. It was almost comedic, a dead body upstairs with a detective inspector making sure he had good intentions with his mythical creature of a roommate. John flicked his eyes to the side, but Sherlock had already disappeared from view. “Okay,” he said, awkwardly pocketing the DI’s card. He licked his lips. “Let me get something straight. Whatever it is that, erm, him and I have, I can… assure you that it’s more one-sided than you’d think.” He kept a frown from tugging his lips. “If anyone has the capacity to break any hearts, it’s him.”
Mycroft wrinkles his nose as if smelling something bad and flaps his hand, shooing the words away. “Please don’t start waxing poetic about my brother to me. I came out here for a smoke break, and nothing more.”
“Not quite,” Sherlock echoed, slumping back into his chair. A couple days ago, he was full of grace and that odd sort of charisma John couldn’t place, a whirlwind of a man with long limbs and bright eyes. Today, though, everything was lackluster. His hair was limp at his scalp, there was the barest bit of stubble shadowing his jaw, and the skin below his brow was incredibly dark, like he’d taken soot on his thumbs and pressed them to the hollow of his eyes. He looked, for lack of a stronger word, absolutely exhausted. “Close, I concede.”
Outside the dome, John had heard, is the closest to silent nature can get. No wind left to give, and insects were some of the more recent organisms outside of mammals to fall victim to the virus. The waves of the ocean were far enough away to stay unheard.
Sherlock twisted his mouth, but stayed paces away regardless. He was studying John, as he oft did, though somewhere between his usual scrutiny and an emotion akin to puzzlement, like he could solve John if he just stared at him enough. Finally, his face cleared like fog from the streets, and he gave a small smile, moreso in his eyes than his lips.
He only narrowed his dark eyes in response, shuffling in a new slide without glancing back down. “Fine. While not supernaturally-charged, smelling the garlic you ate two days ago
“I lied to get out of going to the banquet.” John grimaced. “I don’t like crowds of people very much, nor loud music. Not really my ‘scene’.”
John shifted further up his bed into a half-slouch, head filled with cotton and pain. His words came out in a quiet groan amidst the beeping machines. “So something
John was surprised that Sherlock could hear him from such a distance, but that was precisely what John realized he was unnerved by; the definitive silence in the atmosphere. There was simply no sound, no wind nor any ambient noise from the dome, and it caused a deafening ringing inside of John’s ears. But the quicker John and Sherlock finished their samples, the quicker they could sneak back inside. John kicked at the ground faster.
“Rich. Money coming out the ears. Financially, he’s in no need of a flatmate.” At John’s befuddled look, he admitted, “I know his brother.”
Faces alight in recognition, a few laughs and several groans smattered into the mix, but a good chunk of people join in on the following verse. Molly seems pleased with herself, even if she’s not singing along, and when she meets John’s eyes he gives her a slight nod of approval. She blushes, but not before smiling even wider.
“John!” Sherlock greeted abruptly, voice muffled through his mask, a tad unsure. Apparently he had caught onto John’s sudden change in attitude, and John found himself immediately feeling bad about it. Sherlock hadn’t done anything wrong, after all.
She laughed, maneuvering off her protective eyeware around her ponytail. “Do I? I worked with him a bit, back in my freshman days. He was an excellent teacher, showed me what an eyeball did when you push it through a grater.”
John hesitated with his vest, and his flaming eyes dimmed. “Tell me to leave,” he commanded with quiet fervor. “Tell me to put my clothes on and to go home, and I swear I will never expect this from you ever again.”
“Believe me, if there was a way out of this that didn’t end in even more punishment, I’d have found it,” he drawled, knuckles brushing John’s neck as he worked. John lifted his chin up and out of the way automatically.
With John, though, Sherlock had little tact, so it didn’t take long for the issue to bubble to the surface.
Lestrade appraised him evenly, for just a moment, and then he nodded, satisfied. “Good to know. The room’s just this way, up we go.”
It took little thought for John to run his hands up the other man’s waist, to where his shoulder blades jutted through his shirt like wings. He tightened his arms to no give. “Hey, hey,” he said softly, “It’s alright." Human? He was sure that what he said was terribly rude and... species-ist (?), so he hurriedly tried to backtrack on his statement, however truthful it was. "You're... perfect the way you are."
John nodded, hesitantly, then turned to rush down the stairs. Out in the street he had to jog to catch up, to where Sherlock was walking along the sidewalk the opposite way they had arrived. If John wasn’t there, he’s sure the man would’ve already disappeared with the superhuman speed he’s only seen on occasion; he was lucky enough Sherlock’s strides weren’t too big to match, as is.
Sherlock looked at him sharply. “First and foremost, we’ll need to have a sit-down soon so I can explain to you
The door opens and closes, and the front door downstairs soon follows. The silence is deafening, so John pulls the Union Jack pillow from behind him and promptly screams into the fabric. Rosie giggles in delight.
that’s the case. So, John would have to appeal to the more traditional side, to the biology behind it all and how it could
But, quick as a blink, as soon as his mouth opened all good humor vanished from his expression. It was as if he had inhaled a toxin, breath halted in his throat and eyes wide. John, doctor before anything else, took an alarmed step forward. It was as if the man was frozen, eyes locked onto nothing in particular near John’s face.
Obviously ogling his flatmate while getting examined for internal bleeding, nice. “I guess I’ll, er, turn in for the night, then.”
Sherlock’s hands dropped to John’s hips, gripping near-painfully into the muscles there. The earlier contempt to him was gone, replaced with softness and fragility, with no small amount of fear. “John,” he started, sounding subdued and much more sober than his trembling betrayed, “There’s something I… need to say.”
and...? John had made it perfectly clear that it didn’t mean anything, same with all of the times before. Even at his stag night when both men were similarly inebriated and the possibility was there, John was almost aggressively ‘not interested’. It was not a possibility anymore, if him being drunk was ever classified as ‘interested’ in the first place.
ME: No matter, I have a meeting with my brother and the Baskerville administration to express my findings. Mycroft doesn’t know whether to be proud I’m putting my brain to work on something “useful”, in his words, or wary that I’m more involved in his projects than before. Nevertheless, this will give them something to think about.
He shook his head. “I may walk amongst the angels, John, but don’t think for one second that I’m one of them.” He was pressing his lips together, his brows furrowed in an almost confusion. “I’m… I’m not a good person.”
As predicted, Sherlock returned the next day near lunchtime. His steps were quiet and stiff on the stairs, as he had most likely spent the night in less-than-ideal conditions. When he inched the door to the flat open, his clothes were rumpled and hair messier than usual. His face was calm, though he studied the flat with a cautious frenzy, meaning that he was making sure that he was alone. Which he decidedly
“The crime scene,” Sherlock said. Before John could reply, he continued to Sarah, “Did Lestrade give any details?”
It seemed as though Sherlock’s secrets went far beyond London, possibly even into the villages west of Dartmoor. The signs seemed to point, oddly enough, to John’s small town of Stansex. But that was impossible, it had to be. England was far too big, and Stansex was far too specific. Something didn’t add up, and it ate at John’s spine terribly.
“Hold on, hold on,” Lestrade interrupted, voice oddly lilted and eyes alight with something worryingly delighted. “It’s been a successful week, and it’s our first free night in a while. Let’s say we go for a drink.”
He fisted his hands against the ground, and his left hand skipped the hardened ground and reached into nothing. Oh, god, they were terrifyingly close to the cliff of the canyon.
“And?” His eyes trained ahead, shoulders relaxed. If John didn’t know any better, he’d have thought that Sherlock was bored of the conversation.
Rosie’s sitting on the floor in front of Sherlock’s armchair, head tilted back and owlish eyes wide. The taller man is occupying said chair, guitar perched in his lap at he quietly plays, chords spattered with single finger plucks. He’s hunched over, not quite to her level but enough to meet her eyes.
“Wait, wait,” John interrupted, an understanding dawning in the back of his mind, one that he wasn’t quite fond of. “I was under the impression we were simply leaving through the same exit the rail took. You’re not suggesting that we jump on the outside of the train and hitch a ride to the outside, surely?”
“Molly,” Sherlock said as a greeting, pushing through the door into the laboratory. John kept himself from studying the man too hard, as he was afraid of Sherlock discovering exactly what was spelled out across his face. Luckily, as it’s been for the past few weeks, Sherlock paid him little mind. “How’s the samples? Did he kill his brother-in-law, or did I dig through an innocent woman’s garden for nothing?”
Sherlock was very, very obvious at the moment, just sneaking towards the center doors. Someone began to turn, so John blurted out: “Severed finger!”
John swallowed down the fear before it could bubble up, along with the disbelief. It was disorientating, having all five of his senses bombarded like this. "I wish you were human," he said. "It would make things much simpler, wouldn't it?"
He huffed out a broken exhale. And then, his large hand completely enveloping John’s, his mouth suddenly split into a blinding and achingly boyish grin, face painted in adoration. His eyes were swimming. It took John’s breath away.
When they arrive to 221B, Rosie is just rousing from her nap, so John changes her nappy and sets her into her favorite toy, a seat surrounded by a variety of knick-knacks where she can jump and spin around to entertain herself. It’s taken up a permanent, colorful residence in the sitting room. Sherlock is wearing a hole into the rug as he paces, face unreadable, and John just sits in his chair and waits.
Lestrade’s eyes flicked to John, and then back to him, and he sighed. “She’s not going anywhere,” he muttered, but otherwise nodded them towards the taped-off building. “Besides, while you consult, I’m sure that me and - John, was it? - can have a bit of a chat.”
His body was tensed, like a spring ready to release. John eyed him, and then the rail warily. "So we're jumping on that train, right?"
For a long moment, Sherlock just stares at the pipe in his hands, blinking furiously as if he’s battling something in that great mind of his. And then a piece in his expression breaks, and he sets the box down to scrub his hands over his face, propped up on the table. John watches, alarmed, as he takes in a slow, shaky gulp of air. And then: “You should warn me,” he says in a gruff voice, muffled by his palms. “When you. Do that. When you say those things.”
Starting at the sound, Sherlock rolled off to finish stripping himself, kicking off his trousers and pants along with his socks. John had barely managed his own shirt in the meantime, and his vest was slightly plastered to his skin. His hands were pushing at his jeans and pants, trying to free his cock to no avail.
“John…” Sherlock began uncertainly, hands tightening slightly on the folded clothes in his hands. Without looking up John uncorked it and took a deep swig, once, before setting it on the counter.
Sherlock glanced up at that to narrow his eyes, thoughtful. “You’ve always been a doctor deemed much more than decent, John. You’re the only one who doesn’t see it.”
the captain was trying his damnedest not to come over and throttle the man. “None of that shit, Sherlock. Mycroft was the one that called
The human body. There was an insane thought, the one that John found himself frequently entertaining. The idea that Sherlock wasn’t human, that everything he did was excused for the otherworldly material he was made of. That was obviously something John had to kick himself of; Sherlock had to be human, as there was nothing else he
Sherlock quirks his mouth, giving the pipe a lasting look before setting it back on the table. He rearranges Rosie into a more secure position with a jiggle, and spots a table plushed and padded with dozens of toy animals. “Oh, Watson, how would you like to perform an autopsy on a stuffed elephant? Hm?” They bound away.
Sector A wasn’t malicious. This wasn’t a dystopian film, where the government was watching every move and making sure every person was carbon-copies of the next (well, aside from the cloning, but that was purely situational). There was still crime, still the occasional war, and the people still paid their taxes. The democracy was heavily watered-down from its golden age, but the leaders were fair. Despite this, though, one
notice that Sherlock’s eyes seemed even more silver, and the slight fatigue he’d been showing lately was suddenly swept away. It was too early for his monthly France trip, but the man was newly refreshed nonetheless. Sherlock was nearly whispering. “Were you kept waiting for long?”
“No sir,” John corrected. “So, please, instead of questioning my methods, how about you work with me on finding the person currently minus one finger.”
“Ah, ah,” John groaned testily, his shoulder jostling. At that Sherlock immediately pulled back, eyes blurry but face otherwise set. He almost looked… determined? Before John could guide him through it, Sherlock had his hands braced and John’s shoulder was being painfully lurched back into its socket. When the sharpness dulled into an ache, though, John blinked up at the man. “Are you alright?”
“John,” he says, evidently his favorite word at the Moment (well, most moments). His eyes dart from his shoes to the window to quite literally anywhere else, but when he finally settles on John’s face, his stare is purposeful. “I… that is, thank you. Very much.”
John’s skin was still cold when he arrived back to the hotel. The legend itself was lounging on one of the beds, flickering through channels on the telly.
“I’m on a third method, one that I’ve developed alongside a specialized group dedicated to eradicating the drinking of blood altogether. You may call this group the British government. Well, some of it. Mostly related to my brother.”
Sherlock ran his fingers along the laughter lines of John’s face, more pronounced in his delighted grin. “You have wrinkles,” he commented with a playful twist of his nose.
AIs didn’t hold their knowledge in their brains, as in their head was where all the wires and equipment and such were stored to actually function the body. Memories and thoughts were housed in a massive system referred to as the ‘Reef’, a database connected to each and every AI so that their thoughts didn’t have to clog up their own system, but all be held somewhere else and immediately accessible. John had never thought about how it was powered, but he assumed such a feat to some-eighty million people was no small task.
Sherlock nods approvingly, already readying the guitar on his lap. “It was meant as one.” He goes on to announce, louder, “I’m not singing!”
ed, sliding on his suit jacket. Anything heavier was unneeded in the warming weather. “You’re relatively young, and in good health. Well, physically.” He eyed the cane purposefully, but said nothing more in its direction. “For example, how old do you think I am?”
“You should give him a call,” John says finally. “Just… let him know you’re okay, at least. He cares about you.”
“No matter, the smell’s strong enough.” Sherlock clapped his hands together once, rubbing them together in excitement. “How long are you giving us?”
It looked exactly the same as it did five years ago when he was in training. A bit deflated-looking amongst its more modern neighbors, it still stood tall with history and imperial brickwork. Grabbing a coffee from his usual stop, John took a much-needed rest on one of the vacant benches in the nearby park. With a sip, he tried to think about nothing and found himself utterly shit at it.
Though the most marveling sight of the ICAM, John supposed, was its centermost structure: the DSE Intrepid.
ME: The study alerting the issue was published merely two days ago, and yet it’s dominating the public's attention. I suspect it’s some sort of temporary virus, or perhaps an exciting poisoning the various governments are executing, though I doubt they'd be able to succeed in infertilizing over seven billion people with utmost secrecy. The readings for ineffective fertilization go as far back as early March.
Here were the facts: as was the way of life, there was important information Sherlock was keeping to himself.
“Don’t listen to him,” Sherlock says. “He just hasn’t had his sugar allowance for the day. He gets cranky.”
John spat. “I’ve seen you glaring at me, and reserving labs without telling Sarah to list me as your assistant. You were thinking? Thinking about
“No, god no. I have a few tricks up my sleeve.” He ran his hands down his jean-clad thighs, wiping off the sweat. “I admit, the knife wasn’t expected, but no, I wasn’t prepared to die. I was prepared to
“Accepted,” John said immediately. He’d never hurt Sherlock before, not like this, and it left a bitter taste in his mouth. “I’m sorry, too. You’re... not a poncy git.”
Well. There it is. A strange sort of thrill ran up John’s spine, the words finally spoken having a bigger impact on him than he’d have thought. A shiver racked him.
“No,” John immediately replied, lips quirking and eyes unwavering. Along with intoxicated, it seemed as though he was also feeling a bit
Sherlock’s fingers steepled together just beneath his nose. He narrowed his eyes. “Let’s take this to the hypotheticals, shall we?”
He realizes he’s not alone. An exhale sounds from the living room, the kind that your body releases without your permission, like a balloon rushing out of air, and the familiarity of it curls against John’s throat.
“First one boy, newest one a surprise. I’m hoping for a girl, but Candy swears up and down it’s going to be a boy.”
“Hmm? Oh, that.” He flapped his hand, waving the question away. “Just passing the time. Never know when a body with no arms or legs will pop up at a crime scene, and I’ll have to identify the weapon.”
John felt his breath catch in his chest, ice-cold vines spreading across his ribcage at the sight of the formal heading. “Oh,” he mumbled weakly.
The ‘dismissed’ was implied. Somehow, Lestrade’s captaining mode wasn’t harsh in the slightest. John fell into the order in almost a sense of familiarity, turning on his heel towards a platform near the back of the great room. He had almost saluted, an outdated gesture which would’ve been an odd thing to perform. He couldn’t help but feel a bit of curiosity at the captain’s sudden shift in mood, and the reason towards that change: John’s sparring partner.
“I liked it,” he muttered, crowding John against the mantle above the fireplace, “I liked it whenever you got drunk. Don’t get me wrong, you completely ruined me body and soul each and every time, but I
“Oddly enough, I don’t believe you.” Sherlock turned his head slightly, studying him and then tightening his lips. Trying to get a read, and ultimately learning nothing new. “You did almost… die.”
The facts. Yes, that’s where John needed to start. The bare basics, the things he knew before he even
Sherlock emerged with a couple room keys, somehow making his hop back into the driver’s seat full of grace. He handed one over to John. “One room, two doubles, fifth floor. There were hardly any rooms left, what with it being summertime and Plymouth being beachside, so it’s reserved until Monday morning.” He huffed out a sigh at John’s expression. “I’m not saying we’ll still be here, it’s merely a precaution.”
Sherlock took a step out of the bathroom, questioning, but John waved him away. “How did the news travel all the way out there?”
between the various hormones that the brain emits at any given time, in any given person, with his own brain observant enough to deduce the results-”
As if from a movie, John was waiting expectantly for him at the table, chair pulled away so he was unambiguously facing the door. His legs were crossed, and he was holding a lukewarm cup of tea expectantly atop his knee. It was a touch dramatic, but that’s what he had to resort to now, wasn’t it? “Oh, Sherlock. Hello.”
“I need you down here,” John interrupts, pulling away. “Playing your guitar. The same thing as earlier, it’ll calm her down. And then, afterwards, later tonight when she goes to bed and it’s midnight in Argentina, I’ll kiss you again, even if January 2nd is nothing to celebrate. And I’ll keep kissing you until it’s midnight across the United States. I’ll kiss you on all the midnights. Would that be alright?”
They crash together. Despite his skin, Sherlock’s lips are warm, and he presses John’s face to his like they’re going to merge into one, and John wouldn’t be satisfied with anything less. Sherlock kicks the chair between them over to where it topples into the living room and clambers off the desk to press John into the window, hands still locked around his face. The cold at his back and the warmth at his front are in stark contrast with each other, and when John’s fingers go beneath Sherlock’s ratty tee to knead into the muscles of his back, a low groan escapes from Sherlock’s throat. John swallows it down like he’s suffocating and it’s a gallon of oxygen.
