"Thank you," he mumbles into Dean's shoulder, voice watery, and Castiel can see the moment Dean allows himself to soften, to hug back.
It's not like Dean is asking Cas to—like, morning breath and all, and maybe it's important what he's doing on his phone, or maybe he just ain't in the mood.
When they're done, Dean does the cleanup while the kid finishes his math assignment. By the time Dean's drying his hands on a dish towel, all the problems are solved and Dean gives them a quick once-over.
"Dean, put your items down," he repeats impatiently.
Finally, a little after breakfast the next morning, Sam sticks his head in. "He's awake. Wanna go see him?"
Dean sighs and rubs at his temples. “Not g-g-great, b-b-but I'll man-n-nage. You?”
Dean shuts off the TV that Castiel hadn’t even realized was still on. Then the mattress dips again as Dean lies down, apparently intending to take a nap himself. Castiel means to turn around and thank him for his help, but he has barely formed the thought before he drifts off.
“What was that all about, Aqua Man?”
There’s a small store that sells cooled, freshly pressed juice, and Jack looks like he could use a pick-me-up. Besides, hydration is important, right? He gets two, and also a navy blue ballcap with some kind of writing in white at the front that Dean assumes reads Ocean Beach, since that’s where they are. Jack doesn’t seem to care for sunglasses much and if Dean has to keep watching him squint against the light he’s going to get a headache.
All the discomfort and stiffness from earlier is gone. It does sound appealing to just keep lying like this and enjoy the feeling of weightlessness.
Dean glares but then there’s a spoonful of food in front of him and he decides eating is more important than complaining about being baby-talked.
The next time Dean wakes is when the mattress dips beside him and there’s the sound of someone taking off a coat and shoes. It’s still dark in the room, and Dean is momentarily confused by that but all that really registers is that Cas is back. Dean immediately abandons his pillow nest in favor of curling himself around Cas where he sits, an arm around Cas's waist so that Cas knows not to even think about leaving the bed again.
Suddenly, Cas's hand is covering Dean’s where he’d been absently plucking at the comforter. Cas squeezes Dean’s hand, and his voice has adopted that soft, hushed tone he uses when he wants to soothe Dean.
Judging from the way Dean glares down at him, eyes hard and jaw set, it is not fine. Without another word, he turns and throws the Impala’s keys at Sam, who barely catches them. Then he stalks over to Castiel’s truck, gets in, and drives off.
“Thought y-you c-c-couldn’t t-t-taste anyth-th-thing b-but molec-c-cules.”
Unable to stand it, Dean’s fingers will curl into the sheets and his heart will race and his throat will feel like there’s a scream lodged in it. Not even his old trick with the hot water bottle can lull his body into believing it's not alone. It’s not working anymore, not since his body got a taste of the real deal. Not since he’s been hugged and kissed and his hand has been held.
Irritated with himself for letting his thoughts wander in that direction again, Castiel reaches over and grabs his phone. He knows he should talk about this with Dean, but—not yet. They’ve just had a very eventful couple of days, and he wasn't lying about being grateful for and happy with the life he's living right now.
Just like earlier, Dean seems to magically appear just as Castiel is fighting his way upright and out of bed. What follows is Castiel grumpily letting Dean help him to the sink so Dean can run a soapy washcloth over his back, and then grumpily letting him help with getting dressed again.
They should’ve just booted Michael—Dean—
“Dean, are you alright?” Cas looks concerned and sad. Dean wants to offer him a reassuring smile, but it slips off his face before it’s even fully formed.
“No, ign-n-nore me, th-this is ab-b-bout
Dean settles himself in, arms around Cas's thick waist and cheek mashed against his shirt. Still grumbling under his breath, he tries to will himself to pass out to escape the pounding in his head.
Dean’s face doesn’t have any business growing that hot in reaction, so he hides it against Cas's stomach.
“C’mon. Drink up while it’s still c-c-cool.”
Telling himself that he's being brave instead of needy, Dean decides to go for it and draws Cas into his arms. His heart is beating fast enough with nerves that Cas must notice, but he doesn't say anything. He only puts his arms around Dean in return and breathes out what might or might not be a sigh against Dean's shoulder.
Rolling so he can hide his face against Cas's stomach, Dean loops both arms around his waist and holds on tight.
Dean's already poured it into the mug and is looking for the mini marshmallows when he feels it coming.
Not that it mattered—Dean wasn’t actually asleep anymore. He was going to “wake up” in a moment and then he’d watch another movie with Cas. Or teach him how to play foosball. Anything to keep him here.
Jack wipes at his face with them. Picking up his abandoned juice, Dean nudges his shoulder with it.
Cas nods. “I didn’t either. Though I have to admit that when I told him about what we are to each other, I didn’t think about it in terms of labels, so it’s understandable he didn’t quite know what to say.”
tomorrow night? I know we’ve watched it before, but not everyone together. And I think I’d like to watch it again.”
Dean leans in for a second one, but Cas stops him with a hand to Dean's chest.
Dean sits on the bed for a moment longer, brain struggling to reboot after that unexpected kiss. When it finally does, he can feel heat rush to his face. Grumbling, he scoots off the bed and gets his stuff together for a quick shower before bed. The water pressure turns out to be quite nice, but difficult to focus on, what with the fuzzy feeling in his chest and the skin on his forehead still tingling.
“You find my legs… sexy.”
Dean shakes his head.
God fucking dammit.
Briefly closing his eyes, Dean takes in a deep breath and lets it out slowly. Then he nods and carefully takes the next step, leaning some more of his weight on Castiel.
, and no hope of ever seeing you again—”
“C-c-comin'.”
Dean groans.
Huffing out a breath of laughter, Castiel shakes his head.
“I didn’t want to worry you. I wanted to take care of you, not the other way around.”
“I d-don’t m-m-mean j-just that.” Dean puts his hand over Cas's hand where it’s resting on Dean’s hip, squeezing briefly. “Th-thanks for—y-you know, th-this.”
It was weeks later and with everything that had gone down—their Mom being killed, Jack going darkside, Chuck revealing his true intentions—Dean had managed to put it out of his mind. All that mattered was killing Chuck, or caging him, or whatever it took so they’d finally be free of him.
Dean's hungry, but the pain is also starting to make him nauseous. And grumpy. He hates nothing more than to be kept from eating.
While Castiel couldn’t care less about Christmas, he would have liked to experience the upcoming Winchester version of it. The version where they take care of others first and then get to have some family time—Dean annoying Castiel into trying the food, everyone having some eggnog while arguing over which movies to watch. Jack would get some presents, and Dean would keep on demanding mistletoe kisses from Castiel, even though their “mistletoe” is a green and red checkered kitchen towel that Dean randomly hangs places to “prank” Castiel into kissing him.
They went to bed quite early, so his wish is granted only about half an hour later. He didn’t close the balcony door all the way, and he can hear when Dean enters the bathroom. A few minutes later, Dean appears beside him where he’s lounging in one of the chairs and has his head tipped back towards the sky.
Dean huffed a laugh and rolled his eyes, all the while trying to pretend his skin wasn’t still tingling where Cas had touched him. “Smartass.”
“Yeah, but on Skype. Eileen’s three states away on a hunt.”
Cas was quick to shake his head, holding his hands up to try and placate him. “Dean, no. I checked. If he was still there, I wouldn’t even be able to see inside your head. I swear to you he’s gone.”
“Let yourself rest, Dean. You deserve it.”
There's the sound of skin shifting on fabric as Dean shakes his head.
A painful, electric shiver of panic zips through Dean. He can feel his face heat, and Sam must mistake his shame for embarrassment because he huffs out a breath of laughter.
“Cas… you’ll be there too?” Dean’s so choked up he barely recognizes his own voice, but he doesn’t even care.
Eileen hugs Cas too before she starts to speak and sign. It makes Dean feel bad because everyone is so much better at signing than he is by now, even though Eileen has told him that she would never even think of being mad at him for not having the time or energy to study during his recovery. While she’s exceptionally good at lip-reading, it’s gotten a lot more difficult for her to understand Dean, so he’s mostly been relying on Cas signing what he says to make it easier for her.
When they go down into the breakfast hall a few minutes later, they find Jack and Eileen already seated at a table. Jack is signing something animatedly, and both he and Eileen laugh. It’s a good sight, and Dean is smiling himself when he and Cas sit down opposite the two after Dean got himself some well earned coffee and a plate piled with scrambled eggs and bacon and syrup.
“Okay,” Castiel agrees, floundering. “Then maybe you could just rest.”
He kind of wants to scrap dinner. Jack and Sam are big boys, they know what to do with a frozen pizza.
“Are you getting tired?”
“This is a very pretty Sword,” Michael said with their voice. He ran one of their hands down their chest and watched in the mirror, enjoying the way Dean recoiled and almost sank back into the water. Their hand brushed against their genitals and Dean wanted to throw up but couldn't. With cold detachment, Michael inspected their penis while Dean fought and fought and only managed to inhale water.
“‘S ab-b-bout a-a-as much as I got th-th-the last four days comb-b-bined,” he argues. He still looks like he needs more rest, but he’s smiling and there’s more light behind his eyes.
"D-did you even look f-f-for me?" The corners of Dean’s mouth are turned down and his shoulders are rounded and small. Under other circumstances, this would lead to Castiel softening towards him, giving Dean the reassurance he obviously needs. Right now, all he wants is to get out of the store as fast as possible and the delay is irritating him, chipping away at the last vestiges of his patience.
It comes out watery and strangled, but the shame and anger Dean is directing at himself are loud and clear.
Dean sniffs, unwilling to concede Cas's point but too tired to keep bickering. It’s kind of strange to wear Cas's coat, and also kind of nice. Like getting hugged by him, only not tightly enough.
That finally makes Dean look up.
Dean smiles up at him innocently.
Cas roll his eyes at Dean’s indignation.
Yeah, but Cas should at least get a thank you in return, not grouchiness. Determined to make up for it, Dean presses a kiss to Cas's neck and then draws back from the embrace enough so that Cas can see him.
Cas holds Dean’s hand in both of his, squeezes his fingers. Gives him a happy, watery smile, “Of course, Dean.”
Cas watches Jack play and finally something in his stance relaxes. He smiles.
They get lost in making out for a while, Castiel’s hand petting Dean’s hair while Dean holds onto him with his fingers buried in Castiel’s shirt. Finally, they’re interrupted by Dean’s stomach grumbling. It’s not surprising—by falling asleep earlier, Dean had completely missed lunch.
“Would not,” Dean counters, pouting softly, even though he totally would have.
“Last time, when I sang you to sleep in the Cave, Sam walked in. And he made a really weird face—”
Dean sniffs and huffs. “If he still wants anything to do with me…”
“C-c-can I touch y-you? W-w-wanna,” he presses another kiss against Cas's mouth. “Wanna m-m-make you feel g-g-good.”
The next 48 hours are frantic. After an eight-hour drive, they have to almost immediately jump into action. From then on, it's an exhausting mix of preparing spells, dabbling with theoretical magic, and scrambling to keep civilians out of harm’s way.
Dean’s defensive, pouty tone makes Castiel smile. Dean
The room is dark except for the bedside lamp Sam must have switched on when he woke up to Dean screaming. Well, Dean guesses he screamed, judging from the way his throat feels. Apparently it sounds even more disturbing with how his words shatter under distress now, so Dean is glad he rarely ever remembers that part.
With Dean’s permission, Cas talked with the others, and ever since then, everyone asks for permission before they touch Dean. It took Dean a while not to feel so awkward about it, or guilty whenever he refused. By now though, Dean can’t remember ever having gotten that much physical affection.
Cas’s hands have come to a stop on Dean’s back. Dean tries not to panic.
“Sa-a-am-m-me,” he gets out, shakily, knowing he’d block if he tried to say more. It feels lacking, but Cas doesn’t seem to think so. He squeezes Dean tighter for a moment and then they just hold each other, gently rocking from side to side. The stars are blurring in front of Dean’s eyes so he closes them, lets himself lean on Cas until finally, the others call for them, and they have to break apart and come back to the here and now.
A while ago, Stevie approached Dean and asked for help with her car. It was given to her as a gift from a family for saving their kids from being drowned by a spirit, but she hasn’t had the time for all the necessary upkeep. So now Dean’s got a gorgeous ‘65 Ford Thunderbird to play with.
“F-f-fine,” Dean says, pouting even while he feels all warmed inside from being fussed over. “For the r-r-rec-c-cord, I h-h-hate sleeping al-l-lone.”
Dean shrugs and hides behind his almost empty coffee mug, uncomfortable with the gratitude. He keeps his eyes and his focus on clearing his plate and lets the others keep up the conversation.
Dean moves his cheek away from the wet spot but refuses to open his eyes.
“How d-d-dare you,” Dean retaliates, mock-offended, “Since when d-does Baby not c-c-count?”
When he shuffles over to his sink, he makes the mistake of looking into the mirror. His eyelashes and cheeks are crusty with dried tears. Cringing away from his reflection, Dean bends down and throws cold water on his face until the evidence of his weakness is gone.
Dean makes a show of complaining about his back and then stretching out on his belly to Cas's left. Cas, because he's a dumbass, doesn't get the hint. After several seconds of lying there while Cas ignores Dean's suffering and Dean in general, Dean finally has enough. He grabs Cas's left hand, puts it on his back, and then lies down again with his face turned away.
Dean settles himself back on Castiel’s chest but he’s still frowning.
“I am. ’M just sleep t-t-talking.”
As he lies there, the thought sneaks up on him again that he misses sleeping. On the other hand, being able to sleep means
She smiles at him and winks, and Castiel feels the last vestiges of his frustration drain away, replaced by warmth.
He’s aware that he’s being short with Dean, but he doesn’t know any other way to get through this without snapping at him even more than he’s already doing.
When they part, Cas thumbs some leftover ice cream away from the corner of Dean’s mouth. “For the record,” he says, hushed in their little bubble of intimacy, “it
"Thanks. It, um. Was real nice. All of it. Like, the bath too." He's blushing. Why is he blushing? "You're like—really good at this." He feels like a babbling idiot but somehow he must have gotten his point across because Cas is all but glowing with pride. Cas used to doubt himself so much, so it's extra good to see.
Cas looks down with a confused frown.
"Maybe… cuddle and look at the pictures we've taken? We can start selecting some for our album."
Dean grumbles under his breath and takes a moment to fight down his disappointment.
“Hey, who you w-w-wanna bunk w-with? You d-d-did all-l-l-l the w-w-work, you get to call-l-l dibs.”
"There, there," she says, patting his back. Castiel hopes that Sam relayed to her what they were arguing about—she can't read Dean's lips when he is this disfluent.
“But… we’ve got a case.”
“Under your seat.”
“Did you bake these?”
When he’s feeling better, Castiel vows to make love to Dean as thoroughly and as tenderly as he knows how to.
“Yeah.” Sam’s tone softens. “And... with Cas?”
Dean grumbles unhappily but he does open his eyes. And then he almost swallows his tongue because Cas has taken off his coat and suit jacket and is in the middle of unbuttoning his shirt.
Dean doesn’t see how that’s necessary but he pushes himself up and blearily looks around for the food.
The left side of his bed is empty.
Dean’s still quiet when he wakes about an hour later, but he turns around and hugs Castiel, squeezing tight for a moment. He doesn’t need to use his words for Castiel to understand he’s thanking him. Dean sticks close after they leave the room too, preparing them both coffee and sitting beside Castiel so that their shoulders bump.
“—sor-r-ry, ‘m s-s-sor-r-ry, I’m s-so
Since people are disappearing almost every night now, they’re going to have to hurry finding out what’s going on and will need to split up. Dean doesn’t like it, even though all the disappearances seem to have happened during nighttime so they should be reasonably safe during the day. And he’d feel better about it if everyone had their head in the game but Jack has gotten more and more quiet and is looking troubled again, Cas is watching the kid and Dean like a hawk, and Sam and Eileen made polite conversation all evening while avoiding anything personal. And Dean? Well he’s not at 100% these days, and—
“Dean? Can you hear me? I know it’s scary. Shhh, I know. We’re gonna get you help, okay?”
“N-n-not what I m-m-meant, and-d-d you know it,” he accuses.
They get two doubles, rooms 19 and 25, because there aren't any family rooms left. Dean's about to call dibs on bunking with Cas when he hesitates. While Sam is busy filling out their very much fake information, Dean walks over to where Jack is studying the pamphlets that are laid out next to the counter.
It had taken him a while, then, to find the courage to go and tell the others. Sam and Cas were in the library, and they stopped talking when Dean entered. Wordlessly, he’d handed Sam his phone. His speech still wasn’t improving, and it got worse when he was distressed, and he suddenly couldn’t bear to hear himself talk, to hear himself admit that he couldn’t do yet another very simple thing anymore.
“Dean?”
Cas just hums in reply and starts carding his fingers through Dean’s hair. It’s super unfair because Cas knows how much that soothes Dean and is using it to distract him. And Dean’s totally going to call him on it—after enjoying it for a minute. Maybe two.
"You j-j-jerk it," Dean wheezes.
Cas hesitated. "We shouldn't leave Sam to do all the research on his own."
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Watching them, Castiel feels deeply at peace.
They share a moment of silence, and then Cas sighs. “You got a message from our contact, Molly; she’s asking you and Jack to meet her at a diner near the beach in an hour.” He tightens his hold on Dean’s hands. “I know you don’t need me there, I know we said we would split up to cover more ground, but I still don’t wish for us to be apart today.”
Sam regards him with sympathy. “Sure. Think you can go back to sleep?”
The food doesn't taste as much of molecules as it should, and Castiel refuses to think about what that implies.
The hand cupping Dean’s cheek slid into his hair, petting it. Overwhelmed, Dean broke away from the kiss and leaned his cheek against Cas’s. He only then realized that at some point he’d grabbed Cas’s arms, that his fingers were buried into the fabric there, desperately holding on.
Sam snorts again but he’s smiling.
It’s ungrateful as fuck of him, he knows it is. And it’s not like he hasn’t been dealing with this for years, that he doesn’t have practice. But it’s worse now. It’s so much worse.
“Can I kiss you?”
Dean’s busy too though! Real busy appreciating the soothing smell of their fabric softener and the comfy thickness of their comforter. And how good their memory foam mattress is and how nice it is to be lying on it while tucked into Cas’s side! Those are all very important things to acknowledge and indulge in.
“He’s like a hamster,” Eileen is saying with a grin, cupping her hands at the sides of her face to mime hamster pouches.
When Jack's brushed his teeth and gotten into bed, Castiel sits down at the edge of the mattress.
“Dean? Don’t you want to finish?”
Cas lets him crush his hand, but he says, sounding worried, “Dean, if you're in this much pain...”
Picking up the mitt, Dean points it at Sam sternly. “Don’t let that woman go, Sammy. She’s good for you, I like her.”
?” Cas sounds suspicious.
Humming to himself, Dean gets all the stuff he needs out of the fridge and snatches the biggest casserole dish they have. Since they've been away for a week, Cas has stayed behind to clean up their room. Dean can't hover anymore, so they've divided their chores a little differently—Cas hovers and changes the sheets on their bed and Dean takes care of the laundry. In the kitchen, Dean cooks and the others take care of the dishes.
Ducking his head, Dean nods, and then he beelines it to his room.
“Sl-l-low. Ge-ge-gentle. W-wanna—mm. W-w-wanna st-t-tay right he-here.”
With the attention finally not on him anymore, Dean tries the stupid rabbit food. At least if he eats that first he can have the tasty stuff after, right? The carrots and the sweet corn are okay because maybe Dean lied a little about not liking those. It’s been a while since he's tried broccoli though and it's an instant no—the taste, the way it feels on his tongue, it's all blegh. He can cook that stuff but not eat it, nope. Just no.
And then Cas, who doesn't get how embarrassing this shit is, has to go and make it worse.
Cas crouches down in front of the tub though, instructs Dean to hold still and close his eyes while he pours water over his head and then gently washes his hair. It’s like getting a head massage, and Dean moans with how good it feels. He slurs something that’s supposed to mean
. So I s-s-said I had homew-w-work, a-a-and I l-l-left.”
"Just a little,” Castiel coaxes. “I'll even sit with you. And then we can come back here and cuddle without your stomach growling at both of us all night."
“Try the
" Dean points an accusing finger at Castiel, his agitation unmistakable in the way his disfluency worsens, "Said-d-d he'd
Jody finally succeeds in bullying Dean into letting her take over at the grill. Dean complains about it right up until he has a full plate in front of him, and then he doesn't seem to have any interest in anything except feeding himself.
The sudden knock on the window startles both of them. Dean’s about to give whoever that is a piece of his mind when he realizes it’s Eileen, resulting in an awkward disentangling of limbs where Cas's knee comes dangerously close to taking out Dean’s fun zone. By the time they’ve finally made it out the backseat, Eileen looks like she’s struggling to hold back laughter.
For a while, they just hold each other, and Castiel enjoys the way he can feel Dean's heart beating against his own. They're rocking side to side a little in a way that seems to always just somehow happen when they hug.
that...that when you wake up in pain, you ask for me, but when I’m actually there, you flinch, because you didn’t expect me to be. I hate that you’ve learned to expect so little. And I hate that it’s partly my fault, by disappointing you again and again.”
“When I healed Jules’s ankle earlier,” Castiel starts at length, forcing out the words, “it drained me. And that’s nothing new, but—one day it will all be gone, and I won’t be able to help Dean with his pain anymore. I will just have to—to watch, and—”
When he comes back, Jack is waving goodbye to the others. Everyone waves back. He’s sweaty and flushed and gross, but looks elated, his head high and his eyes bright.
“Where’s Dean?” He must notice that Castiel’s truck is gone also, and answers his own question. “Oh, I understand. He is angry with you because he’s worried.”
“You’re a che-e-esebal-l-l,” he complains weakly.
"Yours, du-du-dummy. You 'n me."
For a brief, glorious moment, Cas hesitates. And then—
Cas hums in reply, making a show of contemplating what to do about it. And rationally Dean knows it's all in good fun, that Cas doesn't mean anything by it, except maybe he really does not want to kiss Dean right now, or be kissed. And Dean would respect that, but he can't help sounding a little hurt when he leans away and gripes, “F-f-fine, you don't w-w-wanna, I g-g-g-get it—”
Cas is looking confused and worried and hurt.
He’s just taken out his phone and is about to send Dean a few heart emojis to make up for it when Sam asks his input about the particular black magic they are going to be facing. Putting his phone away again, he forces all thoughts of kissing from his mind to make way for more urgent matters.
Dean paces through his room and wrings his hands and tries to keep himself from hyperventilating. His throat is tight and his eyes are burning. When his knees go weak and spots start dancing in his vision, he shakily manages to sit down on his bed. Shivers racing up and down his back, he hits a fist against his chest, trying to force his lungs into remembering what it is they’re supposed to do.
The first time Dean managed to claw his way through the black water and reach the surface, they were standing in front of a big mirror. Meticulously, Michael was stripping their body naked. Fabric slid over their skin and fell to the floor as more and more skin was revealed. When it was all gone, Michael inspected their body in the mirror. When Michael noticed Dean was there, their mouth smiled at Dean’s horror.
At that, Dean snorts and mumbles something unintelligible but likely inappropriate.
An ache spreads through Castiel’s chest that he knows has little to do with the lingering effects of the curse.
That gives Dean pause. Sam didn't eat last night, either. And okay, Dean's not super hungry right now, but Dean not eating and Sam not eating are two completely different cans of worms.
Dean hums. “No th-then.” His focus is briefly drawn away by the sound of laughter. The kids had taken a short break to cool down in the ocean but now have taken up the game again. “Well, we’re still down a-a-at Ocean Beach. You guys should c-c-c-come too. I’ve got a f-f-feeling it’s gonna make you feel b-b-better.”
It was in him, it was alien and it was evil, and Dean couldn’t bear the thought of it living on under his skin. He tried to swing his legs off the bed but was still weak as a kitten and Sam and Cas held him back easy.
He'd never really thought about it before, but it's deeply relaxing and freeing to be surrounded by people who, as Dean would say it,
It’s hard to keep being annoyed when Cas rests his hand on Dean’s back and lets it stay there, thumb rubbing slow circles. Dean’s very grateful in that moment that signing can be done with one hand, because the simple weight and warmth of Cas's touch sends an instant wave of comfort through him.
Jack appears oblivious to all of it, happy to assist them with whatever task they bring to him. He’s chatting away while he helps Castiel organize shelves in the storage, and Castiel catches himself just watching him, feeling like he’s bursting at the seams with pride.
“Where should we go next?” Cas asks when they’re all done with their ice cream and with watching the capys munch and nap.
Cas swipes to the next one and that one gives Dean pause because—hey, that's him! And he didn't know Cas took it!
When they arrive at the enclosure, Cas parks Dean’s chair beside the bench there and then sits down next to him.
“I don’t—” It sounds too good to be true. “How?”
Sam groans. "Alright, that's it. I'm going to go get some sleep." Even his signing seems exhausted. "We can eat something nice later, have some eggnog and watch a movie?"
Dean seems happy enough to keep working alone on his own project, but Castiel realizes what was wrong when Dean proclaims he's done and starts to clean-up:
"Just c-c-coffee. Alread-d-dy felt off when I w-w-woke up. " His voice is hoarse. Castiel cards his fingers through Dean's hair and Dean sighs.
With his face tucked into Castiel’s neck the way it is, Castiel can feel the way Dean’s face flushes. Dean grumbles something about him being a sap, but he also squeezes Castiel’s hand and holds it tighter like he doesn’t intend on letting go ever again, and that is all the answer Castiel needs.
That eerie coldness is gone, and the warmth is back in his expression. There’s a hesitancy though, and that’s new.
From one moment to the next, Castiel’s drained and exhausted husband is bouncing in his seat and flapping his hands in an expression of pure joy. Dean breaks a piece off the pie with two fingers, sticks them in his mouth, and moans.
"Are you cold?"
Frowning, Dean takes one of Cas's hands and squeezes. “Cas, c’mon. Don’t do th-that. T-t-talk to me.”
His mood ever changing, Dean nudges Castiel’s shoulder with his, smirking. “You wanna get me shirtless, Cas?”
So much for
Sam is handing out glow sticks to hang around their necks, and the mere sight of the things is enough to make Dean’s stomach churn with the memories they’re dragging to the surface. When Sam hands Dean’s glow stick to him, Dean fixes him with a stern look.
He parks his chair and moves himself onto the bed. He picks up the bag to look inside and then goes very still.
"You've been having insomnia again," Castiel deduces with a frown instead of answering Dean's question.
She starts to answer, then must see something in his expression because she stops and then asks, “With—?”, and inclines her head towards where Dean had walked out. When Castiel nods, the happiness in her eyes dims a little, but she says, “Of course. Thank you for asking.” They share a smile of silent understanding.
Dean opens his mouth, desperate to explain—no words come out. Panic starts to make his heart race and his skin feel hot and cold all over. If he can’t talk, Cas won’t understand. Cas will leave.
Cas doesn’t look like he’s faring much better: pupils dilated, hair a mess from Dean running his fingers through it while he kissed him. Dean leaves the condoms—he’s clean, and Cas doesn’t get STD’s—and puts a towel down on the bed so they don’t ruin the sheets. After tugging off his boxers, he climbs back into Cas's lap, who immediately draws him close, and then they both gasp into each other’s mouths when their dicks touch.
Martha wags her finger at Dean. “You better eat some of those carrots y’all bought, young man,” she tells him, even though they’re about the same age.
Dean's so busy scowling at them, he totally misses Cas taking Dean's plate. When Cas puts it down in front of him again, there's a helping of vegetable filling on the side, crowding in on his nice and tasty beef.
Dean had given him a look then, and Sam, realizing what he’d just said, had rolled his eyes. “You know what I mean. Magic means equivalent exchange—there’s always a price. There’s side-effects. This is your
“Mm-hm.”
Dean has to suppress a smile. Now that they all have more down-time, Cas and Sam have started home-schooling Jack so he learns something besides hunting. Jack is like a sponge for knowledge, so when something eludes him he easily gets worked up about it. It reminds Dean a lot of Sammy as a kid.
He’s about to put it back when Sam, who must have watched it all happen, suddenly appears at his elbow. “Cas,” he stage-whispers, “Buy it for him. Trust me, you’ll be his hero.”
Surrounded on all sides by his family, Dean couldn’t be happier.
Castiel waves back but makes the mistake of using the hand he’s been stroking Dean’s side with to do it, prompting an immediate displeased noise from Dean.
Dean’s pretty sure neither of them actually absorbs anything that’s happening on the screen. At some point, Cas draws Dean’s hand into his lap, strokes a thumb soothingly over the back of it, over Dean’s fingers. Dean shivers with it, his heart stutters. It feels so good. It feels so wrong.
Some of his acquired inability to assign meaning to letters seems to extend to signs formed with hands, and so Dean’s been having a hard time with ASL. It does work better than his attempts with reading and writing, but he will probably never be fluent. Dean mostly learns while leaned back against Castiel’s chest with Castiel moving Dean’s hands, but they always have to stop after just two or three simple sentences.
.” Cas sounds weary, and kind of down.
Cas frowned at them with his I-am-confused-and-impatient frown that Dean maybe found kind of adorable. When it wasn't directed at him, that is.
He was so deeply in thought, he hadn’t realized Dean was looking at him. Dean sounds vulnerable all of a sudden, and Castiel is quick to focus on him.
Dean shakes his head and attempts a smile. “Was just k-kinda l-l-lonely w-when I woke up.”
“I’ll be right back,” he informs Dean, and then dives.
Dean lied back on the gurney and accepted the belt Sam handed him. Cas was already holding the syringe and was watching Dean with worry.
“I don’t know how to play this game. I’m going to be bad at it.”
Shopping with Cas isn’t like shopping with Sam. Dean heaves a family pack of Chocolate Fudge ice cream in their cart, and instead of berating him, all Cas does is scratch ice cream off the list.
Staring at them, something catches in Dean’s throat. He’s not even sure he knows what Cas is saying, but he can’t be worthy of it, instinctively shying away.
Instead of getting with the program, Cas sighs and gets up and starts collecting the plates. “Come on, I'll help you clean up.”
Cas breaks the kiss with a grimace.
“Dean wants to watch
“Uh. Now-w-where.”
“Yeah, 'c-c-course.”
“Well, if you’re not too busy with that, I would like to show you what I found earlier.” Before he can lose his nerve—though he still doesn’t understand why he’s even nervous in the first place—Castiel places his gift down in front of Dean on the mattress.
"We were just talking, and I got sentimental. It's fine."
It's another little moment of happiness that Castiel never would have gotten to experience if it weren't for the man next to him.
At not even 5 o’clock on Christmas morning, there’s banging on their door that’s so loud that Dean’s upright and has his gun drawn before he’s even fully awake. He blinks owlishly at Castiel, who had been knitting and almost stabbed himself with one of the needles when the banging startled him even through the noise of the podcast he was listening to.
“F-f-fine. What about the k-kid, he up yet?” It's been a couple months since he lost his Grace, but Jack still has trouble sleeping. A lot of the time, he either sleeps like a drunk baby or not at all.
“You are not gettin’ in B-B-Baby l-l-like th-that. You’re with Eil-l-leen.”
Cas rolls his eyes. “He didn't beat me with slang words, Dean.”
Watching them, Dean feels like he's got
“You won’t be alone in dealing with this,” Sam had said. “Okay? That’s not happening. Not anymore.”
“You’re gonna be here?”
“Please eat something healthy before you have cake,” Castiel tells him, accepting a plate from Dean that’s piled with scrambled eggs and toast, and setting it in front of Jack. He’s sat down beside him, Sam and Eileen opposite them. Dean has swivelled one of the seats around so he can sit at the end of the table between the four of them. He’s too far away for Castiel to put a hand on his knee to keep in contact, but then the problem is solved by Dean’s foot bumping into his.
They're looking at the pictures on Cas's phone first because he took more. There's a few more that make Dean snicker—Sam trying and failing to get sand out of his hair. Eileen and Jack and Dean throwing seaweed at each other. There's one where Dean took a particularly nasty smelling bunch right in the kisser, but he can laugh at that too because while it was disgusting it was also really funny and the moment Cas caught looks straight out of a cartoon.
Dean would have rather gotten it over with now, but then again, he has no idea what to even tell Sam.
"You…need help carrying furniture? Which room are these for?"
Oh well. It has been almost two hours since they cuddled last. Obviously that’s too long.
"Uh, guys? Everything okay?"
much. Apparently he’s not done crying about this crap though, so it comes out as a sob instead. But he’s safe here, Cas is holding him, and maybe it’s okay to be a little fucked up about all of this and need to cry it out.
On automatic, Dean’s own arms came up to hug Sam back, asking, “W-w-what’s um, um-m-m, w-w-wrong-g-g?”
Not right now at least—Jack is chopping an apple. Sam is grazing on some yogurt-and-granola abomination. Dean kind of wants bacon, but that'd mean sitting down with the others to eat, and he can't do that. Not yet.
Without meeting his eyes, Dean finally reaches over and takes Castiel’s hand in his. He draws it into his lap and squeezes it once and then just holds it. It’s the
“Guys, we got a situation!”
“I offered Molly to try and heal her of her ailments. She declined.”
Nothing gets Dean’s mind calmer and lets him forget about crap like getting his hands busy. He takes sips from his thermos every time he starts to feel overly tired, but otherwise keeps going until there’s a hesitant knock on the roof of the car.
“You don't need to apologize,” Cas is saying. He gently touches Dean's forehead, rubs his thumb over Dean's temple. There's a heat behind Dean's eyes and he kind of wants to cry. “Is it getting worse?” Cas asks, and Dean nods mutely, keeps his eyes closed.
, which is horrible. Dean’s certain he didn’t put any juice in his backpack, which means Cas must have smuggled that in there, like a—like a smuggler.
“Would it be alright if I went with you?” Cas is asking Eileen. “It’s not because we think you can’t handle it. Dean is just worried and thinks you could use the company.”
At some point, the
“I don’t think anyone would put pickles in soup, Dean.”
Wanted.
He risks a glance into the rearview mirror only to see Cas already looking at him, his eyes all soft. Dean's blush instantly gets worse, which is just ridiculous. They're
needed, but for his health—and Castiel’s peace of mind—it would be better if he stayed at home. But Castiel is not sure how to say that without coming across as selfish or making Dean feel unwanted.
at me.”
“Okay, I’d l-l-like to make sure we got all the det-t-tails right,” Dean says once they’ve got their drinks and the waitress is out of hearing range again. “Can you tell us how this whole th-thing started?”
Oh fuck he's such a bumbling idiot. No wonder Cas could never see him as anything other than a friend—and even that, Dean had almost fucked up. Way to fucking go.
A lump forming in his throat and his legs shaky, Dean only just manages to open Baby's driver's side door before he collapses into the seat. The plate in his lap, he leans on her steering wheel with a hand over his eyes, his breath shuddering wetly in and out.
“I won’t look,” Cas says, like he’s sensing Dean’s embarrassment. He keeps him steady, and then Dean’s sinking into the hot water with a groan of contentment, letting his head rest against the edge of the tub, closing his eyes. It’s not a bubble bath, but the water smells faintly and soothingly like sandalwood and something citrus-y. Cas lets him soak for a while, rummaging around in their room. When he comes back, he takes Dean’s toiletry kit off the shelf, and Dean makes grabby hands for his shampoo bottle.
Alarmed, Dean pushes himself up so he can sit and look at Cas. Cas seems calm when he meets Dean’s eyes, but he’s radiating misery. It’s giving Dean a bit of emotional whiplash how they could go from a peaceful moment to—what is this even?
“Sorry,” Cas says, a smile in his voice. “I won’t.”
He wants to be able to sleep and dream. He wants to taste food, to enjoy it.
“Dean,” Cas is saying, urgently. The gentle touch on Dean’s shoulder has turned into a more of a light shake. Dean blinks, realizing he’d completely spaced out. “I think you just fell asleep with your eyes open.”
“I have to go. I love you.”
Just like—
Sam briefly ducks into the bathroom and then gets Dean's shades from the car. He presses them into Dean's hand, squeezes his shoulder, and then leaves to go eat bird food instead of the bacon the motel kitchen probably just finished preparing and that Dean's still bummed about missing out on. Dean mopes for a couple more minutes and then drags himself into the bathroom to take a piss and throw water on his face and shave off his stubble before it can start to itch and irritate him later.
tired. It’d be so easy to lie down in bed and nest himself under the covers and forget about everything for a while. Be kind of nice actually.
They discovered it and got it running a couple months ago. Dean can only swim in the outer lane and when someone’s there to watch him, but he’s taken all of that in stride. He’d never known what a great stress relief swimming could be.
Turning around and starting to rummage through a cupboard that he doesn't need anything out of, Dean somehow manages to keep his voice cheery—"What're we watching again?"—even as he's blinking away tears.
Now, Dean sits back down beside Cas inside their shelter. Cas is reading a National Geographic article about one of those bizarro deep sea monsters—”Black sea devils are fascinating creatures, Dean”—so Dean helps himself to a beer and then watches the waves. There are some tiny, fluffy white clouds far away at the horizon. Other than that, the sky seems to flow directly into the ocean, they’re both so blue and calm. The waves are tiny and crowned with seafoam, and make such a soothing sound when they meet the sand of the shore.
Resting his head on the bath pillow, Dean bats his eyes at Cas.
He finds the Epsom salt stashed under the sink, and also a handful of orange and cinnamon scented candles. When the tub is a quarter of the way full, he stops the water, unsure how long it will take him to coax Dean into the bathroom and unwilling to let all the water grow cold and sabotage his plan.
Dean kind of really wants another hug, but he's unsure if Cas wants that too. Cas may be his best friend, and Dean’s known him for years, but sometimes Cas can still be an enigma. Does he like it when Dean touches him or is it just something he's gotten used to? Does he long for Dean as much as Dean longs for him, even when they're in the same goddamn room?
Cas huffs a breath of laughter and strokes a hand down Dean’s spine. "You also hate it when I wake you up when that happens." He must feel Dean grimace because he adds, "I don't mind, Dean. I know you're an angry sleeper. And I told you it makes me happy when you ask for things you want."
Dean squeezes his hand and then tucks himself into his side. Running a hand through Dean’s messy hair, Castiel asks, “Do you want to bathe before we leave for dinner?”
What if Cas was only staying with Dean out of obligation though? What if he was already unhappy and Dean just didn’t realize because he's been so selfish?
Yeah, because they’re both party poopers. And like, boring and old—unlike Dean, who is
They’ve been trying, on and off, to help Dean be at least able to read and write his own name again, but they haven’t had much success. It mostly results in frustration and headaches on Dean’s part, and him storming off at some point to hide his pain from them. It’s a stark contrast to how he acts about his stutter, which rarely seems to distress or concern him.
“Yeah, c-c-cause I ate that in m-m-my room.”
“All I’m seeing here are like, get well wishes. Is this, um. About Mom?” Sam sounded like he was treading carefully, worried about setting Dean off again. “I know it hurt you when she left again with Bobby. But you’ve got like six messages and a voice mail from her. She—”
Sam holds up his hands in surrender. Well, one hand. Because the other is holding—a plate?
Somehow, Cas manages to look guilty and defensive at once.
They soak for long enough that Dean actually falls into a light doze. It’s nice to just enjoy the water and the quiet for a while. It’s only been a handful of days, but he’s missed holding Dean like this and being close to him. His warmth and the beat of his heart are grounding, anchoring, and to Castiel it will always be special to know him this intimately.
Dean sees his brother and grins.
Cas returns, obviously having taken extra long to make sure Dean got the privacy he’d asked for.
Dean was the one who ended up giving Jack
Dean pouts, and, when that isn’t effective, does his best pleading expression. It takes some patience on his part, but finally, Cas sighs in defeat and hands his phone over.
“You know how wrong that sounds when you say that to me, right?”
“Hey,” Sam greets him, only looking up briefly and then going right back to scrolling. If he's that engrossed, it's either a case or serial killer stats. Dean suppresses a shudder to avoid spilling coffee on the counter he scrubbed clean only yesterday.
Sam's already snoring again when Dean sneaks back in. It helps his head a little to shut off the light, but that also means he's alone in the dark while in pain.
“Good. C-c-cuz me ‘n Baby, we’re a p-p-package d-deal.”
Dean leans in to kiss him, just a quick peck. Except then Cas cups Dean's face just so and strokes his thumb over his cheek—and who taught him
sought Dean out more since—well, since. Dean had assumed that Jack did it out of misplaced guilt, but this feels like it’s about something else.
Dean pretends to be grumpy, but only minutes later he’s joking around with Eileen and patiently guiding Jack through the prep work for the meatballs.
And though it didn’t happen at once, something about it changed Dean’s outlook on his situation. So when they neutralized Chuck, and the seizures were still there, he found that the anger and bitterness that he’d expected just didn’t come. Dean had everything he’d ever wanted and never thought he could get—Sam had Eileen, Dean had Cas, and they had Jack, and they were free. He was grateful for so much. Everything else, he figured, would just sort itself out. They could finally have peace.
More people, and then the yelling gradually got quieter like the ones doing it were being dragged away. Dean blinked at it all in utter confusion, and then suddenly Cas was blocking his view.
“Sure. We c-c-can meet up for l-l-lunch somewhere.”
Cas sticks to his side like glue. Dean would rather Cas stick to
Not wasting his breath on swearing even though he hates that this is happening now when they're supposed to be having carefree family time, he quickly sinks to the floor. The sensor wristband is sitting securely on his arm, so the others should get an alert and a location on their phones in a few seconds. Dean manages to shove a dish towel under his head and then the world disappears and is replaced by painfully flashing lights.
Getting up and walking over to him, Castiel offers, deliberately loudly, "Dean, why don't you wash yourself up? You're getting flour everywhere. I can take care of the rest."
Jack looks at him like that’s the deepest shit he’s ever heard. Dean rolls his eyes and claps him on the back. “C’mon, g-g-git. But take your sh-sh-shoes off f-f-first.”
Sam snorts and shakes his head at them with a smile. Eileen gives Castiel a thumbs up. Jack, who is either genuinely not understanding the innuendo or, more likely, pretending not to, starts telling them about the dream he had last night. (It involved racoons that were thieves but somehow also jedi knights at the same time. “Told ya n-n-not to watch Sam’s weird ne-ne-nerd movies with the, what w-w-was it? Freakin’ t-t-time-travelling ferrets.”)
“Ok-k-kay. So, what h-h-happened?”
“You enjoyed being called my husband,” Cas says at length, hesitant like he’s trying to parse out what exactly they’re even talking about. Dean’s stupid heart still skips a beat as hearing Cas say
Castiel consults his phone. “In two minutes and twenty-three seconds, yes.”
Jack shakes his head.
Dean risks another look, and while the adoration in Cas's eyes would make him shy away for sure if they were face to face, now Dean lets himself smile in return. Screw it, right? Sam and Jack are both asleep, and even if they weren't, they wouldn't know what this is about anyway.
The moment Dean nods, Cas folds him against his chest, holds him close.
Castiel helps Dean stand and then walk over to the beach wheelchair. Sam and Eileen are over at the other shelter, drying themselves off with the towels they brought.
Dean grumbles some more but eventually falls into a light doze almost against his will, soothed by Baby's comforting rumble and the weight of Cas's hand on his back. The other three finally take pity on him, keeping the radio on low and their conversation quiet.
Sam is speaking quietly so as not to wake Jack. Castiel meets his eyes in the rearview mirror and nods.
“Hold-d-d it right th-there. You couldn’t’ve known.”
Dean does but either this one was ruined in the wash or Cas bought it without Dean's approval. "Don't like the texture." He drops the offending thing down on the bed and rubs his palms over his thighs. "Feels like what nails on a chalkboard sound like. I want the navy one."
“Oh yeah? 'C-c-cause l-l-last time I had-d-d to do the
Someone starts walking him forward, strong grip around his back catching him every time he stumbles. All sense of time is lost on him, and there’s a hitching, wheezing sound in his ears like someone having trouble breathing. Finally, the darkness around the beam of light that’s somewhere to his left transforms into something softer, more blue than charcoal black. The vision of the torturous experiments he’d witnessed faded away at some point, but he still feels outside of himself, confused and exhausted.
But none of that mattered at the moment. At this moment, they were here, alive, together.
Crap. Balthazar was right; he was rubbish at social interaction. He had texted too early. Or too late. Or maybe he was just being a pain in the ass, but since his dating 'drought' had apparently approached levels so critical that his best friends had dragged him out every Friday night for the past month, determined to find somebody for him, he plowed ahead anyway. Maybe he could salvage this.
"Can I assume you're doing everything in your power to --" She cut off at Dean's sour look. "Of course."
"Cool."
"Sounds like a perfect day."
"Okay, the Dean Winchester first date experience. Let me search my memory," he said drily. "It's been a while."
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean made a face. "Not really, no. Mostly just keeping people out of places they're not supposed to be, investigating when little old ladies hear raccoons knock over their garbage cans."
She laid a hand on his arm. "Call as soon as you can."
canon-verse, Dean & Sam being annoying and annoyed, jogging as torture or fun
pre-Destiel, historical AU, King!Cas, Assassin!Dean (no character death)
Destiel, A/B/O verse, Omega!Cas, Alpha!Dean, unwanted advances, threat of non-con (neither are between Dean & Cas)
"Something's wrong and you know it." She held up a hand. "Don't bother denying it. You've got a horrible poker face -- at least as far as I've seen tonight. Even Zar and Gabe would have picked up on it if they weren't so caught up in their own worry."
"Why?"
Content Warning: brief suicidal thoughts, fatalistic!Cas
"I thought Jody might do better with that group than you, Dean."
"Well, that's true. But I would like to treat this as our first official date."
"Encouraging like you're the experiment date? That maybe segued into his Big Gay Panic?"
The dim red-gold light glittered off the chain that hung heavy from Castiel's nipples. Metallic glints sparked as it moved with each labored breath. Dean grinned at the grotesque agony radiating from his ...
"I'll be back in five," he said as he headed out the door, his mind replaying everything about the night, going over each detail of the phone calls, but there was nothing to help him. He was so lost in his thoughts that he didn't notice someone standing by the exit until Kali stopped him with a brief touch.
He shouldn't, Dean knew that. What he should do was hang up the phone, free the six-pack from the fridge, and spend some quality time drinking himself to sleep. What he shouldn't do was smile as he answered, "Well he says he's this nerdy little accountant dude, but man... Not nerdy. Definitely not little."
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel considered the idea. It wasn't without merit, especially given the severity of Dean's withdrawal after their makeout session by the car.
And for Gabriel, that would be a bonus. But Castiel wanted strings; he wanted stability and someone to come home to at night, someone to care about. And, possibly foolishly, he had allowed himself to think that Dean might be that for him. That the easy camaraderie of their texts would translate to a face-to-face relationship.
"Blackmail?"
She nodded. "Yup."
Dean listened to the sound of shuffling papers for a few seconds before Sam responded. "Huh. Little early, isn't it?"
Dean and Castiel have their face-to-face date.
Jo smiled. "Okay, then. Enjoy. Give me a yell if you need anything."
Dean was still shaking his head as he rejoined Castiel at the exit. Once outside, Castiel took a moment to adjust to the relative quiet. Then, unable to deny his curiosity, he asked, "What was that about?"
"So, Dean," Castiel began earnestly. Dean choked back a laugh, but quickly schooled his expression when Cas narrowed his eyes. "So, you're a police officer?"
"uhhh...  Yeah, okay. You guys are in good hands." He nodded and walked out with Jody's "Now let's start with where you were tonight," following him down the hallway.
"May I speak with you, Detective?"
Sam made a gagging sound. "TMI, dude."
Cas glared at Gabe who just smirked unrepentantly.
"I think it was made very clear what we need you to do. I'm just checking whether you're going to play ball or not."
"'Cause Sleeping Beauty over there just fell asleep about an hour ago." She nodded toward the bed behind Cas and he slowly moved to see Dean laying, fully clothed, on top of the sheets, his face turned toward Cas, mouth open, unshaven cheeks fading into dark circles under his eyes.
Dean squinted at the sky and saw the first faint lightening just visible at the horizon. The same night, just a matter of hours since that first call.
"I'm not through yet, boy. But no, nothing so far. Still got a few more people supposed to call me back."
"Why don't you take a break? Just a couple minutes," Bobby forestalled Dean's automatic protest. "Stretch your legs, clear your head. Ain't any use just wearing a groove in the floor. I'll get a status update from Jody and Charlie and when you come back we'll see where we're at."
Before he even registered that he was lying in a bed, he was up and at the window, fingers against the smooth, cool glass, staring at the trees, the sky, a glistening lake.
The monitor mounted on the wall lit up with a freeze frame of two men in the front seat of a dark van.
The next time he woke, the pain was much more present. He groaned and tried to shift to a more comfortable position. There was a sudden movement in the room and he opened his eyes to find Gabriel leaning over the bed, eyes wide and tired, hair sticking out in all directions.
His phone rang, and Dean scrambled to dig it out of his pocket. He pushed away the disappointment when he saw Sam's name and answered.
"Nah, man. That's pretty smart." Dean nodded in approval.
"Yeah," he murmured and pushed back from the small desk. This was getting to be too much: Cas missing, Vic maybe alive, lying to Cas's friends, and they just sat there spinning their wheels while Cas was enduring god only knew what.
"Why aren't you any fun anymore, Castiel?"
Dean glanced back at the three already crowding into the cramped space. "Uh, Jody, these are Cas's friends: Balthazar, Gabriel, and Kali. They were out with Cas earlier tonight and can't find him."
With a twist of his wrist, he pulled out his knife, setting it against Cas's neck, gratified to see his eyes widen ever so slightly.
The forced mirth in Dean's eyes softened into something more genuine. "Yeah, but Cas, I already told you what I do --"
"Yeah, this is my baby." Dean ran a hand proprietarily along the the hood, eliciting a frisson of excitement as Cas imagined that deft, sure, gentle touch on his own skin.
prompt: chain
Dean led the way back to the Detectives' Office, his thoughts bouncing around his brain like bumper cars. He had no idea what to say to wave them off. Would Psycho hold it against Cas if someone other than Dean reported him missing? Would he even know? Dean didn't really want to take that chance.
prompt: ceremony
Sounds gradually grew louder and Dean could make out Cas's voice screaming. Dean's fingers ached from gripping the phone, his heart lodged somewhere around his throat.
"All right," Dean grumbled. "I'll get lost for a bit. But Cas, if you need me, if you need to stop, whatever, you just have to say."
It was quiet. Dark. Calm.
"We won't be long," Victor assured him. "I'll text you as soon as we're done."
"Mikey, I know what I'm doing." He turned back to Cas, pressing his palm over one of the deeper cuts, the sting against the edges of raw flesh an almost welcome change from the rest of the pain. Cas grunted and tried again to duck away, again coming up short against the restraints. Luke leered down at him.
He abruptly flipped the angel onto his stomach. "In the meantime... " He quickly unzipped his jeans, pushing them down his thighs. "Let's get to the amusement."
Dean had written maybe
Cas flinched at the sound of Luke's preferred name, but still said "Okay."
"Occupations are a typical first date discussion point, yes?"
He shook his head slowly. "It could be, I suppose. But, I don't know, it just doesn't seem like Dean. I mean, we haven't exchanged 'coming out' stories or anything." Castiel ignored Gabe's grimace. "But I got the impression that he's pretty comfortable with who he is."
Blue eyes clouded by pain but still filled with compassion stared at him.
"All right." Cas tried to raise his scratchy voice loud enough to be heard.
prompt: verify
Definitely not an issue on his part, he reflected, as he got into bed with arousal simmering through his veins. He tossed and turned, trying to ignore it and find a comfortable position to no avail. Memories of the night, Dean in his arms and needy kisses, skipped through his mind.
"Nah," Dean shook his head. "My brother and his wife are expecting a baby in a couple of months. Jess had a prenatal appointment today, but something came up with one of Sammy's cases, and he couldn't get away to go with her."
Or maybe Dean was just a coward. Maybe he wouldn't have said anything. Maybe he wasn't destined for a true relationship. After all, he'd been ready to walk away from Victor...
bunker fic, silliness, the brothers Winchester
"Not exactly," he breathed out, the words sharp with guilt and fear.
"I stand corrected." Cas smiled at Dean's mock outrage, and looked back over the car, determined to give it the proper attention. His eyes were drawn to the backseat. It looked fairly roomy, as seemed common with older cars, but still was likely to be a tight fit for two 6-foot-plus (give or take) men. That didn't stop a brief flash of longing though.
She bit her lip and hit a key on the laptop. "Like this."
Cas glared at Gabe as best as he was able until he shut up with a rueful grin. "Too much?" he asked, sitting once again in the chair next to the bed.
Cas snagged the nurses' call button and pressed it.
"Hey, Rebound Guy can be a good thing! You get great sex -- all that breakup intensity -- with practically no strings. Couple weeks later, you're both merrily on your way."
He sighed. Maybe if he didn't tell them about Bartholomew's ruse, he would be safe from social abductions 'for his own good' for the next week or two.
(now under magickmoons)!
He tried to swallow around the lump in throat. Sam meant well, but he just didn't know. He walked over to the collection of photos hanging on the wall: Sam and Jess' wedding portrait; the photo of him sitting on his mom's lap holding an infant Sammy that Jess had had digitized and restored for them; his Academy graduating class. He stared at the line of young, uniformed officers. It was impossible to miss Victor, standing proud and tall, so handsome, and way too damn good for the likes of Dean. He shook his head.
Argh! I really did not think it would be this long before I got this chapter up... but there's been a lot going on for me, I guess. I am so sorry!
He re-read it.
Dean stared at the screen, Bobby's confirmation unnecessary. He had just looked at a photo of the driver earlier -- in one of Victor's case files. The guys he had been picking up when he had been killed had been part of the Angelus Syndicate, offering evidence against their bosses.
They kept the conversation light from that point on, discussing that week's Dr. Sexy episode -- "See, Cas, I knew you'd be a fan!" -- and random stories of friends and family.
Castiel rechecked the number he had entered against the number scrawled on the cocktail napkin. They matched.
Dean, Sam
Dean shrugged, rested his hand on a mostly undamaged area of skin. "Long night," he said.
All too soon, Dean pulled back, looking conflicted. "I promised Sammy I'd come see him today, but ..."
"What good are you, anyway?"
"For these two to be quiet for a minute and let me talk. Thank you."
Jody's "Dean, stop it," was only slighter louder than Bobby's "Shut the hell up." Charlie just stared him down, one eyebrow raised.
Cas was winding through his wayward thoughts, trying to direct them to a happy memory, some time between disasters when Dean was relaxed and laughing, relieved for even a day of Atlas's burden.
Dean considered his upcoming shifts. "Yeah, I've tomorrow or Thursday, I think."
"They've gone to the car already."
Bunker Fic, pre-Destiel, love realization
A couple of notes before you continue with this. This one-shot is now a multi-chapter thing (meaning it's not finishing up in this chapter). Also, Chapter 1 -- that's about as fluffy as I get. There will be angst of some level happening along the way as our boys find their way to their Happily Ever After. A lot of people liked the fluffy nature of the first chapter, so I just wanted to make sure I give fair warning :) Also, the rating is likely to go upward to at least Mature.
The closing credits rolled on the TV, and a voiceover heralded a sitcom re-run 'Up Next!' Castiel's phone showed midnight as he saw the next text from Dean.
A/N: Originally, I had envisioned this as a one-shot, but there seems to be a real desire to see the date, so I am going to try. Can't promise when, but I'm pretty sure you'll get a chapter 2.
"Exactly as boring as you'd think," Cas answered with a sheepish grin.
"Hey. Bobby wants to do a status update. Come on in."
Dean's lips were soft and warm as they moved tentatively against Cas'. His arms were wrapped around Castiel's waist, holding him tightly. Wanting more with every fiber of his being but unwilling to push given Dean's recent hot and cold attitude, Castiel settled for soft nips and brushes across Dean's lips, waiting to see where Dean took things.
Now, it was Luke and Michael Angelus. Mike was dressed for jogging, shaking his head at Cas, while Luke laughed maniacally, twirling the knife in his hand. He closed his eyes, opened them again to see no one, just an empty bed and another blank wall.
"Glad to help. Next time... " she pointed at Dean and Victor, "you are both being escorted from the building. I don't care what kind of badge you have, capisce?"
He dug a hand into the angel's thick hair and tugged.
"The same," Castiel answered. Before Jo could question the order, Cas explained, "Dean has waxed poetic on the food here more than once, so I am fairly well-acquainted with his order."
As always, sorry it took me so long to get this written. I finally have an outline for the rest of the story, but that's no guarantee that anything will happen any faster unfortunately! But I think you'll like this chapter :)
Castiel laughed. "Go, Gabe. Have fun, get high, get laid, whatever you're looking for tonight."
Dean's eyes were wide as he stared at Castiel, his breath coming in ragged gasps, as he shook his head. He swiped a hand across his face and gave Cas a weak smile. "First date, remember?"
"No luck?"
"That's not it. Man, you think I know more than I really do." His word spilled out, like he could stop things, build a wall between Cas and whoever was hurting him, if he just spoke quickly enough. "And to find that info without anyone knowing -- it takes time. Please."
The text message screen dimmed, tired of waiting for his response. With a sigh, he slid the phone into the center console and started the car. How'd the date go? Maybe by the time he got home, he'd have figured out the answer.
Cas took a deep breath and said, "Okay," as Dean protested, "You gotta do this now, man?"
In the doorway stood Victor Henriksen, a wry smile on his tired face. Dean looked back and forth between Cas and Victor.
Fuck.This was not happening. But now that it had, had he screwed the rest of it up? Would there be anymore Dr. Sexy phone marathons? Random texts through the day? He had already grown so accustomed to Castiel's constant presence throughout the day, that he almost grabbed his phone to text him. Scowling, he punched the pillow next to him. It didn't do anything to settle him.
Michael Angelus.
"Ah fuck, I'm sorry, Charlie. I'm just ... " He waggled his hands uselessly.
He dozed off and on for a while, scattered memories from the night jerking him awake anytime his mind drifted. While awake, he mostly just watched Dean sleep so deeply, he looked closer to unconscious than resting. Meg came back in and helped him raise the bed, the movement pulling at the stitches on his back, but allowing him to feel a little bit of normal. He watched the evening news on silent, closed captioning verifying his memory that Victor Henriksen was alive and well and instrumental in the previous night's events.
Dean hums in reply and fiddles with the coffee machine to have an excuse to keep his back to Cas while he tries to remember how to act like a normal person. Or like normal Dean at least, instead of humiliatingly twitterpated Dean.
It knows nothing but want, and fear of what it wants.
Cas swallows. “I... don't know.”
It’s during one of those times that Dean is sleeping beside him while some rerun of a sitcom is playing that Castiel realizes how little they’ve touched over the last two days.
"Dean…"
And Dean was officially a fourteen year old kid with an embarrassing crush. More than that, he was being pathetic and selfish and dumb. Cas didn't—Cas couldn't—
“I don’t mind, Dean.”
Claire and the girls are playing music from their phones and have started a game of frisbee. When Dean and Jack reemerge, Dean gently pushes him towards them. Jack's eyes look a little red, but everyone pretends not to notice, and he's roped into the game and laughing in no time.
"Hate it when I fall asleep an' miss out on all the good parts."
His tone is sympathetic even though his words are somewhat chastising. Castiel deflates with a sigh. "I know. You're right, but I just—I want to help."
In the kitchen, Dean gets busy preheating the oven and pulling everything he needs out of the cupboards. They've re-organized so that all the important stuff is low-level enough that Dean can easily reach it. He also has one of those neat claw-thingies with which he can theoretically grab stuff from higher up shelves but he's mostly just used it to annoy Sam.
Cas’s eyes are warm, his smile soft. He’s looking at Dean like he’s seeing something beautiful.
“You want to go to SeaWorld?”
Cas holds him tighter, and Dean listens to his heartbeat and watches the stars until he can’t keep his eyes open any longer.
Dean pouts. And then he rolls his eyes and shoos them out of his kitchen, "Alright, alright, got it! Raincheck on movie night."
Cas's hand falters, the stroking through Dean’s hair slowing to a stop.
“What do you mean?”
Cas softens at that.
“Go sit over th-there, I’ll be right b-back.”
Dean swallows what feels like acid reflux trying to claw up his throat, except it’s only air. He gives the kid a tight smile and an awkward wave that probably makes him look like a complete idiot. It doesn’t help that he’s in his robe while everyone else is already properly dressed.
Eileen and Dean squabble lightheartedly about who will cook dinner.
Castiel leans away and captures Dean's hand. He laces their fingers together and feels the minute trembling in Dean's. Even if he was using picks, it must have been difficult for him to play with his hands as unsteady as this.
Dean tries a cocky grin, though he can tell it’s pretty weak.
Dean manages a shaky nod and a gruff, "'course."
“Thank you.”
One has a hole where its carrot nose should be and is angrily glaring. The snowman opposite to it is smirking, and not only seems to have a carrot for a nose, it also has an even bigger carrot as a… oh.
Dean leans into the contact gratefully, then points over at where the kid is still so engrossed in the very game he had been so sure he’d be bad at, he hasn’t even noticed the others arrive. It looks like Jack just landed a point for his team. The others high five him and he laughs, a bright smile on his face.
Castiel tries to protest—his grace isn't so weak that he requires sustenance, so food will be wasted on him. Dean matches him in stubbornness though, and though he doesn't say anything, it's clear that he will spoon-feed him if he keeps resisting.
Castiel should make sure Dean stays warm and puts his glove back on. But first—
Jack had mentioned wanting to learn when they got the pool running again, but then something else came up and they all forgot about it. Dean worried that lessons as a present would be dumb, but looking at Jack now, Castiel knows he made the right choice.
A tear spills over, rolling down his cheek. Dean closes his eyes and swallows hard, overcome by sadness and relief at once. A thumb rubs through the wetness under his eyes and Dean struggles to force his mouth to obey him. “B-but I g-g-get need-d-ding t-to b-be out th-there. So if y-y-you’re not ok-k-kay with—”
"Right."
Sam comes back from the bathroom with a glass of water. He hands it to Dean and then sits back down opposite him. Dean's hands aren't shaking so bad anymore and he drinks a few mouthfuls before he presses the glass to his temple and closes his eyes again. “Th-thanks. W-w-what t-t-t-time's it?”
The diner Molly ask them to meet her in is in walking distance of the beach, crammed between a Subway and a dry cleaner’s. The windows are dusty, the red leather seats soft and worn with use, and there’s a jukebox installed in each booth. Dean immediately feels at ease.
"You look tired," Cas says, sounding worried. "You should get some rest."
“Uh, yeah. You want some? They’re still warm, that’s when they’re best, trust me.”
“It’s f-f-fine,” Dean blurts out. “It’s. Yeah.” He clears his throat and chances a look around. Jack looks earnest as always and like he doesn’t get what’s so embarrassing. Eileen is squinting at them, but then Jack signs something to her and the confusion clears from her face and is replaced by amusement. Okay, time to make a graceful exit.
"Be right back, gotta ge-ge-get these into th-the f-f-freezer!" Dean hollers at no one in particular.
“Dean, in your condition—”
A sharp stab of pain through his head is what wakes him an indefinite amount of time later, abruptly, making his guts churn with nausea and his mouth flood with saliva. With a groan, Dean tries to move, but he's sluggish and disoriented. He clumsily pushes himself off of Cas's chest, not daring to open his eyes, it hurts that bad.
Birdsong rises with the rays of the sun. A gentle breeze goes through the tall grasses, and Castiel shifts closer to Dean, keeping him warm. It's only now that he realizes that whatever was rattled and uncertain inside him has settled and is reassured.
bad movie or a
Expression softening, Cas accepted the mug from him, their fingers brushing.
“You’re right. I like that version better too.”
This hurts too, how wrongfooted he feels. They're okay again, him and Cas, but how okay? The uncertainty has Dean stay quiet, has him keep his head down and pick at his nails.
The moment Cas hesitated and exchanged a look with Sam, Dean knew it wasn’t.
yell at him to put him the fuck down right now. But he doesn't. Cas is holding him so securely, and it's making Dean's chest do that fluttery thing again, so Dean keeps his eyes closed and lets it happen.
“Man a-a-after my own heart.”
Dean slows to a stop. He wants to check on Sam, but he can't fucking be around Cas right now when Sam is also there. Not while he feels this stupidly fragile. He needs to get himself together first, get some control back.
"In four days? Dean, you could have ca—"
“I am. I won’t leave, Dean,” Cas's voice cuts through Dean’s rising fear. “I won’t leave.”
Cas effortlessly carried the recliners by himself—causing Dean to maybe stumble a couple times because he was maybe paying more attention to Cas's show of strength than what his own feet were doing—and then they carried the foosball table together. Once that was done, Cas looked around the room curiously.
“They make it work,” he says, sounding almost angry. “Not all birds nest on trees, right? Maybe it can just make a nest on some small island. And there’s pools when the tide is low, right? They can hang out there.”
Cas looks rumpled and exhausted. He closes the door behind himself and sits beside Dean at the edge of the bed.
Dean rolls his eyes but he does get up, fighting his way out from under the blanket. Castiel is congratulating himself on his persuasion tactic until Dean tries to help him stand and he's suddenly hit by a wave of dizziness.
“Resting. Eileen and Jack have really taken to the pool. There are giant egg- and bacon-shaped floatables.”
Suddenly, Sam appears at his side. There are dark bags under his eyes and a scraggly beard is covering his cheeks, but the look in his eyes is alert and sharp. It's the first time in a while they've been out in the field with a case this big, Sam especially more happy to handle the organizing and the lore-providing side of things. Sam hasn't said anything, but Castiel can tell that he'd have preferred it if his brother were here with him. While he's gotten more comfortable with leading—had to, over the months Michael had Dean—he still prefers to have both Dean's approval and his actual physical support.
Dean blinks and then his eyes widen. “Dude! Is that what’s-it-called—an Abalone shell?” He picks it up and rolls onto his back, then moves the shell around in his hands, studying it. “It’s so big!” He raises his eyebrows at Cas. “You know Sammy is so gonna wanna use it for spells.”
He’d been in the Cave with Cas, complaining about how Sammy was super wrong about
He puts socks on, stomps his feet into his slippers, then opts for his gray hoodie instead of his robe because it's softer and warmer.
,” he gestured at himself. “A-a-and I c-c-can’t. I c-c-can’t d-d-do w-w-what
He looks at Castiel and frowns.
kind of rude, right?"
Castiel shimmies down the bed, shifts onto his side and opens his arms.
Dean licks his lips. He gets where Sam is coming from. But he, he can’t.
smells clean and fresh. Dean spreads himself diagonally across the bed like a starfish and decides he’s never moving again ever.
Sam and Dean exchange a confused look. Jack is staring at his lap, mouth a thin line.
“Are you feeling better? Cas said… Cas said it wasn’t a bad one.”
“No!” Dean closed his eyes. “Not h-h-him.” A fist clenched in his blanket, he’d swallowed, forced the words out past the spasms in his throat, past the debilitating fear. “The D-D-Dean y-you knew f-f-from
Sam and Eileen are sitting at the kitchen table, laptops open and documents spread out between them. They were probably enjoying their coffee while having a peaceful conversation before Dean and Castiel came in. Now, they look at the two of them with confused expressions.
In the bathroom that holds the large tub, Castiel takes off his trenchcoat, rolls up his sleeves, and gets to work.
He must have spaced out, because Cas is looking at him with the milk bottle in one hand and a frown on his face.
"I should really go see if Jack is up again by now. Maybe—maybe another time."
“Dean? Dean!”
“Yes, I suppose so.”
A day and a half later, Dean’s moved from the infirmary back into their room. Castiel too is at a hundred percent again, or at least as hundred percent as his grace gets these days. Jack’s birthday is tomorrow, and they’re all busy with making preparations while also making sure that Jack won’t suspect anything. It is a surprise party, after all.
Dean. So please—can you just tell me?”
wind down a little.”
In the garage, Dean smoothes a hand over Baby’s hood so she knows she’s still his number one. Then he gets his tools and his creeper and rolls himself under the Thunderbird’s belly.
“For instance,” Cas adds, “You're not usually this... clingy.”
Were they threatening Cas and Sammy? Dean wanted to move, but it was so hard. Why was it so hard? What had happened to him?
“Dude, chew with your mouth closed. And I dunno, she didn't say.” Sam shrugs and puts his phone down like it's nothing.
Castiel helps Dean write his name at the bottom, and then they’re done. The end result is still quite wobbly, with the letters much bigger than Dean used to write them, but it’s readable.
When they've all had their fill and the dishes are washed, Dean wants to watch the third
“Hey, guys. How’d you sleep?” Dean asks, again speaking slower and enunciating carefully.
"Hey, C-C-Cas? Don't mope in h-h-here w-w-with me the ent-t-tire time, 'kay? Go ha-ha-have some fun."
And maybe Cas would get some chocolate on his cheek, and then Dean would have to touch him to wipe it away, and—
His voice has started to waver. He takes a breath, then changes the subject.
“You should go back to sleep.”
“Thank you, Dean. You’re really good at this.”
“That's why I put some juice in yours before we left.”
Feeling dead tired yet too wired to sleep, Dean wanders around until his feet carry him down to the swimming pool.
Sam and Cas were frowning at him, obviously struggling to understand his disrupted speech, and now they exchanged a look of pure confusion.
“Where are you going?”
By the time it's getting dark and the LEDs in the lampions have turned themselves on, the kids have retreated inside, presumably to play video games. Dean grumbles something about them at least taking their 'awful excuse for music' with them, and frowns at the half-empty Margiekugel in front of him, the label all but picked off.
"Sorry I m-m-missed your call. K-k-kids needed help. Some idiot just ca-ca-came in with frostbite."
“Of course,” Cas says and signs, giving her a smile. “I’ll be right there.”
“Yeah,” Dean answers, absently.  Eileen seems to have grown tired of fanning herself, so Dean picks up the pamphlet and takes over for her. She shoots him a grateful look, but all Dean can think of is that it should be Sam doing this.
“Dean! Dean, don't do this, c'mon!”
—that
Watching his expression shift towards frustration, Castiel decides to give Dean the out he needs. He squeezes his shoulder, “It was a long day. We should get some rest.”
There is one problem though; he
Swiping his hands up and down Dean’s back to spread the shower gel, Castiel starts to massage Dean’s neck and shoulders.
Cas looks perplexed. “Oh”, he says. “Jack was awake early and I wanted to check on him. He didn't feel like going back to sleep so I stayed with him.” Cas squints at him. “This is what upset you,” he says, uncertainly but too flatly for it to be a question.
He rolled his eyes at his honorary sister's needling. "I do not have a fav... Wait. Okay. He's hot?"
Yay, another chapter! And it didn't take 3 months :)
Those memories had been slipping away, harder to find, to hold, to recall the simple pleasure in seeing Dean's smile, or feel the joy in a simple hug. He waded through the harsh, unforgiving moments, when Dean had looked at him with betrayal, reproach, hatred. They built a wall, nearly impenetrable now, joined with Sam, Jack, Rowena, Balthazar, Rachel, Samandriel, and more.
Dean closed the useless reports and drew in a shuddering breath. "What am I gonna do, Bobby?"
"Damn it!" He pushed away from the desk and paced Bobby's small office as he gave him the pertinent details of the call.
He stared at his phone, waiting, for a minute before he realized that he couldn't expect Bartholomew to just be waiting by his phone. The man had seemed very busy when they had met at the bar last night, alluding to some important job that Castiel hasn't gotten a very good feel for; he had been rather vague about the details.
He shrugged as he sent the message; he was probably stretching the definition of 'recent' with that remark, but Dean didn't really need to know that.
"Encouraging, huh? How encouraging?"
"Gentlemen." Meg stood in the doorway, hands on hips, glaring at Dean and Victor. The two shut up, but continued scowling at each other.
It wasn't until some time after Jo had cleared their plates away, and the bill had been paid, that they noticed the boisterous crowd around them as the Friday night partiers began to show up. Dean nodded toward the door, raising his voice to be heard. "I think maybe we should head out. They're gonna start setting up a band in here pretty soon, and then it'll just get crazier."
He tapped the screen to reply, but found he didn't have an answer. As he stared at the phone, he heard and felt a low rumble as Dean's car passed him and pulled out of the lot. He watched the car swallowed up by the darkness, its tail lights turning at the end of the block.
Dean sat frozen, eyes fixed on Bobby's nameplate, unable to look at anyone else, hands balled into aching fists in his lap. They had taken advantages of Cas's loyalty and compassion.
He almost wished he knew Bartholomew's real number, so he could call and thank him.
Dean looked at her inquisitively.
He put his phone on the charger and got ready for bed, buzzing with excitement and anticipation about tomorrow's phone call.
She followed him outside, and Dean drew in a lungful of cool air.
"Deal."
"48 hours, we know," Balthazar interrupted sharply. "But we also know Cas, and this isn't like him."
In two steps, Dean was hauling him upright. He slammed a fist against Castiel's face. His head whipped to the side, then he slowly faced front again, fresh blood running down his cheek, enrapturing and
With a resigned shrug, Castiel opened a beer. Taking a swig, he grabbed a slice of pizza and settled back onto the couch. As they ate, he told Gabriel all about the night. Gabriel was uncharacteristically quiet while he spoke. After he finished, Castiel grabbed a slice of pizza, just for something to do as he waited for Gabriel's input.
"Of course."
It may have been a flash of disappointment that he saw on Dean's face, or it may have been relief. Either way, he gave a one-shouldered shrug. "Yeah, maybe we should call it a night."
"Bobby," he hissed, urgent but somehow calm. Bobby nodded, immediately picking up the phone and already speaking quietly when Dean answered.
prompt: limping
And so it went on and on.
, crouched naked and bloody before him. He stretched out a leg, hooked the toe of his boot under the chain and pulled it taut.
He yawned and turned off the television as he waited for Dean's next text.
As always, feel free to come talk with me on
(See the end of the chapter for
Giving it up as a lost cause, Castiel grudgingly shoved his boxers past his hips. The first gentle touch of his fingers to his already hardening cock pushed the low-level arousal into high gear. He finally let himself freely think about Dean, his hands, his lips, the light in his eyes. Dean's strength under his hands had been beautifully challenging, the way he had given himself over to the kiss nothing short of intoxicating.
Cas groaned and flicked the biggest shred of crust he could find at Gabriel. "Just shut up now, please?"
Castiel stayed silent and picked at the pizza crust on the plate in front of him, shredding it into small bready strips.
Cas grinned so widely his cheeks ached. "I'll see you tonight."
Dean perked up, but shut back down as soon as Charlie shook her head. "The camera on the club's back entrance was mysteriously disabled about an hour before we think Cas went back there."
"Burner phone. Not enough time to get a location."
"... none of this would've happened in the first place," came a strange voice from the doorway.
He tried to clear his throat but winced at the scratchiness. Dean poured him some more water from the plastic jug and handed him the cup. Lifting the cup to his lips was almost more trouble than it was worth, but Cas persevered, not wanting to give Dean a reason to restart the argument. He took a soothing sip and then held the cup in his lap; he'd need it if he was going to do a lot of talking.
He looked around for Gabriel or Balthazar.
Only two LEOs had been hit, and both were expected to make a full recovery, so the operation was deemed a qualified success. However, that didn't get Dean out of paperwork. And since the FBI was involved, there was twice the red tape as usual, more verbal and written debriefings, and exponentially bigger headaches.
"If they want money," her voice was dark and soft at the same time, the night sky made aural, "I can make that happen."
"No, I'm fine, Dean. You go ahead." The remnants of the nightmare were already fading, and Dean hadn't seen his brother in ... well, it had been a while, he was sure of that. "I might just go sit by the lake. Or maybe work in the garden."
He thought of Cas's weak but definite 'I love you,' and a warm glow spread through him even as he worried that he had only said it out of fear he was dying, or due to the blood loss or trauma. And while he was eternally grateful for the medics helping Cas out, they couldn't have had worse timing, slipping in just before he could reply.
"Dean."
"Winchester," Victor warned. "Your involvement in this is already too complicated. This needs to be as clean as possible to make sure Lucifer gets locked up and stays there."
"Why are we whispering?"
Cas let out a weak chuckle. "As am I." He studied the two men for any clue as to what was going on. They looked good together -- two accomplished men, brave and strong, supporting each other after the action had ended. But Dean was looking at Cas, not Victor; and he still hadn't stopped touching Cas's arm.
He pulled back with a look that was both horrified and embarrassed, shaking his head as she pressed something into his hand with a mischievous look. She waved to Cas before disappearing back into the growing crowd.
Cas looked up from where he sprawled. "I am not here to fight you, Dean. Nor to amuse you."
"Okay, occupations it is."
"Anyway, the doc was running late, and then I wanted to make sure Jess was settled afterwards, because it sounds like Sam may be pulling an all-nighter."
She nodded. "Yes. The doctor's started lowering your pain medication now that everything is settled."
Charlie picked up the report. "Since that gave us an approximate time, we started looking at the club's video surveillance."
The next time he woke, a nurse was standing next to his bed adjusting a bag hanging from his IV stand. She smiled down at him when he groaned.
Jody looked up when they entered. "Oh, Dean. Bobby needs to see you right away."
"Okay, the usual for Dean." She rolled her eyes, then looked at Castiel. "And for you, handsome?"
Dean paced around his apartment, unable to settle down, unable to stop thinking about the confused look Castiel's face earlier that evening. God, he'd been such a dick to the guy. He growled and threw himself onto the couch.
Victor sighed. "Well, if you're not happy about the timing, Dean, you're gonna love this. You gotta leave the room."
He clicked the TV on and flipped aimlessly through the channels while he waited for Gabriel's response. He hesitated when a Dr. Sexy episode appeared, but continued on after a moment. His phone buzzed as he was debating the merits of a nature documentary he was almost certain he'd seen before versus Ancient Aliens.
Cas gave an apologetic smile. "I did. I'm sorry."
delighting Dean. He ran his fingers through the flow, smearing it across the angel's lips, forcing his thumb into his mouth, painting his teeth and gums with blood.
before exploding in a the most intense orgasm he'd had in months, possibly years.
"What the fuck were you thinking, man?"
"Dean!" he nearly yelled, a hand fumbling for the nurses' call button, when Dean sat up abruptly, yelling, "Cas!!"
Cas hummed an acknowledgement, still unable to take his eyes off Dean. Sitting in Luke's chair, he had honestly believed they would never see each other again.
"First date, Dean." Cas raised an eyebrow, and Dean sat back, hands lifted in surrender.
He stepped into the restaurant, finding some comfort in the familiar atmosphere. He scanned the small crowd, looking for anyone who could be Castiel, finding a handful of regulars and a group of college kids near the pool tables getting a head start on whatever they were celebrating this Friday night. He had just spied a lone, dark-haired man sitting in his regular booth with his back to the door when Jo popped up in his face with an excited smile.
"Sunday" dinner was a tradition among the three of them since Sam and Jess had moved back from Stanford. It was the brothers' attempt to create some type of family tradition that Sam would want to pass on to his kids. None of them had traditional 9-5 work schedules, so Sunday became whatever day they could all get the time to be together.
Cas typed the first thing that came to mind in an effort to avoid Dean thinking that Cas wasn't interested and shutting down his phone. He winced as it came out sounding exactly the opposite of what he intended. He started typing again.
His eyes scanned over Cas, darkening with anger at each bandage he noted.
Castiel nodded, waiting to see if Dean had anything to add. He wasn't very surprised when Dean redirected the conversation back to Castiel.
Dean gave himself a mental shake, heaved a sigh, and nodded. "Let's get this over with. Faster we're done here, faster I get over to the hospital."
"This is what you dragged me back in here for? To tell us that these guys know enough not to get caught on camera? Great job, cracked the case wide open. Let's go get 'em!"
His regrets cemented the wall. He had been so easily led astray, had failed to trust the right people, had left too easily, hadn't fought for what he'd wanted. It was too late to seek any forgiveness. He didn't deserve their forgiveness.
His friend was already halfway on his feet,but hovered uncertainly. "I could stay, if you want the company."
Castiel's voice dropped, and he leaned over the table, staring directly at Dean. "Oh, I believe you. And I have really been looking forward to this." He took a deep pull off his beer. Dean couldn't stop watching Cas' tongue trace his lips to pick up any residual traces of the drink. His heartbeat picked up, and he swallowed nervously, reaching for his beer. The thrill of arousal simmering in his blood was both welcome and frightening. It had been a long time since he felt like this.
Dean shrugged. "I guess. It was just dinner, man."
"Balls!"
prompt: brick
Dean turned, with the beautiful light blush he always got when Cas got 'sappy.' "Aw man, you know I suck at ... " He shook his head and took a deep breath and looked right at Castiel. "I love you, Cas."
But then strong hands were turning him and green eyes looked into his. Rough fingers brushed his cheek, wiping away tears he wasn't even aware he'd shed. "Cas, you okay?"
Gabriel balanced a pizza on one hand. "I hate eating alone, man."
After a few seconds, Dean shook himself. He chuckled. "So, yeah, Ash is ... something else. Hell of a good bartender, though. Knows every drink in the book. We always tried to stump him, but..."
Dean threw her an impatient look.
"Sorry," he growled, entirely unapologetic but happy to play stupid little games that would keep the line open longer. "This is Dean Winchester. How can I help you?"
Bobby cleared his throat. Jody shrugged sheepishly. "Less likely to draw attention than, say, me." He grunted and rolled his eyes. She continued.
And, with one horrifying breath, it all flowed back into place.
"Not that. Get your mind out of the gutter. I was talking about his height, bitch."
He nodded as she walked to the car. He stared at the nearly empty lot long after they had driven away, exhaustion cascading over him; he was too tired to even blink, held up by sheer stubbornness and a very accommodating brick wall.
Luke threw his phone at Michael. "You call. I'm busy." He tapped the knife against his lips. "I think it's time we started going a little deeper."
Dean had a sharp sense of humor, was fiercely loyal to his brother and a seemingly small group of friends, and an intelligence that Castiel thought Dean tried to hide, even from himself. At the end of the three hour marathon, Castiel found himself strangely relaxed, smiling while sitting alone in his living room, and looking forward to the ping of the text notification on his phone.
"Favors." She shrugged. "Would it help?"
But it was warm. Soft. Safe.
He blinked, unable to process input for a second, before it resolved. A pale green wall with a window was in front of him. Through the window the leaves of a tree moved in a gentle breeze, clear blue sky behind them.
Demon!Dean, non-con, torture, dark, no resolution
She held up a hand and silence fell. "While we can't open an official investigation, we can certainly look into it informally. Dean, I got this. Why don't you go see what Bobby needs?"
Oh and definitely more violence in this chapter, pretty consistent with what you'd see on the show though.
The pressureburningpain had Cas choking on air, gasping for relief, until he realized that the ragged, broken screams echoing in his ears were his.
"I need more time."
Castiel looked up as he approached. Dean slid into the opposite seat on auto-pilot, struck silent by exactly how 'hot' Cas was. Fucking gorgeous was a much better description, Dean thought, as he studied the man sitting in front of him. Thick, dark hair -- either artfully mussed or entirely out of control -- framed a strong, open face, full lips, and the bluest eyes Dean had ever seen. It was not at all what Dean had expected from a self-described 'socially inept' accountant. No, Dean thought Castiel was much better described as a model; better yet, a movie star, Dean decided when Castiel smiled in greeting. No way would still photos do justice to the light in his eyes, the way his whole face gave over to the smile. Dean flushed when he realized he still hadn't said anything.
His words bounced around Castiel's lust-addled mind before making any meaningful connection. "First date, right," he echoed. They had agreed that this was a first date, and that demanded certain propriety. Such as not engaging in spur-of-the-moment sex in the backseat of his date's car. Castiel desperately tried to get his body and his mind on the same page, regardless of the avalanche of hormones rushing through his system.
Wow, what's this? Another chapter?? Bet yall thought I'd forgotten about this, but nope! I'll never abandon our boys ;D
"Well, fuck," he muttered. That was not going to help anything.
"Yeah. Asleep," he scoffed.
Castiel studied the message. It could be interpreted either as Dean being upset about Cas' text, or that Dean knew Castiel was being humorous and replying in kind. He chewed on his lip, unsure how to answer.
Castiel sent him a sad smile. "I am here for Dean. For my friend, as long as he needs me. Until we find a way to fix this."
"Sorry I'm late," he said.
"Are you always this rude, Dean? You don't sound welcoming at all." The voice was different than the guy he'd spoken to earlier, meaning there were at least two of these goons to worry about.
With a sigh, he started shutting off the lights.
He swallowed, putting together the jagged puzzle pieces of the past few weeks together just a little too late.
Dark rage surrounded him for a time, at first. Waves of anger and despair rolled into each other, crashing like waves in a storm. Then it was silent. Nothing moved, nothing breathed. It was just ...
Dean nodded seriously at Cas. "Just wait. It's gonna be everything I said."
"It's family, man." Dean shrugged nonchalantly, but he couldn't suppress the grin that always seemed to emerge whenever he thought about the impending new Winchester. Today's visit had been entirely routine, and Jess was entirely capable of handling it by herself, but Dean suspected that she and Sam were going out of their way to make sure he was as involved as possible.
Victor strode into the room and stood next to Dean. "Cas, I'm sorry we had to meet like this."
He carefully brushed away glass shards from his face with a shaking hand, but said nothing.
"Isn't it?" Castiel tilted his head slightly as he considered the question. "We haven't dated before."
Unsure, he nodded. Dean sighed softly and pulled him into a tight hug. "I've got you, babe. Never gonna let anything like that happen to you again." He pulled back and smiled before he leaned in and kissed Cas's lips softly, lingering, his fingers playing through Cas's hair.
He blinked, trying to figure out what had just happened. She gave him a small smile and a little shooing motion.
Another slice of pain; another pleased giggle from Luke. He seemed to revel in tormenting Cas, leaving shallow cuts along his skin, his eyes lighting up dreadfully every time he drew blood. And each time, the blade would slow, press just a bit deeper for a moment. Each time Cas waited for the thrust and the pain, the inexorable, empty blackness. Then Luke would draw back just enough with a smile, a laugh, a taunt, and begin again, thinking, planning, eyes raking over Cas to find 'just the right spot,' leaving just enough time for Cas's mind to wander off to debate time and physiology and how one would cover warehouse windows.
"A little bit," Cas managed to croak through his damaged throat. Gabe hopped to his feet again, handing Cas a small cup of water with a straw. Managing to use the straw with swollen lips and an aching jaw was a challenge in itself, and Cas dropped back, exhausted long before he was sated.
"Anyhoo, the only other thing I can think of is that you're the Rebound Guy. Bad breakup, unresolved issues that he's not quite over. He likes you, but still feels attached to the previous dude-slash-ette."
"When we were at a diner a while ago during a case," he starts at length, "Jack asked to have chocolate cake for dessert. And I was going to say no, because he's not supposed to eat so many sweets. But then Dean wanted a piece too, and when they both look at me like that…"
“I said… I said I need time but. I lied.” Dean’s voice is a croak. It doesn’t even sound like him, but his cheeks heat with humiliation anyway. “Every time we—and then you leave. This happens.”
The hands go away. Dean wants to open his eyes, wants to speak, but only manages a weak groan. Everything hurts. He's so tired.
“The h-hell you talkin' ab-b-bout? Me 'n C-Cas are c-c-cool.”
“Someth-th-thin’ o-o-on my face?” Dean asks, frowning in confusion when he notices, his breath fogging in front of his face.
It feigns an attack at Cas and then goes after the kid, who Cas had been shielding until now. With only seconds to react, Dean shoulders Jack out of the way and then the next thing he knows his back hits the ground hard. Claws dig into his chest and his right arm is trapped, so he does the next best thing and fumbles for a rock with his left that he slams against the thing’s head as hard as he can.
Sam leads them back the way they came, Dean and Cas making up the rear. Cas keeps a hand on Dean’s arm, ready to catch him every time he stumbles. Everyone’s quiet, flashlights pointed at their feet, focused on every step. Dean’s knees are seriously hating climbing down the steepest parts of the trail, the pain joining the pounding in his temples. The temperature is dropping and he’s starting to shiver despite the exertion.
“Yes?”
“P-p-peach-ch-chy.”
Ashamed, he tries to turn away but Cas isn’t having it.
In the bunker, only a handful of hunters remain in the war room, talking and resting, or perusing the library. They ask how the hunt went, and inform them that Jack, Maggie, and Dean are in the kitchen.
Noticing movement to his right, Dean managed to turn his head a little bit. He saw other beds with white sheets—oh. He was in the infirmary. He was in one of the beds. And Cas—Cas was standing in front of it, his back to Dean, his angel blade in hand. There were other people—Sam. A few hunters that Dean vaguely recognized. And they were all yelling at the same time, and none of it made sense to Dean. He wished they would just go away and let him sort himself out in peace.
He’s still not really good at it, but something that Dean likes about signing is that he doesn’t have to talk out loud at all if he doesn’t want to. Plus, he just really likes talking to Eileen. She’s funny and smart and she can hold her own. Seeing her with Sammy makes Dean feel like he finally doesn’t have to worry so much about Sam’s future anymore. Especially now that her name’s etched on their family table too—that basically means forever. Right?
The hot prickling behind his eyes finally spilled over, but Dean angrily wiped the tears away. Cas had just kissed him and Dean had wanted it and now he was laying there crying about it? That would hurt Cas so bad if he knew. Cas deserved better.
“Ah! Little jerks. Love ‘em to death.” Martha chuckles while scanning their box of Krunch Cookie Crunch. Her hair is done up in a messy bun, and she’s still wearing the colorful braided bracelet her youngest gave her for Christmas last year. “How ‘bout you, how was vacation?”
“Thought you wouldn’t b-be b-b-back ‘till morning. You f-f-find anyth-thing?”
c-c-c—” He blocked hard on the last word and gave up.
body was slipping away from him, while he slipped back under cold, black water.
“I really think we should wait.”
Dean wheels himself to his room but once he's transferred onto the bed and laid down on his belly, he decides to become a shapeless blob again. It's not that warm in the room and he's taken his robe off again so he starts to shiver. But then Cas drapes the blanket over his legs and starts rubbing Dean's back with his big warm hands.
Dean’s actually awake at a reasonable hour the next morning, and he drags his whole family into the Waffle Spot for breakfast. His body still aches with exhaustion, but the memory of last night is enough to distract him from it. He can’t stop smiling, can barely keep his hands off Cas, pressed close to his side while he munches on his blueberry and banana nut waffles.
“Can’t g-g-get it right. ‘S l-l-like I’m tryna write fucking K-K-Klingon upside down with a broken ha-ha-hand.” Angrily, he shoves some of the balled-up papers away, and they roll off the table and fall to the floor. There’s tension all the way down his back and his eyes are red and glassy.
Dean’s quiet over dinner, mostly leaving conversation up to Sam and Cas. He ducks his head over his plate and glances at Cas. Sometimes when he looks up, Cas is looking at him.
“I don’t know, it’s—Dean, and it’s Jack, and—” He cuts himself off, torn between wanting to talk about it and the urge to pretend that he doesn't have to.
Cas’s shoulders slump. “I’m sorry, Dean, I should have realized.” He sounds contrite, and Dean is quick to shake his head.
The warmth in Cas's tone makes Dean smile.
Focusing bleary eyes on the alarm clock on the nightstand, he sees that they've both been out for at least four hours.
It’s been a long time since it was just Dean and Sam and Baby, parked at the side of the road, Dean and Sam sitting on Baby’s hood, watching the stars. Dean’s surrounded by his family now, and the sky is breaktaking, but he doesn’t dare take his eyes off of the treacherous ground. It’s not until they’ve fought their way up a very steep hill and Sam calls a stop so they can all catch their breath, the kid crouching down to fix a lace that had come undone, that Dean gets a good look at the tapestry of stars spread out above them.
Cas cocks his head at him and says "Dean," in a lightly scolding tone.
"Alright, big boy, sh-sh-show us w-w-what you got." He says with a wink and a leer. And then with a fond eye roll at Castiel's confused expression, "G-g-get naked, dummy."
Dean swims over to him, crossing the distance, and Cas's expression softens.
Dean tugs on Castiel’s sleeve and shifts around until Castiel is on the bed with him, sitting back against the headboard. Then he tucks himself into Castiel's side, reaching for his hand again. He seems to want to move it somewhere but is lacking the coordination.
When he’s sure the action won’t wake Dean, he carefully repositions him so that he’s lying down on the mattress and Castiel can continue his translation work. Dean immediately curls into his warmth, pushing his forehead against Castiel’s hip. To keep in contact, Castiel rests his left hand on Dean’s back between his shoulder blades.
“Then he’s going to have to find his own because this one is for you.”
“Welcome back.” The words are said with so much care, so much relief, that tears wells up in Dean’s eyes.
Jack joins them and helps them set the table, and then they round everyone up for dinner. Cas sits so closely beside Dean that they rub shoulders constantly, and Dean barely manages to eat, it's so distracting.
Throat as tight as his chest, he leans forward, head canted slightly to the side. Waiting for permission, he stops short of actually meeting Cas mouth but then Cas meets him halfway and Dean lets himself fall into the kiss, closing his eyes. The kiss stays chaste, but sweet, and lasts for so long that Dean gets a little lost in it. Every time it’s about to peter out, one of them seems to lean in again. Dean’s brain is all fuzzy by the time he realizes he’s just nuzzling the side of Cas's face, and that, at some point, he’s turned his palm over so now their fingers are intertwined.
“Could join me, y’know?”
"Not about the past," Castiel rushes to explain. "Not in the way you think. We were just… talking about happiness." Shifting his grip on Dean's hand, Castiel laces their fingers together. Rubs his thumb over Dean's ring. "About love."
“Sure, Cas.”
“Sam at the station alread-d-dy?”
"Okay, I think it's time for all tough cowboys to let their Doctor Sexys help them sleep."
Using the opportunity to get ready himself, Castiel strips out of his clothes until he’s only in underwear and then puts on one of the soft t-shirts they brought with them from home. Dean is very picky about which fabrics are the most comfortable for prolonged cuddling. Also, he has admitted that he enjoys when Castiel wears something at night that smells like their fabric softener because it gives him a sense of security and comfort, especially when they're on the road.
“You’ll see when we’re home.” She settles into the backseat again. “I’m going to sleep some more.”
“Get some rest, Dean.” Then she kisses Sam on the cheek and makes her way down the hall to their rooms, clearly giving them space to talk.
, but it is what it is.
“Where’s Jack?”
. I looked at the summary, it sounded interesting.”
Dean gets up so Cas can get out if the booth. He kind of wants to lean in for a quick peck, but Cas has his business face on and Dean tastes like chili and grease, so Dean stomps on his neediness and just sits back down. It doesn't look like the kid's coming back anytime soon and Dean is done with his burger but still hungry, so he starts in on the stew. Sam shoots him a look but his phone vibrates before he can bitch at Dean. Dean watches Sam smile down at his phone as he types, and his suspicions are confirmed when Sam says, “It's Eileen. She's just wrapped up a hunt.”
Cas has thrown his phone on the bed and started a tickle attack upon Dean's sides. In-between his breathless laughter, Dean bats helplessly at Cas's hands, but tickling always makes his limbs weak as noodles and Cas is merciless. He has to cry uncle three times until Cas stops and even then he comes really close to peeing the bed.
He leans back in, and Cas—leans away.
Slowing down, Dean parks Baby at the side of the road, leaving her in idle. Her headlights cut through the dark and illuminate the field in front of him, corn stacks moving in the wind like a storm-tossed sea.
"It's the molecules. They… get in the way of the flavor. Sometimes more, sometimes less." Cas does keep eating the cookie though. "You're a very good cook, Dean. Everyone is saying so."
Which is why, when he spots the little gift shop near the zoo’s exit, he thinks that some souvenirs would be nice.
Cas makes an impatient noise when Dean checks in with him again before actually touching him, and then he groans in a way that goes straight to Dean’s own dick as Dean’s lube-slickened fingers close around him, giving a slow pull from base to tip. Dean leans back in Cas's lap so he’s pressed against Cas's raised knees, watching in something like rapture as Cas's dick hardens further from the agonizingly slow handjob Dean’s giving him, Cas's brow furrowed almost like in pain, chest rising and falling rapidly.
Castiel has to suppress an amused smile.
When he woke up, it was to something soft and comfortably heavy being draped over his back and legs—the blanket he’d put nearby and then forgot about. His cheek felt wet and he realized he must have drooled onto Cas’s shoulder a little. Icky! But Cas hadn’t moved, so maybe he didn’t mind that much? Dean was too drowsy to puzzle that out, much less to open his eyes just yet. And then—then!—Cas put his arm around him. Held him. Safe and secure, keeping Dean close.
“She deserves to know, Dean.”
“Cas?”
Okay, so maybe Dean had been a little naive about Mrs. Butters. But she made him Rice Krispie treats! And gave him that kickass nightgown! Dean’s going to wear it every night from now on. It’s so… snuggly. And soft.
It's peanut butter and jam, thickly spread and with the crust cut off meticulously.
how long you’d already been under? To realize you’re not breathing? To be doing CPR and emergency breaths and have no idea if it’s already too late and you’re
“I’m not even gonna say anything about you driving on your own when you know how dangerous that is. I get that you miss it, okay? And I’ve told you that we’re looking into ways to make it safer for you and that I need you to have some more patience.” Mutely, Dean nods. Sam takes a breath and Dean braces himself.
It’s night by now, but not as dark as it could be with the sky free of clouds and the moon almost full. The lack of bright light at least helps a little with Dean’s pounding head.
“Bet-t-ter. Head’s not spl-l-litting open a-a-anym-m-more.” Dean rolls onto his back so he can keep his head in Cas's lap but also look at him where the moonlight is illuminating his face and half his chest. “How ab-b-bout Sam a-a-and th-the oth-thers, they ok-k-kay?” He rubs the backs of his hands over his eyes and blinks up at Cas.
Dean sits back down, nervously meets Cas's eyes.
Still a little grumpy, Castiel holds himself back from pointing out what a stupid question that is. Sam has been nothing but supportive and patient, and doesn't deserve to be the target of Castiel's ire.
His half-open door, because apparently he was so out of it he didn’t even close it all the way.
“That's it, deep breaths, you're doing great!”
It’s not a lie exactly. Dean did like the smell—cedar wood—and on the bottle it said that it helps soothe muscle aches, which Dean has all the time now, probably from being all tense.
Dean sounds defeated, and it hurts to hear. More encouragement would only lead him to bristle though, so Castiel forces himself to focus on the task before them.
Dean would rather keep doing the kissing thing but there’s something in Cas's voice that makes him pay attention. Baby creaks when he shifts in his seat and sits up straighter.
“Dean, we can’t,” Cas tried to reason with him. “If we kept going, it would have killed you. I think we got most of it and the rest will fade over time.”
“Dean?”
When they’re snuggled in tight, Dean tucks his head under Castiel’s chin and demands, “Tell me ‘bout th-the hunt. You guys save the d-d-day Ba-ba-batman a-a-and Robin style?”
“Are you, um. Decent?”
For a beat, it seems like Sam is the one who's going to throw something after all, he looks that angry. But then his expression shutters off, and he turns on his heel. “I need some air.” He grabs his key card and his phone and then marches out and slams the door behind him.
Exhaustion and headaches are two things Dean does not need any more of in his life, but he still stubbornly keeps on asking Castiel to help him practice.
(See the end of the chapter for
The soft tingles Dean's fingers left behind were a pleasant counterpoint to the pain.
"Really? I have to say that I'm a little surprised to hear that. I would think that you'd have no shortage of dates."
"And possibly we should call Winchester. Make sure he's not trying to be a hero."
"There it is, that pretty voice of yours." He leaned forward, eyes black as he gripped Castiel's chin, tilting his battered face upward. "You've been keeping it from me all morning."
. It was her prompt that was behind the first chapter, and her encouragement that resulted in me continuing. If you haven't read her stuff, you really really should. She's awesome!!
Dimly aware of the door opening behind him, he still jumped when Jody's voice broke the silence.
Empty.
Still, Castiel did nothing.
Castiel felt his cheeks burn hot. He hadn't felt so foolish in years. He set the phone down gently, and randomly shuffled through the papers in front of him. He would much rather Bartholomew had turned him down at the bar, even laughed in his face, rather than giving Castiel an opportunity to share his humiliation with a complete stranger. How could he have misinterpreted their interaction so badly?
"Just Jo fulfilling her honorary little sister pain-in-the-ass duties," Dean grumbled, blushing. He opened his hand to reveal four foil packets. "I told her it's only our first date, but..."
But he remembered Dean there. And he remembered Victor too, standing close to Dean. Cas was certain about that.
"Luke!"
"We will get him back," Bobby promised. But he looked as lost as to 'how' as Dean felt.
He knelt next to Cas's chair, his eyes focused as he lined the knife up to a long stripe he'd traced down Cas's side. Luke's breath was warm against his ear. "Go ahead and scream. I wanna hear it."
Dean groaned and looked over to the blonde standing by the bar, not even trying to hide her grin as she watched them. "I'll bet she did."
So here's the deal: I am about 5 steps past completely exhausted. I think this chapter is ready for post, but I could be out of my mind. If you see any really egregious errors (or random  to self), please let me know. I'm just worried that if I don't post it now, I won't be in a place to get it done for who knows how long....
So so so sorry for the length of time to get this up. I hit some writer's block where this story was concerned, mixed that up with a laundry list of RL upheaval, and ... Well, you all know how it goes! I'm still not entirely sure where this is going, it's kind of just revealing itself to me as I write, so, we'll see.
Slowly, fearfully, Cas tried to open his eyes. He saw.
... who was standing right next to him in the middle of a crime scene. Vic patted his shoulder and looked at Dean with a compassionate smile. "You back with us?"
"I'm in the office all weekend, but I might be able to swing Thursday. I'll let Jess know, and one of us will get back to you."
Dean stilled, finally focused on Cas. "Cas," he gasped. "Thank God ..." He surveyed the room and relaxed slightly before he eased himself off the bed and stood next to Cas. He tentatively stroked a path between the cuts and bandages on Cas's arm. "I wanted to be here when you woke up."
He tried not to think about the impossibility of what they had asked of Dean, the fact that these may well be his final memories.
He followed her silently, moving without conscious volition as she directed him into a chair in Bobby's office, mentally noting that Charlie was now tapping away at the laptop he'd been using.
A shadow crossed Dean's face as he spoke, and Castiel was tempted to argue the point. He'd only known Dean for a week, yet he was quite certain that the man was kind and caring and loyal to a fault. But even Castiel could recognize Dean's very unsubtle redirection for what it was. No discussion of dating history tonight: check. He searched his mind for a new topic.
Cas is still in trouble. But he’s got a lot of people pulling for him. Can Dean’s team find anything to point them in the right direction?
A buzz from his night table alerted him to an incoming text. He wearily grabbed the phone off the charger and looked at it. When he saw Dean's name, he pushed up on his elbow and opened the text screen.
"Dean," he said softly, partway to sitting before the tugging of wires and the IV port reminded him he was stuck in the bed.
Also, meant to do this when I posted Ch2 but I forgot to dedicate this story to
He looked over at Dean who was busy pouring ketchup over his fries and showing no interest in the question. "No, thank you. Water's fine."
"Do you know where Cas is?"
"Hey." He paused awkwardly in Bobby's doorway when he saw his captain on the phone.
"How'd it go?"
"Ah, we're heading out. It's getting kind of crazy in there," Dean replied.
"Well, it's lucky you were available."
"Hey, Dean!" She gave him a quick hug and bounced back, smirking. "So, your hottie got here a few minutes ago. I went ahead and put him at your favorite table."
A soft groan came from Dean's direction and Cas looked over to see his face tense, eyes flickering rapidly under his lids.
Wow, this chapter was my Kill Your Darlings chapter. The only resemblance it has to my original concept is the details of Dean's backstory. He and Cas really just went their own way...  The upshot of that is, however, that I have no idea what comes next! Additionally, I need to shift my primary writing focus to my DCJ BB fic; I really should have done that a couple of weeks ago, but I didn't like leaving the last chapter so open-ended.
Castiel laughed at Dean's grumpy tone. "She didn't have time to tell me any embarrassing stories, if that's what you're worried about."
So here we are. I have a vague idea of what is coming immediately next, and I am planning to take some time this weekend to try to get a handle on the rest of the story. It could be one chapter, it could be ... more.
He deserved the Empty.
Tinges of panic prickled across Dean's skin. "Kali ... "
Dean nodded. "All right. Then when I get home, how 'bout I catch us a couple fish for dinner?"
(See the end of the chapter for
He'd never really meant for it to be a 'date.' Yeah, they got along great over the phone, and cas had a wicked sense of humor, and was smart and kind. Dean had really just wanted to make sure the guy had a good time; it sounded like things had been rough lately. But then he'd seen him -- bedhead, blue eyes, and those sexy, sexy, kissable lips -- and everything had turned upside down.
They were almost to the door when Jo appeared out of nowhere and pulled Dean to the side with an apologetic look to Castiel. She hugged Dean, stretching up to whisper something in his ear.
So, this chapter is short, and kind of transitional because I think there may be plot coming around the bend. I've got a few more writing commitments (I'm trying to get something together for the DeanCas TropeFest and my annual SG1 Jack/Daniel Ficathon) for the summer, but I'm hoping to post a chapter a month for this story. Of course, I'm the poster girl for 'Best Laid Plans...' and I meant to have this up two weeks ago, so we'll see.
So, between those two things, it's gonna be a little while before I post new material for this story.
Jack closed the window on the door marked 'Winchester,' smiling with satisfaction as he walked down Heaven's corridors. Making (more of) an enemy of the Empty was worth it, and if the Empty wanted to test his new status as God, Jack would be ready.
With sneer of revulsion, Dean pushed away, sending Cas stumbling back into the bar.
"Yeah," he murmured. "Tired." He only hoped that whatever medications they had him on would pull him into sleep before any more memories resurfaced. He closed his eyes, the sounds of Gabriel unwrapping a candy familiar and comforting as he drifted off.
Dean wanted to argue just for sake of arguing, but one look at Bobby's face told him it would be pointless. It wasn't as if he was doing any good anyway. He stood.
It was beautiful.
Blurred memories -- or possibly hallucinations -- whirled around and around in his mind. He was so tired. And so uncomfortable, bandages creating uneven ridges beneath him. He closed his eyes with a sigh and gratefully fell back to sleep.
"Why are you interrupting my 'me time,' Brother?"
Castiel made a half-hearted effort to tell himself that he should continue working, looked at the stack of files, then back down to his phone. With a shrug, he settled on the couch and turned on the television.
That he had left Dean in pain was a certainty -- the lost, anguished look in his eyes was often the only visual Cas could muster. Though it drove a spike through his heart, he would hold onto it as long as possible, examine every variation of green through his irises, framed by lids rimmed red with exhaustion and fear and sorrow.
"Yeah, kay." He leaned down and gave Cas a soft kiss and pulled back, still close enough that Victor wouldn't hear if they spoke softly. "I ...." he closed his eyes and sighed. "I'll see you soon."
With a growl, he pulled the knife back and slammed it into a nearby body. He ran a hand down the battered body, stopping to twist the swollen nipples still trapped under the clamps, the chain softly clicking with the motion. "Hmmm.... maybe we should make this permanent. I'm sure I can find someone willing to pierce these beauties in return for their life."
"Yeah, whatever. What'd you want, anyway?"
Wondered if his last free choice had been just another mistake. Had the Empty taken Dean too? Had he saved him only to have him die alone at Chuck's hands in a matter of hours or days? Or had he given his universe a chance to survive when Dean, Sam, and Jack came up with a last-minute plan?
And it did turn out to be an enlightening experience, although Castiel didn't learn very much about the show. Dean kept up a series of texts filling Castiel in on the inside jokes and references to previous episodes. But it was the other texts that Castiel found himself looking forward to, at first they just came during the commercial breaks, but soon, they were carrying on a conversation through the show itself.
He lay there quietly panting, already feeling chilled in the empty bedroom. He pushed his boxers the rest of the way off, then used them to wipe his hand and stomach clean, before tossing them toward the corner of the room.
"Is that ..." Jody spoke haltingly. "Is that who I think it is?"
"noooooo...." The word came slow and slurred, carrying fear and pain to Cas's ears.
ETA (10/16/16): there is indeed more coming. I've got the next chapter roughed out and hope to have edits finalized before I leave for SPNAtl on Thursday. (Be warned that I often miss my own deadlines however :(  )
Castiel didn't get a chance to give voice to his confusion as to what exactly Dean was implying with his actions before they were interrupted by an enthusiastic, "Dean! Dude, how you been?"
The newcomer, currently giving Dean a firm shoulder slap, looked a little something like a reject from a casting call for a bad 80s movie, complete with mullet, jean jacket, and a hair-band t-shirt. Castiel tried not to stare.
blinked across the display.
"But how are you, Cassie? The nurses won't tell me anything. What happened?"
Gabriel snorted. "Dude'd have to be if he's telling complete strangers about his Dr. Sexy obsession."
"Yeah. Good call. I hate lying to their faces." With a quick shake of his head, he resettled himself and started scanning through the night's incident reports, Bobby's voice intermittently growling in the background.
"Yeah, just like you're not saying anything now. Or like last night, when you thought you'd handle this all on your own."
And that kiss. It had been like coming home, and not just in the sense that Dean hadn't kissed anyone in over a year. Even now, he was terrified by just how badly he wanted to taste those lips again, by how much he needed to feel Cas pressed against him.
"Yep, since college."
"Dean, listen, it's okay to enjoy yourself. You know Vic --"
"Mr. Novak, glad to see you awake. My name's Meg and I'm your nurse for this shift. How are you feeling?" she said quietly.
"You're such a brat," he muttered. Her laughter followed him as he made his way back to the booth.
Jo sidled up to the table just then, order pad in hand. "All right, fellas, what'll it be?"
It was Castiel's turn to shrug. "I guess I'd like to avail myself of the full Dean Winchester first date experience. After all, we kind of just fell into our texting "date" last weekend." Castiel lowered his hands quickly as he heard Gabriel's voice in his head -- 'Air quotes, Cassie? Really? What are you, a fifth-grade girl?' He winced, but Dean didn't seem to notice.
The first thing that Cas noticed was the absence of pain but he couldn't grasp why it was noteworthy. He knew that he should be in pain, but all things considered, he'd take this nice floaty feeling instead.
Dean blew out a short breath. "Okay."
Demon!Dean, Castiel
"Shut up, Sam. Just don't even go there."
It took all of Dean's years of training in control and restraint to stand still and watch the EMTs wheel Cas out of the warehouse. They had assured him that Cas's injuries were not life-threatening, and he knew needed to stay on scene for a while longer. But watching them take Cas away without him was one of the hardest things he'd done that night, maybe even in his life. Even after he'd been loaded into the ambulance, doors closed behind him, Dean kept seeing him: unconscious, covered with blood, bruises, deep gashes. All suffered at the hands of those two twisted psychos. Life threatening -- maybe not; but permanent damage -- that remained to be seen.
Castiel grinned as he replied, even though he wasn't, strictly speaking, referring to the show.
"Yeah, okay." He rubbed his eyes and smiled weakly. "But call me Dean."
Castiel couldn't resist allowing his tongue to linger on his lips an extra moment, enjoying the way Dean's eyes followed the movement. It was almost unbelievable that the man with whom he had accidentally initiated a friendship could not only be drop-dead gorgeous, but could find Castiel attractive as well. However, the heat in Dean's gaze left little room for interpretation.
Flashes of Cas' laugh, his eyes, the warmth of his hands against Dean's skin spun through his mind. He bit his lip. Hard. "It was fine."
"This is bullshit, Vic! No one has to know. I won't say a word ..."
"I know people. And I know a lot secrets."
Castiel stared at his phone in consternation. He'd been called many things in his life -- quirky, difficult, overly literal -- but never forgettable.
should change that. As Castiel stopped walking and stared at the words, another text came in.
"Don't lie to me, Dean." And hell, he hoped he'd never face her as the opposition in court. She was damn scary when she wanted to be.
He carried the cup and saucer to the kitchen and came back with some plates and paper towels. "Help yourself, man, and tell me all about it."
A kiss goodnight was obviously out of the question, and the idea of a handshake seemed awkward, so Castiel just smiled and nodded his farewell. He could feel Dean's eyes on him as he walked to his car, parked closer to the entrance. He waved once he'd unlocked the door, at which point Dean gave a nod and disappeared into the Impala.
Dean gave a half shrug. He ran his hand lightly down Castiel's arm and slipped the packets into Castiel's jacket pocket with a vague nod.
) at the broken sounds Cas made as at least one rib gave way under the steel toed boot.
"Oh, you are going to amuse me all right. One way or the other."
"You think I have a sexy voice?"
Cas nodded. "Yeah. I recognize him."
Castiel stood back to let Gabriel in. "I actually did just eat dinner, you know."
He was okay with that. In general, Cas preferred quality over quantity. He had really only been humoring his friends when he got Bartholomew's number. There was no real chance of a connection there. He was good-looking enough that Castiel considered him a pleasant alternative to his right hand for a few nights, but nothing more would have come out of that.
Cas smiled, strangely relieved that he hadn't inadvertently driven away this new acquaintance.
His brother sighed. "Okay. Why don't you tell me a little bit about Castiel, then."
Castiel looked fondly at Gabriel. "Thank you for the offer, but I'm okay. Just gonna get to bed early and see what the morning brings."
prompt: whole
The demon's jaw clenched and he tightened his grip on the knife, pressing it into the soft flesh of the angel's neck. A faint line of blood appeared beneath the blade. The angel waited.
"That's fine, Dean. It wasn't long. And your friend, Jo, kept me company for most of it."
Luke examined the blood on the knife for a moment before turning to face him with an irritated sigh.
"Sam," Dean growled.
Dean had his burger poised halfway to his mouth with a look of intense anticipation before Jo had walked two steps away. He grinned at Cas. "Prepare to experience greatness."
He watched Dean walk away, reveling in the simple perfection of their life.
Dean's eyes flicked to what he could see of the back of Castiel's head. "How hot?"
"You were."
"Hey, Cas," he finally said, forcing his words past an embarrassed mumble.
you know me better than that. Where one door closes, I pick up a sledgehammer. If I gotta, which I didn't really. I just pulled up traffic cam footage from the surrounding blocks."
Dean shook his head. "Why'd you call me, Sammy?"
"Okay, option 1. You sure he isn't seeing someone else? Could be a little cheater's guilt?"
There was a whole 30 seconds of silence before he spoke again. "So, I'm guessing you don't want to go out tonight?"
Flashes of his time in that warehouse tore through his thoughts, leaving a cold chill all through his body. "I don't ... I'll tell you later."
"I mean, you were just this stranger I met accidentally on the phone. And just because you had an incredibly sexy voice and a great sense of humor, didn't necessarily mean you were who you said you were, and not an axe murderer. Ergo... Google."
"Classic car, Cas. Classic."
"Right. But I thought we could see if any vehicles were loitering or circling... or if anything else looked suspicious."
"I'm sorry I couldn't find you sooner. I couldn't ... I didn't ..." He looked bleakly at Cas. "If it hadn't been for Victor ..."
Dean shifted awkwardly and gave a forced-sounding laugh. "Yeah, well, don't let these rugged good looks fool you. I'm actually a real ass."
Castiel pressed send on his phone before he could talk himself out of it. It hadn't been quite 24 hours yet, but that wasn't too early to text was it? It's not like he was calling. Just a quick 'how's it going' message.
"Another nightmare?"
Again, Dean was circumnavigating the truth. Cas wanted to ask what had really just happened, to offer comfort or assistance, but as he opened his mouth, he saw Dean watching him, the flush of arousal already dulling, his expression guarded and tense.
Dean, Cas
"Oh, well, that's ... satisfactory, then."
"So, you guys coming or going?" he resumed.
Cas stared at Dean -- even so obviously exhausted, still the most beautiful man he'd ever seen. And brave. His memory was a little less fuzzy and he remembered Dean shielding him when the shooting had started. He owed him his life.
His phone beeped as he was 2/3 of the way through the year-end projection in front of him. He ignored the phone until he finished reviewing the numbers.
"Why won't you fight me?" he screamed, grabbing the angel by his shoulders and shaking him violently, his fingers gripping tight into already bruised skin. He was panting with frustration when he finally stopped.
"Hey sleepyhead. Thought you were never gonna wake up."
"Cassie? You're awake! Are you awake? How do you feel? Do you need anything? Holy shit, dude, we were so scared when we couldn't find you. And everyone was being all '48 hours' this and 'legal adult' that, but I knew -- I knew something had happened."
The club. Being abducted and tortured by Luke Angelus. Dean coming to ... do what? To turn over Victor? To save him? To arrest them? His memory was a little fuzzy on the details of what had actually been said and done, mostly overshadowed feelings of fear and exhaustion and disbelief.
No immediate text pinged back. Castiel retrieved his dinner from the microwave and sat back down, waiting to feel the sting of disappointment that apparently he couldn't contact Bartholomew, but it didn't set in. If he was being very honest, his reaction was more along the lines of relief. Bartholomew had been moderately attractive, in a rather plastic sense, but there hadn't been any spark. He had really only gotten the man's number to avoid seeing the pitying looks that Gabriel and Balthazar had been giving him over the past weeks, when each night ended without their definition of success.
Throwing them a half-salute, Ash disappeared into the restaurant, leaving Dean staring pensively after him, and Castiel feeling a little lost.
"I guess there might be one or two," Dean grudgingly admitted.
"Hey, beer!" Dean finally noticed the two glasses already on the table. He grabbed the one in front of him and took a quick sip, just enough to chase the dryness from his mouth.
He stared at the angel, at the complacent look on his face, like he really believed he had any kind of impact on that screaming voice in his head. He knelt next Castiel and whispered. "Well, I think you have seriously misjudged this situation. And let's be honest, not the first time you've done that, huh?" He slapped the angel's cheek and gave him a wry grin.
"Kali, I --"
Time moved on, as much as it could in that timeless place. Cas couldn't tell how long he'd been there: seconds, years, eons. It was all the same, and would always be the same. An eternity in one moment. Every moment spread over eternity. An empty eternity.
His phone buzzed, and he reluctantly picked it up, ready to see the jibes. He supposed he'd earned it.
"The night is young," Dean lamented, wondering why exactly he had thought it would be a good idea to bring Cas here for their first in-person date.
He considered his answer and added,
Cas froze. If he didn't turn around, he could pretend, pretend that whatever this hallucination was, whatever game or trick the Empty was playing, pretend it was real. That it really was Dean behind him, sliding his arms around him, resting his chin on Cas's shoulder.
A blinding pinpoint of light seared into him, grew and expanded, surrounded him. His entire body came alive with a surge of pain, deadened nerves waking with electric shocks, his lungs aching for air, his head nearly bursting with agony as the light ripped him from the jealous Empty.
"Do you, Dean?"
He hopped over the angel and stalked to the bar, shoving the bartender's body off the surface before he grabbed another bottle of whiskey. He chugged a third of the bottle, then threw it toward the angel. It shattered on the floor inches away, showering Castiel with glass and whiskey.
"And you know how much," He yanked Castiel's head to the right. "I hate it," To the left. "when I can't hear you." And held him there, admiring the angle of his neck, the way his back stretched and twisted trying to compensate for the strain. He dropped his nose to his neck, inhaling deeply.
*********************
"So why do you do it?"
"Kinda. So I sent Claire to the bar they were at tonight to dig around quietly."
She nodded. "Take a seat, please. We can't file a missing --"
And Cas surrendered to the Empty.
He was Empty.
"Dean," Cas called again, angling himself as close to Dean's eyeline as possible
He had just started to read when his phone buzzed. He grabbed it quickly to see a reply on the screen.
She sighed. "Your partner did a wonderful job of placating them for now. And I can keep them out of your hair for a while longer. But if they haven't heard from him by around noon ..."
"Or hell, maybe he just had an intestinal issue of epic proportions and was too embarrassed to say anything."
(See the end of the chapter for
He swallowed a moment of hesitation -- making a date with someone he'd never even officially met was so unlike him. However, the way he'd been doing things had netted rather pathetic results. So, maybe it was time to change things up.
Dean blinked. "Wha... Cas, did you google me?"
"'Letting' me?" Cas's protest was lost under Victor's "Who said he has to be alone? We can have a counselor in here, or he could call a friend or relative. It's just you we need out."
Wow, I don’t even know what happened here. This just wrote itself, completely without my permission. I didn’t re-read, proofread or beta this. This is Dark. Demon Dean, non-con, torture, and general nastiness to Cas. No pretty resolution. Sorry in advance.
The nurse chuckled softly. "Well, I'll leave you two alone now."
Case Fic, worried Cas
He grimaced. If only. Then he wouldn't be in this situation, and he'd still have his new friend.
Dean suddenly flushed and pointedly looked away. "So," he said, forcing his eyes back to Castiel's, "Are we saying this is a first date?"
Dean felt trapped by her intense scrutiny. He shook his head.
He answered similarly, after taking a moment for self-assessment and another difficult sip from the water cup she held up for him. "Everything hurts ... more."
"This is your car?" Cas asked, already certain of the answer. Dean had talked about his vehicle with nearly as much pride as he spoke about his brother.
"Yeah, I know, Vic. I just ..." He laughed nervously and rubbed at the back of his neck.
Dean sat at the laptop, then leaned back to look down the hallway as if he could see what was happening in his office.
Dean parked and jumped out of the Impala, forcing himself to not slam the door in his hurry. Just because he was running late was no reason to treat his baby with disrespect. He chewed on his lip as he crossed the Roadhouse parking lot; he had intended to get here early and take a few minutes to relax before Cas arrived. Now, he was ten minutes late and already stressed. He paused outside the door to take a deep breath, trying to steady his nerves. "It's just a date, Winchester. You've got this," he whispered to himself.
In the other bed, Dean's breathing hitched, stopped, then resumed, steadily speeding up until he was panting like he was running a race.
Laughter. Dean grit his teeth. This laugh was more amused condescension than the slightly manic one earlier. He wasn't sure which one was better.
"Nice to know you're drumming up business for us, Dean!" Jo laughed as she headed back to the bar to put their order.
"Because I don't want you to kill our only leverage, you asshole!"
The first touch of Dean's tongue was electric. Castiel gasped and automatically responded in kind. Dean's hands wormed under Cas' jacket, fisting tightly in the thin cotton of his shirt, yanking Castiel impossibly closer. With a groan, Castiel let go of his tightly-held control and gave in, deepening the kiss, cupping Dean's face in his hands, angling his head for better access, tasting Dean's tongue and lips, breathing in his needy moans. For a minute, it was perfect: warm and wet and need and want. Castiel shivered when Dean's mouth skated along his jaw, the drag of his tongue promising even more.
, and I don't want a 'way out.'"
After a minute with no further messages, Castiel put his phone to the side. He let his head fall back against the cushions with a sigh. Why was it so hard to get to know people? Once he broke through that 'new person' barrier, he was fine. It was just that he didn't do well at the whole forging a connection bit. Either they clicked or they didn't. And even if he felt it, not too many people felt like navigating his particular quirks enough to get to know him better.
He stared at the lakeshore with laser focus, trying to ignore the fuzzy profile in his peripheral vision.
"Dean! Hang on." Sam's voice was garbled by whatever he was trying to hastily chew. "That's better. Sorry, thought it would ring through to voicemail. You said you had a date with that Castiel guy."
He suddenly released him, and Castiel collapsed on the floor, silent again. He stood so suddenly, his chair fell over, the clatter loud in the empty bar. He stared down at Castiel, a twist of anger(
Not wanting to meet her eyes, he scanned the parking lot behind her. He could make out the figures of Balthazar and Gabriel leaning against a car, sharing what he was just going to go ahead and assume was a cigarette. He was already juggling too many emotional and professional axes to deal with it being anything else.
"You looked like you needed it," Cas pointed out. "Actually, you look like you need a whole lot more."
Gabe scowled. "Yeah. He's the one who called to tell us you were being brought here. Apparently, he's got 'cop stuff' to do first."
Castiel gaped at his phone.
No single cut was too bad, too deep, too painful to handle individually, but the accumulation of pain was growing -- slowly, inexorably -- the pain rooting deep in his consciousness, his body, his soul. He wanted to hold out till Dean found a way to get him out of this -- but it was getting harder and harder. But what could he do? He couldn't even struggle away from the blade. Screaming was an option, but he was doing his best not to play into Luke's game, trying not to react, not to focus on what might happened. But the remnants of whatever drugs they'd given him were still making it hard to focus on anything other than the pain which cut through his mental fog just long enough to wake burning trails of neurons.
He looked up at Dean. "I'd really just rather get this over with."
Dean and Cas talk (again).
He paused, awaiting Dean's reply, but none was immediately forthcoming. He did have Dean's number and could always try again the following day, but was worried that his attentions might be unwanted. After all, all Dean really did was answer an errant text message.
They both murmured their apologies and turned back to Cas once she'd left.
"Yeah, so, Cas... this is Victor."
"I'm an attorney, Dean. I've worked with your brother. He speaks of you highly, and I have enough respect for his abilities to give you the benefit of the doubt. But I am ... concerned."
)rage across his face before he kicked him, rejoicing (
"Yeah?"
***********
"Now, what did you need, Mr. Novak?"
Castiel chuckled as he hit send, suddenly giddy.
Cas had no clue how long he'd been in the damned chair, time stretching interminably around them as Luke Angelus ... played. If there were windows, they hadn't revealed any light, which could mean it wasn't even dawn yet. Or they could be covered and days could have passed. He didn't feel hungry though, so probably not days, although he had no real benchmark for how his body reacted to torture. And really, there was no other word for it.
"I had a very good time tonight, Dean."
One thing he knew after meeting Dean -- touching him, tasting him -- he couldn't do casual with Dean Winchester.
Castiel got up when Dean did. While he certainly didn't mind avoiding the crowd, he wasn't in a hurry to end their date. He wondered if Dean would be amenable to finding some other activity they could share for the rest of the evening.
He saw Gabriel out and quickly cleaned up the small mess they had made in the living room. He tried to keep his mind off of Dean and their date as he got ready for bed, but it was useless. He considered the possibility that Dean just wasn't physically attracted to him. But then he remembered the sounds Dean made, the pressure of his arms pulling Castiel even more tightly in. Physical attraction did not seem to be an issue.
Castiel rolled his eyes.
His phone rang and
"Pretty damn. You know, for an old guy," she winked. Dean groaned. It had been over 15 years since Dean had been the object of a pre-teen Jo's first crush. His 16-year-old self had thought it easiest to let her down with 'You're too young for me.' She hadn't let him forget it since, especially once his age could be measured in quarter-centuries, at which point he'd officially earned the nickname 'Old Man' when she wanted to be particularly annoying.
He put a sad-looking frozen dinner in the microwave and stared at the stack of files he had to review. With a sigh he sat down and pulled the first one off the top of the stack.
The burger was exactly as good as Dean had made it out to be, and there was very little discussion for the next few minutes. Eventually, though, Castiel did have to initiate conversation before he exploded given the soft little moans of pleasure coming from Dean as he enjoyed his meal.
Dean shrugged, twisting his beer bottle in controlled half circles on the table. "We've had some text dates, kinda."
Dean swallowed and nodded. "Yeah, me too."
"Don't ... take ... " The lines in his forehead, around his mouth deepened, exhaustion spreading as Cas watched.
Dean nodded, confused at this kind of obvious information.
"Dean?" Castiel questioned quietly.
"Son of a bitch."
Victor rolled his eyes. "Obviously. I'm not trying to be a monster, Dean."
"Hmmmm... Maybe you really don't know ... " the caller mused. "Well, keep trying, Dean. Remember, Cas is depending on you." The line went dead except for Cas's scream echoing in Dean's mind, and he looked to Bobby, pleading. Bobby listened for a second and shook his head slowly.
