“Please,” Dean finally begged—
Dean really hated hearing Cas sound like that in comparison to the laughter he has drawn out a few times now. It was a kind of sadness that told Dean that it was a constant presence in Cas’s life.
Benny shook his head again and waved his hand.
Cas glanced back up and smiled at the memory.
Dean smirked and glanced at it before sliding off of Cas’s lap entirely.
“Just go Nathan! I don’t got all day,” the woman said somewhere from the sales floor.
“Those look like butt plugs,” Dean supplied, voice low even though the only other people in the building were two aisles away.
“Yeah—” Cas cleared his throat, looking past Dean at the sun which had begun its descent. “Yeah sorry, just a little—” he waved his hand, not really knowing what to say.
“Come on. The woods again?”
They made it loud.
“Sorry.”
The guilt over Friday night began Saturday morning and plagued Dean throughout the day. Chores sat unfinished as Dean chose to spend hours scrolling his phone on the couch with random ‘80s movies playing on cable for background noise. Dean called the day a was at two in the afternoon when he resorted to a microwaved lunch.
Without looking back, Dean buried himself in the crowd and pushed his way back through to head back to the Cinnabon counter before Cas could see him. His heart and head raced against each other, trying to out-do the other with rationalizations.
The one thing he knew was that Cas could relate to all of it, if just on a slightly different level. Neither of them ever foresaw a good future for themselves on an individual level. But, that line of thinking abruptly changed once the dust settled and they were left standing there together, willing to finally embrace the truth.
Maybe.
But the next morning, as Dean left to give a coworker a ride before the parade began, the fear and nerves all came rushing back, flooding Cas’s senses.
Cas stayed down, just in case they had to stop again.
1:58 p.m.
Cas grabbed Dean’s hips, wanting him to move a little further down. Obeying, Dean shimmied a little further down the pillows, much like last Sunday, with his legs resting on either side of Cas.
Dean stood in the driveway as Cas backed down the driveway, waving goodbye when he saw Cas raise his hand.
“It’s a good idea,” Cas conceded as he reached up to undo the sling strap over Dean’s shoulder. “But cooking might get messy.”
Dean felt hands gripping his upper arm and he was pulled to his feet by two—
Cas thought he knew what to expect, he’s watched enough videos read some articles back in college; thought he knew what it’d feel like or sound like.
“Well, I was thinking about going back to that club tonight and didn’t know if you wanted to join me. But if your schedule doesn’t—“
Dean shook his head and Cas sighed.
An awkwardness settled between them and Cas was inches away from just pushing Dean back into bed and paying for another night. He weighed the options in his head—and ultimately failed to act.
A very knowing smile.
Cas blinked, looking shocked, “You worked for—“
“I’m a little tired, I don’t know—”
But he hadn’t ever been with a man since Cas—and it was definitely not a one night stand.
He had arrived home with an hour to spare and scrambled through his room to find something that would hide the mark that Dean left. Cas didn’t have the wherewithal to complain at the time, but now faced the looming danger of someone looking at him from the right angle and seeing what laid just under his collar.
“Where did he go?”
Dean nodded.
It took half the time for Cas to wash up and he stepped out of the tub, taking a towel off of Dean’s lap.
“You did stay though,” Cas said, “So what do you think that means?”
Michael stood there, breathing heavily like  he had just run a marathon. There was a glint of something in his eyes that Cas didn’t like, and that was confirmed his suspicions that he and Hannah had been the safer choice, and that something would have probably happened to Zachariah and God forbid even Hannah in order for Michael to win, to keep his life the way he needed it to be.
Gray sunlight filtered through the gauzy curtains the following morning. The room took its time to brighten, allowing its occupants to snooze for a couple of extra hours.
Cas tried not to frown in response — he knew Dean wouldn’t be happy — but he had hoped Dean wouldn’t make a scene.
Dean looked off into the field over the back gate, anger building. The air between them chilled, and Cas wanted nothing more than to take everything back.
Cas frowned and looked at his door.
“How was it?” Dean asked, not in a teasing, playful way, but challenging—almost jealous.
“Was thinkin’ there were better things to do today when y’got home,” he mumbled.
Cas wasn’t sure how to answer that, so instead, he just nodded.
“I’m sorry,” Dean said, rushed, “I didn’t mean to—you know I guess what I was trying to say was—honestly I don’t know what I was trying to say.”
“Where’s he now? Your dad?”
The sudden transition from calm and content to jumpy and on edge threw Cas off balance as he was told by Michael to take her for a walk.
“My family had one like this,” Dean said watching Cas reach up to place it on the top of the tree. He placed a hand up there to help steady it. The angel lit up with the projected colors, almost looking like she was moving all on her own.
Sam swallowed hard, looking down at the floor. The illusion of playful teasing began to evaporate in Dean watching the reaction. Usually Sam would have cracked a smile now in any other situation.
He had intended on getting to business as they crossed the threshold but stopped one step into the cabin as the space unfolded before him.
Cas countered in his mind.
Cas hesitated, unsure how to proceed.
in Cas’s ear.
“Don’t bring logic into this.”
Dean shrugged and nodded, “Yeah you could say that. So you’re not from here?”
“Six to eight weeks,” Cas answered, grinning now, taking a step backward for everyone one step forward Dean took.
“When I dropped Hannah off this afternoon, he was looking at me strangely, and
“There’s plenty of them there, I’m sure you’ll find someone to take your mind off of Cas,” Lee had said.
1:56 p.m.
on the same page—just didn’t want to acknowledge it out of their own fear. This could have been sewed up a week ago.
“Maine sounds really good actually,” Dean said, sounding thoughtful. “I heard they have good ski resorts.”
They spent the rest of the car ride to Sioux Falls chatting about the house, making sure to keep their conversation rated G, just in case Jack woke up.
The stranger dumped the items on the kitchen island next to the chips and glanced at Dean before pulling open a utensil drawer.
Nearly an hour later, Dean began to notice Cas starting to sink in his chair a little, a frown deepening.
He waited two minutes for a response. Nothing.
As he went around the room, realizing he had nothing there he cared for, he realized also he wasn’t leaving anyone behind—anyone that would miss him anyway. Dean, while he didn’t have many of them, still had some friends in town.
“You won’t tell her,” Michael argued, glaring at Cas, “You know it won’t work in your favor. You have a responsibility towards this family which you failed at when you graduated college and decided you wanted to do nothing!”
Dean felt Cas mumble something against his shoulder.
Despite the temperature outside, they remained in the final vestiges of light that tried its hardest to illuminate the moment, unable to let each other go until they kissed each other breathless.
Michael, head still in his hands, didn’t move as Dean stood at the far end of the room, watching him.
“Answer me.”
The imaginary situation wanted to replace a faceless man with Cas, launching internal panic in Dean.
“Don’t be too grumpy tomorrow,” Cas warned as Dean moved over to stand in front of him. Dean said nothing as he leaned down for a quick, soft kiss.
It only took half a second for both of them to glance over, see the blow job orgy happening, absorb those sounds into their head, and move on—but that half-second was all Dean’s brain needed to cement the image of the men silhouetted by the back door light of the club. Those standing had their heads tilted back against the brick of the building, using their hands to guide those on their knees. The guys on the ground seemed more than eager to go wherever the men above them wanted them to go. Dean knew what the men standing were feeling, he’s been there before and it was nothing new, so instead his imagination threw itself into full gear, forcing Dean to wonder how it would feel kneeling on asphalt, out in the open without a care in the world, feeling someone else’s hands tightening in his hair as he—
Out of the two of them, only he had any kind of experience when it came to this, and it was only with women. Dean didn’t think the rules would be much different but—
They shoved the bedspread to the side, as well as the sheets as Dean moved up against the pillows. Nerves surged in him as inspiration struck. Cas watched as Dean spread his legs slightly, bending one up. No hat, no shorts—full view this time.
Clearing his throat, Dean sat up straight, trying to collect himself.
“It’s okay. I imagine it was fun.”
Cas’s hands remained in his jacket pocket and Dean didn’t make a comment. This was Cas’s surprise, but Dean’s head kept throwing out those Christmas time scenarios, Cas down on one knee, quickly followed by Dean bringing out his own surprise, also meeting him on one knee.
, Dean’s brain chided him, keeping him focused.
He didn’t know how to balance a checkbook, didn’t even remember his social security number. He had one bank account, untouched, but no idea if it could get him by. He didn’t know what products to use to clean a bathroom, didn’t know how to cook at all, and was overall useless when it came to ensuring his survival without housekeepers, Michael, and the family’s deep pockets.
Dean’s voice echoed in Cas’s head.
love? He had felt good after what Dean did, but was that love? Or just high?
Dean opened his eyes and lifted his head to turn properly to face Cas, feigning offense.
“What I’m saying is however I feel with women, it’s also the same with guys.”
all day. Forget about the parade and the glitter and the rainbows—this was the perfect way to celebrate Pride.
Cas had smiled and sat down at his desk, continuing the conversation, watching the very last traces of summer sunlight vanish over the horizon.
Dean ran his thumb over Cas’s hand, looking down at them, while Cas’s head raced.
Then, absurdity descends into your head as you try to catch whatever thought you can, hoping it can be the one that helps you.
“Why are you here though?” Cas asked, heading to the open chair but not wanting to sit down yet.
In the blink of an eye, the gunman, who had lowered his arm slightly, brought it back up followed by a flash of light. Dean’s hand went up to his chest and he crumbled to the ground.
They had kicked a handful of farmers off their land in order to build South Hill, bullied Mr. Framingham out of
Dean didn’t prompt him for the story and Cas didn’t blame him.
Dean didn’t feel anything, didn’t hear anything as he fell to the ground. Light flooded his face as the man moved and mumbled, “Shit”. Dean’s hand moved, but he didn’t control it. The man crouched down and slipped the gun into Dean’s hand, curling his fingers the warmth of the grip, moving his thumb to touch some other part before letting it go again.
“If — you can’t —,” Dean stopped to gather his thoughts. Cas felt a shiver run under his fingers. “We’ve only been here two hours. If you’re gonna do this all day I will
“I just got some tomata’s and zucchini last night outta my garden — y’all should invite your boy over, we can have a nice meal — one of my last little harvests.”
Ending where he started, Dean almost called it quits when he saw a group of young women hanging out closer to the back edge of the garden near the gate. Dean couldn’t place names, but one of them looked vaguely familiar, a local, and he could have sworn he’s seen her with Cassie a few times.
Michael would very much like to get rid of the shop, buy up the land, and put in some kind of wine and cheese store or something, Dean wasn’t sure. But Michael wanted that land on the edge of town, over by where Dean lived and worked, where a lot of them making $40,000 and under lived.
As Cas uncapped the bottle he heard Dean mumble
, not something he expected from someone new to all of it, and each and every single kiss regardless if it was brief, hardly there, or lasted for as long as they could make it.
Cas sighed and set his cup on the ground next to the lawn chair.
Standing there alone in his driveway with the crickets and cicadas, Dean’s sleep-deprived brain tried to catch up to everything that happened in the last twelve hours.
Cas smiled at the offer. He understood why Dean made it, and knew the apprehension must have been visible on his face. The darkness itself around them already stirred up a small amount of anxiety inside Cas, and going into the barn, seeing the walls he last saw while trapped in the Empty, only helped to spread the uneasiness throughout his body.
Dean had come home before covered in body paint and glitter, which took forever to get out of the carpet.
“What I recommend is pretty strong, you good with that?” the bartender asked, smirking.
“Do you need—” Cas started but Dean stopped him.
Dean laughed, “I didn’t. It was one of the goons I’m friends with, but I’m not mad they did it.”
“Dean lives on the south side. Michael wants to demolish that whole side of town, and I guarantee you those plans include threatening Dean to surrender his property. He already did it with three others in town when he built the shopping area.”
“She asked me why I didn’t like her very much—which isn’t true. I do like her. I think she’s nice, but not like that,” Cas started, keeping his eyes on the garden gate that swayed in the small breeze. “I told her that I did like her, and that everything kind of happened too fast, I didn’t have time to adjust—and then she asked if we had a future together.”
”. It was over drinks when Cas stopped home for Christmas at 16 years old. He never forgot about that conversation and it too had played a factor in him deciding that yes, he’d go and become a priest. It wasn’t the only reason, but it nestled itself in with all the other ones about faith and devotion. Priests don’t get married, don’t have to date, don’t have to be pawns in their family’s game of—
The texts were mostly photos. Cas sat on his bed and scrolled through them, feeling his breathing return to normal.
“Yes it is, but it’s happening, or I mean he has to propose by next month or something.”
“That’s random,” Dean said, scanning the sky again.
He sat Cas down on the other side of the dining room table, together but apart, and sat straight up, like someone stuck a pole in his back. The look in his eyes already told Cas that it wasn’t going to be good news and that he wouldn’t be able to say no.
“It’s not yours either.”
When Cas approached, Joshua didn’t look up, instead handing him a garden tool.
“Are you already asleep?” Dean asked, hanging the robe up on the back of the door.
But at the same time, it told Cas that while he had been slowly thinking about a future with Dean and what that may look like, Dean was very much rooted in the present and wasn’t even thinking about where their relationship, whatever it was they had, was going.
But his mind provided plenty of images of maybe that night, his own hands moving across it as Cas wound up being the one gasping—
The feeling never failed to help ground Dean and to help remind him just how much they’ve gained over the years, how much they really did deserve any and all happiness and stability that came their way. A simple heartbeat to anyone else was a steady stream of comfort and love coursing Dean, always bringing him back to the moment. Gratitude, wonderment… joy. All of it.
The words hung in the air between them and were almost so tangible that Dean could reach out and grab them. The awkward silence that followed made Dean wonder if Cas meant to say that out loud. Dean’s brain tried to catch up with the new information.
“And Dean’s happy?”
Dean took a swing, and Michael dodged it, also throwing out a punch—missed.
Cas tried grasping at Jack’s implied meaning but came up empty. There’d still be movie nights, dinners, helping Jack with his school work, summer vacations to—
“I don’t think I have any questions, at least none are coming to me.”
Sighing, watching the clock, Cas adjusted the bag on his shoulder and started to walk to the door.
“You probably should have talked to an accountant.”
He actually had no idea.
“No. I’m just—“ he lifted a hand out of the water, trying to find some words, “I don’t know.”
He smiled as Dean adjusted again, pointing the telescope more to the north.
But, looking back up the small hill, a sea of people waited for them.
“I bought a house about a month ago, outside the city,” he started, trying to keep his voice steady, “And it’s not a big house, but it’s too big for one person. I was hoping that when your lease is up, you’d want to maybe join me and—”
He hadn’t been on dates in his life, but he’s seen movies and tv shows, he knew the imagery matched—
And yet, every year since Cas had met Dean, he did. The previous three years, Dean had come home with bright eyes, a wide smile, and energy that still needed burning off which led to an active evening for the both of them.
And for Lee, Cas learned that selling Dean out to both Zachariah and Michael paid more than being a bartender at a country club in Kansas.
Dean started to tap the wheel again as the sun set below the mountains and they continued driving.
Joshua’s words echoed in Cas’s head, rolling around and finding a rhythm, demanding to become a cadence.
Dean took out his phone and glanced at the time.
The only other time they couldn’t wait until the end of the day while at the fair was their first time there together, nearly a year after Dean rescued Cas. They managed to maintain some sense of decorum since then, but Cas this year just couldn’t hold it back.
Before he came, Dean had decided he deserved to have a little more fun that night. It’s what lead to the confirmation that this would probably have to be the last time he visited. He could only push the envelope so far.
The three of them each had their own pint of ice cream in front of them, helping to keep the mood light.
He became caught in the space between “I love you” and “but just not enough to follow you”. Dean understood that once Cassie had decided to leave, whenever it would be, the conversation wouldn’t be pleasant.
“Mrs. Gonzalez told me she goes to see her daughter every other day for lunch and dinner, and Mickey and his wife went to California for a week or something,” Cas answered, walking up alongside Dean and looking at the empty houses.
Cas didn’t answer as he looked down and pressed his middle finger against Dean with a little more force than earlier, trying to keep his breathing steady. After a moment of resistance, Cas succeeded. Dean inhaled sharply and closed his eyes. Cas paused, looking back up.
He was almost at the cabin, not feeling even a modicum amount of tired, running on pure determination to find Dean.
“Hey, it’s Benny,” the phone said and Cas took his eyes off the road, opening his mouth to talk. “You got my voicemail, I’ll get back to you soon.”
But now, the barn looked like a haunting reminder of everything unpleasant.
Said phase needed that bubble to stay, a place where after they were done with a shift at the roadhouse or a shift at the library or the food bank in Abilene after they were done with a case—a rare outing for them but still happened—just a place where Dean and Cas could go and rest and take each other in without worry or distraction.
Immediately butting up against those memories was the one that came after. Cas’s obligations, his reality, their reality—
“I don’t want to be rude or anything but I never expected you to be in a place like this,” Dean shouted over the music.
“Cas?” Hannah prompted him, frowning. He cleared his throat.
“I met him at the party when I came home. Then he invited me to a cookout, and we talked, a lot, that’s when I—please don’t tell anyone I told you he likes—” Cas said suddenly, knowing Joshua wouldn’t but just in case.
“I know she didn’t give that to you,” Zachariah hissed, keeping his voice low.
But today, he was shopping for his we-all-finally-have-a-weekend-off cook-out extravaganza as well as annoying Benny with a birthday party. It had put Dean in a good mood following the disaster the previous Saturday. He hadn’t had all his friends gathered in one spot in a few months and it was a perfect way to chill out and not think about things for a while.
The words pushed through the noise in Cas’s head that prevented the permission needed to explore what needed exploring.
“When we get home I want you,” Dean continued, his hand continuing the same pace but still driving Cas further and further to the edge with his words. “I want you to fuck me, slow, fast, I don’t care. I want to feel you. I want to feel it for days. I want you on your knees again with my cock in your mouth. You enjoy it so much and you look so
He couldn’t finish the sentence and waved his hand in the air.
“Sorry.”
Cas looked up at Sergeant Mills whose face had gone stony.
“Yeah, he said the Grays wanted to build there but that was property Michael wanted to develop himself and then said once he got it, the Grays would keep trying to find spots he wanted to develop on, making him have to move fast, potentially losing money,” Cas explained.
He was always jealous of Charlie in the sense that she could do whatever she wanted when she wanted to do it. Even in a small town like Worthing, she didn’t care about hiding herself. In this group, she knew she was safe, but even at her job or around town, she’d openly flirt with women at bars on the outskirts of town or be extra friendly at the supermarket. Only one person ever gave her a hard time and that was, predictably, Michael.
The silence threw him off, but Dean didn’t want to turn the TV on. Nothing less sexy than medicare commercials when you’re in the middle of it all.
Dean guided him into a gentle kiss, a welcoming gesture after what felt like a whole week rolled into one day.
“Cas! I’d ask how are you but I just saw you—”
Exhaustion had started to settle over Cas when he looked over at Dean, still asleep, still handcuffed. He looked small, scared even in sleep—a direct opposite to the previous morning as they woke up together in the soft sunlight.
You don’t know that.
No one at the table would refute their relationship, they never had before, nor would they speak out against their decision. However, Cas could preempt their confusion. It’d be the same confusion Sam had, and the same kind of confusion both he and Dean had when admitting to themselves they never thought they’d have a ring around their finger.
Cas was silent for a moment before, “You were bad in bed?”
Dean laughed as he turned around to pick up the bags, “I should have figured. Make the tree pretty!”
Cas had to decide which route he wanted to take—they were all good but they didn’t have infinite stamina. And at the end of the day there were still things he didn’t know.
Shifting, uncomfortable, Jack glanced at the door before looking at the floor, “I don’t know, just—anything?”
Cas kept wondering if Michael would wind up being charged. Most likely not, since he had never laid a hand on Dean and told police he didn’t know Zachariah was going to assault Dean’s friends or shooting Dean himself—but if they linked him to knowing why Zachariah came to a spit of a town in Kansas in the first place, there’d be no buying his innocence.
But it didn’t stop his mouth from moving anyway.
In the end, Dean had agreed to stay, ensuring his father he’d keep the house, the property—everything… not realizing he was falling into the same trap his father was, and his father before that, and his father before that—
But even then—even saying what he had thought was important—
He immediately scrambled off of Michael, trying to catch his breath and calm his heart.
Dean surfaced after a moment and used his hand again. He sounded out of breath.
Hookups were fun and quick and lasted a night with no real memories. Going to a field to look at stars and sleep in the back of the car together was not a hookup. It wasn’t a quick thing then bing, bang, boom, you’re done. It’s a morning after with no quick escape; it’s a night with no exit plan if you didn’t like the person.
“I’ll be right back, here,” he handed the bag from William Sonoma to Dean, turned, and walked back down the other way.
Smirking Dean squeezed Cas’s hand.
“Alright, sounds good. I’ll drive this time. I can pick you up around eight.”
Cas’s emotional rollercoaster came back, first the high of Dean saying he wanted to go, then the low of Dean’s fears—but Cas was back on the incline, feeling almost giddy as he realized what was about to happen.
They fell into a brief silence and Cas glanced over at Dean who took a moment for himself.
It was Dean’s turn now, feeling scared of allowing himself to be so happy, knowing if it were any other time that the happiness would be snatched from him. Cas expected his turn would be coming up shortly, perhaps when the distraction of a bunker full of people would be gone.
During that date, they agreed on a third date that Saturday to rent boats on the nearby lake and cruise around for the afternoon. Cas still let Hannah lead him to wherever she wanted to go, having no clue himself.
“Not friends—none of these people are my friends, I don’t know who any of them are. I don’t even know who you are.”
But that ingrained sense of foreboding always caught them at some point, even if it was just a flash.
Cas knew he probably shouldn’t have been the first one to do this. Dean was the one usually in Cas’s position, he probably had a built-in level of control.
“I’m fine in here, I’ll go out shortly. I’m in the middle of a conversation.”
Dean turned to look at their little farmhouse farther down the road — a small building in the distance. He smiled as he saw Cas running around the yard with Miracle.
“Michael let me take it,” Cas explained as Dean ran over the chair he had sat in during two very important conversations. “He offered some more things but I wanted that—and one of the armchairs that my mother liked.”
He wondered if he ever would be.
Serious, emotional rollercoaster ride was over. Sexy, fun ride was about to begin.
But someone
Cas smiled but said nothing, looking down at their hands, ready to go.
Just before Dean could step into Cas’s space, Cas turned and walked into the bedroom.
He slammed on the brakes, stopping in the middle of the road. Joshua had never sounded like that before.
Cas didn’t want to go back to town—but Dean’s eyes had lit up, regaining that bright spark in them when Cas floated the idea of going back to get the telescope. It was the first pure measure of happiness Cas had seen in several days from Dean, and he couldn’t say no to that.
“Sorry — just taking the dog for a walk,” he said, pointing out the obvious.
“You bought yours first.”
“After yourself?”
“Oh—okay. Are you still up the street?” Cas still sounded groggy.
When Saturday’s party arrived, Cas hid as much as he could. People introduced themselves with smiles of pearly white teeth and leathery, overly tanned skin, and he had his fill of repeating the same story again and again.
But when Benny put forth the hypothetical Dean had been trying to avoid, asked Dean if he could go through the rest of his life without Cas, without lazy mornings together, without bonfire confessionals, without their games, and without that smile—
“Yeah, well—“ Cas paused, “I had an off day. But I wouldn’t mind just going out and doing something tonight.”
Ice filled Cas’s veins as he stared off into the darkness.
But he didn’t. He kept the adrenaline-fueled fantasy to himself as he hiked up his bag and walked out of the building without looking back.
If it was Dean, it would have stopped.
He could relate.
“I’m sorry—what?”
Stay in Worthington, fighting against Michael and Zachariah and by default, Cas; dragging himself through court, just to protect what he never thought he had to defend in the first place.
Pushing everything aside, pretending he was a normal man in a normal situation, the fact was that Cas really liked Dean, and was certain Dean returned that feeling to some degree.
It didn’t matter that Dean at that moment didn’t see what Cas did. He just had to try and not let Dean slip through his fingers.
“Yeah I’m okay,” Dean said, clearing his throat, answering the unspoken question, “Just trying to brace myself to be psychoanalysed by Sam whenever he figures it all out.”
Cas didn’t say anything because yes, he’d like to go again, as soon as possible.
“If you have any extra room in your car, I was hoping I could go with you.”
Instead of driving further down the street to Dean’s house. Cas pulled over to the side and answered, just to make it seem like he wasn’t about to barge in on Dean’s afternoon regardless if he had answered his phone or not.
Where no one could find them.
Dean’s future hung on his ability to restrain himself.
Charlestons required caution; they required a special kind of walk and talk to not anger them—and if you did—
Dean ceased all movement and put his hands up to show he dropped his things. He knew this would happen. He knew it would happen, he knew it he knew it—
3:45 p.m.
Cas took another sip of the God-awful drink.
Gratitude and disbelief flooded Dean as he automatically leaned forward to catch Cas in a kiss. He wished stronger words than “Thank You” existed—the excitement coursing through his body didn’t match that sentiment. The gratitude ran deeper than a simple “Thank You”.
Cas hummed in response but said nothing as he took Dean’s hand, pulling it over to him and placing it on his chest. Dean held still, resting his hand there and feeling Cas’s heart under his palm.
It didn’t.
Cas stepped back from the doorway and glanced over his shoulder back out into the open field behind them, lit by the moonlight, seeming bright as day compared to the darkness of the barn. The panic started to rise to an uncomfortable level.
“Are—you sure?” he asked, hesitant like that one question would throw everything off.
Dean kept quiet but a grin bloomed on his face as he let go, instead holding onto the back of Cas’s legs, keeping him spread wide.
“Let’s go in,” Cas said, ignoring his own fear in lieu of having Dean’s support. His brain unhelpfully tried to recall the nightmares he’s had since returning from the Empty but Cas forced them aside. The fear that things still weren’t “real” lessened day after day, week after week, as Cas stayed around Dean and the rest of their family — how it was supposed to be.
“Are you saying I’m an idiot for doing that?” Dean said, both of them knowing that’s not what the argument was.
“I’m all ears,” Dean smiled, but also hoping the conversation wouldn’t last too long. He needed Cas on top of him before he took care of business himself again.
“That’s what I’m saying, maybe they’ll have our backs,” Benny had explained.
He felt, rather than heard, Hannah sigh next to him and he tensed, bracing himself.
“Honest to God, I just was just concerned, she hadn’t answered my phone calls,” Dean explained, stretching the truth slightly. “I thought she was in here.”
“You know what you’re doing?” Dean asked as Cas grabbed the bottle.
Cas sounded serious and Dean worried it was another Hannah thing—the absolute worst buzzkill he did not need that day.
And Michael had now turned Cas into a strategic piece to move against Dean, trying to strike a final blow while Dean was all alone and probably already had his back up against the wall for some time.
uncle, that man, was trying to arrange a marriage to. Me and her.”
But the doctor and nurse finally came to get Cas and led him to Dean’s room at the end of the hall.
“What’s going on with you?” Dean asked, growing annoyed with Lee’s attitude. “You look like someone just killed your cat.”
Castiel understood that Dean also blamed him for what happened because Castiel didn’t know how to say no.
“So if I seem reluctant, it’s probably just because I had never thought about anything like that.”
Part of the decision was fueled by guilt that he told someone else before his own friends, but the larger part that drove Dean to divulge was another level of guilt about Cas in general.
He looked up and saw Cas nearby, frowning as he looked farther down the highway. It was the combination of the hat, the coat even though it was hot as shit outside, and that all-to-familiar expression that made Dean automatically take out his phone. Before Cas could turn or even realize what was happening,
They weren’t going to last until the end of the day, let alone until lunchtime.
As he turned the key, he looked up through the windshield onto the road. No one. Holding his breath, he looked in his rearview mirror. Also no one.
“He has to get married,” Dean said, keeping his eyes on the table. The words sounded wrong in his mouth.
Yes, he was in love.
“Your face is betraying your words you know,” Cas said quietly, reaching out to still Dean’s hand, still worrying at the thread.
“I don’t know what it is,” Cas said.
Dean shook his head and reached out to grab Cas’s hand.
Dean sat back in his seat as they headed down Route 116.
Fear and panic flooded Cas as Zachariah’s face morphed from that unnerving, crooked smile to downright fury.
The woman nodded, contrite.
“I understood at a pretty young age that I’d never get to this point in life, not just this,” Dean held up the box, “But even making it to this age, this—everything. I don’t think it’s a shock to you I didn’t really plan on living past thirty. I mean—I almost didn’t, several times. And then just—with everything—point is, I never planned on getting to any of this. I didn’t even allow myself to think about it.”
“Just lay still, okay?”, he murmured. Cas swallowed, feeling Dean’s lips against his skin.
Benny sat back down and held up a finger as Dean made to say something.
“What are you talking about,” Cas asked, fearing he already knew the answer.
For Dean, defacing the pride and joy of the Charleston family was his punching bag.
Sergeant Mills, when looking back over the video, had pointed out that Dean tried moving in the split second he could before Zachariah fired.
Dean’s brain began shouting at him to leave before he got trapped in there and Michael found him. Lady luck would soon grow tired of his toeing the line.
His body moved before his brain could even think about stopping him.
“No.”
Cas couldn’t look at him. His eyes couldn’t focus on anything.
“I’m sure you two talked a lot about yourself that day,” Zachariah said, now looking directly at Cas, right in the eyes, the cold smile fully in place. “It’s always wonderful to see when two people have that kind of connection. You never know what kind of things come out on the first meeting.”
For a moment, Dean thought Michael would reach behind him to the butcher’s block and throw something at him with how red his face got.
Dean almost passed by without a sound but the man’s dog caught a sniff of Miracle and let out a lazy boof before laying its head back down.
Jack’s frown lessened slightly but he still stared at Cas with trepidation etched into his face. Cas didn’t blame him. Usually “we need to talk” wasn’t followed up by good news.
And multiple hookups happened. Dean reminded himself of that over and over as the week went on.
The previous night, his last at the hospital, Dean had asked if Cas would be ready for it, and Cas didn’t hesitate in his confirmation.
Cas ran a thumb, the only truly free finger on his hand, all over, pressing down in some areas more than others. When he dragged it over the top, Dean snapped right back to where he was before Cas had lifted off of him.
Another thing he underestimated, or couldn’t predict accurately, were the overwhelming emotions that came along with it all. He knew it would feel good, that was a given, and they barely scratched the surface of what’s possible—but what Cas felt ran deep, beyond
Dean leaned over and bumped shoulders to get his attention.
Dean took out his phone and Cas saw him bring up a chat with who he presumed was Benny and Lee.
“Very much so.”
A lonely barn with a rusted metal roof that looked like it hadn’t been used in years sat about a hundred yards off the road with an equally lonely tree right next to it. Inconspicuous to most who drove by, Cas assured Dean that if someone pulled behind the barn, they wouldn’t be seen by travelers.
dared Cas to come down and get it from him, face to face. He wanted to see the smile up close to replace the image of Cas appearing dejected in the car.
Hearing Cas was fine; Seeing Cas standing there, half in the dark, was fine. But as soon as Dean stepped forward and drew Cas in, the first very new and raw memory flashed before him. The quick still frames of moments reminded Dean of when carried Cas back into that cabin. He had wanted to do it alone and every footstep he took felt like he had cinderblocks around his ankles, not letting him go in there.
Cas frowned, this time turning around fully.
Dean looked over at Cas with a reassuring smile.
“Dean?” Cas answered the phone, his voice hoarse. Dean did wake him up.
“Which one am I taking?”
But instead, Dean slid his hand into Cas’s and gave a reassuring squeeze as they watched the rest of the parade.
Finally, Dean sighed and moved to lay down next to Cas, looking absolutely wild. His hair was completely mused, cheeks red, and mouth a little swollen. But, a bright spark remained in his eyes and he had a small smile on his face.
A voice sliced through Dean’s thoughts as he stared at the ground and he looked up. Cas stood in front of him, trying his hardest to keep a straight face. Dean cleared his throat, having to look back down again, otherwise
Dean sighed and continued, “And Michael—he and I have had our moments.”
He ordered a pound of fudge, four large candy necklaces which Cas eyed suspiciously, and some sachets of Fun Dip.
“Merry Christmas—why are you up so early?” Jack asked, taking the spoon out to fish for the remaining marshmallow.
Cas couldn’t help but hold his breath while he saw Dean work over the meaning of him staying in his head. The hope, the wish, the honest to God prayer going through Cas’s head that they were on the same page surged in him.
“Please get up here,” Dean corrected himself. Cas smiled at Dean’s shaky voice as he wiped the back of his hand over his mouth.
Dean couldn’t get the key card in thanks to his unsteady hand, so Cas gently took it from him, slid it in, and opened the door.
Cas didn’t let go, not right away, making sure the job was truly done. A dull ringing filled Dean’s ears as he relaxed back against the pillows, watching Cas’s face now instead of his hand.
“What?”
Cas waiting an extra moment to see if Dean would get it; he wasn’t going to prompt him. Dean frowned with thought, and Cas sighed, looking back up.
It only took a few minutes to get to the barn which sat at the end of a long driveway in the middle of a field on N 2100 E Road. It still stood silent and alone against the clear night sky. Cas shut the headlights off as he rolled down the dirt path, letting the moon guide him. Dean stayed silent the entire time.
Panic struck Cas at that moment and he tapped the back of Dean’s head to get his attention.
But Dean saw the fear and desperation in Cas’s eyes, and immediately recognized it as someone who was crying out to be listened to. It was the want, the absolute need to confide in someone, anyone, otherwise you’d go crazy. It was a look Dean’s no doubt had on his face several times throughout his life.
“We’ll figure it out,” he assured Cas, who smiled at the use of “we”.
Joshua smiled and leaned forward, patting Cas on his hands.
“You didn’t seem to enjoy the place last night,” Dean said, taking slow laps around his kitchen just to move around.
“How did the conversation with Jack go?” Dean asked after a few minutes of silence, sounding nervous breaking the silence as he picked at a loose thread on the comforter.
“Essentially.”
Past the dining room, Dean walked into the sports bar area. The place had one window, six large flat-screen TVs, and two bar counters on either side of each other. Those who didn’t want to go golfing, or wanted to watch football in the dead of winter without their wives, would flock to that room. The leather chairs and walls smelled of stale tobacco but the resin counters remained scratch-free and the bottles shone, even with the minimal light. On the walls hung more animal heads and trophies.
“There was a long line—”
Cas stopped, confused, “Well my family’s worth is—”
That’s just how it went.
“Is that a real question?,” Dean answered before brushing his lips against Cas’s, still playing. He reached back and guided Cas’s hand further down to where it really needed to go.
“So what’s going on?” Cas asked. Dean couldn’t look at him.
Michael didn’t bother Cas for nearly four hours. He didn’t come back up the stairs to talk to Cas, didn’t try getting in his room, didn’t try to talk to Cas about proper behavior around Zachariah. Cas dreaded meeting with the man again, trying to swallow the
The walk to Benny’s room at the end of the hallway seemed endless with Dean forcing himself to walk, tuning out the beeps of code machines and the quiet conversation of nurses.
“Are you good?” Dean asked, voice still hardly above a whisper. Cas tilted his head so he could see better, and saw Dean eager to go, but holding back—just in case.
Michael’s goal was to deny both of them a happy and loving life.
“Hm?”
Dean released the float from under him and forced Cas back up against the pool wall.
Benny slept propped up against his pillows, breathing steadily and He was asleep, propped up on his pillow. Dean stayed next to the curtain, taking in the rest of Benny not obscured by a sheet. The rest of him was fine, except for another small scrape on his shoulder, matching the one on his face. No bruising in his wrist or neck, no signs of a struggle—
But after two years, going onto three, the fear they would not make it together was gone. Instead of fading, their feelings only grew as they learned more and more about each other. There were no obstacles or third party instigators—
“Not out here,” Cas laughed, “They have a mosquito problem and I don’t want that to become
“Do you want to go to confession, or do you just need to talk?”
Sometimes their methods wouldn’t work and they’d have to spend the entire night, and often times the rest of the day, holding onto the other one like clinging to a tree during a raging flood—just hoping to make it out unscathed.
Cas waited until he couldn’t feel his heart in his throat anymore before he popped open the chatbox.
He didn’t know if that sense of east made him naive or desperate.
“If no one says anything, how long do you think it’ll take Sam to notice?” Cas asked.
Dean had reached out and ran his fingers over it, forcing himself to remember every minute of that night. Sam locked himself in his room; Dean unable to defend himself; his dad spitting insults at him—but the bottle—the bottle was when Dean didn’t know if he would make it out unscathed.
“I meant to ask this last night but you got me distracted,” Dean said, “How are you so good at this when you’ve never been with anyone?”
Dean nodded his head as he reached behind him, tapping Cas to gain his bearings before slipping his hand between them. Cas had to close his eyes again as Dean shifted himself forward a little more, guiding Cas to brush against him. Dean had to be sore, Cas knew that much, but when he reached a hand down and felt where to go, Cas easily slipped a finger, then another, into Dean.
“Hey, hang on a second,” Dean said, causing Cas to stop and turn around. They had spent so long in the dark, Dean had forgotten how good Cas looked in the light, even if it was an unflattering backyard spotlight and Cas was slightly burnt from the sun. It wasn’t the same image as that afternoon when Dean tried his best to keep his eyes off Cas, but it still did the job.
What if I go too far?
Joshua hummed and leaned back in his chair and crossed his arms.
“How can you—how —” Cas tried to form the question in his head but the words caught in his throat.
Zachariah mumbled how boring it was.
Narrowing his eyes, Michael took a deep breath and Cas braced himself.
Dean’s eyes stopped on the jewelry store across the way, sitting on another corner with its large, tinted windows spanning the entire shop. There were several people in there, helped by the workers, but one of the shoppers looked familiar.
“Sounds like a good idea,” Dean said as he leaned back in, a little quicker and deeper. Cas responded in kind, letting go of Dean’s hand, freeing it up to wander where it really wanted to go.
Cas didn’t answer, but they knew it was the truth.
Cas did what he was told, and continued.
He did want to see everything and he was an idiot for filling the tub up too much.
“I almost lived like you once,” Reynolds said next. It took Dean a moment to process what he meant. Lived like you as in “I almost lived with another man” instead of “I too hunted monsters, defeated God, and now in a relationship with a former angel of the Lord.”
Dean decided as he slowly pressed himself into Cas, smiling at the deep, satisfied groan Cas rewarded him with, that a few aches and pains were worth it for the weekend they had ahead of them—and it certainly wasn’t going to stop him from any encore performances later in the day. Not when those little gasps and moans from Cas were so delightful to hear.
It had quickly dissolved, as soon as Cas put on a pair of trunks that were too tight, into forgetting about the suits altogether and instead pressing up against each other, hands sliding downward with determination. Dean, ever since it happened, never forgot the stinging cold of the wall against his back as the same fire ripped through him then. The harsh fluorescent lights didn’t let them hide, and the gaps under the stalls made it so if anyone had walked in, they would see two men standing very close together in one small stall.
Cas pushed back the melancholy to focus. The heavy summer air encased them, sequestering them in their own little world where they were allowed to be themselves with no barriers or restraints. They only existed in this room.
And Dean couldn’t pinpoint why the fuck he cared so much.
They stayed there for a moment, readying themselves when Dean once again tapped on Cas’s back.
The story wasn’t finished.
Cas absorbed the words but couldn’t bring himself to say anything. He couldn’t think.
“Look through there,” Cas instructed before taking a small step back.
“The man?”
He had to go to the cabin. If Cas was there, then Dean could explain everything that had happened.
Michael shoved Dean against the brick wall next to the booth with more force than Dean had expected, bumping his head. Benny shouted something, but Dean couldn’t hear it with the ringing in his ears. He reached up and felt the back of his head. No bleeding but he’d definitely have a bump. Something fell out of his pocket as Michael forced him backward and Michael kicked it hard enough in the other direction as it crashed into the wall.
He didn’t make an effort finding Michael at all, and instead took up shelter inside the back garden kitchen, usually used for parties like this but Michael had decided to get catering this time around.
And the fact remained that they had more in common than maybe previously thought.
Dean smiled, but a sense of sadness persisted. He paused before moving his head up, turning it to place a soft kiss on Cas’s mouth.
Dean grabbed it and wrote a note:
“Is it that boy that’s been over y’alls house ev’ry now and then?”
Dean shook his head, turned, and picked up Miracle’s leash.
“What? Spoken with Dean? Went out with him that night?” Joshua provided.
“I know you’ve only been home for a short amount of time, but there’s something I need you to do at your party tomorrow,” Michael had said.
Reynolds looked up and narrowed his eyes at Dean who held a hand up to show he posed no threat.
“Alright,” Dean answered, amused by the bright, eager spark in Cas’s eyes, “When you’re done can you get a fire going?”
They both knew the answer to that.
Cas didn’t disagree with that sentiment and felt the cracks deepen. He had what had to have been the best twelve hours of his life, and he hated how fast it was about to be ripped away.
Sheriff Mills’ face didn’t help to keep him calm, showing him that same kind of pity expression he had grown to hate over the last week.
At first, Dean wasn’t sure Cas was going to say anything as he stayed silent, staring at the fire. Dean could see his eyes tracking the embers as they flew into the sky.
At the time they met, Cas hadn’t thought Dean was also active in the community as well. Dean had three or four friends who would classify themselves as gay or lesbian or somewhere the “alphabet spectrum,” as one of Cas’s brothers had called it, but other than that, Dean hadn’t seemed like the person who would dress up in rainbows and glitter for one day out of the year and mingle with others of the same caliber.
Cas sighed and shut the phone off, turning over so he faced Dean who hadn’t opened his eyes yet.
Dean’s imagination, carrying already so close to the edge in what had to be the shortest time on record, suddenly threw on the brakes and offered Dean something new.
, he told himself as he opened his eyes, staring out the window in front of him. The voice was correct, Cas knew it, but it didn’t stop his racing mind.
“This is a pride festival, not the bank,” she commented.
Cas smiled as Dean pressed his mouth against the corner of Cas’s jaw, breathing shallow with short gasps thrown in. It wasn’t anything special, but under the circumstances,
They stayed in bed for another half hour, not engaging in anything too exhausting but settling for soft kisses and hands wherever they needed to be. They didn’t need music this time, now used to their own sounds and rhythm. It took them only one night to learn how to fit together, and they did so with ease and purpose.
“Sure, that sounds great,” Cas replied, trying to feign some kind of enthusiasm. He didn’t care much for musicals, particularly Grease. He had watched it once in prep school because the other boys liked the scene where the girls are in their nightclothes, but he hated the overall message of the story.
It wasn’t the same at all.
“I can a hundred percent guarantee you I am not from the city, and I do actually know a thing or two about fixing engines,” Dean pointed out, wondering why he was trying so hard. Half of him wanted to turn around and leave Reynolds to it, hoping he didn’t have a heart attack.
Inside were shelves of junk food from popcorn to candy and everything in between. Dean grabbed a thing of skittles and ripped it open, trying to figure out how to get to the next step in the conversation. He cleared his throat and stood by the island.
Cas didn’t grant Dean’s request at first, still wondering if he could win the third round of their game, and instead let his fingers explore. Dean inhaled and arched his back slightly and Cas couldn’t hold back his own smirk that time.
By the time he reached his room, Cas couldn’t catch his breath, heart pounding in his ears. The ringing also returned.
“What?” Cas asked, out of breath. Dean didn’t answer but kept his eyes on the spot before moving his gaze back to Cas’s face, grabbing his chin once more to turn it.
Jack examined it and Cas almost thought about taking it off to show him the inside, but the selfishness of wanting to keep the inscription inside to himself and Dean caused Cas to keep it on.
Through the open window, they could hear the festival somewhere downtown with booming music riding the summer air.
“Yeah — but things were different in the sixties and he and I parted. Next I heard from’im was he wrote me some twen’ney years later. He was sick, and dyin’.”
thoughts earlier, Cas bought it. Hearing it out loud, then hearing one of Dean’s friends call him a coward—that broke the suspension of disbelief.
Lucky.
The three of them had the day trip to the lake planned for a few weeks, but after his conversation with Cas the other day after everyone from the cookout left, Dean decided that he would finally tell his friends what was going on.
Dean began picking at the napkin under his untouched drink. It didn’t feel like he had any experience at all now. Not with this. Not with any of this. Benny was wrong. Not all experience was the same experience. Dean had never been
“Absolutely. I’ll go make some tea.”
But as he submerged himself fully, all but his head, Dean let out a sigh of deep relief as he already felt the tension loosen, leaning back against the pillow rest.
Now laying on his back, staring at the ceiling, Cas decided he should seek that house out if he left—when he left.
“Cas, you should pull over right now,” Joshua said, tone flat and serious, crashing any optimism Cas had in the moment.
Cas nodded, a little embarrassed. He did want to look at the stars, but he didn’t want it to take all night. There was a reason why they brought an entire bed out there with them.
Dean’s heart plummeted through the floor of his car.
Cas had sighed, trying to remember what exactly he had as shoe options. He didn’t have a diverse wardrobe.
Dean wanted to instantly shove Michael backward into the chair and table behind him but stopped. Michael’s warning from a month ago, inside the country club, echoed back to him: One more fuck up and you’re gonna be in lock up for the rest of your life.
“Later—I have to call the priest first,” he said, patting Dean’s cheek and going back to his phone.
“You look like you’re going to work,” Dean continued, stepping back and looking Cas up and down.
But they did, by some miracle and Dean threw a towel at him before turning to open the back door. He hesitated a moment, glancing back at Cas before pushing through.
Back in his car, Dean checked his rearview mirror again.
“How does that even work—is that even still legal?” Dean asked.
“I think you should have the house.”
Dean had turned on the radio in a desperate attempt to fill his head with sound other than the breathy moans and whimpers from the alleyway, but all it did was remind him of how he could still hear the music when they passed by the group, some men on the ground even moving to its beat.
Cas smiled.
Club Paradise was always on Dean’s “maybe” list but never had the courage to actually go. It was Lee’s idea.
“Well if your legs work, I can just drive you to the top of your property and you can walk down.”
Cas had met others on the same side of the spectrum as himself over the years,  but in the environment he was in, either Cas or the other guy always felt uncomfortable talking about it, let alone acting on it.
“I’m feeling underdressed here,” Dean said as Cas moved behind him. Cas didn’t answer and Dean before sucked in a breath as he felt one, then two fingers slip inside.
Jack nodded silently, still looking at the ground as they walked.
Cas liked him because he liked him.
“So why did you?” Cas asked quietly.
“Yeah, but, you’re using Smuckers,” Dean pointed as the man opened the bag of chips. “Everyone knows Welch’s is superior.”
All three sounded like a possibility.
There was no one like Cas in Paradise.
Adrenaline began to build up, and Cas forced himself to break away, and sit back up on his heels.
Cas forced himself forward.
Cas nodded and kept his eyes on the fire, “It seems so.”
Cas, trying to decide which tie should go with the shirt he decided on, looked over at Dean with a reassuring smile.
Michael shouted the last sentence in Cas’s face, throwing in the reminder that Cas was the family’s last saving grace to remain relevant, to stay afloat, to prosper.
Finding Cassie turned out to be a pretty damn hard thing to do.
And Dean didn’t have a guaranteed timeline on when he would return.
Just like when Michael said Dean had beat him up, just like when Lee lied to Cas saying Dean had changed his mind—Cas was missing a piece of the puzzle.
Dean frowned, confused.
They sat at a small round table on the other side of the desk with their mugs on coasters, Cas not knowing where to start
“I think we have to buy that now.”
The friction alone sent Dean into the stratosphere, but for someone without experience, Cas had a natural instinct on what to do. Every time Dean tried to push up, Cas countered and pushed back down, moving in waves with the music, and eventually, their own breathing.
But they didn’t move far from each other afterward with Cas pressed against him in the familiar fashion he always did, with an arm draped over Dean’s side like it always was, giving that comfortable weight of security to them both.
Dean tapped the glass, ringing it enough times to bring everyone’s attention off of each other and onto him. Cas took a large bite out of his pancake, staring at the plate, suddenly nervous with everyone’s eyes directed in his direction, if not exactly at him.
5:58 p.m.
They could talk houses later Cas decided as he crossed the kitchen, past Dean without looking at him, and looked down the wide hallway. At the very end, he could see through a partially opened door a bathroom sink. He glanced back over his shoulder to Dean with a reassuring smile.
“Did you see what he looked like?” Cas asked, daring to hope.
“Well I don’t know many people here either, and I’m allergic to crab,” Dean said, sighing. “You got any other food in here?”
“What about your—“
Dean moved his arm off his face and looked down at Cas.
And yet, Dean was now walking into the lion’s den to try and find her, to apologize, unable to let her leave with what he said being his parting words. That miniscule part of him still wanted to believe that maybe one day he would realize what he missed out on, fly out to Denver, and leave Worthington behind. Dean knew that he was desperately clinging to her as some kind of magic spark that would inspire him to change his life’s course. It was unfair, Dean knew it, but it didn’t change his course of action.
It was Cas.
1:50 p.m.
“What was that about?” Cas asked, voice low as he tried to regulate his breathing.
Jack glanced at Cas, keeping the smile on his face before diving back into his chocolate mission.
“My dad worked here, remember?”
Cas knew Dean could hear the muffled
“That sounds like a great idea.”
Never in his life had Cas thought rainbows would trigger an avalanche of nerves.
, turquoise would be nice,” Cas answered, “Beige is boring and I don’t think any other color will be relaxing enough.
Cas did have both Benny’s and Lee’s numbers in case of emergency, and Cas took note of the time—but it very well could be an emergency if Dean was severely incapacitated.  He opted to try Benny first, feeling as if he would be more open with Cas.
Cas cleared his throat and straightened up a little.
“Do you know if anyone around here has a-a camera? Those cameras mounted by the door or any other kind of surveillance cameras?”
past the point of no return.
At long last, Dean finally saw the ring box, held tight in Cas’s hand. Small, black velvet, standard—but Dean didn’t truly grasp how much he needed to see it up close until right then. It was like Cas waved a million dollars in front of his face.
“That doesn’t mean much,” Cas said, glancing at Charlie and Stevie. “People can be good at hiding their disgust I’ve learned over time. So, what about you?”
That sealed the deal and Lee and Benny eventually shut up, though Dean knew they still had a slew of arguments waiting to go. With the way they were used to Dean talking about the Charlestons, witnessing Dean’s family interact with the Charlestons, he imagined they were keeping his best interests at heart.
“You’re not the most subtle person in the world, Dean,” Michael Charleston sighed while picking up the knife. “Was I supposed to believe that a twelve-year-old did all this?”
Reynolds sniffed and spit on the ground next to him before going back to the engine. Dean could see what was wrong just from where he stood — the belt had snapped and it looked like the thing was leaking oil. He didn’t know how Reynolds couldn’t smell it, but figured at that age, maybe some senses faded away.
Cas laughed and stepped away.
As a rule, Dean didn’t talk much about himself, especially not to strangers. He never had interesting stories compared to others, he didn’t need unsolicited advice on how to live his life, and he just couldn’t ever muster up the energy to deal with that kind of conversation. Some people, over the course of Dean’s life, didn’t mind telling him they thought he had been too cavalier with his life.
“I have to say, that’s probably everyone’s estimation on how priests enter the church,” Castiel said. “But if I wanted it, I had to get extra education.”
There were three hundred and seventy dots on his ceiling that immediately surrounded the light. Cas counted them one by one beginning from the inside, circling outward. When Cas got to four hundred, he lost his place.
But you don’t know that for sure.
The one outlier of rational thought was that Cas had bought the ring with the same lack of a plan that Dean did—so maybe it
The one benefit of not having many things to pack was that Cas wouldn’t have to go through the front door in the middle of the night with eighteen bags. He could fit most of his clothes and the belongings he wanted to take into two smaller suitcases.
The store was always dead on a Thursday afternoon, and Dean was done with work at two, so it was always an ideal time to sail down the aisles, trying to save as much as he could on food.
A faint ringing replaced all thought in Dean’s head as he tried to orient himself for the second time in a few short minutes. Cas remained still as well, both waiting for their breath to come back and the adrenaline to subside.
problem.”
He thought about his prayer that morning, how he kept repeating his wishes—but with doubts, with his uncertainty and indecision, he didn’t know how far it went.
“Incredibly.”
And he looked
Michael had scolded him after the bodyguards confirmed Dean was off the property, then dragged him back outside to meet Hannah.
Cas smiled, an honest one, the biggest one Dean’s been rewarded with since they first met.
Stepping into the house, Dean immediately discarded his damp clothing and slipped into his robe, desperate for some kind of dry warmth.
“In my checking, I have a hundred bucks. In my savings, I have fifteen hundred. You have a lot of money, Cas. How did you get that?”
Did Michael do this?
Shrugging, Michael looked down at the floor, not wanting to look Cas in the eye.
After a couple more times, they fell into a rhythm, slightly increasing every time Cas moved in and then easing himself back out partway, before repeating the process. Cas instantly honed in on the new noises he unlocked from Dean. Nothing like the other nights—more desperate, pleading, questioning—
Dean cleared his throat, letting out a shaky breath.
“I’m not renting a motel room for an hour.”
Police officers.
9:09 p.m.
“You’re naming it ‘Me’? Or—“
“I don’t know much about him but it doesn’t seem like he’s the kind of guy who can lie easily, or put on a happy face,” he said, looking at Dean with his eyebrows raised. “Am I right?”
“I was on my way to the bathroom to see the photo and video you sent, and Hannah’s uncle stopped me,” Cas said, looking down at the pool floor. “I thought he wanted to just talk with me in the hall but he pulled me into a different room. He—I guess he saw the—,” Cas gestured at his neck where the bruise had all but faded away completely. Dean frowned. “And said that he knew Hannah didn’t give it to me and that I had to watch myself.”
As Dean drove onto Route 69 north, he saw the sign for South Hill.
She smiled, a nice one, a kind one, and looked ahead on the path, “I said there’s a performance of Grease happening at The Oakwood in a week and I was wondering if you wanted to come with me?”
Dean rolled his eyes and then clapped a hand on Cas’s shoulder, startling him.
After an extended moment of silence, Cas finally looked back over to Dean, who initially appeared nervous as well before taking a deep breath, raising his eyebrows, and faking a yawn. He stretched as he passed Cas, heading toward the truck, his t-shirt riding up just enough to expose a sliver of skin.
Cas fired off a text. They had exchanged messages here and there since the cookout with Cas nervous of texting too much, not wanting to sound like a bother. He almost didn’t this time either, but that night was excruciatingly painful.
Waving his hand, Cas mouthed back, “Later”.
Things had to get done.
4:16 p.m.
“But you didn’t even tell anyone when you got back,” Sam pointed out.
6:00 p.m.
Someone nearly bumped into Cas as he stood there taking in the scene and he moved out of the way as not to block the others who knew where they were going, what to do, who to talk to. Those who learned they had belonged here long before Cas did.
“I’m all ears,” he said as Cas pushed his plate away. “Not hungry?”
The crackle of the fire filled the silence between them and Cas was the first to break away, looking back to the flames as Dean processed the words.
Cas had only run into this man twice and he already had developed a sense of ease. For the first time in a week, Cas didn’t feel like yelling and his hands weren’t shaking anymore.
So Cas called Gabriel instead.
“Really?”
If they were in any other place in the house, Dean probably would have kept up the teasing.
Dean stood back up and again pointed up at the sky to another bright star near the initial cluster of three.
“Wait. Wait!”
“Because Michael and maybe Zachariah will go looking at hotels for us and I don’t think it’s a good idea to stay at one, do you?”
Cas felt it now. Dean, on the ascent, would cup Cas with his tongue, and kept it like that on the way back down. A couple other times, Dean retreated so far up that Cas thought he’d leave completely, but it was only to slide his tongue over the tip a few times before going back down. The move literally took Cas’s breath away and replaced it by one or two moans and a choked off whine.
“Well, just for that I’m going to stay extra quiet.”
Castiel thought it one of the more peaceful Heavens he’s visited.
Dean wasn’t an out-of-shape person, but had to acknowledge that he wasn’t 26 years old anymore.
“Me.”
Dean nodded.
“This place is really nice,” Dean mused, looking around the kitchen. It was smaller than the one at his house but… warmer.
As they broke apart, that irrational fear that had built up as Dean mused about his gift to Cas fizzled from his head.
His heart fell as he saw his phone on the floor by someone’s feet. Michael had kicked it so hard that the back had come off, and the screen shattered.
“You don’t get it until you say it,” Dean murmured as Cas pressed against him while using his hands to bring Dean’s hips as flush as they could get.
Sighing, Dean lifted himself slowly up and out of his back seat, checking the rearview window and his front. The car was a great car, but given its age and style, was hardly inconspicuous. Even behind a barn he still knew it was somewhat visible. He only hoped that the blackness blended in with the night.
Cas wished he could enjoy the day as well.
Little sleep came to them that night, preferring to express their love through actions, not words; pressed together, moving in sync with eyes for the first time not solely on each other, but on the gold bands wrapped around their fingers, catching the light every so often when they shifted on the bed, squeezing their hands with the slightest movement of hips or a mouth landed somewhere a little too sensitive.
It took Cas and Dean only a moment to realize, as everyone carried on with their conversation, they didn’t figure out who would make the announcement, or when.
The worst part about the dining room area wasn’t the tables or the rug they grabbed straight out of the ‘60s. It was the gigantic fireplace against the western wall. The stones were large, pale and looked like a faded giraffe print extending all the way up into the vaulted ceiling, past the wooden beams. On it were several animal heads and plaques, each for some kind of hunting whatever or award something. The thing stood out but only in a way an eyesore could.
But at Cas looked at Dean’s face, falling back into a sad, thoughtful frown, worry took over once more.
“All my life I’ve been made to believe I should be ashamed for who I am,” Cas explained, “You know that. And it took a lot for me to break away from that. Finding a home here, with you, and being with you, was enough of a prize for accepting who I am as a person. I don’t need rainbows for that. I know the history behind the struggle, we volunteer at the center—I just don’t need to dress up in sparkles to do it.”
“Are you ready yet?” Dean asked, not going around the doorway into the living room just yet.
Cas paused and turned, trying to find it. Frowning he put his eye against the scope.
But he could only guess what Dean could have been texting on his way back to his car, trying to start up their game again, hoping to have Cas all wound up by the time they got to Table Rock.
He didn’t know what their plans were until a few hours before they met up.
But he still had a three-hour drive ahead of him.
“What?”
Sighing, the crickets in the field across from him as his only company, he tapped on Lee’s number.
They were quiet for only a moment before Cas whispered, “I want more.”
“I don’t know any of this. He never told me in detail.”
“Dean—what—”
He was sure that their friendship had extended into something a little more—but Dean had never been in this position before. He’d had crushes on guys, but ones that he knew were staunchly straight and didn’t actually need to put any thought or effort into it, knowing it’d be useless (or dangerous).
“He’s dedicated,” Cas responded, still watching as the landscape passed them by.
Sam rolled his eyes as he picked his head back up and Dean flashed a grin before dropping it completely, taking in a deep breath.
He did send Dean texts then, but just a picture of his bags.
“You don’t look that bad.”
Cas wanted a place like this.
They exchanged numbers and handed their phones back to each other. Dean grabbed a Stouffers from the open freezer next to them and they continued their walk. Dean processed what just happened, what he just did in inviting a Charleston to his property, willingly, completely sober and conscious—
“He’s at the end,” Cas mouthed, pointing through the wall.
Dean didn’t want to share the house alone.
They didn’t have an issue with Mr. Reynolds but he had one with them.
Dean yawned and went to take out his phone, checking the time, when he suddenly heard a couple shouts from behind him. Benny stood up, watching the commotion from over Dean’s shoulder.
“You didn’t put the angel up?”
“He didn’t, and wouldn’t, shoot himself,” he repeated, louder this time.
He couldn’t leave to check on Dean—not yet.
They lasted a lot longer than Cas initially predicted, but it did have to end at some point.
Flashing Reynolds a small, unthreatening smile, Dean waved his hand and continued on the walk.
Father Jacob said nothing, and sat waiting for Cas to explain.
He hated the fact that it didn’t take much for his body to remind him that he was approaching 50. Some days he could ignore the twinges and early morning aches. Other days, particularly when the weather flipped on them so rapidly, those little reminders didn’t go away. Naturally, this would always happen, but he had hoped it would wait until he didn’t have to redo a house and as much as he could of a large barn before the end of the summer. Not to mention all the work he’d done for the roadhouse—
The excitement helped allay some of Cas’s nerves, but after Dean left, they took the opportunity to manifest themselves again, and now Cas would have to sit with the anxiety for two more hours before leaving to head downtown for the parade.
Along with the music, Cas treated Dean to an assortment of sounds that Dean never even heard in porn. It wouldn’t be something a microphone could pick up; they were gasps and soft murmurings of encouragement meant to only be heard by the other person. They were gifts only in that moment, not meant to be shared.
“Y’good?”
They had gone on three more dates since the cookout, and after each one, Cas immediately texted Dean to fill him in on what had happened. It became the only way Cas could cope.
Cas hummed in acknowledgment as he went back to Dean’s lips for a moment, skating over to his jaw while he moved his hips, only slightly, but enough for the minute contact to stoke the fires in Dean. Lazy tendrils of pleasure wound around him, sinking deep like the heat from the water.
“I won’t, I think, ever understand that dynamic. I wasn’t here enough growing up, I never heard many of the stories—,” Cas hesitated, glancing at the grandfather clock in the corner. He had to get back. “Dean wondered as well. He told me that he pushed you a lot and that maybe none of this would have happened if he hadn’t just left you—this family, alone.”
Dean listened as he flipped open the brochure. He had one to the very same ranch once with his uncle and brother when he was fifteen but hadn’t had a chance to go back since. Not only did everyone want to go to Jackson Hole for the summer, booking up all the rooms, but also—
Risk it all in Worthington, or risk it all with Cas.
Dean followed as the anticipation that had started a week and a half ago starting to kick back up again.
“I highly doubt it.”
The question took Dean aback. He sat, staring at Benny, trying to work it out in his head.
“Welcoming?”
“Are you alright, dear?” Cas heard an elderly woman’s voice from behind. He whipped around, startling her, startling himself, before taking a shaky breath.
“As for the other thing, I don’t think it’s too fast at all. Is it common that two people move into a place after only a month? Not really. But you two seem to work together—“
married or at least be in a long-term committed relationship but, here he was.
And no one should have that kind of power.
A soft, short huff of laughter escaped Cas as he turned to look out the road passing by them.
He and Benny had lapsed into a small catch-up conversation for the rest of the time they were there with Benny trying his hardest to put a smile on Dean’s face.
Cas sighed and looked down at the floor. College was only part one of his issues.
What Cas kept from Joshua and would never tell him was that Friday evening when Cas couldn’t help but stare at every inch of Dean’s photo, or when they were leaving and came across the scene in the alleyway,a scene that still snuck up on Cas when he let his guard down. He didn’t tell Joshua that for the last 36 hours he had been replaying that scene over and over in his head, replacing strangers with Dean.
The mission was to get off,
But panic, fueled by Dean’s already growing discomfort, already started to spike. Dean’s leg started to bounce on the stool and he kept his eyes on the corner where Cas would come out of—
Cas smiled.
Dean, not able to get another kiss, reached down to the front of Cas’s pants, undoing the button and fly with one hand—struggling but making do.
His breath fogged up his immediate reflection, but he could still see himself with imprints of sequins in his forehead, and Cas. The image reflected back to Dean was one that he had seen so many times in videos and photos: eyes wanting to close in concentration but also wanting to soak in the sight before them; body feeling heavy but also electrified, bending and bowing to whatever direction was needed for
“There’s more to the story isn’t there?”
Each kiss served as a reminder that they loved each other, in spite of everything they’ve been through, everything that’s happened, every time they had almost died—sometimes at the hands of each other. Everything they had done eventually brought them to where they currently laid in bed, light on so they could still see each other when they woke up from these nightmares, eager to be held or to hold and to remind each other just how much love had saved them, and will continue to save them.
Back in his room, Cas closed the door quietly and locked it immediately. For an extra precaution, for his own sanity, he shoved his desk chair under the knob and moved an armchair from across the room in front of that.
He looked nothing short of an irritated parent with their arms crossed, one leg out, and their face stony and unyielding. It was like Cas had missed some invisible curfew.
Dean continued downward, placing soft kisses on his throat again, down, down, down. Each one created lazy tendrils of fire that moved with Dean as he moved slow and steady over Cas’s collarbone again, his chest, stomach, and—
celebrate Pride, and it means something personal to you,” Cas continued, “And for me — I like the parade, I like the festival—but I also just like knowing we can go out to dinner without being harassed, or we can move in together without questions being raised. That’s enough for me. The LGBT community isn’t all the same — why do we have to celebrate Pride the same way?”
Cas thought back to their first meeting in that kitchen Dean wanting to stay and talk to a stranger; Dean still inviting Cas to his party despite having animosity toward his family; the look on Dean’s face when he told Cas that deep secret part of himself that he hadn’t told anyone other than that boy when he was younger; Dean’s eagerness and willingness to share another intimate night together, but with less words and more sheets and pillows; Their night in the field, that wild look on Dean’s face; last night when Dean trusted him completely, that bright spark in his eyes–
And Cas had never been put in a situation where he could freely think about another man like this.
The two families, after decades and decades of deep fracturing, grew to despise each other.
“Because you needed help setting that up. I didn’t need your help here,” Dean explained.
But logic threw it back at Cas right then. Michael couldn’t have beaten Cas to the lake. He had left Michael still talking with the police and headed straight to the cabin with no stops. Unless Michael could fly, then there was no way it could have been Michael.
, Cas’s head supplied the rest of Dean’s statement.
“Yeah, no—yeah. I’ll go. I can ask to come in later tomorrow—or just call out sick,” Dean said, squeezing his eyes shut to try and block out those images his brain had crafted Friday night. Not right now. Not on the phone.
The Charleston property took up the last third of the road before it came to an end, shifting into a dirt gravel road that would take someone out into a field and into the woods a few hundred yards out. A stone wall followed the street from where the property line started, only breaking to allow for two ugly statues at their driveway. Then the wall picked back up all the way to the end of the road, turning into a wooden fence and hedges along the eastern side of the property, the same fence and hedges he snuck past to gate crash the party.
At the end of a very long 36 hours, Cas could finally rest.
The news of Castiel’s invitation to Saturday's cookout didn’t go over well with Benny and Lee.
Dean walked down the carpeted hallway straight to the bathroom. There were three other rooms with their doors closed, Cas imagined two of them had belonged to Dean’s family, and the one at the end, perpendicular with the bathroom, was Dean’s. Cas only caught a glimpse inside before he heard Dean’s towel drop to the floor.
Looking at Cas in the eyes at other parts of the day as they drove to Dodge City wrenched up the image of what his face looked like as Dean laid him down on that table. Illogical hope that plagued Dean wouldn’t go away and he remained next to that table, just waiting for Cas’s eyes to open because someone, somewhere up there was going to fix it.
“Hello?”
“I only have ten days to wait,” he mumbled, “And I don’t know if this will be resolved by then.”
Before he could put it on, Cas’ hands reached up, sliding under the shirt and lifting it up enough to press his mouth just above Dean’s navel. For his part, Dean almost dropped the jacket as his brain short circuited, slamming on the breaks and backtracking from attempted teasing to focusing on Cas’ efforts. Hands slid around, shifting to press against Dean’s lower back to encourage him a little closer as Cas moved his mouth a little higher. The exact opposite direction Dean needed.
“Figured this would happen. He’s not always great at confrontation.”
“Dig. You Charlestons need to get your hands dirty in the right way,” he said. Cas obeyed and sat on the ground next to him, still coming down from his panic-induced adrenaline rush on the way there.
The first photo looked like it was taken accidentally while he was trying to do something else. It showed the fire pit outside, slightly blurred, with the two chairs they sat in the night of the bonfire still in their same positions. That photo brought the beginning of a smile to Cas’s face.
This time, it was possible to maybe push a little forward and see where exactly he and Cas stood.
But Cas’s head would not be quiet the entire ride home. It kept running and running, spitting out different scenarios with two different people.
“That doesn’t mean anything—”
Dean had his role, Sam had his, and Castiel was reminded of his own.
And then there was Dean.
Dean’s racing mind hit the brakes, coming to a screeching halt as the warmth from the fire and from the gift completely melted his nerves. He looked up at Cas who beamed back at him.
The door creaked open and Dean flipped the flashlight on. The place was pitch black.
Dean thought about it for a second then nodded in approval. Their
Jack nodded, frowning in concentration as he tried to form the perfect scoop with his spoon, gathering as many chocolate chunks as he could, “Yeah, Cas told me nothing would change. Nothing’s gonna change right?”
“That’s gross.”
Michael offered a wane smile and nodded, looking back down at the carpet.
“Twenty four isn’t old,” Cas said, keeping his voice quiet.
First things first, Cas needed to hear Dean beg again. It did to Cas what swearing does for Dean.
He had forgotten that little fact until Thursday night when Cas told him what they were doing.
Dean paused for a moment, rolling thoughts around in his head, deciding what to release and what to not. Ideally, he would steer the conversation away from the topic altogether but his words came out of his mouth before he could make a decision.
“If John Winchester doesn’t break then we can always remedy that,” Michael explained as they approached the entrance. “There’s nothing that says we still can’t put Dean down there before he goes back to Earth, but let’s see how it plays out first.”
It was the hope of that frenetic energy that kept Cas going that morning of his first Pride parade.
but only in the last two months had he actively let himself consider the option. The little building needed a lot of TLC, along with the red barn that dwarfed the house in the backyard. It sat a ways off 281 on 150 Road surrounded by a smattering of trees—some of the only trees in the area until you get into town.
“I’ve done a bit of traveling. You’d be surprised what things stay in your memory while sleeping in a strange place night after night,” Cas explained, a little more quiet than before. He paused before looking over at Dean. “It’s not random.”
“I’m Dean Wi—,” Dean stopped himself just in time. “My name’s Dean. And now I realize what happened.”
Cas winced as prepared himself. He was much more sensitive than he realized, focusing only on Dean.
Before he could open his mouth to comment or to tease some more, Cas rose from the bench and stood behind Dean, reaching up under the jacket to grab his waist.
They both descended into their comfortable resting silence as the fire continued to burn.
However, Cas, bored, eventually moved away from Dean’s side and went out to the car to retrieve the four gifts. The fire began to slowly spread onto the logs as Dean’s heart rate picked up. Cas came back in and left the gifts in a pile next to Dean with the one containing the key on top.
Cas was more sober than not and Dean had quit drinking once people began leaving a couple of hours ago.
“Where are you going?” Lee asked. He had started moving to the front entrance as Benny headed to the back one.
Cas shook his head.
“That’s not him,” the stranger said, disgust palpable in his voice, “You can kiss that hundred bucks goodbye.”
When his phone rang and he looked down, seeing the caller ID, his heart skipped a beat thinking that at some point in the three-hour trip, Dean had finally arrived at the church as Cas instructed.
All other times it was used as a snack closet, and it was closest to Gabriel’s room which meant it was almost constantly stocked up. The kitchen itself was small with slate tiles and a skylight that kept things well lit but also cool in the summer heat. Cas always liked it there.
“What’s wrong? You look like you’ve seen a ghost,” he asked, standing up.
Dean couldn’t wait anymore. The dam broke.
Dean had the option of either taking up a part-time job as a mechanic at a garage between Victory and Bar Harbor, or as a bartender at a small palace in Victory—but eventually went back to working on cars. Bartending seemed tainted after what happened in Worthington, but he told Cas that maybe someday he’d try it.
“I know that look,” Dean whispered, the smirk returning. The tension was back, this time pulling Cas in instead of pushing him out. “Penny for your thoughts?”
, but Dean had been too slow.
They both started at the same time, looking back up at each other. They fell silent again with small smiles and Dean waved his hand.
It was a future neither of them once thought would be possible. It was hard for them to even look back at a time before they met each other and remember what life was like.
Every swirling thought and scenario in Cas’s head suddenly stopped.
It’s what it was like at the beginning of their journey together once Cas had returned. It had been like that since the day they met, if Cas were to be honest with himself.
There in the store, curiosity took hold of Dean.
He just needed to
“I’m sorry, I don’t know who that is.”
Cas sighed and finally,
Before Dean could react, he felt a hand on the back of his shirt, hauling him out of his seat.
In the panic, Cas had forgotten Dean sent him other things as well, and when he opened the chat log, he was greeted by a video, a photo, and another photo.
“Never too old to try something different.”
The spark of exhilaration that struck Cas when Dean confessed his preferences returned as he watched stray clouds pass by. The sun had already begun its descent on the other side of the house, leaving Cas’s room shaded and cool, which helped him as he tried to control the uncomfortable heat inside him that came with that photo.
Dean had commandeered Benny’s truck for the night (after bribing him with a free dinner and round of drinks) and drove them to their destination for the night. In the cab, fitted with a tall cover, a makeshift bed, the telescope, and a few things to eat or drink if they had the time.
Cas looked up to where Dean was pointing and sighed.
Victory’s only catholic church, South Victory Church of Christ, had an opening for a new church director, and Dean encouraged Cas to take it—they both had a renewed sense of faith, Cas especially. He had informed them of his sexuality right off the bat, half expecting to be turned away—but instead was immediately welcomed. He even wound up teaching bible study on Sundays.
Cas still didn’t move, too scared that if he did he’d wake up from whatever dream he slipped into while laying on his bed.
“Yes you did, and yes they are—thank you.”
His own knees already whispering their protest, Dean straightened up and opened the bottle, getting himself ready in a rush. No foreplay.
The music began and they all stood to begin mass. He glanced to the right to see which priest it was that Sunday and felt relief wash over him that it was Father Laurence. He had always been Cas’s favorite and the easiest to talk to about his problems.
Cas glanced at the tv den door before lowering the volume on his phone. He replayed the video again, this time stopping when Dean paned down. Sliding his thumb back and forth on the timeline, the video moved in slow motion, allowing for Cas to get a few frames of the full view.
But the gate was still unlocked.
Of course, those fears were unfounded, and Cas told him that, simply and softly.
“You have a telescope?”
Dean walked over to Cas who held a bag of tinsel and grabbed a handful.
“I have a lot of shit to pack, but can be fast. Where did you want to go?”
Wandering into the bathroom, he had never been more grateful than that afternoon that he had insisted they invest in a separate bathtub. The tub was big and deep enough to fit both of them comfortably, and came with two small pillow headrests to relax against. It felt like a little treat every time they took advantage of it. Dean never hid his desire for a bubble bath every now and then and it felt like an absolute prize that he could take one whenever he wanted now.
He saw Cas’s concerned face last night, not doing anything Dean was uncomfortable with, reassuring him—how Cas looked the morning after their night in the field as Dean watched him wake. It was the most peaceful Cas had ever looked.
“Okay you have to open your present now,” Dean said, voice low. The happiness from Cas’s gift and his sudden freedom from almost crippling anxiety strengthened the desire to shove all the pillows and blankets on the floor in front of the fire, pulling Cas down with him as well—
3:43 p.m.
“I’m not here right now, you know what to do,” Dean’s voice said, followed by a loud beep.
“So what are you going to do about it?”
“That’s a more complicated question that we don’t have time for this morning.”
“Well you’re about to find out.”
wasn’t bad,” Cas said.
“I’d like to go to confession,” Cas stated. Joshua narrowed his eyes.
“Because you never shut up about him—let me finish,” Benny said. Dean looked back down at the table. “You were almost ready to move in with Lisa and you gave serious consideration with Cassie—I mean that was the whole reason we had gone to that party in the first place.”
Joshua squinted, suspicious, “You’re not telling the whole story.”
Cas saw their little world, whatever it is they had, begin to crumble in front of his eyes. It wasn’t a “maybe”; it wasn’t hopeful.
He tried not to, but every time Dean looked up from the grill, Cas was in his line of sight.
clothing on.
“But what if it happens again?” Cas asked, voicing his fears. “What if this path fails too? What do I do when I have to propose to Hannah?”
“No one’s around here, huh,” Dean asked as Cas slammed the trunk closed.
Dean finally pressed against Cas the best he could and kissed him with no playfulness or teasing—none of that now. The day had started horrible for Cas and only a few hours earlier he had been certain every moment of happiness he gathered since coming home would be ripped away from him.
“You went straight from the Grays out into the middle of the field mid-afternoon, waited five hours to see a meteor shower, and then decided to not come home until nine in the morning?”
Abihail elbowed their way to the front of the pack, taking the mission to retrieve Dean from Hell, something Castiel had been preparing for ever since the man made that deal. And Abihail won that bid.
Cas looked over to Jody who sat across from them, wide eyed, pointing her fork at Dean. She looked up at him, over to Cas, then back over to Dean. Cas glanced around to everyone else who now also frowned, looking at Dean hand, then over to Cas’s. The pure comical beat of it all almost made a sudden eruption of laughter escape from Cas, but he managed to hold it down, staring at his pancakes.
It wasn’t time yet to ask.
Michael had the decency to pause, looking away for half a moment in what Cas would later see as a fake act of contrition.
“Listen—your family and the Winchesters have a long, long history, most of which you were not here for. It’s unfortunate that you didn’t know the extent of it all until just recently after you already started this journey with Dean, but you can’t let that change how you feel right now,”
“I’m going to start packing my things tonight, will probably leave here by tomorrow,” Cas finally said out loud, both to himself and for Dean.
The steadiness and confidence Cas built up as he worked Dean wobbled a bit, but Cas kept his focus. They passed by one hurdle with ease.
But now, as Dean forced himself to remember that night, he also saw the similarities of their situation.
“I have a headache, I’m sorry. I don’t think I drank enough water today,” Cas said lamely, not caring if they bought it. “You can fill me in tomorrow, I just want to go lay down early.”
Reaching the gate, he grabbed the handle, wincing at the creak of the untreated metal and wood.
They sat in their seats as the car idled, neither one of them seemingly wanting to be the first one to talk. The radio fuzzed as the station from Kansas City struggled to reach that part of Worthington.
Since the moment Cas saw Zachariah watching him pick up Hannah for their first date, he knew something was off about the man. His smile didn’t reach his eyes, which also looked lifeless like he was technically looking at someone or something but wasn’t quite present. Cas had no desire to know what was happening inside Zachariah’s head, especially if it was anything like Michael’s.
“You’re getting the hell out of this town, tonight,” Michael threatened in a low, vicious voice that only Dean could hear.
you come with anything I got for you?” he asked.
Dean paused long enough for Cas to look back at him.
on the bed once they got it into the room —
“You’re—a menace,” Cas said, taking Dean by the shoulders and turning him back to the mirror, “An absolute menace.”
Dean pulled the plug and Cas looked around, confused as the water drained around them, slowly revealing Cas’s backside and cock.
In the dark, the image buried itself in the subconscious of Cas’s mind. In the Empty, it replayed the meeting over and over again with the insistence he’d never be able to see Dean again while trapped in the void. At the time it happened, Cas resigned himself to it, knowing that what he did wasn’t about saving himself and wasn’t about his own suffering.
The image that finally almost completely broke Dean was when he found himself half-awake in the middle of the night for whatever reason. He stared at the wall for a minute before realizing he was seeing a flickering blue light. He turned over and kept his eyes only half closed as he watched Cas and Jack sit in front of the laptop, watching some kind of movie or TV show.
Dean kept the laughter in his throat as a girl’s voice came over the intercom ahead, looking for a Kate so-and-so—a sudden reminder of where they were.
But it was worth it.
“Our family founded this town, Cas, you know that. We’ve been here since the beginning. This is
Prayers answered, Cas sat back in his chair, trying to process Dean’s statement. He had to hear it again—just to make sure what Dean said was real.
“Locked,” he said, frowning as he glanced around him.
To counter Dean’s actions, Cas experimented with shifting his hips by only a fraction of an inch. Dean didn’t realize how pressed together they were until then. He also didn’t realize how hard they already were.
Cas paused, watching as clouds passed by outside his window. His room had started to feel like confinement.
“Sure, kid,” Reynolds said.
Now Cas looked over at Hannah who didn’t look sad anymore. It was worse.
The prospect of them being irrelevant was a dream to Dean, passed down from generations and generations.
Sometimes Cas would think back to the Dean he had first met and compare him to the Dean that’s next to him now and the difference remained so stark, it took his breath away. All of that change and yet Dean still was who he was. A change, but not one that took away what inherently made Dean, Dean.
Castiel’s face fell a little and Dean immediately backtracked, hoping he didn’t kill whatever mood their chat had started to create.
“No, man. No, you’re cool,”
That night, it was Dean’s turn to lessen the pain.
Cas suppressed a laugh and withdrew his hand as a family walked in by their end of the building.
Glancing at Cas, Michael cleared his throat and finished his drink.
The altar, the candles, the greenery which they just must have kept replacing with the same plant year after year—it was if Cas hit pause when he went to college.
“You’re up early,” Cas mumbled, barely heard over the gust of wind as it rushed past the cabin. He shifted again, finding the familiar position, and placed a kiss on the back of Dean’s neck.
How had his life ended up like this?
Frowning, he tried to remember if he had any outstanding obligations that week. His teachers, and Michael, always scolded him for neglecting to write things down but Cas could never form the habit, not realizing that years into the future he’d be sitting on a couch in a hostile environment trying to set up a date with a man he wished was writhing underneath him, practically begging for—
Cas decided to drive to Bloomington and then most of the way back to Lebanon, allowing Dean to sleep for a little bit. Cas’s sleep schedule six months into being human had not adjusted properly yet so he was fine sipping gas station coffee and driving through the night.
“Things happen,” Castiel said, not elaborating. “But by the time I realized I wanted to leave and major in something else, it was too late.”
Michael shook his head and looked like he was about to say something, but instead chose to keep his mouth shut. The truth wouldn’t come out during this conversation, and Cas sighed.
“I don’t know how to do that.”
“Sorry, sorry—I was saying your name but you conked out,” Dean said next to Cas.
The nuances of an over 200-year terf war did not sink into Cas’s conscience, but he didn’t think it needed to. He had decided halfway through Michael’s poor attempt at retelling history that the whole thing was absolutely absurd.
“What’s going on?” Castiel asked, his tone less animated than earlier.
Pity.
In the face of overwhelming grief, the mind commits itself to unstable and unhelpful reactions.
“Dean,” Cas said, trying to get his attention. Dean swallowed hard and looked back up, blinking to try and stop tears from forming. “What exactly is it you’re afraid of?”
Now was the time. It had to be.
With great effort, Dean forced himself to pull away and pressed his foreheads against Cas’s.
“You like to cook?”
As 12:30 a.m. hit, mind racing, Cas decided he would call one of Dean’s friends. He didn’t like talking to them that much, feeling out of place around them, but desperate times—
It was a lame reason, a cover-up, but Dean didn’t push because Cas could easily push back with other unanswered questions from the car ride.
There was a beep over the receiving end as the car drove by, taking with it another part of Cas’s dwindling hope.
What if I’m not good enough?
Dean didn’t look back at Benny as he left the room, beginning to fume.
Several years back, when Dean had to give in to the fact he was both attracted to women and men, he rationalized it by saying the dates would be with woman, and random, one night stands would be with men.
“I told Sam to stay at his friend’s house that night. There was no reason for both of us—,” Dean cut himself off, realizing he was about to go into detail. Cas wanted to hear it, but at the same time, was grateful Dean didn’t describe whatever terrors he felt that night. “But basically… basically what happened after was Michael, I was told, went around town, told other people what happened, and in the end, my father couldn’t even get a job mopping floors at the bar.”
Cas shook his head as he looked back up, pulling Dean into a deep kiss that sent fire shooting throughout Dean’s entire body for the first time in what felt like an eternity.
In the bedroom, Dean waited patiently as Cas took his time trying to decide which shirt to wear. Any other day he’d be letting Cas decide himself and wait for him somewhere else, doing any other activity, but they both understood what was going on.
Technically one of the sons was Lucas’s, but no one ever brought it up. Adam belonged to Michael and his wife, Diana, who had divorced him soon after he was born. No one in the family blamed her in that decision.
Dean kept quiet as they drove back to the cabin.
“Yeah but last night was like—” Dean glanced around, “together, together. You know?
They had conspired in the car that they should have an excuse if stopped. Benny suggested they say they were part of the gardening staff or something similar. Dean had entertained the idea for a second, before frowning and shaking his head.
Still no response.
“I had tried getting a hold of him before I left for our original meeting point, a church, around eight last night. He never came, so I walked back home after midnight, and that’s when I saw Michael,” Cas said, trying not to spill every single detail, not more than she needed to know. He didn’t know what was going to get him or Dean in trouble or save them.
Cas knew the same thought was crossing Dean’s as it was his own.
Cas closed his eyes as he felt rocks piling up in his stomach. It was always easier for Gabriel to have that confidence. It wasn’t an avenue readily available to Cas to take.
Sitting there, the first reaction may be to replay what had just happened in your head; trying to recount your loved one’s last moments in front of you; trying to sear that memory into your brain so you don’t forget it though you know eventually over time, you will.
Cas leaned in and kissed Dean, light and quick, a smile on his face. Everything just felt
Dean thought about his father’s past coworkers and how it all ended for them. He doubted if any of them were left that they would have his and Benny’s backs, but he didn’t let Benny know that.
Cas sighed, breaking the peace, and shifted in his chair. When Dean looked over, he saw Cas staring at the ground, clearly lost in his own thoughts, looking almost—
Glancing up at Dean, Cas said nothing as he made quick work of the buckle. Dean reached for the hanger as he felt the belt slide through the loops. The buckle made a muffled impact noise as it fell to the carpeted floor, and Dean looked back at the mirror once more and watched as Cas worked on the button and fly.
Dean laughed as the breeze picked up, sending a shiver running through him. The sun had nearly finished its descent beyond the horizon and the temperature dropped along with it.
“Because you didn’t get to do this?”
“There’s a motel a few blocks over,” Dean said, glancing at the stage as the final act came out. “It didn’t look too bad. We can walk there.”
He opened up a group chat, about to yell at whichever one of them sent the photo, but stopped. He swiped back to the text log with Cas, looking at the photo again. With the angle it had been taken at, with his shorts and his leg up—Dean had seen photos like these before, but usually had to pay for them and the person in them had
Cas’s brain kicked into hyperdrive, trying to come up with an excuse on the spot that he stupidly didn’t figure out before he came to the party.
All Dean could think of was that hesitation, the question of trust, and when the music had finally faded from his car’s radio signal, the questions grew in volume.
No one survives.
It stays unbroken and tugs you in the direction needed to see them again, even if it’s to a place you can’t go.
“Go on, get in,” Dean said after several minutes, keeping the shower running as he stepped out.
Cas seemingly agreed, not trying to push forward for more. He did relax a little more against the door and Dean smiled against Cas’s mouth before pulling away.
Guilt had started to creep up on him a couple of weeks ago after Lee made the comment that Dean was just “using her” if he already knew they had no future.
In the past, before Sam left for college and could only talk about his future plans, he had asked Dean what he would do if he had gone to college. The question had hurt Dean at the time and stuck in his brain over the years. He really had no idea.
Little by little.
Cas continued, just to get it all out of him.
Another “fresh air” trip happened when Cas had a particularly bad night terror, one he couldn’t shake off like the others, and it was well into the next day that he asked Dean if they could go get some “fresh air”.
Cas' let go of Dean’s hips and used one hand to brace himself against the wall as he leaned in closer, taking Dean in his other hand, grip loose but effective.
“You’re rambling.”
“Dean—” Cas breathed, now feeling a tongue in place of lips, dragging itself up and down. His hips twitched involuntarily but didn’t go far as Dean continued holding them.
Dean kept his eyes down as he lifted Cas’s legs, hooking them over his shoulders to move in as deep as he could. Cas’s eyes closed as pleasure grabbed him, holding him tight.
It could have made a difference.
Suddenly, in the blink of an eye, Cas pushed himself up and off of Dean, leaving him blanketed with cold hotel room air. Confusion took over as Dean tried to regain focus.
During the four hours, he and Dean hardly texted.
Those smaller, quieter thoughts eventually rolled into other ones, with Dean remembering how good Cas did look out and about, looking more relaxed in the sun and with a smile that matched; How comfortable it felt standing next to him, sitting next to him for hours and just talking. Dean never “just talks” with anyone; How it felt when Cas confessed to Dean that no, he actually was not attracted to the ladies whatsoever; How for a good portion of the night Dean could only think about the fact that he hadn’t met anyone in town that would actually admit to being the big G. Dean had his suspicions, but said nothing; Again, how
“I’m guessing you didn’t like the crab cakes if you have to steal their Doritos,” Dean joked as he approached the open door.
Just how he had concluded earlier while walking back from the church, all roads lead to Michael. Cas didn’t allow himself to think the accusation in full, choosing to keep it in the back of his head—but a part of him had started to wonder if Michael was the one who shot Dean.
“Yeah! I’m telling you it’s not—”
Their room stood at the end of the hallway on the second floor. They stayed on opposite sides of the elevator, saying nothing, and as they walked down a silent hallway, Dean wondered if the clerk gave them the room on purpose. No one seemed to be at their end of the building.
Dean made the mistake of working outside too long that day.
Vision suddenly filled with stars, he staggered off to the side, out of the light.
Dean did understand Cas’s problem even more: not only were two people being forced together with little to know about each other, now Hannah would be marrying someone who was incapable of finding anything about her sexually attractive, or attractive at all—
A full week later, Dean once again looked stupid in the face and said “fuck it”.
“I am.”
On the second Hannah date post-cookout, Cas snapped a photo of his plate that arrived as Hannah excused herself to the bathroom. Dean replied back that he was going to remake it right then and there, and sure enough, 30 minutes later, a photo message had come through of the same exact dish that somehow looked much more appetizing. Hannah had asked Cas what he was smiling at, and Cas just mumbled something about a funny comic someone sent him.
“Dean, what’s going on?” Sam cut Dean off, still sounding concerned, still sounding way too serious.
The hall itself had poor ventilation and retained most of the mid-morning August heat.
Dean glanced at him with a smirk before another yawn overtook him.
“It’s just, you’re leaving,” he nodded in Dean’s direction, “I think the suspension on my car shit the bed, and I’m certain I’m a day away from being fired.”
Then something clicked.
That’s when the questions began inside his head.
“Cold?”
“Yeah—I’m thinking about some house rules as we, you know, go forward,” Dean said, slowly walking into the room, glancing at the bed.
As Cas walked back into the kitchen to roll up the chip bag, he heard the front door slam upstairs.
Cas hesitated but nodded in agreement, discomfort reading all over his face. A pang of guilt struck through Dean as he unlatched the gate. He hoped he didn’t just make Cas uncomfortable for the rest of his time there.
“What’s been troubling you?” Joshua eventually prompted, voice quiet and gentle and exactly what Cas needed.
“Poor kid.”
There was silence over the phone and Cas thought Gabriel hung up on him.
Sighing, Cas lifted himself up and onto his knees, easing himself out and wincing. Dean hissed and shifted, loosening his legs as Cas completely backed away.
moved.
Some like Jody, Donna, and Garth had tears in their eyes (Jody specifically took Dean aside away from the group to talk to him), while others like Claire and Kaia just drew Cas in for a hug, Claire telling Cas quietly that she was happy for him, and proud—
“I don’t—I thought things were, like, improving, and there were gay priests and pastors or whatever all over the place,” Dean said, knowing he was being unhelpful but couldn’t shut his mouth.
Benny and Lee stared at Dean like he just spewed a bunch of crazy, but Dean wouldn’t back down.
“His name is Dean. He’s the one Michael’s trying to run out of town.”
The next picture, however, dropped it completely.
He wanted to ask how Sam was doing, how life was getting on in California—but Dean also didn’t have the time. A countdown had started in his head.
Dean swallowed and nodded, “Absolutely nothing will change, other than us sporting some expensive hardware now.”
“I have friends—”
“Don’t fall asleep in the tub,” Cas said in Dean’s ear, amusement lacing his words, “You’ll get pruney and drown.”
love, because he hadn’t ever been in love in his life.
“Dean?”
He waited a minute too long to intercept Sue Ann, and by the time he did, Dean had collapsed in the parking lot motionless.
His scalp ached and Cas held a hand up to fix his hair when he realized—
was white with some fake golden accents. Dean had whipped out paint samples almost immediately after the tub was installed.
“Who said you needed a bathing suit?” He asked, turning away from Cas and immediately pulling his shirt over his head, tossing it to the ground. Cas watched as he went through his small wooden gate. By the lawnchairs, Dean bent down and then came back up with the rest of his clothing in his hand, a wide smile on his face.
“Alright let’s see it then,” she said, taking the phone from Cas. They both huddled around the screen to watch.
When he closed the garden gate door, leaving it unlocked, Cas buzzed with excitement, eager to get going now—just follow Dean back to his car and leave now. He had a mission now, a purpose, a goal—a path again.
—but it’d be worth it once they got to Table Rock. They’d be safe there.
Cas pulled back most of the way until his tongue sat at a sensitive spot underneath that he worked, and worked, having to hold Dean’s hips with his hands to make sure they didn’t act on their own. They had a habit of doing that sometimes when Dean got too wound up.
“Do you think it’s still there?” he asked.
“Michael had indicated that you two only knew each other for a little over a month,” Sheriff Mills eventually said, “There’s bound to be things about each other you still don’t know.”
“Yeah I mean—” Jack stood. Cas followed suit. “You’re happy right?”
He almost said it then.
He turned around as he undid the button to his jeans, not allowing Dean to see any of it. Though Cas couldn’t see it, he knew Dean was staring, waiting to pounce when he could. The unnamed feeling came back and settled into the forefront of his mind.
Dean rushed back to the library, hoping no one would see him and ask questions. Now wasn’t the time for questions. Dean was on a mission.
Zachariah mouthed something, then moved back over to Dean on the ground. They couldn’t see exactly what happened, but when Zachariah moved away, he no longer had the gun.
His mind, still racing from earlier, shot off scenarios one by one, pretending he actually live there; Dinners, waking up in the morning together, late nights out by that fire pit they first spoke at, colder midwestern nights wouldn’t be a problem for them, nor would they need extra blankets given how good they were at generating their own heat—
Cas shook his head as he allowed Dean to walk them to the pool wall.
Castiel couldn’t do anything but brace himself as the Angel moved into him fully, encasing him in a burning sensation so severe, all sound completely left him and all lingering thoughts evaporated instantly. His entire being felt strapped to the surface of the sun as someone continued to throw wave after wave of additional fire over him.
was what Cas wanted to say.
But he was going to maintain some normality and Dean would just have to accept it.
They lapsed into a silence similar to the grocery store as they walked. Nerves started to rise in Dean as it hit him that a Charleston would be on his property, at his home for the first time ever and it was decidedly much, much smaller and gritty than the life Castiel would be accustomed to. The man didn’t seem like the one who slammed the judgment hammer down, but still—
A privacy curtain separated Benny from the outside world and Dean almost didn’t proceed further, not wanting to see Benny’s face.
land for a shopping center that was as big an eyesore as South Hill, and were extremely persistent in bothering several people in town to try and buy their business. They were viewed as cold and aloof, tipped badly, and some believed they had greased the pockets of the mayor and police department.
Except one.
“Let’s do it again sometime,” Dean suggested, lowering his voice.
him put his “therapist” face on.
Zachariah left without another word to either of them and Castiel took his spot next to Michael.
She waved back, eyes bright and cheeks flushed with the heat. With a quick glance to the group, she jogged over to Cas and Dean with some necklaces and lollipops, pausing when she got to Cas.
Dean reached over and turned the radio off completely, leaving them in the dark, in complete silence sans the car engine, and without anything else to focus on other than the inevitable “goodbye”.
“Yeah, did landscaping and a lot of property work. Her uncle isn’t uh…you know—“
Dean shrugged.
“I didn’t say anything because I didn’t even realize how much I wanted it until it happened,” Dean eventually said after a moment of silence. He looked back up at Sam who stared at him, waiting for him to continue.
“Do you think the building is unlocked?”
Dean bit his bottom lip and closed his eyes, trying to keep the groan deep inside of him from escaping. He couldn’t open his mouth to answer Cas and nodded instead.
“Maybe if the lights were on.”
“Shoulda gotten here sooner, m’tired now,” Cas mumbled, but still shifted his hips backwards. Dean let out another sharp breath and closed his eyes for a moment.
“He keeps his hands clean,” Cas mumbled, still picking at his nail.
It wouldn’t have been such a big deal if his brain did not keep trying to overthrow his wishes and stick Cas in where the mystery man would be. That’s what made it unbearable to think about.
But everyone had remained in the TV den, and now Dean could hear the yells of Marv and Harry. Someone put Home Alone on, one of Jack’s favorites. Dean glanced around regardless, just to make sure. Not a single person, or dog, in sight.
Cas laughed and peered back over the box, “Yes, so, I managed to secure a week at the Flat Creek Ranch for this summer. Someone answered my prayers because when I had called a week before, they had no availability.”
As Cas turned to look at his phone, wanting to give in to the desire to open back up those pictures, he realized he hadn’t been to church since he left Indiana. He hadn’t even done his nightly prayer routine he had gotten so accustomed to over the years.
“If it’s too personal or anything that’s okay I just—“
So, Dean sat in silence on the 45-minute trip back to the cabin. Plotting.
Deep down, in the honest part of himself, Dean acknowledged that he did worry slightly about reaction on the whole, but especially from Sam. There wasn’t any worry that Sam wouldn’t accept it, but even years after the dust settled, Dean could tell it was hard for Sam to let go of certain ways of looking at things. If Dean couldn’t ever imagine a ring on his finger, then Sam probably didn’t even entertain the
“Do you have—”
Instead, he stayed on his side and leaned into every touch and every whisper by his ear, letting himself get swept away in the lazy movements of the morning.
A minute of silence passed between them as Cas attempted to finish eating the ice cream. He gave up almost as soon as he started and stood up to throw it away with Hannah’s words bouncing around in his head.
“I don’t know—I guess we didn’t really think about that,” Sam explained, “To me, the fear of not being able to see her for probably the rest of my life outweighed any other consequence. I know it sounds—very stupid but I just kinda went with what I felt was right.”
Cas stayed in his spot, wanting to leave, but had one last thing to ask.
He wanted to say more, but restrained himself, keeping those thoughts inside for a more proper time.
In the deeper part of himself, the one that held things he often wanted to ignore, the shit under lock and key, reminded Dean that in the back of his mind, he knew going into their adventure Sunday night that it wasn’t a normal one-night stand type of deal.
