"Lemme mope, Dum Dum," he whispered, tossing the blanket over his head.
Peter sniffled and nodded, barely slurping at his milkshake on the way home. Once they were home, he unbuckled himself and sadly got out of the car, trudging inside with his half-empty cup.  After Steve unbuckled Sammy and grabbed the diaper bag, he turned carefully to Tony.
"Would you like that?"
The dark haired man was in awe at the texture, running his fingers up and down inquisitively. Up was rough, down was smooth, and the scales refracted light in many shades of blue. He ran his hands over the opaque fins on the side with a soft hum.
"He wanted to learn," Tony shrugged, "He saw me feeding him and asked to learn, so I taught him. He can't quite hold Sammy up, though."
He laughed sheepishly, sighing as he sat on the tub so Steve could work on the burns. After he applied the ointment, Steve wrapped bandages around Tony's chest, helping the other slip his shirt back on.
"Oof-- kid, y'squishin' me," Tony laughed, turning on his side so Peter could cuddle up, "There. Better?"
He stopped to grab the pajamas and new underwear for the boy before heading to the bathroom, setting the kid on the floor.
"Strawberry, an' chocolate sauce," he replied, eagerly waiting for Steve to hand him his cup.
Tony smacked his ass, laughing.
"Okay. Meet you at my car," Tony hummed, kissing his cheek.
." Peter said with an eye roll, looking up at Peggy.
Tony tsked and rolled his eyes, quickly drying himself down. "Let's get into some warm sweats and sleep," he murmured, already walking towards his bedroom.
"It’s okay baby, I love that you're bigger," He purred, laughing and kissing Steve's cheek, "Yes, please."
Tony lifted the tray over Pete's head, setting it out of his reach.
"Coddling babies isn't everything to parenting, unfortunately," Tony mumbled, bouncing Sammy in his arms, "I can get babies to sleep fine, it's when they start talking that I have the issue."
"I love blueberries," he mumbled.
"We're such saps," he laughed, capturing Steve's lips again, "Saps who have a house to look at."
," he drawled, a bit more awake, "I got one thing left. I think."
Steve nodded with a small hum. "Mm-hm. Jus' tired." He sighed, leaning into Tony's touch. "Thank you...”
Tony smirked, shaking his head with a small chuckle. Thanks to the camera in the face plate, he knew where it was. He just wanted to ruffle Steve's scales a little.
8:53 P.M.
Pepper laughed quietly at that and unwrapped one of her bags, making appreciative noises as she drew out a soapbox.
"So," Steve started, glancing at Tony "have you gotten to a place you can stop so you can hang out with us today?"
He closed the distance and gently pressed his lips against Steve's, hand cupping the blond's cheek tenderly. Steve made a soft sigh against Tony's lips, leaning slightly into the kiss. His eyes fluttered shut, opening only when they parted. His head fell back against the floor, looking up at the detective more dazed than beforehand.
"It’s winter. It’s gonna be cold, buddy." Steve explained, helping Peter dry off. "That's why we are putting you in warm jammies and under warm blankets so you don't catch cold. It stinks to be sick right around and on Christmas, trust me."
“Eager, hm?" Tony opened one of the desk drawers to pull a bottle of lube out, quickly coating his fingers and warming up the liquid.
Steve looked a little nervous.
He kissed the head of his cock before licking a stripe on the vein underneath, easily taking him into his mouth. The blond groaned behind the gag, legs twitching upwards a bit as Tony worked. He snaked his hands up into Tony's hair, stroking it gently in praise.
Steve smiled back at Tony sweetly in thanks, looking down at the book.
Tony rolled his eyes fondly at them and cleaned up the mess, soon on their heels as they headed to the kitchen. He took Peter from Steve, setting him on his hip.
Tony nodded and dashed over to Peter, sitting down next to the clearly upset child. "Pete? Honey? What happened, baby?" He asked softly, wincing when Peter started to cry once he put a comforting hand on his back.
"Well it'll darken as he gets older, I'm sure." Steve hummed as the bacon sizzled. "And if he looks bald, that’s fine. He's a baby."
"If y'tell Miss Parks, Flash'll know I told an' I get bullied more," he whined, "I'd rather just... deal wiff ‘im until the end of d’year."
"Otay Papa," Peter replied sleepily, obviously extremely unwell as he settled down, little face beading with sweat.
Steve contemplated it for a moment, and then nodded.
Peter walked in from the kitchen, the only evidence giving him away being a streak of blue paint on his cheek.
He smiled, smooching Steve again.
"Awe, lighten up a lil, Stevie," Tony teased, wiggling his backside and sending the blond a wink, "Just a little harmless talk."
Steve's cheeks tinged pink slightly, smirking back over at Tony. "If that’s what you think, hon. I guess I'm just a bit self-conscious about it. I've never had to deal with too much weight gain before." He hummed slightly.
"You tell me what you want," Tony ordered, scraping his teeth down Steve's neck, "Beg for it."
"Hey you," he murmured, scooping the boy up, "Ready to eat?"
Tony chuckled softly, wrapping his arms around Steve's waist and kissed his cheek. He sighed happily, falling asleep next to Steve. Steve stayed asleep like a log for a few hours, groaning as he woke up and tried to move. Bad idea, bad idea. Barely moving, a strong soreness shot through his whole body. He stopped, staying in his original spot and humming uncomfortably.
Steve smiled back fondly at the praise, taking a bite of the meal himself. It was certainly different from raw fish, the cream sauce and lemon giving the fish a different taste than what he has tried before. It wasn't half bad cooked this way, he thought.
"Well, it'll be awhile before he or she could walk, but that's the right attitude," Sharon laughed, taking the folder back and putting it into a yellow shipping envelope, "If you need anything, my number's in the folder I gave you."
"Will do." Steve laughed softly. "Of course if that does happen and you are asleep on top of me, then you'll be woken up too, regardless."
Sammy gurgled back happily, but Steve held him close. "If you're sick, we need to disinfect everywhere. We can't have the baby getting sick. And if you don't feel well, we need to get you up to bed, hydrated and resting."
He rambled on, to the point where Peter groaned loudly, giving the two adults a grumpy look.
"...And this guy had to of saw Steve. He was looking for him." The purple shirted guy was saying to another with...Was that a metal arm???
"Aye aye, Sir." Steve said playfully, kissing Tony quickly before heading out of the car to retrieve their spoils.
He smooched Peter's forehead, almost immediately knowing that he was gonna get sick from Peter.
Steve gasped quietly as Tony stroked, hips twitching up into the attentions slightly. He noised gently as Tony continued, looking up at the man softly. Leaning down, Tony gently pressed their lips together, licking his way into the blond's mouth. He groaned softly, feeling Steve harden in his hand.
He was just not going to finish that sentence.
"And maybe add a little silhouette later," Tony muttered under his breath. He coughed, sipping at his coffee. "I know what we're doing after we paint, though," he said a bit louder.
"Papa gets jealous?" Peter asked surprised. "What's he get jealous ofs? He don't gots a brotha."
"I got it, Papa." Peter stated, heading upstairs to the bathroom.
go clean up the kitchen, okay?".
"Why are you taking Sammy out of his crib? Without Daddy and I's permission?" Steve asked gently, crossing his arms as he looked at Peter
He hummed happily, kissing the pout off Steve's lips.
"Okay." Steve said with a sigh of relief. He was worried he frightened Tony. Steve leaned down for a kiss, slipping two fingers into Tony's entrance.
Peter giggled, happy to dig into his finger food.
"I don't want him to turn out like me, Steve."
," he wailed, "
"I would never introduce you to something that could hurt you Steve. I promise." He assured, hearing the doorbell soon after. "And that would be the pizza! Good, I'm starving, aren't you? We can visit them again tomorrow. Now we eat!"
Tony rolled his eyes fondly and started to swing, reaching over to push Peter along with him.
Tony slipped his hands under Steve's hips to lift him up, giving him a better angle.
"We okay?" He asked softly.
Tony flicked his eyes up to Bucky before scooting around him, dodging Clint's grasp with practiced ease; he didn't care that there were footsteps behind him, he didn't care that it was torrential outside, that the rain plastered his clothes to his skin and his hair to his face. He didn't
'I'd want that. I'd like that very much. And yes, there is all summer for certain.' He assured, slowly taking Tony's hand, carefully feeling and taking in the work-calloused skin of Tony's fingers. 'I want to learn from you and spend what time I can with before that time is up. Wanna make the choice I made truly worth it...'
Steve nodded, finishing up his milk as well.
, yes," Tony moaned loudly, slamming his hips down, "A-ah, baby, yes, god--"
"That's hot," Tony laughed into his coffee, rolling his eyes, "This is the timeout corner. Essentially."
"If we're not too old, and I buy a hell of a lot of viagra, yes."
"Mmm, I'll get him," Tony yawned, pushing himself up off the floor.
, princess," Tony rolled his eyes, trying to egg Steve on, "It's not
Steve grinned at that, shrugging at Peter. "I told you, munchkin; Daddy thinks I'm handsome. He just can't help but kiss me." He chuckled, grabbing some paper and setting it on the table next to the crayons.
He moaned shamelessly, little breathy gasps leaving his lips. Steve's moans started to mingle with Tony's as he picked up their pace. He faltered only slightly for the moment, leaning up against the headboard and bending his knees for Tony to lay back on if he wanted or needed to. He took advantage of the new position, leaning in to leave kisses and small nips along Tony's neck and collarbone.
"...Flash Thompson. He's been mean to me at school." He murmured softly, picking at Tony's shirt. "He's why my glasses broke the other day, too. Not cuz I sat on them..."
Sammy babbled back happily, crawling up onto Steve to sit on his chest. Peter tsked and rolled his eyes, dragging out his coloring book and crayons before laying down on the floor.
Sammy chewed on his ring and made happy noises up at Tony, reaching up to pet his goatee.
"Mmm, still. I haven't rewarded you in a while, pet," Tony hummed, tracing a finger over Steve's lips, "I want to. Let me?"
"Can I get bofe?" Peter turned his puppy eyes up to Steve, sticking out his little pink lip, "Pwease, Papa?"
He laughed, but swallowed his glee at the animalistic look in his husband's eyes.
"I can see why," he smirked, "You make the cutest noises, and look so fuckable over my lap. Does your boyfriend find places to spank you? Get his hands all over your ass until your cock is throbbing?"
"This is why you're the smart one." Steve grinned. He gave Tony a smooch back before heading back towards the living room.
"Depends. Got the box of stuff I've saved from a month back," Tony purred, curling up in Steve's lap, "Tonight counts as our wedding night, darlin'."
Waiting to hear Steve's breath even out, Tony carefully extracted himself from the blond's arms and got to work. The sunset was soon approaching; Tony quickly got the blowup mattress outside and set it up, quietly putting candles around the yard and lighting them before sprinkling rose petals amongst the grass. He laid blankets and pillows on the mattress and headed inside, making a trail of rose petals to the couch.
"M'not old, Papa," Pete whispered, "M'only
That only lasted for so long.
He grinned up at Steve, kissing his cheek.
Peter caught his breath and hiccuped, curling into Steve's arms.
Tony paused and put a finger to his lips, carefully sneaking over to the Peter-bundle on his tiptoes. Waiting a beat, he scooped the boy up, blanket and all, placing sloppy kisses on Pete's cheeks.
Steve hummed sleepily as he felt the touches, shuffling softly before he slowly opened his eyes and peered at Tony.
Tony nodded, and once his stomach settled, he stood on shaky legs, barely getting up the stairs to brush his teeth of the rancid taste. He coughed again, closing his eyes at the small wave of nausea.
"S'he okay?" Tony murmured, coming over to sit next to the tub, "You look.... Sticky, kid."
"Well, dinner's almost ready. Let's comb your hair and get your hands washed, okay?"
"Oh--baby--" Steve said carefully, managing to crawl over to Tony and observe the damage.
New life, New doubts, new promises.
"Are you trying to tell me he is a mermaid?" Pepper said disbelievingly, crossing her arms. "I know we've seen aliens and gods, but mermaids? Really, Tony?"
"Love you," he breathed.
"Loads of people long for approval, and like in your case not everyone gets it from who they think they need it from. But that may not be who they really need approval from." Rhodey stated. "He belittled you so much, Tony. So much that it'd make you doubt your worth. But you have to realize that you are worth so much more than that. The person whose approval you need is yourself. Forget what you think you needed from Howard. He was not a father to you regardless of biologically being so. He isn't worth regretting not having approval from."
"Thanks for the talk Clint, but know I need to go talk to Tony.".
"I never been much of a drinker. At least not the hard stuff. A beer now and then when I'm hanging out with the guys." Steve explained, deciding to reach up and help wash out Tony's hair. "But I've never had a Sex on the Rocks. Have to tell me what’s needed so I can go get it for later."
He grinned, loosely tangling their legs together.
be old--"
"Sorry! Just trying to make sure we have everything and it’s all sorted." Steve answered, traipsing down the stairs.
Tony flicked his eyes up, raising an eyebrow at the blond.
"Wow. You really wanna impress Aunt Pep, huh munchkin?" He chuckled, setting the plate down.
Steve's hands immediately shot up to lace into Tony's hair, pulling the man close and into a deep kiss. He could taste himself on the man's lips and his lip hurt from biting it, but he needed to touch Tony. Needed to be connected.
Steve held Peter to him, brushing his hair gently with his hand. "See what I mean? You okay, Petey Pie?"
The brunette looked at him questioningly for a moment before he spoke.
much." He grinned.
"I am to make a three piece art series. It can be any medium I want to use and each piece has to evoke an emotion of sorts.".
"Hey buddy! You're starting to get your first tooth there," Tony exclaimed, barely able to see the little shard of white poking up through Sammy's gum, "Already sharp.... Great. Don't eat the furniture."
"Just bafs." Peter stated seriously, wriggling out of his overalls. "Whatsa showa like, Daddy?"
"I've totally ruined you," Tony groaned, looking up at Steve with lidded eyes, "Where'd my innocent boyfriend go? Hm?" He smirked, stroking his hands down Steve's chest.
"I would prefer that. Yeah." Steve hummed. "I just felt better about you knowing if I'd look than if I just went and did that." He said, squeezing his hand back. "As long as you're comfortable with it, love."
"He got Steve and me plushies too. Mine's a shark, and Steve's is a manta ray," Tony added in, coming over to flop down onto his recliner.
The two sat outside of a cafe on campus later that day once their classes were done, sipping at their drinks as they began to discuss details. Tony had been the one to utter the first question to start the discussion.
He dropped the rope tied to his suit, speed-walking towards the figure. The closer he got, the more sure he was that it was Steve.
"You haven't called me that in quite a while..." He murmured, keeping his face into his husband's neck.
"Tony--" Steve said in a sing-song tone, but it sounded a bit threatening. "Now I know that is a flat out lie."
"You stay right here." Steve insisted, swatting Tony once lightly with his hand. "That's where you were found. That's why you were sent to the principal. So obviously you were caught."
"You should have seen him, Tony. He was sat up like a big boy and so proud of himself." Steve explained, playing with Sammy's fingers.
"That doesn't make it your fault, Tony. I should've been more aware." Steve sighed, shaking his head.
"Then I'll have to be sure that I only bottom when I don't have work the next day." He chuckled.
"I DO NOT WANT TO TALK RIGHT NOW, STEVE!".
"Admire all you want," Tony laughed, burrowing himself into Steve's chest, "I think I need a couple more hours. Still tired. And cold."
"Sorry officer, I don't have no lawyer," Tony murmured, slowly unbuttoning his shirt, "Isn't there anything I can do? I can't go back to jail.”
"Pete got sick. Throwing up, fever," Tony sighed, "I'll go get him, wouldja put his bed down and clean up so when he gets home, he can go straight to bed?"
"Hi," Tony hummed, looking up at Steve.
"Whatever you want, dearie," Tony replied, automatically lacing his hand with Steve's, "All I know is they have French silk pie and I'm a sucker for that."
"Yeah, I know 'ow," Peter replied, eagerly flipping to the next page, "I pr'fer books."
Sammy looked up at Peter with his toothless smile, starting to blow kisses at the boy.
Tony laughed into the kiss, wrapping his arms around Steve's back. He pulled back slowly, a faint blush on his cheeks.
The blond nodded in understanding, looking back at the drawings a little embarrassed even if he didn't remember drawing them.
"So, Steve-o, tell me about yourself. Sit, sit, take your shoes off, get comfy--"
"Thank you," Tony mumbled, snuggling into Steve's stomach, "Love you."
Shaking his head, Tony leaned into Steve's touch.
"We should take a vacation. Just the two of us. Take a couple days off to go to a cabin somewhere, and do nothing but go at it like bunnies." He grinned, trying not to laugh.
"No one calls him Hawk, by the way. Himself maybe, but no one else.".
"We's not meanies, we gots you ice crweams." Peter explained, being set down on the bed next to Tony and Sammy. "And ice crweam's good."
"No internet, and it only has learning games on it. Jumpstart, Clue Finders, stuff like that. And it automatically shuts itself off at 7PM," Tony grinned, "I'm not that bad of a parent, Barton."
He groaned, a grin on his face.
"Steve. That you like him.".
"I really hope not. I enjoy being your PA." Steve said coyly. "But I just can't work for a boss who'll be mean to me, Mr. Stark.".
"Wasn't deep. Might itch, but not more than that," Tony mumbled, following after Steve regardless, "I'm sorry...”
"He can get out by his'self's," Peter grumbled, looking away.
"Yeah!" Peter cheered, startling Sammy.
cute--" Tony babbled on excitedly, gesturing in the air.
Sammy giggled at the raspberry, babbling happily as he was picked up. He patted at Tony's chin and beard with a tiny hand, squealing softly.
Peter nodded, putting his penguin under his chin so he could see the book.
"Ooh, those would look hot too." Steve joked back, taking out his wallet to pay for their tickets.
"Shhh," Peter patted Steve's chest, "Y'talkin' over her singin', Papa."
"Right. Date." Tony hummed till he fell asleep, quietly snoring into Steve's side.
"Depends if y'good," Tony whispered under his breath, whipping around in time to catch the little blur that flew up at him.
The doorbell rang, leaving Tony with a cheesy grin on his face.
"Not my fault you find the wrong times to let out your adorable laugh." He hummed sweetly.
"Maybe later I can make up for what happened another way. Right before bed so you're nice and relaxed." He hummed in thought, running his fingers through Tony's hair to fix it.
"Daddy's too old for kissies," Tony joked, taking his time to lay down on the floor next to them, "And too hurt. I think I pulled my back from sleuthing, Watson."
"Y'know, I'm pretty sure the paint is dry now." He pointed out, tracing small shapes on Tony's skin.
The phone in their dorm started to ring.
"You love it though, don't you? Love that I can fill you up like this?" He breathed, caressing Tony's hips as they moved
"I didn't know Tony had a friend over. Its been quite a while since I have stumbled upon one here without him mentioning it, as well." She spoke with a bit of aggravation in her tone.
"Mm-hmm." Steve hummed playfully, a small smile on his lips. "After we rest a few minutes, I expect you to." He purred, running light fingers over the marks he had made.
"Papa?" he mumbled, bleary as he sat up, "Daddy? Was ya talkin's 'bout me?"
"Things has been said, but there was no attempt of anything." Pepper interjected. "From what I was told from Tony, at least. I'm sure Steve would have said if there were more than just words exchanged."
"Just.... conversation," Natasha hummed, swirling around a glass of what looked like white wine, "Talking about our significant others."
Tony paused, stopping his scratches.
"No, y'aven't," Peter mumbled, rubbing his eyes, "Buh I 'ave a feelin' you's gonna tell me."
Steve hummed in thought with a nod. "That could be true. I mean, we didn't get ours until we were in our mid-teens. The ones born past 2000 wouldn't even be at that age just yet." He explained.
“Yeah, that sounds good," Tony hummed, seating Peter in his lap, "You hungry, Pete?"
Speaking of which, he should be coming in soon.
"You're definitely wearing these more often," Tony mumbled, tugging at the panties, "And we're going to buy you more. And have you wear them all the time."
Tony snorted, laughing at the papers.
"Never just f'y'body," Tony breathed, taking his already hard cock out and lubing himself up, "Much more than that."
"It’s because you got me started again. That's
"You do. But you like to spoil him. He's someone to spoil." Steve grinned over at him. "I recall you being adamant of spoiling me when we were dating. In case you forgot."
"I love when you get all smoochy like this," he sighed happily, "My gorgeous, perfect sap."
"All cozy, booboo? We're gonna let you take a little nap, okay?" Steve hummed quietly as he sat in the rocking chair, baby in his arms.
"Thank you," Tony chuckled, letting himself down. He hobbled into the shower, sighing as he slid down onto the shower seat.
____________________
"Passed, yes." Tony finished, stroking tears off of Steve's cheeks gently with his thumb. "This is more or less the crossroads. You had been visiting a lot the past few weeks, but there was still a grip holding you to Earth. But you settled what you needed. You may not have thought you knew you were skating the edge, but deep down you knew, yeah?"
Tony gave Steve a minute before pulling it back out slowly.
"All right. See you later, Bucky. Thank you." Steve hummed, watching him leave before making sure the room was all set up before locking it as he left.
"Otay," he mumbled, letting Steve scoop him up.
Tony huffed pathetically, leaning forward to put his head on Steve's chest.
"Shut up you," Tony grumbled, "Meanie."
Steve grinned softly at Tony, head shaking lightly.
"Hey, hey it was just a door, sweetie, it’s okay," Tony soothed, bouncing the baby, "You're okay, you're okay--"
"Steve. Steeeeve. I feel--" he poked the cut under the bandage, crying out in pain.
Tony smirked, stretching Steve out with three fingers.
idea." He moaned. "You feel fucking
"Oh my god, big nerds, the both of you," Tony laughed, "Steve, you're gonna make him pee himself, and get him all riled up before bed."
Steve swooped in to hold Peter up while he brushed his teeth. He looked about to fall over.
Sammy made a squeaking noise, smacking his bottle against the high chair tray for emphasis.
Steve had skimmed over it as Tony read through, taking the papers and making sure to sign everything he needed to. With the last swish of the
"No." Steve responded carefully, unsure to react to all the kisses. They just met and barely actually knew each other, but oddly it felt right.
Steve groaned softly as he took in the rest, still trying to completely adjust. "Thank goodness. Don't think I could take more right yet." He breathed, wriggling a bit more.
"Mmm, I love the hue your face turns, though," Tony murmured, tucking a strand of hair behind Steve's ear, "It's like a cherry blossom in spring."
"Yeah, Daddy. Kissies help." Steve smirked, nuzzling at Tony's cheek before planting a kiss there.
Tony started to chuckle loudly.
"Oooh yeah--" Steve moaned out, grabbing carefully onto Tony's hips and wriggling his hips further up into the heat. "Mmm, y'already feel perfect, baby--".
He missed Steve's look again, pulling up the sheets on his bed.
"Don't make me feel like a prostitute," Tony laughed, "Don't thank me for sex, love. You can thank me by returning the favor
"No need to. I feel it." Johan said with a wicked smirked. "You've been visiting with a human, naughty boy. And now you wish to join him on the surface. You tell yourself it is only to explore, but there is another reason growing inside you, isn't there?"
"Stevie, baby, shh, its okay. Go to your apartment, I'll call boss man, okay?" Tony was already out of bed, massaging Steve's shoulders as he pushed the blond toward the door.
Comments are really appreciated! <3
Steve clung to Tony protectively, absolutely fuming with wetness prickling at the corners of his eyes. He was silent for the moment, the voice of that...that
The other man just shrugged, a smirk on his face as he walked up to the doorway to retrieve his arrow.
He smoothed Steve's hair down, biting his lips to try and stop the flow of moans from his throat.
smart," he murmured, flipping open his book.
"I am honored you would come to me for such a task, captain. Truly." The Warlock preened.
"Daddieeeees," Peter complained, "M'hungry!"
fast," Tony teased, laughing when Steve shot up in bed, "I'm kidding, sweetie, c'mon, warm shower for the thoroughly fucked."
"I... I don't know
"You change the sheets, I'll... Deal with this," he mumbled, rubbing his face as he headed for the medical kit.
"No. Bad, James." She scolded lightly.
great. Don't worry, baby." He soothed softly. "You gonna wait a little before going back to sleep? I'll stay up with ya."
"Papaaaa, m'
"Mm, love you too, so much," Tony breathed, kissing Steve's collar before allowing his eyes to slip shut, "More than y'could know."
"The guy we're seeing-- he's a psychologist and a psychiatrist,” he replied, "Pep really knows this guy, says he knows his stuff. Let's... Let's go before I wimp out."
"Did you get a picnic blanket?" He teased, "Or are we gonna eat off the grass?"
"What's up, pipsqueak?"
"Peter," Steve coaxed gently. "Your father apologized. Don't you think you have something you need to say to him?".
Tony slept deeply, waking up peacefully, not remembering the day before. He yawned and stretched, immediately concerned to see tear tracks on Steve's face.
"So needy." Steve joked back quietly, looking over and kissing Tony deeply. "Glad ya feel okay, though."
Peter gasped and took the lollipop, looking up at Tony with wide eyes.
"Hey!" Peter piped up, causing Tony to laugh and put his fingers over the babe's lips.
Tony nodded, swooping over to his husband to give him a quick kiss on the lips before heading off with Sammy to the nursery.
"You teachin' me how ta draw?" Peter asked curiously, grabbing a pencil. "I figured Papa'd do that."
"I-I'm sorry sir, but he just makes me feel so amazing. I can't help it." He breathed out, laying his head on the desk.
"M'good, m'okay, you can move," Tony groaned.
He poured more water over Peter’s head, getting the shampoo out before starting to scrub him up.
"You wore silk panties for me once." Steve stated as he looked around, a slight pink tint to his cheeks. "But no, never a whole getup before. I think you'd look good in something red. Like a velvet red color. Or a crimson."
Sammy giggled again and blew more kisses, to which Peter sighed and rolled his eyes. He stood and put his markers away before trudging down to his room, grabbing up his biology textbook before settling in his hammock to re-read his favorite chapter: Arachnids.
Steve whined slightly at the loss when Tony removed his fingers, only to wince slightly as the man slipped in.
"Sir, yes sir." Steve breathed, slipping away from under Tony and shuffling a bit as he headed upstairs to do each instruction.
Tony rolled his eyes and slid down on the couch, letting Peter curl up on his chest.
'Gee, thanks.' Steve scoffed, an amused roll of his eyes and chuckle leaving his throat as he leaned against the car.
Tony rolled his eyes fondly, leaning down to smooch the boy's forehead before going back to his breakfast. Sammy looked up curiously from his spot in Tony's lap, eyeing the food and reaching for the other half of his daddy's toast with a garble.
"I know, I know, shhh, it’s okay, you're gonna be fine, just a few more minutes," Tony soothed, more to his own nerves.
"Yeah, sorry, that's what I meant," Tony chuckled softly, lifting up Peter's hand to kiss it, "You're okay baby, there's no need to get upset, you're
Steve's eyebrows quirked at the suggestions.
He adjusted himself and Steve in the bed, moving them around so that the blond's back was to him. Tony snaked his arms around the merman's waist, spooning his body up behind for comfort and to help keep them warm. "How's this?"
"Change the sheets real quick, please, I'll be right back," he murmured, stealing a kiss before throwing on pajamas and hobbling out the door.
"Nah, buh Daddies awe boys 'n Mommies awe gir's." Peter pointed out as his pants were slipped on. "'N Papas awe Daddies so Papa's a boy. 'S sciense, Daddy."
Steve smiled back and sent loving thoughts in return as he headed up the stairs to settle into bed for a quick nap.
"I'll eat later, hon, thanks for asking though," Tony hummed, turning onto his side once Steve got up, "I'm gonna try and sleep this spell off."
He set Tony in the backseat carefully and took the driver's seat, starting the car and heading to the hospital as fast as he could legally. He glanced back from time to time to see--or more so hope Tony was somewhat okay. When Tony woke up, he immediately inhaled the scent of antiseptic, subconsciously reaching out to take out the familiar IV in his arm. He winced when his hand got smacked away, groggily opening his eyes.
Tony held back his laughter and slipped a third finger in, easily finger-fucking Steve greedily.
"I love you too, snookie," Tony laughed, "You can nap too, y'know. Your nerves might need it."
Peter preened under the praise, kicking his legs happily.
"I might try to. I haven't been able to so far. Couldn't hurt though, right?" He stated with a smirk at Tony.
Steve took in Tony's presence happily, touching at skin lovingly. "Hopefully that way with odds will be true for the Stark-Rogers’, as well." He smiled softly. "Let’s get back to bed, hm? Your leg will probably get sore soon."
He grinned, laying down so his head was in Steve's lap.
"You're burning up, baby," he mumbled, retucking the blankets in around him.
"After that, Pops found out about my situation and was more than happy to help move my stuff from Howard's house." Tony smiled fondly. "Even gave the jerk a good talking to.".
"I dunno what you're talking about..." Steve said with a soft smirk. "I get a bit sass-mouthed sometimes, but I'm a very good boy."
Steve found his own apron, tying it around himself and going to start rolling out the dough.
"C'mere, sweetheart." Steve said with his voice breaking as he spoke, pulling Tony close to him like his life depended on it. "M' so sorry love, but you're okay now. He can never hurt you again. Never again."
Steve pulled back and cupped his face, kissing his lips gently and caressing his cheeks.
"Must've been good, then." Steve grinned, kissing the top of his head. "Well, I brought up coffee and sandwiches. We can eat and then do something, if you'd like."
"Your Daddy is just being dirty. A dirty man. Ignore him." He explained, finishing up the waffles and carrying them to the table.
"I've missed this," Tony murmured, grabbing the bottle of lube tucked under a pillow on the mattress, "Miss
don't plan on going again anytime soon." Tony smirked, reaching up to tap Steve's cheek. "I know how many times I can go, it's you I'm interested in," he drawled.
"I --a bwotha? Sista?" Peter replied, confused.
! I'm not angry at Steve!" Tony screamed, "I'm angry at my fucking self for being a fucking
"I don'--"
When Steve woke next, it was later in the morning. The spot beside him in the bed was cold, so Tony had to have been up for a good amount of time.
"I don't want him to think that it's okay for him to 'express' himself on expensive furniture."
much today." Tony answered with his signature smirk, drying his hands from the dishes. Seeing the blush that crept up the blond's face definitely made it worth it. "But yeah, a movie sounds like a good way to wind down from today. Something light and mind-numbing would be great."
happy that we have your permission," Tony hummed, swooping in to sit next to Peter on the couch.
Steve stayed silent, unsure what to say. Nothing he said was going to bring either of them back. All he could do was be with Tony through this and help him make it the best he could. It was all a lot to just take in, the crash, right after planning to invite them, and now the whole company is going to be thrust at Tony? Steve just hugged him close, running soothing hands along the younger's back.
Hmm..." Steve hummed in thought. "It may sound silly, but I'm sort of wanting to watch an animated film. Something lighthearted."
"We did lots of 'speriments, an there was a
Peter nodded and shoved cheerios in his mouth, eyes glued to Hannah Montana. With that, Tony trooped up to the art room, closing the door and locking it behind him.
Steve turned and looked back at Tony, a dark scowl on his face.
"Hmm... How many times have I said I love you today?"
!" Steve moaned louder, hands tightening at the nape of Tony's neck. "Right there baby,
Steve blinked for a moment in thought, lips pursing slightly.
"No, no, sweetie. Its okay, just grabbing a towel to get you dry. Shh." Steve comforted, swaddling the baby in a fluffy towel to dry as he carried him up to the nursery.
"Don't worry, I'll help you out munchkin." Steve assured, smooching the top of Peter's head. "So. We all ready to go, boys?"
"Thought so," Tony chuckled, carrying the boy upstairs, "Do you need me to sit in the tub with you? Or will you be able to sit up for me?"
"Innocence," Sharon hummed, settling Sammy in her arms, "However, I figured we'd give him formula, rather than-- attach."
"Alright, alright," he grumbled, not letting himself leave the room before Steve.
"Nice to meet you, Steve. Next time, maybe we can chat more." Pepper said with a small hum. "Don't let Tony cause you any trouble."
He learned a lot today, although it was a short day, but now it was time to sleep.
"You're so gorgeous, Stevie," Tony mumbled, gently kissing his inner thigh, "So gorgeous."
He scooted off to his workshop, dragging a chair over to sit at the desk.
"So what if I happen to like the guy? You wouldn't have bothered or cared either way if it didn't have something to do with your image as Dean. That's the only reason you ever pay attention to me when you do, is when it has something to do with how YOU are seen. Hell, people had to come and TELL you about a situation like this because you sure don't ever bother talking to me, let alone attempt being involved in what's going on in my life!".
He leaned against the bed and looked back at Tony. "So... Gonna tell me what they are?"
"But I
"What's wrong, honey?" he asked quietly, taking note of Steve's red face before moving to Peter, "There's no need for tears, lil 'un."
"You need help getting up?" He asked softly.
"You're the biggest cheeseball," Tony huffed, kissing his breastbone before they started to walk again, "But apparently, you don't know how to dance. I'll teach you to tango sometime--" He trailed off, leaning against Steve's shoulder.
"If it’s any consoltashun, I don't think you mess up bad. You do really goods, Daddy."
"I love that you do, though. It's a good look for you," Tony purred, watching him hungrily, "It's gorgeous."
"I love hearin' your voice, Stevie," he murmured, pulling his fingers out to grab the lube again.
Steve smiled, chuckling gently. "Really is. Just think about when we'll have two to do this with for a little while. At least until this one hits his tween phase and finds it embarrassing."
"Oh, no, baby. Shh, shh... It’s okay." Steve hushed him gently, rubbing gently at the boy's back. "I don't want you to ever worry about that happening to Daddy and I, okay? We would never, ever separate. Never in a million years. You know why?"
"If you can't handle the kisses, stay out of the sweater." Steve joked as he calmed down, reaching to pet Peter's hair in apology.
father. Whenever Peter is over, he always talks about what he got to do with his Daddy or what his Daddy taught him. The kid
"Daddy's weal smart," Peter mumbled, resting his head on Steve's shoulder, "He knows lots."
Tony opened the box, smiling down at the little silver ring nestled in black velvet. Steve stared at the ring for the longest time, forgetting to breathe as he did. Tony eventually snapped him out of it, his eyes shooting up to meet the brunet's quickly and pulled Tony into a deep kiss happily.
'It was a warlock, not a witch.' Steve explained before he realized what Tony was really getting at. He flushed, looking to Tony and seeing a playful smirk rise on the brunet's lips.
Sammy scrunched up his face, clearly conflicted between laughing and crying.
He laughed, body shaking with the noise.
"Please do. I am pleased.
?!" Peter shrieked, bouncing in his seat, "Papa, can we see the penguins? Please please pleeeease?"
Tears were still streamed down his cheeks as he opened his eyes, the morning sun moving through his bedroom window. His old body ached as he moved to turn towards the opposite side of his bed, the side still cold to the touch. No Peggy. No Tony. Not for a long time, now...
The blonde quietened his laughter and started to speak again.
He gulped down a breath, trying to coax himself down from his anxious state, shivering despite the warm covers. Steve moved and curled up around Tony carefully, hushing him gently to keep him relaxed.
"Just a little," Tony grinned, still playing with Steve's hair, "Just you wait. I'll find something new to bring my blushing virgin boyfriend back out again."
Steve's eyes went wide and he could feel his face heat up.
He made sure Peter was tucked in well and left another kiss.
"I'm excited to start looking." He whispered wistfully. "I'm excited for a baby..."
Steve watched for the moment, still in slight shock and ghosting fingers over his lips as the kiss still tingled on his lips. A small, dopey grin started to grow on his lips, but he tried forcing it back.
"I think he is fine right now. No scarring." Steve hummed, deciding to lightly lay on top of Tony. "Just wanna lay down with yoooou."
Tony's mouth twitched a small smile. Blondie was sticking up for him.
"I didn't mean ta scare Sammy, eider." He admitted softly, kissing Tony's cheek back apologetically. "I was jus' mad. Is he otay?"
"Of course I do." Steve said reassuringly, closing his eyes. "It felt great and I had fun. Of course I would want a next time." He trailed his fingers along Tony's back. "And eventually, we could switch up roles or try other things, too."
He put the cookie cutter in flour before making his first cookie, grunting in exertion of force.
"Don't be rude. Besides, that would just be our room, and you guys wouldn't be going in there anyway." Steve smirked, scooting closer to Tony.
"Yes please," Tony grinned, settling his hands on Steve's thighs, "Aye aye, Captain. Full speed ahead."
"You know that telling me to ignore it is only going to make me ask more."
Children, general cuteness, and Steve's NOT a lady.
"Okay? Not too hot?"
"Ah, ah. I'm taking my time," Tony murmured, smooching the edge of the gag, "Lemme enjoy this."
The human held back a chuckle, but nodded.
"You okay?" He asked softly, eyes closed for the moment.
"Best tuck him into his own bed, Steve," Tony murmured.
He whimpered softly, forcing himself to relax into Steve's warm arms.
"Pep?" Tony croaked, sitting up from Clint's warm lap. He poked his head over the couch, a weak smile on his tired face, "Hey you."
Peter patted on the couch excitedly when he saw his Daddy and Papa walk back in the living room, the movie playing on the TV.
Steve huffed a small laugh and came to cuddle both Tony and Peter close.
Peter burrowed himself into Steve's chest, whimpering slightly as he felt his anxieties melt away.
busy man. Taking all this time out of his busy days to essentially babysit Steve until he had a decent grasp on human life had to be a burden on the man.
"No, no, they don't hurt, love," Tony whispered, looking sadly at the multitude of colors nearly covering the underside of his arms and chest, "Thank you, sweetie."
"Oh-- I left a project running to get the door--"
Steve snorted a laugh at the terminology. "Romp around? When did ‘ya start talking like that?" He hummed. "And that's not very nice. Considering how much you seemed to enjoy our wall adventure earlier before you couldn't breathe."
He stuffed socks onto the boy's feet, double checking that his hair was dry before scooping him up again. Peter looked back at Tony, a little confused by the statement, but nodded in understanding anyway as they headed back downstairs. Steve was just finishing cleaning up when they came down.
"I'll text them all and let them know and we'll deal tomorrow." The blond hummed, typing the group message on his phone.
Tony looked up at Steve with a confused look. "What do you mean?"
He leaned down to nibble on his husband's chin, gently kissing up to his ear.
"Well, you wanted to see it." Steve teased gently. "But we got out of the apartment for a while and got you to go on your first date, so it wasn't a loss."
“We're gonna switch a lot, but when we talk to my parents, I'm gonna need you to really help me," Tony mumbled, focusing on relaxing his muscles, "I usually can control, and I enjoy it, but, y'know. I love you being rough and I love you writhing under me. That's another thing, though. About me being submissive."
"They aren't useless." Tony stated, tone becoming a bit louder.
He nuzzled Steve's cheek, pressing a kiss to the edge of his lips.
"Gwenny idn't m'giwlfwiend!" Peter protested.
"What's wrong, Tony?" Steve asked softly, an apologetic look to his face. "Can you tell me about last night?"
"I want you to have everything you've ever wanted, Steve," Tony murmured, reaching over to put his hand on Steve's knee, "I love you.”
"If we were to have a ceremony, it wouldn't be too big anyway if we just invited our friends." Steve explained, tapping fingers gently on Tony's chest. "So really it could just go either way, really. I'd be happy with either, as long as we can say we're married."
'Ay, Ay, sir.' Steve teased back, following Tony back into the car with a content expression settled on his face the whole ride back home.
"I don' want Sammy to color," Peter muttered, scooting away slightly, "Dat's
"I trust you," he murmured, turning his head to kiss at Steve's neck.
The boy giggled softly, shaking his head.
"Dread," Tony answered, swinging himself back upside down in his chair, "Give me a hard one, Steve. Pun
like anything's concussed or broken," Tony sighed, trying to stretch his back, "I'm probably bruised as all hell though--"
Tony tested the bonds, feeling his cock jump at how tight the silk was. "Yessir," he replied softly, leaning into Steve's touch, "I'll behave..."
The blond flushed deeper, but nodded, climbing onto the bed and laying on his back in a way that was the most comfortable to him. His legs were bent and slightly open, gulping nervously as Tony's eyes raked over him in such a position.
"Looks like that nap did wonders, huh bubba?" He grinned, picking the boy up for a smooch when the table was set.
"Bleeding does not equal fine, Tony." Steve said worriedly, moving Tony's hand to clean the cut. "I'll have to make sure it doesn't scar. Jeez, I'm sorry Tony."
They continued with this until twenty was reached, Steve softly soothing Tony's bottom, red and sore.
Tony kissed him silent, easily slipping in a third finger; once he was sure Steve was loose enough, he slicked up his already hardened cock, quickly replacing his fingers. Steve moaned as Tony slipped in, rolling his hips to meet the other's.
Steve chuckled at that, pulling his collar back up.
"Mhm," Peter nodded, stuffing the last of his cookie in his mouth, "Dada's bein' schilly."
"Yeah, mhm,
"Well then, while that’s chilling, what would you two like to do?" Steve asked. "It'll be just a little while before it’s done."
Steve turned to see the boy peeking in their room quietly through the crack of the door.
The blonde looked back at Tony with a look of seriousness.
Groaning softly, Tony pushed his body up into Steve's lips, whining under his touch.
"Tank you." The boy hummed, kicking his pants off his legs. Once he was undressed, he toddled over to the tub and tried to climb in by himself.
"So babe, what're we doing today? Just hanging around?"
He was slouched, and slightly disheveled, but the tiny smile on his lips was a comfort.
He clapped Tony on the back and gently pushed him towards the truck before turning back to Steve. Steve extended his hand to the other man in greeting.
"Want it to feel good. Want you to enjoy it." Steve explained gently, moving back up and pulling Tony close to him.
"Don't worry. I get it. I just got worried, y'know? I'm just happy to finally know you are okay.".
"All right, I'm coming!" Steve laughed, following Peter along inside, paying their admission in and trailing the boy as they entered. "Where you wanna go first?"
“You guys don’t have to go digging for werewolf lore. I can always go looking for it myself.” The captain insisted, shaking his head. “I’m sure there are plenty of rabbit holes to go down involving the subject.”
Tony got kinda quiet, then he chuckled softly, leaning back to look up at Steve.
"Yes, yes, I see you," Tony rolled his eyes, trading Peter for Sammy, "How's my little bubble blower, hm?"
"Tony, this is my roommate Clint.".
"So bossy." Steve smirked back, following behind Tony up towards the apartment. "Remember what I said about patience?"
"You mean because I've never been on a date?" He shrugged, "I mean, I'm trying not to think about it. The promise of food helps."
Steve stared at Tony with utter shock on his face. He never saw Tony like this, never thought he was even capable of such things. Tony looked nearly broken, as if he would shatter at the slightest breeze. It hurt Steve to see him like this.
"That's m'good boy," Tony praised in a thick voice, helping to guide Steve's hips, "Y'so tight, Steve,
. It was printed clearly on this man's collarbone.
He stuck out his tongue at Steve, not at all concealing his smirk.
"I told you that you were gonna be the mother hen," Tony hummed with a raised eyebrow, "And that's okay, but once they get older..."
"Papa's so slooooow." Peter whined softly, hugging onto Tony's leg.
"...I'll text Bucky in a bit and see if it’s okay first. Then we'll ask Peter if he wants to." Steve whispered back, a pink tinge on his face that hasn't been there in quite a while.
Peter shrunk away slightly and nodded, trying to force himself to relax.
"We should check on the sprout," he said after a while.
"It wouldn't happen to be one that was sliced, would it?" Miss Potts questioned with an eyebrow quirked. "That seems like one you would look for."
"Well, it can still be our thing. But he'll still learn to color. He's a little one. It will help him learn." Steve responded, stroking Peter's hair. "You and I will still color plenty, just us two. I promise you, munchkin."
"Wish I could try walking sometime." The captain hummed, before shaking his head in frustration. "Oh, what am I doing? I am not supposed to be talking to you or any other humans for that matter."
"I dunno if they would allow me too, Petey." Steve said softly. "We'll have to ask the nurse first, okay?"
"So, did everything check out okay, Tony?" Steve asked playfully along with Peter's grin.
"I wanna draw a kitty cat," Peter decided, giving Steve one of his pencils, "Can y'teach me?"
"Pep! My favorite ginger," Tony grinned, running over to hug her, "Sleep well? Get your beauty rest? Not that you need it--"
"You've made me so goddamn emotional," Tony mumbled, nosing at Steve's palm, "I'm getting choked up over a little person that isn't even
"Can you believe Sammy will be five months soon?" He mumbled, nosing at Steve's collar, "Time flies..."
A nod in response.
"I love you, Tony." He whispered softly against skin.
Steve made a noise of amusement, shutting his eyes. "Well, I'll be sure to the next time I see you being
"No, no. It’s not really that private. We were leaving the topic, anyway. You don't have to go, Tony." Steve said carefully, catching Tony's hand before he got away. "Got all your stuff set up downstairs? Got grease on you." He hummed, wiping a spot off Tony's face.
"Now, don't flinch, but I'm going to put this blindfold on you. You won't have it on long, but I don't want you to see what I'm going to go get," Tony instructed carefully, wrapping the black silk over Steve's eyes, "One second, babe." Tony quickly made work of getting his toys ready, laying them out on the desk in the order he wanted.
As soon as Tony fell asleep, Steve quickly followed. He was out like a light and basically sleeping like a rock, soft snores escaping as they napped.
"Yeah, yeah, okay. Breakfast first, cuddles later." Steve snorted, smooching the boy's forehead as he stood up. "We'll have a big breakfast. French toast, scrambled eggs, bacon, the works. To feed Mr. Hungry here." He chuckled.
Steve gave a light smile.
"Fuck," he breathed, shuddering as he pulled out, "Fucking
"Yes, we do. I want to see the gorgeous house when get to." He hummed, then yawned softly. "But after sleep. And breakfast in the morning."
Tony hummed happily, taking Steve down as far as he could, swallowing and scraping his teeth down his length. He pulled off to take a breath, gently tonguing the slit before kissing the head and taking Steve down again.
"Talking to bots is not cute," he huffed, "It's manly as hell."
Steve cleared his throat anxiously, lounging back on their sofa. "Um, let’s see where we can continue... Ah! Um, seven letter word meaning to part two ways?"
"And you're not going to do it again,
"I love your body," Tony hummed, "And I'm aware that I'm aware I'm seductive. It's all charm, baby, and it's all yours." He flashed a grin, started to wash Steve's hair. "You're so cute like this," he murmured.
Steve raised an eyebrow playfully in response.
Steve's cheeks tinted a slight pink at the mention of something like that, eyeing the beads carefully.
"I do, you know I do," Tony mumbled, wrapping his arms around Steve, "I wish we could be lovey newlyweds again, y'know? We need a night to spark ourselves back up. A night off." He smiled up at Steve, going up on his tiptoes to kiss his lips.
Tony snorted, tilting his head back to laugh.
Steve was honestly a bit surprised at that. Altogether, that was
"Mhmm, whatever you say, Pete," Tony drawled, swooping Sammy up into his arms, "Just make sure you use protection when you kiss her, kiddo. Don't wanna get her pregnant."
"Mmm, once the cabin holiday gets here, it'll seem like the days are minutes," Tony hummed, grabbing the other half of the gifts, "Speaking of that, I need to go get stuff for the trip. Secret stuff."
. I could probably rent out the room The Shining was written about," Tony replied smugly, "It'd be a hell of a honeymoon, that's for sure."
" Tony snorted, putting his feet up on the coffee table, "I still don't know how you roped Nat and Pep into that."
"See? Now y'know what it feels like," he tsked.
Peter made roaring noises, which Tony quickly captured on his phone, smiling at the tiny boy stomping toward them in his teddy onesie.
Tony nodded and thanked her, waiting till she disappeared around the corner before turning to Steve.
"Mmm, y'gonna make me fall asleep," Tony yawned, curling up tightly, "Y'too comfy, Stevie."
"We should get flavored condoms. We don't use them much, but it's easier clean up," he murmured, turning back to the lingerie.
"You're a sap," Tony laughed, crawling in after Steve and snuggling up to him, "A warm sap, but a sap nonetheless. My sap."
"We'll get you comfy at home, munchkin. And we'll sleep." The blond hummed as they headed out to the car. "I already threw away the shrimp and things, too, okay?"
"Steve." Tony sighed, holding Steve's hand with both of his. "I love you. You can tell me anything. Whatever you're feeling, I wanna be there to support you." He kissed Steve's knuckles, standing to clear their plates. "You don't have to tell me now, if it makes you uncomfortable. But I do want to know."
Tony chuckled lightly.
"Now how is that going to go with a vampire?" Steve chuckled, noising gently as Tony began to work at his collarbone.
"Uh-huh." Peter answered, looking at Steve. "Was fun to see what Daddy does." He murmured, inching slowly towards the bed.
"Hungry, munchkin?" He asked, swooping Peter up once his hands were dry.
Peter tried to huff but it came out as a sniffle; he knew Steve was right, so he let himself be washed up, still slightly teary as he was helped out and wrapped a fluffy towel around himself. With a sad sigh, Peter sat on the edge of the tub, shivering when his feet touched the chilly tile.
“Oh! You're awake." Steve hummed as he poked his head into the bedroom, deciding now just to walk in. "How long you've been up?"
"A Stark is never late. Everyone else is simply early." Tony said regally, smirking back at the blond. "You behave. I'll be back by dinner."
"Always gonna spoil you," he hummed, "Good boys get spoiled."
"First ya say it’s too early for dinner, but now you're making me go to bed?" Steve grumbled as he dried off his hair, walking towards the bed regardless.
, Tony thought to himself, slowly moving down Steve's body to kiss his skin, tracing fingers over scars and moles, memorizing him like a map.
The meeting had been a stressful mess, little to no work getting accomplished in the almost twelve hours he was gone. There was so much work to try and figure out, but he didn't want to bring that and all the palpable tension inside of him inside to Steve. The merman didn't need that burdening him while it was Tony's issue to deal with, but knowing Steve, the man would try to make it his burden too. So Tony was going to take some of his deep breaths, psych himself up enough, enjoy dinner with his curious, aquatic friend and pretend like today didn't happen.
"Hi," Tony mumbled, shifting under his blanket.
"Daaaddddyyy".
Saved by the bell, Tony thought. It was actually surprising, he didn't even notice there was a phone in the dorm itself. Why didn't he see it before?
Once he managed that, he had a moment of being stuck.
"Alright you, with me," Tony hummed, eyeing a wall of crops across the aisle, "Are you thinking of anything particular you wanna try? Or just pickin' things that suit your fancy?"
"But--But Auntie Tasha said that fevers make things really contagious." He hummed, looking like he was about to get upset.
"I know, lovie. It's late anyway, you should rest," Tony hummed, smooching Steve's forehead, "Tomorrow's gonna be busy for us. Well, me, since you'll be getting the people settled. I'll get Peter going, and we'll start cleaning the house."
"Okay, sleep, he wants us to sleep," Tony whispered in a pained voice, "Ow."
"Ya bofe are so
It was starting to burn a little, but not too badly. Tony beat himself up on the inside, letting the blooming ache take his guilt.
." He tsked, shaking his head. "How rude," he drawled.
Bruce stood in the doorway with a large, paper bag in his hand, eyes roaming Tony in amusement.
Sammy grinned his toothless grin, raising his arms in victory. Which, inevitably, caused him to fall back over onto Steve's chest, at which he promptly burst into tears.
"I....I dunno. Maybe. It just... kinda ruins it, makes it feel like we
"Oh man, I gotta go.". The brunette rose from sitting quickly, grabbing his things. Steve looked at Tony with slight worry in his eyes.
Sammy babbled curiously at the statement, chewing on his hand contently.
." Steve said in a gentle, warning, singsong voice. "We know you are there, baby. We are just busy." He sighed. "Tony, would you pick him up please?"
Tony pushed up into Steve's touch, sighing happily.
"Oh, I can be less nice," Tony replied, trying not to shiver at the Mister, "I can very well go to bed right now and not romp around."
"Hey sweetie," Tony murmured, crouching down to the boy's level, "You have a good nap?"
Steve sighed.
Tony gasped dramatically, hand going to his chest. "Not even me?" he whispered, mischief twinkling in his eyes.
"Of course,
Steve smirked at him softly, sighing and relaxing into the tub. "Glad you think so. And you should wear those glasses more often. You wear them
"I honestly don't see it." Steve hummed, helping fix up the presents quietly. "I'm obviously better looking. At least in your eyes, right?" He asked, giving Tony puppy-dog eyes.
"Daddyyy," Peter whined, snatching a cookie off the plate, "My cookie."
Steve blinked for a moment at Tony's statement. "That was random... But yeah, a puppy sounds good. Always wanted a dog." He hummed softly, kissing at Tony's lips. "Any type you are thinking of?"
Tony laughed lightly, looking over at Steve with a dopey smile.
"Such a good boy. Such a good man. So good..." Steve whispered against skin.
"Night, Papa," he yawned, turning over to fall asleep.
"I know, bubba bug. But we gotta go see bubby. He's a bit sick and Daddy needed to take him for help."
"Hnnnn..." Steve grumbled, barely awake as he nuzzled Tony back, but eyes stayed shut. "But’s comfy and warm, Tony...."
"More than that, Miss. Try a couple salaries," Tony chuckled, pouring Peggy a hefty cup.
"Aha! Here it is!" The genius exclaimed triumphantly, heading back over to the couch and plopping down next to Steve. He handed over the book with a soft grin, hoping this could be the key to Steve remembering. "Hopefully this can get you a glimpse of something to help you remember, Cap.".
"Okay, okay, I will," Tony laughed, peeking into the box, "Third floor. That's the art room."
"You have people here who love you and care so much for Tony. None of us could bear to lose you. And you can't tell me you wouldn't regret it every second if you left." Steve answered, swallowing heavy and wiping the wetness from his eyes before ushering Peter over to them.
"Stevie!" Tony exclaimed, faux horror on his features, "I cannot-- on school property? You're barely eighteen, and you're fucking around with that boy? I should use my belt on you for that. Honestly, Steven."
Steve nodded.
"So if you want to do that, we can set you for that, Peter." Steve soothed. "But either way, I am still going to tell your teacher about Flash so we can save another from getting picked on."
Tony paled and his jaw dropped at his words, quickly taking Steve's fingers into his mouth. He licked and sucked them till they dripped with saliva, pulling back when his lips were slightly red. Steve looked down at Tony's reaction after that, concern now lacing his expression as he looked at the man.
"No baby, you didn't," Tony soothed, sitting up slightly so Steve could curl up to him, "You're okay, everything's okay. Promise."
She shook her head, looking over at Steve with a sad smile.
"Mmm, only for you," Tony murmured back, entwining their legs.
"C'mon, Peter. Baths aren't bad." Steve pointed out, patting Peter's back gently. "I would think they'd be fun. Plus they are relaxing and warm."
She eyed Steve for a moment, mouth twitching at the corners with a smirk.
"I figured by the way you of face-palmed when he mentioned it.".
"Why'd you pause?" He asked softly. "You sounded so excited and then...blah."
"There he is. There's our sweet boy we missed." Steve smiled softly, smooching the boy's cheeks, "We are still going to talk though. Right after dinner, all right? It's important."
"When he comes over, you lay on 'im and I'll lay on you and we can squish 'im!" He whispered, grinning proudly at his brilliant plan.
He carefully pulled out the paper on top, smiling fondly at the careful etchings of him, Peter, him and Peter sleeping or playing--
"Whatever you say, dear. And I love you too, baby. Forever and always."
"More than ready. Been ready." Steve said excitedly. "If you guys are all ready, then let’s get the car packed and get going."
Tony bit back a laugh.
Tony licked his lips and nodded, shifting the yawning child in his lap. He didn't really have anything else to say, opting to fall into uncomfortable silence. They sat for a few moments in it, till Bruce broke the quiet.
Tony nodded.
"Dees are for your booboos. So's they can get better, Daddy."
"Hey, you're bleeding," he murmured, "Did you bite your lip?"
, that's obvious," Tony snorted, taking some clamps to hold the cavity open, "But look, around the stomach and liver? Some of the fat has been cut away, as if harvesting that, rather than the organs. And, you can clearly see--"
"Sir, yes Sir. Down to my skivvies." He smirked, stripping his clothes off.
"Not hot. But da water's gettin' in my eyes." He sputtered, moving the water away from his mouth.
Steve placed the ruler on the desk for now, sitting down on the desk and looking at Tony carefully. "You haven't been paying attention much in class." He stated, adjusting his tie a bit. "Now, I don't know if you are just constantly distracted by something, but every time I ask you for an answer, you don't know what I've been talking about."
"Okay, Okay. Enjoy the now." Steve chuckled as he settled in again. He kept his eyes on Tony, them drooping slightly in comfort. "I love you." He purred, kissing Tony back before settling into his pillow.
Steve smirked at that softly, playing nonchalant. "That all depends on how good you are the rest of the day--" he teased with a chuckle. "Of course, Tony. You get regular sex normally, so of course you'll get birthday sex. Especially since you are a full-fledged adult now."
Steve knocked softly on the door to make sure Tony was decent. "Hey, Tony? Can Peter sleep over with us tonight? He wants to sleep with us."
"It may not be the point you are trying to make, but I can't just ignore that you admitted to it." Tony laughed with a cheshire grin, wrapping an arm around Steve's shoulders and pulling him a little closer to him. "Wanna know a secret, though?"
He leaned down to kiss Steve's cheek, gently prying Peter away to slip him into his pajamas before handing him back.
Tony nodded in agreement, gently setting Sammy down so he could still chew, standing on cracking knees.
"All checks out. Thanks. I don't trust anyone else to work on it, so thanks a lot, Tony." He smirked, patting Tony on the back as he stood. "And we'll talk more in detail for dates and stuff for your getaway when squirt's napping." He assured.
"Fuck," he whispered, visibly shaking as he pulled out and dropped down on the bed, clearly exhausted.
Steve just smiled at him, and damn Tony was liking that smile on the blond when it was for him.
"I want you to ride me," Tony murmured, trailing his hands down Steve's chest, "Is that okay?"
"Papa!" He wailed, "Daddy's bein'
"I wish you guys could've met under better circumstances," Tony sniffled.
Steve smirked at that with a hum.
remember you telling me you don't have allergies," Tony quipped back, gingerly stepping out of the tub, "No noises, mister. I'm gonna get dressed and make the bed up with winter sheets to keep you warm."
Tony shrugged, a tiny blush on his face. "Well, we didn't get caught very far
"Never said we wouldn't love him. Just don't want him to have problems." Steve murmured, hugging Tony and kissing the top of his head. "Especially being as curious as he is, he'll no doubt get hurt more often than not."
Walking into the living room, his jaw tensed at the obviously half-cleaned room, a pang of sympathy for Steve in his chest.
They stayed that way in sated contentment for a moment more before Tony gave a stretch and moved off of the bed, earning a dismayed noise from Steve.
"If I gotta live wit it, I bettah know what t'do wit it," Peter rolled his eyes.
"You are nearly ten minutes late, Steven." A man with an accent said as he walked towards the front doors towards them.
"Peter, love, shhh baby, calm down." Steve soothed, brushing the tears from Peter's face and kissing his cheeks. "We wanna know what's wrong, baby boy. Why'd you feel you needed to draw everywhere, bubba? What's going on?"
"Well if it's not true, we can wait for the sheets," Tony replied, hopping back an inch, out of Steve's touch, "Right?" He grinned cheekily, sticking his tongue out.
"Of course bud. Sorry, I'm still waking up a little." Steve stated, scooping up the boy before heading downstairs. He kissed at the boy's cheeks sweetly before setting him down in his booster seat at the table as he started breakfast.
Steve rolled his eyes fondly, kissing him back. "Breakfast is a yes. The morning sex is a maybe. Just because you're hurt. We'll see--" he grinned softly.
Tony moaned into Steve's shoulder, panting heavily as he finally pulled off.
"Peter, hun, that yelling isn't because we are arguing or anything. That yelling is when we are expressing how much we love each other."
"Love you so much, Steve," he murmured, clenching his jaw as he pulled off, falling onto the bed next to Steve.
"I--" Tony took a breath, sadly looking at the couch. "I didn't want you to know. I didn't want you to worry any more than you already do and
He kissed down Steve's cock before suckling the head, easily taking him down his throat. Steve gasped as Tony took him in, falling back against the desk to hold himself up.
"Thank you..." Steve hummed laxly, body doing the same. "Can I have the cuffs off, please...?" He asked breathlessly, eyes half lidded.
He sobbed the entire trip down to the ice cream parlor, clutching his hands at Steve's shirt.
"There were quite a few lovely projects, but I think Steven's was one of the best out of the group."
“That’s an understatement.” Steve replied back “I don’t see how Bruce does it with the other guy. I might have to ask for tips. Of course, he just gets bigger and greener and doesn’t change species, but he’s the closest person I can ask who has an idea to what it's like.”
They packed early that Friday, making sure they looked presentable and didn't smell of sex before they left to head to their meeting with Sharon. They needed to make a good first impression.
"Tony?" Steve called out softly so he didn't manage to wake Peter and headed to their bedroom. He saw the bathroom door closed, worried about what could be happening behind it.
"Proud'a you," Tony tuffled Peter's hair as he walked past, grabbing Sammy's bottle from the counter.
He pulled back and gently ran his thumb over Steve's lips, smirking at how the blond shivered under him.
Sammy looked around curiously, making a confused noise until Tony tickled lightly at his tummy. The baby laughed happily, giving a big, toothless smile.
"Steve," Tony breathed, widening his legs slightly, "Honey, I-- I need you--"
"It won't take long, pipsqueak, I promise," Tony soothed, kissing Peter's cheek, "I know you're excited, lil 'un. You can take a nap if you want, that might speed things up."
"Just sore. Feeling slightly better," Tony hummed, making Steve move back so he could wash out the lather, "I've got an appointment today. You're welcome to come with me if you want, Pep's agreed to watch baby bear."
"Gotcha. See you soon, Tony." Bucky said thankfully, hanging up the phone and kneeling beside Peter lying on the couch. "Your Daddy will be here soon to pick you up, okay squirt? You can come visit us again when you're feeling better." He said softly, kissing the boy's forehead.
"My name is Samuel Wilson. And this is my friend, Riley." The younger explained. "My brother is--
"Mmm, no, just enjoying your body warmth. I
"That was good that you did that. Got him away from Howard." Steve said softly. "Tony never went into extreme detail, but either way, I hate the man. And I haven't even met him yet. Tony didn't deserve any of that. No one does." He said seriously.
He grabbed Steve's hand and gave him a squeeze, waving at the group before traipsing out to the car.
Peter thought for a moment, peeking over to be sure Steve wasn't around to hear.
"Is it true soulmates don't happen anymore?"
Tony sighed, and rolled his eyes.
Bucky carefully sat the bear in his lap, lovingly petting its slightly ratty fur.
Peter reached out for the baby and kissed his hands, eyes lighting up at Sammy's squeal of delight. "M'glad y'don't wet y'self, Sammy," He sighed wistfully.
"Gross spit noises," Peter grumbled, turning his head, "Go kiss somew'ere else."
Steve held Peter to him, petting his hair and smooching the top of his head. "I forgive you, baby bear. I forgive you. I love you.
Peter nodded tiredly, leaning into Steve's touch with a whine.
Peter pouted and grumbled in Tony's lap, squealing when his Daddy smooched his cheek.
Tony faltered, gritting his teeth.
"Hey, hey, hey now, he was teasing you, lovie, no need to cry," Tony soothed, "You're okay, baby."
He groaned loudly, rolling his hips down to meet Steve's thrusts. Steve fingers gripped at Tony's thighs tighter, pulling him down further onto him as he thrusted into him, deeper and deeper and deeper.
"Well, I don't
He chewed his lip while he looked at what was at his eye level, picking up a box of Transformers bandaids.
"You really are like me kiddo, only I react the same away around cats," he murmured.
"Well, since you asked so nicely." Steve said, rolling his eyes with a gentle smirk. He slinked down Tony's body, tugging down Tony's sweats as he went. He brushed his lips gently against the brunet's cock before taking the tip in his mouth and suckling softly.
Peter just nodded and kept doodling, tongue poking out of his mouth. Rolling his eyes, Tony stood back up, going back to the kitchen to make a snack. Steve watched as Tony left. He'd follow if he didn't need to keep an eye on their boy. Instead he smiled over at Peter cheekily.
They kissed like this for a few moments, a little uncoordinated at first, but they easily got into a groove and Steve started to catch on. The brunet parted the other's lips with his tongue at one point, the other more than happy to accommodate. He let his own tongue dance with Tony's for a bit, exploring the other's mouth with a surprising amount of enthusiasm before they needed to part for air again.
"Nonono shh shh shh, it’s okay baby. You did so good. Shhhhh." Steve coddled softly, gently bouncing Sammy to calm him down. "Don't cry, don't cry."
"Well, it'll explain all the gifts," Tony hummed, smooching Steve back, "Here, go fill mine somewhere else so I can fill yours, okay? No peeking."
"Whatever you say, Steven," Tony smirked, righting himself to pour another cup of tea, "Don't push your brain too much thinking about it. I should have my own diagnosis of our case in the next two crossword answers."
"Hey, how about we eat our lunch, huh? Seems like a good time." He suggested in hopes it would help Peter feel better.
He went up the steps, quickly grabbing a box from the top of their closet before darting into the bathroom, closing the door behind himself. Steve watched and waited with curiosity as Tony rustled around a bit in the bathroom by himself.
"Don't mention it, kid." Tony teased, winking playfully at Steve. "Now then, how about we head back home for today and come explore more of the boardwalk tomorrow? You can rest, and I can introduce you to movies while we relax. Sound like a plan, soldier?"
"Kay!" Peter giggled as he rushed to get on his boots. Not running, because that’s what got him hurt not too long ago, but being pretty speedy.
, too," he feigned.
"Yeah! I'll be wiff 'im Papa!" Peter added.
things."
Stunned into silence, Tony had to take a moment to collect himself, making little disbelieving gasps. He shook his head and blinked up into the spray, sighing lightly.
Steve gave them both a look before standing up.
"Yours is different." The blond said softly, a bit of admiration in his voice. "Its just like with my people's tails; They come in different sizes, shapes, and colors?"
He sighed in exasperation, hopping off Steve's lap to grab his cup, going over to kitchen station to pour another invisible cup of coffee.
He squeezed Steve's hand reassuringly with a soft smile, leaning over to press a kiss to his cheek.
Steve chuckled at that, crooking his fingers a bit as he thrust his fingers harder into the spot.
They were interrupted by Steve coming back with four teacups, each steaming hot as he placed the tray on the coffee table.
“Yes, he might have some helpful information if his magical ass weren’t in some dimension who knows where or when.” Tony scoffed. “We tried getting ahold of him, but he’s gone for the next few months, so we are on our own.”
He nodded, scooting past Steve to practically bolt up to their bedroom, stashing the his secret gift away before laying everything out on the desk, fingers gently running over the silk ties. Steve chuckled as he headed upstairs not too long behind Tony, slinking into the room slowly and closing in on Tony.
Steve tensed for a moment, his chest panging at the thought of his dearest friend. Bucky had gone to investigate a human interaction off the coast, a short swim away, then return. It had been almost a year now, and he has never returned.
"Bye, Sammy," he mumbled.
"Love you too," Tony murmured, curling up to Steve, "Hell yeah we needed that. My libido is going
, Rogers," Tony scoffed, adjusting his deerstalker before entering the building. He smirked at the gorgeous ginger nurse in the lobby, reaching out to take her gloved hand and kiss her wrist.
"If I race you, I can almost guarantee I will trip and fall on my face," Tony laughed, jogging up after Steve anyway, "Alright, so third floor is the attic on one half, and the other half is a spare bedroom with an en suite--"
"Sometimes bubby likes to be by himself. He's getting near the age he doesn't wanna always hang out with his Daddy and Papa." He said softly, blowing kisses back at the baby.
Tony grinned, taking to massaging Steve's scalp.
"Please-- I need 'ta--
"It feels good babe, I like bruises," Tony hummed, relaxing into the shower, "It's all good."
Steve didn't even speak for the moment.
"I love you," he blurted.
"And as your friend/ guide to the human world, it is my honor to take you on your first shopping trip." Tony said with a grin. "We need to get you your own clothes if you are going to be staying here, and then we'll go from there."
Steve followed behind carefully to the bedroom, looking to Tony gently. "Alright... Will you be okay, though? I didn't want to get you feeling upset, Tony." He explained
"They've been doing that since I was eleven, and I still don't believe it," He mumbled, rubbing the back of his neck.
"Yes sir," Tony breathed, ignoring his cock jumping at Steve's words.
"I'm proud'a you," he whispered.
"Tryin' t'kill me now?" He wheezed, taking a gulp of coffee, "I-ah, well, you'll see."
Steve's grip tightened on the chair, thinking back to the loss of Tony--
".... I don't think I have any dignity left, but other than that--"
Clint's face clouded but he nodded, rubbing a hand on his face.
Tony nodded, kissing Steve's cheek as they headed for the checkout. The process was quick for them to get out to the car, arms laden with black bags full of their purchases; the drive home seemed quicker than the drive up, blood pumping through Tony's veins as he helped Steve carry the bags inside.
"Alright," he mumbled.
you have a thing for smart guys."
He nuzzled into Steve's arm, kissing the pale skin.
Steve sputtered softly at that, seeing what Tony had done before turning back to Peter.
He ran the pad of his thumb over the head of Steve's cock, smearing a bit of precome downwards to show the other and smiling from the noise the action earned him.
"I'm gonna work you slow," Tony murmured, giving Steve an ample time to adjust before slipping a second finger in, "You okay?"
He ran his hands up into Tony's hair, tugging at it lightly.
"Did you laugh, Sammy? Was Daddy being funny while bubba and I was gone?" He asked quietly, sitting down with the others with Peter in his lap.
"Mmm, definitely. That'll be a honeymoon night. Slow love-making and I kissing every inch of your body, and mapping every mole, scar, freckle, and love spot on your body." Tony hummed appreciatively, placing small smooches on the top of Steve's head.
"Tony, I'm your husband. I should know about stuff that could be potential harm to you." Steve said softly, looking at Tony with sad eyes. "So I can help before 'stupid' stuff happens."
Tony blinked, feeling his heart settle in a pit in his chest . He took a step back, and shook his head.
"Wait..." Tony spoke to himself and checked the last message again.
Tony jostled Peter on his hip, smooching his forehead. "We know you're sorry, baby. We forgive you."
"I'm still going to feel bad because I helped cause you to have to get stitches." Steve sighed softly. "Then you passed out, and-- hell, you scared me to death, Tony."
"Baba," Sammy replied.
"I am, baby, but Papa's still asleep. Why don't you go downstairs and play?" Tony called softly, "I'll be down in a minute to make you breakfast." He grinned down at Steve, swiping his thumb over the slit just to fuck with him.
"Yes, yes, yes, fuck, feels so good," Tony groaned, rocking back onto Steve, "Move, dammit, need you--"
Tony sifted his fingers through Pete's hair till the boy calmed down, gently wiping the drying tear tracks off his face.
"Dadddyyy, hurry
"I can't wait. It sounds gorgeous. And if we bought it?" Steve hummed happily into his pillow. "I've never lived in a place that hadn't needed to be rented. Or had more than one floor to it."
Steve chuckled at that, smooching the top of Tony's head. "I'll try it out. Hopefully he'll have fun today." He hummed, heading to get in the shower. "You gonna add to his surprise today?"
He pulled Steve in for a kiss, whimpering high in his throat. Steve kissed back a bit hungrily, pulling away with a soft smirk as he left to get the cuffs. He twirled them around his finger, giving Tony a little show as he headed to the desk. That paired with his uniform still being on, he was sure it made for a good look.
"Yes," Riley interjected, "I've worked with a surgeon in Wales, and the body was most definitely cut open, not torn."
"Room 109," she explained, "He should be in there."
He hunkered down on Steve's chest, sighing a bit before closing his eyes again.
Peter sobbed into Steve's chest, clutching at his shirt with tiny hiccups. He sniffled and curled up tighter, whimpering quietly till he calmed himself down. Steve rocked the boy gently with soft hums, rubbing Peter's back soothingly.
"If you say so." He chuckled back, cooking the French toast and some scrambled eggs. "So we keep my apartment for pretending we are good kids." He joked. "We keep it PG to PG-13 there. Just kissing and cuddles."
Pepper laughed softly at the expression, smooching Peter's face. "Hey, one out of a year isn't bad at all, Peter. Good job." She praised, causing the boy to grin.
"Mhm. Not sore at all," Tony murmured, kissing him back, "Gonna need to shower, though. And change the sheets."
Sammy squeaked at the kiss, letting go of Steve's finger and looking over at Peter.
He shrugged, toweling his hair off before sauntering into the bedroom to grab decent clothing.
"Sounds like a plan, babe." Steve said with a smooch back, sorting clothes into Peter's dresser drawers.
Steve grinned at Peter's look of awe, staring into the tank to watch the sharks move around.
His breathy gasps filled the room, desperately trying to push himself back onto Steve.
"Someone wants to say hi to his bubba." Steve said happily, joining the others on the couch with the baby.
"Open the door, Peter."
"'M sowwy..." He murmured. "I just don't like it when ya pick on me..."
"Almost done, Tony." Steve assured, slipping in a third finger and scissoring them slightly before pulling them out. He grabbed the lube again and slicked himself up, lining up with Tony.
"He's singing Spongebob, Steve."
"Can you get yourself undressed, pipsqueak?" Tony teased, flicking on the spicket.
"Of course not!" Steve said seriously, hugging Peter close. "We would never take you back just because there would be a new baby in the house. We love you, Peter. You're our son and nothing would change that."
"Who're you calling slowpoke?" He asked with a smirk, saddling beside him as they walked.
He quickly squirmed out of his clothes, whining as he tugged on Steve's shirt. Steve quickly whipped off his shirt and shucked it to the side of the bed, slipping out of his jeans as well.
"Pair that with that stubborn head of yours, and lord knows how much trouble you get into because of it." The brunet snickered, jostling the blond's shoulder playfully.
He put the stuff in the back of the car, then buckled Peter in, buckling the baby seat next to him before climbing into the driver's side. Steve double-checked everything before climbing into the car and buckling up.
"Do I feel hot to you?" He whined, "My head hurts."
"Right, right. Sometimes I forget that you're a face of the public." Steve smirked, turning into a soft smile. "As long as you're sure, Tony. As long as you're sure." He hummed, kissing him sweetly.
"You've been really good for me, baby," He hummed, switching the crop for the vibrator.
"C'mere, buddy." Steve said consolingly, carefully hugging Peter close and petting at the boy's hair.
"My mom said I would even march around singing the song.".
Bucky observed the scene of his friend laying on a pile of blankets naked in a chamber meant to keep whatever was in it from hurting what was outside it, looking towards the blond in concern.
"Tony!"
"You know why, Tony? It’s because it’s the difference between being loved and being lusted." The blond whispered sweetly.
"One to zero, up on the little guy," Clint murmured deeply, earning a chuckle from Tony, "It's the beefy blond's move, folks."
"Love you." He whispered softly as Tony walked away, falling straight to sleep once more. He snored slightly with his nose stuffed up a bit, snuggling into his pillow.
"I... Sure. I've only done that one other time though." He pointed out softly, leaning with the touches. "Let me know if I do something wrong?"
Steve chuckled softly at Tony's noises, leaning over and kissing him again before getting up. "I'll go make you something else. Pretty sure your sandwich there is no good by now. How about soup?"
"Can we both fit?" Tony questioned, eyeing the metal slide, "I don't know if we can, pipsqueak."
Steve set Peter carefully to the ground, holding Tony up in faux fear.
Tony couldn't reply, too busy slipping his tongue into Steve's mouth, trying not to bite himself at Peter's screams of desperation from inside the sweater. He pulled back, hooting with laughter as Pete scrambled out, shooting them both dirty looks.
"Yeah, he was getting fussy on our way in here. He just wanted someone to hold him, I think." Steve hummed, holding Tony and Sammy close as they waited. "We can hold you and be calm now, baby boy."
Tony's ears perked up at the question, turning towards Steve quickly in surprise. He wanted to say yes, just pretend it for a little while to get the fantasy of them being a couple out of his system. But he knew that was wrong. They were just friends. It wouldn't happen, no matter how much he wanted it to.
He looked to Bruce in thanks, then gestured to the others. "Everybody, dig in!"
"I t'ink Daddy should cleans by his'self 'cause he made deh mess," Peter pointed out, smirking at Tony.
Steve came back with a warm bottle, but kept quiet in the doorway as he watched Tony interacting with Sammy.
"...Yeah," Tony replied, raising an eyebrow, "You alright there, Pippy Longstocking? You're not usually this--" He waved his hand. "--hyperactive."
Steve nodded through a moan, lying face down on the desk to muffle the noise. It did hurt a little at first, but the pain all just transitioned into straight pleasure. He eventually caught up, moving his hips back against Tony's in time with his movements.
"That's my job. Take your kiddo to work day's coming up, so I'll take him in to the Tower. I'll order the stuff and have it stored in the guest house, and you can get Buck to come over and help you set it up."
"Now then, we are having a lazy day today, so that means cereal for breakfast." The blond proclaimed. "Morning cartoons and the like. We'll have a guy’s day today."
"Is this one of those parenting blocks? Where we don't want our child to hate us?" Tony mumbled, leaning down to kiss Steve's forehead, "Good cop bad cop isn't a good look, but I really don't want him to feel like he can't trust either of us."
"I've dealt with Natalia before.
"Papaaaaa," Peter whined, sighing as he crawled under the covers anyway.
"A-ah, yesss baby. So gooood!" Steve moaned, trying not to be too loud and alert Peter. He grasped onto Tony's thighs and the man bounced, nails digging in slightly.
"If you say 'vampire', I'm making you be a naughty nurse," Tony grunted, scraping his teeth down Steve's neck to his collarbone.
"I am not!" Peter gasped with a pout, giggling as they bounced and reached the other room.
"Glad I could help." The blond grinned softly.
"You had done so well, Tony." He said softly. "Well, at least it wasn't with the razor blade." The blond said softly, lightly kissing the bandaged area.
"I'm guessing that's still in development?" Tony asked, amused, "Well, I guess we'll have to go get you an illustrator's desk so you can comfortably work on these projects."
"I'll talk with him." Steve sighed, leaning in to kiss Tony's forehead. "Might as well shut the movie off. I'll talk to him, settle him for bed, and meet you in the room?"
"Well, it'd be whatever he can eat all right." Steve answered. "When we find out what he can have, you can help pick out stuff that he might like to eat."
Steve sat on the bed in silence until he heard the front door shut. That’s when he laid down in bed, choking back silent sobs.
TW: implied self-harm
much bubba. So so much. Don't cry, okay? I like to see you smiling and happy. It’s okay." He soothed, kissing the side of his son's face.
"Always, Barbara. Always."
"I don' want you t'--t'not love me anymore if I get a lil bwother or sister," Peter's lip wobbled slightly.
"I'd rather-- I'd rather do it in private," he mumbled, glancing over at their company.
"Unca Bwuce, Santy wuz heah las' nite an' he bwought a lotta gifties," Peter babbled, "I tink he bwought gifties f'ebbrybody, but I only seens ones f'me--"
"Wow," Tony whispered, body thrumming, "Holy fuck, pun
"Yep, goodbye," Tony stood from his chair, turning a blind eye to Peter's protests.
"Silly," Tony chuckled, "Close your eyes."
?!" He said, appalled, "I'm glad you didn't get hurt, Peter, baby, but Tony, you got burned and didn't have it at least
That brought Steve completely over the edge, the volume of his cries uninhibited as he called his lover's name over and over in pure pleasure. Trying to not collapse on Steve's chest, Tony barely held himself upright as Steve tightened around him. He sucked in a breath as he came, burying himself up to the hilt in Steve before letting the euphoria wash over him.
"I take responsibility and do not regret it. But I think Peter shall help complete the transformation." Steve joked, playing with Peter's hair. "We are wrapped around his little fingers."
"I love it. It's okay," Tony murmured, nosing at Steve's cheek, "Don't apologize, sweetheart."
The blond looked up at Tony, a guilty expression overtaking his face as he shook his head no.
"Oh, no baby. Don't be sad, you did so good." Steve whispered, immediately going quiet after to not get caught.
"Yeah, uh-huh," Tony scolded, crossing one leg over the other, "Anything you want to tell me, squirt?"
“What’s going on, Steve? You’ve really been acting odd this week, and not in our normal brand of odd that we deal with.” Bucky asked, voice a soft rasp.
Tony turned his head, kicking the covers off once Steve was gone. He sighed happily, drifting off to sleep again to dream about Steve's wonderful moans.
Tony grinned, smooching Steve's cheek. "Yeah, of course," he murmured, wrapping his arms around Steve's waist, "You just like being fucked over my desk, Rogers." Tony couldn't hold back his chuckle, kissing at Steve's jaw.
Peter whimpered, but slowly let Sammy take his hand, sighing when the baby chewed on his pinkie.
"See? He thinks you're perfect, too. As a brother and a teether occasionally." Steve joked lightly, smooching Peter's cheeks.
Tony's eyes went wide at realizing how close he would be cutting it and ran out of his dorm room. He just hoped he could make it to the fine arts building in time.
Peter swallowed thickly and looked downwards, taking a breath before he answered.
"Hey, cutie bear," Tony chuckled, stroking Peter's hair, "Getting hungry?"
"Maybe so, but it helps you practice and learn. Which is what Daddy's homework is going to help him do. Hopefully." He explained.
"It's okay, Steve, he doesn't have to," Tony said softly, stroking Sammy's curls, "I don't blame him." He smiled again, shame and regret rolling over him in waves.
"Hey, shhh, calm down," Tony soothed, reaching over to wipe away the stray tear, "They never got it because Howard's voice didn't match, and mine didn't either. The video was too old and distorted, so they discounted the evidence."
"This is what I mean. The back sass." He smirked back at Tony, a playful glint in his eyes.
"Nuh uh. Y'didn' even
Steve chuckled at that, petting the boy's hair.
"We're married. We're allowed to be saps. It comes with the union." The blond grinned, earning an eye roll from Clint.
He pouted, nuzzling at Steve's cheek.
"Yes, honey, you we--"
He bounced in Steve's lap, looking up at him with big puppy dog eyes.
"Oh, right. Right. Sorry, Pete." Bucky whispered, chuckling at how attentive Peter was.
Tony sighed softly, sifting his fingers through Steve's hair.
"Such intelligent eyes. I'm sort of glad these have been staring at me." He hummed, directing towards the desk. "Lean over the side please, Tony."
"Papa says she was real nice an' helped peoples." Peter hummed. "He says now she pwotects us as an angel."
"Steeeeb," He called sleepily, more a whine than anything else, "Steeeeb--"
"Mmm, I'm an ugly sleeper, you know that," Tony muttered, tossing a pillow over his face, "Feelin' better? Less sore?"
The man looked over, eyes setting to a glare and causing Purple Shirt to turn around. "Hey! That's the guy!"
The man gave him a sneaky smirk, starting to inch towards the gate. "Well, uh... If I told you, I'd have to KILL you!" He cackled, quickly scaling the gate to the other side.
He grinned over at the blond, an airy chuckle escaping his throat.
Steve wore a questioning look. Bruce started to explain further.
"Ew," Peter made a face at them, wiping his flour-covered hands on his apron, "Das gross."
"Biolum'escents!" He proclaimed, a huge smile on his face, "Daddy taught me dat."
"Hi Papa," Peter said sullenly, "Daddy an I twied makin' brea'f'st in bed f'you."
"So, what exactly does your project entail?"
Steve sighed, setting his crayon down and looking softly at Peter.
"This is it," he grinned, turning to Steve, "I don't think I can carry you over the threshold, though."
--!" He cried out before coming all over Tony's chest with a harsh gasp.
He took a deep breath before continuing. "Sorry, I am just really nervous and excited and a lot of things right now. I'm not usually this much of a spaz with people, I swear."
He looked between the two of them before squinting accusingly.
Steve chuckled at that. "He's like 'I'll show ya gross. I'll just touch your face!'." He said dramatically, to which Sammy garbled happily.
Tony trudged through the snow, dragging his currently out of order armor behind him. He hoped to find somewhere to shack up soon to get out of this wintery mess, but all that was around were trees. Loads and loads of trees. Tony kept walking along the side of a road he had crashed nearby, but stopped as he saw something that clearly wasn't a tree. It was a person, and not just any person.
"Hello there." Steve sighed gently. "Glad you're back. Things were starting to get a bit rough with Peter there." He whispered, resting his head against Tony's.
"We joke that we're a super-secret boy band," Tony laughed, tucking his face into Steve's neck, "I
…." He groaned, hands moving up and gripping onto the other side of the desk. Steve was surprised at himself, all the noise that would leave his lips and just a desperate want filling his body. Steve let out a quicker moan as Tony found his sweet spot.
"Meanie," Tony whined, tugging on Steve's shirt, "That's
"Peter, I think I'm getting wetter than you are." The blond pointed out as the boy splashed around.
Peter waited for Steve to unbuckle him before hopping out, grabbing Steve's hand to drag him toward the building.
Back at his place, Steve cleaned up relatively carefully. He looked into his closet for one of his nicer pairs of jeans, slipping them on and tightening his belt. He then slipped on a white tank top and threw over a dark blue V-neck, grabbing his darker jacket to throw it all together.
"But Sir--
He took Peter's hand as they started to leave, giving it a small squeeze.
"Hang on, little spider. It could be a stranger." Natasha pointed out, following the boy to answer the door.
"Seventeen seventy-six." Tony nodded eagerly, moving to reach out before bringing his arm back.
"Ignore that train of thought."
"Think I'll pass on the handcuffs for a while." He said softly. "I don't like not getting to touch when you make me feel amazing. Or anytime at all."
Tony instinctively took a half step back, immediately realizing his mistake as Steve had quite literally backed him into a corner.
"Best watch what you say. He knows an insult when he hears it." The man joked. "He's pretty good at understanding for his age. Might just have two smart boys.”
He paused, then raised an eyebrow at his son.
He trooped to the basement to grab supplies before two cups of coffee for both of them, carefully taking the stairs up to the studio.
Tony looked up at Steve fondly and drew him into a lazy kiss, gently licking at the seam of his lips.
"I can save you from him, Petey!" Steve chuckled, swooping in to grab up Peter.
"Hey lil fella," Tony whispered, brushing some of his fine hair back, "How's my baby, huh?"
Steve waited until Tony's breathing evened out, heartbeat steadying out against his chest. He let his husband's soft breaths lull him into sleep, dreamless and deep.
"Here, I'll help ya in the bath then we'll rest your legs in bed, okay?" He smiled, kissing the top of his head as they headed to the bathroom.
"So where to next, bubba? The store or museum first?"
"What's han-some mean?" He asked, looking back up at Steve.
He trooped up the stairs, not surprised to see the boy curled up in his hammock with one of his new chemistry books.
Steve chuckled softly at the bot’s noise, moving closer to Tony and snuggling up close to him.
"Ohoho, I like it. I
"You spoil him," Tony grinned.
. I can't go on a date without stammering, I can't even be sweet with you without dissolving into a little puddle of emotions," Tony grumbled, shivering at Steve's kisses, "I just-- I can do the most intense sex, but confessing feelings and being romantic-- fuck, I'm allergic to
He gave the blond a look before going upstairs, thoughts swirling in his head. A shiver ran up Steve's spine at the look Tony gave him, trying to keep thoughts away until he had Peter dropped off.
"Steve?" Tony called.
Sam seemed blindsided by the question, to which Tony put up his hand and shook his head.
"That sounds amazing. Definitely need to do that on our anniversary." He suggested. "Sounds romantic."
"Damn, you are gonna make me cry. You sap." Steve joked, smooching Tony's lips.
birthday--".
Peter ran off to his room, giving Tony a moment alone with Steve.
"My name's Steve. Steve Rogers." The blond said, extending his hand for a shake.
Peter whined softly and cuddled Sammy closer, clearly shamed and embarrassed. Tony sighed softly and got off Steve's lap to sit in the hammock, tugging Peter into his lap.
"Good boy," Tony mumbled, crouching down in front of Steve.
"I'm pretty sure that doesn't work that way." Steve chuckled, sneaking under the covers with Tony. "It’s alright if you've never really been on a date. It'll make it more special for you, then."
--" Steve gasped, body bouncing on top of Tony's as it hit the spot over and over again.
He gave Steve a lazy kiss before tucking his head down, easily falling asleep, surrounded by his lover's warmth.
"Are we?" Tony teased, kicking his shoes off to draw his feet up into the chair.
"Oh, Pete--" Steve said softly, setting his spoon down and kneeling to pull Peter into a hug.
Steve hummed in thought as he drove. "How about I distract him and tell him not to look and you go and hide them in your room until we can wrap them up?" Steve offered up. "That way he doesn't see them and you can come back to hang out with us."
"Mmhm."
At that, Tony gently took Peter from Steve, and nodded towards the tree.
"Oh, Daddy said that, did he?"
Tony flicked his eyes open and grinned up at Steve, kissing at his collarbones. Steve huffed a small laugh himself, hugging Tony close before gently scooping him up.
“It’s hard for someone to eat slowly when there are presents to open after." Clint said through a mouthful of food, earning him another smack from Natasha.
Steve sat on the bed, waiting patiently for Tony to get cleaned up. He thought it wouldn't really do any good if they wound up going again, but he still didn't know what Tony had in mind. He knew Tony's thoughts could be dangerous things, and this was no exception to that.
wanted to you'd have to go back in time and--fuck." Tony grit his teeth as he made the new incision on his thigh, breaking old scar tissue.  "I need time, Steve, I need a lot of time and I can't go back right away, I'm going to be a fucking
It was Tony. It was
"Be they objects or body parts." Steve sighed fondly, glancing at Tony. "I assume you were there the whole time and heard everything?"
Steve yanked the light from the wire...
Steve simply grunted, too strung out to speak so he pushed his thoughts through the bond instead.
Steve looked over to Tony, keeping Peter close as he felt the boy relax against him. He let out a soft sigh as they settled.
Peter whined softly and nodded, shakily holding his arms out for Steve. Tony passed him over, smooching each of their heads.
"Italian, huh?" He hummed into the touches. "You're part Italian?"
Steve went silent for a moment, ears twitching as he could hear footsteps from a distance coming towards the lab. He scented the air, stomach growling from the incoming smell of something warm, sweet, and savory getting closer with the sound. It intermingled with a familiar scent that matched the lab’s own, making it clear who it was.
"Pepper. I'm sorry, Tony's mentioned you but I didn't know what you looked like. I'm Steve Rogers. Please come in, we're all in the living room."
"Bruce has to open his,
tear me apart--"
Steve hummed with a stretch as he headed upstairs to set everything up.  He placed his paints and tarps up in the closet for storage and setting his easel up beside the window. As he worked, he looked to one of the wall, big and bare, with a smile.
"We could see if the others would take the kids one night? So we could have us time." He offered as a suggestion.
"Hey yourself." Steve whispered back with a soft smile, snuggling both Tony and Peter to him. He kissed back, nuzzling Tony's cheek gently.
Peter sighed in exasperation and took his books, rolling his eyes.
"Yes you can." Steve assured, softly shushing Tony to calm him down. "It may not seem like it right now, but you
"Gotcha, babe." He breathed, thrusting hard and deep to hit the spot. Steve let out a soft moan as he could feel Tony starting to tighten around him slowly. He held onto Tony's hip with one hand, reaching around and taking the man in hand with the other and pumping him in time with his thrusts.
"Yeah. Pete had fun messing with my new StarkPad," Tony chuckled, kissing him back, "You look frazzled. You okay?"
"Seventy degrees. Plus or minus. Obviously I can't
"Tooooonnnneeee." he called quietly in a sing-song tone.
Tony breathed a sigh of relief as he cock sprung free of his too-small jeans, smacking wetly against his upper thigh.
"Anyway you wanna do it, hun." Steve replied softly. "Any way that feels awesome and'll leave me hobblin'."
"Then tell me so I have an idea." Steve purred against Tony's skin, hands making the curve of the brunet's ass. He kissed down along Tony's spine slow and lingering.
Sammy made a high pitched coo to match with Peter's protests, Steve giggling at the sound.
Peter put his thumb in his mouth and sniffled, clutching at Steve's shirt as he tried to sleep. It only took a moment for him to settle, snoring open-mouthed, as he relaxed.
He kissed the boy's temple, standing up. "I'm gonna go get Papa, okay?"
"Perfect. Just perfect--" he hummed, leaning and kissing Tony quickly.
"Four," Tony admitted, a sheepish grin on his face, "I got a little carried away, but you looked
He frowned, sadly kicking the seat in front of him.
"I hate getting flustered and shy, you ass," Tony grumbled, trying to ignore the butterflies in his stomach, "I might throw up from all this lovey dovey stuff."
"Hope so." The blond hummed, moving his hands to rest at the dip of Tony's back. "I love you. And I miss this. Just relaxing in the morning like this."
"I said you and I would go. Since you had a day with just Daddy, I get to have a day out with you today." Steve explained, making sure their blanket remained covering them.
"Nothing wrong with being a sap." Steve admitted, nuzzling Tony sweetly and leaving small kisses on the man's face. "Mmm...I didn't get to kiss you at all during our escapade."
Once they actually got into the car, Steve took Tony's face in his hands and brought him into an excited kiss.
Tony laughed and sat in the chair, letting Peter climb into his lap so he could comfortably hold them both.
He slicked up his fingers and gently prod at Steve's hole, carefully slipping one in up to the knuckle.
, but every so often won't be bad." He hummed, moving Tony to lay the man's head on his chest.
"Mmm. Probably."
"Tony, that's terrible. I wish you would have told me sooner... I want you to know that I would never do such a thing like that to you. You know that, right?".
Steve took in a deep breath, letting it out slowly with a content sigh. He leaned his face up and left soft and tender kisses on Tony's face, humming happily. Tony murmured at the kisses, smooching Steve's nose before slowly pulling out, collapsing into a heap beside him. He sighed happily, curling up into Steve's warmth.
"I never tried to go out and learn to dance because both Peggy and I said we were waiting for the right partner." He said quietly.
"You sat up, huh?" Tony gasped dramatically, "You growing up, baby?"
Tony snorted, patting Steve's hands away.
"That feel good, hon?" Steve whispered gently, stroking him lovingly. "What're ya dreamin' about?"
"Make sure you get the blanket," he told him, smoothing his hair down, "Pete and I will get his stuff, okay? You're not the one going into labor, sweetie."
The boy mumbled a half-hearted apology before picking up a different crayon, still casting them suspicious looks.
He smiled fondly, tucking a lock of curly hair back behind Peter's ear.
"So about last night," he trailed off.
"Can I play with m'toys?" Pete asked, loosely wrapping his arms around Tony's neck.
"You can just call me Tony, by the way. Mr. Stark is my dad." he explained. "Oh! And the bot's name is DUM-E."
Peter was still pouty as he grabbed Steve's hand, leaning against his warmth as the small family trotted out the door and toward the grassy knoll near the park.
"Otay. Youse can talk now."
"I know the place," Tony mused, buckling and shifting into reverse, peeling off onto the street, "I funded part of that building, actually. Well, the Stark Foundation did, but yeah."
"Mmm, you make a mean cup, Steve," he murmured.
"Now Peter, you can help your father clean up in here. He's helping clean
."  He whispered, nuzzling at the crook of his husband's neck.
The genius hummed softly, listening to the merman's words and feeling a tug at his heartstrings with the way those blue eyes looked when filled with a longing look.
Steve looked back at the mermaid.
bad."
"Here ya go, kid," He hummed, smooching Pete's forehead and setting the plate on the floor.
"That was a horrible pickup line," Tony replied, crawling up nonetheless, "You're insufferable."
"But he
Steve gave Tony sweet kisses onto his lips and the blush on his cheeks as they settled into bed.
"Yep," Tony popped the 'p' while scooping the baby up, smooching his fine hair.
Peter nodded sleepily, laying against Steve as the man carried him.
"Can I do 'sper--"
Steve huffed a quick chuckle of amusement at that before starting up a slow pace.
Steve ran a hand along Tony's back comfortingly, kissing the top of his head softly with a hum. "You okay there? Or do you just like to put your face there?" He chuckled.
"Mmm, never good when he laughs like that. He's planning something," Tony mused, a smile on his lips.
would we leave?" Clint snorted, "Don't be naive, Rogers. I've heard
"It’s all right, hon. We'll figure it out. C'mere." Steve said softly, pulling Tony into a hug.
"Gonna get you clean, honey. You've had a busy night and need to get to bed," Tony replied gently, starting to clean him off, "We'll cuddle on top of the comforter, and we'll wash the sheets when we get up."
He stopped before he got ahead of himself. "Everything will be sorted when we actually get things started."
Steve looked a bit sheepish at that, earning a knowing look from the redhead in return.
"Its about seven. Why?".
. Why not?"
“Don't remind me." Steve chuckled gently, nuzzling gently against Tony's leg where he sat. "I may have to get up eventually, but that is not
Tony nodded, lip still between his teeth.
"Be as loud as you want, baby," Tony breathed, slicking his fingers before easing one into Steve, curling the digit to get him to relax, "Scream my name."
"I wanna 'old 'im!" Peter whined, reaching up.
"No Christmas sex? Damn," Bucky whistled, sliding in the last drawer and standing up, "Stark must get off in the shower a lot."
Sammy blinked and fell forward on his hands, babbling as he crawled across the blanket to Peter. Grinning, Peter smooched Sammy's forehead and scuttled to the other side, watching as Sammy crawled after him.
"I think twelve hours would be considered too long a time for you." Steve chuckled, adjusting to where he was above Tony, straddling his hips.
"So then, are you capable of helping me?"
"That's new," he announced.
other than him." The blond explained.
, and you didn't even look gross then. I think you're okay." He chuckled, sighing happily. "So you've had the rings for years, and it somehow managed to fit my finger perfectly?" He asked curiously. "And since you asked me, does that make me the 'bride'?"
," Tony snorted, turning into the neighborhood, "I might have to pull over from how much sap is in this car right now."
Luckily, Steve's people were in a time of peace. This meant he had his own means of a vacation for a while. This made it much easier to go and visit Tony without too many questions and him getting in trouble.
"You can come. Just a little more and you will. Come for me, Tony. You'll feel so good, I promise ya." He whispered against Tony's ear as he thrust deep into him.
Steve gave a hard swish of his tail to propel himself forward quickly, stopping beside the human to loop an arm around him and propelling upwards in order to surface. He worked quickly to get the lighter form of the human to the shore, plopping him on the sand once he managed to make it.
Steve chuckled warmly, nuzzling Tony's cheek sweetly. "Get some rest, Tony. So you're well rested for our date." He hummed.
"This place really is wonderful. It’s perfect, really. I never thought I would even get to look at a place like this to potentially live in." He replied with a content grin.
"Cheeseball." Tony huffed in fake annoyance, smooching Steve back.
"Well I thought you could
"Okay, I will. Love you, Tony." He said, kissing Tony's forehead before carefully wiggling out of bed. Steve set the shark plush for Tony to cuddle up with while he headed down to the kitchen to start on dinner.
Peter pouted and crossed his arms.
"Hi you, you rattled too?" He whispered, tucking himself back into Steve's chest.
"Maybe. But I'm your sap now. No take-backs." Steve laughed sweetly. "We are officially a started family. All that’s left to do at this point is to eventually add on." He hummed. "But we will worry about it after wedding night."
"I.... can't," Tony managed, hiding his hand under the blanket, "You can come in, though, and it’s unlocked."
He whined, reaching over to tug on Steve's jeans.
"All right. All right Just--" Steve cut himself off with a growl, almost animalistic, and switched gears completely. He grabbed along onto Tony's hipbones, pulling the man to him and making is thrusts progressively harder and deeper.
There sat a young man. Not that Steve wasn't young himself, but this guy looked like he should be in his last couple years of high school and not in college. The younger man had semi-neatly kept, dark brunette hair and deep chocolate brown eyes that looked like they held a whole other world within them. He seemed slightly small with a semi-slender body build. And there was a slight bit of fuzz under his lip, where it looks like he hasn't been trying to shave it in fear it would never grow back.
"Mmm, s'good--" Steve noised in praise, moving with Tony as the man worked. "Feels good, baby--can take more, though..." He assured.
He turned a gentle smile to Steve, leaning over to press a light kiss to his lips. Steve hummed, kissing back happily.
"I can be the bride. But Tony Rogers sounds weird. Steve Stark isn't much better. Steve Rogers-Stark? Steve Stark-Rogers? Stark-Rogers. Yep. That's it. I mean, you'll probably wear the white tux, being you're the innocent one, right?" Tony grinned, pressing kisses to Steve's breastbone.
"Ready to go? Daddy said he was gonna start making Christmas cookies at home. Don't wanna miss that, right?"
"I'm sure, please," Tony whined, rocking against the table, "
"Good boy," Tony murmured, slipping a second slick finger in once he was sure Steve was ready, "Lemme know if it really hurts, okay?"
Peter ran up to Tony, automatically climbing onto his lap and snuggling into Tony's chest. Sammy noised and giggled, reaching out to play with the little bear ears on Peter's onesie.
Tony laughed at that, pushing them up his nose.
"I am going out, dad. And I plan on building things while I'm gone." Tony hummed, keeping his words short.
"That decision to spoil me is on you, not me, love. You're the one who took me away from my job to 'work' for you." Steve chuckled, leaning just a bit to see what Tony was writing.
"I don't work
"It's hard, though," Bucky replied, leaning against the wall, "I mean, if you don't believe it yourself, it's hard to believe other people."
"It'll go okay. They'll be able to help out, I'm sure." Steve assured. "And I be with you all of the way, love."
out of my head."
"Excuse
"I'd hope other people wouldn't be in there with us, though." He said, coming to stand beside Tony. "Just because it could, doesn't mean it should." He hummed.
"It’s okay, love. We'll make you a sandwich and some tea to try and keep down, okay?" Steve murmured, helping Tony sit down before working quickly around the kitchen.
"If you wake up Sammy,
"Thank you," he croaked, voice broken.
"What happened with your dad?". Steve sounded legitimately concerned, but Tony snapped. He turned sharply towards Steve's direction and let it loose.
He smooched the top of Peter's head, gently playing with the boy's hands.
"Glad you love it." Steve smiled fondly, smooching Tony gently. "Peter, you can play with Daddy and your transformer while I make breakfast, and JARVIS can wake the others up so they can eat and open their gifts as well." Steve hummed as he headed to the kitchen.
"Your lips are chapped," Tony murmured, "You should really use chapstick more often."
so much. So never forget it, because you're stuck with me for the long haul."
Tony cuddled his two close, rubbing Peter's back.
He pulled back to start getting out wine glasses, pulling a bottle of sparkling grape juice out for Peter.
Chewing on his fist, Sammy looked up at Steve, idly playing with the lapels of his sweater. He babbled to himself, drooling slightly as he switched to chew on his other hand.
"Perfect, Steve. Feel that warmth? That fire building in your lower body? Chase it. Chase it until you feel you're going to burst, then let it go. Let loose, gorgeous." Tony urged, hearing Steve's breath quicken and body looking taut.
. Same goes for you, Bucktooth."
He hefted up the bassinet and trudged it out of the nursery, carefully bringing it into their room to set up again.
"I love you, you know," Tony whispered, "No matter what. For better or for fucking horrid."
"This will be so helpful for us. Thank you so much." He smiled softly to her, shutting the folder and keeping it in his lap lightly. "We will need it when it comes to dealing with a
Tony waited for Steve's breath to even out before pulling his hand back, leaning down to kiss Peter's cheek as he laid down himself. He smiled and curled an arm around his boy, easily drifting off.
"So warm and tight around me...love it. Love the noises you make especially, during it all." He groaned, rocking his hips upwards again.
It was silent for a moment until Tony broke the silence.
Tony shrugged, but the smile on his face told a different story. He happily ate the rest of his food, sucking down medicine with his juice.
"I know you're hot, sweetie, it's the fever," Tony murmured, leaning down to press a kiss to Steve's temple, "You need to let it run its course, okay? Give it a bit, and we'll get you back in the shower later to help. Alright, honey?"
"I know, I know, I'll behave. Maybe."
"He isn't lying." Steve chuckled gently. "Other than a couple of times, he's been well behaved."
"I know, love, but it’s been a while. Need to stretch you first, okay?" Steve hummed, working Tony open. "I'll try to be quick."
Sammy babbled back happily, sticking his hand in his mouth to chew on while he carefully watched Steve flutter around the room.
afraid of those? It’s sort of why they are called nightmares." Steve stated carefully.
Was the last thing he heard before everything went black...
"Okay." Steve hummed, kissing Tony gently before he went in their bathroom. "I love you, 'Daddy'." He said with a grin, a lightness towards Tony in his eyes before turning to Sammy. "I'll be right back with something yummy, okay? And Daddy will fix you up with a new diaper, okay little man?"
, please,
Peter yawned sleepily, happy to curl up in between his warm daddies.
"I know you don't, but know that someone had to feel you were." Steve said quietly. "The universe apparently felt that you were. Honestly, I don't feel worthy enough for you sometimes. But I remember we were matched for a reason."
"Hey..." Peter pouted, sighing as he knew he wouldn't get the paper back right now.
"Other students have been complaining about your rude behavior in class," Tony threw out, "And today I got a complaint from one of your teachers regarding your attitude and language towards them. We do not tolerate such disrespect here, do you understand me?"
"I got it!" Peter announced, wiggling from Tony's hold and running off to find the blanket.
Peter flushed in embarrassment at that, tucking his head into Tony's chest.
Tony stumbled toward the kitchen, and finding his prize, made his way back to the bedroom, hissing at the cold on his welt.
ladies, Daddy! We are men!" Peter announced, puffing his chest.
"Don't know about that, but he is. So smart for his age, but still has a child's mindset." Steve hummed. "I'm perfectly fine with that, of course. He should be a child right now."
"Love you too, baby." He whispered back, unsure if Tony actually heard him but he at least said it and meant it as his eyes slipped closed. Tomorrow. Tomorrow would be better.
The blond was close; So, so close, he could tell. A small sheen of sweat was covering his fair skin from the exertion and Steve's moans began to be more broken as he continued on. He just needed that last little push, and Tony was the one to do the pushing.
Only a few chapters left! p.s: i really don't know how fertilization works with a donor, so please have a state of suspended belief for this chapter.
"Wasn't this blanket at the
Tony just sighed and cuddled the boy closer, pulling his arms into the sweater to wrap around Peter.
"They're hot as fuck, but given the wobble in your voice, I think it'd be best to cover them up for the time being," Tony murmured, scratching at Steve's scalp, "Other than the absolutely delicious feeling of aches, I'm good. More than good. I'm amazing. Are you okay?"
"Oh man, silk sheets," Steve hummed happily, taking in the smell of the incense and the faint smell of the rose petals.  "You always manage to surprise me. Your attempt to woo me was successful." He grinned, coming around to wrap arms around Tony's waist.
"T'was the night before Christmas and all through the house, not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse..."
Peter nodded, still not speaking as he got out of his hammock and followed his Daddy. He grabbed Tony's hand in his, a pout on his face.
"I aim to please," he purred, "I tried to pick stuff y'might like. If this is the reaction I get, I'm
"This is definitely one of the better ones, I'll admit." Steve gasped, gently starting to thrust up into Tony as he held him pressed against the wall.
Peter only shrugged.
"Oh, and what a sight I am met with," he hummed appreciatively, eyeing the edible underwear with a small laugh. "I can never take those things seriously. They're just so funny to me, I swear."
Sure they hung out a lot as of recently. There was nothing wrong or weird about two friends hanging out with each other. That was perfectly normal, right?
Peter nodded and hopped off Tony's lap, giving them both a quick kiss before darting off.
He wiggled his fingers at Steve, patting his lap.
"Daddy! These clothes is too big! What was ya thinkin'?"
Tony whined high in his throat, almost crying from the overstimulation shooting up his spine.
"Can I doodle Chris'mas pi'tures wif my crayons?" Peter asked up at Steve.
"There?" Tony purred, curling his fingers. He snickered, teasing Steve a bit more.
Tony looked up from his papers, scooting out from the desk to put a hand to Steve's forehead.
"It’s okay, love. It’s okay. I'm sorry." The blond whispered, rubbing at Tony's back. He moved them down gently so they were laying on the bed, petting at Tony's hair.
"Phew..." He exhaled, "Need a little break, now. A few minutes..."
He rubbed his thumb over Steve's knuckles, turning his concentration back to the road.
wanna schtay up wate--!"
Steve pulled down the collar of his shirt just enough to show Peter the tattoo.
The blond had been in a dead sleep with his boys, waking when he felt a slight twinge, almost feeling like a switch being held down. He was just about to get up to check on Tony, feeling the baby start to stir anyway on his chest, when he heard the doorbell start to chime.
"You're adorable." Steve stated happily, kissing Tony's nose with a hum and a grin.
Peter gasped horrifically, hands going up to his lips.
Tony sat back in the hammock again, fondly watching his little boy creep closer to his husband to look at the comic book. He smiled, gently swinging himself in the hammock.
Steve moved everything out of the way and scooped Peter up quickly, shushing him softly to soothe him as he carried him up to Peter's room. "It’s okay, it’s okay bubba. We'll get you cleaned up and in clean clothes, okay? We'll be alright."
Tony nodded his head.
"Alright. Fair enough." He stated. "It’s still a bit too cold out for things outside, so we could do a classic date; Dinner and a movie. Do you know if there are any movies out in particular you want to see?"
"Oh?" Steve asked softly, nuzzling against Tony's thigh. "Please do enlighten me on this idea of yours."
"You have been down in the workshop for nearly twelve hours, Sir.".
"Awe, shucks," Tony ducked his head, tugging a blanket up over them, "It's nice to be loved."
"C'mere, Peter." Steve chuckled lightly, helping the boy out. "There ya go. You need help with the rest? Or do you got it?"
He grinned cheekily, still holding the squirming child.
"Soon enough, we'll get you your own crayons and a coloring book." He explained in a still calm tone. "We'll have fun, little bit."
Peter looked up sleepily and reached out at Steve, eyes closing as he started to nod off in Tony's arms.
Tony nodded knowingly.
"Fank you Papa," he said around a mouthful of macaroni.
She paused at the painful memory and shook her head.
"Yeah, yeah, love y'big cock tearin' me up," Tony hissed, feeling himself slip into the pain, "Oh god, baby, need y'to move--"
He turned to face Steve, pushing what he was
"You wrote 'TonyStark' in for that love and affection question," he said aloud, turning in time to see the blush creep down his partner's neck, "Subtlety was never your expertise, Rogers."
"I don't want that to have been a lie..." He whispered quietly. "I don't want to lose us. I really don't... I wouldn't last without you in my life. That's the one thing I would never be able to do..."
"But now," he started as he stood up "it is bedtime for a certain Spiderboy." He grinned, petting back Peter's bangs.
Sharon scoffed lightly as she set the bottle aside. "Well, sorry buddy, but you're permanently vacated."
"Mmm, I come up with good ideas sometimes," Tony laughed, kissing Steve back, "Okay, so I have an idea for Pete's birthday--"
Tony laughed softly, reaching up to pet Steve's hair.
"Fine. But I'm not gonna like it." Peter huffed softly, eating the veggies first to get them out of the way.
Steve began to leave small, tender kisses along his husband's face and trailing slowly down his body, cherishing the skin with each press of lips.
Tony turned his head in the direction Erin had gestured to and froze in wonder. It was Steve's project. It was wonderful. He moved his eye from piece to piece, recounting each moment that was captured.
"Speaking of roommate, what time is it?".
He took the bottle away and dabbed at Sammy's mouth with his bib, making sure he'd swallowed before letting him suckle at the bottle again.
Steve glanced back in the mirror at Peter for the moment, eyes keep on the road.
"Alright Pete, we gotta give Sammy back to Ms. Sharon for the night," Tony hummed, taking the baby into his arms so Peter could get down, "We'll come and get him first thing tomorrow, okay?"
He winked, zipping up to give Steve a kiss before closing the door on his face.
“Such a drama queen. Just like his trainer,” Tony said with a smirk, earning a pout and an incredulous ‘Hey’ from Steve in response.
"Man, he was great. I used to collect the comic books all the time. I remember one year on Halloween, I think I was six, my mom made me an all-out Captain America costume. She even helped me paint up a shield made out of a trash can lid. I thought it was the coolest thing ever, tossing it around and pretending to knock out Nazis.".
"I'm fine, you dope. I just didn't realize that that much pressure on my sternum would make it flare up."
"You's look like you's sicky, Daddy. You feels otay?"
Peter gaped.
"Alaska and Hawaii, Alaska and Hawaii," Tony blurted, knowing his cock was completely obvious, straining in his underwear.
Tony sniffled and nodded, wiping his face again before settling down, trying to focus on Steve's body heat. "Love you," he mumbled.
"Ish hopeless," he said sadly, "Oh wells."
"DUM-E, huh?" The blond grinned, looking to the others. "He builds robots and things."
"What'd you hear?" He asked, albeit nervously.
“If you think he is implying that werewolves are involved? Then yes he is.” Tony answered, setting his plate of breakfast down and looking carefully at his team members to gauge their reaction.
"Okay...?". Tony sounded unsure.
Peter scoffed at that, burrowing into Steve's chest without reply.
Tony gave a small chuckle and a gentle smirk.
He smirked and ran his hand over Steve's jaw, resting his thumb on the blond's lower lip.
"Oh, well I wasn't aware--mmmph..." Steve finished against Tony's lips, kissing back deeply. He bent down further and deepened the kiss, licking at Tony's lips as he asked for entrance.
"I'm all for that. It’s been locking up here and there from time to time." Bucky explained, rolling his shoulder a bit.
, PA. As my personal assistant, you could technically suck me off while I work at my desk," Tony drawled, tapping his fingers on Steve's chest with a smirk.
Steve looked to him a bit surprised. "You could get movers out to get the things today?"
Tony stilled at that, and nodded, finishing dressing his wound before standing, quietly wrapping his arms around Steve's neck. "Can't get rid of me that easy, Stark-Rogers," he chuckled weakly, tears brimming in his eyes.
like it, wow." He said, almost sounding awestruck. He wasn't used to Tony in the lacy things, but that made him appreciate it more.
"Sleepy, baby? You just woke up," Tony teased.
Steve relaxed in the comfort, almost nodding off until he heard the timer beeping for the cookies.
"This might be the tightest you've ever been with me. I'm surprised." The blond queried. He continued to stretch Tony, searching around for that sweet spot before he went any further.
"Just a second, baby." Steve called as he finished up the bed. "Okay, Peter. You can come in. Stay here with Daddy, I'm going to go get us a snack before bed."
"That sounds like an
"Would you not want me to Google you?" He asked softly. "Would there be anything I'd find that you wouldn't want me to? I don't think it would change anything, but I haven't this whole time. In all these years I've known you. But... Do you think there is something?"
"He was made to help around with different tasks around the workshop. I won first place with him in the contest, and I remember how proud my mother was. I could tell she was truly proud of me. That smile kept me going on to create some of my other inventions...".
"Sammy was an angel," Bucky hummed, putting his arms around Clint and Natasha's waists, "I think we'll decide soon what we want."
“Don’t be mad at him, Tony. U seems to like him enough,” Steve tried to offer “And just think; it means you’ll have a new Eevee to coddle and gush over. How long has it been since you got to do that?”
"Thatt'a boy. Just like that. Wish you could see how pretty you are like this. Lax and content, tension from your features melting away. Its beautiful." He praised, earning soft mewls from underneath him. "That feel a bit better, hm?"
"I'm at the point of being so tired I can't sleep," he complained.
He shook his head and sighed, going over to bury his face between Steve's shoulder blades.
"We are actually going to go to visit his parents sometime. Mostly so I can meet his mother. And I'll have to make sure that both Tony and I don't beat the shit out of Howard. So, that'll be something." He said, tightening his lips.
"You keep makin' me feel good, and you'll get me all smoochy like this." He giggled, leaning into the petting. "I like when you get smoochy, too. Makes me happy you're happy."
"You're still a guard, right?" Tony yawned, "That's hot. I bet you look fine in a uniform." He grinned and nuzzled Steve's chest.
Tony all but stumbled to his room, breath caught in his throat; he felt
Steve smiled back at Tony, surprised as he looked at the sheets. "Silk? Oh wow..." He hummed, opening them up and putting them onto the bed as he felt them in his fingers. He laid out the comforter onto the bed as Tony came back, smoothing it out.
"Hey pipsqueak, you okay?" Tony asked softly, reaching out to stroke the boy's hair.
"Oh, uh..." He began. "Do you wanna move to the bed then? Get some pillows set up for you to lay on?"
Dodger looked up at his trainer almost sheepishly before quickly traipsing over to the workshop couch. He hopped up on the opposite of U on the couch, nuzzling the side of her face with happy purrs coming from the two of them.
"Love you..." Steve whispered, leaning into Tony's hand with a light blush on his face. "So good to me..."
Steve kissed back hard and desperate in reply, hiccuping slightly against Tony's lips to keep himself from tearing up.
"Don't you dare," he warned playfully.
The subject matter? Something they themselves found interesting. That was a little harder.
"Why aren't you playing
"Minutes? You expect to get me off that fast? I'm impressed by your brevity, Stark-Rogers," Tony purred, tilting his neck to give Steve more room, "Take all the time you need, baby. You know I like it rough."
The brunet sighed, letting his slacks fall back to the floor and turning to shoot Steve an amused smirk.
"This is your favorite, right? Vanilla Spice?"
Clint raised a brow when he saw the grape juice in Tony's glass.
"Yeah sweetie, I've got the cookie dough chilling right now, and when it’s done we'll cut out shapes, okay?" Tony smiled, smooching Peter's forehead.
Tony purposefully didn't acknowledge the first part of Steve's question, helping him heft the mattresses on the frame. Once the mattresses were all set up, Steve smirked over at Tony.
"Oh, I'm a Captain now?" He grinned warmly. "Pray tell, when did I get promoted?"
"And why do you think he told him that?" Steve said as he rolled out dough. "I mean, if Peter still wants to use it, he can. But by the time he hits four, that'll be the end. Okay bud?" He asked the boy.
"Don't cry, hon. It’s alright. Don't cry." He hummed sweetly, petting his hair.
"Didn't-- wanted to save your hands for this," Tony groaned, slightly widening his stance, "Please-- babe--"
"God, you're beautiful," Tony breathed, leaning up to kiss away the spit and come off Steve's lips, "I wanna-- wanna have you in me, please--"
Tony blinked, a grin forming on his lips.
He carefully finished drying Sammy gentle, getting him in a new diaper and onesie.
When they were called to go in, Steve gave Tony's hand a reassuring squeeze as they stood, walking in to meet Dr. Rhodes.
"You're probably right. But if they find out, they are probably going to come over anyway." He pointed out. "We'll wait a few days to tell them. So we don't overwhelm him too much."
It was all just so much all at once, leaving Steve just a noisy mess. He couldn't even form the words to warn Tony as he got close, coming hard soon after and vision whiting out for a moment.
"I'm a big boy, Daddy! Big boys don't potty deir pants." Peter explained seriously, crossing his arms. "I'll be 'tay."
"Y'know, for someone who was complaining I made them sore, you sure are looking to have me make you sore again." He chuckled, running his tongue against the fresh mark before going to make another one.
Tony's eyes widened as he started to run further into the mansion in a panic.
He took a breath and looked down at the baby carrier, laughing softly as he bent down to pick up Sammy.
"Alright, you guys have a good nap, I've got some updates to work on in the 'shop," he murmured, "Call me up whenever it’s time to eat."
"You wanna play the cock-based puns game? I will beat your ass at that game, Mister," Tony laughed, quickly dissolving into moans.
A small hand patted at Peter's leg in a consoling manner almost, Sammy having manage to move himself over to his older brother.
"No. No objections. None at all." The blond breathed, wriggling slightly under the touch. "I hadn't known you even had such desires towards me." He murmured, feeling Tony gently teasing at the skin around his groin.
"You gonna stay, dough?" Peter asked sleepily, snuggling deeper into Tony and shutting his eyes. "You make it easy to sweep..."
"Peter sure sounds like a bright kid," he added in, watching Pete's face light up, "Don't you think, Stevie?"
As he waited for the water to boil, he picked up Harry the Manta Ray, cuddling him close silently as a comfort.
"I hacked into the school's system and changed it to Physics.".
Steve sent out a grinned across the table at the group, glass in hand. "On the count of three. One, two...three!"
Nervously, he nodded, gently accepting the baby into his arms. Like he was taught at class, he kept the baby's head supported on his arm, cooing softly at the fussy baby.
Sammy babbled up at him, seemingly in agreement. Steve smiled softly at all his boys, giving them all loving smooches. He stopped for a moment when a thought occurred.
He made a small whoosh noise as he lowered the boy, helping him set the box on the counter.
"I actually don't mind the job, thank you." Steve hummed, coming up to help with the dishes. "But I would like us to go out somewhere today. Have a real date."
"More than okay," Tony breathed, still trying to catch his breath, "More than okay. Better than okay."
"It's Christmas," Tony shrugged, passing over the bottle of red for Clint to pour, "Only half glasses, Birdbrain. There's more if people want more."
He grinned, waving his stocking at Steve.
Steve smiled up at the other and wrapped arms around Tony's waist, pulling them close to where their hips pressed together once again.
"Mhm. We get to clean footprints off the walls when we get back, though," Tony replied nonchalantly, picking up the picnic basket, "I'm sure you can reach them, right, Peter?"
"Miss you too, baby." Steve mewled as Tony slipped in fingers. "Miss being with you like we used to..." He croaked softly, voice cracking a bit as he spoke.
Man I need to work and get this finished. I have so many projects that I have to work on, and other fics I am working on. Sorry this is gonna have to go a little slow, mangs....
"T-Tony?!"
Satisfied, Tony smacked the crop against the top of Steve's ass, immediately leaning down to kiss the blooming red.
"Handsome means you're good looking. Like if someone says a girl is pretty or beautiful, for a boy you would say they are handsome."
"I'm not gon' fuck you, Steve," Tony murmured, "I'm gonna make love to you in
"Relax," he murmured.
Tony thought to himself. Steve's smile did things to him that he wasn't sure he liked just yet.
"A...a what?" Steve asked softly, not sure what that term was. Tony had never used the term around him before.
"I'll pack him a bag. Help him eat?" He offered, swooping over to give Steve a kiss.
"J-Just get upstairs and get ready, okay?". Steve managed to stutter out embarrassedly. Tony chuckled and did a half-assed salute
"You still needed one more expression for your project, right? Well there you go...". With that he turned around and went on his way, leaving a hurt Steve in his wake. Tony didn't want to leave him like that, but he felt that it was better to keep things from getting more involved now that he wouldn't be coming back next semester.
"Cute," He grinned, snapping a few photos before going back downstairs.
Steve gave him a gentle smack in the arm before he revved the engine.
"Whaddya wanna do, babe?" He murmured, "Tell me what you want b'fore we get started."
Tony snorted a laugh, tipping his head back.
It didn't take much longer before the nurse returned with a file of paperwork in her hands, grinning at the site of them in front of her.
"Mmm, I love when you play with my hair..." He sighed happily, playing footsie with Tony as their legs were tangled.
"Well," Steve began, "By the state of the body, Mr. Wilson seems to have died between nine and ten o'clock last evening. It is still unknown as to why the specific parts were taken from him, but they were taken nonetheless."
"Mmhm.
"Awe, look at you," Tony teased, buttoning up the onesie, "My cute little monkey, huh?"
"Thanks, bambi," he murmured, setting the bottle aside the wipe Sammy's lips, "I mean it."
“'Course." The blond hummed, ripping the packet open with his teeth and working to slick up his fingers.
Steve hummed lightly at that, reaching over to cup Tony's cheek and kissing his lips gently. "I love you. You always make me so happy." He whispered with a smile, booping their noses together.
"He's closing up the shop around midnight, then he'll be on his way," Tony grinned, slipping a hand under Steve's shirt, "I bet his gifts will be... interesting."
," Peter stressed. "Ya embarr'sin' Papa. He's pink!"
"We'd never leave you behind, baby boy. We'll treat you just the same as we do and have ever since we had you." Steve explained softly, smooching Peter's cheeks.
"Papa supplies the heat, Daddy supplies the silly kisses!" Steve chuckled, hugging the boy up in his arms from the shrieking giggle.
"Then control it and be harder," Tony growled, backing them up so he fell on the bed, "Please? I'll beg for it, if you want me to."
"I'm always careful," he replied seriously, kissing Steve back, "Don't get paint everywhere."
"Hadn't been stretched in a while." Steve pointed out, leaning with the touch with a soft mewl. "'M tryin' to relax, love. Promise."
"Oh my... That sounds terribly grizzly." Steve hummed in concern, holding his cup.
"Yes, we know you're six, pipsqueak," Tony grinned, ruffling the kid's hair.
"Good morning and Merry Christmas, everyone." Pepper greeted, emerging finally and looking well rested.
"--I assume you know why I called you into my office?"
, Steve?"
Steve smirked at that playfully. "Always so impatient. I love it, though." He hummed, making quick work of the rest of the outline. "Alright. I'm done. Now, c'mere." He grinned.
"Love you. Man, I love you." He breathed back, pulling Tony into another kiss. He hummed against Tony's lips, threading his fingers through dark locks.
"I do, holy fuck, Steve," Tony whimpered, rolling his hips down to meet Steve's thrusts, "Y'so thick, completely tearing me up and it feels
"You. Definitely you." Steve said quickly, looking Tony over and running a finger along the collar again. "Is it comfortable for you?"
"You're terrible. Leave the coffee on the first shelf," Tony grumbled, "And remind me to buy a stepstool."
The men settled onto the couch, both under the throw blanket because Steve insisted they share and stay warm, even though it was fairly comfortable in the mansion. But hey, it was an excuse for him to be closer to Steve, so he wasn't going to complain about it. As the movie Anastasia began to play, Tony started to wind down and relax into the couch. He needed this after today. It was nice. He was relaxed...
Peter was knelt over the trashcan, sobbing as he continually retched, tiny body shaking.
It was cold.
"Fuck!" He grunted, greasy hand going up to the bump on his head.
dinner. Its nice for a change."
Peter nodded, resting his head on Tony's shoulder.
"We're going to my apartment to have angry sex and I'm telling Pepper to send your termination papers for that asshole and new papers to be my assistant," He hissed, putting Steve in the car before getting back into the driver's seat, roaring off back to their apartments.
"I know. I've gained ten years of life from how much you've fucked me over," Tony groaned, "I'm gonna live forever at this point."  He grinned, laying down on the bed before tugging Steve over him.
"Ooooh, how're y'gonna take care a'me, Steeeeve," Tony hummed, nuzzling at Steve's neck, "You know I'll always complain."
Turning around, he held his arms up, wiggling his fingers.
Tony slipped himself off Steve and kissed his cheek, wobbling slightly as he barely made it from the desk to the bed, sighing in relief at the pillows on his back.
"I'm getting better, though. I think. I hope I am," he mumbled, "I wanna be good enough. Especially if--"
"Well, I know Bruce needs a place. And my assassin buddies will need a refuge," Tony murmured, taking Steve down to the master bedroom, "Bucky's welcome, too. It'd be like a big family thing."
Steve nodded and settled as well, letting his eyes slip shut as the others had fallen asleep. Things would be all right. Everyone will get used to the new addition to the family tomorrow.
"Oh, shush. You wouldn't bully me," Tony cooed, kissing his cheek, "You wouldn't hurt a fly, babe. I trust you."
"Good plan. Everyone'll be in bed early after pigging out on your cooking," Tony joked, stealing another kiss.
"A box," Tony deadpanned, a shy smile trying not to show on his face. He laughed nervously, picking up the box before sitting up, turning to face Steve.
Tony flushed, biting his lip.
"Ah-Ah. Have'ta behave." He said, inching his finger away when Tony moved to it before slipping in two fingers right off the bat.
would be funny. Peter, call Papa 'Mommy' from now on," Tony joked, turning a grin to Steve that quickly dissolved into a shiver of fear at the look on his face.
Tony bit his lip and shrugged.
"Sort of? I'm surprised he didn't throw himself in front of a semi after that," Clint muttered, "Tony's the type you talk down and be gentle with. There's no point in yelling at a man whose IQ is nearly 200."
Peter looked down the slide warily at first before giving a firm nod, looking back up at Tony.
Tony just looked up at the ceiling and sighed.
time." Steve explained, petting Peter's bangs back. "But you may change your mind someday. And if you don't, that’s just fine with us. Whatever makes you happy."
, he happily handed the paperwork and pen back to Sharon.
Steve was surprised to hear that, glancing to Tony in concern.
Steve looked to him surprised, cheeks tinting just slightly, "You... You bought a desk. Just so you could..." A small smirk twitched at the corner of his mouth in amusement. "You are so strange." He chuckled.
"Mmm," Tony rolled his eyes, "You're such a jealous little boy. Papa gets that way too."
"Hey. Hey you, shhh," Tony soothed, putting Peter between him and Steve, "We didn't lie, sweetheart. We really didn't."
He swiveled to face Steve, taking off his magnifying glasses and gloves.
doing that to Peter, Tony!" The blond scolded. "We're not scarring the poor kid until he is at least sixteen."
"Okay," he sniffled, shakily standing, "I gotta brush m'teeth."
He stopped and glanced into the next room with a hum. "Is this the room you said would be a good nursery?"
"Otay."
He shrugged and threw his juice box away, opting to start building a cookie platter for the guests.
Steve gave him a soft look, glancing down towards where he remember Tony's marks.
"Well, thing is, the lake out back is sorta-kinda man made. It looks like a lake, heated like a pool. Water's warm, dude," Tony grinned, turning down a seemingly endless driveway, "And, best part, Jay's got security running so no one'll come bother us. We can have lake sex in peace."
"Yeah... Yeah, I wanna-- if you let me help get the corset off you." He breathed, looking down and eyeing Tony carefully.
"Alright you, swallow what's in your mouth and go brush your teeth," Tony laughed, taking his plate from Steve.
“Tony? You find her? She alright?” Steve asked, he and Dodger following in after. The blond stopped when he saw his lover stop, the brunet oddly quiet, “Tony? Everything okay…?”
"I know. I'm trying to trust you on that, I just... can't. I was starting to trust you as much as I had once trusted Obie, and that almost ended up with me dead...".
"Sounds fattening, pipsqueak," Tony hummed, walking into the kitchen.
Sammy gurgled up at Tony, chewing on his fist.
"Well, there's not all that much to tell," Steve explained carefully, not really one to talk about himself too much, “I'm originally from Brooklyn, moved away to here when I was 21 and been here ever since. Make a good wage as a guard at the art museum, selling some of my own stuff on the side."
"Yeeeees?" He drawled, squeaking when he got picked up.
how much I fucking love you."
Fury's good eye twitched in amusement, not averting his gaze on the captain.
"Right. We don't actually have to do much of anything with it, if you don't want. Not right away. I just--the ring makes you mine. Completely. It's cheesy as hell but..." Tony trailed off, nibbling his lip. "...Sometimes I need the reminder," he finished quietly.
"I can' get da buttn’..." He pouted as he tried to get his pants undone.
Steve turned to give him a look, carrying his own plate to the table.
He tugged Peter close, content to hug him while he thought.
"'M sowwy... 'M
He bust out in a fit of laughter, reaching up to clap a hand over his mouth, silently thanking his stars that Steve wasn’t treating him like he was weak.
"Thank you, Pete," Tony murmured."
"'kay, Papa." Peter hummed behind the binky, kicking his feet softly as he sat in the chair.
'The idea of movies in general seems incredible. The story itself seems kind of a stretch...' Steve pointed out with a hum 'And not because its about a mermaid.' he explained.
"We should gets Daddy a shark dolly," he announced, once they started to move onto the jellyfish room, "He likes sharks."
"Hon, I'm too conceited to let you damage the goods," Tony laughed, leaning down to smooch Steve's temple, "Everything's alright, baby. I promise."
"Daaaddy! Not in fron'a Sammy!" Peter griped, covering the baby's eyes despite the giggles from the little one. "It’s gwoss!"
"I couldn't--
Peter reached over to hold Sammy's hand, giggling softly when the boy stopped his whimpers.
"Dat's it Samms, can ya do d'next part?" Peter asked.
Peter frowned and shifted the book away, covering the spot with his hands. "No," he mumbled, pulling the book closer to himself.
"You can't what, Tony?" He asked quietly. Steve was concerned for him, unsure of how his condition escalated.
Steve reached into his shirt for the chain around his neck. Attached to the chain were a set of dog tags.
"Ah--wha--?" Steve winced slightly as he woke, feeling the nails dig into his pec.
"Daddy? Papa?" They heard with a small knock at the door.
"Here, we're gonna move to the couch, okay? I'll get blankets to cuddle around us."
Feeling Steve shift, Tony leaned up slightly so the blond could get out, laying back down once he was gone. Tony sighed into the comfort of the couch, gently rubbing Steve's back.
not to."
"Ya silly, Daddy." Peter answered as he let Tony scrub him up. "Silly silly silly silly silly." He sputtered as water fell on his face again.
"Sir, please, I need more,
"Papa!"
As he got ready to leave for his job that afternoon at the art museum, Steve checked his mail to realize that his was mixed with someone's down the hall.
"Mmm, the ancient ones are priceless y'know," Tony hummed, shoving his other hand into his pocket, "So, have you thought about the cake? Or is that part of my surprise?"
"You organize, I transport?" He asked, smooching Steve's cheek.
Tony chuckled softly, watching the tail in amusement.
"I remember that thing." Steve said softly. "That was one of the first things we tried. The end result was great, but the during was teasing."
!" Tony screamed, "Holy fucking cunt are you fucking
Peter hiccupped and nodded, wiping the tears off his cheeks as he wrapped his arms around Steve's neck.
about that phase. Lord knows it's gonna be me giving him the talk, and I'd rather not think about it," Tony snorted, "Focus on how little and innocent he is now. Okay? Okay."
"Any questions?"
"Well, there are lots of reasons why." The man answered. "He's brilliant, funny, caring and loving. He has his problems, but everyone does. He's my first love and my last. My soulmate..." He answered, quiet and fond.
"I've had the ring since I got the tattoo. I've just been waiting for him to come along," Tony hummed, sniffling, "Oh god, I'm so sappy, this is horrifying. Don't look at me, I'm all gross with puffy eyes--"
"We okay?" Tony asked softly, brushing the child's curls back.
"Pete, you can't say stuff like that to your Papa," He sighed, "Even if you think you're joking. He loves you very much and it really hurts him when you say stuff like that."
"Too old for this, Rogers," he wheezed, ignoring the blond's laugh, "Come, come, you're my personal furnace."
"I know it probably wasn't a preferred thing, but if you hadn't he wouldn't have had someone to help him get away. So thank you for that." Steve thanked softly.
"Shhh. There are people listening," Tony hushed him, reaching up to stroke his cheek, "I'll get some stuff done, and hopefully start the Christmas cookies."
"Yeah, bubba. Let me just hand your brother to Daddy." The blond hummed, giving Sammy to Tony and scooping Peter up and into his lap for a snuggle.
"Ooo, chilly--" Steve teased, feeling Tony's feet as they snuggled. "Our little escapades aren't done yet today, but a catnap first'll be nice--".
"Yes sir." Peter said softly, clinging to Tony and not yet looking over at Steve. Wetness started to build up at the corners of his eyes when he finally did look to Steve, lip wobbling softly.
Steve looked back at him, unbelieving.
"It’s called being a parent and trying to figure out when we
"Alright. Get rest, love. Text me if you need anything while I'm downstairs, okay?" He said sweetly, heading out the door.
"This is true. Long while. Real long while." Steve hummed, tilting his head a bit. "Right now isn't a good time for any of it, sadly." He whined faintly. "Maybe this afternoon, we could see if Peter wants to visit his uncles and aunt?"
"I'm getting the hang of this Dad-thing, I guess," Tony chuckled softly, rubbing his thumb over Steve's knuckles, "He sounds exactly like you, Steve. He's gonna be just like you when he's older."
"You want creative, baby? I can do creative," Tony murmured, "Tell me what you want, sweetheart. Down to a T. Specifics."
He sat on the floor in front of the couch, reaching up to prt lightly at Tony's hair.
Tony sighed and slumped against the floor, tapping his fingers against his chest as he stared at the ceiling. Peter wiggled his way to Steve, laying on his lap and looking up to him.
Steve leaned down and started to kiss at the top of Tony's head. "If it’s any consolation, I've
"You've never treated me like a son, anyway." Tony retorted after a bit more silence, grabbing up his case and pushing past Howard as fast as he was able.
"I know you don't, sweetheart, but you have to trust our judgement," Tony tried, shoulders slumping as the boy continued to cry.
"Mmm, I love you." Steve hummed, kissing the nape of Tony's neck.
idea," Tony grinned, pulling Steve with him, "But we need to check on the--"
"Ah--"
"Don't get me all started then leave me again." He said sadly. "Are you really going to be mean to me, Mr. Stark?"
Steve nodded, curling up in the blanket. "I can talk. But you don't have to turn the heat up. Just phantom chills, they'll pass..."
Tony made it back to the hideout, calling out into the space loudly.
Steve warmly smiled at the younger man. He thought to himself that this whole thing might be good for the both of them.
Tony's mouth twitched a smirk as he settled into the weight against him.
. I couldn't ask for more."
Only Papa gets t'call Daddy schweetie," Peter interjected, pointing his finger at them.
Steve hummed at the touch, running his hands along Tony's sides. "What're ya doing there, mister?" He grinned down at him.
"I--ah, I do, Sir--" Tony put his head on the desk, breathing through his nose as he took his punishment, toes curling against the floor. He whined against the loss of heat from the ruler, looking back at Steve.
"Cheeseball," Tony murmured, crawling over Steve.
"I wonder why?" Steve asked in concern. "Is it just like a headache? Or worse? I can go get you some pain reliever?"
"I can do it," he protested, unclicking the buckle and hopping out, "See?"
"He loves you so much, Peter." Steve smiled, reaching up to card fingers through Peter's hair. "Sammy loves his big brother very much."
He smiled at his baby, cuddling the boy to his chest.
"It a plush penguin from the gift shop. Not an actual penguin." He clarified to the others. With Tony, he probably could have got a live penguin.
"Hey now, Mr. Pouty Britches. Santa can see you pouting." Steve warned, ruffling the boy's hair. "He knows everything you do, booboo."
With great effort, he managed to get to the couch, laying out the blanket first so he wouldn't bleed into the furniture. Steve still had concern baked into his expression as he stood by the couch.
Steve let out a careful chuckle. "Not like that, baby. It means like... Kissing other people than the one you are dating or married to."
Tony nodded, but pouted anyway, trying to roll his hips again.
Once he was sure Steve was ready, Tony slipped in a second finger, scissoring him open.
"I didn't
Steve looked at Tony, a bit worried.
Steve shook his head softly.
Steve's face looked a little hurt for a moment, not that Tony could see it. He reached out to lightly pat the shaken man's shoulder. This caused Tony to twitch, as if reacting to someone trying to assault him. Steve slowly pulled his arm away from Tony's shoulder, his eyes filling with slight sadness. He started to leave and spoke softly before closing the door.
"I love you," Tony mumbled, "So much more than you know."
Steve's brain was buzzing with positivity at the thought, and if it was true, Tony probably could hear it. "That would be amazing if it was, Tony. But why would it just now start happening?"
"So the doc said that the stitches have to stay for a couple of weeks. I'll need to help keep it clean and put ointment on it to help keep from scarring, but that won't be trouble at all."
Peter nodded, reaching his arms out for Steve.
He leaned up to kiss Tony feather soft and nuzzling his cheeks.
"Isn't he silly?" Tony whispered to Peter, bouncing him on his hip.
"Love it when you're all stretched out for me like this," Tony purred, yanking off Steve's pants and tossing them to the floor, "Absolutely divine."
"Who is that, Sammy? Is that bubby? You like being with bubby, don't you?" He giggled, using one arm to mix up formula.
"You want me in fishnets?" Tony squeaked over Steve's lips, letting his husband kiss over his neck, "I mean, I can totally get them, just remind me to call Bruce and I can probably order the entire outfit in my size, I'll get lipstick too--"
"Alright, Mister making-up-the-crossword," Tony interrupted, "Despite being a genius, I can't read your mind."
forty cars?" Steve croaked out in surprise. It was a lot to even imagine one person having.
"Yeah! 'M hungry." Peter said enthusiastically, getting up and running towards the kitchen. He came up and hugged around Tony's legs happily.
"Bubba," Peter said.
He paused, then got up to lay down on the floor, staring at the ceiling.
," Tony gasped, arching off the bed, "Right there Steve, holy hell--"
"Sowwy." Peter said, burying his face in Tony's neck as they headed downstairs.
"Going to have to strip search you first. Make sure you don't have any contraband."
"You're weekends, I'm weekdays. Perfect," Tony laughed, going to the coffee maker, "Sounds like a plan. Write it in the itinerary."
I added more to the original first chapter, so if you read the first chapter before the edit go back and read the rest before reading this chapter!!!
He grinned and had Steve sit up, pushing him against the headboard so his legs went over his shoulders.
Steve smiled back, looking up at Tony with a grin. "Well, you best start believing. Or will I have to make you believe it?" He asked, raising a brow.
"Peter told us he accidentally sat on his glasses. Why wouldn't he have told us he was getting bullied? He knows how I feel about bullies." Steve hummed in thought. "We need to ask him what he'd want to do first, though. Find a compromise before we just pull him out of school."
Bucky was next, giving a disbelieving look on his face at what was in one of his gifts.
Steve nodded softly kissing Tony's cheek.
"Well," Steve started, wringing his hands "Daddy and I were talking about maybe homeschooling you and letting you have an after school activity so you still had some kids your age to hang out with."
"He took a bath, got changed, and immediately asked me to read to him my thesis on the possibility of Artificial Intelligence that can learn," Tony sighed, "He fell asleep by the second page."
"I'll help you out. Then we can head to bed." Steve hummed happily, getting one more kiss in before helping move and stack everything up.
Tony laughed at that, turning to set his ice pack aside.
"I--ah, yes, yes Sir," Tony replied softly, slightly confused as he looked up at Steve from under his eyelashes, "Whenever you wanna ask, go ahead."
"No, no, baby, you're good, more than good," Tony slurred, relishing in the pleasant ache in his body. “That--that was amazing,” He sighed happily, laughing softly. “Can we move up to the bed? I'm afraid I might get too sore to move..."
