It had all three of them rising from their seats. “Sammy, everything okay?” called Dean.
“Here, I brought this for you,” she said as she handed it over. “Hey Dean, can I give you a makeover later?”
He cut up a tomato and lettuce, placing them in their own bags, and packing the sandwiches and fixings into a large, wicker picnic basket. He grabbed a bag of potato chips, a thermos of hot coffee and one of lemonade, a container of strawberries, and a fresh peach pie he’d made earlier in the day.
. W…i…l…l…
“Hey, Cas!” said Dean and then added, “Wow, you clean up nice.”
“I’m so sorry, Dean,” Castiel whispered, his look knowing exactly what Dean and his family had gone through.
“Its only been a few weeks since Thanksgiving,” Cas replied, giving a small laugh before turning his head and kissing Amelia’s cheek. “I missed you guys, too.”
filled the car.
“You mean it's not from a packet?” Claire asked, eyes wide again. “You’re awesome!”
"It was nice meeting you and I'll ask if it’s alright if we go to your place tonight instead of what we had planned," said Castiel before he was out the door.
“You coming?” asked Castiel, looking at him from across the car. Dean looked over and saw Castiel reaching to pick up his phone with one hand, his other balancing the ‘ruined’ pie in his lap.
Castiel nodded but it didn’t look very convincing. Dean rubbed his thumb across Castiel’s lower lip, kissed it, then his cheek, his temple. He could feel the tension slowly leaving his boyfriend’s body.
Of course, even though the three of them were running faster than Dean knew some of the boys in the class could run, it wasn’t good enough for John. Every time they finished a lap, John would tell them to run faster, that his ‘grandmother could run faster than that’.
right to try tearing other families up just to make yourself feel better! I think we have overstayed our welcome, why don’t you and Gabriel go wait in the car.”
That didn’t really help. The walk to the door was far longer the Dean remembered it being. Back when Eileen was alive, Dean hadn’t even stopped long enough to knock on the door; he used to just waltz inside. It had never mattered how often he’d been there or what time it was, convenient or not. Sam used to yell at him for it, but Eileen always just laughed it off and told him to make himself at home.
“It’s two friends meeting to discuss some things,” corrected Castiel and Dean was pretty sure his heart just got crushed into tiny pieces. He was so busy trying to wrap his head around it that he almost didn’t notice that Castiel was still talking, just in a lower voice so the people near them wouldn’t hear him. “I just mean that when I take you out on a date it’s going to be someplace else than your mom’s cafe shop. Not that it’s not a great place for a date, I just think you deserve to go somewhere new and exciting for our first date.”
“The guy ends up falling in love and throwing the bet out the window!”
" Dean heard him groan loud and long. If he was more in his senses, Dean would have worried about waking everyone else up, but all he could do was moan around Cas in his mouth, as he felt him thicken in his mouth, ready to explode.
Castiel laughed again as Dean jumped, the waitress coming up behind him to drop off their check. “Can I get you boys anything else?” she asked, looking between them, and Dean shook his head quickly as he lifted his hips to pull his wallet from his back pocket.
Looking through the notes Donna had left Sam, Charlie quickly picked out what she could try to do to help. “I think she wants to see more emotions from you. Don’t just write the facts, write how you feel about them. Like…” Charlie looked around her while she was trying to come up with some example. She noticed ‘The Hobbit’ still lying on the table where she put it, but now it was mostly buried under Dean’s clothes. “...like in ‘The Hobbit’! You have read that one, right?”
What Benny’s dead? Who killed him and more importantly when?
“You can’t save everyone, Dean.”
“Sam just invited
“I’m trying to get into Stanford, okay? I was sure I would get a sports scholarship, but now, because of Dean, I might not get it. So I need a backup plan. Since Miss Hanscum dosen’t like me all that much, I need some help getting on her good side.” At Charlie’s distrusting look, he added, “I can get the boys to back off of Dean. Trust me, Dean’s not gonna like what they have already planned.”
Dean ducked inside Doctor Novak’s room and breathed a sigh of relief, before suddenly remembering that the man himself was in the bed and probably wondering what was going on. He turned around, and was faced with a wide-eyed, confused-looking patient.
Cas looked back and forth between him and the hostess—Beth, according to her bright yellow, taco-shaped nametag. For a second, Dean feared Cas wasn't going to let it go, but his shoulders slumped and he nodded.
Dean took a deep breath, blowing it out slowly. “You really like this guy?”
“What rumors?” asked Dean, even though he was fairly sure what rumor Castiel was talking about. Dean hadn’t really gotten the opportunity to talk to Castiel alone since the rumors of him being gay started going around school. To make matters worse, rumors that Dean had a crush on Castiel had somehow started floating around school, too.
“I can’t be your
thought Dean, but he decided to keep that little bit of information to himself for now. Castiel hadn’t actually asked him out yet, so there was no need to get his friends overly excited for something that potentially wouldn’t happen. Dean knew that Charlie would go insane with planning what he should wear, where they should go, what he should talk about, the moment she heard that Dean had a date. Hell, she would probably drag Jo down the rabbit hole with her! “It’s just two friends hanging out.”
Since Sam had gone home to take care of a few things before joining them for dinner later that night, his seat was free for Anna to take. “So have you decided what game we’ll play this year?” Narrowing her eyes, she added, “We are not playing monopoly again, Gabriel,” before he could even finish opening his mouth.
“Dean,” Cas called out to him. “Dean!” Dean stopped walking but didn’t turn around. “Don’t confuse my control for being uncaring.”
Castiel gave her a soft smile, reaching over to squeeze her hands. “I appreciate how much you care, and you are right -- what happens in my life is your business, because that’s how our family works. Come here.”
“Alright, alright, cut it out.” He managed to shove her off completely and threw a look at her. “Charlie,” he sighed, “would you like to come and crawl into bed with me? There’s beer and… tap water.”
Since Mom’s coffeehouse was out, there weren’t all that many nice places left in town. Dean really,
“Yeah, don’t worry, I wouldn’t want to rob you of your chance to get
"It's a beauty."
“Right, thank you Mrs. Camp- Uhh, Mary,” Castiel said as he sent a quick look in Dean’s direction only to get a small, sad smile in return.
Sam Winchester was Dean’s half brother. When Mary told his father she was pregnant with Dean, John had been overjoyed. A week later he told her that he was leaving for college and that he would pay for her to have an abortion. Why John suddenly decided he didn't want their kid and to leave for school was a mystery. Needless to say, Mary did not have an abortion; John still left.
“Cas, honey, you’re not making any sense. Why don’t you tell me what’s going on?” asked Mary.
Sam smiles at him and pats him on the shoulder. "Just…take a walk."
"Fuck, Dean!" Cas moaned. "I'm so close-
at Castiel and said, “Maybe if you're good, you can be discharged tomorrow.”
“Like him? Please don’t tell me you
Dean grinned at his brother and winked at him, “Well, maybe now you won’t show up unannounced.”
“Yes. No. I mean ...no, I’m not married. Not any more. That’s Daphne, Amelia’s best friend. We’re divorced. So very, very divorced.”
“I see you got the Impala. If you want,” Castiel offered with a smirk, already knowing what the answer would be, “we can take mine instead.”
“Why are you freaking out over what to wear? You two have already gone on a date.”
A number of "Hell yes!" from the jocks accompanied by a groan from the nerds could be heard echoing in the large gym space.
“You don’t have to do this, you know. I can have Mom kick him out if you want,” offered Jo as she got some soda cans out of the fridge for their new guests.
"Deep Purple! Good pick!" Dean cleared his throat and started signing. "
From the look on his face, she knew Dean got a little bit hurt by that. For years they had always gotten tangled together when they were watching something, it was their thing. No way were any of them sick of it! But as Charlie had put it, in the name of true love, sacrifices have to be made! Or... something like that. Jo punched Dean’s arm playfully as they dragged out another couch and was relieved when his hurt expression turned into one of amusement.
"It will be. Now hang up and finish moving tree branches and lights around for the millionth time, and I'll see you soon."
“Actually, she said his parents were on their way,” said Gabriel. “She didn’t specify his mom.”
about going out with his friend, Dean figured Castiel hadn’t told him either.
Dean came to when he saw lights shining through the trees. Had Sam’s friends come back for him? Somehow he doubted that. He held his breath, listening. A short time later, he heard an engine shut off, followed by voices in the distance.
Then Castiel opens the door, dressed in pajama pants and a waffle robe with old man slippers on his feet, looking tired but better than Dean has seen him in days. All his nerves dissipate immediately leaving behind a warm glow, one that makes him want to wrap an arm around Castiel’s waist and kiss him stupid. Castiel’s eyes light up when they land on him and he smiles.
“The numbers don’t add up! I have done the calculation four times now and I never get the same result,” answered Bobby as he flipped through the mail Dean had just handed him.
“Deal.” Sam smiled and held out his hand for them to shake.
“We are already dating!” called Dean after them, which caused Charlie to turn around on the spot. “Plus, we could have just gone out the window like I use to do when we were younger.”
Cas stands and holds a hand out to Dean, pulls him up and wraps his arm around Dean's waist. They walk together back to the entrance to the trees.
Tune in for the next chapter by babysnotaprop!!!
After Sam had stormed out with Gabriel behind him, Castiel turned to Dean’s friends and asked if he could have a moment with Dean alone. Charlie and Benny hesitated a little bit but in the end, they followed the others back to the TV, leaving Castiel and Dean alone in the kitchen.
Dean took a quick look to make sure there was nobody else on the nearby tables that could have ordered this, but all the tables nearby were empty. Casting a quick look behind him he saw his mom’s and Charlie’s heads peeking around the corner. Leave it to his mom to provide food for his non-date without even being asked. His mom had the courtesy to stop and go away when she saw Dean looking at them, Charlie did not. Thankfully his mom dragged Charlie away too after Charlie had shown no signs of stopping. The last thing Dean saw of them was a thumbs up from Charlie before she disappeared behind the corner.
Dean pulled out of the parking spot, nodding once to Sam as they came around the building and saw his brother locking up the front door. Castiel gave a tiny wave, then reached for the radio, clicking it on and turning the dial to a comfortable sound level.
Taking it and looking inside, Claire, with an unimpressed look, said, “You’re giving me your wallet? There’s not very much in it.”
Dean was glad Benny couldn’t see the look he and Charlie shared. Charlie was one of the few people that knew about the crush Dean used to have on Benny back then.
“Come on,” Dean panted as he thumbed over the slit of Castiel’s cock, “let go, come for me.”
“Better?” Cas asked against his lips after a few moments.
“Thanks, Charlie! You’re the best. See you tomorrow!” With that, Beny turned around and pretty much ran out the door.
Before Dean got the chance to reply, Benny asked, “Dude, is your dad going to give us
. What if this isn't what Cas wants? They've talked about it, sure, but not in serious terms. What if he's making a huge mistake, putting Cas on the spot like this? What if Cas would prefer something private and intimate. What if—
And I'm so terrible sorry that I haven't been answering comments for the last year. I have read and love every single one, I just haven't gotten to answering them. Bad me!
“That was…” Castiel blew out a deep breath as he ran his fingers through Dean’s hair, “just wow.”
“How old is she?” Dean asked, taking a step closer and pulling one of the trees out, slowly rotating it so they both could look at the flourish of branches.
“No, I was looking for, um,” he fumbles with the clipboard in his hands just to give himself something to do. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to interrupt.”
“Ooh! Do tell. What
They moved through the living room, a Christmas tree set up and shining colorfully in the corner, and casting the modest set up in purple, blue, and green hues. They stumbled together down the darkened hallway, Kissing and groping each other the entire way. Once Dean reached the door he fumbled behind his back grasping the knob, both of them tumbling inside the moment he got the door open.
“Are you going to decorate the tree with us? Uncle Cas said there’s gonna be
“No trouble?” asked Castiel from the doorway as Dean took his shoes off.
“It’s nice to see you checking up on your patients, Winchester.” Balthazar cuts in, jerking his head towards Castiel’s former room when Dean feigns innocence. “Shame this one got away from you.”
“I’m going to open you up nice and slow,” he whispered, fingers trailing down Dean’s side and making him shiver. “I’m going to push you to the edge with just my fingers inside of you. Then I want you to ride me, I want to watch you sink down on me and lose yourself above me. What do you think about that?”
Bobby taps him in the back with his cane. "C'mon. Let's go over the plan with everyone again."
Castiel looked confused for a moment, his eyes darting over to the garage before his mouth parted in a soft “Oh!” of understanding.
Did you give Castiel my number?
Castiel shook his head, pushing up and finding Dean’s lips in a soft kiss. “Go save the Oreos. I’ll be down in a sec.”
I’ll be dead, dumbass! Ha, how that for last worlds!
feed Ryan an abnormal amount of sugar…”
“It’s weird that Uriel got in the class,” Benny whispered, leaning over as silence filled the gym and Coach cleared his throat, adjusting the paper he was reading from. “There are only two spots left now. Coach has to be crazy not to give you one, brother. But as much as I hate to say it? Both Gordon and Sam are ten times better than Uriel... so why is he on he list?” Dean shrugged, not having time to answer as the Coach read out the last names. “Alright, lastly we have Gordon Walker and Dean Winchester."
“Dean, can you help me in the kitchen for a moment?” asked Jo before walking into the kitchen without giving him time to answer.
Even though Dean had only been half joking when he said that, he had not expected Charlie to look so worried. He quickly told her not to worry about Sam before going back over to Castiel and Jo who were ready and just waiting for him.
“Balthazar, please.” Cas sighed.
pie?” asked Castiel with his head tilted to the side as he looked into Dean’s eyes. It was almost like he could find out how Dean’s mind worked if the looked hard enough.
Do you think I’m crazy? I don’t give out your phone number until after you slept with them.
“You know hitting it doesn’t usually help, right? Here let me, oh and here’s your mail. “ said Dean as he handed over the mail and got to work on the computer. “Now what are you trying to do?”
"Uuuuuuugh" Sam groaned in reply, not bothering to explain himself any further.
”It’s probably nothing! Let’s just go. Why are you moving closer to it? Gabriel, come on! It’s noth— Oh  God, Dean!”
with Claire. He laughed each time Sam stood up, secretly directing Claire to where Dean's battleships were behind his back as he pretended to get a drink, or go to the bathroom, or get more cookies.
Castiel waved a hand in Dean’s direction. “It fits your personality. You’re charming and confident. It doesn’t hurt that you look like an underwear model.”
“What was that?” asked Jo.
The body next to him hesitated, but got up eventually. A short time later, before Dean could muster up the energy to take the hood off his head, he heard the sound of the car driving away, leaving him in the middle of nowhere.
“I agree,” Castiel replied as he gently pushed Dean’s chest, causing him to fall back onto the bed. Dean pulled himself back, clearing his legs from the footboard, and sat back up. His eyes widened as he watched Castiel climb up onto the bed and over Dean’s legs, straddling his lap before wrapping his arms around Dean’s shoulders. He smiled down at him wickedly and asked, “So, what's on the agenda for this
He sits, even though his body feels like lead, and he might just hurl up last night’s cheeto-binge.
With that, she opened the door and let them inside. Dean was sitting upright in his bed when they walked in, looking at the cast on his arm like it was the most bizarre thing in the universe. A young man stood next to him, putting up medical bags, and sent Dean a fond smirk every time Dean started poking his cast.
Dean climbed into the driver's side and started the car. Baby's engine rumbled to life, the familiar purr like a balm, instantly soothing Dean's nerves. He wheeled out of the parking lot and onto the highway where he could really open her up. Right around sixty miles per hour, he looked over at Cas. "Talk to me about your shitty day."
Dean stared at her. He had no idea what had just happened. Before coming to Dean’s house, Charlie had been in a great mood, ecstatic for them to spend the afternoon together. But now it seemed like something was wrong.
And like always, a huge round of applause to my two wonderful betas
“You don’t have to--”
“My mom adores you and I might like you just a little bit too,” said Dean before giving Castiel a kiss.
“What year is this?” he asked, trailing his fingers over the dash. “She’s in excellent condition.”
“Well, boys, it’s way past visiting hours. You two should head on home and get some sleep. Dean will be fine while you’re gone. They want to keep him here overnight, just to make sure everything is alright,” said Mary as she sat on the edge of Dean’s bed.
“That’s great. I’m sure she’s thrilled. Anyway, I got rounds to do so I’ll just-”
Jo rolled her eyes at him. “I'd swear your brain was working at half mast today. How did you not realize who he was?”
“I’m sorry,” the man said quickly, his voice deep and sending a shiver up Dean’s spine.
“Oh my-- Cas, just so you know, if you ever break up? We’re keeping Dean solely on his pie making skills. So don’t fuck this up!”
“I don’t know, Sammy… if you’re not going to tell me what you were calling for, I might have to make up for lost time and start to--”
“He has an office on your floor?” Dean asked, meeting Charlie’s eyes. “So you see him often?”
"I might have paid money to see that. Thank you for this. It was exactly what I needed."
“Yeah, she is,” Castiel chuckled, kissing the back of Dean’s neck. “Her, uh, proposal to you wasn’t done in the best way but… if you and, well Sam too, want to come for Christmas? I’ll have plenty of food.”
“Can someone tell me what the hell is going on?” asked Sam, before lowering his voice and asking Charlie, “Why are you so mad at me all of the sudden?” When he didn’t get an answer from her, he turned to Castiel. “Cas?”
“Sam came in today.”
"I’m sorry John, but this is
Dean could feel spit dripping down his chin as Cas moved his face with more urgency; and his dick was basically drooling at the was he was no more than a vessel for Cas' pleasure at the moment. All Dean could to was take what was given to him, and rut his hips hopelessly against the bed, listening to Cas' increasingly loud groans as the both of them raced towards their orgasms.
"That's pretty damn awesome," Dean finished for him, shaking Fergus' hand afterwards. "We really appreciate that, thank you."
“Hunky Texans, it’s the male version of Sexy Asian Beauty,” Benny corrected, his entire body moving with the controller as he went around a turn in the game. “It was either that or Balls of Steel or something.”
invite someone. He never invites anyone to anything! And
After sending a small nod in Benny’s direction, Dean turned his attention towards the girls. “Turns out Castiel isn’t related to Lucifer after all, not by blood at least. Apparently, Cas’s dad married Lucifer’s mom when Cas was little,” he said trying to change the subject.
Dean leaned back against the armchair, smiling as Claire followed after her uncle, good naturedly nitpicking his ornament placement. Dean had been impressed; his boyfriend had gotten the typical baubles of gold, red, and green, but he’d picked up a package of emoji ornaments - which Claire
“What? That’s great! How did you find out before me?” asked Charlie as she turned around.
The only time he had ever truly considered it was when he was twelve. A well known food critic had been interested in writing an article about Mary’s café and the review would’ve done wonders for business. The day Mary received a copy of the article, she was ecstatic. The review was so overwhelmingly positive that there wasn’t a doubt in Mary’s mind that, with a little time, it would put her café on the map. His mom had been over the moon the whole week she waited for the article to be published, running around and ordering more ingredients, already making plans how to expand to make room for more customers. She spent more than she really could afford, but it was fine because it would pay off in the end. She would get more customers and she would finally be able to properly fix the car, without worrying if they had enough left to pay all the bills
Castiel smiled back before he turned back towards Mr. Deveraux to address him, “Mr. Devereaux, I think this is enough about my life. I mean, I’m sure you have something better to teach us then how to spy on teenagers on the internet.”
Suddenly Sam sat straight up again and said, “But you just came back!” loudly enough for the librarian to shush him. With his eyes closed, Sam took a deep breath before saying, “Do you know when you will be back this time?”
The whole Novak-Crowley family, still only dressed in their pajamas, were already gathered in the living room with the exception of Fergus, who still needed his beauty sleep according to his wife, and Gabriel and Kali, who apparently were looking for snacks in the kitchen.
“Castiel!” Balthazar’s demeanour suddenly switched to stern and doctor-like. “In case you had forgotten, you’re sick… do you think anyone here would let you risk your health by discharging yourself?”
glad to be here, glad that Cas had taken his suggestion of making an event of decorating the tree. It was still nearly two weeks until Christmas, and the week the tree had been up in Castiel’s house, bare and making the room smell of pine, Dean itched to put some color on it.
“I wasn’t expecting company,” Castiel said over his shoulder as he unlocked his door and opened it, “so ignore the mess.” He flipped on the lights and stepped out of the way, giving Dean room to pass with the tree. “You can’t miss the living room; its to the left at the end of the foyer.”
“Yeah! Not that that is his real name, but yeah,” confirmed Dean. “Please don’t make a big deal out of this next time you see Cas.”
Cas’ mouth stilled on his cock for a second before he pulled off, making Dean whine at the loss of the heat. He smirked before reaching behind Dean and pulled out a bottle of lube seemingly from nowhere and replied, “I was cooking naked because I wanted to fuck you in the kitchen, did you really think I wouldn’t have brought the lube with me?” The gritty texture of Cas’ voice was made even rougher from the blowjob and it almost made Dean some right then.
Clearing his throat, the policeman stepped forward and said, “I’m Officer Kontos. We just have a couple of questions.” He took up a small notepad and flipped the pages open.
They cleaned up the rest of the kitchen, what little that was left of the pizza was wrapped and stored in the fridge, and Dean went room to room shutting off the lights as Castiel locked the doors. They met back up at the foot of the stairs, the room glowing a bright pink from the Christmas lights. He reached back, twisting his fingers with Castiel’s.
“Yeah, there it is.” Dean sneers a little, still refusing to look in Sam’s eyes. “Tell it like it really is, Sammy.”
! He had to get out of there.
His brother wasn’t wrong; Naomi was a stickler for rules and she hated disobedience in her house, especially if one of her own two sons was somehow concerned. With a heavy heart, Castiel let go of Dean’s hand and followed his brother toward the door, wondering if Lucifer was home yet...
"No problem." Dean shrugged. "Wanna head back to my place and pop in a pizza?"
Dean smiled back at him and shook his head. “Well, lucky for you, Sam and I just did this last week. Lead the way!”
“Who exactly is in this club,” Castiel smiled and then added, “I don’t have to do something weird to get in, do I?”
“Shit. I mean, sorry. I’ll just, um, go. Good luck with,” He gestures vaguely at the scene in front of him then, as Jo glares daggers at him, backs out of the room and closes the door, turning to sag against it and massage his temples. “Shit. Get it together, Winchester.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t quite catch that,” Dean said trying to catch Cas’s eyes after Castiel murmured something while looking at his shoes.
Dean grinned and pulled him back down for a heated kiss, feeling like maybe he’d won too.
Dean leaned up against the nearest wall and typed what he wanted to say on his phone. When he was sure Charlie was watching him, he made a show of hitting a button on his phone. After that, he crossed his arms and raised one eyebrow towards her with a cocky smile on his face. Two seconds later her phone pinged. When Dean looked down again, Ash and Benny had already replied to his message.
and Dean grabbed the plate and empty glass of milk to bring into the kitchen with them.
“Okay, spill, pretty boy!” said Jo as she put her tray down next to him and sat down in front of it.
The same could not be said about Sam’s part of town. The houses were well taken care of, but they were all lacking that personal touch that Charlie loved about her neighborhood. They were from two very, very different worlds and it made Charlie think about how different Dean’s life might have been if things with his parents had been different. Would they still be friends? Would they have even started talking?
“No, I’m sorry... I just have a lot on my mind.”
“No!” came Sam’s slightly panicked voice from the kitchen. “I mean yes, just sit back down. Luc, could you come help me a little bit?”
“Good,” John said, softer then Castiel had ever heard anything coming from John Winchester before. And was that relief Castiel heard? Maybe he was just imagining things or the stress from the days event catching up to him because he didn’t know what to make of any of this.
“She was doing really well, until she wasn’t. I didn’t understand what was going on at the time, but now that I’m older… I’m pretty sure she got septic. They didn’t catch it in time, and well,” he trailed off, glancing sideways at Castiel. “We know how that goes.”
Dean gave him a small smile, an excuse on his lips to leave and let the man rest, when a thought occurred to him.
“He’s not there often, mostly when he needs a break. He was the Department Head before me. His position was offered to me when he moved up, which is why I transferred here from Boston,” Charlie explained. “He keeps his bag there, goes there every morning before his shift starts, and puts his lunch in the mini fridge. I’m not sure the hospital knows he still has the second office, but its like seeing all the kids is what he needs instead of a cup of joe.”
Dean’s eyes widened and he felt his heart rate pick up. He forced himself to swallow, took a breath, and bit the bullet. “I do,” Dean confirmed, turning his head to the side and meeting Castiel’s gaze head on.
It turned out to be easier said than done to find the right box. The basement was full of boxes, with incredibly different detailed descriptions; from Anna’s neat writing listing everything in the box, to Cas’ eloquent summaries of what could be found in them, to Gabriel’s messy ‘stuff’.
“You don’t mean that,” whispered Benny, and he was right. Dean didn’t want Charlie anywhere near Sam. “What happened at that party anyway?”
“Dean?” Charlie whispered, making him grunt in response that he was listening. “For what it’s worth… I think you’ve got it wrong. Sam and Castiel… they’re just… I don’t see them being in a relationship, romantically. Plus, Jo said Sam calls his boyfriend ‘Lucifer’...”
There was a soft knock on their bedroom door, to which Castiel called out permission to enter, and Sam walked through the door, leaning back against it with what Dean assumed was a similar expression to what he wore. Sam's hair was sticking up in all directions, a small spot of drool was dried at the corner of his mouth, and Dean absent mindedly rubbed at his own face - just inc case.
he had his essay stolen, but it never lasted all that long before it erupted back into chaos. Of course, Dean claimed it wasn’t his fault. ‘It just happens! Like magic!’
“And I was so looking forward to tasting the perfect Winchester pie I’ve heard so much about,” said Luc, with an all too knowing smile that he shared with Castiel.
Sam trailed off and Dean knew what his brother was thinking, knew why he was seeking Dean’s approval. Because moving in Luc meant moving on from Eileen, it meant taking up the emptiness that was still surrounding Sam, in one way or another, and filling up the space that used to be their home.
Dean clicked his tongue, looking around them until he spotted Castiel standing and surveying the next aisle from where they’d been, his brow furrowed in concentration. “You think so?”
. He removed his hands from Dean’s chest and white knuckled the headboard, using it for leverage to bounce up-and-down on Dean's cock in reckless abandon.
“I will.” His mom had a right to be worried, he didn’t have the best track record of letting her know when he was hurting; he hated worrying her and would rather downplay it for as long as he could. Plus, he didn’t like going to the doctors. “I will. I promise,” he added after seeing the unconvinced look on his mom’s face.
“Hello, Dean.” Cas replied with a grin. Dean grabbed Cas’ chin between his pointer finger and thumb and pressed a soft kiss to his nose before tilting his face up to kiss his plump bottom lip. The kiss remained chaste even as both the men wrapped their arms around each other tighter.
Charlie hit Dean hard in the shoulder before she said, “Never mind that. Why didn’t you tell me you had a boyfriend?”
“Wait? You don’t know? But I thought they called you.”
Not five minutes after her friends left, Charlie’s felt her phone vibrate in her pocket. When she looked at it, she found one new message from “Moose”. She wasn’t sure why she had picked that name for Sam, she just didn’t want Dean to accidentally see that she was talking to his brother and the name just seemed to fit Sam for some reason.
“So you were just… Fine, we will just come back later. Come on Jo,” said Charlie and turned around to close the door again.
Dean swallowed hard and nodded, reaching down to place his hand over Cas’ and gave it a squeeze back. He pulled out of the parking lot, excitement swirling in his stomach as he led them onto the highway and back to Lawrence.
he was going to simply cease to exist. God, he loved this man more than anything.
“Is it that obvious that I’m stalling running into my mom?” Jo didn’t even answer that, all she did was raise one eyebrow. “She will take one look at me and know that something is wrong. Then when she founds out that I’m stuck with John as a teacher, she going to get really sad. I can’t stand it when my mom’s sad, Jo.”
Castiel laughed at that and nodded, reaching down to press his fingers beneath Dean’s chin and lift his head up. “You’re welcome to stay as long as you want,” he said and kissed Dean softly.
“No one to thank but me.” Dean’s levels of sass seemed to be rising by the second. Castiel found this quite amusing, especially considering how flustered the man had been yesterday.
“He’s totally gonna do that, isn’t he?” Dean said as he handed her phone back before he started helping Charlie putting everything where it belonged.
“Jo twelve, Benny forty-five,” Dean said his count out loud when they had one fourth of a lap left.
Dean brushes a kiss to Cas' temple. "Best. Christmas. Ever."
“Huhh, I didn’t think about that,” said Dean before rolling that thought in his head. After thinking it through for a little while, Dean turned to his friends and said, “I can’t be friends with you guys anymore. You always eat my pie," before finally starting on his slice.
Dean throws his free hand up in the air, exasperated, but he does stop. Sam knows him too well. He pulls a deep breath in and lets it out slowly. "How late?"
“Ai!” Dean’s eyes shut opened as he jumped. “Did you just bite me?” It wasn’t hard by any means but it had taken him by surprise.
“Well, you called first, right?” Castiel asked and then have a half shrug at Sam’s expression. “Okay, point taken. But if it’s been… months?”
“Well, you should have knocked, bitch.”
. That is not a relaxing day, Cas. I don’t care what you say, just because you’re still in pajamas? Laundry is more work than work.”
it was Sam Winchester-- and never talk to him again. Which was probably exactly  what Sam wanted to happen. Sam would never want to be caught alive hanging out with the ‘geek squad’. Well, two could play that game.
dad doesn't want filth on the furniture.”
Dean swore as he ducked around the nurse’s station, thanking his lucky stars that Jo was occupied with the Charge Nurse and missed him slipping by. He was sure his facial expression was hiding none of what he was feeling right now.
Castiel let his eyes fall closed and leaned his head back, opening them once the blanket by his feet was lifted and his sister-in-law curled up against his side. Amelia was quiet for a moment, resting her head on his shoulder and looking down at Claire and Dean.
Cas set a heavy mug in front of Dean, steaming hot and black, just the way Dean liked it. He sat down directly across from Dean, coffee mug warming his hands.
member of the community – whatever that meant. He’d pitched the idea before Dean’s morning coffee, which was originally why Dean had agreed. It had been entirely unfair to ask him anything pre-caffeination, but Sam used that to his advantage and had booked it out of the office before Dean even realized what he’d said yes to.
What was worse than that was seeing his mom watch the man she loved, because she
“Zero. You really think I’m gonna let my guard down in enemy's territory?” answered Dean like it was the most obvious thing in the world. “We always feared this would happen. I think we might have lost Charlie to the dark side for good.”
“No. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not thrilled to have him here, and you should have talked to me before you decided to invite people to
“No,” Sam shook his head, “they said they were getting together with some of the guys from the football team. Apparently they had plans and were gonna catch up with me later. I honestly didn’t really care what they were doing.”
“And you’re the one fucking mine. However, I’m not the one doing the fucking most of the time,” said Dean with a smirk before putting out his arm. “Dean. I have heard a lot about you.”
“Apparently my family isn’t as cool as yours,” Dean answered with a shrug, picking up his mug of cocoa and taking a sip as he smirked over the top at Claire. “And I’ve been invited to Christmas.”
Dean was saved from having to answer thanks to a patient’s call light. As Jo walked away from the desk, she called back to him, “And mom says to come home for dinner once in awhile, for Christ's sake.”
Dean’s eyebrow shot up and he couldn’t help but think of how Charlie was going to freak out when she found out that Cas was
“We all do,” Castiel replied. “I miss your dad every single day. Don’t put pressure on your mom to date, Claire. That’s not fair to her, or to you. Do you want her to date someone?”
“I had nothing to do with what happened, I swear!” yelled Sam, getting off his bed to get closer to her. She immediately threw up a hand and he stopped, his shoulders slumping in defeat. “I’m not going to lie, I don’t like Dean, but I never wanted him to get injured. And ever since you and Dean got into that fight after the party? I’ve been trying to- to be nicer, for
Only if you do it with a flash mob.
At that moment, Dean’s stomach decided to do all the talking for him and answered Castiel loud and clear. With a sheepish smile, Dean took the key out of the ignition before turning back towards Castiel. “I just need to sneak these back inside. Meet you at your car?”
“I hope you don’t mind,” Dean said as he dropped his phone to the side and leaning over to place his head against Castiel’s shoulder, “I made plans with our brothers.”
He does as he's told, stopping in front of Gabe, Amelia, and Claire, holding signs with
," Coach Turner argued back to whatever John had said to him while Sam had been busy staring at Dean. If he had said it any louder, it would have been heard on the other side of the school... Dean stopped with Benny when they neared the bleachers and turned back around to look at the coach. "Now for my second announcement. I'm going away for two months and the school board has asked John to take over my classes. Everyone say hello to Coach Winchester!"
Dean leaned forward, kissing Castiel’s throat, his chest, as his fingers circled Castiel’s pucker. He reveled in every gasp and moan Castiel let out, the way his hips rolled, torn between pressing against Dean’s chest and rocking back onto his fingers.
“I can talk to Sam tomorrow at work,” Dean replied. “Sometimes we go see Ellen, but I think she’s visiting Jo this year. She got an apartment near her college, so they’re going to do a mother daughter bonding thing.”
No. Dean wondered if the meds he was on were making him paranoid. Sam hated him but he wouldn’t-- Would he?
I’m not sure how much I’m keeping in line with whatever everyone else wrote, much less than my chapter syncing properly as I’m working with writers more experienced writing SPN fics. This is my first SPN fic, so please be gentle.
No one was around them for miles, the woods quiet except for the birds singing and squirrels running back and forth from tree to tree. Cas took a deep breath, the scent of fallen leaves and wet earth a strange comfort. He loved being out in nature, it was something he neglected to do far too often.
“Touch me,” Castiel pleaded as he looked down at Dean with lust blown eyes.
From across the room Dean could hear Charlie gasp when she read that. All of them knew Charlie hated those movies. To her it was the biggest disrespect to vampires she had ever seen. Most of the time she if she wanted to know if something was good or bad she would ask, on the scale 10-to-Twilight how bad was it. Dean knew she would never let that go unanswered, and she didn’t disappoint.
“You’re being an asshole, you know that?” Sam yelled as he stalked towards Dean, who was sitting at their usual table. Beside him was his boyfriend and the rest of the gang, minus Charlie, scattered around them.
This staring went on for much longer than would be considered normal - Castiel knew that much - and he could practically feel the atmosphere around them crackling with… something. He swallowed thickly, noting that his breathing had become shallow.
Dean's eyebrows rose in surprise, not quite expecting much of a response. He wondered if Jo would know how many people the Medical Director allowed to call him by his first name… He cleared his throat, yet again. “Uh, allergies,” he said at Castiel’s pointed look. He gave a small smile and then started, “Alright, Cas-teel.” Dean winced as he slaughtered the pronunciation of the other man's name, and pushed full steam ahead for a quick recovery, “...
When Dean finally made it home that night, it had just passed eleven, and Dean was exhausted.
“I have most of the next two weeks off,” Castiel started, “so I really don’t have an excuse… I should get to decorating and planning for my family.”
The confused look that had been on Castiel's face melted when he saw Dean. "Hi, Dean!" he said with a smile on his face. Dean almost missed it, too, since he was too busy trying to figure out what his brother was doing there.
His breathing got shallower as Cas reached behind his balls to rub a dry finger at his hole- pressing against it but not pushing in. One of his hands came to rest on Cas’ head, holding him in place and the other scrambled for purchase on the smooth surface of the counter.
“Where are we going?” Cas asked as they left the house, Dean locking the door behind them and then reaching for Cas’ hand. Even though it was a short walk to the car, the heat and pressure from Cas’ hand in his own made him smile and his heart race.
“Is too!”
. Dean really didn’t want to spend his day off doing work stuff; he had better things to do, like sitting in front of his TV all day playing Star Fox. After flipping Charlie off, he made his way up to the ward, and room two-oh-five.
It wasn’t long after the car stopped that hands grabbed him and dragged him out of the car. Before Dean even got his footing, someone kicked him in the back of the knee, bringing Dean down. Dean didn’t know if it was better that the wet mud greeted him instead of a hard ground. All he knew was that he was wearing the new jeans his mom had just bought him to try to cheer him up were most likely ruined. It didn’t help that he knew she’d spent way more than they could afford on them.
Dean nodded, recognizing the woman ushering her three small children towards the drink table, their excitement that their Dad would be home for Christmas this year bleeding over to everyone they passed. He’d been deployed for more Christmases than their kids could remember.
aren’t right. He tugs the light string down a little, but that skews the
“A family emergency came up and my mom has to go stay with my grandparents for a couple of weeks. I had to help her get ready.” Sam licked his lower lip, staring up at the principal. Dad always said that in order to have a lie be believable, it had to have some truth behind it. His mom
The next few pages were just old articles or photos; an article about John, an ex-marine, opening his own car dealership and photos of Sam's birthday parties. Dean really liked the photos from Sam's fourth birthday, the one with the circus theme. Sammy looked terrified of the clowns.
like Dean, and
Dean looked in alarm across the room at Castiel, not sure what the fuck just happened or what he was supposed to do about it. Castiel had a pained look on his face and he shook his head slowly before sinking down on the couch and looking at his niece.
Charlie wrote down a time and place on a piece of paper before handing it to Castiel. “You can bring him if you like. The more the merrier, right?” whispered Charlie.
Dean had been able to keep that little fact about himself a secret from Sam ever since he came out to his friends, but no, one evening with Sam and now the entire school knew. Of course, Sam had had no trouble convincing Castiel that he had nothing to do with the rumors and that he was just hearing them for the first time, too.
The walk was invigorating. They passed kids shouting and laughing, building snowmen and snow forts.  An old guy wearing a bright red scarf with a snowblower waved as they passed, spraying a fountain of white over his lawn as he dug out his car. When they finally got back, Castiel’s neighbor was just finishing up shoveling the sidewalk in front of his yard, grumbling about snow days as he went inside. It gave Dean an idea.
surprise Dean, however, was what list Sam had been looking at earlier.
“Dean.”
“Gross,” Sam said, with no real heat. When Dean looked back, his brother was still smiling. “I’m really happy for you guys. Cas is a pretty awesome guy. We’ve been friends with a little while, I knew Cas before Luc and I started dating, actually. I never would’ve thought about trying to set you two up but… now that I think about it, it makes sense.”
“Nothing,” Dean answered quickly, smiling wider. By the expression on Charlie’s face, it only made him look constipated.
Hopefully the slight liberties I took with regards to the temperature within the house isn't too much of a stretch for you to imagine.
He steps back out into the crisp evening air and gets a few feet down the parking lot to the trees when he spots Sam at the entrance. Cas squints at the man as he gets closer—is he holding a sign?
Dean let out a loud laugh and reached down, threading their fingers together and holding Cas’ hand in place, high on his thigh. He was grateful when Castiel just squeezed back and looked out the window with a smile on his face, because Dean wasn’t sure he trusted his resolve that much. He glanced over, looking at Castiel’s face illuminated by the other car’s headlights. Yeah, he wanted to do so much more to the man beside him than what the backseat would offer.
“Mom, for the last time! Go to work. I’ll be fine, I promise,” said Dean as he attempted to eat the food in front of him. It was one of the few times his mom brought him breakfast in bed, even though it was nearing 2 o’clock. He’d just hung up the phone after talking to Cas and his friends when the smell from the kitchen hit him, making his mouth water. Mary had made him one of his favorite foods, chocolate chip pancakes, heavy on the syrup. It was almost good enough to make him forget about what Castiel had just told him. How the entire football team had been called into the principal office, his brother included. Cas hadn’t been able to get into much detail before having to go to class, but he promised to tell Dean all about it when he saw him later after school.
He quickly closed everything in his phone and put it down, before he did something he might regret later. After all, his mom always told him not to make hard decisions when he was either angry or sad.
“Because it was fun watching you try to find something to say about her. Plus, it was nice to hear someone other than me talk about her that way. I talk so much about her that the gang made a rule that I could only talk about her for a straight hour every day, or I would have to paint the girl’s nails or something like that. They stopped trying to time me after a month.”
“It was so worth it!” said Luc as he and Sam came into the room.
From the look on Balthazar and Meg’s faces, they didn’t regret it one bit.
It was well after midnight when Dean pulled the Impala into the driveway in front of his house. Since Castiel had left his car at Dean’s place, he went with Dean to pick it up instead of Dean leaving him at his house. The two of them sat there for awhile, talking, neither of them wanting the date to end. Castiel’s hand felt perfect resting in his own.
“How did you know where I was?” asked Dean.
could hate you.”
Sam didn't like that. John really,
at this.
“Well, minus the hard time you gave me when you were under my care,” Dean teased with a chuckle of his own, laughing softly when Cas shot him a playful glare.
“Yepp! Hey! I forgot to ask you last night, why did you think I gave Cas your number?”
was a pleasant turn of events.
I try to help and this is thanks I get. Someone trying to kill me. Think she will forgive me if I say I’m sorry?
With the basket packed, he went to the downstairs linen closet and pulled out an oversized beach blanket, figuring it would work well enough. He packed both in the backseat of the Impala, then sank down onto the couch, kicking his feet up on the coffee table to wait.
“What the hell happened?” He grabs her chart and flips through it - liquid acetaminophen in an IV escalated to morphine if required, X-rays ordered, good. That’s good. Everything he would have done. He sees the scrawl at the bottom of the form - Doctor Masters - and relaxes somewhat. She’s a good doctor, thorough and precise, and he trusts her judgement.
Despite thinking that that sounded quite unpleasant, Dean wasn’t about to deny Castiel something he loved. He thanked Charlie for her help, and bought two coffees, along with a bar of chocolate for him to eat on the way to the ward.
“Shut up,” Dean interrupted. “What kind of doctor would I be if I left you to fend for yourself?”
“The one and only,” Sam muttered, giving a small smile. “Don’t really know what I was expecting.”
“Marry me.”
Benny patted Dean on the back and both boys took a deep breath before walking through the doors into the gym. Thankfully, it was still empty, so they went and found a seat on the benches while they waited for class to begin. Jo joined them five minutes later and then the rest of the class came in one by one. The last ones to show up were Alistair and Lucifer, who made a beeline towards Dean the moment they located him. He didn’t know if he was relieved or not when they stopped halfway because John had just showed up.
“Are you sure you’re not gay, Benny? I mean you seem to have put a lot of thought into the boys of this town,” asked Ash before getting a pillow in the face from his friend. “Pillow fight? Really? That’s your defense?”
“Hey, you have a car waiting for you in the garage. Get started if you want to be able to go home on time,” Bobby called back from his office.
A part of him wanted to call Sam and get him to talk his dad out of coming to the hospital, but there was something nagging at him, something that made him wonder if Sam had something to do with Dean’s attack. He hated himself for thinking his best friend was capable of something like this, but it was no secret that Sam hated his brother.
you.”
It sounded even more stupid in the light of day than it had in his dream.
“No more than the fact that Jo has books about it. My family is pretty religious, so we have more than enough books about demons and angels. I spent a lot of time looking through them as a child,” explained Castiel.
This was far from it being the first time that Sam’s name had put a stop to his mom’s words of wisdom. His mom hated talking about the Winchester’s as much as Dean, if not more.
“Dean, just tell me what happened,” Mary demanded gently with a concerned look on her face as she dragged him towards the couch and sat him down. Dean didn’t have the energy to fight her. Besides, his mom had always known how to get him to talk. Deep down, Dean knew that telling her would most likely make him feel better, but it didn’t make it any less hard to start.
“Do you have a black ski mask?” Charlie asked suddenly, making Dean turn his head to look at her.
Dean didn't hear what John was saying on the phone, but he did notice that Sam was looking at his shoes the entire time John was talking.
I’m sorry!!!!! Charlie hates the Twilight movies!
“What. Did. You. Do. To. My. Pie?”
“Uh, it’s five minutes to five,” Dean answered after looking at the clock on the wall.
“Yeah. He owns this place.”  Sam flaps his hand around to indicate everything.
“How about we go outside? I think a walk in this beautiful snowy day will help you cheer up, babe. Get fresh air. Exercise.”
Dean did a double take when he walked into his room. He was fairly certain that the room had not been this clean when he left home. Or in years, in general. And for the hundredth time in his life, Dean wondered how he had ended up with the best Mom in the world. Maybe it was to make up for having the worst Dad...
“Really now,” Castiel smirked over his shoulder, giving his ass a little wiggle before he sat back on his knees. Dean held out his hand to haul him up. Castiel groaned when his knees popped and he rubbed them as he looked up at Dean, “I’m getting too old to be on my knees on the hardwood floor.”
“Guys, give him a break. It was a hard, confusing time for him,” said Jo.
“But we have lot of plans for him!” answered Alistair angry, almost like Sam was taking his favorite toy away.
(See the end of the chapter for
He’d been hoping that had been a dream, or a nightmare’s more like it. “No, I might have let it slip that I have a boyfriend... but I didn’t tell him that it was you.”
Normally Dean wouldn’t be sure he could keep that promise. There was just something about Castiel that had Dean agreeing to it, and meaning it.
“Oh, come off it, brother! I know he’s your best friend but everybody knows he
Dean looked up as the front door opened, Castiel calling out his goodbyes to his brother before walking into the house completely. He shut the door, but Dean stopped him just as he was about to kick off his shoes.
“What on Earth? Of course I want him to be happy!”
“Yeah, she can be a real pain if she doesn’t get her own way.”
condoms. I mean... talk about a mood killer. And I,” Castiel rocked in Dean’s lap, the feel of flesh on flesh making them both gasp, “
over att Tumblr) for spending their time on going over the chapter for me. They both bring different things to the story, which makes it so much better!
“Shouldn’t we call someone and tell them to meet us at the hospital?” asked Gabriel from the driver's seat, putting the car into drive and backing out, back to the road.
Deciding to start at the beginning Dean went back to the pages with the baby photo of his mom and him.
The word ‘Director’ is underlined twice. Taking his breakfast sandwich and coffee, he looks around, finding the stairs. The stairwell is in the back and around the door are painted flames. Above it is a sign that says “HELL”. Where this room is brightly and cheerfully lit, the stairs are   darker with moody red lighting. He takes a beat to calculate how fast he’d have to move to get to the Seminar on time. Too fast, way too fast
“Hey, sleeping beauty! Sit down and eat! Did you sleep well?” asked Mary as she poured orange juice into a glass for Dean and put it next to his plate.
So, Dean started making his rounds, checking on his other three patients, and taking more time with them than really necessary. He
Happy reading!
“You like him don’t you?” came Sam’s voice from behind him when he had his head in the cabinet next to the sink. Which of course, ended up with him hitting his head on the top of the cabinet.
“Are the two of you five?” called Mary with a smile on her face. Charlie and Dean sent Mary their most innocent smile as they went to work.
Next chapter will be by whiskeyangel88, on 7th December.
didn't like that.
“At least we know whose backyard we should dig up if you don’t show up tomorrow. See you, brotha!” Benny called to him as he and Jo made their way out. Jo sent a small nod in Dean’s direction before looking away.
“No, I swear, I had no idea. Which is weird since Sam and I have been best friends since we were little, we practically grew up toge--, I’m sorry. You probably don’t want to hear that.” Apparently Dean wasn't as good at hiding his feelings as he had hoped. “Look I’m sure he would have told me about you, now that I live here. We just didn’t have a lot of time alone together and that small time we had, he used to tell me all about this literature class that the kid--” Dean saw the wheels in Cas’s head turn and Dean knew he had figured it out, when he found himself in the center of Castiel’s attention. It felt like Castiel could see right through him. But the weird thing was, he didn’t seem angry just curious. “--that you signed him up for.”
Dean swallowed his bite just in time to call “Love you too, Mom. Bye!” before the door closed behind her. He finished his breakfast in total silence except the occasional scraping of the cutlery before putting everything away and going back upstairs to get ready.
“Yeah, but according to Benny, it didn’t take John long to get Sam and his friends to tell him who it was,” explained Castiel. “Look on the bright side, thanks to you, John let everyone go right after he came back! The class didn’t need to sit through
“I said you could go home if you were good. But that's not happening… yet. You're gonna have to put up with me a while longer.” There was a definite smirk on Dean's face, which somehow made him even more attractive.
“This is a Douglas Fir,” Dean answered, spinning it gently as Castiel surveyed the bottom. “They both are, actually. This one is a little taller, but the one over there has a wider base. I wasn’t sure about the space you’re setting it up in.”
“Get him up!” ordered Alistair and Dean felt a hand grip his bound hands to lift him up. Only, it didn’t go as planned. Or maybe it did... All Dean knew was that his arm was not supposed to bend like that.
Dean took a look behind him. “Cas, that was the only way here. How could you end up lost here if you were on the main road?”
Ash clears his throat. "I mean, Dean said to send you on out."
Still leaning up on his elbows, Dean looked down to see Cas mesmerized by the sight of himself fucking into Dean’s hole. He couldn’t blame Cas though, Dean would be mesmerized by that too if he could see it right now.
There was something his mom wasn’t telling him. Normally she would be all over the place, making sure he was comfortable and had everything he needed. But now she was just sitting there, stroking the same spot over and over again, not looking him in the eyes. It put him on edge.
"God, this is seriously the best French toast I've ever had," Sam said around a mouthful, earning himself a beaming smile from Gabriel.
“That’s because it’s always your fault!” retorted Castiel.
“Please talk to me,” Cas nearly pleaded.
Huges thanks to both of my wonderful betas,
"Okay, don't freak out—"
“So it is,” Castiel hummed as he closed his eyes, feeling the cold flakes shower his face. He gasped in shock as he felt a warm hand grip his cheek and guide his face forward. Castiel opened his eyes and was met with a radiant smile. “Hello, Dean.”
“Hey, Winchester! I need to talk to you," someone called from the parking lot. Dean didn't know why he bothered to look up; everyone he talks to at school was sitting next to him. Therefore, he wasn't surprised when he saw Sam Winchester walk past him, talking intently with Alastair, a few minutes later.
“I would love to be ‘exclusive and shit’ with you, Dean.” Cas replied as he cupped Dean’s face and leaned in for a soft kiss. Dean grinned in response and hugged Cas tight. Cuddling into his
, Winchester,” Charlie said and released on of his hands to punch him in the shoulder.
“Besides, we all know that nothing is going to stand in your way of getting that pie,” said Castiel before giving Dean another kiss.
And like always, I couldn't have done this without my two wonderful betas
When Mary turned around to put their order together, Castiel put his arms around Dean and whispered in his ear so Mary wouldn’t hear, “I don’t even like pie, remember?”
“Shit! I forgot Dean, I have to go!” As she said that she quickly put her book back in her bag and picked up all of Dean’s stuff. She added, “I can meet you here in the lunch break tomorrow if you need any more help before class next week.”
"Hey, Cas." Sam is indeed holding a sign. It's black, with a purple
“Maybe you should hear her out,” Benny said with a shrug. “She sounded devastated last night when she called to check if you were with me.”
“Well, first things first… once we pick out the perfect tree, you’re going to want to let it drink for at least twenty-four hours. The branches will come down and fan out a bit, and the tree will thank you. Don’t listen to that fad about adding sugar to the water or any of that, just plain ol’ tap water and the tree will be happy as a pig in sh—” he cut himself off, coughing a little, but if Castiel’s smirk was anything to go by, he knew exactly what Dean was about to say.
Dean’s pants had just barely hit the floor before Cas was moving after him and stripping out of his own clothes. At the very least, if they ended up taking too long in the shower, at least the pie would be cool enough to transport.
“You’re welcome,” said Mary before taking a deep breath. “Dean, I’ve been wondering, has someone been harassing you at school? I know you and Sam haven’t been getting along, but is there anything else going on that you’re not telling me?”
Chuck grabbed Dean by his shirt, looking up at him pleadingly. “My... wife,” he grunted. “Find… my wife.”
“Yeah, and the room I was in happened to be Sam’s new boyfriend.”
Still, he hadn’t been able to eat lunch and had drank more coffee than should’ve been humanly possible, and he spent twenty minutes perfectly lining up cheese slices to look like six pointed stars.
“You get one day off from school, of course that’s not what they called it, but who cares,” said Mary, “But don’t think for a second you are of the hook. If Bobby hadn’t called me, I would be out of my mind with worry!”
After taking her phone away from her and turning it off, Mr. Devereaux turned to the rest of the class. “How many times do I have to say this! The government can track your every move if you have your phone on all the time. Now, since you obviously didn’t learn anything last time, lets go over this again. Since everyone in here is stupid enough to be on social media, log into at least one of them and-- ”
“So what? You stole her?” jested Mary as Dean came downstairs.
Dean nodded and cleared his throat, kicking his boot against the pavement again. “Well,” he said slowly, wondering why the hell he felt so nervous, “we close the shop down around six, though we stay until seven to clean up, finish up paperwork, and restock the trees…” Dean trailed off, reaching up to scratch the back of his neck. “If you wanted, you could come back, and we could look for a tree then. You could bring your car, or I could put the tree on mine. We could get a bite to eat… if you wanted.”
don’t wanna stop. So….” Castiel trailed off as he bit his bottom lip and met Dean’s eyes.
“Dean, damn it, you need to talk to him.”
“Hey, Cas.”
Sam somehow convinced both Luc and Dean to give up their fight over the pie plate and served them all healthy, smashed, but delicious slices, while Castiel went to the kitchen to get whipped cream.
“So what now?” asked a voice Dean couldn’t place and he tried to rack his brain, thinking about who those two assholes hung out with other than Sam.
First of all, I'd really like to apologize for the late chapter. I was supposed to get this done by 13th, but real life has been a bitch lately and I just couldn't.
Their lips crashed together, Castiel moaning into Dean’s mouth as he tasted the other man on his tongue. They kissed until their lips were numb, until their hands hands thoroughly mapped out the others body, until the early morning hours.
“My head and arm hurt a little,” Dean answered honestly, squirming a little bit against the mattress to take stock of how he felt. “But its nothing some painkillers won’t take care of,” said Dean eyeing the medicine bottle.
Thanks to everyone that has stuck around and left kudos or comments, it's always fun to see what you guys think.
, he thought as he fell asleep.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Then you must have been something special because she usually doesn't remember what people order the moment they are out the door unless they are regulars. Most of the time she doesn't even remember what I had. She just knows that I most often have the pie if I can.”
“I was at home. I got home around five and started on the essay Mrs. Hanscum gave us yesterday.” At the mention of Mrs. Hanscum Officer Kontos rubbed his ring finger and Sam saw the faint lines after a ring there. He couldn’t help but remember the rumors that went around school about Mrs. Hanscum’s divorce last year.
Cas pulled his hand out and placed two of his come covered fingers to Dean's lips. Taking the hint, Dean wrapped his mouth around the fingers, and licked Cas' fingers clean of his come. He saw his boyfriend's eyes flutter close as Cas said, "Fuck, Dean. You're so hot. You're going to be the death of me someday, if you keep this up."
It didn’t seem to matter to John that it had been obvious the body slam  wasn't accidental or the fact that Lucifer was on the same team as Dean: it was Dean’s fault. He ‘shouldn’t lose the ball just because someone lightly bumped into him’.
, in an Old English font, if he isn't mistaken. He's also holding a stunning, vibrant red and orange flower, which he hands to Cas. "It's a—"
Once the adults were finished eating, Dean stayed with Castiel and Anna to clean up the table and load the dishwasher. Lucas made a fresh pot of coffee and carried it into the living room to refill everyone's cups and Dean laughed as he heard his brother trying to discourage Gabriel from urging the kids to start picking out the biggest presents.
Dean made a face. That was the second time Castiel mentioned Dean having a significant other. “Uh, well… No girlfriend to speak of.” He paused and added, “No boyfriend either.”
“Definitely, but before we get ahead of ourselves, we should get you to bed before you fall asleep on you feet. Go ahead, I’ll be right there in a second,” Cas said before making his way towards the kitchen to put away the leftovers they’d taken with them.
“God that took forever,” Castiel rumbled as he nipped at Dean’s jaw. “You have no idea how hard it was for me to keep my hand limited to your thigh. The things I wanna do…” Castiel trailed off with a groan. “We better get inside before I drag you to the backseat.”
He was five steps away from the table when Castiel said, “You sure? That’s too bad… Oh well, more pie for us then.” Dean turned to see him digging through his backpack.
,” Cas had said, twisting their fingers together as he pulled them towards the couch, “
Sam’s voice had risen through his rant, and Dean fought the urge to comfort him. Dean wants to do what Sam’s asking; he aches for his family and the separation from Sam is like a wound that never heals. But… “I’m not worth-”
“In all the time I’ve known you, brother, I have never seen you run away from anything,” said Benny as he walked behind them. “Don’t start now.”
Dean gave a short laugh, focusing back on his coffee. “That’s debatable.”
AN: Some of you may have figure it out that I got this story idea from One Tree Hill. I make no promises of when I will update this, put hopefully soon.
“Yes, sir.” No matter what his dad kept telling him, Sam had long ago figured out it was a lot easier to just work with the police than fight them on every little thing.
“I guess that is because as far as John and Sam are concerned, I don’t exist,” Dean explained hotly before storming out of the room. “I think it’s best if you just go back to your
“Way too long! Destiel was a no brainer. Coming up with words that fit was the hard part.”
And that wasn’t an understatement. The only reason he still hung out with them was because his dad wanted him to. He’d never been able to stand up to his father, what John wanted, Sam did. Plus, Lucifer had managed to dig his claws in early on and now knew things that he could use to make Sam’s life a living Hell.
Jo was the first to break the silence. “You
“Not in this class. Trust me,” said Dean. Then, as if to prove Dean’s point, Mr. Devereaux started lecturing one of the girls in the front about how the ‘government was tracking her through social media’.
Since nobody else was in a hurry to answer Dean, Benny took it upon himself to shrug and say, "The girls invited the new boys."
“Are you asking me or telling me?” Crowley drawled slowly. “Mr. Winchester, this is serious. Let’s skip all the bullshit and just be honest with us.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about, Dean,” Cas said as he inhaled deeply, closing his eyes at the slightly spicy aroma of peaches and cinnamon. “This smells and looks divine. I would be happy to skip dinner completely and just eat this.”
The shower was spent softly making out and washing each other carefully. After the shower, Dean was feeling light and playful. He took a single towel and wrapped it around both their waists, holding Cas close and breathing his scent mingled with Dean’s body wash.
Castiel’s response -- or lack thereof -- did nothing to calm Dean’s racing heart.
. They did everything together when Benny was little, but then all of the sudden his dad just moved away. Last and the least, we have Ash. I’m not sure why he’s in this group, it might be just because we are always together. As far as I know his parents and him get along great. But then again, as far as I know, Ash could be from another planet. You will have to come up with a better story though if you want to take over from me as the one with most the daddy issues.”
For those of you who follow my other story Dean's angel: I just started writting this because I don't know to get my next chapter of Dean's Angel together. I have already written one chapter that I will hopefully post soon but the one after that is being a pain.
“You know, you could just apologize to Donna for agreeing with Doug when he called her fat.”
okay! These procedures are in place for a reason and people shouldn't deviate!"
After taking his painkillers and then putting them on his desk, Dean got comfortable on his bed. Or as comfortable as he could in his state. He laid the journal on his lap and pulled the sticky note off. The first thing he saw were the initials
Dean simply nodded, giving what he hoped was a natural looking shrug. What he
“I was at home?” Sam answered hesitantly as he wiped his forehead. He hadn’t been doing anything illegal, in fact he’d blown off his friends to work on one of his essays and yet he couldn’t help but be nervous.
“So,” Castiel began as he pushed up onto his knees and removed his boxer briefs, adding them to the pile of growing clothes on the floor. He grasped his hard cock and began to lazily stroke it as he looked down at Dean beneath him, meeting his hungry gaze and quirked his brow. “You gonna prep and fuck me or just watch?”
Here goes nothing.
until Sam said, “You can stop pretending now.”
“Without any reason? That’s bulls--”
Charlie was at a loss for words. It was so… so neat and organized! The total opposite of Dean’s -- they got opposite ends of the gene pool there. Charlie had lost count of how often she had watched Dean turn his bag upside down to spill everything all over his desk just because he couldn’t find a piece of paper in between all the others. A few times, she had taken his bag and organized everything into his folder, including this afternoon to make
Dean didn’t know whether he wanted to kiss Castiel or kill him. On one hand, he’d told Bobby about their date which Dean had been trying to keep low-key for the moment, but on the other… Castiel scored permission for Dean to take his baby out for a ride.
Castiel blinked as he turned and met Dean’s eyes, confusion flittering across his face for a moment. “No, no kids and definitely no wife.”
Dean turned towards Castiel, giving him an apologetic smile. “Uh, well, just keep looking and I’ll come find you, okay?”
Yes. See you then.
“Bobby loaned her to me for the night,” said Dean before giving his mom a kiss on the cheek. “Thanks for cleaning up my room. I will make it up to you later, I promise.”
Dean reached the door just as it opened, and Sam’s face appeared. “Sam, what are you doing-”
Not two minutes later, Dean’s phone pinged again. He quickly checked if his mom was looking and stole a peek at his phone.
“You managed to reach Mary?” Castiel could finally breathe a little easier. “That’s good, we have been trying to get a hold of her every few minutes.”
I usually write in the present tense, let me know if I've made a mistake. -Grumpyphoenix
“Cas.” His tone was harsh. “I opened this, and it...can we talk about it?”
“Because you have the tendency to skip the most interesting parts. Now, shush!” ordered Charlie.
“Okay, great!” said Bobby as he picked up a dirty rag and tried to clean his hands. “Why don’t you go and clean up a little before you leave?”
“Sorry dude, you’re going. Now if we hurry, we can be ready before the others show up. See you in a few Jo!” With that, Benny took hold of Dean’s shoulder and steered him towards the boy’s changing room while Jo went to the girl’s.
Well, she wasn't his really. There was no way he had enough money to buy her. Knowing Bobby like he did, he knew Bobby would love to just give him the car. But Bobby's garage wasn't doing so well right now; Dean wouldn't want to take a car that Bobby could sell, for free. For now, Dean would just work on getting his baby back in to tip top condition and save enough money to buy her later.
Dean stares at the bag like it’s about to bite him. Drop it by? At Castiel’s
Castiel cleared his throat and looked down at the wrapper. “When, ah, is the last time you used these?”
True to his words, Castiel came straight after school and stayed until dark, when his step mom called him and told him to get home right away or there would be ‘hell to pay’. According to the text Casiel had gotten from Gabriel earlier that day, Naomi had been livid when the police contacted her and told her that Lucifer had been suspended from school for a week and that the police would be looking into his involvement in Dean's assault. In true Lucifer fashion, his step brother claimed to be blissfully innocent. Then he told their parents that they should ask Castiel what happened, he was Dean’s boyfriend after all.
"I'm sure. I've done the math. I'll still be there before Cas. I'm not gonna drop the ball on this, Dean. I've got you."
Gigantic thanks to
Dean glanced down at the shirt, Novak Real Estate plastered on the corner. He thought about arguing that maybe the person he was dating had purchased their home using the Novak’s, but quickly squashed the idea. Instead, he smiled, looking away from the camera.
Think how you’re going to feel when Charlie kills you tomorrow and this will be the last thing you said to me.
“Sorry? That’s all you are going to say? Do you have any idea how worried I was when Crowley called and told me that you had just ditched school without any reason?”
“Screw this!” Charlie hissed, shaking off Castiel’s hand before storming up to the table Sam and his friends were sitting at. Her friends scrambled up and quickly followed behind. Sam didn’t seem to notice her until she slapped her hands down on the table in front of him and got right up to his face.
“Is that why you came here? To ask me if whether Dean and I slept together?” Cas glared at him.
“Fine but what do you say we get started on your car, since we charge by the hour.” said Dean with a grin on his face.
“Look, Cas, it’s fine…” started Dean as he rubbed the sore spot on his head from where he had hit his head.
Dean winced in sympathy. "Didn't fit the criteria anymore?"
Dean looked up, meeting Castiel’s eyes as he pulled open the zipper and slid the jeans down Castiel’s hips and over the curve of his ass. “You’re so fucking sexy,” Dean said softly, tilting his head up to meet Cas as he leaned down for a kiss.
Now, Dean was feeling like the biggest asshole on the planet. Not only had Castiel changed his plans just to come here, but he was leaving because he felt unwelcome. Cas would probably hate him now for being an asshole to his friend-- even
going to his grandparent’s house, the part about him helping was a slight exaggeration of him handing her her jacket and suitcase with a hug after listening to his parents fight for hours on end the night before. No one needed to know the suitcase was always packed and ready to go, that his mom took off often after one of their fights.
Cas stepped back and turned, placing a hand on Amelia’s lower back to invite her into the house before he shut the door behind them. “This,” he said as the door closed with a
“Um,” he started, immediately holding up Dr. Novak’s satchel, trying not to picture it as a shield, “Doctor Roche noticed you left this at the hospital and asked me to bring it to you.”
Dean shoves his phone back in his pocket as he strides over to the trees and glares up at them. The
Dean had been walking around the house for a while, trying to pick out Castiel or Charlie from the crowd, when he heard Alastair say, “Look, Losechester actually decided to show up!”
“If you say so,” Mary conceded, balancing the tray on her hip with one arm. “Why don’t you try to get some more rest.”
“You really had no idea? I mean, he or his gang must have said something.”
As far as Dean knew, his parents hadn’t talked since they broke up. Whenever they saw each other, one of them, usually John, would take off in the other direction. “He… he actually called you?” asked Dean, shocked.
Sam smirked, eyes darting between Dean and Castiel, and Dean forced himself to keep his attention on his brother. He raised an eyebrow when Sam looked back at him.
“What kind is that one?” Castiel asked as he walked around the tree, carefully examining it.
Dean stared after him; Sam looked genuinely upset about the fact that Charlie was thinking about cutting all ties with him. But that couldn’t be the case. He was just using her in some fucked up way to get to him! He couldn’t possibly care about Charlie, right?
Dean couldn’t help but like the girl. Sure, she was a few years younger than them but she knew how to carry herself and Dean got the feeling that she didn’t take crap from anybody.
“Well,” Castiel drawled out as he looked over his shoulder with a wicked glint in his eyes, “the backseat looks awfully comfy, and I’m not picky.”
After what felt like forever, his mom finally said, “Maybe it’s better that you found out right away, before something happened. Wait!” Mary paused, an eyebrow raised, “
Eileen’s accident quickly came to mind. He barely remembered the moment of impact or the trip to the hospital, but he remembered the doctors who worked on him. They were how he hoped to be as a doctor, although he knew, in reality, Cas was right as well. He was surprised as his anger flared. “Yeah? Well, we can’t all be like you, Cas. Not everyone is able to turn off their emotions on a dime, okay?” he snapped, standing up and walking away.
When the trees arrived, he’d told the delivery driver that they had the wrong address, almost had them loaded back into the truck and on their way before Sam came sprinting out of the shop with his arms waving. He at least was given a full thermos of fresh coffee before Sam had put him to work building wooden stands to hold the
Dean smiled and drummed against the steering wheel, taking solace in the comfortable silence that had fallen between them. He didn’t feel an intense need to fill the air with small talk, though he
, for looking this over, and pointing out/curing me of my Britishisms.
Dean gave another shrug, sinking back into the pillows on Cas’ bed. They were still warm and smelled like Cas, and Dean resisted the urge to roll over and hug one to his chest. Yes, his brother was aware he was infatuated with his new boyfriend, he didn’t need to see exactly how much.
Dean’s living room was covered in photos of him growing up and his old art projects could be found all over the apartment. His mom had kept every single one of them, even the ugly ones, claiming she wanted to keep them incase he ever became a famous artist in the future. That way she could sell them for millions no matter how ugly he thought they were. She joked she might even be able to sell them for more since a lot of rich people were suckers for “abstract art”.
Hope blooms in Dean’s chest, and he stares, agape. “His… brother.”
“Miss Harvelle, go get changed!
"What did he say?" Claire shouts from outside the trees. "Uncle Cassie? You better have said yes!"
“I won’t wait up!” Sammy called after him, laughing as Dean flipped him the bird behind his back.
As fast as he could, without waking Cas up, Dean snuck inside the blanket and pulled off Cas' underwear. Cas' cock, still soft, rested on his thigh, and Dean suckled on the head, revelling in the feeling of it getting hard in his mouth. Once Cas was fully hard, Dean wrapped his arms around his boyfriends, honestly, obscenely sexily, muscled thighs, and took him in as deep as he could without triggering his gag reflex.
Sam raises a challenging eyebrow.
Maybe thinking about porn right in front of Castiel wasn’t the best idea after all...
“So you would get your pie. I just want your mom to like me,” replied Castiel earnestly, but so low that Dean nearly missed it.
“Because I help you with your homework,” answered Charlie last. “Plus, I own all of the good tv-shows.”
The smile that had broken out on Cas’ face was worth having to deal with Sam for one movie. At least Dean hoped it was.
“Maybe she’s PMSing because your lame ass brother finally got what was coming to him,” said Lucifer laughing as he stopped next to Sam, putting one arm over his shoulder. “Right,
“I don’t want to, but -- it’s hard not to speculate with how much they hate each other. Sorry bro.”
Leaning towards Castiel, Dean asked, “Am I missing something?”
"Okay." He gestures to the row of seats lining the wall. "I'll jus wait here then."
Now that I have two betas hopefully it won’t be as long between updates.
He closed his eyes, blowing out a slow breath, and had only a moment to plaster a smile on his face before Charlie was at his side, linking their arms together. “If I’d known you were still going to be here, I wouldn’t have stopped for chow in the caf-- Dude, what the hell happened?”
“We’re doing this, Jo!  Dean
Cas popped the lever laughed. "Are these cassette tapes? I had no idea you were such a Luddite."
“You’re sure we are going the right way?” asked Dean as he took another turn that he was sure would take them deeper into the forest. By now, they were about an hour outside of town, somewhere lost, at least in Dean’s opinion, in a forest. He had almost asked, “Sam didn’t ask you to bring me here to kill me, did he?” when Castiel told him to take the turn that would take them off the main road and onto a road in-between the trees.
“It’s getting late and it’s kind of cold out here. What do you say about going to your mom’s shop and getting something to warm us up?” suggested Castiel. “Wait, have you eaten anything today? If I know you correctly you must be starving by now.”
“Believe me, I don’t want to be the one to do this. However, Principal Crowley asked me to. Besides, you only have yourself to blame. Or at least Balthazar and Meg do. Getting caught doing it in a classroom, what were you thinking?”
