Castiel knocked his head back against the back of the seat in an exaggerated shrug. “I don’t know what to think. But the Colt didn’t kill him. Holy fire seems to be a momentary inconvenience.” He scrubbed at the corner of one eye, trying to scrape out debris that might very well be permanently embedded in his eyelid. His hand shook from fatigue. A shiver stole through him, rattling his shoulders.
“And it’s not good for you.” Dean jabbed a finger at Castiel. “And don’t even try to turn this around. You gotta take care of your body.”
early. There’d better be pie,” Charlie’s greeting brought a fleeting smile to Castiel’s face. He tapped the reused take-out tin between them with a sharp rat-a-tat. “Ah. You may live.” Charlie slumped like a collapsing balloon, and snatched the tin up into her lap. Carefully, she pried off the cracked plastic lid and pinned it under her knee so it wouldn’t blow away in the occasional gust scraping through Maltese. With the lid off, the once faint smell of chocolate, fig, and cinnamon swelled into full bloom. Charlie inhaled deeply, then plunked a finger deep into the center of the little palm-sized pie, pulling up a fingerful of fig-flecked chocolate custard. She licked the filling from her finger and moaned around it. “
While Castiel blinked in the afterglare of Dean’s attention, Dean moved to type something on his keyboard, then leaned further away from Castiel to press a button on a large plastic disc which resembled a stealth UFO. “Hey, Ash?”
The next few minutes are absorbed in thunderous thumps on the back and Jack’s ebullient explanation of how they’d manipulated the rocky Death power vacuum to bring Castiel home.
How one man, in the age of internet connectivity and goddamn social media, could be so elusive was beyond Castiel’s comprehension. He’d crafted a story to his realtor about finding something of Sam’s in the house. That the thing was
“What did you find in my old house?” An edge of impatience, and possibly suspicion tinged Sam’s tone.
“He…he died. Your dad did,” Castiel said swiftly. “I don’t know about Sam.” He held up both hands. “I’m helping you
“Awesome,” Dean said, squeezing Castiel’s knee and turning towards him so that his hair brushed across Castiel’s temple. Castiel shivered and leaned into his touch. When would he stop feeling like a sun-deprived plant finally set in a window? “Looking forward to it.”
Dean killed the driver before he could scream, life sparking out of him from Dean’s blade. Castiel swiveled briefly into the open, scouting for more demons. But they had apparently gotten lucky for once, or this was yet another trap. The truck was parked outside a sweeping glass edifice. They were on the north end of the conservatory, backed up in the parking lot to what looked like a side door leading into greenhouse space. Castiel crossed the dead space of the lawn quickly, pressing himself against the doorway.
Castiel slid close to Charlie, their arms pressing together for comfort. He could feel worry radiating from her. She sat, a statue of tension. “It’s just what I said in my DM. We need to break a curse,” she said. “And we’re looking for somebody. A particular witch. You said you might know who she is, or where we can find her.”
“Okay, let me put this another way. I want you to sleep with me. I’m exhausted but...wired? Too much coffee, maybe.” Dean’s hand slipped lower, across his waist, to Castiel’s wide belt buckle. His breath was close, hot and heavy on Castiel’s ear. “You want a distraction instead?” he murmured, pressing close. “‘Cause I could use one.”
“My dad hunted,” she said. “Never got much into it, though. More’s the pity, right?” She tapped the gun at her hip.
Castiel ran in the country now, on the long, quiet roads which leaked out of the city. There, the world was corn and soybean. Green and open, it made the concrete anomaly he spent most of his time in feel like a blip. The city bled from suburb to cornfield quickly, and it felt like peeling off a layer of skin - aching and satisfying in equal measure.
The equinox was a strange time, magical city or not. It heralded the official start of fall, but Maltese still held firmly onto the hem of summer’s dress. Flowers bloomed out of season on the equinox, filling the trees with night-blooming morning glories which twined through branches. The air was sweet with a heady mix of bloom and early leaf decay. By the next morning, the leaves would begin to turn like well-trained dogs and fall to the ground one by one.
Eileen leaned across the counter and flicked Dean on the shoulder. “These smell amazing,” she said appreciatively to Castiel. She craned her neck to read Castiel’s tablet. His mouth dropped open in dismay. Between Sam’s boisterous shouting and Dean’s rumpled kitchen greeting, Castiel had forgotten to include Eileen in the conversation. He knew she read lips, but with the tablet he hadn’t any need for mouthing the words and--
“Come on, man.” The demon groaned in pain, but their eyes were clear as they said, “There’s a prisoner. High level. Been here for months. ‘S the only one here.”
Castiel laughed. “Well, it was good advice at the time. Sharing a space with you, even once I needed to sleep and it became necessary, kept me going. Less quiet, with Heaven shut up, if you were there.”
They surged together like mingling tides. Castiel left both unspoken regrets and reassurances in a blazing trail across Dean’s skin. And the next morning while they lay tangled in Castiel’s bed, they talked about light things. Parties and nephews and the perfect flavor of pie to impress a sister-in-law.
Screwing up his face, Castiel shook his head and tapped his throat, then flew his fingers outward. Anna used to call that move his “Little Mermaid”, which galled him. But that, paired with a regretful head shake, was usually enough to explain himself.
Every bit of ecstatic tension ramped up as the bed shuddered and Dean rose up on his knees to sling one leg over Castiel. Straddling him seemed to give Dean more leverage, because now his hands worked heavily at Castiel’s back, palms kneading with the force of his body behind them.
Castiel shivered at his touch, achingly familiar but with so much still unsaid between them. He needed to gather his thoughts but it was proving impossible while Dean was touching him like that. He leaned forward, conscious that he was using his keyboard as an excuse to pull away. “I’m fine. Are you okay?” He looked back at Dean, looking him over carefully. There was redness along his jaw, possibly the start of a bruise, and some flecking blood along his nose. Otherwise, he seemed unharmed.
There was an entourage with her, all much more sensibly attired in thick coats and hats. They skirted the edge of the duck pond, several holding bags of some kind of bird food that they scattered as they walked. Ducks followed them like groupies and a team of swans formed a hissing honor guard at the edges.
Warmth radiants from the wooden planks of the dock under Castiel’s feet. The surrounding lake smells almost too rich, eutrophic but vibrant with potential life below the surface. Trees line the opposite shoreline and the sky is the color of mist, washed of color. Somehow it transforms the wide lake into something close, like an arm thrown over a shoulder. Something safe.
“You run if you want. I’m going back and finishing this goddamn fight. He’s gotta be weak now. I’ll take another shot.” Dean glared at him. “Pull. Over.”
“It itches,” Castiel replied, a little petulantly, glaring beyond the sigils to the aft deck. “Let’s load up. I don’t think we’ll be alone for long.”
She wobbled her phone at him and Castiel took it and skimmed through the page. The message board spanned several years, tied to a post someone had originally made about locust migration that had trickled to rumors about plagues of locusts, which had in turn become a discussion of a woman who had cursed someone to spit out grasshoppers when they spoke. The latest entry was from a month ago and it simply read, “I met this chick in Maltese. Super hot. She said grasshoppers guy deserved what he got.” There was a blurry photo of a woman in a dark bar, neon lights a frizz of bright pink in the background.
“Yes,” Amara said, her entourage parting like the sea so she could approach him. She looked him over carefully and Castiel felt flayed open by it. He hoped she couldn’t sense his nerves, suspected she could, and held still under her scrutiny anyway. Finally, she stooped down to pick up a pie. It was a sweet potato pie, his mother’s favorite. “You gave me one of these,” Amara said with a spreading smile. “I remember. You were the boy in the street. And you gave me a pie when I was hungry.”
Dean pushed Castiel back sharply so he could look into his eyes; Dean’s brow was lined in exasperation. “Cas,” he said painfully, then kissed him hard. Dean kissed Castiel with purpose, deep and long, like there were ideas beyond words that he was trying to pass between them.
With a flicker of lights and a rush of cold, Dean appeared beside him. He looked almost solid these days, his coloring warm and the detail from his freckles down to the weave of his shirt discernible from just a casual glance. His eyes, once near hollows, sparkled. Dean grinned, then glanced at the meal laid out on the table. His expression fell comically. “Pizza again? Cas, we talked about this.”
Castiel gasped at his words. What if Dean was right? What if this was true love? What if intention was all that was needed to wield magic or break curses? “Dean,” he said, and a pie emerged. His face fell and he laughed bitterly. “I'm sorry,” he said. “So sorry for everything. You don’t deserve this.” A ginger pineapple pie tumbled out, sharp and sweet.
“This world’s hard on people like us. Maybe I see a chance to make a difference. It’s not every day that life hands you a shortcut. There are people I gotta protect. And nobody else—”
Meg hisses and reaches for the bloody stone, but Dean raises it up and away. “Cas first.” He holds out his other hand to Castiel, a clear invitation. When Castiel hesitates, Dean quirks a brow at him. “What’s the matter?” he asks. “You don’t think you deserve to be saved?”
Castiel leaned his cheek against the top of Dean’s head in a silent mark of affection and Dean hummed happily.
The floor shook again, the panes of glass surrounding them rattled fiercely. Through the large glass doors just outside the Fern Room, Castiel could see Lucifer standing in the trap Dean had drawn, his fist balled up in rage. Castiel ran for them, falling into the doorframe as the ground shook again. He pushed through the door.
Castiel’s hand drifted up, fingers bending in farewell, and then Dean was just a retreating figure against the park green.
Dean worked in silence at his keyboard for a while, stealing occasional moments to glance reassuringly at Castiel. It was the companionable quiet that put Castiel at ease more than anything. The entire day had been working up to this point, and suddenly it seemed anticlimactic in the best way. He either watched Dean work, or he watched what was apparently a read-out of his brain waves on the nearest monitor. All the while, he reveled in the fact that the Lyrebird didn’t hurt, not even a bit.
“Hold on,” Dean said, dropping his hands to his knees. “What? What home? I just got here, man. I just died. Found the Roadhouse and I heard about you - nice job, by the way. And then I just started to drive around.” He gestured between them. “And now here you are. And here we are. Cas, I—“
Castiel deflated against the wall. His thumb danced above the screen. Should he write to him? Apologize?
By the time evening rolled around, he had tamed his more insidious demons. He sat comfortably on the front stoop of his building while he waited for Dean to arrive. Whatever happened, would happen. Whether it was a dat or not...or if it went well or not... There was no point in agonizing over it, right? He inhaled deeply, watching the neighborhood bustle around him.
Dean threw up his arms. “A thousand different ways. I will have failed to win the king’s favor but beyond that — He will work himself to the bone instead of study - and that’s just to survive. He’ll grind himself to dust. And who knows? One day maybe he’ll throw himself at the mystery of the shoes and face the gallows.”
Dean leaned close and breathed against Castiel, “Baby, you gonna come for me?” Pumping Castiel’s cock in strong, sure strokes, Dean began to talk. “Come for me. Fuck that stamina. Let yourself go. Let go for me.” Castiel felt himself building high, hard in Dean’s grip, and he arched into his palm, chasing release. Dean laid a kiss against his throat. His lips were soft and gentle. Reverent. Head thrown back and hips pressed forward, Castiel lost himself.
The condo was small, on the first floor of a little four story complex in a largely residential neighborhood. It had blackout curtains on its single window, functioning deadbolts for the door, and gloriously soft furniture. They made good use of the curtains to seal up the rooms tight, and the door and window were well barricaded. Relatively speaking, it felt safe. Homey.
“Come on.” Charlie prodded his tablet meaningfully, swinging in the mesh gym bag he’d slung over the treadmill’s cup holder. “Help me stretch.”
Castiel let Dean undress him and caress him, laying him out again along the bedspread. Dean bent low and licked Castiel’s cock from base to tip. Castiel should have felt cold in the unheated house. Instead he felt superheated. He ran his fingers through Dean’s hair and then held him there for a moment, twitching against Dean’s lips before pulling him away.
Amara pursed her lips, staring at him in consternation. Castiel’s mind prickled, in the way he always imagined it did while hooked up to Dean’s machinery in the lab. “Oh my,” she said at last, her eyes flicking over his forehead like she was reading a report. “Your memory is
Dean’s voice was quieter, more intimate away from the noisy party or crowded park. It was nice. Reassuring.
The computer screen illuminated the kitchen in blue and lit the man hunched at the table. The lines of his body transformed into a soft sketch against the evening shadows. Castiel frowned at the spreadsheet and pecked the delete key, removing the latest nonsense entered into the active cell. “Is it my keyboard?” he wondered aloud, picking up his laptop and examining the keys closely. “Because every time I get up I come back to numbers. Letters.” Castiel sighed and unplugged his computer from the wall outlet. “Nothing coherent. Damn old houses. I hope there isn’t a short. Crumbs in the keyboard?” He upended it and shook it gently, but no offending debris fell out.
With a meeting place arranged, Castiel and Dean headed downstairs. As soon as he passed through the outer doors, a weight seemed to lift. They walked around the narrow sidewalk until they arrived at the garden. Castiel chose a bench in the sunshine and slumped onto it with a gusty sigh. Closing his eyes, he turned his face toward the sun.
Dean was looking at him with a curious mix of alarm and empathy. “Are you okay to keep going?” Castiel frowned and nodded adamantly. He was here, wasn’t he?
“We can pay,” Dean said and charm sparked off him like a magic spell as he threw her his best flirtatious grin. “And it’s a strange ship so we’re thinking maybe it stands out. Maybe...a boat nobody wants to mess with? And British.”
It happens when Castiel is lost in a memory of Dean, terrified, heading in to torture Alastair. Dean turns to him, circled shadows haunting his eyes. “Seriously? You gotta let things go, man.”
Castiel let out his breath and lowered his weapon. “It is,” he agreed quietly. “We’d appreciate a good word.” He gestured and let Mag lead them to the gate, standing silent while she told the soldiers milling there to stand down and let them walk through.
Dean’s face was inches away, fully manifested in the moonlight. He looked real and touchable and Castiel flexed his fists open and gripped the sheets around his knees to keep himself from reaching out and trying. Dean’s hand remained on Castiel’s neck, gentle and cold.
“It hurts,” Dean confessed in a small voice. Every inch of him reflected fear like an abandoned child. “It hurts to wake up.”
“I’m sorry that happened to you,” Castiel said as he scooped up handfuls of vegetables and dumped them into a warm pan. The photos that had accompanied the articles showed a young man close to his age, smiling over the roof of a gleaming car. He’d looked happy. Castiel wondered if they’d been close - the Winchesters. They probably had, he decided. “Maybe you can find your brother. Find some closure.” He sighed. “I hope you find peace.” Realization dawned on him as his food cooked. It was funny how fear faded over time until it was just another thing he rolled into his life. Disease, job loss, ghosts…apparently Castiel could adapt to much more than he’d given himself credit for. With sudden clarity, he murmured to the quiet kitchen, “I wish I could help you.”
Dean was in the video, relaxed and clearly in his element. In it, he explained the mechanism of a spidery device, showing how it wrapped around the skull of a young brunette like fine tentacles. Castiel drank in the technical details bemusedly as the video slipped between a dry explanation of the testing process, and colorful animations of firing neurons.
“We’ve been on three dates and they’ve all been...perfect. He’s amazing.” Dean was so easy to talk to, Castiel found it hard to remind himself that there were things Dean didn’t know. Things he
“Actually…” Now Sam sounded thoughtful. “I was going to drive out there next month. Try to visit him. Maybe I could pick it up, after all.”
“Yeah, well, Chuck’s a shitty creator, but we already knew that.” Dean extends his hands to Castiel, palms up in supplication. “Listen, I don’t know how long it’ll be but we’re working on a way to get you outta here.”
Charlie wrinkled her nose ruefully. “I don’t think so. And I don’t want to-- I’m not ready to talk about it,” she said, forestalling him from pressing her further. “The idea of moving was an off hand comment to Alicia but…” She looked out over the city. “I’m not gonna leave. I like it here. Besides, who else is gonna look after you?”
Castiel let out a shaky laugh. “That’s good, I guess? I hope? You knew him,” Castiel mused. “But how?”
It was a slow, shaky kiss, the kind you have when you’re unsure about it. When so much remains unsaid between the two parties.
“No, stop,” Dean protested. “I take it all back. You can make dinner and I’ll plant the beans. C’mon. Pie’s up.” He waited while Castiel weaved out of their herb patch and joined him on the porch. Winding his fingers into Castiel’s shirt tail, he pulled him close and kissed him soundly. “You smell like dirt,” he murmured against his lips.
“I--” Castiel was so taken aback by Amara’s blunt questions that his words stopped and an empty crust emerged. “My mother is fine. Healthy,” he said cautiously, and filling chased the crust to the ground.
“There was something of his. I found it in my office. Um, one of the rooms. And I thought of you. You know, same last name and everything.” He winced, wondering how he was supposed to explain any of this across the phone. Maybe he should push for a video call. Or have Dean speak to his brother himself? It seemed like a risky move, and he and Dean had agreed that Castiel should try to get Sam to come back to the house without attaching a ghost story to it. “I thought you could come and pick it up.”
Dean shuffled to the side, just a hair, just enough to jostle him companionably. The plan was set, Dean’s mood was light, and Castiel tried not to enjoy it too much.
Lucifer strolled away like a pedestrian in a park. His demons mobilized immediately, and soon Dean and Castiel were surrounded by night-eyed fighters.
“She does come here from time to time. Haven’t seen her lately,” Crowley said quickly and held up a forestalling finger. “But I do think I could make a deal with you to locate your witchy friend.”
“I’ll take you in my mouth. Your dick. Your balls. I’ll put put my hand on your— I want to feel you everywhere. Faster, Cas. I want to watch you lose control. Come on. I’ll play with your nipple. You like that, right?” Castiel brought his other hand down and thumbed over his nipple. Pleasure sang through his body. Dean was all around him, no longer just spirit pretending to be flesh but energy pressed along him, a cold wind whispering in his ear about all the things he’d like to do to Castiel.
Castiel had been surprised, and then embarrassed at his surprise, the first time Dean had referred to him as his boyfriend. They were dating. Properly dating. And Dean still didn’t know about his curse. If Castiel had his way, Dean would never know.
Castiel thought appreciatively. Dean wore jeans faded white along the thighs, more an artful effect to accentuate his beautiful legs than actual wear-and-tear. A dark green henley brought out his eyes and his freckled nose. Dean seemed to glow tonight, at ease behind the wheel as he leaned back against the seat with one arm slung over the back - close, but not quite touching Castiel.
“There was that rowboat behind that gas station in Shippen,” Castiel pointed out. “It looked old, but more or less intact. And we’ve got to get a sheep’s heart anyway, for the spell to break through magical barriers. Wasn’t there a herd—“
“Hey,” Kevin said easily, and Channing sent him a dimpled smile as well. Castiel flipped them a terribly awkward two fingered salute as he settled into the passenger seat. To cover his awkwardness, he turned his attention to Dean’s car. He ran a reverent finger along the dash and then write on his tablet, “She’s more beautiful up close.” This appeared to be the correct thing to say, because Dean beamed at him.
“Fuck,” Dean muttered, automatically reaching for his guns to prepare for a quick, bloody battle. He looked around them, alert now.
There was a rundown Gas ‘n’ Sip with intact windows - always a good sign. But as soon as they entered, they realized it was because the shop had been left unlocked. Castiel laughed as he ran a finger across the already dusty, very empty shelves. “They’ve taken everything that hasn’t been nailed down.”
“Oh!” Jody said, swinging down into a seat across from them. “Do you do big pies? I’d love to buy a few for the girls.”
Rowena, the ice cream witch, had listened to their plan attentively and vowed to help. She gave him crystals to concentrate magic, claiming to have been “charging” them for the past fortnight to bolster Castiel’s spelled pie. Castiel hoped they worked to magnify cursed magic just as well as born-magic. He had no way to test them before they needed to use them. According to Rowena, to test them was to drain them and then she’d need to start all over with a new set of stones. To him, they just looked and felt like cold lumps of rock. He touched the smooth side of one. It seemed completely lifeless. Castiel shook his head. There was a lot about magic he had yet to understand.
Castiel looped his rifle over one shoulder and made sure his handguns were accessible. He scooped up the Colt and jammed it into his belt, then picked Dean up in a fireman’s carry. Dean was heavy despite years of lean eating, but Castiel could still boast greater strength than most in their camp. He grunted under Dean’s weight, and began a quick, careful trek back to the Jeep.
Dean raised his arm and the castle shone through like he was a soap bubble. “You see me. Do others here—?”
Dean and Castiel took it as their cue to extract themselves and joined Charlie as they headed out of the ward. As they retreated down the hallway, doctors shouted at each other to go check out the vegetative patient who was not only awake, but complaining from her intensive care bed about wanting to go for a casual stroll in the garden. And was it so much to ask to get her beloved daughter back in there? They had a lot of years to catch up on.
He remembers more than the poetry of the neanderthal now. He remembers the bloody face of one elder poet. Her grim look of acceptance as Castiel slashed through her family. The houses thousands of years later with slain children, one by one, screams filling the night. The widower weeping over his wife’s body, wings spread wide on either side. All the countless times he said
There was a muffled expletive and then Sam said, “I’m so sorry. I think I hit your number by mistake. Um. You’re the guy. With the house?”
Night began to fall properly, the rosy flush gone from the sky and the light of a few of the brighter stars straggling past the ambient city light to greet the market-goers. Castiel paused at a stall offering free samples of ice cream in small paper cups. He picked up two and was just reaching for the little wooden paddles that passed for tasting spoons when Dean gripped his arm.
Castiel thought he looked flustered and oddly, this calmed him. “It’s fine,” he wrote. “Don’t worry.” He glanced curiously down at the headset on the table.
Dean flickered into the room, his usual breeze like a sigh across Castiel’s skin. For a moment, he stood on the opposite side of the coffee table. He face read like an aching combination of sorrowful and hopeful, brows knit and lips lifted. “Yeah?”
Dean interrupted him with a gusting sigh, muttering something under his breath. He threw his hands up in the air, though. “Might as well fucking try. Walk me through this one more time. What exactly did that British guy say?”
“This is the Night Market, man. Didn’t you notice the container in the back of the stall?” Dean hissed as he pulled at Castiel’s arm. Castiel racked his memory and pictured the corner of the dark little stall. It had held the woman’s wares: little half pints of small batch ice cream settled in a cooler ensconced in lavender mist. He nodded, slowly.
By the time he was done, Dean waited outside blasting music in the Impala, one arm slung outside an open window. He winked as Castiel approached. “Hey baby, you want a ride?”
He jabbed a hand into his attacker’s throat. She coughed under the pressure but didn’t relent. She delivered a searing blow to his ear that made him feel suddenly seasick. He continued pressing the blade of his hand into her throat, trying to push her away. This close, he could see purple pulsing under her skin, running bright in her strained veins.
Castiel looked away, taking up the spatula and nudging at the avocado. The pieces left streaks of oil in their wake, like comet contrails. He still hadn’t managed to contact Dean’s brother and the more time that went on, the more he feared the worst.
Castiel had spent the last several years determined to never date until he was cured, hell bent on nothing more than undoing his curse before moving on with his life. Now, he had a different hope dangled in front of him: hope that FutureTech would move forward with Lyrebird and that someday he could talk to other people, seamlessly, without producing a single pie. Now, he had the prospect of spending more time with Dean - soft, astonishing Dean - and he didn’t think he could ever get enough of that fantasy either.
He was used to feeling exhausted after a long day of baking and selling. But these days he felt bone-tired at the end of a day whenever he tried to use his gift to its greatest potential. Despite that, his magical pies now felt like a
Amara hummed and examined her nails. “Yes, most people do assume we’ve all been burned at the stake already.” The group behind her tittered. She rolled her eyes at Castiel. “I gave you a powerful gift that day. The power to heal body and mind with a little comfort food, easily consumed. I’m displeased to hear that you squandered it.”
Together, they poured over the maps. Neither of them had spent much time on the coast of the lakes, though they’d encountered pockets of travelers who’d used the water as a refuge from the Croatoan scourge. When they finally agreed on a route, Dean looked Castiel in the eye for the first time since Castiel had dragged him from Lucifer’s trap. His mouth settled in a thin line. “I’m still pissed at you,” he said quietly.
Dean stared at him dumbly and then he shook his head, a smile suffusing him as slow and warm as stew. “
Castiel pulled Dean up to settle beside him, closing his eyes in utter satisfaction. They had a good thing going, he and Dean. Castiel was learning sign language at long last, and quickly enough that it was becoming a competition between the two of them to see who could become the surest communicator. Sun streamed through the window, warming their skin. Life was...good. And that goodness was amazing. His breath began to slow into something calm and susurrous, heading towards an afternoon nap curled up with Dean.
Soon, Castiel and Dean stood bare chested around the sigil circle while Lucifer battered at the barrier like an angry ball of lightning. Castiel sliced his palm, and took one last fleeting look at Dean. He looked desperate and exhausted, pale with exertion. But he met Castiel’s gaze with blazing warmth.
Castiel closed his eyes briefly. “Sam.” Between the lines of Dean’s stories, Sam had come across as Dean’s greatest protector. Castiel couldn’t think of anything he could possibly say to persuade Sam to give him, a total stranger, access of any kind to his brother.
However, Sam Winchester seemed to have dropped off the face of the earth as soon as the house sale had been finalized. According to Castiel’s network of realtors, his phone number was disconnected and he hadn’t replied to his former realtor’s conscientiously written email about possessions discovered in his former home.
The room was small but pleasant, with a wide industrial window taking up one wall and a pastoral print hung on the opposite side. Taking up most of the space was a large hospital bed flanked by huge machines, tubes, and wires. In the middle of it all lay Charlie’s mother.
“I’ve never seen anything like it,” she prefaced her news with, “but your mother is responsive. And we’re seeing promising brain waves for the first time since she was admitted.” At Charlie’s gasp, she held up her hands. “She’s still very weak.
The wind from the outside was no match for Dean’s energy. White and fire engulfed Dean and Castiel let out a broken sob as fire burned away the rest of Dean’s tether. It was beautiful, and horrible, and at the end he closed his eyes to it.
Castiel ran, and tried to create a plan to free Dean. Castiel ran, and tried to ignore the rock gathering mass in his gut at the thought of being alone again.
“Laugh it up, Chuckles,” Dean groused as he let his gun drop. He dragged a tired knuckle across the bridge of his nose but he relaxed incrementally. The presence of wildlife was always a good sign. Animals kept a wide berth from infected humans and signs of animal habitation usually ensured an abandoned home as well. Dean slipped past Castiel to check the room at the end of the short hallway, where a door stood closed. He emerged moments later with a pleased look. “It actually doesn’t smell like possum piss in here.”
Now Castiel watched movies with a ghost and talked to him about his day like it was perfectly normal to seek the opinions of a resident spirit. It was something about the way Dean spoke to him - casual and pleased to see him - that set Castiel at ease. It made him feel normal, if normal included bundling up constantly in the middle of summer. Of course, nothing about the situation was truly…normal.
It was Castiel’s turn to be confused and it rattled in his gut uncomfortably like marbles in a jar. “The crash. He died in the crash. With you?”
He let the air out of his lungs slowly, and settled himself to work the rest of the evening in relative peace, hidden behind his pies and his customer service smile.
“On a flash drive, tidy as you please.” Crowley pulled out a flash drive and set it on the table with a clack.
The park stretched before and behind them, an intimidating warren of thick trees and sculpted hills.
Slowly, Castiel wiped away the mess, rolling the towel into itself and setting it on top of the broken mug. “Can you—“ He pinched the bridge of his nose. “This is going to sound rude, and I shouldn’t feel guilty but…” Castiel swallowed air. “Can you leave? Or are you trapped here?”
Castiel took a moment to work past the disbelief. “This is real?” Castiel asked through the machine. The computerized voice asked the question for him. It made it
“Oh. Cas.” Gently, Charlie wrapped an arm around his shoulders. Castiel let himself be drawn into her embrace, resting his cheek against her sun-warmed hair. “I should’ve gone with you. Strength in numbers? Though how they got past you… You’re fast, Cas. I’ve seen you fight.”
It was perfect and quiet all around them, and from the trees and all around them the air smelled like change.
Castiel gaped and Dean laughed at him and kissed his nose. “Say it again, because I don’t care about what you say or don’t say to me. Or how you say it.
Castiel pulled out his tablet and wrote with a cold fingertip, “Anything. Name the time and we’ll go.” Winter was a slow season for him, so he could afford to take off as much time as she needed.
The prisoner’s own outfit appeared to have once been expensive; he wore a thick wool coat that was torn and bloody, but would have once been soft and crisp. He would have been perfectly in sync with angels in that matter, and their preoccupation with fine, neat clothing. “I don’t know about ‘the resistance.’ But my people...We fight against Lucifer,” Castiel said. “We’re here to kill him.”
“Yes,” Castiel said definitively, pulling a short laugh from Dean that sent hot air prickling across Castiel’s neck. “Good.”
“You ever wish,” Dean said at last, “That you could just...reverse time? Make a different choice? I would’ve maybe
Another person might have dutifully reported his illegal magic use to the Comm owners and Castiel would have received a polite but firm retraction of his contract, or even a visit from law enforcement. Magic might be somewhat tolerated in the city, but using magic was still prosecuted frequently enough to incentivize hiding. Instead, Charlie had been full of eager curiosity and a surprising amount of gentle concern. Castiel must have looked ill, because the next thing he knew she was helping him sit on a stack of boxes and assuring him fervently that she would never tell his secrets. Instead, she offered to help him hide his magic.
She nodded. “Met a sailor with an accent like that. Piloting a real nice boat. Clean, fast. Expensive.” The way she flashed teeth, sudden and fierce as a knife, made Castiel picture a bloody interview. “He told me about a ship like that.”
“Probably,” Castiel agreed, but they drove down the winding hillside anyway. It was a small settlement, barely a town, with a short main street composed of very few storefronts and several broken-eyed houses that had been grand long before the end of the world.
Two swans waddled towards them, necks snaking and beaks open in angry hisses. At least three people in the witch’s entourage had coats unzipped and hands grasping objects that glinted as they turned to catch the light.
Careful not to disturb Dean, Castiel pulled on his jeans and a sweatshirt, pinching a little pie filling from his t-shirt hem as he slipped out of the room.
Dean clapped him on the shoulder. “Maybe there’s a bar. It’s pirates,” he explained at Castiel’s eye roll. “There’s always a bar.”
Dean set out across the ballroom floor, and the crowd buffeted him into a kind of dance as he wove through the room. The dancers were dressed richly, bedecked in silks or jewels. But there were plenty who were plainly clad - like common folk. There, a woman with blacksmith-thick arms sported seared leather. Here, a man with heels as high as a bladed hand smiled with moss-green lips at his tip-eared companion. Dean pressed himself to the opposite wall and, nestled in the bower of the ballroom, watched the party with ecstatic awe.
Dean must have seen the question in his eyes because he said, “I’ll get this set up, and then I’ll have you do some trials. There are just a couple things you need to know.”
“Unnatural?” Mag asked. “I’d call the whole damn world unnatural these days.” Her gaze was shrewd and Castiel decided to make the leap.
with such vitriol that it shook Castiel out of the pleased fog he’d allowed himself to drift into. He felt his face settle into a mulish expression but found he didn’t care as he jerked his tablet from his pocket and wrote, “It’s just ice cream.”
“They killed half my team and sent the rest of us back as a warning. By now they’ve probably gotten to all the control crystals for the portal and—“
“I think he prefers to be pursued, rather than pursue. It’s more...fun.” Castiel let his distaste show. “We were encamped not far from Detroit and Lucifer never once bothered to infiltrate us there. I think it...amused him.”
Of course, as Dean pointed out when Castiel observed this, the park and nearby buildings absolutely crawled with demons. Castiel and Dean had warded themselves heavily against any kind of magical detection they knew about, Castiel dredging up ancient and untested runes he’d come across centuries ago but never had the occasion to use. With the warding on their bodies preventing Lucifer from tracking them, all they had to do was evade his minions.
When Charlie emerged again, she no longer carried the pie. She had used the time to feed it to her mother in tiny portions. Charlie waggled her fingers at them and grinned.
It had been weeks since Crowley’s proposal and Castiel hadn’t heard a thing from him. Nor had Charlie, based on the infrequent updates she sent his way. In the bright, fragrant Winchester home, the veiled threats in the Throne Room seemed like a distant nightmare. He made himself smile around at the busy, warm home.
“Now,” Crowley said, gesturing to Dean who was pushed forward by a guard. “Let’s talk. Because, boy, you’re in way deeper than you know.”
When they pulled apart, Dean laughed wearily. “I’m giving this to Charlie,” he said. “Or I gotta start running more.”
Castiel embraced his routine as a comforting balm. While his weekends could be erratic, contracted frequently for festivals or events, he kept to a simple weekday schedule. Two mornings a week he offered breakfast fare: comforting magically-made quiches and handmade fruit tarts. The quiches were especially popular on Mondays; Castiel liked to imagine that the solid morning repast laid a good foundation for the rest of the day. He’d had more than one customer tell him that one of his quiches gave their Mondays balance. Three days a week he traveled between different lunch locations where several other carts parked and sold their wares. On lunch days, his desserts were the most popular - decadent treats purchased to tide people over their afternoon slump.
Castiel breathed in deeply when they were done. It smelled like a flower garden now, masking the dreary bleached scent of the Middleton hospital room. It smelled like summer. The solstice sun streamed in through the window, lighting the bed in warm gold.
Castiel took Dean’s free hand and together they made their way out of the bar. They walked into the sunshine, Dean silent beside him, his grip way too hard for him to be entirely calm. Castiel swallowed, wanting to say something, and then realized his tablet was still at the bar shattered on the floor.
Sam laughed. “Dude, not all pies. Don’t you remember the time you tried to make mom’s pie in...what was that place?”
Castiel walked around the side of his truck, mindlessly running his fingers along the gleaming honeycomb patterned side. She was an old truck, surviving at least two prior businesses and Castiel’s own cross country flight, but you wouldn’t know it to look at her. He’d kept her tidy and hammered out her dents himself, buffed away the rust, and gotten professionals to do whatever he couldn’t.
Okay. Dean’s not at home. Maybe...maybe he’d headed back to Sam’s home. Castiel drove back to Sam’s house, anxiety chasing him down the highway.
Castiel smiled at the self-effacing man in front of him, who had somehow helped to craft this amazing device. “I’m going to make you a pie,” he declared, and the computer got it exactly right: the softness, the awe, the absolutely hopeless infatuation.
Whenever feeling leeched through before it had been easy enough to quash through action. Keep busy enough, and there wouldn’t be time for questioning. No time for guilt.
“I’ll try that, then,” Kevin said with a wry sideways smile, turning to greet the newcomer. “Dean Winchester! I figured you’d be camped here all day! This guy’s obsessed with pie,” he explained and Castiel tried to nod coolly while a traitorous part of him imagined an afternoon with this man settled in front of his truck all day.
The Lincoln Park Conservatory rose like a jewel box against the sallow dawn. In a city of broken windows, the fact that the conservatory was mostly intact was something like a miracle.
“I can’t say I believe in ghosts,” Balthazar said slowly. “Though I suppose I don’t disbelieve in them either,” he added unhelpfully. “What I do know is that you’ve been under some stress.”
Towers of books lined the wall and he’d put up a few framed posters Charlie had gotten signed for him at a comic convention. He’d even bought the TV after Charlie had soundly mocked him for watching movies on his small laptop screen.
“There’s another way to take out Lucifer,” Castiel said, remembering the bitter man chained to iron. He sucked on his lip, considering, then laid out his ace card. “And if it works, we might be able to save Sam at the same time.”
“Me?” Dean looked surprised. “No. You? Definitely not.” Dean picked at a frayed tear in his jeans. “Charlie called this morning to wish you a happy Thanksgiving,” he said. “When I told her what happened, and that you just took off and that you weren’t answering your phone…” His tone took on a mild accusatory ring. “Well, she shouted for a little bit and said you were probably at the Comm and to look on the roof? And when you weren’t there, and you weren’t at your apartment, she said you might be trying to make a deal with Crowley. She’s a good friend.” Dean laughed and it only held a small measure of strain. “A real good friend, apparently. She dug up some dirt on him while she’s been gone and passed it along to me.”
With awe humming through him, Castiel touches Dean’s temple, cheek, jaw. He marvels at Dean, so still and trusting beneath his hand. So open. “I do want that,” he says. “I want you.”
“Or not. Should we…get started?” Dean asked eventually. Castiel felt his entire being deflate as the opportunity to ask Dean out ghosted away.
Castiel, for the life of him, could not decipher Dean’s tone. He pulled his tablet close and unlocked it, his fingers curled around the edges. “Are you okay?” Castiel wrote.
“No,” he shouted, catching the solid pie that fell from his lips, heavy with his shout. He whipped around and launched the pie at the guard training a gun on him. From the brief look of surprise she registered before her face was covered in pie, the guard hadn’t been expecting Castiel to do anything.
Castiel hid his hands below the counter like a guilty schoolboy. His tablet was on a charger in their room. He shook his head as Dean approached.
The balcony opened onto another stair, this one curving down along the trunk of a tower and disappearing into what appeared to be a raucous jungle of roses. Fruited musk filled the air, like every sweet fruit-bearing plant bloomed in this place. Above them, the cavernous sky blushed blue and green like the ribbons of an aurora against the unfathomable depths. Castiel pulled Dean to a barrow in the thick of the garden and settled him at its peak. He placed both palms against Dean’s shoulders, and looked at him with the hooded gaze of a pleased cat.
Davies dismissed the soldiers and then approached the cells. He had his hands shoved casually into the pockets of his trousers and looked for all the world like he was on an afternoon stroll in a park. He paused in front of Castiel’s cell. “So. We have Dean Winchester. And you are…?”
. Car keys. Phone. Wallet. No further words needed to be said. They could mail him back his clothing, his tablet. It didn’t matter. All that mattered at the moment was his body screaming at him to run.
Charlie had suggested. Castiel turned those words over in his mind, the promise of them brighter than ever.
Crowley grimaced. “Got it,” he said at last. “Let these two yahoos leave,” he directed towards his guards. “They’re not worth my time.” As he straightened, Castiel noticed blood running in a trickle down his throat and he gulped.
“Cute,” the witch said, appearing entirely unperturbed. “I can give you a spell,” he said. “And you’re obviously good for the cash.” He nodded to the slumped duffel on the nearby counter, neat stacks of bills peeking through the open zipper. “But I gotta know why. Call it professional curiosity.”
Castiel laughed at him with drawn-out delight at his surly discomfort. “Because I liked watching you try to tackle it. It was extremely entertaining.”
He woke to warmth and the slide of another leg against his own. Castiel couldn’t seem to open his eyes, but that didn’t matter. Lifting his hand, he traced along Dean’s warm, sun-dusted shoulder, curving his fingers along his bicep and stroking his thumb over the sensitive skin of his inner elbow. He drew up his knee and Dean moved with him, suddenly no longer just parts in the darkness but a solid body next to him. Under him. Over him.
Castiel rolled his eyes to the ceiling expressively. “It’s been a long year. I resigned myself for a time to never finding the witch who cursed me. To no cure. To living my life the way I was.” He risked a glance at Dean. “And then I met you.”
Guards ushered Castiel and Dean back to a quiet, closed back room at the back of the bar. Castiel could practically feel the pistol pointed at his head, like a round ring of electricity. He tasted bile; his stomach roiled.
“It’s not today,” Dean said hurriedly, as though that had been Castiel’s chief question. “Next week. It’s a speech study. For a product my team is working on. It’s technically for anyone who uses speech assist tech, but we’re testing with people who can hear because there’s an emotional output component.” He tapped his temple, seemingly without thought. “For inflection? And it’s helpful to get feedback on accuracy from the person talking. Anyway, it’s really cool. You can talk without needing to speak a word.” He gestured towards the tablet on the counter. “Without typing, too.”
There were things Castiel knew about Dean. Things his research had told him, and things Dean’s spirit had revealed once they began to talk. He knew that Dean had been a mechanic and worked in construction before he died, and had recently enrolled in a two year college prep program. From Dean, Castiel had gleaned that Dean’s life had been bound around work, supporting his family with long hours at low pay. “How did you learn to cook?”
“I sell them,” Castiel said and for the first time since the curse descended, he felt defensive of them.
“My dear boy,” she said mildly. “Normal is both overrated and a burden of its own. To say your gift is also a curse is to acknowledge that...that the sky is both blue and without color right now. It appears as each depending on your vantage point and your perception.”
When a doctor came to get them two hours later, they were all exhausted by the wait. Doctor Vancour approached solemnly and settled in a chair opposite Charlie.
Pushing through the door at the side of the large revolving door, Castiel hurried towards the courtyard. When he found it, the small courtyard proved to be little more than a mown rectangle, no doubt only existing to provide extra window frontage for patient rooms. There were two small metal benches on either side. He set course immediately for the bench on the right.
“We’re good, Charlie. Cas has Rowena’s crystals. And he’s really been doing awesome at his healing pies. This is gonna work,” Dean said with more confidence that Castiel suspected he felt. Castiel appreciated the sentiment all the same. “Let’s get Cas there to scope everything out, and we’ll go from there. Rowena says those crystals should stay charged until we’re done tomorrow.”
Castiel stood at the kitchen island and closed his eyes. He spoke quietly, carefully in the quiet kitchen, hands outstretched to catch his creations.
The planchette swung towards the neutral center of the board again before sweeping down to the letters.
Castiel slid his hand down Dean’s muscled back, down to the curve of his ass. He cupped his palm around flesh. He pulled him in closer, found his lips, and kissed him sweet and deep.
“Glad to hear it,” Castiel wrote, wishing the tablet’s voice was anywhere near as grateful as he felt.
speaking aloud? Anxiety churned in his gut, and his mouth burned sour with every audible exhalation.
“Dean, what did you do?” Castiel demanded, fear clogging his judgment. The asparagus pie that dropped as he spoke shattered when it fell, the shell was so overbaked.
Dean’s eyes flashed. “Yeah. Yeah, I’m fucking angry. You knew how I felt and you gave that...you gave that to me. To my
Dean was looking beyond the archway, his gaze fixed on something just outside of Castiel’s line of vision. “Can we meet up with you later?” he asked. Channing and Kevin exchanged looks of unexplained significance before Kevin flashed a grin at Castiel.
Raising his arm high, he waved her over before turning back to the cityscape, letting her crunching footsteps close the distance between them.
“Okay. I’m not sure why you’re calling?” After another beat Sam said, “Actually, I’m not sure how you got my new number. I didn’t give it to my realtor.”
Dean immediately dragged him over to a long line in front of a big, blue-signed stall that read TOKENS. “I read about this. No money at the stalls,” Dean explained. “We buy tokens instead.” He jabbed his thumb behind them towards clouds of steam and smoke coming from a cluster of food vendors. “I’m starving. You don’t mind, do you?”
Castiel groaned and stomped off for a towel before he even had time to realize that what he felt was surprise, and not terror. Not this time. When he came back, he smiled slowly at Dean like he might a skittish animal. Gently, he spread the towel across the spill. Nearby, he could make out the edges of the bookcase through Dean’s legs.
“Dean,” Castiel said, holding up a cautioning hand at his caustic tone. One of the witch’s friends had pulled out something long and silver. Its center gleamed with blue fire, like lightning trapped at its core. Castiel didn’t think he wanted to see how it was used.
Castiel laughed and dropped his tablet back to his chest, the glowing screen becoming an outline against his shirt. The speech study had stretched through the rest of the summer, turning the season extraordinary. Once a week he went back to FutureTech and for one golden hour, he talked to Dean.
It was a soft kiss at first, too chaste for either of them. The soap bubble tension burst the moment Castiel felt Dean’s mouth relax against his, lips parting a fraction. Castiel loosed his hands from Dean’s belt and settled one in Dean’s hair to hold him close. The other slipped around Dean’s waist to smooth the skin of his lower back. A new ache took hold and Castiel rose against Dean, groaning against his lips as he felt Dean begin to strain against his own jeans.
“Can I taste it on you?” Dean wondered aloud. He moved in slowly, giving Castiel time to move away and Castiel gasped aloud, or it might have verged on something terribly close to a broken sob. He couldn’t move if he wanted to. His exhalation was like a spritz of honey mint on his tongue and then Dean’s lips were on him, moving, tasting him. Kissing him.
He might have started dozing there, leaning against Dean, when a body jostled him from the other side. “Hey Cas,” Charlie said, squeezing next to him on the bench. “You doing okay?”
“Is this every night for you?” Dean asked, acutely aware of the warmth of Castiel’s hands over his tunic.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “I mean I’ve watched this world for many, many years. I’ve seen species rise and fall. Of humans, I’ve seen civilizations die out and humanity nearly extinguished from disease or predators or each other. I used to wait for the end as something inevitable, hastened along by humanity itself. I’ve seen the world almost end, Dean.” He waited until Dean lifted his head to meet his eye, and he saw desperation there, and fear. Castiel risked Dean’s ire, so easily roused these days, and reached for his hands, closing them in his own. Dean’s fingers were cold, despite the fire, and he curled his hands into Castiel’s warmth.
Dean looked back sharply to see two guards dragging a bedraggled man out of the castle. The wretch held between them struggled feebly in their grasp, arms wrenched high like broken wings. He pled with them as they hauled him out in the yard. “Please, I’m so hungry and there is so much in the palace—“ The guards exchanged a glance, then together they tossed the man to his knees in the yard.
“You only think you’re ready, padawan. C’mon. You got that work email to send, right? And then we’ll get you some food and it’s movie time.”
Castiel mustered up the energy to flip her a thumb’s up. With Dean’s help (and muttered curses) he rose to stand next to Charlie again. Curiously, he blinked at the pie.
Again, his thoughts traveled towards the concept of Heaven. If a soul could exist on Earth, surely there could be more…beyond. And if there was a better life in the great after, Castiel had a duty to help Dean find it. Castiel knew this. He’d said as much to Dean time and time again. And yet, the books on spirituality and metaphysical transformation went unread. It was always too late, too early, too much to do. There was always tomorrow, after all.
“All quiet,” Castiel reassured him, sliding away to offer Dean space - always necessary in the morning, and doubly so these days. He lifted a partially unfolded map from where it lay on the seat on his other side. “I routed a course. It should keep us away from most major cities.”
Dean stared at Castiel’s long fingers poised on the keyboard before his gaze raised to look Castiel in the eye. “Charlie...she said you were cursed when you were just a kid. Why didn’t you tell me?”
The screen door creaked open and clanked shut with a metallic clunk. “Been waiting for you,” Castiel greeted Dean warmly, crooking his arm over the back of the swing and grinning.
He’d worked long hours recently. Too many hours, really. His days blended too well into the next; he felt like an automaton running on a punch card schedule. Castiel ran, sweat stinging his eyes and body singing his freedom, reminding him that he was still alive.
Inside, he was greeted by a three-story-tall lobby. A guard desk arched across the back wall like a reverse rainbow, blocking a hallway lined with closed elevator doors. Employees in casual attire settled on plush benches by the tall windows, computer screens tilted away from the light and heads bent in quiet conversation. Castiel brushed his fingers through his unruly hair and approached the desk.
Mag watched them slide out of the booth. Castiel still felt the burn of her gaze, and those of others in the bar, as they headed for the exit.
Castiel helped Sam to set the table, enjoying being caught in the tides of gentle ribbing that passed for brotherly affection in the Winchester household. He’d come from a large family and holidays had always been a whir of activity. With a child and a dog, plus four adults in a small home, Sam’s house had a certain amount of frenetic energy to it. But it didn’t feel like home to Castiel. Not the home he was used to anyway. It was
Castiel nodded and reached for Mrs. Middleton’s hand. Her fingers were cold under his own. He closed his eyes, and tried to reach through his gift to understand what she might need. He was acutely aware of his own heartbeat thudding out a rhythm through his veins and somewhere along the way, he got lost in it. Slowly, Castiel spiraled down. The sun, through his closed eyelids, turned the world as red as a poppy. He let himself fall into the steady rhythm of the ventilator as he tried to chase after the essence of Mrs. Middleton.
Castiel was jarred from his meditative gloom by the rooftop door banging open behind him. Swiveling from his view of the city, he saw a slim redhead pushing through the door.
Castiel grimaced in apology as he placed the pie he carried onto the counter. He’d used baking the pies for the Winchesters and Jody as an excuse to travel separately to Sam and Eileen’s house. On the other hand, Dean had spent the night, the better to spend the morning doing most of the cooking. But Castiel had needed space and time to prepare himself. He’d met Sam once before when Dean had brought him by Honey Pies, and the man had seemed nice. But it was an altogether different thing to overnight at somebody’s home. Castiel, despite the increasing amount of time he spent with Dean, still worried about slipping up and letting his secret be known.
Unable to wait, Castiel gathered both in his hand, grinning into the curve of Dean’s shoulder as Dean looped a leg around his hip, pinning him close and clutching at his ass to spread him wide against the chill of the room.
The buzzer rang again and he pushed himself upright, then fumbled in his pocket for his phone. It wasn’t there.
“You bought that place on a whim. You moved there and started a new job without even telling anyone? Cas, you know you could have stayed with me until you got back on your feet.”
Castiel should not have expected it, but a solid sense of inevitability settled over him when he watched Dean approach his truck again, a half hour before the official end of the food carts’ contracted time. Dean stalked across the lawn with greater purpose this time, an arrow shot straight to Castiel’s truck.
Dean looked smug. “Sure did. Me and my team, anyway. We’re still working out the bugs and have been for the better part of a year. It’s nice to have someone new to try this out on. You’ll help us catch what else we might’ve missed.” He leaned towards Cas with an engaging smile. “I’m guessing you’ll be a natural.”
There on the floor lay a brunette, her hair twisted in a tornado from the fight or fall. Around her neck, the bulge of a hex bag could be seen. “That’s her,” he said with dawning recognition.
“Sometimes when we’re out in the field I forget,” Dean said at last, leaning forward to pluck the lid off the cookpot and stir the increasingly fragrant stew inside. He tapped the spoon on the edge then sucked at it while he replaced the lid. “Me and Sam and Bobby used to go camp like this. Bobby was all about living light on the land. Lots of hikes. Fishing.” He sighed but it was still tinged with amusement. “He used to make me cart around the heaviest damn dutch oven. Solid iron. Made pretty good camp hash though. And he’d do this peach cobbler with canned peaches and this just-add-water biscuit stuff… Man, that was good after a long day.”
There were raised voices in the garden, mixing together into an unintelligible hash before one voice rose above the din, immediately silencing it. Castiel suppressed a desire to shudder. Lucifer’s voice, currently embodied by Sam Winchester, rattled the vast central room.
Instead, Crowley threw his head back and laughed. “Creative. I’ll give her that.” He picked up the little pecan pie, raised his brow questioningly, and when Castiel nodded he took a bite. He chewed it, made a face, then put it back on the table. “Pies. And not particularly good ones,” he said like he was identifying a character flaw. “Well. That is a new one.”
Before Charlie joined the Comm staff, Castiel had prepared most of the food for his truck in the very early hours of the morning, when the commissary kitchens were otherwise abandoned. He would create half his food traditionally, and the other half magically. His curse was potent and highly specific. When he spoke out loud, pies fell from his lips out of nowhere, out of air. He’d been creating pies that way for so long by then that he’d gotten careless.
been discomfiting. And yet he'd contributed his fair share of awkwardness to the conversation. He looked at his tablet and then glanced up again to meet Dean’s gaze. What could he say? What should he say? He didn’t know, so instead he flapped a hand at Dean like he was swatting a fly.
Castiel looked down at the card, realized he was crushing it between his fingers, and laid it onto the counter. Static filled his mind.
“I love you too, Dean.” Castiel climbed into bed beside Dean, folding them together into a tight embrace. The morning slid past with soft touches and soft words, and the timeline settled back into place with a soft rustle of feathers.
“Castiel,” Dean asked as both the dance and Castiel’s proximity turned him dizzy. “Am I under your spell?”
“You sell them. And based on what I’m seeing here--” She gestured to the pile of poorly made pies on the ground between them. “You’ve squandered it. You’ve no control over your words, or your mind if this is the result.” Her lip held a sneer. “So you want this ‘curse’ removed?” she asked flatly.
Now, with his vocal profile in place, he’d heard his own voice issue from the computer as he read the tablet. More importantly, Dean had heard it as well. It hadn’t been him speaking aloud but it was still...
They stood and held each other for a long time, long enough that adrenaline began to crash down and away and Castiel became aware of pain throbbing at his side and temple.
“Of course.” Castiel hefted himself up to stand. It didn’t feel odd anymore to agree to the suggestions of a ghost.
Castiel clapped a hand over his eyes but he was feeling too good to do more than laugh. “Asshole,” he muttered.
Castiel plastered on a smile. Too much time had passed in silence. “Can I interest you in anything?” he wrote pointedly.
Castiel smiled at him, exuding more confidence than lay in his thudding heart. “Who says I want that? I want you. I’ve wanted you. If you think anything’s gonna change that after all we’ve been through, you’re an idiot.”
Castiel gestured around them, encompassing the twinkling lights and teeming stalls before punching out on his tablet. “What exactly did you think to find here?”
“I looked out for him my whole life. That I can’t be there for him now. It’s killing me, Cas.” A lightbulb blacked out in a sharp
like a question, adding the rising inflection to the end that Castiel had only formed in his head. He laughed, a real, bright, apple-flavored laugh.
Until Anna had pressed her lips against him - against Dean - and then accused Castiel of lacking feeling.
Castiel and Charlie shuffled from the bench seat and made their way out into the sunshine. Charlie shuddered. “I’m never gonna get the stink of that bar off me,” she complained. After a beat, she said, “But don’t think I’m sitting this out. I’m here all the way, okay? I’m coming back with you.”
And if he got the words wrong, or sang off key?  What did it matter?  That would be even more annoying than a perfectly executed song.
“Where would be the lesson in that?  There should always be consequences to your actions.  Stop taking stupid chances with your life.”
Well, Dean hated to admit it, but Gabriel was one hell of a DJ – never mind how stupid he looked wearing that backwards NY baseball cap.  He read the mood of the room perfectly.  One song flowed into the next with scarcely a moment to take a breath, never mind time to switch partners.  Not that there was a lot of switching happening.  It seemed that almost everyone had paired off with their soulmate: reunited in Heaven at last, Sam’s arrival making the circle complete.
But they are also filled with half truths.  Because the love I felt for Dean transcended the bonds of friendship and family.  Because I loved Dean Winchester with a devotion deeper than any love I’ve ever felt for my Father.  Because the very nature of that love was forbidden – a blasphemy no angel should be capable of committing.  But I fell into it willingly, knowingly, wantonly...
“Sam was a given.  I didn’t need to worry about him anymore.  You, on the other hand...  What was I supposed to think when you didn’t show up?”
But the bartender was talking to an empty barstool.  Sam was already on his way out the door. He paused as he reached the tan-coloured Ford he had arrived in and, on a hunch, turned to try the door of the Impala instead.  It wasn’t locked, which raised the hair on the back of his neck.  Feeling around under the driver’s seat, Sam’s fingers touched metal and paper.  He pulled both out and stared at the objects in his hand.  The key to the Impala.  And a folded note.  Hands trembling slightly, he opened the note and read:
Dean’s face lifted from where it was nestled against the collar of Castiel’s trench coat, and he stared deep into the angel’s eyes.  “He’s right, Cas.  It’s always been you.”  Dean chuckled softly. “And I think you had the right idea too.  It’s easier to say something when you know you won’t be around to answer for it.”
“I think this room will suit us best.” Gene pointed to an outside corner at the back of the L-shaped building.  “Two windows, two routes of escape.”
The hunter toyed with the hilt of the dagger, drawing it from its sheath just enough to reveal dried blood on the silver blade.  Lamb’s blood.  The djinn had no doubt about that and a look of panic crossed his face.
So God edited this from the Gospels because He felt it took away from His Glory?  Because He is a homophobe?  Because it didn’t make for an acceptable story?
“That’s really none of your business.  I just need you to give me the dream I want more than anything else in this world.”
Quietly, he took stock of the situation.  He was alone, lying on a smooth floor.  At least he thought it was a floor, he really wasn’t sure.  It was flat and not terribly comfortable, and it was too dark to see if it actually existed, or if it was his imagination translating the unknown into something his mind could understand. The darkness pissed him off more than it worried him.  He literally couldn’t see a thing, not even the hand he waved in front of his face.
Sam climbed back out the window and made a mad dash for the Impala.  There was dream root in the trunk.  If there was a chance that Dean could still be reached, it had to be now.
I should have known then: where one brother goes, the other soon will follow.  But I was in a state of denial. I told myself that we had not yet run out of time, that things would be okay.  And for the brief span of day, it seemed that would be so. When Dean initiated sex for the first time in years, I willingly tumbled into bed, adoring his frail and wrinkled body with hands and lips that had never wearied of him, no matter what form housed his soul.
It was a double funeral.  A hunter’s funeral.  A glorious pyre that consumed their bodies and my shattered heart.  I’m not sure what was said at the service.  I know it was well attended by the many hunters and friends the Winchesters had met – and sometimes saved – over the years. I remember Claire was there.  She gave me a hug that I was too numb to truly feel.  She’d grown into a lovely woman.  No longer young.  Deep wrinkles creased the corners of her eyes and bracketed her mouth.
It wasn’t because Castiel was human – that didn’t bother him in the slightest. Angel or human, Castiel was an integral  part of his life.  It was Dean himself that was the problem.  He had tried to play catch up, had tried to absorb their history, but there were so many memories he couldn’t share in, because he had never lived them.
“Then haven’t we wasted enough time?  You and Jack are reshaping Heaven into the eternal reward that it should always have been.  Don’t you think you deserve to share in that reward too?”
Had a man, a stranger out walking his dog, not catcalled in amusement as he passed by, who knows how far the moment would have carried them away.
A puzzled frown creased the djinn’s forehead, but it cleared as Dean possessively laid his left hand on his forearm, just where a rolled up sleeve met bare skin.
“No.  Not really.  I had to assume human form so your pitiful brain wouldn’t explode, and this model just happened to be handy.”
Dean inhaled, ready to argue, but before he could, Castiel’s quiet voice rang through the air, temporarily drowning out Billie’s incessant hammering on the Panic Room’s door.
“There’s a layer of silver painted on my hand,” Dean drawled.  “Well, actually, just flecks of silver embedded in paint.  Expensive shit, but damned effective as a djinn restraint.  Protects me from absorbing your venom too.”
With the disappearance of The Empty, the light went out again.  Dean shrugged and sat back down on the floor next to Cas.  For a while he simply sat there doing nothing, but that got old fast.  And so he started tapping the fingers of his right hand on the floor, keeping time to the beat of the music playing in his head.  A stir in the darkness greeted this, and it suddenly crossed his mind that The Empty might steal Castiel’s body away, and he wouldn’t know that it was gone.  So he stopped drumming and picked up the angel’s lax hand, holding it tight, and not feeling quite so alone.
The sun was just coming up when Dean opened his eyes, pink tendrils of light creeping over the horizon, forerunners of what would prove to be a glorious sunrise.  An arm was casually draped around his waist.  A warm body curved against his back, spooning him from behind.  Hard-packed sand didn’t make for the most comfortable of beds, but Dean wasn’t complaining.  He wouldn’t trade this nest in the sand for anything, not even his beloved memory foam mattress – though he hoped to wake up there, in this manner, every day for the rest of his life as soon as they returned to the Bunker.
After the last vampire fell, Dean turned to Sam with a snarl on his face and, for a moment, Sam was more afraid of him than he had been of the vampires.  That look brought back too many bitter memories of a brother lost to the curse of the First Blade.  But then, as suddenly as it had appeared, the anger vanished.  Dean’s shoulders drooped.  His whole body sagged with the effort of keeping himself on his feet.  His face paled, drained of any expression save exhaustion – or so Sam had thought at the time.  But now, as his mind replayed the memory, he had to wonder.  Was it exhaustion or disappointment that had dulled Dean’s eyes?
And that is when he suddenly remembered what Castiel had said about the first time he escaped from here:  ‘I annoyed an ancient cosmic being, until he evicted me from The Empty’.
“Winchester!”  Gene hissed.  Clearly the hunter’s reputation had preceded him.  The djinn cringed and struggled to set himself free.  But, somehow, the grip on his arm prevented him from doing so.  This should not be.  He was stronger than any human.  Why, then, did he feel so weak?
“Fuck, fuck, fuck!” Sam chanted, attempting to shake the lingering traces of dream root from his mind so he could think more clearly.  He dropped his head in his hands, elbows braced on his knees, unknowingly copying the same defeated position Dean had taken when The Empty claimed Castiel.
“You.”  The doppelgänger opened the door and stepped into the hall. “There isn’t much time,” he said.  “Make his last few moments as good for him as I’d intended to.”
“No.  I feel as I have always felt towards you:  I love you, Dean.  But I knew you needed time to digest that unwelcome revelation.  I have been giving you that time.”
Suddenly, from within the Roadhouse, Elvis Presley’s 'A Little Less Conversation' began to blare at a deafening volume, the very walls throbbing in unison with the bass notes.
“There was only one thing I wanted you to know, and I told you at the end.  I’ll tell you again now.  I love you, Dean.”
Sometimes he heard an uneasy rustling sound in the distance, or the whisper of a disgruntled sigh.  He took that as all the encouragement he needed to continue.  It was amazing, really, how many songs he knew by heart.  They just kept rolling off his tongue.  And if he couldn’t think of something new to sing, he sang one he’d already sung.  Over and over again, he ran through his repertoire.  Over and over and over...
The inadvertent, quickly muffled gasp that escaped his lips was enough to alert the djinn to its danger.  Instantly, it whirled away from whatever it was hunched over and turned towards the window, a fierce snarl on its face.  As Sam shouldered the plywood aside and leaned into the room, the djinn sprinted for a second window and ripped those boards aside.  It was fast, there was no doubt of that.  But Sam was faster.  His gun barked once, twice, and the djinn fell to the floor.  Sam clambered through the window and nudged the fallen body with a cautious toe.
As far as places went, The Empty didn’t impress Dean.  It was too, well, empty.  Too quiet. As someone who had been to Heaven, Hell and Purgatory – not to mention more than a few parallel universes – he was used to being affected, even awed, by his surroundings.  But, The Empty?  It was anticlimactic at best.
Dean started off with Led Zeppelin, working his way from album to album, then switched to AC/DC for a change of pace.  The echo in this non-place made one hell of a backup choir.
“I will exterminate you for the pest you are if you don’t cease this infernal racket – and damned be the cosmic consequences.”
Their eyes met in the mirror, and the djinn’s smile widened. Without breaking their eye contact, he rose from his seat at a little table and sauntered up to the bar.  “Whiskey,” he informed the bartender, and inclined his head towards Dean.  “And another of whatever he’s having.”
“I’m looking for your new lair,” Dean snapped.  “A warehouse, a factory – whatever.  Some place where we won’t be disturbed.”
Scant inches separated them as they stood face to face, staring into each other’s eyes as they had done countless times before: green lost to blue, blue lost to green.  But, this time, it was easy for Dean to take the final step to bridge that forbidding distance.
I was the love of Dean’s life, but I was also his dirty little secret.  What was said and done remained solely between us.  I understood his reasons:  he did it to protect me, to protect what we had.  To keep our love safe we had to hide it away, bury it deep so no one could use it against us.  And, yes, this caused me considerable pain, but it was better than not having Dean at all.  That was the condition he imposed, you see.  Love on his terms... or no love at all.
“Oh, Dean...” Castiel sighed.  His shoulders sagged under the terrible inevitability of what he was about to say, but his gaze was steady and sure.  “Of course I’m in love with you.”
“You don’t know what you’re saying, Dean.  What did The Empty do to you?  I can’t be what you want.  It can’t be me.”
As curious as he was to find out what Castiel was like in bed, the thought having crossed his mind on more than one occasion in the past, Dean was hesitant to actually indulge in the experience.  The first day back ‘home’, he used heat exhaustion as an excuse to keep a safe distance.  They shared a bed that night, but Dean kept well over on his own side, and Castiel did the same, respecting the lie that Dean did not feel well.  The next day, Monday, Castiel hastened off to teach his classes, with only an absentminded brush of his lips against Dean’s forehead in farewell.  Dean called in sick to work and spent the day exploring the house they shared.  He leafed through papers and opened cupboards, taking inventory of their contents.  He picked up framed photos one by one, and stared at the strangers pictured there: strangers who wore his and Castiel’s faces.  A Christmas snap of them wearing silly Santa hats.  Trips to places he’d never been.  A wedding photo of the two of them gazing deeply into each other’s eyes.  That at least was familiar.  They’d done that a thousand times, though the open affection on both of their faces was something new.
Sam shook himself free of his reverie and crossed the room to Dean’s bedside table.  Picking up a hairbrush, he collected several strands of hair, yanking them roughly from the bristles.
It took the better part of four months and an ocean of downed whiskey, gin, vodka, beer – whatever was at hand – but it finally happened.  Dean glanced up, his gaze locking on the mirror behind the bar, and there he was: a nondescript, dark-haired man with ancient eyes.  When the light hit
Well, I did, of course.  But, then, I'm every bit as much of a misfit as they were.  And they recognized that in me.  Appreciated it.  Drew me into the close circle of their brotherhood.
Humanity had a good run.  I did my best to make sure this was so, but I have done all that is within my power.  Soon (in cosmic terms) the Earth will be no more, as its orbit inches ever closer to the sun.  Already it is an arid wasteland that stretches from pole to pole, devoid of plant and animal life.
A dark shadow formed in his peripheral vision, and when he turned his head his vision blurred, then sharpened again to reveal a shabby motel room, a monster bent over a prone figure lying on a stained mattress.
They didn’t come up for air for quite some time.  Even as their lips parted, their faces stayed close together, warm breaths mingling; forehead pressed to forehead in silent communion.
“I should call Sam,” Dean said eventually.  He patted himself down.  “Do you still have your phone?  I seem to have lost mine.”
After a few hours of unsuccessful searching, Dean found what appeared to be the perfect spot: an abandoned, boarded up motel; well off the beaten path, and suitably creepy looking in the fading light of day.
Dean attempted to sit up, and found himself too weak to do so. It took two tries, even with Castiel’s assistance.  Even then, his head spun and nausea churned his gut.
“Honestly? I didn’t know.  I guessed.  And you just confirmed it.  You were there when I arrived in Heaven too, weren't you?  You overheard my conversation with Bobby.”
And, just like that, they were kissing once again, all thoughts of bathroom needs and hunger swept from Dean’s mind.  All that existed was Castiel, his eyes, his lips, the telling bulge in his slacks saying that he was every bit as affected by the kiss as Dean was.
One after the other, Dean leading the way, they crawled through the window and stood gazing around the shabby, dirty room.
“We – I – almost lost you,” This information was delivered in Castiel’s usual stoic manner, but Dean detected a quaver underlying the words.  “I tried to heal you.  I thought I could, once you woke up from the dream, but you had waited too long...  There was nothing I could do.”
“I know.  And that’s on me.  But the walls in Heaven are down now.  Let’s lower the wall between us, too.  You are what I want and need.  You're the dream I dream.  Good things do happen, Cas.  I believe that now.  And I can’t think of a happier end to my story than sharing my afterlife with you.”
“Assume away, Cas.  We’re going to do this right.  A fancy room in the best hotel we can find.  Room service.  A nice hot shower.  A big, soft bed.  We’re going to hole up there and not surface till Sam comes knocking on the door.  Even then, we might have to let him stand out in the hall till we’re done doing all the things we want to do.”
Sam turned then to the pitiful figure lying on a filthy mattress in a corner of the room.  It was Dean, though he scarcely looked like the man Sam knew. There was no colour in his cheeks, his breathing was shallow, his heartbeat alarmingly slow.  Sam had encountered djinn victims before, of course, but he had rarely seen such an emaciated a body – not one that was still alive anyway.  It broke his heart to see his brother this way.  He seriously wondered if Dean could recover from this trauma – assuming he could be convinced to reject the dreamworld the djinn had created for him.
“What now?” he asked his unresponsive brother, his voice choked with emotion.  “Dammit, Dean!  I don’t want to lose you, but you’re not giving me much choice.  It would take a miracle to save you, and I...”
“1,653.5 miles,” he read aloud. “Twenty-five hours by car, and Dean already has a four day lead on me.”  He clicked though a couple of screens.  “I could hop on a plane to save on time... but I’d be poorly equipped when I got there, thanks to airport security checks.   Looks like I’ll have to drive it, and hope Dean hasn’t done anything too stupid.”
Quickly, he keyed the city name into his laptop, and sent a detailed street map to the printer, only to stand shifting restlessly from foot to foot as the machine seemingly printed in slow motion.
They parked the stolen car behind the motel, and covered it with brush to further conceal it.  They circled the building then, looking for a way in, but whoever had boarded up the place had known what they were doing.  With no loose boards to pry and no locks to pick, there was no way Dean could get himself inside.  Which meant a further delay to clear off the car they had spent the last half hour hiding, and driving to the nearest hardware store.
“I don’t think so, no. You’ve been hell bent on that as your hail Mary for years now. Just...hear me out, okay?” Castiel wasn’t quite ready to meet Dean’s baleful glare just yet and stared at the road as he talked. He told Dean about the prisoner he had found, and what Ketch had said about an artifact with the power to rip an archangel from his vessel.
Now, he refreshed the news far too often, and wondered how long he’d be trapped in his haunted house.
Castiel showed up to the FutureTech study a little sweaty and entirely sleep deprived. The city that morning had moved like a disturbed animal, its residents disgruntled at his counter and the greenery shifting menacingly in the wind like restless fingers. It had been a hell of a successful morning, though, with a steady stream of customers buying up tarts and delicately golden quiches kept preternaturally warm and perfect by the lingering trace of magic. He’d extricated himself from the downtown market a little early and had just enough time to settle his truck at the Comm and borrow Charlie’s car before it was time to go out to the suburbs.
Moving his hand back to Dean’s shoulder, Castiel gripped him and pushed until he toppled over onto the picnic blanket with a laugh.
The Empty’s torture is particularly cruel, like a shadowed Heaven. Or maybe being strapped to a chair in a movie theater with his eyes pinned open is a better analogy. Castiel’s life plays out like a reel across his eyelids. Even things he thought were long gone, dragged out of him with Naomi’s needle, keep him company in the dark.
He thought this quietly, kept it close like Dean might see if shimmering in the air between them. “What’s on for tonight?” he said instead.
“Dean!” Castiel sprang forward, only to find himself suddenly suspended in the air, his feet scrabbling uselessly for purchase.
“Please,” Charlie replied in a low voice. “You think I was born with the name Bradbury?” She paused at an open doorway, gesturing at them to stay back. A moment later, a nurse exited the room, pushing a cart of supplies.
They wreathed the room in fresh flowers and Rowena’s crystals, setting them on the floor, the windowsill, and every surface in the room that looked like it could bear weight and wouldn’t be in the way of the vital machinery keeping Charlie’s mother alive.
“So. Your boyfriend here,” Crowley indicated Dean and Castiel felt his skin heat, but Crowley seemed to take no notice. “Stopped by demanding to know where you were. He seemed to think I’d done something with you. Me!” His laugh was sharp and mocking.
Castiel reached back to grasp Dean’s hand and nodded firmly at him, still feeling half lifted from the earth.
He glanced towards the bare motel wall that separated their room from Charlie’s. She had been staying at this motel for the past week, preparing herself to say goodbye - or hello again, depending on the success of their endeavors. He hoped - oh, how he hoped that their plan would work.
“Sure, man!” the casual voice replied. “Go, go!” Then he swore. “Shit. No, hold on. Let me copy it over.”
Castiel hurled the bottle towards Lucifer and watched it shatter in the center of that crisp, white suit. Flames spread across Sam’s body like a blanket. Lucifer shrieked once. Twice. And then he was gone, disappeared into the folds of the universe to escape the holy flame.
The barrier was gone, along with the rowboat. Shattered wood littered the water at the base of the ship and above them, Castiel could hear shouting on the deck as the Men of Letters scrambled to raise their barrier again. A ladder was bolted to the side of the ship and they swam to it. Castiel pulled himself up with hands already stiff from cold, and wondered what they would encounter on board the ship.
Dean shrugged in reply, clearly done relaying information. He looked at Castiel, who understood immediately.
There was a sticker of a cartoon doberman next to it, edges worn gray. Maybe informal was how they did things here.
Castiel hauled himself upright. Shaking, he crawled across the floor to Dean, dreading what he would find there.
“It’s you,” Dean breathed as recognition jolted through him. Next to him stood a man wrapped in soft gold silk, a cloak pinned with an ice-blue jewel setting off his broad shoulders, and brocade as soft and delicate as petals tracing runelike patterns across his broad chest. He was clean-shaven, his dark hair elegantly tousled. All of these details should render him unfamiliar, but his eyes - those blue eyes and that steady, penetrating gaze - those were unmistakable.
She whisked away the bottle as quickly as it appeared, a twitch of her eye the only indication that she acknowledged it. “A good start. That’ll get you in the booth,” she warned. “Mag’ll broker her own bargain, you understand?”
“Yep. Whatever poor S.O.B. lived here totally saved our asses by closing this door before they did a Kool-Aid man out the window. Sheets are a little dusty but it’ll work pretty damn well for tonight. Come on and help me with the shelves in here.”
Dean pulled up to the curb, as smooth as anything, and Castiel saw that the front seat was empty. Kevin and a woman sat in the back seat, Kevin’s arm slung casually across her shoulders. “Hey, Cas!” Dean called, arm slung over the wide bench seat.
It would be one thing if Dean were just attractive. That heat, in Castiel’s experience, faded over time and exposure. But Dean had proven to be wickedly smart, constantly enthusiastic, and terribly gentle with Castiel as he navigated the Lyrebird and endless rounds of software updates.
Castiel listened to her soberly, fearfully, and tried to prevent any of his sorrow from showing on his face. She didn’t need the burden of his feelings.
“Your brother isn’t here. I don’t know where he is,” Castiel said, watching the ghost carefully. “I tried to reach out to him but…” It was Castiel’s turn to shrug.
Dean scowled. “Some day I’m gonna walk into a room and remember why I went in there,” he groused, clumping his cane onto the decking.
Dean has a way of saying his name, that manages to layer meaning onto it until the shortened nickname becomes heavy and falls to the ground between them. This time, it’s gentle. Almost playful. Castiel rolls his eyes, rolls his whole body, and turns. “What?”
The surrounding gym was a distant concern. Castiel ran in a fog, muscles protesting, lungs burning, while he tried to outrun the fear that gripped him when he thought about showing Dean his curse. Would Dean accept it, tolerate it? Or would he repudiate Castiel because of his long-ingrained dislike of magic.
He’d been selfish, Castiel could see that clearly now. He had been focused on freeing himself from the curse for so long that he had forgotten what could happen when people intersected with magic. The upshot of it was, nothing good
Dean’s lopsided grin was gentle, but tinged with rosy relief. “Gonna miss you too.” He reached across the trash can and cool electricity grazed Castiel’s shoulder. “You look me up someday.”
When Castiel woke the next morning, it was to an unrelenting buzzing sound in his ears. Groggy and feeling utterly wrung out, he fumbled to grasp where he was and what he was doing. He was home. He was alone. He was...lying with his face smashed ungracefully into a cushion.
She was unmistakable, even after all these years. She still dressed all in black, with a long, sweeping gown stirring the snow and what appeared to be a terribly thin shawl slung around her shoulders. She was tall, with sharp features and a flowing mane of hair that would make a fairy jealous. Castiel couldn’t be entirely sure if she’d aged a day since they’d met.
“Dean, what if there’s a reason you’re here and not with Sam? What if you’re trapped in this house? Tethered to it? This says it can be something small. Something you can hold. With a piece of...a piece of you in it.“
to dance.” He began to trace his fingers down the stitching across Dean’s shoulders and the brace of his chest. To his hips.
“Fuck deserve.” Castiel raised his head then, to let Dean soak in his hard, bright look. He watched him - watched him flinch at the scrutiny. Castiel saw him - strong and bright and trying so hard - and tried to beam back all he saw into Dean again. “I’ve been doing some reading,” he started again. “And maybe I found a site that doesn’t read like complete bullshit.” Castiel held it in front of Dean.
Once inside, Dean woke enough to pull Castiel close. “I’m glad you came,” he said quietly, leaning in to dust a tired kiss across his lips. “Wouldn’t have been the same without you.”
“Every gift has its price,” Amara muttered darkly. “Yours is your voice. I’m not sure if I can undo it, to be honest.”
The rooms toward the center of the building showed evidence of being lived in, with fresh trash balled up on tables and areas where the dust hadn’t had an opportunity to settle. A contingent of Lucifer’s soldiers were stationed here, long term by the looks of it.
“I don’t—“ Castiel edged further away from the ghost, remembering the wind that had torn apart his living room. “If he is, I don’t know how to reach him. Is there any way you can just…fly to him?” He flapped a hand around like a wild bird.
His fierce look must have convinced Dean because he said, “Okay, but we can stop any time. I’m gonna settle this in place and then we’ll have you run through some test words to calibrate it to you. It’s still a rough design. I’m gonna level with you, the company’s more excited about the software’s prospects for AI speech than devices like this. But I hope we can get a product on the market in a few years.” He jerked his chin at the computer. “And something that’s a little more mobile, you know? Can you imagine carting around this computer on your back all the time?” Castiel forced himself to smile at Dean’s weak joke.
Castiel blinks. Shakes his head. “That’s not what you said here,” he reminds his memory of Dean - himself, he supposes. “You—“
titled the lengthy page. “It’s good stuff. I think it’s got a way to help you, you know... Cross over?”
The beggar nodded slowly, hissing as he slowly flexed each joint. “Thank you,” he said slowly. “For your help. Most people wouldn’t.” He looked up and beneath the grime and blood, Dean was momentarily struck by his sharp gaze, which seemed to cut under his skin knife-quick.
? That would’ve been really fucking useful to know.” There was a pause, like Dean was searching for words. And then he was shifting towards the door, hand on the handle. “Pull over.”
A tall wood-and-wire fence surrounded the town like a sprawling dog pen, as tall as two grown men standing on each others’ shoulders. Makeshift sentry posts dotted the fence line, some of them clearly adapted from simple metal construction scaffolding, others poorly constructed piles of junk.
Gaze burning, Castiel blew out a frustrated breath. “Oh hell,” he muttered. “Just in case it’s the last time, I’m gonna take it.” Tugging hard at Dean’s hand set Dean off balance, and then he was falling forward into Cas.
Castiel repeated the information he’d garnered from Ketch, regretting now that he hadn’t taken the time to get more specifics from him. There hadn’t been time, coming up against the ticking time bomb of the general assault on the compound.
“Now that you’ve signed our non-disclosure agreement, we’d like you to watch this to get a feel for our process and product. And then we’ll start gathering your biometric data after that.” Castiel slipped into the chair and she paused beside him, face still open and friendly as though to say,
“You should go,” Castiel said. “Your princesses will leave soon and you must go with them.” He raised a hand, and an attendant materialized from the hedgerow, holding the gray cloak over her arm. Castiel shook it out and wrapped it around Dean’s shoulders.
“A bad dream?” A sigh of wind cooled the sweat on Castiel’s skin and Dean was suddenly just a foot away, sitting with his legs crossed on Castiel’s mattress. His features were clearer now, semi-solid form limned by moonlight.
The guard who had been training a gun on Dean had stepped back, her weapon dropped away from her employer. Dean reeled backwards with a grunt and Castiel acted on pure, stupid instinct.
. And he didn’t like it. Except that he sort of did. There was something intense about the other man’s gaze that seemed to mark Castiel as special. As fascinating even. As they stared at each other, the other man swallowed hard and pushed the tip of his tongue out to wet his lips.
Castiel responded to the urgency, the desperation layered under the request. He lit the bracelet on fire, dropped it into the trash can, and watched flame curl and lick away the fine threads.
“You gotta be gentle,” Dean said, a cool breeze over his shoulder. “Hold it like this.” Dean guided their hands to the side. “And then you slide the knife.” Together, they carefully sliced into the avocado, making neat quarters. “You skin ‘em, we’ll bread ‘em, and then we’ll fry ‘em,” Dean said with gusto. “Trust me, these make the best burritos.”
After a moment, Castiel shook himself, stepping back into the shadowed depths of the truck again. It was fine to feel these things, to let attraction swamp his senses for a few dumb moments. Because that’s all they were. Moments.
After his encounter with the beggar Castiel, Dean refused food and drink, alluding to the waiting gallows to explain his poor appetite. At dinner, he tipped his goblet to soak his sleeve, and dropped his food to the floor bite by bite. Now, he wondered if only he and the princesses remained awake. Rustling silks and the echoing sound of new shoes tapping along the floor in the chamber beyond betrayed them.
Castiel shook his head, sliding the three pies carefully into a line on the counter before typing quickly, “My schedule changes.” He pointed at the sheaf of business cards he kept in a plastic display by the napkin dispenser.
Castiel groaned. But it would be the first time leaving Dean. Leaving Charlie. He stared at his broken screen, thumb rubbing along the cracks, and thought about it all. Charlie might miss him, if she ever came back from her top secret trip. And Dean? Could he ever forgive Castiel?
Dean woke before the sun rose, though dawn was on its way. The world surrounding them was gray and cold and all around them grasses whispered like waves.
Castiel unhooked the strings of holiday lights from the canopy of his truck feeling well satisfied. The Hooper Street market was no Night Market, with blocks and blocks dedicated to commerce and magical revelry. This was just a two block neighborhood market, but with a growing reputation as a destination for purchasers of magical goods. The hand-made pies, cookies, and tarts went over well, but the true star of the evening were the pies he made by magic.
Castiel waved at the car’s occupants as he slid into the passenger seat, the Impala creaking a welcome as he settled in. Dean gestured towards the back seat. “You remember Kevin. And this is his girlfriend, Channing.”
Charlie started forward, apparently more confident with their odds than Castiel felt. Castiel swallowed and followed her back to the dark, high-backed booth the tall woman had indicated.
Castiel enjoyed a deep and all encompassing eye-roll, unappreciated by anyone except perhaps his resident ghost. If the ghost was real, that is, and not a product of his own stressed imagination. “I’m fine,” he protested. “And I don’t need a...a game. These things are a hoax. You know that, right?”
The fiddling act ended with an enthusiastic flourish and a smattering of applause, and those fairgoers who had paused to lean against the little tables interspersed through the crowd around the bandstand began to drift away for more liquor from the nearby stall, or to disappear into the fair
Castiel groaned sympathetically, tasting cardamom. He raised himself onto his toes and reached over his own counter, fishing a paper sheet from the box near the register. He snagged a bright orange flower cookie, his signature sugar bee perched on a petal, and brought it over to Alicia. He presented it like a trophy.
When he first moved to Maltese he’d traveled light, ready to move. Now, he was heavy, burdened with possessions.
“And you can’t tell me? Isn’t that better than a leg cramp?” She pressed her hands to the floor and bent her knees before toppling onto her rear. She laid on her back with her shoulders lax. “Blegh.” Her face was flushed red and she had that irritated, rumpled look she always wore after exercising. Castiel softened at it and he tapped her splayed leg before returning to the tablet.
It had been years since Castiel had spent time awaiting news in a waiting room, but little seemed to have changed. They settled in the soft, gray room, which was stocked with old magazines and a child’s bead-track toy that had seen better days. While they waited, Castiel let Dean ply him with coffee and snacks from the little shop in the lobby until his hands stopped shaking. Charlie refused food, chewed on her nails, and hunched over the pie in her lap. Her eyes were wide and her gaze very distant.
Dean shutters instantly, all warmth falling away. Once again he’s terrified and angry and Castiel knows he’s about to break him as soon as he walks through that door alone. Dean’s hand falls away from Castiel’s cheek like it was never even there and he turns and walks in to confront Alastair, figure swallowed by nothing.
Castiel picked at the rubber edge of the tablet cover, trying to think of something to say. “I should tell you about this cute guy I met at the FutureTech gig,” he finally wrote. Thinking about Dean filled him with delightful, if useless fizz - the perfect remedy to distract them both from their morose moods.
“It’s not a...great part of town.” She grabbed her phone and mapped the location of the bar, before handing it back to Castiel.
Ketch’s gaze dropped to it and he lifted his lips in a cracked smile. “But I see you have other plans.”
“I tried to reach him,” Dean said, sill buried in memory. “He was crying. I had to try. Blew the shit outta the kitchen. Plates, glasses, friggin’ knives and forks everywhere. I— I couldn’t stop.” He looked pleadingly at Castiel. “I couldn’t stop.”
“You bring more of that good stuff and I’ll see you’re treated very well in the future.” She looked between them. “You’re fighters, I can see that. And you’re strong. We’re in need of that here, but I don’t think you’re the sort to settle down.”
Castiel blinked hard and his breathing changed as sudden panic gripped him. He pressed a hand to the cooler sheets outside of his sleep-made cocoon and pulled himself up to peer around the room. “What—?” His mouth felt dry. Awful. Castiel swallowed, licked his lips, and tried again. “What are you doing here?”
“We don’t have to be enemies,” Castiel murmurs to the close heaven, and the souls teeming the firmament, and the world below. “Maybe we can be friends.” He thinks of Dean’s steady gaze, his righteous anger, and it feels right.
“I bought a lot of kale,” he admonished the air. “Because I’m feeling a little starved for green things. I’d better not find it shredded all over the kitchen like I did a few months ago. Do ghosts
“It’s fine,” Castiel said, though it did still sting. Dean reached for him, grasping his fingers and pulling up his hand gently. He turned Castiel’s wrist and laid a kiss on his palm. The gentleness in the gesture was almost more than Castiel knew how to endure. He closed his fingers around Dean’s hand and pulled him closer, pressing a kiss to Dean’s lips and sighing against his mouth. He was exhausted, hungry and sore from the day but kissing Dean brought back a spark of vitality that was unparalleled by any other restorative Castiel had ever tried. The hardest part - facing Lucifer again - was yet to come. But for now Castiel let the pleasure of temporary success warm him. “Come on,” he said gently. “Time to get going.” He stepped away, tugged at Dean’s hand, and smiled as Dean followed.
He leaned into Dean, leaned into the kiss, and turned it into something heavier. Deeper. Sometimes words weren’t necessary.
Castiel had rarely had occasion to enter a hospital, enjoying a relatively healthy life and suffering enough distance from family that he’d never needed to visit anybody. He was therefore entirely unprepared for the system of access-controlled doorways and screening desks set up like an obstacle course beyond the entrance.
“Eternal tickle fight. Bold move.” The wind dropped as Castiel moved towards the door, the bracelet in hand.
“Damn if I know. But yeah. That’s the theory.” Together, they pulled a metal trash can from the bathroom and a box of matches from the kitchen. Castiel propped open his back door for air flow, and knelt on the cool tile just inside the doorway. Tears ran down his cheeks, his chin, his throat. They were unstoppable, or maybe it just wasn’t worth it to try. He looked at Dean for a long moment, the box of matches in his hand. “Gonna miss you.”
Mag nodded. “I’ve been up and down these lakes,” she said, matter-of-factly. “There’re a couple boats that go beyond guns to keep ‘em safe. This a big ship? Little?”
For the first time in days, bitter cold spread like a blanket across the room. The hairs on the back of Castiel’s neck stood up and a shiver threatened to shake him down to his fingertips. He realized he was holding his breath and exhaled sharply. His breath misted over the computer.
As they rushed out the door with coats unbuttoned and hats askew, Castiel felt hope rise up like a souffle. Today, he’d finally confront the witch.
“Um. Right.” Castiel set his cooled pizza plate on the couch cushion next to him and reached for the remote control.
“Yeah, well, that’s how I do things.” Dean aimed a middle finger towards the ceiling. “Get used to it, bitches.”
“No deal,” Dean says, his eyes wide and earnest when they look at Castiel, sharp when they trace Meg. “Well, not that kind of deal anyway.” He fishes into his pocket and draws out a blood-red amulet. Holding it up he says, “This is it. Death’s reward. Take one and call me in the… Well, never call us again if you know what’s good for you.”
Dean pulled back, then tapped a delicate cord crossing over Castiel’s brow. Castiel stopped breathing as Dean’s touch lingered for a moment. Dean surveyed his setup critically. “Okay, I’m gonna turn this on and get some resting readings, and then we’ll work through some exercises.” Dean flicked a switch behind Castiel’s ear.
Dean lay pale and bloody on the floor. A trickle of red marred the corner of his mouth and he didn’t move. Castiel was too far away to see if he was breathing and he tried to tamp down sudden, welling despair.
Castiel decided as he pretended to have absolutely no interest whatsoever in his very attractive boyfriend and every interest in the story he was listening to about bunion care.
He felt himself blanch, then shook his head sharply before handing her phone back and typing, “You’re not going there. Too dangerous.”
“I know,” Castiel soothed. “It’s going to be hard. But I’m gonna be here. I’m not going anywhere. I’ll help you back to the surface, Dean. Back to me.”
Dean fisted a hand in Castiel’s hair and drew him up. That was better, and Castiel groaned as they pressed more fully against each other, shirts knotted over chests and under arms.
“Bullshit,” Dean said with a gentle laugh. “You are absolutely full of shit. You were there today disguised as a beggar. And why? For fun? To lure me down here? Or to help me?”
Dean followed the princesses through a sprawling green lawn and up the white steps of the palace. Music billowed inside the castle, filling the halls. But now, he could hear the hum of talk, of laughter. The princesses floated to the ballroom, flanked by their escorts.
Weeks ago Castiel had finally converted his second bedroom into an office. As the pandemic lumbered on, he ordered a desk and a chair and an actual home printer. That afternoon, he’d printed off a report so he could lay it out across the floor, get down on his knees with a pencil, and work the presentation into something better. One of the sheets had wafted out of the stack and sifted lazily through the air - only to slot itself perfectly into the gap between the wall and the baseboard.
Castiel didn’t bother to respond to that, though he added another check mark to his own internal list of grievances against the world. “The demons have been holding you captive. Why?”
He thought about pulling back and using his tablet, but he needed to say this while the ideas were raw. “I understand if you want out,” he said. “Now that we know there might not be a cure.”
When they finally broke free of the mass of diseased humans forming Lucifer’s last guard posted around the city, Castiel still drove like a madman. He arrowed the Jeep down the nearly empty highway, the city transforming towards open residential streets and sprawling, silent subdivisions.
Castiel rolled his eyes and released her hand emphatically. Charlie laughed at him. “Come on! The internet says it’s real, so it must be true. Just get yourself in one of those rowboats on Gregor Pond in the park there, insert singing frogs, one Dean Winchester and… Bam. Curse lifted.”
Castiel snatched his tablet and contributed, “Is our relationship based on pie? I’ve yet to try a pie he hasn’t liked.”
The sea port town of Silver Creek was technically on Castiel’s maps, but the physicality of its boundaries and extent of its fortifications were far too new to have made it onto anything printed.
Inside, the bar felt just as grim as earlier in the week. Shadows fell across the windows at the entrance, not cast by anything in particular but simply as though light didn’t feel like touching the surfaces there. A different set of lackeys loitered at the end of the bar and stared at them intensely as they approached.
Time once again had no meaning beyond blood and the shrieking of mortal bodies as the end of the world ground them up.
And yet he’d stood and rung the buzzer repeatedly. That didn’t seem like the action of someone who wanted to just hurl Castiel’s possessions at him and leave. Maybe - just maybe Dean had come looking for Castiel. Maybe he wanted to talk.
“Yeah!” Dean said with a little shake, wrenching his gaze from Castiel to the pies. “Let’s see. Can I get a couple? You got a limit?”
Castiel nodded shortly, and he and Dean walked towards the next side street rolling off the Market. Unlike the southern gate, this street’s barrier was marked only by a line of portable bathroom stalls dangling a little ways off the main street and a cluster of bicycles chained to a nearby streetlamp.
He nodded. A project was something he could control. It was quantifiable, with a goal at the end, and steps he could work into a list of tasks.
Castiel realized belatedly that he hadn’t replied and some time had passed in silence, their boots brushing against low-sprawling ivy. “I miss it too. TV,” he clarified. “It gave me something else to think about.”
His finger placed on Castiel’s pulse point felt like static. For that matter, Castiel’s mind felt like static. He couldn’t move, frozen into the moment, and his flagging erection pulsed.
Castiel stopped. A voice emanated from the computer speakers. It wasn’t his voice by any stretch, but Castiel had spent enough years relying on a synthesized voice that this didn’t surprise him. What shocked him is that the words were correct. He felt like he’d just pretended to do something substantial, like mime baking a cake, only to find an actual cake sitting in front of him.
If Castiel spent a little too long watching his swaying departure, lost in a maze of regret and relief, nobody else needed to know.
“Otherwise I’d have to ghost wrestle you for it,” Dean tried to joke, drawing his mouth into a half smile. “Tickle fight you for it?” he suggested as Castiel rose to his feet.
Dean poked under Castiel’s arm at the pizza, his fingertip disappearing into the crust. “When was the last time you had something that wasn’t takeout, or out of a can?”
At that, Crowley brightened like a pleased child. “That is true,” Crowley crowed. “I am rather adept at it. But this one. This...witch. Dark hair, gorgeous, totally abso-fucking-clueless?”
Dean pondered the kiss and the kingdom above and below, the sway of the princesses traipsing ever upward, their shoes in ruins. He thought about his brother’s bright inquisitive mind. And he knew where duty lay, and need. And now he knew where want lay as well. He hesitated just outside the mouth of the hatch, with the pieces of gilded wood screaming inside the cloak. And then he took one step - two - and was through.
He squeezes his eyes shut, turning his focus back to the throbbing and the ache of his body as he lies on the cold, stone floor, two separate manacles encasing both his wrists and his ankles. He’s in the same cell Castiel was strung up in, although he hasn’t been. He supposes they don’t deem him as much of a threat.
And it's that look in Joren's gaze, that surety that finally lets him breathe a little better for the plan has succeeded. Castiel and the allies will be long gone by now, Joren's arrow perfectly placed to puncture the many thick layers worn by Castiel but not to pierce anything fatal.
Dean stares at him a moment longer before swallowing. “You will make a great king, Sammy. I believe it now. I’ve believed it always.”
It’s enough, apparently, for he’s placed back into his normal shackles and escorted back to his cell. The prisoners cheer at the sight of him. Salicar locks him back up, chained by the neck and takes the shackles off his feet before closing the cell and leaving, the other guards trailing behind him.
“Wow,” he sniffs, standing and making sure he’s looking Castiel straight in the eye when he says, “Guess you really are as cold-hearted as they say.”
Something flickers in Patrus’ gaze, something amused and cruel. “It would make sense that you would think that way. You are Leuric’s blood after all. Because you know the story, don’t you? Leuric fell in love with a mortal man. Mortal man’s brother’s heart was poisoned by one of my demons. Mortal man sold their soul in exchange for their place in the underworld. And of course, when Leuric found out, when Leuric found out I’d done it to more humans than just that one, they weren’t forgiving.”
.” Dean’s shoulders sink. “It’s okay. Sometimes certain things…they remind me.” He gestures loosely to his scars and Dean’s eyes flash with understanding.
He goes back to opening up the latest box of books they've received, occasionally sneaking glances over to the boys. They speak in hushed tones, the older boy pointing towards the counter and - actually, it seems to be somewhat of an argument. Castiel wonders what it could possibly be about. This is a bookstore after all. Surely nothing to get too heated over. A few minutes later he watches as the younger boy finally gives in, sighing and makes his way over to the counter.
Dean rises from the floor, making his way over to sink down beside the bed and fiddles with the loose plank. It comes away easily and he reaches inside to pick the journal out, just as heavy as he remembers.
He lets his eyes open, spots the dagger, hovering in mid-air before him. When he looks behind it, his chest clenches in horror.
"And then," he stares into the fire, palms clammy at even the hint of the memory. "They began to make piles. So, it would be easier to burn us."
“So, if you don’t mind me asking,” Castiel says, dragging a chair across to sit beside the bed and dropping down on it, “what happened?”
They have won. Everyone knows it. Everyone saw the souls. And many saw the demon themselves, well and truly dead whilst Castiel is well and truly alive. He has saved the world from falling into the underworld. And yet, there is no celebration.
Dean finally appears to believe him for he nods and before Castiel knows it, those strong arms are around him once more, pulling him in close but this time Dean presses his face into the side of Castiel’s own so his breath tickles his skin as he speaks.
Castiel doesn't respond for a moment, eyes shining in the light of dawn. Shining with something better than what lay there before. Hope, perhaps.
Castiel’s heart swells but at the back of his mind he knows that going to prom would just be inflicting torture on himself.
“So, this is what you were dreaming about?” Dean asks, a smirk now plastered across his face, his confidence not gone for long. Castiel laughs again.
The boy doesn’t laugh today. But the look in his beautiful blue eyes is enough to make Dean realise that he is falling for the blue eyed boy.
“I’m unsure of their real names in Enochian but there were two gods who created the world together, the God of Light and the God of Darkness. When the angel’s moved to Torrin, they took up the native tongue here and used our own names for them, Leuric for the God of Light and Patrus for the God of Darkness. They created humans and to balance the world put in place a paradise, an in between and an underworld.”
And he doesn’t care who sees. Doesn’t care who knows. For in that moment, all he can do is collapse forward into Dean, arms pulled in close to his own chest as though he’s protecting himself, before he sinks to the ground.
“No,” Castiel says, and Emery finally looks beside him to see the man. It’s the first time he’s seen him smile. “Something else.”
“Oh, they were. Don’t you know the story?” it sneers. “Of how they made the angels fall. All for the love of some mortal!”
“I heard you’re not afraid of beatings,” the prince says with a huff, as if unbelieving. “So, if I give you another one you probably won’t learn anything from it, is that right?” Dean’s voice is low and smooth, commanding and self-assured. Too self-assured for Castiel’s taste but the voice of a prince nonetheless.
“Didn’t realise you were such a nerd,” Dean says, turning to see Castiel filing through his closet. Castiel flicks his eyes over his shoulder before he rolls his eyes.
His father makes an entrance and an announcement towards the end of the night and by the time he does, Dean is ready for sleep but continues to indulge the ladies that approach him. Leda, thankfully, noticing his exhaustion, sweeps him away and with a swift farewell, Castiel and Dean make their way back to their rooms.
Dean huffs, crossing his arms over his chest. "Nothing. He didn't do anything. It was stupid. But you know what my father is like, he hates him."
“Dean?” he says, as he stares into those green eyes – unfocused and glazed over now and-- “Dean! Dean, just stay with me!”
He can feel it building inside of him. That same old impulsiveness and rage. He wants to do something. Hit something. Scream something. But all he can do is slide down into the dirt and let his head fall back against the side of the house, eyes slipping shut.
And Castiel’s a good kisser, holy fuck. Everything else is forgotten – the bet, his friends being fucking voyeurs, the fact that none of this is real – because Castiel’s kissing him like he means it and so Dean grips tight and hopes it will last.
The way he appeared to believe that Castiel could be an angel despite his lack of wings. Was is because Dean sounded so sure? Or perhaps it was because he already knows something that would incline him to believe in the possibility. But Castiel’s wings aren’t anything special. Well, they are, but Castiel is the only one that has them. Isn’t he?
But Castiel’s only met him once. And never known anyone that’s had a close relationship with the man. He appeared charming and kind when they had met, the man two years his elder, when his family travelled here to ultimately sign him away for good. But that could all be a false act.
His heart tugs a little as he wanders on. It reminds him of home. Of Iowan and it’s purple sunset. It reminds him of the camp too, of course, but it’s just not the same. The freedom and joy and happiness he felt in Iowan, although only felt in the few months once his wings were healed and he was able to finally explore his beautiful city, was something he can’t describe.
Then, Castiel blinks and Patrus disappears and reappears right in front of him in one last act of strength.
With barely a creak from the floorboards, Castiel leaves his chambers, closing the door softly behind him.
“Cas,” Dean breathes, small and soft. “Look at me.” Castiel blinks, meeting Dean’s eyes – only a few inches away. “It’s alright. Let’s just get you to your chambers.” Dean’s eyes are piercing – knowing. His hand tightens on Castiel’s wrist. It blisters.
Mary looks at him a little strangely, as if trying to figure something out – perhaps how on earth he ended up nearly falling to his death off a cliff but she doesn’t ask.
way Dean has seen out of him so far. He doesn’t think – he knows Castiel did this to get a rise out of him. And maybe it will. His hands clench behind his back.
“I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to startle you, Dean.” Cas says, quickly turning in the lamp on his bedside table. Dean’s chest is heaving and there are too many thoughts swimming around in his brain about what just happened. Only a second later and everything clicks. Oh no. Cas probably heard everything.
, Castiel thinks, but doesn’t dare speak it. As painful as it is to serve under the prince, he can’t be thrown back in the dungeons to rot.
"If we’re to comfortably make it to the north east sentry point by the time they appointed, we’ll have to leave tonight," Castiel says.
Everyone turns to stare when Castiel enters the meeting room behind Dean – news must have spread about the festival. Dean wonders what he’s thinking – whether Castiel cares about their stares at all. At least his father isn’t here. He doesn’t want to live through that again.
He turns to leave when, “Castiel, I...” His voice is soft, almost a whisper but when Castiel turns to look at him, his brother just stares ahead, unable to meet his gaze, unable to say anything.
“Thank you, Catharlo. You’re a good man.” Catharlo smiles politely and nods. “Would you be able to do it again tomorrow night? He will only be staying in there for one more.”
“How about this. One more hour and then we can go home and you can do what ever you want with my stupid, ugly Christmas sweater.”
“I would let me go now or--” Dean screams out in agony just as Castiel drops a piece of metal to the ground. Even with his screaming, Castiel can tell all of the other men have gone silent.
He wants to shove the guards off, he wants to throw Dean to the ground and pummel him over and over until he’s black and blue.
“And what are these for?” He grabs the handles of two kettle bells from where they were stashed in the corner. “I thought we were at a running track not a gym – wait, check this out.” And then suddenly Dean’s planting them back on the ground next to the wall and kicking his legs up into a handstand on top of them.
The guard in front of him only hesitates for a moment before stepping forward with a small jab. Castiel swiftly moves back, light on his feet. The guard narrows his eyes before trying again, harder this time. Castiel jumps backwards again, landing gently on his toes. The guard’s chest visibly rises and falls and a second later he lurches forward into Castiel’s space, raising his sword and swinging it down. Castiel darts to the side, his own sword coming down hard on the man’s wrists, causing him to drop his sword to the ground. The guard’s momentum carries him a few steps forward right into where Castiel’s sword waits, hitting him squarely in the chest. His knees crumple, falling down into the brown grass.
Castiel watches them, gripping his swords tight and then with his chest tight, jumps forward, ready to deliver the blow.
Suddenly, Castiel’s mouth is very dry and his eyes appear to love the patch of dirt beneath his feet because he certainly can’t tear them away to meet Dean’s own. “Um… I was just wondering, if the offer still stands that is, I would like to… go on that date with you.”
“It’s okay,” Dean says, tilting his head to search for those blue eyes. “You’re allowed to be angry. At me, at everything. So, be angry.”
“I promised I’d come back, didn’t I?” Dean whispers, only for the two of them. It’s only then that Castiel realises the audience they have and pulls away, wiping at his eyes to regain some composure.
“It demanded an explanation. And all I could do was speak. I told them the child the prophecy speaks of – they already have the wings. I saw it in its eyes when I spoke it. Felt it too in it’s tightened grip about my neck. It was angry. It was…furious. And then…” She trails off, eyes hesitant. “Then I said something that to this very moment, a decade past, I still do not know if I should have.”
And some strange part of him wants it back. Because all that pain, all that anguish, it doesn’t compare to the ache of his heart now.
Dean slumps down on one of the wooden chairs she has in her office, Charlie leaning against her desk.
And he’s beautiful. Probably one of the most beautiful men Castiel’s ever seen. There’s been far too much on his mind to really notice but it’s true. His hair is a little wild, tan skin peeking from under his collar and his figure is fit and strong.
Castiel nods. The Southern Continent has many religions to choose from. “Now you see there? Those three stars that form the head of an arrow?”
However bad it has been, however, Reyne knows that Sam’s presence and speech to the people of what had happened in the gentlest words and that he was still representing the kingdom, has saved them from a lot more damage.
The souls trapped in the in between. No one’s ever been able to tell him how exactly he’s supposed to set them free but if he defeats the demon and retrieves the halo, then retrieving the grace and completing the Three could be the way.
Michael twirls his sword in his hand. “Why shouldn’t it? You are my baby brother after all. And one has to wonder really, what someone like you, dripping with misfortune since birth, would see in a spoilt prince, bathed in luxuries since his own.”
“I got quite jealous that one time you danced with Leda.” He doesn’t know why he brings it up. Perhaps reminiscing of the not so awful times they’ve been through pushes him on. Saying her name hurts though. And for a moment, he hesitates in his words, thoughts drifting to where she is and everything she will be put through again.
It hits him all at once. When his Three left him. Healed him. Brought him back to life. It must have been so powerful that it completely restored his body.
