"We have more in common than you'd like to believe. This petty feud between us is simply childish. People will suffer. And you know how it always upset Mummy." The man said confusing John. Mummy?
"Like that hand cream. He bought that for you, didn't he?" Sherlock asked as he began to go through the receipts she had laid out. Taxi Receipt for 18.50 at 10:35. "Look at this one." He handed the taxi receipt to her, and she took it nervously. "Got a taxi from home on the day he died, £18.50."
"Why, because you don't like him?" John snapped, this woman was asking to get punched. He might not have known Sherlock very long, but he could tell that the Alpha was a decent guy, a bit eccentric and probably slightly childish, but still a decent guy.
"You were gonna take that damn pill, weren't you?" John accused, knowing he was right. He had seen the look in Sherlock's eyes, seen the trimmer in his hand from the urge to take it.
"Stop it! We can't giggle, it's a crime scene. Stop it." John said trying to reprimand Sherlock, but his giggling wasn't helping.
"Put the wind up everybody, we hated him." Sebastian growled out, trying to get John to pay attention to him. Sherlock's smirk widen and he sat up a little straighter. John didn't want any other Alpha, and Sherlock was going to make damn sure it staid like that. "We'd come down to breakfast in the formal hall and this freak-"
"Now and then, yes." Sherlock admitted and had to fight back a smile when he saw John getting angry and annoyed on his behalf. It felt... nice to have someone do that.
"So who did I meet?" John asked, his tone telling him he would not drop the subject until he got his answer.
"Lukis' Diary. He was here too. He wrote down the address." John told him before walking across the street.
"Most people blunder round this city, and all they see are streets and shops and cars. When you walk with Sherlock Holmes, you see the battlefield. You've seen it already. Haven't you?" The man asked.
"Well, this is a prime spot. Must be expensive." John noted worried about how much Sherlock expected him to pay.
"What now? I'm in shock, look, I've got a blanket." Sherlock said showing the Inspector his blanket.
"I see." Sherlock said turning back towards the wall and John thought that was the end of that conversation. John bit back a grunt as the pain flared again and began to turn to head into the kitchen to get him something to snack on while Sherlock pulled out his phone and texted someone. Sherlock spun on the balls of his feet away from the wall and quickly made his way to the coat closet without a word. John sighed, it seems they were leaving again. John allowed Sherlock to quickly bundle him into his coat before following the Alpha out of their flat.
"And you invaded Afghanistan." Sherlock said causing both of them to laugh as John shifted to rest against Sherlock.
"Of course it was. It was extraordinary. It was quite extraordinary." John told him earnestly while looking him in the eye to let Sherlock see for himself that he was telling the truth. After reading him like a book, Sherlock smiled warmly at him.
I left the balcony unlocked. If my mate could just drop from your balcony onto ours, then he could let me in."
"Nicotine patch." He said showing the patches to the Omega. "Helps me think. Impossible to sustain a smoking habit in London these days. Bad news for brain work."
"I guess that's the soldier in me." John snapped out. The man gave him a hard look before sighing in annoyance as he pulled his little notebook back out.
"Thanks." John whispered after taking a second to understand what Sherlock meant by that. "So, how did you know?"
That somewhere, it turned out, was the Scotland Yard. Sherlock led John into the building as if he owned it, ignoring all the dirty looks he was receiving. At first John was sure Sherlock was going to go to Lestrade and demand he take the case over from Dimmok. However, when they passed Lestrade's office and just went straight to Dimmok, John wondered what Sherlock was going to do. Sherlock placed the computer on Dimmok's desk and quickly logged into it.
"Didn't look like it." She told him with a smirk, looking as if Sherlock had just proven a point. John rolled his eyes and walked past her and under the tape and began to walk away looking for any taxi he could hail. "You're not his friend." Donovan called out to him making him stop. "He doesn't have friends." John turn to glare at him. "So who are you?"
"Text, yes. The number on my desk." Sherlock said as a plan started to slowly form. John took his phone back from Sherlock as he took a deep breath, catching a faint yet very familiar scent on John. That scent sent Sherlock's mind into over drive. It couldn't be possible? Why was that scent there? It shouldn't be there! That scent should never be on John! Sherlock was barely able to fight the urge to jump up and replace that scent with his own.
"Flour floors up." Sherlock muttered looking out the window after glancing around the room. "That's why they think they're safe." He went back to examining the room. "Put a chain across the door, bolt it shut, think your impregnable. They don't reckon for one second that there's another way in." He said before walking out of the room and over to to the skylight in the hall.
"Who cares about decent?" Sherlock playfully growled out. "The game, Mrs Hudson, is on!" He said walking outside with John right on his heels and hailed a taxi, getting one instantly, before getting in with John sliding in after him. Sherlock quickly raddled off the address and they were off.
"No." Sherlock agreed. "So this investigation might move a bit quicker if you were to take my word as gospel." Dimmok looked away again in annoyance. "I've just handed you a murder inquiry. Five minutes in his flat." The two Alpha's glared at each other for a minute before Dimmok sighed and stood up.
." She said slowly before buzzing them in. Sherlock took John by the hand and whisked them into the building before John could even thank her. They quickly located the elevators and called one, thankfully they didn't have to wait long. On Van Coon's floor John exited the elevator and quickly located the right door. He stood there for what felt like an eternity waiting for Sherlock to let him in. Had he fallen? Was he having to pick the lock? Did Sherlock even know how to pick a lock.
"I don't like him." John told him causing Sherlock to chuckle as the elevator got to the ground floor.
"Oh. Yeah, of course. Can I borrow your phone?" Sherlock asked forcing his mind back on the case. John's limp could come after the case, or at least until after he had sent the text message he needed to.
"And if it's ringing, it's not here." Lestrade said realizing what John and Sherlock had been telling him.
"What do you mean, how? John just said it. Rachel!" The blank look Sherlock received from Lestrade and his team caused him to groan. "Look at you lot, John obviously excluded. You're all so vacant. Is it nice not being me? It must be so relaxing." It felt good to know that Sherlock was not including him in that lot. "Rachel is not a name. John, on the luggage, there's a label. E-mail address." He said giving John a little shove towards the case as he rushed to his laptop.
Sherlock can’t remember having felt a sense of belonging this strongly since an evening long ago in an inn on Dartmoor. It was their last night there. He had been unreasonable the night before. He can’t remember what for anymore, nor what the argument had been about. But he had apologised. And John had listened. It had been a revelation at the time, equal parts embarrassment at what had amounted to an admission of guilt and defeat mixed with fascination at the idea that John had been able to make him do it. About twelve hours of the silent treatment and the great Sherlock Holmes, who was never wrong and certainly never admitted to any wrongdoing, had been ready to apologise and mean it. That John had actually listened and been willing to accept his apology for what it was had been another revelation. So many times Sherlock has botched something up because of his big mouth and scathing deductions. Most of the time he doesn't really care. If people can't handle a simple truth, they're not worthy of his time and energy. But just a few times it had mattered. Just a few times he had regretted his words afterwards, regretted them as soon as he saw the back of someone he’d wanted to know better, someone he’d wanted to make laugh, one time even someone he’d wanted to touch.
! He’s not awake and John doesn’t have the words to describe how that feels. How it feels to sit here beside the unconscious body of his best friend, not knowing when he’ll wake up, not knowing
Maybe it’s time to invite Mary over. Call her and talk to her and show her… show her what? What kind of reassurance can he truthfully offer her at this point? Can he show her it’s still just the two of them when it isn’t as simple as that anymore, if it ever was? Can he show her she’s still his wife? But then again, she might still be his wife, but she’s no longer the only one on his mind, is she?
feeling the loneliness he’d done the drugs to escape in the first place. Sprawled across at least a hundred couches, covered in newspapers and with his laptop open, desperately searching for a distraction from his feverish mind and unmanageable thoughts. Sitting in at least a hundred interrogation rooms, being looked at and addressed with less sympathy than the suspected culprit. Spending at least a hundred nights in Baker Street, fighting a losing battle to
“How can you possibly expect me to believe that, Sherlock? You’re still confined to the flat and now you’re experimenting with mind altering techniques? An experiment? Just tell me, which part of what I’ve just said sounds like someone in control to you?”
The hardest thing about letting go is the disappointment. Letting the people down that he cares about most in this world. But the hardest thing about holding on is also the disappointment. The disappointment of realising that the people he cares about most in this world do not return that sentiment. They might care when he stumbles. They might care when he fails. But there is no reward for staying on that ledge above the chasm. Only the sweet pain of pride for holding on for another minute. In contrast, having the weight of the decision lifted from his shoulders on the way down to the bottom does resemble some form of reward.
I'm not going to blab too much this time (though I will blab at the end of the chapter), so without further ago, chapter 21 of Icebergs!
New chapter! I apologise for the long and tedious wait, but this chapter just sort of ran away with me and it didn't feel right to end it any sooner than I did, so I hope that this longer chapter can make up for the delay!
He doesn’t know what he was expecting to return to. Returning to John and Baker Street has been the one thought that Sherlock has used to hold himself up during the last two years, especially during the last couple of weeks in Serbia. Recreating Baker Street in his Mind Palace in as much detail as possible has been a favourite pastime of his while waiting in airports, while trying to sleep on what can only be described as fourth rate mattresses at best and especially while trying to block out the sound and feel of metal pipes hitting his lower abdomen. But returning to Baker Street and to John has been a vague dream until the last couple of days, a hazy future seeming very far away and almost completely out of reach. Trying to predict what he might find upon his return has seemed unimportant until now. Still, Sherlock can feel himself taken aback by the realisation that he has returned to a John and a Baker Street fundamentally different from the ones he left behind. He hadn’t been prepared for everything to have changed so fundamentally as it seems to have done. He had fully expected to find John in Baker Street, making tea and working at the local clinic and making second-rate chicken risotto. Walking into that restaurant and finding John sitting with a complete stranger that he now lives with, drinking wine and obviously having a good time, had unleashed a feeling in Sherlock not unlike being doused in icy meltwater. The whole situation had caught him completely off guard, which is why he had ended up acting on instinct. Crucial mistake. Acting on instinct in social situations isn’t exactly his strong suit and tonight had been no different.
City boy, contacts in Hong Kong, sibling rivalry, serious girlfriend, multiple affairs, long-term stress, one too many cocktails on nights out, often falls asleep at meetings, hiker, holiday in Bologna last month. Health buff, freelance journalist, lib dem, sushi aficionado, journeys in China, Buddhist, bakes own bread, pays too much for organic chia seeds, compulsive tea drinker at 7-10 cups a day. Single mom, three kids, works at convenience store, has never left the UK, refers to evening meal as “tea”, unhealthy preference for abusive men. All gleaned at a glance at three random passers-by on the street below.
“Don’t. Don’t apologise. You didn’t know. How could you? And what does it even matter? It’s more than a year ago and I honestly don’t care. I didn’t at the time and I still don’t. So just forget about it.”
He hazards a glance up at Sherlock’s face. Sherlock is looking straight back at him, but there’s no reading his expression.
Three years can’t be undone. John is married now. He’s devoted to another, to someone whom he loves, whom he has chosen to give himself to for the rest of his life. He can’t just ignore that.
The minutes pass. John tries to move, tries to push away the branches caging in his body, but nothing happens. Suddenly, there’s the sound of liquid being poured combined with an unmistakable scent of gasoline. The deduction is an easy one indeed, and John once again feels his already elevated heart rate accelerate further.
“Before you went to bed,” he clarifies. “You were going to say something, but then you didn’t get to say it. Was that what you wanted to say?”
But that’s in principle. In actuality, John’s unravelling at the seams as the hours and days pass in virtual silence. He doesn’t
John is so enraged that he’s momentarily speechless. And perhaps that’s a good thing. Because it gives him a moment to rethink the past five minutes before he says something he’ll later come to regret.
Nowadays, as always, they seem to maintain a slightly uncomfortable truce between them based on common interests where Sherlock is concerned and a begrudging acknowledgement on both sides that they are indeed both genuine in their care for him. A deeper friendship it is not.
John gives her his most reassuring smile and wonders what it feels like to actually know what the fuck he’s going to do.
John is here. He’s safe. He doesn’t look as though he's suffered any serious trauma. You can’t even see the redness from the tape around his mouth. He might have rope burn on his wrists, though, but Sherlock can still only see his face. And he’s alright. Thank the god Sherlock doesn’t believe in.
Mycroft frowns softly, observing his brother keenly for any indication that he’s playing a joke on him. But Sherlock looks perfectly serious.
More days pass. Sherlock gets gradually better, in a physical sense. He begins to move with intent and purpose again, begins to go out in the kitchen to fetch his own tea when John is unavailable, begins to dress in actual clothes rather than lying across the couch in a dressing gown 14 hours a day before staggering back to bed. He takes a shower and even uses his preferred shampoo and shaving cream. He emerges fifteen minutes later, damp and warm and smelling like himself again, the stale and unpleasant scent of sterility from the hospital finally gone.
Right here, right now, there is no John. No missed opportunities, no things left unsaid, no desires left unsatisfied. There is Sherlock and Jim and
There's nothing for him to do now, nothing but sit, look at Sherlock, pray or curse at the higher powers depending on what he feels is the least unhelpful. John doesn’t want to think, wishes he could turn his brain off and just sit here, as mute and stupid as Sherlock has so often accused him of being, but he can’t do that. His brain refuses to cooperate. And refuses to think of anything but the gaping hole in his chest and what’s causing it.
John reads the length in both centimetres and inches at Sherlock’s request. He claims that he’s missing out on information if both are listed, but John only reads one of them out loud.
Sherlock is still looking at him, probably waiting for a continuation. John needs to say something. The silence between them is honestly getting uncomfortable. Not unlike when John asked Sherlock to be his best man. Talking about emotions really isn’t their strongest side, not for either of them.
It might be a bit of a tall order. When John asks if they have anything a little more fun or eccentric, the member of staff currently showing him their assortment looks at him with such an exasperated expression that John almost feels bad for asking until he remembers that he is in fact a customer planning on making a purchase, at which point his temperament hardens considerably.
Which is why John doesn’t feel particularly charitable towards the higher powers at the moment and why he isn’t exactly in a repentant mood about it either. If Sherlock was alive and well, no
Tick. Tock. Tick. Tock. Tick-tock. Tick-tock. Tick-tock, tick-tock, tick-tock, tick, tick, tick, tick…
That’s why he leaves his phone at Sherlock’s side when he returns to the living room to let him sleep.
Something at the core of John’s being aches at the thought of leaving 221B. It’s like coming home. This slightly run-down, quite probably drug-infested and permanently messy flat somehow feels more like home than the new house in the suburbs that he and Mary have lived in for over a year now. And Sherlock feels like coming home too, however abstract and improbable that sounds.
Compromise is the only solution John can currently make his brain come up with, but it isn’t necessarily a good one. What he’s doing right now – looking over Sherlock, telling himself this return to Baker Street is a temporary measure and being engaged in long-winded discussions with Mary over text whenever Sherlock is asleep – that is in itself a kind of compromise and it’s not working.
Almost a full minute passes in unbearable, tense silence before Sherlock speaks. When he does, it’s only two words, but each one is pronounced with deadly precision.
“I know. I know you do, and it’s not up to me to decide when or if you want to move back in with her. This flat is… it’s here for as long and as often as you need it, but you can leave any time you’d like. You just didn’t want to leave now, and I felt I needed to remind you of that.”
There’s a round, reddened depression on John’s shoulder, the scar of a bullet that nearly took John away before they’d even met. Sherlock realises with a start that he’s never seen it before. He’s always known that it was there (truth be told – he’s sometimes fantasised about it), but it’s another thing entirely to see it in person. He can see the imperfect way in which the area has mended itself back together, the way it pulls slightly on the skin around it. It makes John look even more ferocious. Even more dangerous. Even more tempting.
fit into their lives isn’t quite clear to Sherlock. But if it’s what John wants… well, Sherlock has decided to humour him.
Another cough and he’s spitting blood. The injuries to his stomach area must be more severe than he initially judged them to be. It doesn’t matter now. He knows a doctor in London. If only his head would stop creaking so.
Sherlock takes a moment to ponder the question, trying to remember any particular incident and dissect his emotional response. It takes approximately a fraction of a second. “Not particularly.”
Sherlock is silent for so long that John begins to think he may have used up whatever vocal reserves he’d accumulated.
like is the warm, almost fuzzy feeling spreading from the deepest pit of his stomach to the most visible part of his face.
John grins up at him. “I’m sure you don’t.” Then he gets up, feeling considerably less worn-out than before Sherlock and Rosie’s return, and helps Rosie get her snowsuit, shoes, scarf, hat and mittens off. It’s almost as though he’s unwrapping her, revealing her brightly grinning person layer by layer.
Moriarty moves onto the small step separating the front door from the street. It’s not big enough for two people to stand on at the same time and parts of his shoulder and chest end up pressing against Sherlock’s side. He’s standing so close that Sherlock almost convinces himself he can feel Moriarty’s heartbeat like a warm pulse reverberating out from him. Everything else is dead quiet.
Sherlock starts violently. His eyes fly open, looking straight into a pair of brown ones so close to his that the smirk spreading across his visitor’s face only shows itself in a slight crinkling around the eyes and a lifting of the cheeks. There’s a sudden drop in the oxygen levels of the immediate vicinity.
John blocks him with an arm. “Sherlock.” He waits patiently for Sherlock to meet his eyes. “Why didn’t you tell me any of this?”
Nothing. There’s no reply, no movement on the stairs, no sounds at all apart from the muffled roar of cars passing by outside. Has she gone out? Shopping for groceries maybe? It’s about that time of day. Yet Sherlock has been lying here for the better part of four hours, and he’s positive that he’s not heard the front door at any point during all that time.
John hesitates. He thought he'd stay the night. He really doesn’t want to leave. Didn't he tell Sherlock earlier that he wouldn't walk out that door until he's absolutely certain Sherlock won't find his needles again the moment his back is turned? Is this a ploy to get rid of him? Sherlock looks okay for all intents and purposes, relaxed and mostly comfortable in his own skin. He hasn't given any indication that he's in need of a new fix all afternoon. There's nothing dishonest or frantic to trace in his eyes. It’s more of a feeling, really. A vague insecurity and a not-so-vague desire to stay. On the other hand, both Sherlock and Mary seem to be urging him to go home. Neither is directly shoving him out the door, that’s true, but Mary is clearly expecting him to come home tonight and Sherlock seems downright dismissive. Will Sherlock consider it an indication that John doesn't have any faith in him if he stays anyway? Maybe it would be better to leave the decision to Sherlock. To show him that John trusts him and fully believes he can do this.
that he’s kissing back. John has a fierce hatred of his possessive streak, it’s ugly and demanding in all the wrong ways, but right now he has no will left to fight it and he allows himself to triumph in the idea that this might be Sherlock’s first.
. He can’t bring himself to say the last bit. This admission is embarrassing enough as it is. But it remains there, spoken between the lines, hanging in the air between them.
Sherlock still doesn’t talk much though. At first, John had thought that he was just exhausted after his prolonged unconsciousness or that he was simply taking his time getting his vocabulary back in order. The doctors at the hospital had informed him that speech might be impaired for a certain amount of time after a coma (and though they’re still not quite certain about the causes of Sherlock’s unconsciousness, coma is the only explanation readily available, even if it’s mostly just a working hypothesis). But Sherlock’s vocabulary seems to be back to its normal level of function. He has no trouble with long or difficult phrases, he doesn’t stumble when speaking at speed, his sentences can be long and grammatically complex. He just doesn’t speak
John squares his shoulders and heads down the street for the front door. Almost right on the doorstep to number 221, a man in a hoodie walking in the opposite direction slams into his shoulder on his way past and John turns to look after him, huffing out an “excuse you”. Before he really understands what’s happening, another man steps up behind him and presses a syringe into his neck.
“Mm, yes… Yeah, I suppose. I mean, I try to,” John says, somehow managing to straddle the space between this calm, partly disengaged demeanour he’s putting on and sounding as though he’s edging towards one of his more extreme versions of social discomfort.
Sherlock is lying on the couch. His hands are steepled in front of him. His face is perfectly impassive, every muscle relaxed. His eyes are closed.
He should be worried. What if John is angry at him? He has every right to be, Sherlock supposes. It would only be fair after everything that Sherlock has caused him to be put through. But right now Sherlock simply can’t care about that. John is here with him, safe and free and in good health, and that’s all that really matters. Sherlock deserves so much more than a tongue lashing for what he’s subjected John to, wittingly or not, but that can wait until John himself brings it up. For now, Sherlock is just relieved beyond belief to see him.
Sherlock gets up from the sofa and rushes across the room. John gets the feeling he’s not trying to put some distance between them though. He's just in need of movement and John can sympathise with that. His own skin is feeling uncomfortably restrictive.
John chuckles slightly and takes a moment to consider his reply. He once again attempts to warm his hands on his coffee, but it remains a bit too heated for comfort.
“Did you really think it was a switch, Sherlock? Did you really think all your problems would go away by flipping a switch? And a switch that doesn’t even exist at that. Please, Sherlock. You always feel it. But you don’t have to fear it.”
– well, if sacrificing his memories of the good times will just make the pain of having all of that taken away from him go away too then it will all be worth it. To not be able to live with something is a metaphor, but it certainly doesn’t feel that way in this case. The noise of his memories have started to feel like a migraine, a hammer constantly battering away on the inside of Sherlock’s skull, slowly driving him out of his mind. Mycroft may think it reckless to risk everything for an uncertain reward. But what if just the chance of achieving that reward is worth every risk and sacrifice in the world?
It’s not a creak. It’s a roar of deafening proportions, as though an earthquake is about to tear the entire construction apart. His head feels ready to explode. God, just stop it, stop it,
When he became a doctor, that was his rational want. When he started dating a whole string of female fellow students, that was his rational want. When he started dating Mary, that was his rational want. Shit, even when he decided to propose, that was his rational want. He’s wanted to do all of it. Just not in a passionate, unstoppable
Again, Sherlock hesitates with his answer. But this time Mycroft can tell that one is coming. Sherlock is actually listening now. Though the seconds drag on tediously, Mycroft opts to give him all the time he needs.
it’s more important that John is helping a friend in need than that they sleep together at night right now when they have so many other nights ahead of them. The incessant gnawing of guilt in John's stomach reaches its apex as Mary ends the call by asking him to say hi to Sherlock from her. Not knowing what he’s supposed to reply, he just asks her to take care and ends the call.
Sherlock purses his lips. He looks exactly like a kindergartener, soft little petulant pout and all. He seems to be listening properly now at least, though his eyes give nothing away of the thought processes happening behind them.
“I know,” he says again. “You’ll find out in time. Wasn’t that what you said?” John can almost hear the smile in his voice.
Hiding in at least a hundred back alleys, high as a kite on whatever he’d been able to get his hands on that night and yet unbelievably
This is… this is shameful, but it’s also honest. Brutally honest. He will have to tell John about how it had been to sit by the window and watch people pass by on the street. Unable to hear him shout, unable to react or respond to him in any way. Set dressing on the other side of an impenetrable wall of glass.
This is how it should have been three years ago. This is what John should have done. All those times he wanted to, yet he never dared and always turned away. If he’d only dared then, what might the world not look like now?
People have been rushing in and out since last morning. Mary sat with him from noon until nine o’clock yesterday before she even suggested that they go home together and get some sleep. When John had adamantly refused, she’d gone home alone. John had encouraged it, telling himself that he was just being considerate and avoiding stressing her out more than necessary. In reality, it had been a bit of a relief. Sitting alone with Sherlock is marginally more tolerable than sitting with others. And sitting with others is considerably more tolerable than sitting with Mary.
John has to hurt himself to not release three years of unresolved tension and desire into a single kiss. Still it’s easily the most intense kiss he’s ever experienced. It’s the first time there’s been anything other than sheer relief in their kiss and the first time John is aware enough to register anything beyond the simple fact that their lips are touching. And it’s a strange sensation.
Rosie looks solemn for a moment, her small lips puckered in a grimace of concentration. Then she beams brightly at Sherlock and stretches her arms up towards the skies.
of all people, shushing John in the restaurant like one would an over-excited five year old and staying behind with Sherlock after John had headed out to find a cab. Since he hasn't cared to ask, he doesn’t even know what they had spoken of. And then that relaxed statement in the cab,
Sherlock very pointedly pictures a slightly chubby eighth grader prying the fingers of a primary schooler off his cardigan after applying a plaster to his eyebrow in the school infirmary. He can almost hear himself pathetically begging Mycroft to stay and Mycroft’s reply of
Sherlock makes a quick correction on the music sheet in front of him and starts over. It sounds alright as far as he can judge, though it’s still far from fully satisfactory. Is it even possible to dance to this? Despite copious amounts of research while composing this piece, he still isn’t quite sure how well it’s going to work in practice and this isn’t something he’s willing to compromise on. At least the music ought to be on point, even if there’s only so much a man can do to improve the dancing ability of one John Watson in the course of just one week.
John smiles and leans forward, then stops himself and sits back up abruptly. Whatever his brain’s intention might be in hijacking his body, a disturbingly common occurrence these days, John is not doing this and he refuses to examine
.” Sherlock even makes a vague attempt at mimicking his voice. His gaze is like steel, boring into John with abandon. Sherlock the untried kisser and Sherlock the emotional illiterate have retreated for a moment, giving way to Sherlock the detective, Sherlock the calculating-machine, Sherlock the era-defining genius. He’s deducing John. Trying to read his motives. If Sherlock believes emotions to be a hindrance to his brain, it’s just because he can’t see himself in this moment.
His opposite and negative is not out there. Jim is not just another criminal to be outsmarted and defeated. He is not even the best criminal opponent that Sherlock will ever face.
Sherlock doesn’t start from the beginning. He isn’t even quite sure where the beginning really is. There’s no cohesion, no narrative, no journey from A to B. It comes out stuttering and disorganised, more brief flashes of memories than a proper recount of his experiences. Telling John about the Mind Palace in broad strokes had been one thing. It had been difficult, but it had been manageable, and it had helped to talk about it, to be understood. He had been worried about how John would react to the implication that Sherlock might have inadvertently started the whole ordeal, but he had been able to deal with that. This is something else entirely.
, that he keeps meaning to say and yet never manages to get out. He spent two whole years regretting that he didn’t have the balls to speak his mind when he had the chance and convincing himself that there was no point in telling anyone about it because it would all be too late anyway. Now Sherlock is back. He gave John the one thing he spent two years wishing for, another chance to say what he really wants to say, and still John keeps postponing it. Aren’t people supposed to learn something from their mistakes?
He wishes he could be more coherent about all this, but now’s not the time for close examinations of guilt and responsibility leading to long and constipated speeches of apology. Now’s the time to just bloody say what comes to mind because it’s probably the most sincere anyway and emotional sincerity has been sorely lacking from his and Sherlock’s conversations for a very long time.
“Oh.” He quickly searches for a simple way to explain what a hexagon is, but comes up emptyhanded in the face of the fact that the most complicated geometry in Rosie’s current vocabulary is the triangles and squares of her block box, which she either way continues to refer to as “tree” and “flat”, respectively.
Sometimes he thinks it would be easier if he truly was a high-functioning sociopath. It would be cleaner, simpler, less of a mess. He could be unpleasant for a reason, a perfectly normal albeit not altogether common reason, one that everyone could understand. He could be unpleasant, and he wouldn’t care what people thought. Sociopathy is not as simple as that, Sherlock knows that, but he doesn’t want to stop telling himself otherwise. He can’t seem to get rid of the thought that if he truly was a sociopath, somehow the way he is would make sense and it would be alright because there would be a reason for him to be the way that he is. Somehow… somehow it’s frightening beyond belief to think that there’s no reason. That this is simply the way he is. Not because there’s something detectably different about him, something that has a definition, something he could read up on so he would know what to do about it, how to live his life with it. What’s different about him is truly different about him. Which means there’s no one who really understands and no place to go for guidance. He’s saddled with whatever the hell is wrong with him, and he has to figure out how to live his life entirely on his own.
Jim kisses him again, deeper this time. More insistently. More passionately. And Sherlock may be on his way towards a better, more confident, more enlightened version of himself, but there’s no denying the very visible shiver that runs down his spine. He raises a hand to urge Jim closer as Jim lowers a hand to do the same. Just as eager for Sherlock’s touch as he is for Jim’s, which is a better feeling than Sherlock had anticipated.
What Sherlock does regret is everything that followed after his return. Coming back, stupidly expecting to find everything the way he’d left it, getting laughably upset with every change no matter how big or small – John leaving Baker Street, John finding someone else, Anderson suddenly taking a positive interest in him, Mrs. Hudson changing her preferred tea blend – and then, biggest mistake of them all, thinking that he could fix those mistakes, thinking that he could make everything go back to the way it was, just by showing people that he was worthy of their attention. Since when did Sherlock Holmes ever concern himself with what other people thought of him? Since when did he ever try to change just to conform to some idiot every-man’s concept of a likable person? Since when did he put human relations above that pure cold reason that has been his guiding star for as long as he can remember?
It’s with that thought in mind that Sherlock finally gets up, his muscles sore from inertia, and finds a leftover needle in the bottom drawer beneath ten pairs of black socks. Then he goes to the kitchen to retrieve his hidden stash.
He expects a wide, triumphant grin. It doesn’t come. Instead, Moriarty is looking strangely... sad. Disappointed, but not in the arrogant manner that Sherlock remembers from their confrontation at the roof of Bart’s Hospital. It feels almost sympathetic.
If he could just feel thankful and content and humbled and confident and all that, that would be good. But nothing can ever be that simple in his life, can it? While Mary has been busy taking care of him, holding his hand and kissing his cheek and generally doing all the right things a partner is supposed to be doing in this kind of situation… John’s been busy regretting every decision he ever made that led to him choosing her in the first place.
John has kept his gaze down during this speech, unable to look Sherlock in the eyes. He’s afraid what Sherlock may read there. But now he looks up. And just in time to see Sherlock move forward and gingerly place his lips on John’s.
He thinks back to Mary’s words from a lifetime ago – “There is nothing in this world I would not do to stop that happening” – and finds himself in agreeance with the sentiment if not with the meaning.
Christ. If John isn’t just about the most ungrateful bastard that anyone could possible have the misfortune to meet. A lovely fiancé, soon to be wife, and a best friend who is willing to pause what seems to be his entire life just to make sure that the wedding will be a success. Really, not a lot of people have that. And yet John can barely even pretend to concentrate on that for all the confused thoughts and feelings churning around inside of him.
The best way forward is forward, isn’t it? John gathers his courage as much as he feels he needs to and turns towards her. “I had some shopping to do. For tonight.” Not the most discreet of hints. Maybe it’s saying too much, but John honestly wouldn’t care if she guesses what he’s bought. They’ve discussed marriage before and now feels like a good time to make it official. If she suspects it beforehand, it might save him from having to come up with an opening line, which can only end in embarrassment.
“Well, my wife just went out the door. I’m not sure if she’s ever coming back or if that was the end of my marriage. Other than that, I’d say it’s going fairly well.” John has an incredible ability to stay calm in the face of intense anguish that puts Sherlock’s display of emotionlessness utterly to shame. It leaves Sherlock scrambling to find the appropriate mood for the situation.
Mary comes upstairs just as John exits Sherlock’s hospital room, walking briskly towards him in a hurried stroll that’s verging on a run.
Sherlock suddenly waxing philosophical about one subject or other is nowhere near as unusual an occurrence as people might think. He can be quite whimsical when the fancy takes him and has an unfortunate habit of dishing out life lessons left and right to people who would really rather not know his thoughts on their most intimate and personal matters spoken out loud.
“When you’re at a crime scene and Anderson or Donovan or any of the other… Scotland Yarders…” Jim sneers as though he finds even the concept laughably ridiculous. Perhaps he does. “When they call you
He wanted to pretend that everything was nice and good and normal, that they were nothing more than a happily married couple with their best friend.
They don’t pick the conversation back up again in the following days. The next morning they’re both seemingly back to normal, making light conversation and feigning easy camaraderie until they both seem to forget that they’re feigning it. The next days pass in a similar manner. John begins to worry that they’re falling back on old habits, opting for total silence and a pretended normality. He had vowed that this time would be different, but it seems as though he isn't capable of keeping that vow.
Truth to be told, it’s not just Mary’s presence that makes everything feel different either. Sherlock is different too, though John has a hard time pinpointing exactly wherein the difference lies.
Sherlock is a user, not an addict. That's the way it's always been. He's capable of controlling his urges in between visits and feels only the most fleeting of cravings while he waits.
But it’s difficult. It’s always been difficult with Sherlock. Difficult because he’s a man, but also difficult because he’s… well, he’s Sherlock. There are no guarantees and there never have been. John doesn’t even fully understand where Sherlock stands in relation to what has been said and done between them in the last days. Trying to figure out Sherlock’s feelings has always been like trying to build on quicksand. Certainty has a tendency to give way to confusion and anything concrete slips through one’s fingers.
Jim is harsh. There’s not a hint of warmth left in his tone when he replies. “Don’t look at me like that. This is it, Sherlock.”
Sherlock looks at him sternly. There’s a blazing intensity to his eyes that was not there a moment ago.
But now, as far as John is concerned, it’s all done. All the obligatory letters have been written and sent, all the decorations have been hung up (not that there’s that many of them – with the combination of Christmas ornaments and Sherlock’s experiments posing a constant fire hazard, they’ve found the balance through a painful process of trial and error), all the food has been purchased and what can be prepared in advance has been prepared in advance, all the presents have been bought and wrapped (well, alright, he ran out of wrapping paper last night with three presents left to go, but he’s picked up some more today, so wrapping those three is about all that he needs to do before he’ll be all set to go).
John’s heart descends into the lowest part of his ribcage. It seems that every time he thinks his heart can’t sink further, every time he imagines his stomach to have stopped doing uncomfortable somersaults, Sherlock’s next revelation brings it all back with a vengeance. Although from a medical point of view he knows everything is right where he left it, at the location in his body where it’s supposed to be, he’s almost surprised to find his airways unimpeded.
, so it’s not as though he’s got something better to do. This whole “traditional family Christmas” deal that John has been going on about (and Sherlock has been dreading from the moment he first brought it up)… well, Sherlock is actually finding it surprisingly unobjectionable so far.
Sherlock feels him shift slightly and then his eyes are on him. He holds his breath without meaning to, keeping his own eyes strictly on the screen in front of them. He’s waiting for John to say something, quite possibly to push him away or at least ask him to resume his previous position.
. Sherlock’s behaviour might not have changed, but John’s ability to tolerate the silence definitely has. Ever since the hospital, whenever Sherlock is silent for long, it begins to eat away at him. He knows it’s irrational, this fear that Sherlock’s silence is but a precursor to something much, much worse, but logic has nothing to do with it.
And everything be damned, it feels perfect in a way no other kiss ever has. It feels tender and careful and gentle and frantic and unapologetic and urgent all at once, as though it’s something fragile and something deviously intense at the same time.
He stops in front of the last door. Hesitates. This is it. This is the deepest, darkest corner of his mind palace, at least as far as he is aware. The demons beneath the road… this is where he traps them. Where he pushes them into a recess, hides them out of sight and locks the door in a vain hope that he might forget about them. This is a room he’s fought with all his life, a periodically returning sickness at the very centre of his being. There have been periods of relative peace and quiet, periods where Sherlock has been able to largely forget about this door and what’s behind it and convince himself that it’s all under control. The longest of these periods, the most lasting time of peace in Sherlock’s life, has been the time spent with John.
going to return first thing in the morning. He might just be waiting because there’s nothing else to do.
This time, John at least lets Mary talk him into following her down to the cafeteria for a cup of coffee.
he could come up with. Now the only thing Sherlock has to share with John is an occasional snide remark that takes much more energy to come up with than it should. No wonder John is moving on.
“In England, you say? Now, that’s just hurtful. Why not in Europe? The Western world? Or beyond? You have no idea what I’ve got going on out there in the big bad world.”
He pulls away from her, gently but firmly detaching her arms from around him and standing up straight to look into her eyes.
So of course, inevitably, Sherlock just can’t help himself. He has to see if their dynamic is intact and Moriarty’s expression is as he’s imagining it. He has to check. So he turns around after only a couple of minutes and just manages to catch that the familiar smirk widens impossibly further.
Flashes of bright, white lights assault his inner eye. He’s already picturing transparent tubes, hearing the steady beeping of a heartrate monitor, smelling the stale hospital air. He doesn’t stop to think about what might have happened. He doesn’t consider that Sherlock might have had a relapse in his absence. He doesn’t feel guilty that he wasn’t there. Because he’s too fucking frightened to think. It happens too quickly and it’s over before his thoughts have time to settle.
Christ… how much effort it must have taken to keep his back hidden from view these past few days. John has been living in the same flat, rubbing shoulders with him day and night, changing his actual fucking clothes for him until he could manage on his own and he’s been none the wiser up until this moment. How could he have been so goddamn
“It was… not good. I know that, John, I just… I didn’t care at the time. I mean…” Sherlock presses his lips together and John almost fancies he catches a glimpse of a slight tremble around Sherlock’s lower lip. “I wasn’t thinking clearly,” he finishes, though he doesn’t seem quite satisfied with his own choice of words.
Sherlock is back. He’s actually here and alive and it really is him. Which means that all those things that were left unsaid, all those things that John couldn’t bring himself to say to neither his therapist nor Mary nor even Sherlock’s tombstone, all of those things are now relevant again.
Sherlock shrinks back in his chair, almost physically cowering away from John’s anger. Finally actually bloody listening to him, but John is too furious to feel gratified.
It’s the first time he has been back. Not once in the two gruelling years since the funeral has he dared take one step beyond the cemetery gate. Several times, he’s been close to going and then changed his mind at the last minute. With the field day the papers were having in the months following that day at Bart’s, who knows what some stupidly ignorant nobody might do to the tombstone? And with the way Sherlock was, not very many would come to lay flowers there. John wishes he could have gone before. The thought of Sherlock’s tombstone standing there, isolated, untended and in disgrace, is more than John can take. And still he didn’t go before now. He hasn’t been to Baker Street either. In fact he’s gone out of his way to avoid the place. He knows, objectively, that he should pay a visit. It’s long overdue. Not only have all his therapists advised him that he must face what happened before he can get on with his life. There’s also Mrs. Hudson to consider. Not one phone call has he made to her since the funeral. She called a couple of times in the beginning, but he wasn’t very talkative and she stopped eventually. Now it’s up to him to make the next move. He just can’t bring himself to do it, no matter how much he hates himself for letting her down. The day of Sherlock’s fall, he spent the night at Baker Street because he had nowhere else to go, but that was the first and last night he ever slept in Baker Street without Sherlock. Not that he did much sleeping. The feeling of sitting there in the chair that used to be so familiar to him, knowing that Sherlock would never return to occupy the chair opposite… That had nearly broken him.
Sherlock’s parents turn up that evening, which seems to take Sherlock by as much surprise as it does John. When he asks them how they could get here so fast, the reply, delivered matter-of-factly, is that they’ve been staying in London all along while Sherlock’s been in hospital. There’s a vague undertone in Mrs. Holmes’ voice when she answers him that John recognises only too well as the classic Holmesian disdain for those unfortunate enough to be judged of lesser intelligence, but it melts away within a second and, frankly, John has learned not to take too much offense when the Holmes family traits of high intelligence and higher disdain rear their heads.
It all should be so simple, so straightforward. But here Sherlock is once again, intruding on John’s life and turning it all on its head. Making the traitorous, irrational side of John’s brain flare up like a broken power cord. After everything Sherlock has done and everything Sherlock has failed to do, John hates himself for even considering any of this. For even thinking about Mary and Sherlock and what he feels and what he should do. It all should be so simple. But Sherlock complicates everything.
“Well, one should always keep one’s options open.” Sherlock says it with a shrug and what looks to be a very weak attempt at a grin. Trying to brush him off. Trying to lighten the mood. Trying to make it all into one big joke as though they’re not talking about Sherlock’s life. And what feels like John’s, too.
He heads for the posher end of town. The sort of shopping area he only pays a visit when Sherlock drags him along, which has happened once or twice at most. John has absolutely no idea if Sherlock has a preference for any particular brand or shop. He’ll just have to wing it. So he heads into the first and best high end shop selling men’s suits and accessories, ignores the looks of some of the other customers (and some of the staff as well, if he’s being honest) and asks to see their collection of cufflinks.
The milk slides out from between John’s elbow and chest and falls to the floor. The carton is squeezed out of shape by the impact.
Sherlock shifts slightly. Jim is obviously talking of the Fall, which has always made Sherlock feel deeply uncomfortable. It brings old wounds to the surface. Old wounds and the memories of everything that followed, culminating in a second Fall onto a recently scarred back and the sight of a person Sherlock had walked through fire and water to save getting into a cab with someone else. It opens up all the guilt and regret of his most excessive failure to date.
it be John? If there should be one other person apart from Jim for Sherlock to confide in, to share with, to understand... shouldn't that be John? Hasn't it
Maybe he should be counting down the hours until Christmas Day, properly committing himself to this whole festive ordeal, but that has struck him as a tedious and pointless exercise in futility ever since childhood and there are limits to his enthusiasm for the yearly round of Christmas phone calls, friendly well-wishes and uninspired presents.
? Mary has been everything John could expect and more. She’s sat through some of the very worst he’s had to offer. Long, emotionally charged yet tearless monologues about a person who was to her a perfect stranger from a man who must have seemed a pathetic, broken shell clinging on to a ghost. Over and over, week after week, month after month. She sat through that and yet still somehow decided to not only stick around, but to choose John, to take her chance on that broken shell and turn him back into a real human being.
“You know what I mean. You’re more you now than you’ve been in years. Making observations and deductions. Seeing connections where no one else can pick up on them. Being one step ahead of everyone. Being Sherlock Holmes. Not stupid little Sherly, showing up at crime scenes without a clue how to solve the case because he’s too preoccupied with looking cool in front of John.”
Sherlock interrupts him, though it’s done with a smile. A smile that is both grateful and regretful and not the least bit cheeky or condescending. “I’m sure Mary is waiting at home with something far better than anything you could scrape together from the meagre offerings in my kitchen.” How exactly he knows who the text is from and what information it contains is beyond John, but then so are a lot of Sherlock’s deductions.
He awakens with a gasp. Stares straight up into the familiar ceiling of his living room. Sherlock is back on the sofa at 221B, his dressing gown splayed to either side and his hands gathered in front of his lips. Just as he left himself.
Sherlock can feel a bit of moisture building around the corners of his eyes, his body adding insult to injury. Every one of his too-numerous emotions is laid bare beneath Moriarty’s gaze as the too-numerous emotions of others used to lie bared beneath his.
In front of them, Battersea Power Station rises up in an imposing, and some would say defacing, manner. It sends a cold shiver down Sherlock’s spine, filling him with a foreign sensation that he isn’t quite sure how to process. His stomach is twisting and turning. His hands and feet feel cold and numb. His head is woozy. As though all the blood in his body has rushed to his strangely accelerating heart. There’s something he’s struggling to remember, but it remains tantalisingly just out of reach. Like a quote you keep thinking of, but you can’t remember who said it. Like a melody stuck in your head, but you can’t recall the next line.
, but Sherlock is so damn cold to the core of his being and the warmth that may or may not be there in Moriarty’s eyes, smile, voice seems to be the only warmth left in the entire universe and he can’t help but want to hold on to that for just another second. He knows he shouldn’t. Sherlock would to God that Moriarty would just go away. And yet Sherlock also would to God that Moriarty would stay and never leave. That’s what it’s come to, is it?
He isn’t sure how he feels about this. This is all too surreal. This entire conversation doesn’t feel fully real. As though it might actually be some weird, messed-up dream of his, the kind he sometimes gets when he’s had a little too much to drink in the evening and he doesn’t know he’s dreaming until something so absurdly impossible happens that even his slightly inebriated subconscious recognises how preposterous the situation is.
Why had he made Mary John’s executioner? Why had his subconscious drawn that association? Had it just been jealousy? Sherlock’s brain is no stranger to jealousy, particularly where Mary is concerned. But even Sherlock will admit that making John’s own wife Moriarty’s choice of executioner is pushing credibility on what his brain could believably have come up with on its own.
It’s an instantaneous response that seems to emerge from the deepest, most personal depths of his being.
With the way Jim is speaking, the way his voice is wriggling its way into Sherlock’s head, it’s almost as though he isn’t speaking at all. As though he’s just a voice, echoing back and forth inside Sherlock’s skull.
Because John doesn’t just want a traditional Christmas. He wants a family Christmas and he wants it to be with the family he’s chosen, with Rosie leaving puddles of melted snow all over the carpet in her rush to get to him and Sherlock complaining all the way through the whole ordeal just to disguise the fact that he maybe enjoys it a little bit after all. That John might actually have all that… it’s just too good to be true and yet, unbelievably, it seems as though it is.
Moriarty does his own deductions, some of them utterly brilliant and others so completely farfetched and ridiculous that Moriarty is laughing as he’s explaining his reasoning. Sherlock finds his laughter so contagious that he can’t help but smile even as he crushes the urge to laugh out loud.
Watching John greet his previous commander, or his ex or whatever John wants to call him… the way his face lights up in a smile and the way they salute each other, reminding Sherlock that there are parts of John’s life of which he is not a part and never will be… and then feeling Mary lean in beside him, her arm around his as she remarks with a grin that “neither of us were the first, you know” when it’s her Goddamn
He rids himself of coat and shoes on the path from the door to the sofa, then sinks down once again and closes his eyes as tightly as he can. One of his ears is pressed against the armrest. He covers the other with his hand, increasing the pressure until the world is drowned out in white noise and all he can hear is the blood rushing through beneath his palm. He almost convinces himself that he can feel his own heartbeat somewhere deep inside, pulsing up into his ears and down into his toes.
Sherlock lets his hands move from John’s shoulders to his face, guiding and tilting John’s head just so to deepen their kiss. His fingers rest behind John’s ears, the short hairs around John’s temples ghosting over the sensitive tips. John growls softly, lips growing ever bolder, ever more demanding. His hands move further down Sherlock’s back, coming to rest just above the hips, then on the hips, then…
“Please.” John chuckles again until he realises that it was a legitimate inquiry. Then he shakes his head instead. “No, not at all. No, it was… it was beautiful. Perfect.” He looks up to meet Sherlock’s gaze and the two of them lock eyes.
John is staying with him 24 hours a day (much to Mary’s annoyance, unspoken though it may be, but that’s a whole other can of worms that John is reluctant to open). Sherlock seems to appreciate it. On the second day, John had put on his jacket and shoes to go out and get some groceries, at which point Sherlock had smiled a little resignedly and asked him to say hi to Mary from him. When John had informed him that they were simply out of milk and that he had no idea what he was going to make for dinner, Sherlock had seemed genuinely puzzled. It had been necessary for John to explain to him, at great length and in no uncertain terms, that he considers staying with Sherlock to watch over him while he’s recovering from a lengthy hospital stay to be a far more important duty of his than to spend his every waking moment of free time with Mary, that he considers it a privilege to watch over him, not a duty, he didn’t mean for it to come out that way, and that
. If only the clock would go faster. Sherlock feels himself unravelling at the seams before the party has even made the move from church to reception venue. This is a bit not good and it’s getting worse. He still has to greet every last guest, still has to sit through the feast, still has to make his speech, still has to play the waltz. He really does need a hit if people, by which he means John, expect him to keep on functioning, even just marginally.
But what does it matter? All these uncertainties about himself and Sherlock that have always prevented him from acknowledging all this, much less share it with Sherlock… they’re as prominent as ever. Sherlock holds his gaze in that deeply intimate, intense way that he’s taken to doing recently and everything inside of John seems just about ready to burst. Then he goes and trashes himself on drugs, apparently completely unaware of the effect it would have on the person calling himself his best friend.
Come to think of it, John realises that he hasn’t seen much of him since the Fall and none of him at all since the wedding apart from their brief encounter when Sherlock was admitted to hospital a few days back, during which time John was practically insensate from emotional overstimulation. Not that Mycroft’s absence has left a hole in his life or anything of the sort – although John is generally less annoyed by the presence and conduct of Sherlock’s brother than Sherlock is, Mycroft and he are still far from friends. John isn’t about to forget Sherlock’s little revelation on the night of his return anytime soon: that Mycroft had not only known the truth all along and deliberately refused to share it with John despite witnessing his obvious grief only too clearly, but had actually helped Sherlock plan it all out, knowing what the end result was going to be from the very beginning. Adding insult to injury.
A resolution does indeed seem impossible now. There were chances and moments, but they’ve all passed and Sherlock failed to reach out his hand for them while they were there. Thus it is the presence of his emotions that he must attempt to alter. And this is the only way he knows how to do it. Indeed the idea has been on his mind for months now, slowly seeping out of its confines and along the lower levels of his mind palace, dripping and creaking and impossible to ignore. Like an earworm that you just can’t get out of your head. The most aggressive pull of the most addictive drug that Sherlock has ever experienced. A drug he’s been addicted to for most of his life and the hardest addiction to break of all, regardless of the fact that it has lain dormant ever since he met John. That’s all over now.
John vaguely recognises his own words from the evening in question and internally shrinks just a little bit further. He really said that, didn’t he? And at the time, he’d meant it.
John feels Mrs. Hudson shift as she turns to give Mycroft a scandalized look. He can feel himself mirroring her sentiment. Mycroft’s tone is conversationally sarcastic, a preferred combination of his. He doesn’t have the decency to look even the slightest bit flustered as they both turn on him.
He doesn’t say anything about Mary. Perhaps he doesn’t need to. His feelings on the matter are plainly audible between his words. John doesn’t know how to react to that. He’d thought that Sherlock and Mary were friends, that they cared for one another in much the same way as John and Sherlock care for each other (well… not in the same way as John
Perhaps it’s just because of Sherlock’s stay in hospital. John perceives him to be unusually vulnerable at the moment, incapable of handling any criticism and in need of constant support. When he no longer merits such attention, John’s doctoring side likely won’t be stimulated any longer and then the criticisms may return. Sherlock certainly has a lot to answer for, he’s well aware of that. But if that’s the case, if John is only being nice towards him now because of the state he’s in, if John will go home and leave Sherlock here alone as soon as he judges Sherlock to be well enough to handle it, well, so be it. There isn’t anything Sherlock can do to change it anyway. It is what it is.
He didn’t ask to be this way and he wishes that he wasn’t. But then, there never has been a particularly succinct connection between what his brain tells him to want and what he
It’s the quiet. It gnaws away at him already. It has no right to be this quiet. He lives in the middle of London for Christ’s sake, it’s never this quiet. There’s still the traffic outside his window, but it’s distant and constant, like a recording playing in another room. There’s no vibrancy, no unpredictability. Even the occasional honking of a car horn feels devoid of all intention. Empty cars without people. Sherlock assumes there are still people walking by, but he hasn’t the heart to check. What if he’s wrong? Even if he’s not, they remain silent. No voices reach him from the street. The sounds of traffic refuse to intermingle with the typical sounds of London life.
Sherlock traces the thinnest clock hand around the dial in the bottom right corner of his laptop screen. The flat is completely silent, all noises come from outside, but Sherlock pretends that he can hear the clock ticking its way through the numbers. Fifty-six, fifty-seven, fifty-eight, fifty-nine… one more minute has passed. Is it just in his head that time is moving slowly or might there actually be a defect in his computer?
John leans forward, deliberately and in full control, pulls Sherlock gently towards him and kisses him again. Closes his eyes and loses himself completely in the moment. Forgets everything else.
John feels his hands begin to tremble in his lap. It’s not quite the tremors of old, but it’s not far off the mark. Mary feels it too and tightens her grip on the hand she’s holding. Perhaps sensing his disintegrating self-control, she quickly offers an apologetic smile to Dr Trevelyan and then proceeds to excuse them both.
John swallows slightly before he resumes talking. “My point is, you’re a stubborn git and a pompous arsehole at the best of times. But at least with you, you know what you’re getting.” He looks down. “You don’t pretend. You’re just… you. And I don’t want to take that for granted, because I don’t think many people are. Are themselves, I mean, the way you’re you. All the time and unapologetically, no matter how annoying that may be at times. And I think that’s… I wish…”
, Sherlock is getting closer. Mycroft is wrong. It can be done and it should be done, but not for the reasons Mycroft thinks.
anything. Tonight had meant something. Only that something is an undefined something, a something that Sherlock’s over-worked brain has difficulty analysing in an objective fashion right now.
John runs a hand through his hair, partly to get his thoughts in order and partly just to buy time. He still has no idea what to say. He has no words. “Sherlock… I’m not sure…”
He’s got something for almost everyone on his list. Rosie has just recently begun to take an interest in picture books, so John and Sherlock had agreed to get her a big bunch of those, and John has just spent the better part of an hour scouring the Children’s section of Waterstones for the best ones. That part had actually been mildly festive as John had looked forward to going through them with Rosie on his lap. They’re also giving her a stuffed tiger (the only gift idea that Sherlock has contributed with this year, but predictably the best one). It has been on display in the window of the little second hand shop on the corner of Baker Street for the past two months and Rosie has been eagerly gesturing and giggling and exclaiming “tiger, tiger” at it every time they’ve taken her past it in her stroller. Sherlock says he’s been close to getting it for her on no less than five separate occasions just from the sheer longing on her face. It’s a bit on the pricey side even though it’s second hand, but what the hell. It’s Christmas.
The atmosphere down here is so thick and damp that it’s cloying. It reminds him of a Serbian cell he does not wish to be reminded of.
But that’s all in the past now. Some choices and chances, once wasted, never present themselves again. Some people, once abandoned, never turn up again. Or, if they do, they are not the same any longer and can’t or won’t offer what they used to. These scant few days Sherlock has been granted with John that feel just like old times are better than he could have hoped for and certainly more than he deserves.
. And I’ve never found it hard not to care about people I don’t know, on the contrary. When I work, I don’t feel for anyone involved. I just think. But it’s not because I know how to suppress it, it just… it just happens! And it’s not the same as being unable to feel anything. If it had been your murder or Molly’s or Lestrade’s…”
Sherlock frowns. He lifts his head from John’s shoulder (with far more reluctance than he would have liked), just enough to be able to tilt it back and look John in the eyes.
Only when he begins actively cracking down on it, actively monitoring the paths his mind chooses to pursue, does he realise just how bad it has become. Awfully often, he has to guide his thoughts away from dangerous territory. It seems like every fifth minute on average, or perhaps that’s guilt speaking.
And truth be told, Sherlock actually, surprisingly, has never really had a problem with Christmas. What he's always resented has been the enforced company of his family. Nowadays, with a family he's actually chosen for himself... well, he finds that he's even sort of almost enjoying the whole thing. Sure, the endless carolling and forced cheer everywhere is a pain to be subjected to and the amount of people mindlessly following this mixed bag of holiday traditions picked up over the past thousand years and stemming from everything from 9th century heathen beliefs to 1960’s marketing campaigns all squeezed awkwardly and uncomfortably together under the label of a ‘traditional Christmas’ frankly makes Sherlock lose an additional bit of faith in humanity… but when John is off from his work at the surgery, relaxing in his chair with a comforter and a cup of tea while Rosie is beaming up at them from the floor with her mouth stuffed full of Christmas cookies, it would be a blatant lie to claim that Sherlock did not enjoy it in the least or that he did not feel just a smidge of that fabled Christmas spirit.
“You made the right decision, for both of us, because I couldn’t. I couldn’t make that decision and you saw that and that’s all there is to it. That’s all I have to say.”
“We both know it’s true. You will always feel, Sherlock. You've already proved that you can master it. You've done that all your life. But the way he makes you feel… you don’t quite know if you want to master that or not. And if you don't know, you can’t do it. So you break your neck and he breaks your neck and on and on it goes until you end up here. With me.” Jim’s face softens. “But I want you to get better. And I believe you can.”
It’s not because he regrets confronting his own feelings. It’s not because he’s ashamed of what he’s found. It’s not because he’s planning on doing something about it. It isn’t going to make a difference, cause a change in his life or in his behaviour towards either Mary or Sherlock. As he established quite firmly last night, coming clean will do no one any good. But something still happened last night. Even if he chooses to ignore it, hide it away, never speak of it, never act on it, he can’t take his thoughts of last night back. They can’t be un-thought.
The moment their lips meet, it’s as though a switch somewhere deep inside Sherlock’s head is flicked… off? On? It’s difficult to tell, which only serves to increase Sherlock’s desire to repeat the experiment, preferably as many times as it takes for him to understand exactly why he wants to repeat it so badly. Somehow, he seems to be simultaneously relaxing and focusing. Maybe his brain is regaining momentum as it rids itself of the emotional tension that has been building up for the past several years. Or maybe his consciousness is not one unit at all, but rather a logical brain and a fanciful mind, his brain speeding up as his mind relinquishes its hold on him. Or maybe… Christ, Sherlock has a hundred possible explanatory models in mind, but right now his brain seems to only want to register one thing: to hell with the explanation, this feels
Incredibly, the feeling seems to be mutual. Because John is smiling at him. And not the stiff, forced
“What about Mary?” he says at last and it feels about the same as a well-placed punch to the stomach. The air is knocked out of John, or so it feels like.
Why has he become like this, this sad parody of himself, feigning intelligence and understanding. Once he was always at least two steps ahead of the world, now he’s dragged along behind it, fighting a losing battle to at least try to make sense of events as they rush past him. How much he hates it, hates what he sees in the mirror, hates this… this
But ignoring a problem won’t make it go away. Sherlock plucks the notice off the wall, folding it away carefully in his breast pocket before making his way down the hallway.
“Look, I understand that what I’m saying isn’t fair. Alright? It’s not. But it’s the best I can do right now, Mary, so I’m asking you to accept it. And I understand if you can’t, I do. Don’t think I don’t feel like shit to ask this of you. I love you! I just…”
that never received an answer in the time before the Fall. All the jealousy and insecurity. The roller-coaster ride of keeping up with Sherlock’s mood swings while they lived together. The journey of trying to figure out what kind of person he really was deep inside after they’d just met, sorting through a seemingly endless tangle of information and trying to breach his defenses. Running into Mike outside Bart’s that day. Coming back to England. Surviving that bullet. Entering the army and accepting that mission in Afghanistan.
With Mary, it’s easy. John knew where he had her and understood what she was thinking from day one. There were no uncomfortable what-ifs. It all went as smoothly as a well-oiled machine and perhaps that’s what John should be aiming for. Stability and security. That’s what anyone would choose.
“I understand if you don’t want to do it yourself. I understand that, Sherlock. You’re a brain. You think things and you plan things, but you don’t execute things. You stay above it all. Just like I’ve always done. We’re alike you and I, you know that.”
He can hear voices. The people gathered around the bonfire that’s about to become his funeral pyre are talking, but the words are drowned by the fire. Just background noise. The seconds pass like hours. He’s waiting for inevitability.
In the end, John is damned if he does, damned if he doesn’t. There’s no true explanation he can safely give and there’s no false explanation he can possibly justify to himself to use.
In that moment, John almost feels able to put the one question to Sherlock that he’s burning to have the answer to. But he can’t. He isn’t ready yet and perhaps it isn’t the best time either, with his wife less than four minutes out of the door.
John tries. The following days, he makes a real effort to keep his thoughts strictly where they need to be.
Lying here with Sherlock sleeping contently in his arms, John is suddenly struck by a sort of euphoric rush that he hasn’t experienced before. Nothing like an adrenaline rush, yet it sets his heart beating in much the same way. John isn’t particularly religious, never has been. He’s usually reserved his communications with the almighty for moments of extreme stress and danger. So it’s not God in particular that he thinks of now. More like the general presence of good in the world. For there must be some good in the world when it’s possible for people to find each other the way he and Sherlock have. And not just find each other, but find each other again and again and again every time they’ve been lost.
John sips his wine slowly, letting the flavour swirl around his mouth. He had been wrong about himself. He had thought Captain John Watson was as close to his core being as he could come. But he had never fully felt himself until he met Sherlock. It was as simple as that. Sherlock had drawn out all of his truest sides, both the good and the bad, in a way that nothing and no one had ever done before or after. John Watson only became John Watson after Sherlock Holmes. But if that’s true, then can there even be a John Watson without a Sherlock Holmes? It’s a question John has often asked himself and he still isn’t sure. He has undoubtedly improved his ability to be John Watson without Sherlock Holmes during the last two years. He has managed to get hold again of some of those pieces of himself drifting around, especially since Mary entered his life. Still it’s true that much of John Watson lies buried with Sherlock Holmes. That’s who Sherlock Holmes was to John Watson. While Sherlock was still…
"Is that it?" John demanded and the tone of his voice caused Sherlock to stop. Had he not known John was an Omega, he would have thought he was an Alpha with that tone. John was becoming more interesting by the moment.
"How do you feel about the violin?" Sherlock said turning his attentions back to John, his new flatmate.
"I've got the cab number." John informed Sherlock when he stopped after the taxi had vanished from sight.
John followed Sherlock out of their flat and down the stairs. "Sorry, Mrs Hudson, I'll skip the tea. Off out."
"Oi!" Someone yelled, alerting everyone that their two minutes were up Sherlock tightened his grip on John's hand before taking off away form the officer, taking John with him.
"Flew back from Dalian Friday. Looks like he had back-to-back meetings with the sales team." Van Coon's PA read off the Van Coon's schedule.
He knew that the way he was dealing with his emotions about everything that had happened to him was not healthy, his therapist constantly reminded him of that every time he was forced to see her. She wanted him to talk about it, but John couldn't. She wanted him to write about it, but every time John opened his laptop to try and begin writing, the walls around him would start closing in on him. John knew he needed to find away to help him deal with his loss, wither it be talking to someone who he could trust, writing it in a blog, or even being able to admit it to himself.
"If you do move into, um... 221B Baker Street," He read from the notebook, I'd be happy to pay you a meaningful sum of money on a regular basis to ease your way." That pissed John off. Who did this man thank he was? Did he really expect John to spy on Sherlock? A thought suddenly hit him. How many new acquaintance had this man kidnapped and offered money for them to spy on Sherlock? How many had actually taken the offer?
"Right. Down to business." Sebastian growled out. He wanted them both out of his office. "I'm glad you could make it over, we've had a break-in." He stood up and began leaving the room with out pausing to wait for them. "Sir William's office, the bank's former chairman. The room's been left here like a sort of memorial." He explained while quickly leading them out of his office and through the main room to the biggest office on that floor. "Someone broke in late last night."
"You're not broken." Sherlock told him firmly. "You're wounded, not broken." It was silent between them before Sherlock forced himself to look back at the street as he pushed his menu away from him. "Eat. We might have a long wait." Angelo came back and placed a non-scented candle in the middle of their table.
"The time was right, but the date was wrong. It was set two days ago. Crossed the date line twice and he didn't alter it." Sherlock informed as they stepped onto the second escalator.
"It's exactly the same as the cipher." John told him under his breath before clearing his throat. The cipher wasn't letters, it was numbers!
"I'll explain later." Sherlock whispered soothingly before turning his attention back to Lestrade. "I'm not your sniffer dog."
"Clings to walls like an insect." Sherlock continued deducing, ignoring the Detective. "That's how he got in." He said looking out the skylight to the roof.
"Yeah, I'm not that John Watson." John snapped. That John was useful, he could still conceive. The John he was now was broken. His hand began to twitch again and, trying not to draw attention to it, switched his cup to the other hand.
"Yes, well." Sebastian said tight-liped, obviously barely holding in a snide remark about John. He pulled at his suit collar, obviously uncomfortable with John in his work space. Sherlock caught a glimpse of his watch, two days off. Traveled around the world. Twice. "Grab a pew." He ordered Sherlock who bit back the urge to be childish and remain standing. "Do you need anything, coffee, water?" Sebastian asked John. Sherlock bared his teeth at the Alpha, John was
"We found it." John said with a smile as Sherlock continued down the road. Sherlock lead them to the same restaurant that Eddie Van Coon had stopped off at and ordered John a drink.
"We don't know that it was suicide." Sherlock told him, annoyed. John looked at him in shock, what did he mean by that. The evidence clearly pointed to suicide. What was it that Sherlock was seeing that stated other wise?
"But it's all computer-generated, " Sherlock finished leading John up the stairs to the National Gallery, "electronic codes, electronic ciphering methods. This is different. It's an ancient device. Modern code-breaking methods won't unravel it." Instead of going into the National Gallery like John expected, Sherlock began to lead him to the side of the building.
"Back of the right leg." Sherlock said pointing to the leg. "Tiny splash marks on the right heel and calf not present on the left. She was dragging a wheeled suitcase behind her with her right hand. Don't get that splash pattern any other way. Smallish case, going by the spread. Case that size, woman this clothes-conscious, could only be an overnight bag so we know she was staying one night. Where is it, what have you done with it?"
"I never said you did." John told him honestly sending another wave of that strange, warm feeling through Sherlock again.
"Yeah," John scoffed, "like that's gonna happen." Harry had her own problems to deal with, she didn't need to have to be forced to take in and look after her broken Omega brother.
"I, uh... I refreshed it a bit." Molly told him shyly as hope shined in her eyes. She had put it on in hopes to catch his attention, and she had thought it had worked.
"I'm kind of in a meeting. You can make an appointment with my secretary." Sebastian told Sherlock condescendingly causing the other three men to laugh as if Sebastian had just told a joke. John caught one of the Alphas checking him up and down before winking at him pissing him off. Just because he was broken and could not conceive did not mean he was some plaything for any and all Alpha's looking to get their rock's off without any consequences. John went to punch the Alpha, but before his could, he was suddenly flush up against Sherlock's side as he growled loudly at the Alpha who had hit on him, gaining the attention of everyone else in the restaurant.
"It says here you were a soldier." She said, the look in her eyes and the tone in her voice made John slightly uncomfortable. She was definitely flirting with him. But why? Why now?
"Of course. Yes. Enough for a life time, far too much." Sherlock finally stopped with his chest nearly touching John's, and for a split second, John wondered if the Alpha was going to either scent him, kiss him, or both.
Once he had his breath again, Sherlock stumbled his way to the front door."The milk's gone off and the washing started to smell. Somebody left here in a hurry three days ago." Sherlock croaked out the second he opened the door. At hearing the state his voice was in, John's anger immediately faded only to be replaced with concern.
After getting his schedule for his shifts, John quickly left the small clinic and high tailed it back home wondering if he should tell Sherlock about the Beta or not. The Alpha was already busy trying to solve this case, the most interesting case they've had since the 'Study in Pink' as he had dubbed their first case together, and John didn't want to distract Sherlock from The Work, as Sherlock dubbed it. With that decided, John spent the rest of the journey home trying to erase every trace of his distress over being flirted with from his mind and body. It wouldn't do for Sherlock to deduce it and throw a fit.
"'Trust issues,' it says here." He read out and John paled. Had this man somehow gotten a hold of his confidential therapy notes? How much did this man know about him?
"Catchy." John growled out receiving an eye roll from the young man before the Omega went back to spray painting.
. It's German for 'revenge'." Anderson said as Sherlock walked over towards the door. "She could be trying to tell us something..."
"Bills?" John asked. What did bills have anything to do with this? John's eyes widened when Sherlock suddenly pulled something black and papery from Van Coon's mouth. And, unless Van Coon had placed that in his mouth before shooting himself, then Sherlock was right that this was not a suicide.
"Sixty second apart." Sebastian pointed out switching between the frame without graffiti and the frame with graffiti. "So, someone came up here in the middle of the night, splashed paint around and left within a minute."
"What kind of boss was he, Amanda? Appreciative?" Sherlock asked, eyes roaming over her desk, taking in everything. A luxury hand cream.
"I'm not his date." John muttered awkwardly. It hurt to hear John say that, did John not want to be his date?
"Why do you keep saying suitcase?" The Inspector asked cutting into their strange little moment causing Sherlock to jolt back as if he had been shocked.
"Freak's here. Bringing him in." She growled into her walkie as she and Sherlock lead him into the abandoned building that was their crime scene. On their way inside, John watched Sherlock look at everything and wondered what he was seeing, what stories was he being told? When they were right in front of the door, another Beta step out and blocked their way. This one was a scrawny looking male in a blue forensics suit. When he saw Sherlock his lips puckered as if he had just took a bite of a lemon.
"I'll go and see Van Coon's PA." Sherlock told him. "If we retrace their steps, somewhere they'll coincide." They had made it outside, Sherlock pulled John close to peck him on the lips before he turned and walked away without a word. The annoyance returned as John tried to get a taxi and three open taxis passed him by before he was finally able to get one to stop, all the while feeling as if someone was watching him.
"That's a skull." John said noticing the scull on the mantel after the Alpha had moved over there while 'straightening up' and stabbed a knife into the mantel.
"Then why did they die?" John asked. "It doesn't make sense, if the both turn up at the shop and deliver the goods why would someone threaten them and kill them after the event, after they'd finished the job?"
"In a manner of speaking. Took me less than a minute to guess yours, not exactly Fort Knox." Sherlock told him. He heard John sigh just before he stormed over and slammed the laptop shut and took it away. Point taken. When John is in a bad mood, do not touch his stuff with out permission. Would John be willing to come with him to the bank when he was in such a bad mood? He needed to physically go to the bank and look at everything to see what was missing from the e-mail.
Apart from that first night when John didn’t have the energy or indeed the mood to listen, Sherlock hasn’t mentioned his activities or whereabouts during the last couple of years with more than a sentence or two thrown in every once in a while.
. Christ, what has he become? The Great Sherlock Holmes, the man who sees right through everyone and everything in seconds. What’s incredible, though, is how spectacularly ignorant he is about some things. And how spectacularly pathetic he is, reading about himself on John’s blog because it feels as though the only thing able to save him right now, however momentarily, is a friendly voice.
“They wanted to make you good. And you tried, Sherlock. You have tried all your life. Subconsciously. Consciously. Subconsciously again. That deep pool of water lapping at your feet in wave after wave, pulling the foundation out from beneath you one grain of sand at a time. All your life, in all your dreams… deep water.”
John has always felt more than a little self-conscious about the enjoyment he got out of the war. He refrained from mentioning it at any of the countless meetings with his therapist after he was sent home – considered it more than a bit not good and definitely too revealing to share with a complete stranger, professional non-disclosure agreement or not – which probably contributed a great deal to her misdiagnosing him with PTSD when it was really the opposite. Can’t blame her when he wasn’t being quite honest with himself and much less with her. It was only after meeting the Holmeses that John was able to acknowledge it to himself, the powerful rush and sense of purpose and belonging that had kept him hooked in Afghanistan through the very worst months of the war. The war had given him something, something truly special. Something that might not please any therapist, or any sane person for that matter, but which had enabled him to find a degree of peace and resolve previously missing from his life. Yes, it had been stressful. Yes, it had been filled with danger and anxiety and sleepless nights and one too many drunken evenings and a constant soreness due to overexertion and all that. But the adrenaline rush and the excitement and the fun… that had been worth every second.
, it just isn’t enough! It’s not the way he wants it to be, not deep down. Like a spoiled brat, he has it all and yet he just isn’t satisfied. Mary is every bit as caring and lovely as she was the day they met, but no matter how hard John tries to focus on that, tries to drive all the unwanted thoughts out of his head, it just doesn’t work. It’s the same old story all over again. Next to Sherlock, everyone else just seems… boring.
The answer does give John pause, though. Sherlock’s parents have only been here to see him the once, the day after his admittance to hospital, which John had understood to be because they live quite a bit outside London (in Sussex, if he remembers correctly from a few insinuations Sherlock has made over the years). Have they really been staying a block or two away and not opted to return to the hospital even once since that initial visit? John can understand it being difficult for them to see their son unconscious, but it’s not as though it hasn’t been difficult for him to be here and he’s stayed from the fucking get-go until the bitter end.
John’s arms wrap around his waist. They fit together so naturally, Sherlock thinks, lining up so perfectly to each other. But then he wonders whether that’s an entirely objective observation or just his transport once again hijacking his brain.
Mycroft may have been right that he is a desperate man, but he failed to grasp in what way. He would never do this out of jealousy, vengeance or even pride. What he
written underneath in Sherlock’s own, slightly shaky hand. Further down, the hallway merges into a long, narrow corridor with doors on both sides. Most of them are in perfect order. There’s a near-perfect recreation of Baker Street behind door three. (It would be a perfect replica if not for John and Mrs. Hudson moving things around in his flat and upsetting his system. If only his socks were as easy to locate in the real flat as they are in his recreation of it.)
Ah, the wonderful world of delays! I did actually have this chapter mostly wrapped up and finished about a week ago, but I've been nasty sick since last Friday, so... here it is at last! Thank you so much to everyone who's reading this. I really hope you enjoy!
Something dark and disturbing twists around in Sherlock’s stomach. He can’t manage more than a weak smile and a nod as John and Mary move away in among the other guests. They sway. Sherlock assumes it’s in time with the music, but it’s difficult to tell. The headache is taking centre stage again now, pushing his registration of the music into the back of his mind.
Sherlock considers. There’s a lot to consider, every thought is jostling for space. “It doesn’t matter now, no. It can’t be undone. I would change it if I could, but… perhaps it wouldn’t have changed much at all. Everyone has a weak spot. Moriarty had found mine. I would have had to leave no matter what and I didn’t know if I was going to make it back. Why make it even harder than it already was? Knowing that I did come back, perhaps it would have been the better option. But at the time, I simply thought… I thought it would do more harm to tell you than to keep my mouth shut. Yes, I would never get to say it… but you might have rejected me and then I would have had to live with that while I was away. I don’t think I could have made it back if I hadn’t had any hope that there was something for me to return to. And in the meantime, you would have had to live with my last words being an ill-timed declaration. I calculated… I
She does speak eventually. When it’s nearing nine o’clock and John still hasn’t uttered a single sentence comprised of more than three words, Mary suggests that they go home. She does it gently, all softness and understanding. Mary as a nurse. Professional tone of voice that she’s been taught to use when addressing grieving relatives and friends judged to be less than fully functioning in the face of their dear ones’ injuries. John’s been through that course too, he knows the drill. Gentle pat on the shoulder, reassuring smile, calm voice, relaxed demeanour. He even knows how easy it is to fall back on your medical training when you don’t know how to handle a particular situation. Tailoring medical expertise to a personal experience is not the easiest thing to do. So he doesn’t mind Mary’s tone all that much. Her arguments are not devoid of logic either, not by a long shot, so John hears her out.
“No, it’s not!” John finally shouts, slamming his hand on the table beside him because that’s the only way he can think of to just make her listen for two seconds. “It’s not as simple as that, it just isn’t!” He stands up, turning his back, but has to concede to meet her gaze when he hears Mary begin to speak again. “It’s not that simple, alright? Look, I love you! I married you because I wanted to and you know what’s changed in the way I feel about you since then? Nothing, that’s what! But something has changed in the way I feel about him. He almost died, Mary! He could have, easily. I thought I had lost him for a second time! You know what it did to me the first time. Did you really think I could live through that again without it changing anything? I need time, Mary, time to think things through! I can’t just say yes or no! I know that’s what you want and I know it’s only fair of you to ask, but I can’t give you an answer! Not now!” John pauses for a moment. He has to force himself to continue. “I can’t give you an answer now. You can accept that or you can’t… and believe me, I would understand if you couldn’t. But it’s not what I want!”
“There’s all this… all these expectations. And I don’t mean society’s expectations. I know you don’t approve of those and I’m honestly inclined to agree with you on that point. Honestly,” he reiterates as Sherlock raises an eyebrow. John actually laughs at that. “I mean it. I just don’t live by it the same way you do. And don’t get me wrong, you’re a right prick about it most days and your verbal objections to ordinary people’s way of being ordinary at the most inopportune moments frankly makes everything ten times as difficult as it bloody well has to be. And that’s not even mentioning your behaviour at times. I don’t think the number of innocents you’ve actually managed to scar for life even bears thinking about.” He laughs again. “Do you remember that House Mistress at St. Aldate’s? I bet she’s still in need of therapy, that one.”
it? Why do they have to be like this, the two of them? Why can’t they just say what they feel and be done with it? Why must it always be like this, everything coming out so slowly and awkwardly that it’s an embarrassment to think of, half of it said in metaphors and innuendos, the other half of it being left unsaid?
He’s made compromises in the past. Joining the army was one such compromise. A way to be reckless and abnormal and dangerous within a societally sanctioned, morally acceptable framework.
John is never silent either. Even when he isn’t speaking, he’s always making some form of noise. The steady huff when he breathes, the soft sounds his clothes make when he shifts or the various minor exhalations of air he uses to communicate all the things he doesn’t want to communicate, from annoyance to arousal. Sherlock knows all those sounds. He has them catalogued. Then there are all the sounds John creates around him. The regulated clicks of the keyboard when he’s typing, interspersed with moments of contemplation while he tries to formulate the next sentence. The sound of flowing water when he’s pouring tea, then a quick splash of milk and, occasionally, the rustle of sugar and the brief clang when he puts the lid back on the pot, quickly and conspiratorially, as though he’s done a bad thing and expects Sherlock to comment on it. John usually takes his tea black. Or with a little milk if he’s left the bag in too long, which isn’t unusual. Sugar is reserved for early evenings after long shifts, early mornings after all-night cases or middays when he’s particularly exasperated about something. Sherlock has noticed. He always does where John is concerned. Every little scrap of information, every deduction no matter how simple, meticulously stored away and catalogued together with everything else to do with John Watson.
"Get into the car, Dr Watson." The man said before hanging up as a black car with tented windows pulled up in front of him and a man got out and opened the door. John sighed and limped out of the phone booth and into the car where a woman with shoulder length curly brown hair sat typing away on a blackberry. John took a deep breath to get her scent, but she was smart enough to be using scent blockers and odorless products to cover her scent. John couldn't even tell if she was an Alpha, Beta, or an Omega. Once he was in the car, the man shut the door before taking off.
"Mrs Hudson, isn't it time for your evening soother?" He asked. "Get vehicles, get a helicopter. We're gonna have to move fast. This phone battery won't last forever."
"My phone?" John asked, eyes narrowing in suspicion as his mind tried to race to figure out what Sherlock already knew.
"It's not what they saw." Sherlock muttered trying to keep himself focused on the case and not how delicious John was starting to smell. "It's what they both brought back in those suitcases."
it. He gets off on it. The weirder the crime, the more he gets off. And you know what? One day just showing up won't be enough. One day we'll be standing round a body and Sherlock Holmes will be the one that put it there."
"End of Baker Street there's a good Chinese. Stays open till 2:00. You can tell a good Chinese by the bottom third of the door handle." Sherlock informed John who froze when he saw the mysterious caller step out of a familiar black car. From the growl Sherlock was letting out, John was sure he had spotted the man as well.
"Well?" John asked and for a split second Sherlock feared that John had already caught on. "You asked me to come, I'm assuming it's important." The case! John was talking about the case!
"He climbed up the side of the walls, ran along the roof, dropped in through this skylight." Sherlock informed them.
"Show me." The man ordered. The two stood in tense silence as John battled himself. He wanted to know what the hell the man was talking about but at the same time he wanted to leave. Finally, John held up his left hand. The man walked closer and reached out to touch it and John growled and snapped at him. The man gave him a reprimanding look before gently taking a hold of John's hand. "Remarkable." He said with a smirk as he let John's hand go.
When they had gotten to the bedroom, Sherlock gently pushed John onto the bed before disappearing confusing John. And then, Sherlock had come back with John's night clothes. "Change." The Alpha had ordered gently handing John his clothes before stepping out. After John realized what the heck was going on, he had changed. And before he could let Sherlock know he was done, Sherlock was back in the room and was now laying, sprawled out, on the bed. He had also changed and was now in sweats and a house coat.
"This is Angelo." Sherlock introduced. "Three years ago I proved to Lestrade at the time of particularly vicious triple murder that Angelo was in a completely different part of town, house-breaking." He informed forcing his mind away from John to watch the street.
"Um, no, mundane is good, sometimes." He told her, smiling warmly as he thought of Sherlock sitting back at home trying to figure out what those symbols meant. "Mundane works."
"And I said 'dangerous,' and here you are." Sherlock countered before moving over to John and gently pulled him out of the chair. Within seconds, Sherlock had John in his coat and was leading him out of the flat. His plan was set in motion. He would kill two birds with one stone.
"Useless!" John hissed before storming over to the coat closet and grabbing his coat from it. "I guess I'll have to do the shopping. You just lay there and do nothing but mope."
"Well, I doubt it, since she's been dead for 14 years. Technically she was never alive." Lestrade said and John sucked in a breath at that causing Sherlock to tighten his hold for a second. "Rachel was Jennifer Wilson's stillborn daughter, 14 years ago."
"Date stamped on the book is the same day that he died." Sherlock told him as they began to search for the shelf the book had come from. They easily found the shelf and Sherlock pulled out another copy of the book and began to flip through it while John scanned the neighboring shelf waiting for Sherlock to find whatever clue he needed. John pulled out a thick book intending to flip through it only to spot what he thought looked like paint on the back of shelf and began to pull out hand fulls off books.
Once at the top of the escalators Sherlock lead John to the reception desk. The Beta woman there looked up, "Sherlock Holmes." He told her before she could question them. His eyes narrowed challengingly when her eyes drifted from him to John and stayed there just a second too long. The woman, at seeing his glare, quickly looked him up.
"But the police don't consult amateurs." John said causing Sherlock to smirk at him, and with a jolt he realized that Sherlock was telling him with that one smirk that he was no amateur.
"Pity, we could have split the fee." He joked and wondered if he had made the situation worse when John tensed, before relaxing with a laugh. Right, John was better, back to the case. Slowly, almost as if he were reluctant, Sherlock removed his arms from around John and took a step back, taking a few sniffs as he did. He became very pleased with himself when his scent was the only thing he could smell on John.
"I'll get a candle for the table. It's more romantic." Angelo said before leaving. John opened his mouth, probably to correct him again, only to sigh and close his mouth.
"£10! £10!" The woman pushed and Sherlock caught John closing his eyes and breathing in deep to calm himself. "I think your wife, she will like."
"Oh, Mrs Hudson, the landlady, she's given me a special deal. Owes me a favour." Sherlock said nonchalantly. "Few years back, her Mate got himself sentenced to death in Florida. I was able to help out."
"I'm not even sure it's a proper language." He told Sherlock with a smirk causing Sherlock growl at him in annoyance.
"Wait until you get the ballistics report. The bullet in his brain wasn't fired from his gun, I guarantee it." Sherlock said before taking John by the wrist and began to lead him out of the apartment.
"Victim is in her late 30's, and as John just clearly stated, is pretending to be an Omega. Professional person, going by her clothes." Sherlock said gently grabbing John's upper arm and helped him stand up as he stood up. "I'm guessing something in the media, going by the frankly alarming shade of pink. Traveled from Cardiff today intending to stay in London one night." Sherlock began to look around the room for something. "It's obvious from the size of her suitcase."
"Guys, we're also looking for a mobile somewhere here, belonged to the victim..." Lestrade said obviously ignoring what John had told him. John groaned and sat back in the desk chair running his hands through his hair going over everything that night. Sherlock had asked some questions earlier that night, questions neither of them had the answer to. Maybe if John could figure out that answers then they could solve the case.
"Right, so she's not an actual Omega. She's taking suppressants to hide her Beta scent and using Omega based products to make herself smell like an Omega. Why I am unsure of. It's obvious she's taken poison, but anyone who's read the news papers could tell that. She died of Asphyxiation, due to the poison, again obvious. There is no scent of Alcohol or anything other than rain and her false Omega scent that is fading to allow her natural Beta scent to come out. It's clearly been 24 hours since she has last taken her suppressants." John trailed off at the intense look he was receiving from Sherlock, had he said something wrong?
"Maybe a little." John told him never looking up from the phone as he wondered how Sherlock had gotten his number.
"Size eight feet. Small, but athletic." The killer had been in the house. John rang the doorbell once more as Sherlock took note of a smudge on the glass of a picture frame. "Small, strong hands. Our acrobat. Why didn't he close the window when he left..." He was still in the house. "Oh, stupid, stupid! Obvious. He's still here." Where was he hiding? Behind the changing screen? Sherlock carefully walked over to the changing screen and looked behind it only to have something thrown around his throat.
"Anything else you can do?" She asked, fluttering her eyes at him. John shook his head and she smiled at him. "Well, welcome a board, John."
"When one is avoiding the attention of Sherlock Holmes, one learns to be discreet, hence this place." The man said and John scoffed. Right, very discreet. "Your leg must be hurting you. Sit down." The man ordered.
level of concentration to achieve. Sign language is faster and better at distance and in groups. Oh, and you're going to give me some bullocks about deaf
Death, then, and John was long since finished mourning but couldn't bear to let the memories go. A lover, killed in the war, most likely.
“Right,” John said, pulling the large bag of oatmeal over his right shoulder to start loading the sled.
“Not a word,” Mike promised, beaming. Proud of his connection to such a phenomenal man, John guessed. He didn't blame him. Mike had always been a bit of a sycophant, even for just particularly intimidating professors.
John glanced around the room, unsure what to do with himself now that he'd landed here. He needed to sit down and rest his arms, that was certain, but he
just to hear Sherlock’s deep voice again. Just the sound of it made him happier, made him feel like a whole world of adventure was opening up for him. He
John, predictably, did nothing but raise his eyebrows, a gesture Sherlock was coming to understand as a simple 'yes'.
He should have seen it coming sooner, Sherlock thought, staring at his laptop screen. John was standing at the window watching Lestrade and Donovan climb
his eyes. This was not going to go well. She shook his hand and Mycroft's before turning with her signs to Sherlock.
ground floor and him, two of which aren't even legal in this country," Sherlock said, finishing up the drawing and ripping it off the pad to start on
conspiracy-theorist-level scheme over him and the world, pretending to be a genius in a world of idiots. Sherlock had needed everything to have a
shepherd's pie for the man, but no one answered. She left the tupperware by his door to get stolen.
“It is good to see him again,” he said, straightening his filthy uniform and making his way out of the room. He hesitated by the door. “Let me know.. If
turned on the water. He pulled off his shirt on his own, glad for the opiates that kept his shoulders from screaming at the action. He paused for a moment,
With ear damage, apparently, as a likely corollary. The ringing was internal then, nothing to be done about it. Sherlock let his arms drop. The fact that
John waited in the alley by the front door the next week, hoping Moran would arrive so he could be done with the nastiness.
back, shot the restrained man, and escaped,” Sherlock listed. John opened his eyes to stare at him, his mouth agape in wonder.
was exposed – dry grass stood up from its light dusting of snow and waved in the faint breeze. Sod insulation, Sherlock thought. Apparently this barren
"-A-N-T-H-E-A, she -P-S-Y-C-H-O-P-A-T-H?" John asked, flabbergasted. Sherlock smiled at him quietly and turned back to stare at the Reichenbach painting in
"Cowards," he hissed aloud, starting for the closest tube entrance. It was two streets in the wrong direction but still faster given his normal running
"Do they change something for you?" he asked seriously and John sighed, pushing his hands into his pants pockets.
John met the man's gaze, trying to decide how much of his anger he could show without getting kicked out of the office entirely. Major Reed stared back,
"I didn't. We're idiots - it's not a strict system," John explained and Sherlock's face lit up in understanding, only to cloud again. John wrapped an arm
"What do you need from him, then?" she asked. John blinked, wondering what she was trying to do, and she shrugged. "Couples therapy. We've all done it.
mourning him. He’d known it’d take this long, he told himself. This was fine, all according to plan. Still he couldn’t shake the feeling that he was very
cafeteria tray marking his last meal. He was wearing a purple shirt now and his hair was wet. He’d showered. John frowned, thinking back. He was fairly
terms. John snorted, the sound too loud in the room, holding up the last list. Moon, sun, stars, orbit. An inside joke, planted for him to find when he got
So either Moriarty had a plan that was going to kill John or a plan that’d give him a clue. Sherlock took a seat at the long table at the side of the room,
“Uh, here, use mine,” John offered, pulling his phone from his jacket pocket. Moriarty looked up from his glass beakers to watch him for a moment, not looking particularly surprised at the offer.
"John arrested. Drunk," Sherlock explained, closing his eyes. Christ he was tired. "Bloody…handcuffs," he cursed and Lestrade was finally silent. Sherlock
Hell, Sherlock hadn't even had to go in after the banker, he'd just lowered the man a damn lockpick and gun and the banker had gotten out on his own.
"So you just jumped, engineered it all, and never answered any of these texts?" Donovan demanded, pointing to the projector. She had cut her hair shorter,
"-You ask me -I -learn -sign why?," John guessed and Sherlock nodded. The man leaned back on the countertop behind him and crossed his arms, looking
want his shoulders intact, so he could punch Sherlock’s face in, after they were far from here. Mike shoved the camera into his back pocket and pulled out
lines on either side of the floor and the numbered lots. It was a huge basement garage, lit up only by overhead lights.
Sherlock yelled, when he needed a right turn, leaning away from the porcupine trap to head to the west. "Gee!" he called again and the dogs obediently
near the billiard room. Sherlock, as always, chose Miss Scarlet and rolled the dice to move into the lounge.
gray table covered in tacked bowls and cutting boards. White Christmas lights were taped up above one window in a bedraggled bunch, the cord awkwardly
where there should have been years of grime buildup. Sherlock skipped under the tape, ignoring the officers' shouts of protest, wanting to growl at them
shout and let himself get pulled backwards, not daring to fight. His shoulder would redislocate itself for sure. The sergeant released his arm quickly,
wound beneath his hand, bleeding into his scarf. His eyes met John's again, full of wonder. John sighed, nodding. They both knew they were likely to lose
“Three assassins. You, Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade. I found a solution and that’s why you leave me?” Sherlock hissed. He didn’t understand. Why was he arguing
The last nurses filed out, leaving a very scared Molly Hooper standing in their wake, clasping her hands together tightly. She stood against the doorjam,
There was a purpose to Moriarty’s words. John saw it immediately. Torture hit harder if its victims had no cause, no faith, nothing to stand for. And
He finished perfecting the balance before he fetched his phone, guessing it was Mycroft begrudgingly congratulating him on their Magnussen take-down. He
disappeared around the willow grove beside the hut. Sherlock stepped back into the home, the only refuge from the weather for as far as he could see.
Sherlock sidled into the room, still wrapped tightly in his sheet. John watched him, wondering what was about to change. Sherlock noted his new position, able to see the door, and fiddled with the corner of the bedsheet.  ‘You’re right’ - when was the last time he’d heard Sherlock say that? And on such a subject.
He was a changed man. He’d been a changed man before he’d ever been dragged up on Mike’s hook. That had only served to drag it out into the light and bring
“Sherlock, please,” the man replied smoothly and held out his hand. His grip was soft and casual and John responded likewise.
"Those two. They all right?" they heard Mr. Holmes ask. John closed his eyes in mortification. He shouldn't have deceived the man.
“I lied to you,” Sherlock added finally, folding over his fingers to leave only his two index fingers pitched before his lips. John swallowed, remembering
bed, closing his eyes for some much needed sleep. He pressed the button for his morphine. He didn’t want to know what his nightmares would look like, if he
Sidewalk, hall. Shelf. Window. Fireplace," Sherlock listed until their drinks came. John smiled at the waitress, wondering if he looked rather desperate
Surprised as hell that the man actually obeyed, Sally led the way out of the conference room, relieved to get away from the horrible photographs. At least
“Oh, my boys! Home at last,” she said, drawing Sherlock into a hug. Sherlock accepted it, looking rather pleased at John's baffled expression.
freezing and thawing. Sherlock could not determine an exact age for the man, given the harsh climate's premature aging. The wrinkles around his eyes were
"Sherlock, why are there fishsticks in here?" John asked, carefully swishing around the canning jar of what looked like formaldehyde. He walked into the
could delete the image immediately. He’d forgotten John in the rush of it all. Remembered he’d had something precious to protect but forgotten
would have known how much he hated drugs, knew how much it reminded him of Harry's manipulative tantrums and his mother's drunken rages. Sherlock had known
It'd be enough. He'd figured that out. He'd stopped trying to find a woman who'd be okay with the fact that he'd rather eat take-away on paper plates
really," he added, noting the man's ragged clothing and the severe diabetes rash on his hand. "Smells bad, like something's rotting - untreated diabetes. A
"You look bad/mad/sad," she glanced toward John – almost definitely to refer to him, none of her projects were in that area of the lab. "_ you think
after a heavy snow. Gladstone worked with him, predicting the movement, and the sled slid to an easy stop.
wasn't it odd that he had the vomeronasal organ receptors for both sexes...oh he didn't care. Sherlock smelled good.
Mrs. Hudson was a short, entirely frumpy woman, likely in her sixties, who kept her hair tightly cut around her head in a brown blob and wore a perfectly matching purple skirt, blouse, and leggings that turned into a kind of violet onesie. She greeted Moriarty with a hug and John with a soft handshake.
Suddenly, though, Sherlock stilled, his whole body freezing though it'd seemed so still before. His face slowly lost its color, his eyes focusing on one
"Sorry, what?" Sherlock asked, finally turning away from the projected image. Greg met his eyes, feeling trapped. There was hurt clear in Sherlock’s gaze
but a hand was holding him down and panic was taking over. He kicked backwards but didn't land on anything, and he couldn't keep himself from inhaling, he
“I told her I’m alive, that I faked it but not how, and that you did not know. She hit me with a skillet,” Sherlock recounted, sounding affronted.
John paid him and made himself step out. The cement was hard beneath his feet and John wanted to puke, glancing over at the large rectangle worked into the
had to make his own way to the living room. He settled on the technique ‘bull it through’ and pushed himself to his feet. He quickly decided to forego any
Lestrade seemed to know it too, for he sat down at the desk with a quiet sigh, Donovan beside him, and stared at the photograph on the wall without
"I would offer you a drink but it's very rare and expensive," Magnussen commented, taking a sip for himself. John was starting to get tired of the
"Was unknown to you twenty four minutes ago," Sherlock protested. John settled back into his chair, unsure what more to say.
John come home with but had never questioned. He pulled the file open and scanned the pages. The profile of an assassin, a bald man with large muscles he’d
“You couldn't have guessed, John,” Sherlock stated. John winced, but didn't comment. He just wanted to get out of the noise.
was to acknowledge it and John decided it would be all around easier if he gave up and went back to sleep.
false suicide had been well calculated, painful and dangerous though it was. But this? He should get in the sled, get out of this place before his brain
John shut away in the sod house. John had lifted his traps and left them in the sled, silently declaring the trapping season suspended. He cut and sewed
John sighed, a heavy mournful sound in the quiet, and dropped into the single chair. Sherlock's smile melted from his face at the sound. John clasped his
"It's different in person. Jesus, John," Greg replied, swallowing and looking away from the mirror. John half-smiled, trying to look casual. Sherlock
Sherlock opened the door and walked inside before John because he almost always entered that way and John would have seen the difference if he'd held the
"Mmm. Likely not," He replied. He turned his head to face her so his eyes would stop scanning for John's face in the crowded place and caught Donovan
"-More?" Sherlock asked and John was about to nod when he heard the door open downstairs. He turned his head to listen at the steps.
cleaning chemicals on the rag, and nodded. He didn't want to think too much about what he might have ingested.
“Better,” John promised, watching as Sherlock tore into the basket of food. Mrs. Hudson looked him over carefully, her gaze falling over the healing wound
His old phone was still there, lying by the far wall. Sherlock walked over to it, wondering how the police had possibly missed it, much less Mycroft's
"Starving," he replied, his smile widening when he detected Sherlock walking faster toward the closest alley, no doubt knowing a shortcut.
John had not changed at all since the explosion; he needed no further information about the man. He was a reserved, brave man with a quiet wit and an
cracking away ice where the hair had frozen around the edges. He built up a fire and put the cannibal pot above the stove – a mixed slop of meat and gravy
"You've gotten all you want from me. You might as well stay to watch it. Leaving most certainly won't make it any worse," he snarled. John crossed his
bringing an armful of kindling with him, only to stop short just inside the door, blinking rapidly. Sherlock stood on the kitchen table, his head up
“Why will neither of you explain? I don’t appreciate it. I thought you died. John was catatonic. I know more than people tell me, you know, so I don’t
the kitchen. Sherlock settled into a dining chair with the newspaper without a word, apparently leaving John alone to the task of asking the Holmeses if
John nodded gratefully. He was damn lucky, of the apparent myriad of sadists in the world, Moriarty had chosen –
"We found a possible pick-up site," came over Lestrade's radio, two hours later. Sherlock jerked up from his seat, his chair flipping backwards, his eyes
Sherlock blinked and knew he looked like he'd been hit by a skillet. He schooled his expressions back in order and peered at her.
"Uh. No. Erm. John, John Watson," he stammered finally and she smiled awkwardly, clearly not recognizing the name. John sucked at his teeth, trying to
almost certainly have shite in your hair," John commented, walking over to the stove, trying to ignore the fact that Sherlock must have found his red photo
learning a damn language. Which really would never have been as difficult if the man weren't so dim about it in the first place. Emotions were antagonistic
John woke up with his head pounding in pain and his arms pulled together in front of him, his shoulders aching.
from the bench to stride deeper into the park. No, there was nothing on this earth that could convince him Sherlock had pulled some
Someone private, perhaps, obsessed with personal security. Possibly someone under threat," he said and trailed off. John waited only to realize Sherlock
John once had; she'd follow him around and answer texts and spew her awe around to all who'd listen to her.
haunts, avoid their unintended meeting. Sherlock was gone. The limo was idling, waiting for him. No doubt the driver was watching him, ready to report to
looking for clues there and walked toward him into the kitchen, apparently forgetting his own question.
concluding that his brother had been driven by a rational purpose. The subject was fairly well researched, he figured, and certainly tedious. John stirred,
He could probably get away with drinking a couple gallons of water and sleeping his hangover away. He pushed
time. All this fuss is to protect you. Your life, your reputation, your pride," Magnussen laughed. John didn't waver. He had no doubt the man could talk
"The woman spent the entire last time we were here staring at my hair. Am I supposed to ignore all other evidence like the fact that she was serving us
" 'Lock Holmes," he grunted back, pretending to tip a nonexistent hat. Was that what he thought the British were like? Sherlock would know how long the man
"You're worried they're right," Sherlock stated. That hurt unnecessarily. He'd stay with John anyway. It wouldn't effectively change anything.
This was how sign was supposed to look, a whole story painted with color, not a list of words. That was obvious, and after months John couldn't do it at
"Yes," John answered. Mycroft didn't reply. The silence was horrible. John swung his feet down from the bed and sat up. He wasn't getting any more sleep.
man worked the sourdough into the skin with his fingers, wanting to tear a reaction out of the man.
killed every man and woman associated with Jim Moriarty. Spared the children, perhaps. Maybe. Dug the fingernail sculptures out of the broken vent and cut
it. John was out of this case, apparently. That hurt, but he was hardly going to complain to Mycroft. He hadn't seen the man since that strange night in
Still, the man hadn't replaced his wire ties, and as far as John could tell, hadn't noticed the small amount of damage he'd made to them. There was hope.
"I just need to talk about the rent." Sherlock said, it was obvious in his voice that he was desperate to get to John.
Sherlock sighed and grabbed John's laptop once more and signed in. He quickly messaged the person about where the Jaria Diamond could be found before checking his most recent e-mail. Sherlock's eyes narrowed and growled when he saw who it was from. Sebastian Wilkes. Him and Wilkes had gone to Uni together, even stayed in the same building. Wilkes had been someone who Sherlock had thought would be a friend, would possibly understand him. They had seemed to get along quite well, until Sherlock deduced something he shouldn't have. And then Sebastian tormented him the rest of Uni.
"Are you still at Barts then?" John asked and Mike seemed eager to talk about something that didn't seem be a touchy subject.
"Mike, can I borrow your phone? There's no signal on mine." Sherlock said after getting the results from his test.
"Really? I thought it was a big improvement. Your mouth's too small now." He told her in hopes that it would keep her from wanting to date him as he went back to The Work while taking a sip of his coffee.
The morning after the shooting, John woke up and it took his mind a few minute to realize he was alone in Sherlock's room. Slowly his mind recalled the memory of last night. After getting a taxi home and ordering delicious Chinese, Sherlock had taken John gently by the wrist and took him to his room, shocking John. When he had planned to go to bed last night, he had thought he would be taking the upstairs bedroom. But obviously, Sherlock had had other plans.
"You've got to admit, it's similar. Both man killed by someone who can walk through solid walls." John pointed out.
"Now, look. Do you see what's missing?" Sherlock asked. John would figure it out because his John was smart. He watch John opened his mouth before shutting it and began to look at the case. Come on John, it's obvious. It's right there. You see it.
"Yet, since yesterday you've moved in with him and now you're solving crimes together." The man said giving him a hard look as he checked him up and down. "Might we expect a happy announcement by the end of the week?" John grip on his cane tightened as he fought the urge to hit the man with it. How dare the man insinuate that John was trying to force Sherlock into mating him! He was broken and useless, and Sherlock was not looking for a Mate!
the British government, when he's not too busy being the British secret service or the CIA on a freelance basis." Sherlock growled out proving a point. "Good evening, Mycroft. Try not to start a war before I get home, you know what it does for the traffic." Sherlock said before beginning to lead John away only to have John stop him so he could look back at Mycroft.
"It's a crime scene. I don't want it contaminated. Are we clear on that?" Anderson hissed out in a weak attempt of an order.
"Not a word." Mike said smirking at John. It would seem he had just proved a point Mike had made to the Omega earlier.
"What about the day he died? Can you tell me where he was?" Sherlock asked pointed at the empty space on the calendar that happened to the very day he needed.
"Aren't you going to put one on?" John asked as he began to put on the suit noticing that Sherlock didn't grab one. The Alpha gave John a hard look silently telling him that was a stupid question.
"And this is all you've to to go on? It's hardly much now, is it?" Raz said tossing the phone back at Sherlock who easily caught it just as John had to bite back a pain filled groan as the pain flared once more.
Then there’s John himself. The loss and betrayal, the heartbreak and shame, the guilt and deep, gut-wrenching
was somehow all wrong. The absolute nightmare of feeling as though every step he took was across a plain littered with landmines and the wedding itself was the day when he finally, irreversibly stepped on one. Every minute spent examining the confused, conflicted tangle of emotions in the pit of John’s stomach that has been there for years, but only truly came into its own the moment Sherlock came back from the dead. Seeing his new life being ripped apart in two minutes flat when Sherlock stepped through those doors at the restaurant, crashing back into his life with the elegance of a two-tonne cement truck. The process he went through when he met Mary, rebuilding his life after Sherlock while building a new life with her. All the pain and heartbreak he endured after he thought Sherlock had died the first time around. All the
hitting him strongly, but his muscles still feel sluggish and heavy and he only manages to shift ever so slightly.
Sherlock smiles, but doesn’t say anything in response. It’s rare for him to proclaim his love like that and John doesn’t expect him to. What Sherlock has just said… the words “I love you” were clearer between the lines than they ever could be if simply said out loud.
Then shortly after meeting John, Sherlock had met Jim. Jim, who had completely confirmed everything Sherlock had thought he knew about other people, but simultaneously been able to offer him an alternative, a way of life he’d previously only been able to fantasise about. Those two possible paths had done battle in Sherlock’s head just as vigorously and for just as long as the two people responsible for introducing them had done battle in the real world and it had all come to a conclusion at the same time as the conflict between them reached its peak and progressed to its perhaps inevitable culmination.
And John has no idea how to answer that. Instead, he pulls Sherlock to him and kisses him again, willing his lips to convey things that John doesn’t have the words to explain.
“Well… legal means. Official means.” He shrugs. “Take your pick. But as I was officially dead, as Moriarty’s network
Sherlock is, despite what some may think, not a brain without a heart. That’s not him. It never has been, much as he may wish it so. But now, finally, he wishes it so to a degree where he’s desperate enough to try anything. He can’t live like this anymore. He can’t live with the way he’s been cast into the world, too betwixt and between to truly belong anywhere. A brain that’s too different for him to be normal, too extraordinary for him to be liked. And a heart that’s too fragile to bear how lonely that makes him feel. That’s how it’s always been. But now he can’t live with it anymore.
The older Holmes raises an eyebrow, settling for their usual petty quips as an opening move. “Really, Sherlock? A few days on your own and this is where you’re at? While I fully agree that Baker Street does leave quite a bit to be desired, I’m not sure inviting one of England’s most prolific criminals inside helps to improve the ambience.” He leans against his umbrella, neatly folded together and gradually releasing its water content into the rug. Sherlock watches it happen, raising an eyebrow in turn, but he still doesn’t say a word. It appears to be Moriarty who’s doing the talking.
Christ, he needs to get a hold of himself. He does have a big speech to make, as Mycroft so helpfully pointed out. It’s John’s big day. No matter what Sherlock might try to tell himself about his relationship with John to make this whole ordeal seem less unbearable, letting John down is out of the question. Yet here he is, mentally exhausted and emotionally drained less than halfway through. A bit of moisture gathering in the corners of his eyes because of nothing more than a stupid phone call. Arguing with himself. He can’t be hearing voices while making his speech, that much is for sure. Even if the voices are just his own.
”John…” It’s still been only a couple of seconds since Sherlock spoke. His eyes are slightly cloudy, the expression he gets when his thoughts flare at a hundred miles an hour. But now they seem to be coalescing into words. Spilling forth from his lips.
John takes a silent breath and steels his resolve, willing himself to keep to the facts and the facts only. Without any apology. Without any too-obvious avoidance.
In many ways, how Sherlock feels about Jim is the exact opposite of how he feels about John. Where there is recognition and understanding with Jim, everything John does and has ever done has somehow managed to be both completely in line with his character and yet utterly unforeseeable and therefore alluring. Where the attraction pulling Sherlock to Jim lies in an ever-changing, unpredictable nature overlying an intimately familiar core, the attraction pulling Sherlock to John is the opposite: a constant, steadfast, completely predictable nature overlying a core Sherlock only ever manages to catch the rarest of glimpses of from time to time. A core that evades his every attempt to deduce it, yet the frustration of failure is eclipsed by a deep fascination with John’s inner workings and a profound desire to know more. Not for the first time, Sherlock thinks that John might be the human equivalent of a beach: everyone knows what a beach is, what it looks like and how it works, and yet every time he turns over a stone, he discovers something new, and for every stone he turns, he spots a thousand more he hasn’t even touched yet.
John laughs. Actually laughs, in the uncontrolled, slightly ugly manner only Sherlock can induce. Just the image of some kind of mental version of himself promising Sherlock to do his laundry for a month, just the idea that Sherlock would actually come up with such a scenario… That is, without doubt, not only the maddest, but the most
“Look, I haven’t really… planned this out or anything. I didn’t know I was going to do this until this afternoon. It’s all quite spur of the moment. So I’m just going to… well, I’m just going to wing it, I suppose…”
It gets better from then on out. A sudden attempted murder to prevent, a locked room mystery to solve and an invisible man with an invisible knife to catch is just what the doctor ordered. It keeps Sherlock’s mind sufficiently distracted and allows him to push those dreaded feelings into the background for a while. That’s how he works. Logic and emotion. The two opposing ends of a spectrum that he’s constantly oscillating back and forth between and
There’s movement to Sherlock’s left and then Jim’s arm is around him, pulling him in as one would a crying child.
“Alright,” he finally gets out. “Alright. I understand. And you’re right. We both want to make this work and I’m… I’m not helping. What I want to do, it would make everything worse. And I know why I want it, you don’t have to… you don’t have to say that.” He hesitates a moment, nodding to himself as if that would make his decision feel any less forced, any more legitimate. “You’re right. I’m coming home.”
I was dead…” He pauses, glancing briefly at John’s face. Whatever he sees there at the mention of his own presumed death makes him swallow very visibly, but if it’s from guilt or just from discomfort is hard to say. His lower lip is sucked partway into his mouth and suppressed by his teeth. There’s a tense silence which John doesn’t attempt to fill before he releases his lip again and clears his throat. “Well, it just made everything easier. As I explained, Mycroft knew about the plan and he provided me with all the information he had. I moved from one cell to the next, gathering evidence that I sent back to London. Mycroft swept in afterwards to make arrests and clean everything up in such a way that the remaining cells wouldn’t get suspicious and the mission could proceed with minimal complications. But it was a vast undertaking. It took me two years to dismantle everything.”
There really is no point in sharing his thoughts, other than to rock an otherwise perfectly steady boat. But at least John isn’t going to stand by and watch as Sherlock sinks back down in substance abuse, not asking for any help out of some absurd notion that John would be too busy with his new wife to care. If he can do nothing else, say nothing else, be nothing else, then he can continue to be Sherlock’s friend the way he obviously needs. And, as the clock moves forward towards four in the morning, John vows to himself to make his intention to do just that abundantly clear to Sherlock as soon as possible. It’s with that decision made that John is finally, blissfully, able to catch just a couple of hours’ sleep.
things. His plan to confront Moriarty on his own comes to mind with all of its devastating consequences replaying in vivid technicolour on John’s inner eye at least once a day. Even now, three years later, with Sherlock firmly seated by his side.
“You’re exceptional. They never saw that. All they wanted was fun, comfort, safety. What normal people want. But you’re not normal. You’ve never been normal. And yet they wanted to force you to be. All your life. John. Mrs. Hudson. Lestrade. Mycroft. Mummy and daddy. All the people you care about and none of them ever cared for who you really are. They could have appreciated who you are, but they’ve always been too busy trying to change you. Force a socially acceptable moral code on you. You know what I’m talking about. ‘Smile. Don’t speak your deductions out loud. Don’t retaliate when they mock and hurt you. Just turn the other cheek. And when you solve your crimes, do it for the sake of others. God forbid you should save people because you’re bored and need something to occupy you, to exercise your brain. One must only save people for the right reasons. The goal never justifies the means.’”
eventually make his appearance, he will be far from pleased. He expressly told Sherlock to stay off the drugs and call in case of an emergency. Judging by his reaction to Sherlock’s first dose yesterday, the chances of John not going off on another angry rant are looking rather slim. Sherlock will have to think of something to say, an explanation or an apology. Preferably both.
Sherlock takes a moment to consider his reply. A part of him wants desperately to lie, but then what would be the point in providing an answer at all?
Sherlock waits patiently for John’s outburst to die out, that annoyingly overbearing expression on his face he’s always sporting when he thinks John is exhibiting one or more of the three D’s:
. It’s strange. Sherlock knows next to nothing about him. After the serial bombings several years ago, Sherlock did a thorough background check on Moriarty, dug up his birth certificate, his old school portraits, his various diplomas, every scrap of information he could find. But it’s a hollow kind of information. Sherlock still looks into his eyes and sees one mystery after the other. And yet whenever they’re in the same room, there’s an instant familiarity between them, a natural intimacy, an irrepressible attraction. Sherlock can imagine that John Watson thinks of them as two magnets with the same poles facing one another: certain key properties in common, yes, but fundamentally incompatible forces, forever repelling one another and keeping one another in check. That’s just not the truth. The truth is that they are the two poles of the magnet: part of the same piece, cut out of the same material, irrevocably tied to one another and attracted to one another with a force that’s entirely beyond Sherlock’s control. They don’t repel one another because it’s in their nature to do so. Sherlock repels Moriarty because he feels it’s the only way to avoid a collision of cosmic proportions. Because he feels like a planet being pulled towards a black hole the split-second before being torn apart and turned inside out.
“That’s good, sweet thing. That’s very good. The lessons are finally beginning to sink it, wouldn’t you say? The point. Doesn’t matter how many dragons you slay. They may tell you that that’s what matters. They may try to convince themselves that that’s what matters. John, Mycroft, Lestrade, mommy, daddy, all of them.”
Sherlock can’t say he minds. It’s surprisingly agreeable to be coddled when it’s John who’s doing the coddling.
want to stay. Even though he knows he shouldn’t, even though the guilt is gnawing at him to return to his new wife and his new home where he ought to belong, what he really wants to do is stay here with Sherlock.
Sherlock tries not to speak. He’s out of his depth here, they both know it, and he would prefer not to humiliate himself more than necessary with his ignorance. So he turns over onto his side, back towards Moriarty, putting on a display of indifference that even Sherlock himself recognises as both petulant, pathetic and utterly transparent.
Sherlock takes a moment to find his voice and formulate a reply, which only serves to increase John’s concern.
“It’s not true.” Jim’s smile is understanding rather than condescending. “What matters to ordinary people is how far you’re willing to bend to conform to their normal, ordinary yet completely arbitrary and ultimately misguided standards. It’s the only thing that matters. Accepting the lie that the morals of society are better than the individual morals of you and me. Bending your will so you can stand to live by that lie. And for a man as exceptional as you… well, that’s a whole lot of bending that’s required to conform there. You didn’t want to do that. And so you were punished.”
Very little response. John has never met anyone able to look so completely disinterested and yet so thoroughly unimpressed as Mycroft.
But John doesn’t let him this time, instead pushing him a little away to have a proper look at him. He’s demanding an answer, an answer which Sherlock is afraid to give.
“No, this… this is not under control, Sherlock. I can tell you right now, this is not what ‘under control’ looks like and I haven’t even seen the bloody bedroom yet!”
It might just be the stress and anxiety in combination with the sleepless nights talking. It probably is, in fact. But it doesn’t change how John feels. It doesn’t change the fact that his brain just can’t seem to stop returning to the idea that Sherlock might never wake again.
But now’s not the time to have that conversation, not when Sherlock is so obviously not in the mood for interruptions and anyway quite annoyed at John’s suggestion they invite Mary over. No matter. If Sherlock is not ready to see Mary yet, John will have to be the grown-up for the both of them and do what’s fair to her regardless of Sherlock’s (and his own) bad feelings.
It seems as though neither of them intends to discuss it anymore today. By the time John makes it back into the living room with his cuppa, Sherlock has returned to the couch and curled up in a corner, back against the armrest and feet pulled up tight to his chest. As John’s efforts to come up with something to say has proven to be without result, he gives up and slides down onto the couch by Sherlock’s side. He flicks the telly back on. Deciding exactly how close to Sherlock he needs to be on the couch is a challenge, but he eventually settles on reclaiming his usual spot, close enough and familiar enough to avoid giving Sherlock the idea that John is trying to put some distance between them, but not close enough to touch as long as John doesn’t attempt to.
It shouldn’t hurt. He shouldn’t care what Moriarty may or may not think of him. But it just hits too close to home, hits right at the centre where it hurts the most. Back in the day, Sherlock would have interpreted such words as a challenge and risen to the occasion with bravado. Now they just leave him feeling hollow and wrung-out, fatigued with the knowledge of failure before he’s even replied. So he doesn’t. He just returns Moriarty’s gaze silently and with that silence admits his defeat.
John finds himself matching her bright, eager smile. He’s still bloody tired, but it’s tough to remember that when Rosie’s practically bouncing with glee on his lap.
Other demons are his responses to those feelings. His hatred of his own emotional weakness and his fear of succumbing to it. His dread that his feelings are gnawing away at his intelligence, obscuring his logic and destroying his mental faculties. His despair at the knowledge that Mycroft was always right, that emotions are a weakness and that Sherlock will forever and always remain weak and stupid as long as he’s allowing himself to feel...
He pauses, debates with himself whether it wouldn’t be more strategic to just leave it at that. But this isn’t about strategy.
, repeated over and over again like a steadily accelerating mantra. This is a cruel resemblance of a nightmare, being unable to move away as the flames creep ever closer. Unfortunately, the roar in his ears, the sharp tang in his nostrils and the steadily increasing discomfort from the heat ensures that John can’t possibly dismiss this as just another bad dream. Certainly not one that he can wake up from.
It’s fascinating to say the least. As soon as he opens his eyes, there’s nothing. No lingering touch, no coldness, no sore muscles. It’s just in his head, it’s not
It’s sympathy rather than derision colouring his voice and it just makes everything worse. Sherlock is so pathetic that even Moriarty refrains from poking fun at him.
"About an hour ago. Where were you?" Sherlock asked checking him over from the corner of his eye. And unlike when the Beta had checked him out, Sherlock's gaze relaxed him.
"He's killed another one." Sherlock confirmed with a sigh as he stared at the pictures. John wondered what Sherlock was seeing, but figured when Sherlock was this far into his thoughts that the Alpha wouldn't want to be bothered by John asking him what he was seeing. With a sigh, John turned and started walking into the kitchen to make them both a cuppa only to freeze when Sherlock jumped from his seat and grabbed the computer. "Come John, we have somewhere to be."
"Part of my new exhibition." The young man said without looking away from the painting or even to stop spray painting.
"Well, I'm dealing with a child." Lestrade said. "Sherlock, this is our case. I'm letting you in, but you do not go off on your own. Clear?"
"Who made you uncomfortable?" Sherlock asked and John sighed causing the Alpha to finally look at him. "The interviewer." Sherlock began to deduce. "Beta, woman, young. Said something you didn't like."
"Damn it!" A familiar voice growled out as Sherlock, who was busy looking around, bumped into them. John's scent filled his nose when he breathed it, but something was wrong, John's scent was slightly off. It wasn't wrong, just very distracting. The fact that John's scent had changed even the slightest made Sherlock want to bury his nose in John's hair and... well he didn't know. "Right, I know how into your Work you can get, but can you a least
"And you couldn't bear to be anywhere else. That's not the John Watson I know." Mike said with a laugh.
"I was on the other side of London..." John hissed at him making Sherlock wonder what he was doing there.
After meeting the whirlwind Alpha named Sherlock, John had been in a slight daze for the rest of the day. The Alpha hadn't backed away from him after getting close enough to smell how broken he was, like everyone did, like the Beta (Molly) who had brought Sherlock his coffee had. And apparently just from looking at him, Sherlock had known everything about him. It fascinated him to the point that when he had finally made it home he had to look the Alpha up.
"Hello Sherlock, I hope this one is more acceptable than the last one." She said quietly. Her only response was Sherlock unzipping the body bag.
"Pink!" Sherlock yelled before finally leaving. It took John a second to understand what he meant. Were they looking for a pink suitcase?
"But they take the poison themselves. They chew, swallow the pills themselves. There are clear signs, even you lot can't miss them." Sherlock said before continuing down the stairs.
"I'm fine standing." He argued, yet remained seated while Sherlock glanced around the room. Moments later Sebastian Wilkes, an annoying Alpha, walked in.
"Well, they've got it wrong, Sebastian. He was murdered." Sherlock told him causing Sebastian's smirk to widen.
Sherlock checked the time and saw that John should be back any minute. He grabbed the swordsman and carried him outside before dumping him in an alley his comrades would be sure to find him. He then rushed back to the flat and quickly put everything back where it was suppose to be, hiding the sword as best as he could under his chair. Once he was satisfied, Sherlock hopped into his chair, grabbed a book, and began to skim over it while waiting for John to return.
"Yeah, I know who you are and I'd prefer it if you didn't tamper with any of the evidence." The Alpha growled out, staking his claim of the area. John saw Sherlock's eyes narrow at the challenge. The two Alpha's staid glaring at each other for a minute before Sherlock slowly handed the evidence bag to the other Alpha. Yet, even though he had handed the bag over, John could tell that Sherlock was not giving in nor bowing out, he was just bidding his time before he struck back.
"I've been offered a case." Sherlock told him, had them not having a case to work on upset John? Would he leave because of this? That got Sherlock up off the couch and over to John before he could even comprehend what he was doing. John looked at him in annoyance before understanding flashed through his eyes.
"So, what exactly am I going to be doing here?" John asked trying not to laugh at the annoyed look on Sherlock's face from that tidbit he had just told him.
Finally, 20 minutes after the finale text, John entered the flat. But by that point, Sherlock had been bored enough to stick three nicotine patches on his arm to help not only keep the boredom at bay but help him think. It helped, a little, but it would not shut up the nagging feeling that something had happened to John. Yet, the second John's scent hit his nose, the nagging feeling left.
"She's German." Anderson announced from the door way as Sherlock began to dig in the inside pocket of his jacket before pulling out his phone. "
"Well, thank God you're above all that." John snapped out. The man gave him a hard, reprimanding look a second before John's phone signaled he had a message. Without thought, John pulled the phone out and checked the message, sending his own silent message to the man that John didn't see him as much of a threat.
"Do you think maybe you could let me in this time?" John called out to him, having realized by now that the change in John's scent was too distracting right now and the fact that he really needed to focus at the moment, Sherlock chose to ignore John. "Can you not keep doing this, please?" John growled out. Sherlock checked the milk in the fridge, it had spoiled.
"We'll just have a map reference, not a name." Lestrade said as John watched the screen for when the GPS activated.
"That's brilliant." John breathed out not even realizing he has said something until Sherlock was looking at him shocked. "Sorry." He muttered in embarrassment.
"Could it be that you've decided to trust Sherlock Holmes of all people?" The man asked as he casually flipped through the pages of his notebook while keeping it at an angle so that John couldn't read it.
"Should I be? You don't seem very frightening." John challenged causing the man to give a small laugh.
"I thank that's our answer, John." Sherlock said. "A few hours after his last victim, and now he receives a text that can only be from her." John locked uncertain eyes with him. "If somebody had just found that phone they'd ignored a text like that, but the murderer... would panic."
"Her case! Come on, where is her case? Did she eat it? Someone else was here, and they took her case." Sherlock said before looking as if he figured something out. "So the killer must have driven her here. Forgot the case was in the car."
"Sure." John sighed out and the two of them slowly limped towards a coffee stand, well John limped and Mike awkwardly walked slowly next to him. After ordering coffee, John set off to find the closest bench to have Mike stop pitying him. The silence between them was tense for a couple of minutes before John finally broke it, not being able to stand it any longer.
With his mind made up, John turned and began to limp down the street walking past a ringing phone booth. He ignored it and walked to the main street where he began to try and hail a taxi, it wasn't until the phone in the restaurant next to him rang and hung up before and employee could answer that John began to feel as if he were being watched. Cautiously, John continued walking until he passed by yet another ringing phone booth. Hesitating, John slowly entered the phone booth and answered the phone.
"It really couldn't." John said firmly. The man sighed and reached into his pocket, pulling out a small notebook.
"Yeah, I didn't get the shopping." John told him as his eyes scanned over everything. Had Sherlock left any clues, besides the scratch on the table, that a fight had taken place? Sherlock stopped skimming the book to look at John worriedly. How would John react? Would he yell? Would he worry over Sherlock and demand to check for injuries? Would he not feel safe and leave?
Sherlock kicked the swordsman in the side, just knowing John was going to see the scratch and become even more upset. After a few hard kick's to the side, the swordsman stumbled back. "That is oak!" Sherlock growled before punching him again, this time knocking him out. Sherlock angrily fixed his suit once again before going to check the table. The scratch was clear as day, there would be no hiding that. And there was no time to order another table to get here before John got back from shopping.
"I didn't know, I saw. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself says military. And your conversation as you entered the room said trained at Barts, so Army doctor, obvious. Your face is tanned but no tan above the wrists. You've been abroad, but not sunbathing. Your limp's really bad when you walk, but you don't ask for a chair when you stand like you've forgotten about it, so it's at least partly psychosomatic. That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic, wounded in action then. Wounded in action, sun tan... Afghanistan or Iraq." Sherlock finished.
"Sherlock texted me. He said you forgot this." Angelo said and John looked back at Sherlock, who had moved to stand behind John, in amazement.
"That was amazing." John said slowly and honestly. With one look this Alpha was able to see everything about him. He knew he should be annoyed or even angry, but he wasn't, he was actually impressed and wished to see him do it again. His response seemed to come as a shock to Sherlock.
"Excellent. How and when, why?" Sherlock asked in lightning speed. "Is there a connection? There has to be."
"There was no hurry." But as Sherlock said this, he realized it was only partially true. It was true there was no hurry regarding the case, but once Sherlock had realized John wasn't with him, he had wanted John with him as soon as possible. John sighed and pulled out his phone.
"It's my scent." Sherlock suddenly said confusing him. "My scent is covering up the scent of your damaged womb." John froze at that. How long had Sherlock known about his womb? How long had he planed to keep the fact that he knew about his womb a secret before this slipped out. Oh, John knew Sherlock hadn't meant to let slip he had known about the womb from the slight widening of the Alpha's eyes after he had said it. Suddenly Sherlock was up, out of his seat and standing in front of him arms out as it to grab John, yet refusing to actually touch him as if scared of John's reaction to being touched. "John, I- I don't care-" Sherlock started.
"But I would prefer for various reasons that my concern go unmentioned." The man told him. "We have what you might call a... Difficult relationship." John's phone chimed once more and John looked at the message.
"Nothing indiscreet. Nothing you'd feel... uncomfortable with. Just tell me what he's up to." The man soothed.
"Dear God, what is it like in your funny little brains, it must be so boring." Sherlock muttered. "Her coat. It's slightly damp. She's been in heavy rain the last few hours. No rain anywhere in London in that time. Under her coat collar is damp too. She's turned it up against the wind. She's got an umbrella in her left hand pocket but it's dry and unused. Not just wind, strong wind, too strong to use her umbrella. We know from her suitcase that she was intending to stay overnight so she must have come a decent distance, but she can't have traveled more than two or three hours because her coat still hasn't dried." Sherlock reached into the inside pocket of his jacket once more and pulled out his phone. "So, where has there been heavy rain and strong wind within the radius of that travel time?" He unlocked his phone and held it up for the Inspector to see whatever was on the screen. "Cardiff."
"She didn't think about her daughter. She scratched her name on the floor with her finger nails. She was dying. It took effort, it would have hurt." Sherlock hissed at Anderson before releasing John to start pacing again, this time in thought rather than anger.
"It happened last night." Sherlock informed him. "Journalist shot dead in his flat. Doors locked, windows bolted from the inside. Exactly the same as Van Coon."
"Couple of biscuits too, if you got 'em." He called back with a small smirk wanting to see how far he could push it as he began to read the paper.
"Um, no. That's not a word I'd use." She told him nervously as she pulled out every receipt for the day Van Coon had died. "The only things Eddie appreciated had a big price tag."
"Good, you're finally asking the right questions." Sherlock said before slamming the door shut. Without a word, Sherlock lead him back to the elevators and entered them. In the elevator, John gently removed Sherlock's fingers from around his wrist (they were starting to hurt) before slipping his hand into Sherlock's larger one and gave him a comforting squeeze.
"What are you saying?" John asked causing Sherlock to growl in annoyance. Was John purposefully not listening to get back at him for ignoring him or was he really not able to understand him? Either way, it was annoying. Focusing his attention back on searching for clues, Sherlock noticed an imprint of a foot in the rug.
By the time John had made it down the stairs and had taken the suit off, it was clear the Sherlock was long gone when he looked for him as he limped out of the house. John shook his head and gave a small laugh, Sherlock was just like an over excited boy forgetting everything else besides his new toy. It was adorable. John began to limp towards the tape intending to find a taxi and get home to wait for Sherlock to get back.
"Which was it, Afghanistan or Iraq?" Sherlock repeated turning to look John in his eyes. Blue with a speck of green. John quickly looked away from him to glare at Mike.
"Narrows it down from just anyone on London. It's the first proper lead that we've had." Sherlock continued speaking with Lestrade.
"You've got a psychosomatic limp, of course you've got a therapist. Then there's your brother." Sherlock said suddenly reaching into John's pocket and fished out his phone. "Your phone. It's expensive, e-mail enabled, MP3 player. And your looking for a flatshare. You wouldn't waist money on this. It's a gift, then. Scratches. Not one, many over time. It's been in the same pocket as keys and coins. The man sitting next to me wouldn't treat his one luxury item like this, so it's had a previous owner. Next bit's easy. You know it already." He said turning the phone over to show the engraving on the back.
"Not your housekeeper!" She told him sternly as he saw the picture of the Alpha that had just been in their flat. A Detective Inspector Lestrade.
"Er, thank you. Thank you." John told Angelo taking the cane. Sherlock backed up and let John back into the house and shut the door. John turned to face Sherlock who tilted his head down towards John's, he was going to kiss him! Sherlock was going to kiss him!
With a sigh, John slipped out of Sherlock's bed and, with a slight hesitation, grabbed a spare house coat before leaving the room. John padded down the hallway and paused just outside the living room when he spotted Sherlock lounging on the couch in his house coat with his hands stapled under his chin. "There's food in the kitchen." Sherlock told him without opening his eyes.
John stared out the window watching the scenery pass them by as the sun sat while Sherlock typed away at his phone. John knew that if he was to get any of his questions answered, now would be a good time to do so before they got to the crime scene. John looked at Sherlock and opened his mouth only to sigh and close his mouth again. He didn't know if he would be bothering Sherlock with his questions or not. John shook his head and looked out the window only to have the Alpha sigh in annoyance.
The night quickly flew by with John up half the night reading Sherlock's blog that he found. And was shocked when he woke up and left the apartment without contemplating taking his life or not. One meeting with Sherlock and he wanted to live. This made John want to meet the Alpha and get to know him, and not in the 'I want to mate with you' kind of way. He respected Sherlock's wish to not want a Mate, he wanted to be friends with the guy.
"No, I..." Sherlock started glancing at John when his hand began to tremble. John wanted to hurt Sebastian.
"Who do we trust even if we don't know them? Who passes unnoticed wherever they go? Who hunts in the middle of a crowd?"
