It’s probably just a coincidence, but it’s a nice one and really adds to the above scene.
In Lawrence, we have a martyr figure who, according to tradition, never lost his dry wit and sense of humour, not even when he suffered the worst pain imaginable. Hm, does that remind you of anyone?
It’s almost as if the rational parts of his brain are sending out distress signals because they feel under attack from the overwhelming emotional parts of his brain. And because in Sherlock’s mind (as we’ve seen with the murder weapons), sexual and romantic emotions are linked to death and destruction.
But it gets even better. (More under the cut...)
In that scene in TBB, Sherlock is running through the foyer of the museum; he’s literally trapped between this Perseus-and-Medusa statue (headless sculpture alert!) and a sculpture called ‘Labour’.
So, instead of actually morphing into the space left for the fourth skull in the display case, Sherlock moves over to the sign and shields his body from the bullets. The sign that reads, ‘Who are we?’ saves his living, breathing body. A body that’s not a dead ancient fossil at all, but very much alive. And it’s alive thanks to that very ‘Who are we’ sign.
The loving, elegant Dancer and the brave grumpy little Lion who guards him!
What we have are, thus, two parallel scenes:
We have A) the picture of a giant peaCOCK, B) a picture of a very, ahem, shapely peach (reminiscent of someone’s nicely shaped buttocks). Well, you’re all grown-ups; I’m sure you can work out how those two things are supposed to go together. And C) all of that beauty has literally been smothered in heaps and heaps of grapes, right next to a filled wine glass.
Did I just call Moftiss the Mother of God? *scratches head* Maybe I should call them the devil for
Sherlock exhaled a low sigh, then opened his eyes, looking back at John with a resigned twitch of his mouth.
“I don’t know.” Sherlock muttered back, sounding strangled even to his own ears. “They haven’t told me anything. I don’t know.”
Sherlock nodded slightly, apparently recognizing the name of his language. But John’s heart sank. He was going to have to be around this gorgeous man all the time, and couldn’t even
“How is he?” Her voice was quiet with worry.
still outside Central London…”
Suddenly, he had absolutely no idea what to do. Oh God, what was he supposed to
“Goodnight, Sherlock,” John echoed. All the breath seemed to have gone out of him, suddenly.
“Well.” John swallowed. “Goodnight.”
Sherlock gasped and sputtered, struggling to catch his breath as he sank deeply back onto the mattress, John collapsing weightily onto his chest, spent and trembling with aftershocks. Sherlock’s arms automatically came up to encircle John’s back, smoothing down his shoulders with quaking hands, as his heart pounded hard against his chest, feeling John’s own heavy heartbeat just as strongly, almost in unison with his own. With some effort, he relaxed himself enough to open his eyes, stinging slightly, though whether from sweat or tears Sherlock was not in a position to say with any certainty. His body was leaden and heavy, warm with John’s weight on top of him, but he lifted his head just enough to press a kiss to John’s sweaty hair and stroked softly with two fingers at the nape of his neck, John’s breath still coming hot and fast against Sherlock’s chest as he struggled to get himself under control.
“It’s also rude to keep your partner waiting when you look like
“No you
She smiled. Her lips were red and pouting. “Are you from England?” she asked.
He nodded, and turned away again, and after a moment he heard her close the door.
Sherlock’s eyes widened, his carefree smile dropping off his face.
4. “Thank you very much, but no.”
This was happening. It was really happening. Sherlock was here, and he wanted John, and it was
He relaxed. Best play along. Keep things light to pass over his moment of abashment.
to be perfect.
Then his breath hitched as Sherlock’s fingertip pushed inside him – just barely, just the slightest amount of pressure that made that tight ring of muscle relax, but it made the fire in John’s belly erupt. His entire body was alight, all heat, all want.
His brain wouldn’t shut off. He couldn’t stop seeing John, projected on the insides of his eyelids, and feeling the wave of hopelessness sweep over him again. Sherlock had seen him this afternoon, standing by a bank of lockers surrounded by his throng of friends and a few doe-eyed girls, too, and he was laughing as if he didn’t have a care in the world. Sherlock had slunk past them, unseen, and felt like he’d been submerged in icy water from which he couldn’t surface.
Perlman’s notes flowed though him, washed over him. It was beautiful, and masterful, and Sherlock felt it fill some of that dreadful, hollow cavity within his chest. But it was too quiet and too slow. It wasn’t enough. There was too much empty space all around him.
“Everything alright?” John asked, slowly. “You look a bit –”
Sherlock gladly left the young officer, whose questions were getting a little too personal for his liking. He sidled up beside John, careful to keep a safe distance between them. “I can vouch for everything Dr. Watson has just said. He is of sound mind and very trustworthy, and you’ll find that his account of the events lines up with the timeline provided by each one of your officers.”
Sherlock added more pressure, grabbing handfuls of skin at John’s shoulders, massaging deep and hard, hitting his every muscle in a way that made it sing out with relief. But John wasn’t thinking about his muscles anymore – the pain in his neck was long gone, and Sherlock was making him feel
John’s face ached from smiling so much. “And what if we got hit by a storm?”
The water paralyzes John. It’s so cold. His skin sings with a thousand needles of pain but he has to fight through it, he has to try, he has to stay afloat…
“Thanks,” Sherlock said, lowly. He tried to smile, tried not to let Dad see his disappointment, but he knew it was no use. “Plan didn’t work, though.”
as John kisses him like he was always meant to.
The relentless beeping pounded like a drum against Sherlock’s temple, crashing through his fog-filled brain. Still, he welcomed the pain it brought, cherished it, because if that torturous sound were to stop…
Beside him, a nurse was hanging an IV bag and fiddling with the tabs. John’s eyelids flickered sluggishly, barely opening, and he began to stir on the bed, slowly waking up.
The painkillers that Sherlock brought him helped some, as did the chicken that John managed to take a few bites of.  Then, later, as he curled up with his head in Sherlock’s lap with some second-rate crime drama playing on the telly, he could almost distract himself enough with the sensation of Sherlock’s fingers stroking through his hair and forget why he was in such an awful state. The wound kept flaring up though, and eventually it became so impossible to ignore that Sherlock had to drug him up further and put him to bed, arranging him like a ragdoll so that he wouldn’t roll onto it during the night, and then Sherlock lay next to him rubbing soothing circles into his stomach and sides until John could relax enough to let exhaustion win over the pain, and drift into a light, semi-restless sleep.
It was only a few moments before the door swung open, and a plump, grey-haired man with a kind face stood on the other side of it.
“Yeah,” John said, trying to stifle a yawn. He had absolutely no desire to get back in the car. He turned back to the counter. “Alright, the single will be fine.”
With the extra friction on his cock, Sherlock cried out, gave another hard thrust, two three, and then he was coming, too. He spilled out over John’s lower back, over the top of his arse, and John sighed with another aftershock of pleasure running through him. Sherlock panted, his belly tensing up – John wished he had the strength to roll over and touch him, but settled for covering Sherlock’s hand with his own where it rested near John’s face, and running his thumb tenderly over Sherlock’s.
That would be about the hiatus, right? John realised that what he had been feeling for Sherlock was love. And he realised it after TRF. That realisation (laser surgery) made him turn away from his homosexual side and choose to pursue something safe...somebody who wouldn’t jump off a building in front of him...somebody like Mary. A woman.
A bit like Arthur Conan Doyle (in the faraway past) who wrote books that were totally imbued with this metaphorical ‘light’ (=Watson’s love for Holmes), but only indirectly, never openly. In a sense, ACD never showed us the ‘source of light’ openly either. He never exposed it directly. But his books are drenched in this golden ‘light’ indirectly...through and through.
They haven’t seen each other in months, they’ve clearly missed each other terribly. In fact, they say as much and pour all this missing and longing and desiring into the looks they’re throwing each other.
And, oh, could they have done something with this...But, alas, they chose not to.
We hear him pant, breathe, sigh, shout. He is real. All thanks to a sign that shielded him from the bullets and made sure he didn’t turn into a dead object. And that very sign reads, ‘Who are we?’
. (The Museum Kassel has a
; red circle:
) for the drunk driver in TST).
What did you say? In the above screenshot, baby toys (=the things which make the ‘baby’ happy) are associated with John’s drinking problem and with what looks like a metaphorical cup of ‘coffee’. Oh, I’m sure Mofftiss would tell us once again that it’s all just a funny coincidence.
Gosh, he’s so grown-up in this. I’m so proud of him.
And I thought the gay god
So, Sherlock has concluded that he hasn’t fallen in love with the John whose brain doesn’t ‘see’ that Sherlock desires him (the ‘shortsighted’ John, aka, Nathan). And that the John who has emotional problems (the John who suppresses his homosexual feelings with alcohol and goes through those very ‘unsteady’ heterosexual relationships like underwear, aka, Howard) is not the one who made him fall in love either.
And not just for any episode of ‘Doctor Who’, but specifically for the Vastra/Jenny episodes AND SPECIFICALLY FOR THE HOME THESE TWO LADIES SHARE in Victorian London!
I’m not exactly an expert when it comes to Chinese art, but
I think I might have found another hint that ‘The Final Problem’ (s4ep3 of ‘Sherlock’) is fake. This is from ‘The Blind Banker’ (yeah,
What an exhilarating relationship that must be! Who wouldn’t want to be in a relationship that makes them fall asleep in the middle of the day out of sheer boredom and exhaustion? Marital bliss at its finest!
What if the ‘Garrideb’ scene is flipped and shown in an episode called ‘The Final Problem’ (the title of the original ACD story where Sherlock fought Moriarty and ‘jumped’ off the waterfall) because the ‘Garrideb’ scenario we are in right now is the one that happened in TRF?
Sherlock you are the most old-fashioned of boys. Dear god.:) You actually want to talk about the boyfriend-boyfriend-situation before you have sex? You want to engage with your heart in a heart-to-heart dialogue and want to tell the man you love that you want to be in a relationship before you take that next step.
This is a sculpture by the French Art Déco sculptor James Andrey (which has been copied about a thousand times and is often sold as some kind of paperweight):
Since we have already had one important bust in Magnussen’s mind palace in s3, a sculpture of a dancing woman that clearly represents Sherlock (I’ve written about it
This gorgeous beauty of a painting is called
So, yes, Cleopatra represents Sherlock here. And Mark Antony represents John.
It’s a very mysterious painting because nobody quite knows what the two circles might represent, which is probably why the set designers on ‘Doctor Who’ played around with this picture a bit and turned the two (originally empty) circular shapes into Gallifreyan Circles:
They would and they do.
Why, you might ask...
[I should probably also add that this is pure speculation on my part. I don't know if this is what the owl means, but this little birdie certainly looks suspicious.]
Two circles that don’t touch and certainly never intersect. And yet they are there on the same canvas as though you can only understand (literally “frame”) them together.
I have (somewhat inexpertly) added it on top of this screenshot, so that you get an idea of what’s going on here. (Please forgive my inexcusably bad photo-shop skills):
So, now, that we’ve talked about all this serious stuff, let’s cheer ourselves up a bit again, ‘kay?
Alex metaphorically ‘fixed’ his eyesight. He got rid of his shortsightedness. He *cough* ‘sees’ something that he didn’t use to see before. ‘Alex’ sees something now that John’s other aspect (Nathan) was blind to.
Mark Antony must have been astounded by all this splendour, as it were. And then the banquet that ensued, some sort of cross between a sex orgy and a pompous party aboard some millionaire’s yacht (in modern terms), must have added to his amazement.
I mean, they literally can’t get enough of their ‘baby’ (=relationship). Their relationship must make them so, so happy. Right, Mofftiss? That’s what you keep telling us in your interviews.
This sculpture also tells us what the show runners think of Sherlock in particular: Epitome of male beauty! Unparalleled among men. There to be swooned over. The ideal man. Beautiful, masculine, curly-haired, elegant, perfectly muscled Apollo.
More of my meta under my ‘
I was sure I had seen it before (possibly even the real thing), but I couldn’t quite place it. Until I remembered that the bust in TBB was actually not a bust but a partial copy of a whole statue (the Apollo Belvedere, as I explained in '
So, why this Edward Ladell painting?
By the way, there are actually lots and lots of
The statue in the right staircase is the one towards which Sherlock is running in that scene in TBB. He jogs up the stairs towards it as he pursues the shooter.
That’s what EMP means. That’s why it’s there.
The other, the monstrous version, however, is the product of centuries of adaptations that added on their own ‘dead body parts’. It’s the version that can never be true to what the real Sherlock is all about. That’s why this one has to die.
[What he says literally is: "Don’t antagonise them, darling."]
What nonsense!
Well, think about that... ‘The Muse of the Dance of Love’...This makes me so happy, you have no idea.
or under my ‘
Isn’t it interesting that, as Sherlock suffers through a cardiac arrest and desperately tries to keep his heart alive, that at that very moment, he dreams of John and Mary’s relationship being born? That dream of the ‘birth’ of their relationship coinciding with Sherlock going into V-fib (phone metaphor!) is anything but a coincidence!
They really love themselves some puns, don’t they?
This is also not the first time the show has used an Antinous sculpture. A statue of Antinous, the male (!) lover of the Emperor Hadrian, was used in ‘The Blind Banker’ (TBB) where it stood proudly between Sherlock and John:
(phone), no, you could even argue that said phone (heart) is on Mary’s side of the conflict...wait, what does that mean? Ah, yes, the phone booth IS EMPTY!
So, there are not one, but two, erm, cocks in the background of that gay-ogling-each-other scene on ‘Black Sails’.
And then I remembered...
Aaaand it’s a crotch shot that we got in said scene, and, no, that’s not a British Army Browning L9A1 we see under that thin loincloth, this statue is really just pleased to see us.:)
(See the end of the chapter for
(Thank you again,
Now, remember that ‘the sun’ and ‘the earth’ are metaphors on the show (cf. TGG). The earth revolves around the sun and all that. The ‘sun’ (love interest) is warm and keeps the ‘planet’ in its orbit. On our show, John is the ‘sun’ and Sherlock is the ‘planet’. Because John is Sherlock’s love interest (from Sherlock’s point of view). John is what gives Sherlock warmth and keeps him in his orbit.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock has been a severed head (a head without a body, ie, a brain without the physical side) for so long; it’s high time he got his body back.:)
Do we think that’s a coincidence? Obviously not.
And THAT is when he chooses heterosexuality (the new clothes and the fake tan).
Just like we’re getting only the heads of dolls, not the entire thing.
Martyrs are always depicted with the instrument of martyrdom as their attribute for that very reason. Without these instruments of martyrdom (read: murder weapons!) you can’t tell anything about the martyrs. Without them you can’t say who they are, what they did, what happened to them and what it all meant. You need to pay attention to their attributes. They’re important!
might have been one of the first ones to come up with that reading. And
! Sorry, somehow I only caught it now.
Just like the fact that there’s one lonely candle (universal Memento Mori symbol of the transience of life) standing right in front of Mary, whose metaphorical ‘candle’ will soon be snuffed out.
Fair warning: If you were shocked at how quickly I turned the discussion of the peacock painting into a sex joke in that other post, this post might not be suited to your tastes either. Because this will all be about sex, and probably even more openly, shockingly so. (Sorry, not sorry.:P)
Which leads me to...
Not a subtextual, up-to-interpretation, could-maybe-be-a-gay-couple-if-you-squint. No!
) that the metaphors ‘cat’ and ‘dog’ are used in exactly the same way.)
[...]
Associated with death, terror and destruction. (I’m sure there’s lots of meta stuff about this already. I just haven’t found it yet. But this is, in no way, an original thought of mine, obviously! And can you tell I’m trying not to go into my personal paranoias and fears of catching HIV? I’m really trying. But sex-being-tied-to-death themes do that to me.)
The Doctor is Sherlock here, too.
Add to that the fact that this painting is by far the best known and most popular of all the paintings at Tyntesfield and you can at least suspect that they knew about it and that showing it in that very scene was a deliberate choice.
Obviously the sculpture is called Antinous. So, if the makers of ‘Sherlock’ just wanted any old Hermes statue to represent Sherlock, they could have used a different one. They specifically used this one, though. One that, despite actually being Hermes, has a centuries-old art-historical reading as Antinous attached to it.
Because, you see, Antinous died in 130 AD, and Hadrian was inconsolable after his lover’s death, totally beside himself with grief, as a matter of fact. So, it’s kinda nice that they’re showing us this Antinous sculpture just as John and Sherlock sit down with Soo-Lin, who in the timeline of TBB is about to die too. (Cleverer people than I have already pointed out that Soo-Lin is actually a Sherlock mirror, so there you go...)
So, why do I think Evans is primarily Sherlock and not John (like I have seen some people argue)?
Gigantic explosion, indeed.
The entire conversation between the Half-Faced Man and the Doctor here is all about identity. The question of Who-am-I.
So, what am I trying to say here?
). It’s almost like Sherlock and John are ships out on the sea in a storm, isn’t it?...And doesn’t the show have a water theme running through it? (I think I’ve read meta posts by @
(See the end of the chapter for
The two voices in Sherlock’s head are interesting, too: It’s easy to recognise that the ambassador’s male colleague [husband, probably] is an aspect of Sherlock since he’s wearing Sherlock’s shock blanket from ASiP and a shirt without a tie in the way Sherlock is wont to do.
Who represents who in this scenario?
As you know, we talk about paintings (and art in general) on this blog. (We also talk about sex quite a bit, but hopefully in not-too-crude terms for your liking.)
I know the reflection of light on its surface might make it a bit difficult to make out, but I knew what exact painting this was in 3 seconds flat.
to find out if his ‘baby’ (=relationship) is about to be born yet.
They even made sure to zoom in on the lion first and give us the banker’s portrait sharp and in focus
And we thought the sculpture of a gay God in TBB (
In other words, John’s
This meta was originally posted on my tumblr (sagestreet) on: 6 October 2021
Well, I kept wondering: Did they actually foreshadow this the lion=John metaphor? And guess what...They did! In ‘The Blind Banker’ (TBB). (All the stuff happens in TBB, so why am I even surprised.) Now, I’m not sure if anyone has written meta about this before. (And I apologise if anyone has)...Remember this scene here?
Which is what Moriarty told him in TGG: “I like to watch you dance.”
There. The bust confirms that, too.
No, wonder, Sherlock goes completely off the rails after that.
It looks a bit like a bouquet of flowers coming apart, doesn’t it?
And what can I tell you? It was used for the scenes between a gay (male) couple making googly eyes at each other.
Then there’s also the whole Biblical dimension of this one-eyed theme.
Here have another one by the same artist, just so you get a feel for these types of paintings:
In short, we have John holding his potential future relationship. Mary is on the one hand side, and Sherlock is on the other hand side. I.e., John has a decision to make when it comes to his potential future relationship. He has two options.
All of this is happening at the same time as the ‘Garridebs’ scene in TFP. That’s why the walls are red. That’s why there’s a ‘Chekhov’s gun’ hanging above them.
By the way, let’s take one more look at the brilliant staging of this scene (and not just because I want to get another glimpse of Howard Garrideb’s shapely behind;)).
When you love someone, you love ALL OF THEM. Even their faults. Even their ‘shortsightedness’. Even their mistakes and their screwed-up aspects (even the emotional wreck who tries to drink the gay away and keeps dating woman after woman). You love all of it. It’s all or nothing. You can’t split a person into stuff you love and stuff you don’t.
So, what do we get there? What is John’s John-ness like?
Conscious!Sherlock (and I don’t mean to say that Sherlock is awake, I really think Sherlock is in a coma...When I say ‘conscious’, I merely mean the Sherlock who works with the logical part of his brain). So, conscious!Sherlock tried to work out what exactly it was about John that made him fall in love. He puzzled over this for a while and made his choice.
And since I believe that all of s4 happens in Sherlock’s head, we can even say that Sherlock is trying to tell himself here that that past quasi-relationship John had with him wasn’t always a very good one for John. John had to endure a lot. Sherlock was very demanding. John had to be at his beck and call all the time. Their relationship involved a lot of one-sided praise (“Oh, you’re so clever,”) and never a word of thank you in John’s direction.
(Note that they made sure the sign was lit properly, so we could read it.)
Clearly, the film team didn’t care about these paintings at all; they are irrelevant to the plot. So irrelevant that even the fact that some of them were painted long after 1895 and technically couldn’t have been there yet didn’t really matter. Such as with this portrait
Note that in both my examples above, the flowers are practically dropping out of that vase. That too is a very typical feature of any such painting.
So, let’s assume that this TFP scene is, indeed, again all about Sherlock (the show is called ‘Sherlock’, after all).
has pointed out
And all of that doesn’t just happen in ANY ‘Doctor Who’ episode. It happens in one of the episodes that have Madame Vastra and Jenny in them, the characters that are just basically Sherlock-and-John templates.
Absolutely not! Most emphatically not, as a matter of fact.
Read: John’s purpose is to protect Sherlock!
I know a lot has been written about the ‘baby’ metaphor already. And I remember seeing posts about how the ‘baby’ is a metaphor for John and Sherlock’s love right after s4 aired. (I think
Even if we leave aside for a moment Sherlock’s faked death in the Reichenbach episode, Sherlock is depicted as a martyr throughout the show. (Keep in mind the Christ metaphor going on at the beginning and at the end of series 3, for example. From what I’ve read, it was
the episode ‘The Final Problem’? I don’t really know. My feelings on this are complicated...
Well, let’s just say that it was described, celebrated even, by one Johann Joachim Winckelmann, yes, that famous German archeologist and Classicist scholar. I still remember how, decades ago, we learned about Winckelmann’s ecstatic description of the Apollo Belvedere at school and how our teacher gave a dry chuckle and stated that Winckelmann was himself “an ardent admirer of the male form”.
(John didn’t exactly have a cultic centre of worship built over Sherlock’s “grave” and he didn’t name an entire city after him either, but other than that...well...)
Nice. Isn’t it?
In art history, depictions of people having one eye shot through are clever references to the concept of perspective. So, should the show ‘Sherlock’ actually go where a lot of people
(But I like this idea more than John reading the Bible. It could admittedly still be a Dickens or Oscar Wilde book, as some people have suggested.)
Since Hermes is the guider of souls to the Underworld, he has long been seen as a symbol of the unconscious.
Sherlock (inside the room=his mind) is divided in three aspects: John (Sherlock’s heart/emotional side) on the left, Sherlock himself as the very essence of his own true self in the middle and Mycroft (Sherlock’s brain/intellectual capabilities) on the right.
And if their ‘baby’ (=relationship) grows older, it will need fairy tales because that’s what John and Mary are telling themselves...They’re certainly not telling each other the truth.
All screencaps taken from here: https://kissthemgoodbye.net/
This meta was originally posted on my tumblr (sagestreet) on: 20 February 2017
Do we need any further confirmation that John IS. NOT. IN. LOVE. WITH. MARY.
(attributed to Juan Luis Zambrano) (For a high-res., enlargeable image, click
Since the ‘baby’ acts as a switch and keeps changing its meaning depending on who it is associated with, this is clearly NOT John and Mary’s relationship. It’s not even John and Sherlock’s relationship per se. Sherlock is interacting with that baby all on his own: So, this is Sherlock’s perspective on how his own future relationship, his own love life, is shaping up to be. (And obviously that future relationship is connected with John. Duh.)
Obviously that’s not how love works at all.
Here we’re looking at Evans (Sherlock) the ‘murder victim’ and Garrideb (John) as the metaphorical ‘killer’. But the truth is, it could just as well be the other way around. Mofftiss are accentuating the fact that the entire scenario can be flipped whichever way because it’s not just Sherlock who fell in love (=was metaphorically ‘murdered’) by John. John is a metaphorical ‘murder victim’, too. And Sherlock is a metaphorical ‘killer’, too. This love goes both ways, after all. That’s why you could just as well flip it and watch it unfold the other way around. At this point, we’re probably in Sherlock’s head. That’s why we’re shown this scene this way around. From Sherlock’s point of view.
But in ACD’s canon story 3GAR, we’re told the story from Watson’s point of view. So, Watson imagines himself in place of the metaphorical ‘victim’...literally...he is, after all, injured by Evans (the dark Holmes!mirror) in the *cough* ‘leg’. And then the good!Holmes aspect comes rushing to him and John sees the love in Holmes’s eyes. Yeah...That literally happens. Gosh, ACD!Watson, could you be any more obvious about what this is all about?;)
Make of that what you will...;)
And don’t forget: Of all the statues they could have chosen, they chose Venus, the Goddess of Love, to represent the subtext here.
So, why do I still think including this painting was a deliberate choice?
And why would our John be reading something like this at this precise moment in the storyline?
The shot of the ‘Mancini’ ad transitions into a shot of Clara’s happy face, a face that’s smiling because of her sudden discovery (!) of a secret message...ahem...
There’s also one reading of the murder weapons theme that, to be honest, I’m hesitating to discuss here.
tied to Moriarty: There’s a note of Moriarty’s tied to its handle!
That’s their verdict.
(Did I just dare Mofftiss and Arwel Wyn Jones to include the Barberini Faun in series 5? I think I did.:))
Well, Sherlock doesn’t just duck behind the sculpture; he uses it as a shield. The sculpture shields his entire body from any harm:
To their left, there’s Mary Magdalene, that age-old symbol of temptation and seduction. Need I say more?;)
Boom.
But I digress...
And now eeeeveryone... “
Dude painted the (more or less) same painting (with minor variations) over and over and over again...Yeah, he was zen like that.
And later it’s Sherlock who finds the sculpture (I’m sure it’s not a coincidence that it’s neither John nor Andy who find it) and thus shows us directly that there’s a parallel between him and Soo-Lin because they’re both looking at the same sculpture (read: the same subtext).
What’s fascinating about her story is that the famous master Praxiteles caused a bit of a scandal when he created her.
That’s what Sherlock’s ‘Shadow’ (Eurus) does here. She tells Sherlock that Sherlock loves all of John. That all of John deserves to go into Sherlock’s ‘ocean’. She tells Sherlock that Sherlock feels THE SAME about all aspects of John....literally:
As a kind of afterthought, I’d like to quickly point out a couple of the other paintings to be found at Tyntesfield even if I suspect that their appearance on screen in TAB is merely coincidental and probably doesn’t carry any symbolic meaning.
Have we talked about the Piet Mondrian reference in TEH yet?
So, let’s talk about how many parallels there are between Sherlock and Saint Lawrence.
Molly=John who is forced to look at coma!Sherlock from the outside, but can’t actually interfere with what’s going on inside the ‘room’, ie, inside Sherlock
Oh, and remember that the episode TBB of ‘Sherlock’ had two (!) ‘Venus pudica’ style sculptures in it, too! Just like this episode of ‘Doctor Who’.
Two statues and Sherlock in between. A statue of a severed head and a statue called ‘Labour’. That’s all his life is.
(See the end of the chapter for
Note: No babies were hurt for the purposes of this meta.:) And as we all know, the ‘baby’ here is just a metaphor. The disgusting things I said above don’t apply to actual, real-life babies. Obviously.
One of those two paintings is displayed on the wall to the right of the knight’s armour...
statue
(If you don’t know what St.Nicholas Day is because your country doesn’t celebrate it, then this is just a present for funsies. Enjoy.)
What’s particularly fascinating is the fact that this time there is a clear erotic connotation to it: This Anadyomene-type Venus is coquettishly showing us her barely covered buttocks.
The coolest part comes now, though.*rubs hands together in glee*
Now look what Madame Vastra and Jenny have got in their home (in a veritable 221b Baker Street copy!):
The other one is the Doctor himself. (The Doctor has been a Sherlock!mirror again and again. And never more so than in the episode ‘Deep Breath’.)
But look what shows up on Mary’s ‘side’ of the menu: The dessert which is also a pun: you’re ‘profiting’ by playing a ‘role’. (Also, profiteroles are basically just stuffed windbags, so that made me laugh.)
(See the end of the chapter for
None of that is true for our St. Lawrence painting!
Way to go, Mofftiss. You put a giant empty heart metaphor on Mary’s side of the equation.:D
I apologise again for bringing up ideas that weren’t exactly brand-new. I suspect a lot of this has been discussed in the fandom over the last six years of my near-total johnlock abstinence. Let’s hope it doesn’t take me six years again to write another johnlock fic. But then, you never know.
It’s possible that Mofftiss flipped this whole ‘Garrideb’ scenario to tell us that they will indeed be showing us a ‘Garrideb’ scene (that we’ve all been waiting for), but that it won’t be a John-is-almost-dying-and-Sherlock-is-finally-showing-his-cards kinda deal like in ACD’s story. It will be flipped: We will see Sherlock almost dying (in his coma) and John showing his love for Sherlock.
brother?
How very fitting for this episode!
) element in it.
It’s a bit blurry, but I’m willing to bet that this is a ficus. And you know, ‘ficus’ is slang for ‘gay man’ in some languages. Because a ficus is, erm, tall, wispy and sort of sprawling all over the place...like...I hate to say this, but there’s an ironic eye twinkle in this and I’m saying this with love, really...like Sherlock!:)
SOMEBODY IS DYING! What we’re seeing is the dream of a dying man.
Venus is fully naked and bare and yet also modest, covered and hidden. She inhabits both states at the same time.
Remember how suicide is such an important theme on the show.
It’s probably a sculpture of the ‘Venus Anadyomene’ type (a half-draped Venus, re-emerging after her bath), but I can’t be sure which sculpture it is exactly, not with the head missing and from that distance.
A scene that is flipped when compared to ACD’s 3GAR.
And now look at the painting again!
. (Sounds like John isn’t getting anything connected to ‘the flesh’ out of his relationship with her, ie, there’s no sex.) Sherlock, on the other hand, is the meat-stuff.:) I mean, we all remember the two inn-keepers and their not-really-vegetarian pub in THoB, right?
Sherlock Holmes has become the pipe and the hat and the horse carriages and the gas lamps and the cases, the man who frowns on love and/or falls in love with Irene Adler, the man who says, ‘Elementary, my dear Watson,’ even though he never did that in the books.
The ‘Apollo Belvedere’ (the epitome of male beauty) was standing right between Andy and his boss, as this conversation was happening, as if it were symbolically representing their topic of conversation. So, yeah:
phone now needs an assistant (probably a heart assist device, as I proposed
The task is to find out what exactly it is about John that Sherlock fell in love with.
Once you get older and grow up a bit, you do of course realise that it’s impossible to answer that question. But when it’s your first time, when you haven’t loved anyone ever before, you still wonder about this kinda stuff.
Right next to the infamous peaCOCK painting, too.:D
In any case, it seems like this menu is showing us John’s bisexual options yet again, and one of those options looks nicer than the other. Quel surprise.
Yeah, yeah, Sherlock, we get it. Your own homosexuality is, of course, oh-so-refined and oh-so-cultured. *rofl* While John’s homosexual side is a wild animal with long, scratchy nails. John’s homosexual side is so wild and so, so raucous.:) While Sherlock’s transport (or so Sherlock seems to assume) is just some tame servant driving him around. Unimportant and easily dismissed.
It could go either way. And the reason why John is holding the ‘baby’ is because he is the ‘fulcrum’ in their love triangle.
3) The third level is the overarching meta level: the level that examines the relationship between author, audience, adaptations and the Sherlock Holmes character that has existed for more than 120 years.
for your effort! (For the whole set of their brilliant photographs, see
And keep in mind that, in said restaurant scene, this Piet Mondrian-esque background is actually part of A CLOAKROOM!
What’s interesting in our ‘Sherlock’ context is that this is a sculpture of the ‘Venus pudica’ type, meaning the ‘modest Venus’ type...because she is covering her genitals with her hand. (It’s actually the prototype of all later ‘Venus pudica’ type sculptures.)
This abundance of sculpture subtext was not enough for whoever was having their Sherlock-y field day in that episode of ‘Doctor Who’:
(But I’ll explain that later.)
EMP actually makes a lot of sense not just in-universe, but also on a meta level!
No, obviously, it doesn’t.
So, essentially, the ‘Dangling Garridebs’ scene is really just a stepping stone to a wider, longer chain of self-realisations (and some day I might even write a meta about what is going on in the first task with the Governor David and his wife because this one actually ties in with the other tasks pretty neatly in that respect).
in an episode that is basically all about Sherlock having tried to martyr himself (ie, having tried to take his own life by ODing)...in an episode that is literally showing us his suicide attempt from the ‘inside’ perspective.
Now, I’m sure you’re all as adept at using wikipedia as I am, so I needn’t say that Hermes is the god of merchants, messengers, thieves, and tricksters, etc. You can read up on all of that yourself.
So far I have only discussed the first part of Lawrence’s famous quote – the part that mentions death by being burned. Let’s take a look at the second part of it:
Well, and if you want to read up on Antinous and Oscar Wilde or Antinous and 19th-century gay culture, there’s a lot of interesting stuff out there. Suffice it to say that Antinous is a gay icon. Nobody includes his statue in a frame without knowing what they’re doing.
For the purposes of this meta, I’m going to assume that the victim (Evans) represents Sherlock. It’s just a hypothesis, okay? But hear me out:
Ouch.
And Eurus (Sherlock’s inner aspect) tells him that. She literally does.
appearance in TBB.:)
This one is by Jean-Baptiste Monnoyer, so at least we have a connection with England.
You know, it’s actually quite sweet how Sherlock tries to determine by means of logic which aspect of John it is that he fell in love with. It’s sweet how he thinks you can calculate that in a conscious, rational, mathematical type of way.
Clara is Sherlock here.
I had previously written a long-ish meta (
And John’s shaking hand was already covered right at the start of the show in ASiP.
We also have Faust (and who could be more Faustian than Sherlock in his quest ‘to understand what holds the world together at its core’) who is shown in his dealings with the devil and who honestly thinks that the whole story is about him and the devil, no other players involved.
And it gets better.
How clear have they made this?
If the show at its very beginning (s1ep2) asks, ‘
Also, while we’re at it: Let’s keep in mind that Mary is very, very visually shown to be in pain, ie, Mary did NOT enter into that relationship with John on her own terms. It pained her to do that. Somebody (*cough* Moriarty *cough*) forced her to do it. She was not happy at all when that relationship started.
A few seconds before we see the sign, Sherlock almost runs into a glass display case. This is literally where he comes from:
There is one other thing. But I hesitate to write about it because this might be taking the metaphor a bit too far. (They didn’t make those tapestries, after all. They just used them in a clever way.) I will briefly mention it, however, because it’s a nice little detail too. It could,
Let’s just say that even though Sherlock said, “Sex doesn’t alarm me,” in ‘Scandal in Belgravia’, I’m not entirely convinced that he wasn’t lying.
The waiter is clearly a Sherlock!mirror, seeing as Sherlock will take on his role as waiter just a few moments later.
Ever since the ‘Three Garridebs’ scene in TFP aired, I’ve been puzzling over its meaning.
It’s from the Gospel of MARK (!). (I see you laughing, Mark Gatiss.:D)
; and green circle:
Seriously, this show!!!:D
Now, you might wonder: What is this epitome of male beauty, that countless artists (and gay idiots such as myself) have been swooning over for centuries, doing in a scene between Andy and his boss? Why is it sitting there between them as though it were the topic of their conversation?
This turns into Sherlock’s brain speaking, then. And Sherlock’s brain adds, “I’ve never been good with them...”
There are quite a few clues hidden in those tapestries that tell us what is going on in this episode and in the show as a whole.
As always, you may find my Sherlock meta (somewhat disorganised and incomplete):
(Hard to imagine, but dividing history into the bad times before the 1960s and the good times afterwards isn’t a particularly helpful concept. History is usually more complicated than that.)
Mycroft (=Sherlock’s brain) is desperately trying to lose weight (the opposite of eating, which on this show is a metaphor for sex, as we all know). Sherlock’s brain is trying to be ascetic. It’s trying to get itself and all these urges under control. It’s running on a treadmill. It’s trying to keep lean, to push all of these unwanted pounds from eating food (=sexual desires) away. Sherlock’s brain is trying to rid itself of those erotic urges...whilst Sherlock is attending John’s wedding!!!
All of these adaptations have turned Sherlock into a dead character that can only be gay on the inside (in his mind palace), torturing himself on the inside, but being dead, comatose and without a pulse on the outside.
I can show you a couple of other paintings by Edward Ladell that AREN’T IT either.
Jesus! How did I not see this before?!
When you engage in the noble sport of squinting at a film’s or TV show’s set design to spot and identify paintings (or sculptures), there are four possible outcomes to this endeavour:
All three of them could potentially be guilty of metaphorically ‘murdering’ Sherlock, but only one of them IS guilty, Sherlock tells us.
Isn’t that a nice visual way of telling us that our poor, sexually frustrated John is dumbstruck by the perfect, stubborn, impossible, loveable, sexy, and completely naked creature that is sitting on the sofa in front of him?
Did you think this scene with Lestrade in TST was just a stupid joke? A repeated one (from TSoT), at that? Because, as is always the case with Mofftiss’ writing: When there’s a joke, you should look twice as hard for the more serious subtext.
Mofftiss really weren’t subtle here: Being married to Mary means your ‘marriage’ throws up all over you on a daily basis. (I can almost see Gatiss cackling as he wrote that.)
Creepy.
And these two worlds that the artist (ie, the showrunner) is looking out for are in the same painting with him!
The Perseus-and-Medusa sculpture in Anderson’s room in TEH isn’t the only Perseus-themed one on the show. Anderson has got a Cellini statue, yes. But in this s1 scene in TBB we were already shown an equivalent by another sculptor.
), the bust that represents introspection and childhood.
Soo Lin then unveils the sculpture (ie, the subtext) for us:
Because then the relationship would have been fake all along. If John and Mary’s ‘baby’ is, in fact, David and Mary’s ‘baby’, that would mean that John and Mary’s relationship was never real. If David were the father of Mary’s ‘baby’, that would mean that Mary was in a relationship with David all along.
(BTW, this also nicely explains why Sherlock is so tan in s4. Sherlock now knows he is in love. He has consciously known ever since the wedding. Makes sense that he imagines the traces of that love all over himself.)
Anyway, so that’s that.
[The ambassador (Sherlock's impatient side) doesn't want to put any faith in the people who will be trying to get him out of his coma. She (Sherlock) says as much. She (Sherlock) doubts they will ever manage to 'get out'. She (Sherlock) does, however, point out that she (Sherlock) has got AMO (=love) as a trump card. Love is going to get Sherlock out of this 'hostage situation' (=coma).]
Which would make this scene a nice callback to ACD-canon!Watson.
I don’t need to tell you about the number of times bananas have been used as metaphors for fellatio (or the desire for fellatio) on TV shows. It’s not exactly a complex metaphor.
Yeah...
So, I don’t know. I really don’t.
Sherlock comes to the very mature conclusion that, if you love somebody, you have to love the whole person.
To complete this whole tableau in front of us, we get a depiction of the Goddess Aphrodite (Venus) standing behind the couple, her hand outstretched above their heads in benediction. Yes, the Goddess of Love is literally blessing (!) the two lovers just as they’re turning their faces towards each other, about to kiss, absorbed in whatever this little sex game of theirs is.;)
You need a fake tan if the only light beams you’re getting aren’t from the ‘sun’ but from the ‘moon’.
I’d at least write down my wild speculations, so here goes...
National Museum Cardiff
(See the end of the chapter for
John’s heterosexual side (as represented by Alex Garrideb’s attempts at grooming himself into something he isn’t) uses a FAKE tan! That tan is not what you get when a real ‘sun’ touches your skin. That tan comes canned in a cold tin or tube or whatever. It’s fake. It’s not real.
And Sherlock very, very clearly gives that future a name: John’s name!
On the textual level she’s just talking about the photos, but since they’re photos OF the baby, we can probably assume that this refers to the ‘baby’ (=relationship), too.
Because someone still chose that specific camera angle. Somebody decided for this painting to be in the frame (and for it to be looming ominously over Sherlock’s shoulder, at that).
And we know from TSOT what Sherlock worked out during John’s wedding that he (Sherlock) was metaphorically ‘murdered’ (=fell in love).
And let’s not even mention the fact that the Half-Faced Man had turned into a stitched-together Frankenstein’s monster over the course of several centuries...you know, like the iconic Sherlock Holmes character, who, over the course of 130+ years, through adaptation after adaptation, has become unrecognizable to anyone who fell in love with the original Arthur Conan Doyle stories. Nice joke, that.
(The fact that we all remember the ACD!canon story ‘The Adventure of the Devil’s Foot’ about Holmes and Watson in Cornwall is an extra bonus, I suppose. @watsonshoneybee speculated that there is actually a connection between TAB and ‘The Devil’s Foot’
wrote about it only recently (
By the way, ‘Goscombe’ John’s actual name was:
PPS: In case you find the translation of lions=John unpersuasive: Remember how, in TBB, Sherlock literally hid from danger behind a giant
Good grief.
This meta was originally posted on my tumblr (sagestreet) on: 9 September 2017
When it comes to filming outside of the studio environment, the same rules apply that would apply to any church, tree, house or mountain: The set designers didn’t create the painting, but they don’t create architecture, city skylines or landscapes either, and yet all and any of these can carry a symbolic meaning.
It’s once John goes out and is met with other people staring at him that he feels uncomfortable.
I’ve seen a lot of anti-EMP-people argue that EMP doesn’t make any sense because it wasn’t in the original ACD!stories:
After all, it wouldn’t make any sense if Sherlock were actually trying to determine who he fell in love with in a line-up of three separate, different people. He KNOWS he fell in love with John. So, all three of them have to be John.
What’s this I spy with my little Sherlock-trained-eye?
or (better organized) in my sherlock meta tag:
...UNDER THE CUT.
(See the end of the chapter for
The one in the red circle (
And Alex is a John!mirror, too.
Look, I don’t want to overanalyse this, and I’m sure not every ingredient on this menu has to mean something.
Well, his girlfriend has just broken up with him in that scene. She has more or less accused him of being gay and in love with Sherlock. In this time of crisis (and with Sherlock ostensibly being more interested in Irene Adler, or so John thinks – we know better, of course), wouldn’t it make sense for John to fall back on the two things he knows best: alcohol and his army training as a doctor on the front lines?
But it gets better.
Why does Sherlock seem to visually step out of a Mondrian painting when he enters the restaurant’s dining hall?
So, a statue that today is known as a prime example and prototype of a ‘modest Venus’ caused a scandal because she was completely naked.
Interestingly, Cleopatra committed suicide by poisoning herself (think of Sherlock and his drug problem!). This could potentially tie in with all those EMP-starting-during-the-pilot-theories (I’m looking at you
But there’s more...
In art history, this is typically found in still life paintings, where this is often the stone/marble/wooden/carved ledge upon which there rests a basket of fruit or a vase of flowers. It’s really a rather typical feature.
I’ve just seen this brilliant
She first throws the other two men into the water. And then, when John (=Sherlock’s heart) protests, adds the culprit himself to that list, too.
about that.)
Oh, and it could also be a reference to the way Sherlock sees John’s homosexual side in comparison to his (Sherlock’s) own homosexuality.
(See the end of the chapter for
Those two aspects of Sherlock (in his own head) represent 1) what Sherlock was like in ASiP when we first met him [=the traditional Sherlock Holmes, so to speak] and 2) what Sherlock could become if he were just brave enough for it. For now they’re both there (in Sherlock’s head) arguing. But they’re also both wrapped in shock blankets because Sherlock is very close to the death threshold in reality.
This scene is crystal clear as to what is actually going on throughout s3 and 4:
The new clothes on Alex Garrideb and his fake tan.
I think I spewed tea all over my computer screen when I saw it and then screamed for a good minute
and by @waitedforgarridebs and
Nails=Claws>>>>Dogs. You know...
‘Sherlock Holmes’ as a
2) Saly created his sculpture at a time when the arts, literature and philosophy became more and more interested in the concept of childhood. Up until the 18th century, children were mostly just seen as smaller versions of adults. It was only during the 18th century that people started to understand the importance of childhood for the formation of an adult’s personality.
Here, have a painting by Jan Styka of the god Hermes leading souls into the Underworld:
Well, before you dismiss this idea as stupid with a ruffle of your curls, a bored scowl and a dramatic twirl of your dressing gown, hear me out:
This tan in ASiP was real.
One of the things that always hits me about Vermeer is the way he painted light. I swear there’s nobody else who could do that the way he did. It’s this indirect light inside of a room, a light whose light source we, the viewers, never get to see. It’s very noticeable (please, actual art history majors, come out of the woodwork and support me on this, because I’m not actually one of you, but I’m pretty sure I’m right on this one).
What we at first assumed to be a period ACD!canon piece turns out to be a drug-induced fever dream on a plane. It’s precisely at this moment, after Sherlock’s discovery of Moriarty’s “Miss-me” note, that the episode turns around, turns upside down (or inside out, whichever way you want to look at it).
What a thrilling sex life they must have. It’s vomit-inducing.
It was Alex.
And in TFP, Sherlock deduces that Howard Garrideb, a drunkard with an ‘unsteady’ hand, couldn’t have pulled the trigger and hit Evans (=Sherlock).
Well, Piet Mondrian is one of those painters about whom every respectable art textbook (to this very day) will say that ‘sadly he never got married, but it definitely, totally, certainly, absolutely wasn’t because he was gay, oh, no, no, no, he wasn’t gay, he was just, erm, too focussed on his work, yes, you could say he was practically married to his work and not really interested in sex and love and romance and all that...Yes, this.’
And then, Gatiss gives us the most political statement about John and Mary’s relationship we will get in this episode. (Remember that whenever the ‘baby’ is associated with John and Mary, it’s THEIR relationship we’re talking about, not John and Sherlock’s.)
You can even see one of the staff still handling Sherlock’s coat in the background as Sherlock steps into the dining hall:
It looks, for a moment, as though he’s about to become the fourth skull in that display case.
It’s not that I disagree with this reading. Not at all. It’s just that I think the ‘baby’ metaphor does a bit more than just that. And it’s actually quite cool:
Also, this scenario would fit nicely with the bust’s title ‘La Boudeuse’ (the sulking one). After all, John is the grumpy one on the show, as per ‘Word of God’.;)
) in Part 2 of my ‘Follow the dog’ meta series, were both mirrors for John...or rather for the two sides of his sexuality.
Hairs in your ears can mean: something natural is bubbling up from underneath your fake!heterosexual persona, yes. But it also means that your ears are ‘clogged’.
This little man with that arrow sticking from his eye tells us in a visual way that we should be paying attention to the way perspective is used in the fresco as a whole.
In the Osiris myth, Osiris is killed by his brother, by the way. Isn’t it nice that this sculpture appears right before Soo-Lin is killed by
Yes, the Half-Faced Man in ‘Deep Breath’ is a Sherlock!mirror. But I’m sure you all knew that already.
Again, I’m not saying that Edward Ladell meant it that way. I think Mofftiss and their set designers meant it that way and picked this painting for precisely that reason.
has to say about the Muse Erato – just in case you want to die of a sugar overdose.:)
No, Mofftiss specifically went with the famous, yet very ambiguous ‘Capitoline Antinous’. And so, we’re stuck with this double meaning of Antinous
I’m pretty sure it’s
Well, why would Sherlock need to determine which John!mirror (=which aspect of John’s personality) metaphorically ‘murdered’ him?
Remember TST? The famous blog post (that never turns up on the actual blog and that John only types into a jpg-file)?
What about John and Sherlock’s relationship?
To make things even more complicated, they didn’t show us a flashback of a walking, talking man, so that we could compare his mannerisms or choice of words to Sherlock’s or John’s demeanour, manner of speaking and dress; we only got a photograph of him.
I hope this is the right kind of meta to get you into the Christmas mood (told you I was gonna have a little Christmas present for you).
And, as LSiT and countless other brilliant people have already pointed out, the locked room represents Sherlock’s heart: If Sherlock locks his heart and doesn’t let John in, that spells doom for him. And to make matters even worse: It’s John himself who tells Soo-Lin, “Bolt the door after me.” In other words, John leaves ‘Sherlock' (Soo-Lin) and even tells ‘Sherlock’ too lock his heart. And this means ‘Sherlock’ is doomed.
Howard Garrideb is such a clear John!mirror we don’t even have to think about this part of the puzzle for very long: He drinks and his hands shake. Everyone who has a drinking problem on this show is a John!mirror (cf. here (
And then Molly (John) disappears and takes the ‘baby’ (=prospect of a relationship) with her.
That bird looks so much like all those little owls Hieronymus Bosch loved to include in his paintings:
. (I didn’t want to hijack and derail her post with my long ramblings, so here goes...)
Sherlock sloshed the water up over his forearms, scrubbing every trace of red that would wash away. Water splashed up to his rolled-up sleeves, raising goosebumps all the way up to his neck. He scrubbed and scratched at the blood caked between his fingers, under his nails, around the base of his wedding ring, and when he had cleaned away all he could he left the water running and braced his hands against the side of the sink, watching it swirl down the drain and sucking deep breaths into lungs that suddenly seemed too small to hold air.
Sherlock was looking up at him, uncertainty creasing his brow.
“When the snow lay round about,” the driver had joined in behind him, making Sherlock jump. He had a perfect operatic basso.
There was a warmth in John’s chest now, not just from the heat of Sherlock’s body. He wasn’t just comfort, he was John’s true north, his light in the dark. He could make anywhere feel perfect. Together, they
He grabbed his coat again and slammed the door behind him.
“Hey.” John stepped away from the counter a little bit. “All they have is a single – no double rooms.”
. It was his duty as the country’s leader to help people, wasn’t it?
John listened to him puttering around in the kitchen, the familiar sounds and movements trickling through the sitting room and loosening the knot behind his temple. Yes, getting better was a pain, but John knew by now that he could never hurt for very long as long as Sherlock was there. And right now, that was truer than ever.
He stumbles on his way to the edge of it, tearing the knees of his trousers and letting the rocks bite into his palms as he clutches the edge, and he can barely see past the blinding mirror of moonlight but the water is spilling calmly over the sides and there’s a shock of ghostly pale among the blackness that no waves could ever obscure.
being his, who would
Sherlock swallowed heavily. “The suspect, he–”. His voice caught in his throat. He tried again. “The suspect pulled a switchblade, neither of us saw it. He stabbed John in the abdomen and ran off. I shot but I couldn’t follow him.”
“Harry, can I call you back?” he rasped out.
He pocketed the radio and swung himself over the ledge of the roof, skipping the ladder and leaping down onto the platform of the fire escape. The curtains inside were drawn, but no light was visible in the room beyond, and the entire building was silent as the grave. Sherlock stood still for a moment, making sure it was safe, then pulled a small penknife from his pocket. He slid the blade underneath the window ledge, and after two or three slow passes the latch clicked open.
“I love you.”  The words ghosted over John’s skin like heavy London air.
“John’s been stabbed,” Sherlock replied, weakly. The blockage in his throat was beginning to return.
When she’d been ushered out reluctantly to go to bed, John sat down next to Sherlock, who had pulled his sketchpad out and was bent over it.
“Oh – yeah?” John’s eyebrows raised in surprise, but he managed to reign in the eagerness in his voice. “Can I see?”
Now, you get the whole picture. The little Cupid is now aiming at both couples, Mark Antony and Cleopatra AND John and Sherlock. And Aphrodite, the Goddess of Love, is now blessing both couples from above with her outstretched hand.
The fact that this sexual subtext (the sculpture!) is literally headless is just an added little gag.:) Well, we all lose our heads when we fall head over heels, I suppose...
(See the end of the chapter for
In this screenshot Sherlock visually becomes one with the dead body lying on the slab. And that’s no coincidence. That dead body represents Sherlock Holmes (the man who, as Molly points out, “used to work here”).
As I argued in that meta, babies act as ‘switch metaphors’: The question of whose relationship we’re looking at depends on who exactly is talking about the baby. So, the meaning of the ‘baby’ switches from scene to scene.
So, ‘Black Sails’ basically hit the jackpot there when it comes to the humour of a sniggering 13-year-old disguised as high-brow art.
. [...]
But he isn’t going anywhere. Mycroft (=Sherlock’s brain) is stuck in place.
to the right of that dark doorway is a picture of milkmaids and cows by the way, so I refuse to believe that it is, in any way, significant for what we’re seeing in this scene, and well...they’re not really showing it to us, anyway.
They are both shown in profile, facing the same direction. As if to underline that THEY ARE THE SAME. The ‘Apollo Belvedere’ is Sherlock. And Clara, too, is a Sherlock!mirror. The curly hairstyle they both sport here highlights that fact even more.
You love all and everything about this other person. All of it. And all of it is going to end up in your emotional ‘ocean’. (If water is really the metaphor for feelings, just imagine for a moment what an entire ocean (!) means about how great Sherlock’s love for John is!)
So, if you’ve always thought that office with its curtain-like odd walls was weird as hell, well...then here’s another hint that what we’re seeing is not real (dare I say it?) EMP!
As I said, we will probably never know what kind of painting it is and who painted it. And it’s perfectly possible that even my speculation about it being a flower still life is absolutely, entirely, 100 % wrong.
And from the way the above scene was filmed, it’s obvious that we’re supposed to read the lion as a guardian here. The lion is guarding the banker. The lion is the protector and defender. Nice. That’s our John, basically.:)
(See the end of the chapter for
A huge peaCOCK. A butt-shaped peach. (And maybe, possibly, potentially, a symbolical deflowering.) And that nice tableau is literally drowning in grapes and has a wine glass standing at attention as if to tell us that this ‘deflowering’ could only ever happen if both participants were incredibly drunk and thus uninhibited.
But Sherlock won’t lose the ‘baby’ (their relationship) out of his sight ever again. And we get a brilliant confirmation for that in the therapist scene at the end of TLD here:
All of that, in the same episode as this:
Tagging:
Legend has it that when Saint Lawrence was to be arrested, the Imperial Treasury wanted to confiscate the Church’s financial assets and Lawrence was asked to turn over the Church’s treasures within three days.
on the set of TBB was in-your-face. How much gayer can this get?
But a better, more real version of Sherlock. That’s the version that will survive. It’s the original. Not the stitched-together monster.
Remember that, a second later, Sherlock deduces that the waiter who’s stepping into his path is an expectant father?
I don’t think any of this is a coincidence. I think, the showrunners know what they were doing when they rented ‘Goldsmiths’ Hall’ to film these scenes.
So, @shiplocks-of-love asked me sometime before Christmas to write something about the ‘Three Garridebs’ scene in TFP, and I’ve been typing ever since...basically.:) See the finished result of this blood-sweat-and-tears exercise below.
Also, I like the idea of this bust being about Sherlock because, then, ALL the busts that were shown on the show would be about him.
Because this is the freaking ‘
But this is more than just a sign that John doesn’t feel too great about his heterosexual relationships. There is more to this metaphor. His hand is not ‘steady’. Think about the pun here: steady girlfriend...steady partner. John’s hand is not steady when he is bored with *cough* ‘civilian life’. John’s hand is perfectly steady when it comes to being with Sherlock. And Mycroft tells us in ASiP that he can see from John’s hand (incidentally the left hand where John would wear a wedding ring) that John is not going to stay away from Sherlock Holmes.
’ by Praxiteles.
And the shaking hand is probably even more interesting: John’s hand starts to shake when he turns into a civilian again (=when he returns to his ‘more civilised’, aka, heterosexual life). It didn’t shake while he was at war (=living a homosexual life), and it stopped shaking when he met Sherlock (who is compared to a battlefield in ASiP). As many people before me have pointed out the code here is:
No, not that one!
Yeah, I know, right?:D
Okay, if I had even the slightest sliver of doubt that ‘Sherlock’ was telling us a gay love story, that doubt would be squashed now.
Apparently, this was filmed in this way to make sure that this ‘baby’ of John’s here could mean EITHER a relationship with Mary OR one with Sherlock.
The Half-Faced Man is the ‘Apollo Belvedere’ is Sherlock.
But does this mean that Sherlock Holmes has to die as an iconic character, too?
Yeah, Winckelmann didn’t just happen to be gay; he was exultingly and vibrantly gay. And that in 18th century Germany. And pretty much revered by his contemporaries for his re-discovery of all those Greek, Roman and Greco-Roman sculptures, revered for his love of male bodies even.
We see Sherlock’s mirror who will die right after this very scene, and this obviously foreshadows Sherlock’s own “death” too (staged in his case). This statue tells us exactly what John will have to go through once Sherlock is “gone”.
To be sure, cleverer people than I worked out pretty quickly after the episode had aired that the scene is a literal ‘cliffhanger’ and that it also literally dangles the ‘Garrideb’ scenario (from Doyle’s canon story 3GAR) in front of our eyes. Someone even worked out that there’s a ‘Chekhov’s gun’ (
The ‘Three Garridebs’ scene in TFP is about Sherlock’s unconscious inner personality (Eurus) giving Sherlock a task to solve:
Feelings have declared war on his ratio, and as imaginary!Mycroft points out: this enemy
This story, however, this TV show is not told from John’s point of view, and TFP in particular is told from Sherlock’s point of view (he’s probably in a coma). So, here the story is flipped. It’s now Sherlock who’s contemplating how he fell in love with John. So, now the metaphorical ‘murder victim’ and the ‘killer’ are flipped.
There is
It’s true that the paintings I usually analyse (like the ones I discussed in my art post series about ‘Black Sails’) were specifically chosen by set designers because the entire set was built and decorated in a studio. And it’s true that this isn’t the case with this scene in TAB. All the paintings at Tyntesfield can always be found hanging on the very walls where we see them in TAB. (Which is also why, unlike with ‘Black Sails’, I needed zero deductive skills to find them: All the paintings at Tyntesfield are properly catalogued.)
Sherlock is looking at three aspects of John, wondering which one it was that he fell in love with (=was metaphorically ‘killed’ by).
[...]
, there are “Calla lilies” (I encircled them in pink for your convenience).
Anyway...so when Praxiteles finished the statue, there was an uproar because of her state of undress.
This meta was originally posted on my tumblr (sagestreet) on: 17 February 2017
This sculpture is Cardiff’s famous ‘Drummer Boy’ by Sir William John (also known as ‘Goscombe’ John):
Last but not least...it would be really cool if their ‘baby’ turned out to be not John’s child at all.
(For a high-res., enlargeable image, see:
:)) or with EMP-starting-after-the-wedding-theories such as the one laid out by
(Just to give you an example...)
) can be read as:
Remember how Sherlock behaved throughout series 3: He was visibly suffering, but was willing to go along with John’s
And remember that ‘Mycroft’ is the metaphor for ‘the brain’. So, I would argue that Nathan, too, represents some sort of brain aspect. And since all three Garridebs are John!mirrors (or rather mirrors of three different aspects of John), Nathan Garrideb is the John!mirror who corresponds to John’s brain.
But we haven’t looked at the third level yet.
[And, of course, you all know what I think that childhood trauma of Sherlock's was. See my '
They are two naval scenes (cf.
However...in the past, it was often printed (or emblazoned) on the covers and flyleaves of books, booklets and pamphlets released by the War Office...and in the exact same spot as on the cover of John’s book, at that: Right in the middle.
Not just the one conscious!Sherlock condemned. All three of them.
So, a peach and grapes, huh...
What’s more, it happens in the ‘Doctor Who’ episode ‘Deep Breath’, an episode that has the most blatant, most brazen, Sherlock-y subtext I have seen in any of the Vastra/Jenny episodes.
(But don’t despair. It will get better.)
This would also explain why the whole scene is framed as a literal ‘cliffhanger’, as cleverer people than yours truly have pointed out time and again.
Remember all those sculptures in the episode ‘The Blind Banker’ (TBB) on BBC ‘Sherlock’?
The ‘Apollo Belvedere’ turns up one more time in ‘Deep Breath’. And it’s NOT in Madame Vastra’s living room.
Oh, yes, we have!
In other words...
What I mean to say is that Mofftiss and their set designers came up with this when they paired this ‘peach’ painting with the painting of a giant peaCOCK in the exact same set.
So, yes, in that TEH scene Sherlock visually comes out of a Piet Mondrian closet. Think about that for a moment...
is the sculpture standing there between Sherlock and John in the foreground (!) of this shot – a sculpture that is an enormously important part of gay culture. I mean, yeah, tooootally a coincidence that it just happened to stand there; it obviously just took a stroll out of the Vatican Museums and walked right into a ‘Sherlock’ scene. Yeah. Where the camera man just tripped over himself and happened to film that scene from that angle. Yep.
Oh, and take a look at the shot composition above, would you: A giant peaCOCK right next to a knight’s armour.
By the way, if you believe, like I do, that Sherlock is in a coma and that all of s4 – at the very least – is in Sherlock’s mind, then this scene is such a brilliant über-metaphor. Sherlock is on the inside, ie, inside his own mind, in his extended mind palace (EMP). John is on the outside. Sherlock is in his coma and he is contemplating John, who is ‘outside’ the coma.
More importantly...Lawrence’s famous quip, “I’m done on this side. You can turn me over now,” whilst being roasted to death, is a fascinating parallel to Sherlock’s personality and behaviour.
You could argue that John is already half-way ‘there’. Not completely yet.
The ‘Apollo Belvedere’ is shown in the same frame as Clara again – remember that Clara was a blatant Sherlock!mirror throughout her entire run on ‘Doctor Who’ – while Clara is scouring the newspaper for what will turn out to be an ad for ‘Mancini’s’ (!). And to top it all off, she’s holding a Holmesian magnifying glass in her hand at that very moment.
27. “I’ll miss you.”
And suddenly John was crying out, and Sherlock’s hips stuttered, and they tumbled over the edge together – John’s hips arched up into Sherlock’s touch, clinging to him as he came in one long, unbroken moan of pleasure while Sherlock gasped out a breathy cry as he came apart with his own shuddering movements. John felt him spilling warm and deep within his body as his own cock pumped out over his chest and Sherlock’s hand, and he gasped and moaned as they rode out each other’s orgasms, clutching each other tightly and breathing each other in, pleasure coursing between their bodies, perfectly in tandem.
He closed his eyes.
It wasn’t a bad song, actually. Sherlock swung his arms back and forth in time.
* * *
John whipped around to face Sherlock, his eyes wide.
and smitten when he heard them out loud. John swallowed heavily, and was fighting the urge to turn underneath Sherlock and hide his face in the mattress, when Sherlock’s face split into a wide smile.
His commitment never wavered, only the barest cracks of insecurity breaking through his mask of confidence where John almost couldn’t see them. But every time John caught a shadow of doubt in his face, or a miniscule hesitation in a usually steady hand, it made something clench around his heart, leaving him grasping for something comforting to say or do and always coming up empty.
Christmas wish, too.”
be it…”
Sherlock swallowed, then turned away and went off through the next set of doors.
“Thank you so much.” He tried to smile as he said it, but he probably just sounded tired. He spent most of his time tired, these days.
“That’s my husband!” Sherlock’s voice had raised to a hoarse shout without his consent. He tried once again to throw the other man’s grip from him, but his own hands were shaking too much.
“Then, maybe…” Sherlock whispered. He tilted his head to try to catch John’s eye. “Don’t answer.”
His face fell in a way that only Sherlock would ever be able to detect, and his brows knitted together with the ghost of sympathy. “He
“So she’ll be here by then?”
He stood in front of the mirror, brushing down the front of his jacket with his hands. Everything was perfect – he had on his burgundy silk shirt, one of John’s favorites on him, and he’d run some product through his hair so that it curled just so. If all went according to plan, it was about to be a very good evening, even with the awful time they were about to have at Harry’s.
John moved to leave, quietly slipping by Sherlock without glancing up at him, but Magnussen called out before he got the chance.
John was gone – taken away by strangers who may not even be able to save him – and Sherlock had barely seen his face, hadn’t even registered what he’d last said to him before he’d been rushed off.
.  John’s breath caught in his throat.
They sat in silence, each on opposite ends of the backseat. Sherlock was afraid to look up now, afraid of what he might see. It might be too much, and make him go into a full-blown panic.
“No, Sherlock –”
him smashed down all of John’s defenses. How was he supposed to do anything about it when he got weak in the knees whenever they were in a room together?
John leaned back on his ankles, and Sherlock dropped his hands from John’s body. He was still straddling his lap, and Sherlock was looking all around the room, uncomfortably.
Sherlock faltered, looking from Lestrade back to John, searching desperately in his face for a way out. But there wasn’t any to be found, and John knew it too – Sherlock could see it in the way his shoulders dropped with the smallest hint of a sigh.
“Jeannie?” Stacey called out. Her American accent sounded almost alien to John’s ears.
“Thank you, sweetheart,” he said, gently.
Sherlock shifted backwards a fraction, so John didn’t have to be pressed up so much against the wall. John found himself giggling a little, right into Sherlock’s face.
“We may be a small country,” he said out to the crowd. “But we’re a great one, too. The country of Shakespeare, Churchill, the Beatles, Sean Connery, Harry Potter!”
“You are so incredible,” he whispered, planting a final kiss on John’s bottom lip, then angled his face to press a soft kiss at the cleft of his chin. His touches drifted downward, feather-light brushes of his fingers wandering down towards John’s inner thigh.
He smoothed over the stiches one more time, then leaned in to kiss right above them, hovering close to John’s heart. He held himself there for only a little bit longer than usual, breathing only a little bit heavier against John’s chest, but John felt the difference as surely as if Sherlock had etched in into his skin; he held Sherlock against him with some fitful hope that maybe he could keep him from slipping back again, and marveled at how so intimate a touch could all the same feel so distant.
Sherlock sank heavily down into the chair in the centre and leaned forward on his elbows, steepling his fingers together in front of his face. He shut his eyes and allowed darkness to swallow the horrible, hollow whiteness of hospital walls, of lab coats, of charts and papers and scribbled notes on clipboards – he breathed deeply once, twice, three times, and let it all melt away.
and John’s entire body was alight with it.
put out if he decides to back out of the deal now.”
It was beautiful.
Sherlock wandered into the room and plopped down onto the pouf at the foot of Dad’s leather armchair. He felt his shoulders sag pitifully.
“Now,” Sherlock said. His tone was suddenly businesslike. “Did you get the green curry?”
“Come on.” Sherlock made to move, but John caught his arm.
Sherlock gave an unconvincing breath of laughter, and flipped open the container, plucking a few chips from the tray with his fingers.
“Since that first night,” Sherlock whispered.
“Well, clearly this ‘love’ thing is
“She did, yeah,” Dad chuckled. “But she also would have hated you thinking that this boy would despise you.”
John held the kettle under the sink, shaking with laughter.
The tension between them was electric – it was fire crackling in every stolen glance, it was overwhelming heat in every shifting movement; it was lightning striking his chest with each beat of his heart, with so much want in him he felt like he would burst into flame.
“And –” John went on, his face flushing. “This is Prime Minister Holmes.”
He sighed; Sherlock’s eyes boring into his back were all that was keeping him from dropping his head in shame.
Christmas was approaching quickly. A bit too quickly for John’s taste. He could remind himself to be grateful all he wanted, but it just wasn’t going to happen when that came with the realization that he’d have to go through it
Sherlock raced toward him, his arms spread out. Dad met him, lifting him up and spinning him around, laughing elatedly, and unable to stop.
In short, what Mofftiss are telling us is that Sherlock Holmes without his gay identity and without the love for John that comes with it is an almost dead, comatose Sherlock Holmes.
The meaning of the ‘baby’ switches to ‘Mary and John’s relationship’ when these two are talking about the ‘baby’. That’s why Mary forces John to name the ‘baby’ after her. John is forced to name the ‘baby’ (=his future relationship) after Mary, ie, his future relationship will bear her name.
Ready for some salty words about John and Mary’s relationship?
----------------
Too bad we can’t properly see it. Because in a fandom as clever as this, there are bound to be some people who really speak the infamous Victorian language of flowers and could probably go through each and every single one of them to tell us what they all mean.
All of which happens in the freaking SAME episode as the scenes that, subtextually of course, tell us that John and Sherlock almost had sex with each other while being very, very drunk after John’s stag night.
“You think…
The air outside was getting colder, which only made the office feel stuffy and crowded. People had been bustling in and out all day, in various stages of stress trying to get their designs in for increasingly demanding clients. Sherlock was with one in his office right now, apparently having a very frustrating conversation, seeing as he kept pacing back and forth and running his hands through his hair.
As soon as he was out of sight from the door, he clenched his fists and punched the air in triumph.
He leaned up to kiss John's forehead, sweet and smiling, before walking off to the kitchen. John watched him go, fondness radiating out of the lines of his brow.
Soon he was able to flag down a cab, and he climbed into it after John. He barked the directions at the driver as well as his broken Russian would allow, and then settled into the corner of the seat, purposely sitting as far away from John as he could manage.
might think.”
“Hold on. Keep your eyes closed.”
like it, have you?”
well.
It had been a long week, and John’s sleep schedule was utterly shot. They’d worked a case for most of the night on Tuesday, slept into the afternoon Wednesday, then had another in erratic bursts until Saturday, when they’d grabbed naps whenever they could. It was a gloomy Sunday afternoon now, and John had only had about four hours of sleep last night before they’d had to get up early for one last trip to the Yard, and now that they were done John felt drained and disoriented. It was only two in the afternoon, but he knew the rest of the day would be a write-off. He sat down heavily in his chair with a book, while Sherlock stood over in the corner plucking at his violin. John would have to write up the case tomorrow.
Sherlock’s eyes dart over the landscape, shadows, all shadows, no light, no sound, just the dim ripple of waves reflecting the silence –
“Of course you did,” Sherlock answered himself, shaking his head. “You old bitch.”
Soon enough, John was pulled out of his thoughts by the front door of the flat creaking open, and familiar footsteps sounded out through the hall, stopped briefly in the kitchen, then made their way toward the bedroom and Sherlock was pushing open the door.
“Yeah,” John nodded. The word came out as a hoarse whisper. “Yeah, I know.”
“John,” Sherlock breathed. The heat of his mouth drew John in again and again, making him tremble in Sherlock’s grip. “My wonderful, brave, brilliant John.”
“I mean, I don’t want to ruin…” The uncertainty had returned to John’s eyes as he looked back at Sherlock.
“Oh, you know, fine.” Sherlock tried to sound sincere as he said it, as if the lie wasn’t costing him almost everything he still had. “Same as always. Cases. Saving the world.”
Sherlock’s heart kicked up. Even though he’d been expecting it, planned for it even, the excitement that swelled up in him at the sight of the little box was sudden and exhilarating.
“He’s pulled through,” he breathed out. “He’s gonna be fine.”
He kept staring, even as the sight of them made the ache in his chest steadily more painful. It was dangerously easy to imagine, once they had turned so that John was obscuring her from view, that it could be an entirely different scene he was watching, in another life, maybe. He was already half imagining that he would see that scene when he watched the footage later – that what he was seeing with his own eyes was just a projection of his tortured heart, and that he would see the truth once he got it on video. Somehow, everything would be right then.
John’s eyes were unbearably deep, swimming with a thousand emotions. Sherlock let himself stare into them for a bit longer, knowing he could only stand so much before he’d have to tear himself away.
Sherlock blinked his eyes open, but kept his head down. Something wasn’t right.
“John,” he whispered; his voice was caught between caution and longing as he leaned into John kissing slowly up his neck – gentle, closed-mouth kisses, working his way from the dip of his collarbone up the long length toward his jaw.
“I love you so much,” John whispered harshly into his collarbone. He was so overwhelmed by it all of a sudden that he felt his eyes begin to prickle.
Mycroft had pushed his way through the crowd to stand in front of Sherlock, looking harassed.
“No,” he muttered. “You couldn’t have done.”
John trembled faintly with his own sharp intake of breath, then drew back from the tight embrace to claim Sherlock’s lips once more.
John sank into him, his other arm wrapping around Sherlock’s shoulders. Sherlock’s tongue pushed past John’s lips, which opened for him, gladly, and they explored each other, seeking each other out with soft touches and tender movements.
“Yeah. That’s what they’d think, over there.” John grip tightened on the edge of the table, and he leaned forward a bit, hoping Sherlock was understanding, finally.
He was looking up at Sherlock, his light blue eyes deep and swimming with emotion, but Sherlock finally had to tear himself away. He couldn’t do this here. Not in front of all these people.
Sherlock sighed. “Look at the sign on the door!”
Sarah leaned forward in her seat.
Sherlock nodded, leaned up to kiss his forehead too, then stood and hurried down the steps, pulling his coat on with a flourish.
Sherlock dragged their joined hands to rest against his chest, pressing John’s skin up against his pounding heart.
“Oh, excellent.”
John nodded. Sam had told him a few days ago about his plan to confess his feelings for her at the concert, when she would perform. John had been the one to encourage him along. It felt almost bizarre for something like this to be so important to John at this time in his life, but it was nice, too. It felt good to know that innocent love existed so close to him. Freeing, almost.
John said nothing, but indicated that Sherlock should open it. Sherlock stared at him for a heartbeat, two, three, before complying. He pulled open the flap and pulled out two long strips of cardstock.
Sherlock ran straight on through a sudden thick crowd, flowing out from one of the side passages. He weaved through legs, dodging suitcases, flinging himself around pillars. The guards would have to slow down to push their way through people. That was good. Sure enough, he’d just burst through the other side of the crowd when he heard them yelling at people to move out of the way, and he suddenly couldn’t stop smiling. He pushed his way through a heavy door without looking back.
A strange humourless chortle huffed out of John’s lips.
John’s eyes lit up brighter. “Thank you, sir. I
He answered, and lifted the phone to his ear. “Hey, Harry,” he said, forcing a smile into his voice. “Go on, I’m listening.”
“Nothing yet, she gets awful later.” There was a clear amused smile in John’s voice.
John took the phone from Sherlock’s outstretched hand. On the screen was a drawing of the London skyline at night, with the river in the foreground, white as snow.
“It was just –” Sherlock was still reeling, his eyes downcast, and he wheezed out a single, humourless laugh. “She seemed so keen on you.”
John came into the office late that day, coffee clenched between his chilled hands. He adjusted his grip on it, trying to warm them up, but trying to do that while also hurrying to his desk before Sarah saw him scrambling in was a hopeless endeavour, and he ended up burning one of his palms on the bottom of it as he set it down on his desk along with his coat and his bag.
here? This was
This chapter is (loosely) based on the story in the film with Colin (Kris Marshall), Tony (Abdul Salis) and the American girls. Again, with some important changes.
“Good morning, sir,” he said.
He held Sherlock’s gaze steady, even as he still felt he might burst open at any moment, and he reached up to hang onto one of Sherlock’s hands laid gently on his cheek.
You might wonder why her leg is red. Isn’t this a bare, naked leg, you might ask.
This means that Sherlock himself is expecting a relationship to be born any minute now.
So, in our painting there’s John kissing
Gee, I wonder what John should change about his life? The fact that that other John!mirror in the room (Molly) says, at that very moment,
), that was standing right between John and Sherlock, was blatant!
(x) All screencaps taken from
And that’s why John keeps throwing his toys out of his metaphorical pram.
[So, it] looks like they just combined the long-ish bamboo with the curls on top (=Sherlock) and the (bisexual) Monstera (=John) [...] in one vase, instead of putting them in separate ones.
Doesn’t sound like an epiphany that John had about his homo-romantic feelings because of Sholto. Sounds...more recent.
What if we’re supposed to read all of this on a meta-level? The painting is a self-portrait, after all.
(Read more under the cut...)
This meta was originally posted on my tumblr (sagestreet) on: 19 January 2017
But, wait for it, there is yet another interpretative level to consider. There’s one other person whose ‘Doctor Who’ journey is nearing its end, too: Steven Moffat.
when I analysed the paintings hanging on the walls of Sir Carmichaels’ manor in TAB).
(although I’m afraid I haven’t updated it in a while, so checking out my ‘
Now, I don’t want to keep you waiting any longer. What painting is it? Who painted it? And what could it mean in the context of this scene and the show as a whole?
Look at that rather prominent peach which you can see in each and every example of the Ladell paintings above:
He calls the baby ‘Watson’. Sherlock’s future is associated with the name Watson. (Because Sherlock will marry John, either literally or at least emotionally. Obviously.)
Sexuality and love are linked with fear here.
(x) All screencaps taken from
sculpture?;) I bet you could park that beauty in the middle of the Baker Street sitting room and have loud noises of squeaking bedsprings emerge from the bedroom, and people would STILL insist that Sherlock and John are just friends.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Again.
There are metaphors in ‘Sherlock’ that are expressed through a certain constancy in that their meaning remains precisely the same throughout the entire show. And then, there are
It’s the second (!) task, after all.
in TBB.)
This meta was originally posted on my tumblr (sagestreet) on: 25 March 2017
All screencaps were taken from
Note how this scene was filmed: Sherlock (divided into Sherlock, ‘John’ and ‘Mycroft’) is on the inside and the three John!mirrors are on the outside. Sherlock (inside his own mind) is looking outside at John and trying to solve this case.
John is shown holding that potential future relationship...aaaand he is literally
So, in these two scenes (the Sherlock scene with the rattle and the John scene with the flower) we find out what Sherlock and John think about their love life and future potential relationship when they’re all on their won. We get a solo take on their respective love lives by both our main protagonists.
And (I’m sure I’m telling you nothing new here) this BBC Sherlock adaptation turns up and beats the shit out of this dead body to see if it can maybe, maybe still get a reaction out of this dead body, if it can make that dead body react like a living, breathing thing.
Of course, one could simply interpret this as foreshadowing of the fact that John will father a girl in s3-4. But since I’m still not that convinced that Rosie is even real, let’s take a look at this bust from a different perspective.
So, a ‘shortsighted’ man couldn’t have metaphorically ‘killed’ Sherlock.
As you stroll through a church, how else are you supposed to recognise Saint Catherine if not by the wheel, how would you know the naked bloke in the picture is Saint Sebastian if it weren’t for the arrows piercing his body, etc.?
Because the whole story was not one between Faust and the devil, it was actually a plot between the devil and God (Mycroft). So, yes, in a sense, you can read ‘Faust’ as M-Theory. If you want.
This also concludes this meta collection on sculptures and art...for now. There are still sculptures and paintings on BBC 'Sherlock' that I have so far failed to identify, so I might add to this in the future.
That leaves us with one last question, though. Why was the ‘Three Garridebs’ scene flipped? In Doyle’s canon story 3GAR, Evans is the killer (not the victim) and Garrideb is his victim. So what are Mofftiss telling us here?
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s a very famous sculpture often referred to by art historians as the
The fact that these two sexual symbols (the dagger and the gun) are so strongly associated with death, destruction, pain, doom and gloom, is really enlightening. It means that Sherlock’s ideas about love and sexuality at this point are tied to his fears of Moriarty. If he gives in to his feelings and lets himself be with John the way he wants to, Moriarty will use this and destroy them. That’s why the dagger (that highly sexually charged symbol) is
This is made even clearer by the fact that, in the beginning of the episode, Soo-Lin is the one to discover the sculpture. She discovers it first. And to really hammer that exposed-yet-hidden-sculpture metaphor home, the sculpture itself is hidden under a white cloth here:
The whole place is littered in plates, plastic bottles and blankets. (This could also be John’s doing if he’s been there with Sherlock for a very long time, not really leaving his side all that often. Not even in order to eat or sleep.)
That seems a bit too much of a coincidence, for my tastes.
1) The bust is a bust about introspection and self-awareness just like the show is a work of art that’s all about that ancient question of ‘Who am I’ (because who we are matters!).
): the ‘dog’ that’s called ‘Whisky’).
That’s exactly what Saint Lawrence’s instrument of martyrdom (murder weapon) means too. It was meant to kill him, but it brought him salvation, joy and happiness.
It’s a painting of exotic and rather rare birds; Mycroft enjoys himself a good glass of brandy and owns fine clothes. Ergo, the man has exquisite and rather expensive, even aristocratic tastes. So this type of art is what he usually surrounds himself with. That’s it. That’s what the painting is trying to tell us. Nothing more or less.
And obviously I’m not certain about any of this at all...:)
animals, for lack of a better word. Strutting about and showing off ‘their stuff’ like that!:) There’s a reason we have the expression ‘peacocking’ in the English language.
Or maybe you think:
By the way, this is what
(Which reminds me...I have to update that master post.)
On the show, this bust is almost certainly meant to be read as a mirror for Sherlock. And not just because of the pretty curls. Remember that this bust...is not actually a bust. The original in the Capitoline Museums is an entire statue!
This would mean that the bust (a head!) appears at the beginning, right at the start of s1ep1 (on a show called ‘Sherlock’!), to foreshadow the fact that a large part of the story will play out in the main character’s head.
In the same scene, while Andy and his boss talk about Soo-Lin (and the fact that Andy is interested in her), there is a bust sitting right between them:
So, in other words: John is sitting in the office of his therapist, and visually his problem (his actual problem, not the surface-text problem, but the subtextual one) is sitting right there in the room with him: He has trouble dealing with his bisexuality.
It would make zero sense for Sherlock to refer to the ‘baby’ by Mary’s name ‘Rosamund’. Sherlock is not going to end up in a relationship with Mary, after all. Sherlock’s future has John’s name. It’s really that simple.
Project Lazarus, indeed.
What a weird...uhm... “coincidence”...*cough*...;)
Look here:
But please take a look at the placement of that ‘Apollo Belvedere’ here again. Same as with Clara: both in profile, both facing the same direction:
Last but not least, if it is, indeed, one of those training manuals issued by the War Office, then we should keep in mind that the Royal Coat of Arms features a nice little lion. And the lion theme seems important on ‘Sherlock’. John has been likened to a lion again and again (there were at the very least
Maybe this epiphany (laser surgery) isn’t about John finally putting a name to his own orientation. Maybe this is specifically about John’s feelings for Sherlock. Maybe this is about John putting a name to his feelings for Sherlock, and then...deciding to pursue his heterosexual side only!
that there’s a doll that looks like Soo-Lin in one of the glass display cases behind Sherlock, John and Andy.
After all, it was Sherlock who was obsessing over his own metaphorical ‘murder’ in TSoT. It’s Sherlock who, throughout the show, has had difficulty understanding this type of thing (love) and has been growing more and more as a character when it comes to feelings and emotions.
In other words, we were definitely MEANT to see this picture!
and was painted by
’s picture above belongs to a series of paintings, one of which is its pendant
). The statue, by the way, is a sculpture of the Muse of Dancing, which pretty much confirms the theory that it was put there to represent Sherlock, the man who loves ‘dancing’.
) that I read all dogs on the show as a metaphor for homosexuality).
But unconscious!Sherlock (his ‘Shadow’, ie, Eurus) told him that it doesn’t work like that.
Okay, dear reader, if you’ve made it this far, reading my ramblings about exotic fowl, I’m eternally grateful to you. You’re a hero. (Or maybe your dirty mind is just as much in the gutter as mine, seeing as you’ve just basically read one giant vulgarity about male genitalia posing as a serious post about oil paintings.)
You ‘fix’ your metaphorical eyesight, and your first reaction is to panic and choose heterosexuality. Because, hey, if you have two options, why burden yourself with the more difficult one, yeah? (Except that, obviously, people can’t make rational choices like that about who they love, as John’s example proves. That’s not how love works.)
It’s a painting depicting the Israelites after the Crossing of the Red Sea:
I.e., Sherlock understood that this was a serious relationship for John, not just some fling with another girlfriend whom Sherlock could easily drive away within a few days. Mary was there to stay. The wedding was the beginning of her (shitty) journey with John, and the discovery of her pregnancy by Sherlock is a hint that this was the moment Sherlock really, truly registered somebody was taking away his John from him.
If you take a close look at this painting, you will realise that in the lower part there’s a type of horizontal double line:
Both this meta and the added comment below were originally posted on my tumblr (sagestreet) on: 9 October 2017
That love John felt left a trace on John’s body. (You could even argue that since the ‘sun’ only touched John’s face and hands, this could technically be evidence of John trying to not let that love touch him all over. John didn’t allow that love, that ended with John being wounded in the shoulder (=heart), to touch his entire body (=the affair with James ended without ever turning into something that swallowed John up entirely).)
Keep in mind that ‘flats’ and ‘houses’ are often used as a metaphor for a person’s emotional self, for their emotional state of mind, their heart, basically.
So, what does Sherlock tell us at the end of his deduction about Howard Garrideb?
...Well, it’s at least one possible interpretation.
Now, let’s take a look at the details we are told about John’s heterosexual side.
And if you read Mycroft as a metaphor for Sherlock’s brain here, it gets even better.
Now why would John be reading a medical training manual for army surgeons? After all, he’s a trained doctor. He doesn’t need to read such books anymore...
So, why is her leg red, then?
Are you with me so far?
Well, the Half-Faced Man isn’t the only one who’s positioned right in front of the ‘Apollo Belvedere’:
And the three Garridebs outside the window (all three of them John!mirrors) correspond precisely to Sherlock’s aspects inside the room. They, too, are divided into John’s emotional side (Howard) on the left, John’s very essence in the middle (Alex), and John’s brain/intellectual capabilities (Nathan) on the right hand side.
What do I mean by that?
2) Who was Mark Antony? A soldier!
Was it Howard?
’ tag.
All screencaps were taken from:
There’s a woman who is basically an unattainable Goddess, insanely sexy, skimpily dressed (at best), who swoops in and sweeps Mark Antony off his feet. A woman who must have appeared to be incredibly exotic and foreign to Mark Antony, not what one would have considered a beauty in the classic sense of the word, yet so strikingly sexy that Mark Antony couldn’t help himself and fell madly in love with her.
The added comment was posted on: 24 April 2017
Both Mark Antony and Cleopatra committed suicide. (And both John and Sherlock are shown as being on the brink of suicide throughout the show.)
I mean, how the hell could we not see that??? Look:
If you look carefully, you will find lots of little homoerotic details in the ACD!canon. Because of the sensibilities of the prudish Victorian era, these had to be hidden in the subtext, though. It’s only with time (over the decades) that they started to reappear.
They cut the head off of a beautiful Canova statue and turned it into a bust, which they put in Magnussen’s ‘Mind Palace’ in s3 (as I pointed out
Faust is M-Theory.
Remember that I read Eurus as an inner aspect of Sherlock himself: She is probably something like Sherlock’s Jungian ‘Shadow’ (
Note that the little Cupid in the tapestry is aiming right at Mark Antony.
And yet what we see in this scene is that, despite all of these valiant and desperate efforts, Mycroft (=the brain) actually wants to eat a banana (of all things!) and this ‘want’, for lack of a better word, is affecting the brain right in front of the painting of a giant, and I mean GIANT, peaCOCK:
Am I saying it’s one of those two paintings?
on Mycroft’s conversation with Sherlock about emotions by
of an entire sculptural ensemble: a war memorial – the so-called ‘
Yeah, John, have another go (at this relationship thing)!
When John is in therapy in ASIP, he is framed with two different houseplants in the shot:
The busts we have seen so far are:
Hey, peacocks are prideful, haughty, well, erm, peacockish
Yeah, did you think it was a coincidence that Sherlock had John’s phone (instead of his own) in that scene? Nu-uh.
John smiled softly, feeling his mind slow to a blissful crawl and fade into the warmth of Sherlock’s body, beside him, all around him, keeping him safe. Just as he was dozing off, Sherlock pressed a firm kiss to the crown of John’s head, and didn’t move away.
Sherlock led him inside, through the grand halls and sitting rooms to shake hands with everyone, then finally they set off side by side in the direction of the boardroom.
But Sherlock barely heard him. He stared down at the CD set in his hands, everything else blurring around the edges.
“I love you,” John breathed, barely a sound; a sharp, tight feeling around his heart had stolen his voice away, but the whisper echoed through both of their skins, louder than anything.
His body ached with exhaustion, but he couldn’t close his eyes. He couldn’t just turn his back on this right now, this moment that might end up mattering someday, that might be one of the few he could cling onto when there were no more left. Because Sherlock was breathing easy beside him, his thin outline rising and falling with each shallow inhale, and John could feel him and watch him and reach out for him, and in however many months or years John knew he would gladly give everything he had for that meager privilege. For this, right now, this tiny nothing that by all accounts he should be sleeping through.
John laughed harder, the sound ringing out clearly and beautifully in the small space. “And you’re handsome, too,” he agreed, nodding.
.” Sherlock shaking his head, slowly. “You’re really going to go all the way to
“Delicious delicacy?” John asked.
Wetness prickled behind John’s eyes, and he didn’t make any effort to hold it back.
, and I’m not going anywhere, do you understand?”
The only images left to flicker behind his eyelids were of John’s face – close-ups of those smiling pools of blue. The strands of golden hair wisping over his forehead. The laugh lines framing his mouth. Bright. Happy. In love.
And suddenly Sherlock’s heart was beating at the right tempo again.
“And what would be the point of that?
“No, no, John, no no no
This chapter is based on the plotline in the film featuring Karen (Emma Thompson) and Harry (Alan Rickman).
Sherlock slicked his hands with more oil, and smoothed up John’s back. He made slow passes, up and down –
And suddenly the full force of what he was doing, what it all meant, slammed into him like a speeding car.
come back here.” The doctor caught him again by the shoulder and moved in front of him, blocking his path through the doors. “This area is for surgical personnel only.”
Sherlock let out a shaky exhale, swallowing again and dropping his head; his spine was already stiffening, preparing to move away.
Sherlock’s heart gave a little flutter.
“You’ll tell me if anything starts to hurt?” Sherlock murmured; John could feel every word as his breath whispered across his skin. “Or if you need to stop?”
He rang, and at least a full minute passed before someone opened the door; an elderly, angry-looking woman, whose scowl faded as she looked up at him.
looking annoyed. She got to her feet stared at him evenly, eye to eye. “And I think Sherlock does, too.”
“Alright,” Sherlock murmured against his lips, then kissed him. It was tender and soft, and John sank into him. He tasted sweet, with a hint of tea and sugar in his breath.
“It’s over now, John. We’re safe.” Sherlock slid his hand up to stroke through John’s hair, and John leaned back into the touch, his eyes closed as if savouring it. “We’re here, we’re alone.” Sherlock quirked his mouth up in a shy smile. “Show me now.”
“So,” John said, hesitating slightly. “What was this epiphany?”
Something like a sob was pulled out of the back of Sherlock’s throat, and he pulled John close, kissing him hard and desperate, needing him so badly it was almost painful, needing every inch of John, needing every beat of his pounding heart.
When they were finally satisfied, Sherlock turned away as quickly as he could manage, and knocked his way through several other families. Some were pleased to see him, others less so, but each had the same answer for him:
And suddenly, Sherlock felt all his anger drain out of him. It was as if someone had wiped the fog away from the glass, and he realized he’d only been seeing a shadow. Stupid, really, all of this. He was being an idiot for thinking about it at all.
you can inhabit with me in England –”
“Thank you.” Sherlock took the coffee from John, deliberately not touching his fingers as he did so.
news, right? But he couldn’t be, surely, because that didn’t make sense…
“Easy question.”
Somewhere far away he thought he heard a voice – it may have been a woman’s and it may have been speaking to him, but Sherlock’s ears felt as though they had been stuffed with cotton, and he couldn’t discern anything other than a mumble. Still, it made him recoil; his eyes opened sluggishly and he turned to make his way slowly back down the hallway, not even feeling his own footfalls against the echoing tile.
, beamed back.
“You go first.” John craned his neck to check out the inside of the bathroom. “I don’t think we’re both going to fit in there.”
Sherlock felt it, and pulled his fingers out. John almost sobbed at the sudden feeling of emptiness, but Sherlock was back in a second with three fingers, teasing his hole for a moment before working their way in. John felt his fists clenching above his head, every muscle in his body seemingly thrown into overdrive. He cried out again when the three fingers brushed that spot inside him again – oh, he could just
He budged up a bit on the cushion to let John sit close. John sank down beside him with a phenomenal lack of grace, but he didn’t care much. He was tired, and Sherlock was warm.
“I’d better go,” Sherlock went on, lowly.
John chuckled again, and it stirred something dark in Sherlock’s chest that made him duck his head down to his phone again, but still keep them both in the corner of his vision.
John in a pool of red with shadows playing over his pale skin. John on an operating table. John underneath a white sheet.
“How long has it been since he went in?” Molly asked. Each of her hands was clenched nervously around the opposite arm.
Sherlock closed his eyes against John’s middle. “I wish I could protect you.”
“Alright, smartarse.” John said. He forced himself not to laugh, despite himself. “Keep talking and I’ll tell Harry to stop bringing those.”
“Cute name,” said Jeannie, her pink lips twitching.
“Promise me.”
The sensation sent a bolt of feeling right to Sherlock’s cock, and he groaned loudly into John’s mouth. John’s smile widened, and he dove in again, pushing his tongue back between Sherlock’s lips, alternating between deep, warm kisses and light playful nips. Sherlock fell back against the mattress, his arms pulling John down with him, and shuffled himself up to the head of the bed, letting John’s lips chase his as he went.
But Sherlock barely heard him, because every neuron in his brain was reserved for the feeling of John’s palm against his, his strong fingers clasping Sherlock’s.
“Better?” he asked.
hard to stop the hitch in his voice when the air finally returned to his lungs.
John’s hand clenched in his lap; he held himself in Sherlock’s gaze, still fighting to keep still, and felt that breathless anticipation trickle away, leaving cold defeat in its wake. He saw that hunger in Sherlock’s eyes cloud over with a similar resignation, and he knew that it was hopeless. John tore his eyes away, dropping his head and sighing.
The audience cheered on. No one seemed to care that he was singing the wrong words. Not even John.
He clenched his fists behind the cover of the lectern.
“How will you be celebrating?” asked the voice in his ear.
It was a nice day. The sky was cloudless, the sun shining on the water. A few boats were floating lazily by, propelled by the crisp November breeze.
“More, love,” John rasped out.
, John, and we’re
But after a few long, flustered seconds, Sherlock said, in a soft voice, “That would be great.”
“John,” Sherlock croaked.
“Well, of course,” he said after a moment, grinning again. “Send an embarrassingly large car, and I’ll be there. See you.”
picked up a thing or two over the years.”
He was looking rather bored, leaning against the pillar. John understood – he supposed this was going to be rather a long shot. His eyes glanced around the set, taking in all the cameras and people, as the man in front of him checked his watch.
“Não!” Sherlock yelped.
“– and I’m
Sherlock watched him, as he ran toward the school doors and disappeared through the crowd, watched the black coat and blond head until he couldn’t see him anymore. He took a deep breath, his mind reeling for what he could possibly have in mind, but if it meant the smallest chance that he wouldn’t have to leave him, well. Sherlock would never have been able to pass that up.
