Some butterflies that had been lying dormant in John’s stomach since that morning suddenly flurried back to life, fluttering around with verve. But it took more than mere butterflies to overcome John Watson, and it was in the face of danger, or of uncertainty, that he was at his calmest. At his deadliest. At his best. Steely determination forced the butterflies back into submission.
All of a sudden, John was giggling, and, upon hearing this, Sherlock started laughing too – low, genuine, and in harmony with John. And God, all John wanted to do at that moment, all his heart desired, was to reach out and kiss him, kiss him till he couldn’t breathe, and then kiss him some more. The only thing that stopped him was that he’d probably break a leg trying.
Greg frowned, nodded. He did indeed remember.  Sherlock had interrupted John and Sarah’s date and she’d barely spoken to him since. "Alright, then… Sally Donovan?"
"The mortuary," replied the detective, flatly. "Love is a chemical defect found only in the losing side."
"If it's canals you're looking for, we could've just gone two hours down to Birmingham, where, incidentally, there are more miles of canal than there are here," he retorted.
It had been inevitable, really. It was, it always had been, and it always would be Sherlock Holmes and John Watson. Inseparable. Inevitable. In love.
This grief was quickly followed by a great flood of fondness for the detective. I had to try to ignore the urge to touch his ivory skin, as I'd secretly wanted to do so often since Then... if only for some sort of physical proof that this was all real, that he was really back, that it wasn't just some fantastical mirage all in my head.
With a soft gasp, Sherlock stilled. For a half-second John panicked but then he felt Sherlock’s hands on his back and he relaxed into it.
He didn't let go of my hand even once we had tightrope-walked down the narrow pier and were back onto the paved streets once again. His fingers were long and thin, delicate but strong, and I laced my own between his. It may be an overly romantic cliché but it was true -- our hands fit together like jigsaw pieces, or maybe the domes of a clam shell if I was to be a little more poetic. Don't blame me -- poeticism was hardly at the forefront of my mind at that moment; in fact, both my head and my heart were focused only on Sherlock.
It was hopeless, and heart-breaking, and there was absolutely nothing John could do about it. He had resigned himself, now, to staying as nothing more than best friends, because he did not, could not, dare to risk that friendship. Melodramatic though it sounded, he wasn't sure if he could cope without Sherlock by his side, even if he would never know the way John truly felt about him.
John looked up in surprise. Sherlock Holmes did not repeat things. Was he really considering it? “Yeah,” he nodded. “I mean, we’re here at the seaside, it’s a lovely day, and you are supposed to be relaxing…”
Once we had fallen silent again, we were left quietly facing each other. It was a moment before I spoke up.
Cold hands. No gloves. So? Hands in pockets. And then: paper. Not a receipt; not glossy paper. Soft paper. Not paper – serviette! Serviette? It’s not like John to keep rubbish in his pockets. Military organisation; doesn’t hang onto things unless he needs to. Or wants to. Curious.
I love you. I fell in love with you as soon as I met you. Ah-ah--! let me finish!" I quickly raised my hand to stop him from interrupting. I
"I would be bloody surprised, you're right," he replied, no longer bothering to keep the disappointment from his voice. "It's not worth it, Greg. If I said anything and he didn't…" he trailed off.
We reached a small bridge, thronged by gondolas. Dark, sleek, ornately decorated, they bobbed around quietly.
"John... I didn't think you'd ever think of me in this way. I know I was being selfish, but every time you brought home some girl it was a knife to my heart. With every new girl I thought maybe this is the one, the one who'll take my John away from me..."
"Are you sure, John? Don't you... I mean, it doesn't quite seem fair-" Sherlock protested, but I interrupted him.
Why does Mycroft have to say these things? Stupid Mycroft. I didn’t love her, John. I never loved her. She was clever, yes, but I didn’t love her. I’ve only ever loved one person like that, John. I love… I love…
"Honestly, Sherlock, it's unusually kind of you but I'm quite happy to foot the bill. I just wanted you... erm... just try and enjoy yourself a bit, okay?"
"Look, er... Sherlock..." gently, I placed my hands on his and he stilled again at my touch. "There's something I've... erm... there's something I've wanted to say to you for a long time now and I thought maybe you might've deduced it or something so I'm sorry if I'm stating the obvious here but Sherlock..."
“When I was younger,” John began, after a while, “we used to play this game, on our bikes, Harry and I…” His countenance became a little wistful. Sherlock said nothing, allowing him time to continue. “We’d ride next to each other, like we are, and hold hands and see how far we could manage before one of us almost fell off.”
"I'm exactly ninety-seven -point three percent certain that Mycroft set this up, yes. Make that ninety-eight. No, ninety-nine-point-six." Then, as if on cue, I heard his phone ping. "One hundred percent," he growled. "The meddling bastard. How bloody typical of him."
Perhaps – Sherlock conceded on reflection that evening, whilst wrapped up in John’s tender embrace on the sofa – cycling
I should never have read this. Wrong. Immoral. Breach of trust. I began to fold it up and then –Then I noticed it. How did I miss it before?
It was summer. John bought us ice creams, even though they’re for children, but John smiled and he wanted me to have one and how could I refuse then?
"Look, d'you mind?" I snapped. "Can't we just have this as our weekend off and try to enjoy ourselves for once?"
Eventually they parted again, and this time John made a commendable effort to restrain himself from diving in for a third time.
Although, I can't say that it wasn't refreshing (and highly unexpected) to see this sort of thoughtfulness from him.
It was as if the air had been kicked out of Sherlock's lungs. His face seemed confused as to whether it ought to pale yet further or blush like a tomato. I wrapped him up in my arms, which he sank into obligingly. He gripped me tightly, as if afraid of losing me.
"So, er... now I'm finally here, I'm going to go on one. Are you coming with me, or are you just gonna stand on the side there like a melon?"
Sherlock looked at him with a tenderness reserved for John Watson and John Watson alone. All his usual guards were down, replaced with raw fondness and adoration for the man beside him.
Without even a moment’s hesitation, Sherlock took the helmet, and, adjusting his curls appropriately, fixed it on his head.
"I didn't say that." John rolled his eyes, but he couldn't stop the blush that spread across his features and threatened to burn the tips of his ears.
A knowing smile played across Greg's face. "There’s no use trying to hide it. You've been head-over-heels for him since the day you met him! In fact,” he lowered his voice, “I think the only one who's oblivious to it is him."
I mean, really. Of course I was going to wear his jacket if my Belstaff was out of business; covered in chemicals. Hydrochloric acid – diluted, obviously. Sulphur, too. Molly ought to start watching where she’s going rather than staring at me all the time. Why does she do that? She does it even more if I wear that one shirt. The purple one. I wonder if
Exasperated, I crossed the small room and stood opposite Sherlock. He may be a good foot taller, but I tried my best to look as intimidating as I could.
"Well, you would, wouldn't you. I don't know why I even bothered asking. The point is, most people would say either Paris or Venice."
Sherlock cleared his throat. He took a deep breath. “Erm. After you,” he said, and one would almost go as far as to describe it as meekly, except this was Sherlock Holmes, and he didn’t do meek. Or perhaps he did. But only where a certain army doctor was concerned.
John felt a pang of sadness at this. He and Harry’s relationship had mostly been anything but ideal, but there had been times when they’d got along; had fun together. He doubted that the Holmes brothers could say even that.
Like this, we milled aimlessly around the rabbit warren of roads, squares and canals, and eventually came across a quaint little restaurant where I suggested we stop for a while.
Sherlock looked down at his feet for a moment, seeming to steel himself before looking up again and catching both of John's hands in his own. "John… will you do me the honour of accompanying me to prom?"
Sherlock’s brow furrowed. “No,” he said, a look on his face which could almost be called quizzical if not for the concern he also showed.
Breathing heavily, they parted, remaining close enough that John could see all the flecks of colour in those stunning eyes of the one who had dominated his thoughts, and his desires, for years.
Suddenly, he took me by surprise by leaning over the table and kissing me. "I've wanted to do that for so long, you wouldn't believe."
Quickly, I pulled back. My heart raced; I couldn't believe what a rash, impulsive thing I had just done.
They then slipped back into comfortable silence, meandering over the moors, skirting round the curves of the headland, inhaling the bracing, salty sea air which rushed in their ears. Below, waves the colour of slate glittered and lapped at the shingle beach. Above, seagulls curved, soared, swooped, squawking noisily. Crickets hummed in the heather.
Never one to refuse a compliment even in the obscurest of circumstances, Sherlock cracked a half-smile and passed the tray back.
In an unusual turn of events, Mycroft had sent us on a case, insisting that the perpetrator was on this cruise liner and that we should really board the vessel themselves in order to prove her guilt. To both my admiration and annoyance, however, barely twenty minutes after the ship's departure, Sherlock concluded that the culprit was not, in fact, on board, and that the supposed murder was, in fact, an elaborate suicide.
Sherlock, slowly, almost cautiously, extended his hand towards John, whose heart leapt into his throat as he realised what was happening. Taking a deep breath, John reached out and took Sherlock’s hand in his, threading their fingers together. They looked at each other and blushed.
Sherlock visibly paled (I didn't think it possible to be much paler, but he did), his eyes widening and mouth opening a little. I was worried he might faint. He shook his head vigorously, incredulous, seemingly unwilling to accept what he had just heard.
," said Sherlock, in what sounded, at least to my untrained ears, like a perfect Italian accent. That's one of the most enthralling things about Sherlock: he never fails to surprise me with the vast expanse of little oddities he just so happens to know.
"And in any case, you do know that this place can become rather pungent at this time of year, don't you?" Sherlock continued.
The truth was, John would like nothing more in the world than for Sherlock to be interested in him. He had been in love with his best friend for years now. His various girlfriends during that time had been either outlets for his romantic frustration, attempts at getting over him, or both, but none had been even remotely successful. How was he supposed to get over Sherlock Holmes? He was ethereally beautiful, devastatingly intelligent, and charmingly unique. No one else was a patch on him.  But he was utterly unreachable in every respect. He was totally detached from romantic feelings, and even if he wasn't, how was John to know if he was even…
John shook his head. "We've… not been on great terms since the circus, if you remember, and I’m sure you do."
But Sherlock Holmes had never shown any interest of that sort in another person. He was "married to his work", and what could I do but try to continue on, the way I always had, lest he deduce how hopelessly in love with him I was.
Sherlock blinked, nodded. Sat himself down opposite me. We stared at one another for a moment as if trying to work out each other's thoughts, until the gondola started to rock into motion.
The rest of the day dragged by for John, who spent it in a glum, reticent state, unable to shake the matter from his mind. The end-of-school bell had rung and he was climbing the staircase to the lockers, PE kit in hand, minding his own business, when he saw it:
"But why kill him in this manner? What message are they trying to send? I already know they are willing to murder.”
Watson didn’t quite know what to feel, though there was certainly something filling his chest like air, making it both tight and light at the same time. A feeling that perhaps this cursed life wasn’t so cursed after all, that perhaps he should be doing something more with it, more than trying to hide himself away and pantomiming a mortal life, because he did not know how to be a vampire.
Watson glanced at him over Mycroft’s shoulder, and the hard line of his body softened. He eased back into the chair, composing himself.
There's no journal entry to this chapter because it's a very long story and making separate entries for each chapter would get tedious very quickly. We'll add them whenever we feel Watson has something relevant to say that can't be found in the chapter itself.
"You know where he is," Holmes said softly, assuming Watson's sight and hearing were more than adequate to the task of finding the man in the dark. "He was on the verge of fleeing so I incapacitated him. Bring him out back and fugue his memory of the last few hours as much as possible. Then let him go; he'll wander home soon enough."
Holmes sighed, body relaxing into Watson's grip as he gave himself over, feelings of contentment, want and desire pouring off him like heat. "Please-" he begged, and Watson nearly choked on his own words, unspoken assurances that yes, of course, anything Holmes wanted. He sank his teeth into Holmes’ neck and the sweet ambrosia of the detective’s blood flooded his mouth. He could taste their blood mixed together, and it was perfect. His eyes rolled upward and he flushed with pleasure for the second time that night.
But fascinating as it all might be, this secret knowledge of the inner workings of Holmes' mind did not help Watson understand the importance of a parrot.
As they were seated together this was not difficult, a simple matter of reaching out and taking the doctor’s hand.
“Well my work just isn't as attractive as you are now is it?” Sherlock paused and went red again. Well that sounded weird, oh well.
Castiel, Dean and Sam were all in the library when Meg entered the room “We have a HUGE problem, hell I don’t even understand how it’s possible!” Castiel stood up “Calm down Meg, what’s wrong?” Meg held up a small stick “I’m pregnant!”
You stepped outside, you could feel the goosebumps appear as the cold air danced around your skin. Looking up at the moon you gave a heavy sigh; the night had started so wonderful and now here you were, out in the cold, and away from the drama that was going on inside.
They talked through the night enjoying the dishes that Ruby brought out for them, learning new things about each other and about Grace and Henry. It was great to know that there was someone else, someone available that understood how much they’re kids meant to them.
Dean spit out the drink of beer he had just taken “Seriously?” Sam sighed “I’m sure we could raise it to be good.” Meg rolled her eyes “Sure, if I keep it.” Castiel stood back up “You’re not keeping it?”
Meg scoffed “Yeah sure, a demon in love with an angel. No. I just think we deserve to be left out of your business, separately of course. And the whole mine thing I just need protection you know that.” Meg sighed “Okay fine yes I love him.”
You watched as he got on the roof of the next building over, you gave him a look before shifting, You knew where he was taking her, and the fastest way for you was running. So you ran, ran all the way to Bruce’s home.
“You didn’t have to bring me that.” Jefferson smiled “but I wanted to, also I drugged it so that I can drag you out of here.” Emma chuckled “sure you did, you are too kind.” Jefferson smiled “seriously though I need you to come with me.”
Snow sighed “Emma, I’m your mother and as your mother I forbid you to date a guy that kidnapped us!”
Emma arrived at Granny’s at 6:59, she took a deep breath then opened the door to find the place completely empty except for Jefferson, Ruby and Granny.
Looking back at the hotel, Bruce shrugged his shoulders before scrunching his forehead as he looked up at the sky with you “As good as can be expected considering all the shit she let him put her through.” He let out a frustrated sigh and you turned around in his arms, hugging him close to you, knowing how upset the relationship your sister had with The Joker made him.
Emma put the final touches and then opened the door to see both Snow and David standing outside the door “Well I guess it’s a good thing that i’m done then isn’t it” Emma walked into the living room searching for her shoes “Hey, have you seen my red-” Emma cut herself off when she turned and saw David standing there holding her favorite red heels in his hands. “Thanks”
She finally had enough of hiding her feelings, she was going to tell him; she was going to grab him and kiss him. That was until she walked into Castiel’s room to see Dean and Sam Winchester.
Being pregnant sucked. She was a 500 year old demon and she couldn’t even get up off of the couch without help from one of the boys or Cas.
Meg sighed “I don’t know, can we really do it?” Castiel kissed her. He would of continued kissing her if Dean hadn’t cleared his throat. “Cas, she asked you something.” Castiel nodded “I know, and yes I really think we can.” Meg hugged him “Alright.”
He nodded then headed out of the hotel, Once he was gone you headed back to the ballroom, everyone seemed to be in a good mood, seeing as a man just died, everyone except her and his men.
Sam sat up “Of course, the bunker! The angels can’t find it, hell neither can the demons.” grins broke out on everyone’s faces, they would make it, if only a little longer.
Jefferson gave Emma a soft smile “Thank you for coming here tonight.” Emma smiled back “Thank you for inviting me to come tonight.”
Jefferson grabbed Emma’s hand and kissed the back of it before leading her to a table, he then pulled a chair out for her and pushed her up once she sat down. “I asked a favor from Granny, we have this place to ourselves for the date.”
Honestly, you wished it had been you to kill him, it was wrong to think that but it was true. It wasn’t for your sake that you wanted him dead, no it was for her. He was a monster, and she had chosen to ignore that fact, but you, you hadn’t. No, every time you closed your eyes you saw his face, there was no escape, not even if he was dead, you would still see him once your eyes closed. But she had loved him, so for her you put up with it, but now that he is dead she knows the truth.
“Alright I forgive you.” Emma smiled; Jefferson smiled back “Let me take you to dinner to make up for it?”
“WHAT THE HELL IS THE MATTER WITH EVERYONE!” Dean yelled out, startling everyone in the room. They turned to him, the moment ruined to find him sitting on the only chair in the room, his face in his hands.
Cas had awoken when Meg had yelled; he finally stood up and grabbed Meg. “I love you too.” Before she could respond Castiel’s lips were on hers; his hands were around her waist, pressing her body against his. Her arms moved to around his neck; her body relaxing under his touch.
Dean turned to face Meg, Castiel was asleep. “How is he?” Meg sighed, she knew they cared about him but dammit she cared about him more “Not to good, those visions are really taking a toll on him.” Dean sighed “sorry we didn’t come back sooner.” Meg’s fist clenched even more “Dammit Dean, why’d you come here? You’re ruining my plans! Why can’t you just leave me and Cas alone? Why can’t he just be mine!”
Jefferson sighed against her mouth enjoying having someone so close again “Definitely, but first how about you let me make you breakfast and take you into work, because if we don’t leave soon you’ll be late” Emma groaned as she moved to get out of bed “I didn’t bring anything to change into with me and we drove here in your car” Jefferson looked a bit sheepish “I called Snow and asked her to bring over some clothes for you, Charming showed up with them, oh about 15 minutes ago.”
Emma was fixing her hair in the mirror when there was a knock on the bathroom door “Emma, it’s 6:45!” Snow yelled from the other side.
Snow smiled, it made her happy to hear Emma call her mom “Alright, if anything happens let me or your father know.”
Dean sighed “Fine we'll help. The two of you will come to the bunker and as long as you don't leave you should be fine.”
Castiel sighed “I know this may be hard for you to understand Dean, but Meg has been here for me taking care of me. She never had to but she chose to.” Sam smiled “I think it’s romantic.” Dean looked up at Sam “IT IS NOT ROMANTIC! It’s an angel loving a demon! If we let this continue we will all be screwed!”
Most of the time it took her hours of rubbing her belly and saying it was okay before they could help her; the baby had powers and was already using them through her.
“Damn it, Cas, you know that shit messes with me” Dean sighed leaning back in his seat “but thanks for the save.”
They all flinched as the lights above them burst and a screeching noise filled the room for a few seconds before a bright light overcame the hospital.
Dean hesitated before hugging her back “I’d do anything for family, learn it, but don’t abuse it, cause honey you only get one chance.”
You looked over at each other the tension building until you bust out laughing holding on to each other so you don’t fall over when a second explosion throws you to the ground just as a man with a cape grabbed the two of you from behind making you land on him.
Jefferson grabbed her hand and pulled her up against him, his lips clashed into hers. Emma chuckled “is that what you called me out for?” Jefferson rolled his eyes and drug her out into the woods, getting to a clearing Emma saw Grace and Henry playing; a blanket on the ground with a picnic basket and tea set on it.
Sam couldn’t help but chuckle “you two are so cute” he continued to chuckle as he sat down on Castiel’s bed.
Castiel slammed back down into his chair his heart hammering in his ears, a grin forming on his face despite how pale he’d gone, “I’m going to be a father?”
Emma scoffed “Forbid me, forbid me?!” Emma stood up from her seat and grabbed her coffee “Mother or not Mary, I’m 28 not 16.” She walked over to the counter and gave a tense smile when Ruby walked up “Can I get this in a to-go cup please?”
“Ah yes, but I meant here. This place doesn’t seem like the place you would eat at.” John set his menu down.
Castiel sat on the couch; his hand resting on Meg’s stomach. “I can’t wait till the baby gets here.” Meg scoffed “I can.”
It was Meg’s turn turn to speak “That is our problem! Not yours, just let us deal with it. Please please don’t take my angel.” Cas wrapped his arms around her waist from behind, his head laid on her shoulder “Don’t worry, I won’t leave you.”
“I just wanted to come by and say morning, and apologize for how we uh met.” Jefferson rubbed the back of his neck.
Emma grinned and kissed Jefferson hugging him tight against her “How on earth did you get Regina to let Henry come on a picnic with us?” Jefferson pulled away from her and pointed over his shoulder at the kids who had noticed their arrival and were making their way over “She apparently hasn’t learned how to resist Grace’s puppy eyes, but then again” he stated with his arm around her waist as they turned towards the two 10 year olds “She’s never had to deal with the combined weight of both Grace and Henry begging for the same thing.”
Emma gave a soft smile “Jefferson, I would love to move in with you.But are you sure we’re ready for that next step?” Jefferson clashed his lips into hers “I love you Emma Swan, we’ve been dating for five months now. I think we’re ready.” Emma smiled, it was the first time he had said he loved her “I love you too.”
The picnic went great, greater than great actually, Henry and Grace demanded that weekly picnics were a must. They were, surprisingly, a big hit with Regina, who had been trying to find ways to connect with Henry and Emma, when she’d been invited to one a few picnics in. David and Snow loved the idea and were quick to join when they heard Regina was going, if only to keep an eye on the ‘Evil Queen’, but soon found themselves drawn into the weekly fiasco by the great atmosphere the kids and surprisingly Jefferson brought to the picnics.
It wasn’t your fault that you couldn’t feel emotions the way other people did, it wasn’t your fault that you hadn’t cried when you heard that he was dead.He’d never cared enough to even acknowledge her existence so why should you cry now that he was gone.
His eyes met yours, “Right now, we need to be here for her. She’s in there drinking, and whispering to Selina.”
Dean piped up from his seat “and how to control its powers and protect itself and-” dean cut himself off “well you get my point.”
Emma looked around confused and a little excited “Where’s everyone?” she walked closer to the three of them a smile growing on her face when she saw the excited looks on Granny and Ruby’s faces.
“We have to go!” Castiel grabbed everyone, next thing they knew they were all in the middle of a field inside baby.
Snow sighed “I understand, but he could've just asked. I get the whole giving second chances but maybe you should make sure he’s a good guy before dating him.”
Sam turned to Dean ready to argue in favor of Cas and Meg when Dean continued his tirade.”Do you have any idea what the Angels will do to the both of them if they find out?! They’ll be killed, eviscerated, smited, smote however the hell you say that.”
Emma groaned as she woke up stretching; she turned onto her side sighing as she felt a hand rubbing up and down her side and a strong muscular chest pressing up against her back. “Good  morning, Emma” Jefferson murmured against her shoulder before placing a kiss there.
Emma rolled over to face him, her bare chest now touching his “I usually never move this fast.” Jefferson smiled “I believe you, but last night was amazing.” Emma smiled back and kissed him “I agree, we should do it again sometime.”
Everyone that had been laughing and dancing moments ago now rushed towards the exit, pieces of the ceiling was falling, your sister’s guards failing to get her out of the building. Growling you stood up, shifting into a 5’ wolf, you rushed towards her. The moment she seen you, she climbed on your back, once she was on you rushed towards the exit, barely making it as a big chunk of ceiling landed in front of the door.
“Perhaps you could try blocking me with superfluous information?” he suggested. “The first night we met I had a hard time gleaning anything from your mind, it was so noisy. Rather than suppress such a natural inclination, perhaps we could put it to use.”
“For the banishment of evil, and protection from harm. I believe he was attempting a protective ritual, before he was attacked.”
"It certainly makes your situation more compelling," Holmes replied. But there were many scientifically acceptable reasons for cold hands. Poor circulation, nerves, consumption...
Newman shouted and crumpled, dropping the cudgel as his hands sought to protect himself. Holmes reached through the door and hauled him out by the scruff of his neck, tossing him up against the stone wall of cellar and clocking him soundly in the face. His knees buckled and Holmes left him in a graceless slide to the floor. He stepped into the small room, the air already heavy with the smell of blood.
Newman turned to Holmes with a watery gaze. "The father tells me you can care for animals," he said.
. Your sire is unknown; you have no children, no thralls. You live as a mortal and do not kill when you feed. You are invisible to them, Watson; a ghost, a fantasmic rumor.  You surface only to kill them, then disappear into the city once more. And if you have killed every vampire who discovered you, how could your identity be uncovered?”
That morning he visited the haberdasher's shop in Mayfair. He needed the identity of the second man.
"So?" he asked impatiently, peeling the shirt from Watson's shoulders and letting it fall to the floor. "I am telling you, there is nothing to be
"Here are your quarters,” he said. “There is a loo and bathing room between your suite and the one adjacent, but as you are the only guest, it is yours alone. There is no maid. The kitchen is two floors down; you are free to feed yourself whenever you wish, as there is also no cook. There are no less than six men in the Diogenes at all hours; we do not leave the building empty. If you require anything, the bell pull will summon one of them.” He paused, “I have told them to approach you armed, and in pairs.”
"Thank you so much Mr. Holmes," Lucy said, leaning on her husband. They turned and headed up the stairs to their flat.
"Do you recognize it?" he asked, and Watson shook his head. Words then began to appear, and Holmes leaned it to read them.
next move is to stay here where it is safe. Vampires are the purview of the Diogenes. I shall deal with this.”
“What we doin' then, sah?” one of the older boys asked, a stout young lad by the name of Cartwright.
"Not by a causal glance. Human blood masks the scent of vampiric blood; I could taste a thrall but not smell them. Passing one on the street, I would have to make mental contact in order to know what they were." Had he ever fed from Newman or tried to read his mind, he would have known instantly what the man was. He regretted not doing so before; it might have saved them all a good deal of trouble.
Casual inquiry of the local shop owners brought him to Kramer’s landlady, a somewhat dour looking woman with wiry grey hair piled high on her head, fastened with an array of butterfly shaped pins that would have made her look ridiculous if not for the severe expression on her face.
. He knew what his dreams meant and he followed me anyway, even to his own death. He followed me and said nothing of his fear."
Holmes barked out a laugh. "If it is comfort you are looking for, you'd have done better to seek company elsewhere."
"There,” he said lightly, voice sounding thin as hammered tin in his ears. “You shall suffer no more. Well, for four hours at least." He smiled, and wondered if Holmes could see how artificial it was.
He hadn't crushed a pen in years; he had far more mastery over his own strength than that. He sighed and pulled a handkerchief from his pocket, sopped up the mess and cleaned his fingers, rescued his journal, rinsed everything off in the sink. Mundane tasks, these tiny everyday details. Watson found quiet solace in them; they made him feel human.
“I will come along, of course. I would not let you face such enemies alone. In any case, if I am not there Mycroft will assume the worst.”
Things had happened much the same way with Stamford. Watson was not unaware of the pattern, the repetition of history playing out like a familiar tune but seemed wholly unable to deviate from the course laid at his feet. Holmes was already here, and Watson already invested.
“It is enough,” Holmes assured him, because it wasn’t really about the physical; that was only one aspect of many. This thing between them was so much deeper and richer and purer than any of that, that if Watson could do nothing at all Holmes would be content to do no more than lay by his side. It was not so wholly unsuspected in any case. If Watson's skin could not flush, he almost certainly could not become aroused, not in the physical sense. But Watson’s hands were as skilled here as they were in the surgery, and he soon unraveled Holmes completely, had him shaking and spent in his arms, thoughts no longer a torrenting river but a slow trickling brook, and every one of them had Watson at its center.
“I would have tried earlier, had I known the vicar’s secret. But we shall have to wait until the thrall fades.”
Holmes paused as Watson's blood trailed a crimson path down his arm. "I take it this means no one can thrall someone already bound?"
The door slammed shut in his face. Well, wasn't that a curious reaction. He knocked again. "Montressor!" he called through the door, "What did you observe, that has you so frightened?" then, softer, "Was it the doctor? What can you tell me of him?"
"I would be delighted." Watson smiled, childishly pleased to discover Holmes had been thinking about him.
Watson laid a cold hand on the back of his neck, and kissed the top of his head. "I will see you tonight," he promised, then let go of him entirely.
Holmes blinked up at him again, gaze raw and unguarded for half a moment before he looked away. “What have you to be sorry for? It was not your offense.”
Newman stepped forward. By the time Father Deighton called him off, Holmes had lost three teeth and a fair amount of blood. His head was lolling, blood dripping down his face and into his mouth, slick iron taste like gunmetal. His skull might be broken, his nose definitely was.
He reflected on the fact that if he had to be caught, this was not the worst thing that could happen. There was a time limit on how long he would be here; he need only endure until nightfall. Any hours between now and then spent alone in the darkness and not in their immediate clutches was all the better for him.
“He does not kill when he feeds.” Holmes’ tone was dismissive, and Mycroft's mouth dipped into a cynical frown.
"I suppose so," he agreed without much conviction. "But what are you going to do with yourself if your brother refuses to let you out of doors? He must know every thrall in London is going to be searching for you."
"Then you cannot fly," he affirmed, neither disappointed nor smug. It was simply another fact, a piece of data.
“It will be fastest if I carry you, then. Here, climb onto my back,” Watson said, and Holmes laughed at him.
"What are you-" Watson began, but Holmes quieted him with a wave of his hand before pricking his finger on a needle held in place with a vise and smearing a few drops of his own blood on another part of the shirt. Watson opened his mouth to caution Holmes against drawing blood when he had none to spare but the detective held up a silencing finger, checking his pocket watch. After a few minutes he poured the contents of the beaker he'd been holding onto the ruined material. The pig's blood remained a dark red stain, but the human blood turned a rust brown.
“He must truly believe something worse is coming,” Sturgerson broke in. “And if Mister Holmes believes it, the rest of us would be fools not to.”
It was thrilling. Watson navigated the slate covered canopy with the sure-footedness of a mountain goat, leaping across rooftops and gutters and streets, dodging telegraph cables and chimneys with preternatural dexterity while below them London twinkled and smoked. Off in the distance, the great black serpent of the Thames wound its way through the heart of London, boats moving back and forth like fireflies on the surface of the water.
"Blevins, yes." The clergyman's face furrowed. "He was in our employ for a time, but he's run off, I'm afraid."
“Mrs. Hudson?” he repeated, surprised. He scratched the back of his neck as he considered, a vestigial habit from when he had been mortal. “I don’t know, she seems about average." And then, because he was beginning to understand how truly crafty Holmes could be, "Why? What is it you want me to do to the poor woman?”
“Good Lord-" Watson breathed, shielding his eyes and taking a reflexive step away from the growing blaze, "should I call for the fire brigade on the way out?”
"Disappointing because I have little information to give," Watson replied with a soft laugh. "After I turned, those first few nights - I survived only through instinct; knowing without lesson how to feed, how to find shelter from the sun."
"He doesn't need to feed," Holmes agreed dumbly, hopelessly enthralled. All the vampiric blood in his body wanted was to be close to its source.
beat, albeit slowly. He had to feed- although rarely- and from an extremely selective diet. What Holmes observed spoke toward natural predator behaviors, though acutely augmented. Speed, strength, attractiveness. Did not a number of predators lure their prey in with bright colors, sweet smells and deadly promises? It was not so different.
They walked arm in arm to the front doors of the Diogenes, where a man stood watching them approach. It was no one Holmes recognized, but the fellow clearly knew him, and his eyes widened as he caught sight of Watson’s pale figure. Holmes strode forward, placing himself slightly in front of the doctor. “I am here to see my brother,” he announced, “we are expected. And may I introduce my good friend, Doctor Watson."
"He will certainly not risk confronting you without support," Holmes agreed. "I certainly wouldn't, in his place."
The words echoed and roiled in his mind, crawling beneath his skin and itching along his nerves; his entire body infested with the sound of Watson's voice. It began to fade but only because he was complying, his body moving not independently of thought, but at the behest of someone else's. Distantly he wondered if he could resist, and the natural inclination to do so was there. But now was not the time for such things. Resistance would do nothing but fuel the deadly predator that wore Watson's face.
Watson sucked his lip between his teeth, and knew he should let the matter drop. But he had never been much good at doing what he should. "'We'?"
Watson’s eyes danced back and forth as he searched his long memory for details. "The-the Yard was founded, and public works... America had a civil war but you speak specifically of London... railroads, but that was the earlier part of the century. Massive population expansion since then."
This time Watson laughed outright. "As I said, I have not seen it, but others speak as if it is fact."
"I have not learned a great deal," Holmes admitted as he fell into step behind him, "though I hope to do better now I am somewhat...unfettered. The deeper this case goes, the more difficult time I would have had shielding you from the Yard, were I bidden to go through official channels."
The only certain way to free a man from thrall was to kill the creature who held them under sway. There were very, very few instances of people managing to break out of such a state on their own, and in each case the circumstances had been similar: a younger, weaker vampire who’s thrall abilities were still evolving, a mortal who had either been trained in the art of mental defense or else possessed latent psychic abilities of their own, and a sudden shock to the senses – such as pain or fear – which helped break the connection between the mortal’s mind and the creature who controlled it.
It was not possible for Watson’s skin to get paler, but the dawning realization on his face was compelling enough. His eyes were wide as the open sky, and his voice faltered slightly as he spoke. “But- no one has ever addressed me as ‘Prince’, nor offered either official challenge or allegiance-”
She tidied the living room before she left, moving folders full of crime scene photos, various chemicals and chemistry equipment, notebooks, plates of half eaten food. She ignored most of the paperwork, only stopping to take a second glance at one of the folders. It contained a handful of articles, printed from websites, taken from newspapers. Each article mentioned one or more of a list of names she was very familiar with- men and women who had disappeared, leaving seemingly no trace. The police had been baffled and found no concrete  leads, and so had abandoned the case. The press and media had never even caught wind of the disappearances. Sherlock had scribbled a few brief notes on the cuttings- most correct, some slightly wrong. Even so, he wasn't especially close to the correct solution, and it clearly wasn't a case he was focusing his considerable intellect on.
''Maybe not while he's stood up?'' The admonishment made Sherlock blink for a second, before he grabbed John's wrist, careful to avoid placing his fingers over the radial artery and the blood thrumming under the skin there, an old vampire taboo that even Mycroft ignored now. He led the way down the hall, past the bathroom, and into his bedroom.
Pulling a face at Sherlock behind his back wasn't the most adult thing John had ever done, but it made him feel better about following the bossy detective into the middle of the chaos.
''It's safe. Get changed, there's no harm in it.'' He began taking off his shirt, passing the smaller suit to John and motioning for him to undress.
''You- you are brilliant!'' he stepped forward and wrapped his hands around John, pulling him into his chest for a hug, pressing a quick kiss to the top of his head. John stepped back when he was released, shocked at the affection from a man who sometimes forgot he existed.
''And you got overexcited.'' Mycroft's voice was wry, clearly disapproving of his brother's antics. He shook his head and stood up. ''You'll have to lift him, I'm not putting my back out. He can go in the guest room.''
''Then I'll want the car booking for six, what time is the reservation for?''  He took a bite of toast and pointedly glanced her way as they passed an empty desk. She made a note on her phone to trace that employee and fire them. Mycroft didn't tolerate lateness or slacking in his staff. He held them all to the same impossibly high standard he expected of himself- and her.
Sitting together on the couch, Sherlock tapping his fingers on the arm of the chair with one hand and holding John's sleeve with the other, the pair looked up when they heard the door opening for the first time in almost two hours.
''She's a liar,'' Anthea smiled to herself, watching the little screen of her phone. She waited for him to tell her what he'd decided was her biggest flaw today, watching as the genius got distracted, another sign that his brain wasn't functioning as it should- he was usually focussed intently on one thing at a time, not this flighty distracted mess of ideas and worries. ''She always says she won't tell and she does. She always does. Cause she belongs to him.'' He seemed to lose his train of thought, staring at John face- reaching out to touch but pulling his thin hand back at the last moment. John shook his head and stood up, pulling the thin figure with him and supporting him as he found his balance.
John took a deep breath and she saw the second he decided to just get out of the situation. Unfortunately Sherlock beat him to it, clearly trying to embarrass her and Mycroft.
After the meal, the car took the pair back to Mycroft's home, a three floor red brick townhouse in a wide, leafy street south of the river. Anthea didn't bother to put her shoes back on, walking up the familiar front steps in her bare feet. Mycroft followed, waiting close behind her as she opened the door with her copy of his key. She crossed the wide hallway, dropping her shoes  to the marble floor with a clatter that echoed loud in the silent house. She put her key back in her bag and dropped her bag with her shoes. Mycroft, behind her, turned on the lights and walked to the kitchen. She could hear him pouring a glass of scotch, the tink-tink of the ice hitting the glass as it dropped from the silver tongs, the glug of the amber liquid leaving the cut crystal bottle. She walked slowly up the stairs to the second floor, where she had a room that was ostensibly for overnight meetings or emergencies, but was more often used for nights like this- late feeds after what they called a 'working dinner'. She changed out of her dress, hanging it up and putting it to one side to be sent to her home in the morning. She shook out a pair of soft cotton sweat pants from the wardrobe, sliding them up over her smooth legs and her lace underwear. A thin grey cotton t-shirt and a quick loose plait in her hair made her ready to go back downstairs.
Holmes sighed and acquiesced, because his brother was all the family he had left, and in many ways had always been as much a parent to him as their own mother and father. And in some ways more so.
Holmes' face tightened imperceptibly and he clenched his hands behind his back. "I am acutely aware of the fact," he replied, voice thin.
A sudden noise at the widow and he looked up sharply. Watson sat crouched just inside the casement, staring at him like a drowning man taking in air. "Holmes-"
Lestrade stopped in his tracks like he'd been grabbed, staring at Holmes' swiftly retreating back. “What’s the
"Yes, through true confession," the reverend affirmed, "and a trial of faith. But such honest repentance can be difficult to achieve."
"What else do they say?" Watson asked, catching the thoughtful look on Holmes' face and he leaned back, inviting Watson’s scrutiny with a wave of his hand.
Mycroft stomped over to the wall and pulled a book off the shelf, opening it to reveal a hollow center filled with bits of dried plants and herbs. He took several and threw them into a copper bowl beside the water decanter, mumbling in a foreign tongue as he set them afire. The weight suddenly lifted from Holmes, and he could move and speak again.
The man nodded, and began. "I became aware of him a night or two ago. He was stalking my habits, lurking near my home. This alarmed me, as I have a few enemies who would be willing to kill me."
Two weeks after they pulled Langley’s body off the church roof Holmes found himself in a dark alley thick with the smell of death, kneeling behind bins overflowing with decay and waiting impatiently for a nervous constable to bring over a lamp, that he might better examine the scene. A bloated half-moon hung in the sky like a distended stomach, pale light filtering down through layers of soot and grime, illuminating nothing.
Watson didn’t like the sound of that...this case so far had been no better than if Holmes had thrown himself in front of a train. But after all, it was his own fault the detective had gotten mixed up in it in the first place. He hardly had a right to criticize now Holmes was fully invested.
Watson stopped and looked up sharply, eyes narrowed in suspicion. “What are you planning, Holmes? What is there about this business you haven’t told me?”
"I will not tell the Yard," Holmes said truthfully, and she sighed in relief as they met the corner of the street, and turned back.
Holmes glanced at Watson, the struggle plain upon his face. Mycroft had been goading him all night, looking for a weakness, though Holmes could have told him easily enough where to find it. Having been needled through the whole interrogation and now being in danger of losing access to Holmes himself, well. He was dangerously close to losing his composure.
"Atch, wool. Too bad. Still, you might be of some use. I need a piece of your shirt." Holmes spoke quickly, obsessive sort of mania in his voice.
That made Holmes laugh, a sharp bark that threw his head back, the planes of his face momentarily illuminated by the lamplight. "I would not argue the point at all, but I doubt there are many who would not agree I am nearly there in any case."
Watson wrangled his temper under control. Mycroft was not his enemy, and he could not afford to make him so. “That will take time. His mind is- very strong, almost too much so. It is difficult for him to control it, and such defense is all about control.”
Sturgerson nodded. “This isn't a regular thrall. Loyalty on the human side is normal, but such deep devotion is not. Neither is the ah, passion, which you've displayed. And it
He’d gone nearly feral with anger, realizing Holmes had likely been tortured for the whole of the day while he slept, undisturbed and unaware, safe in the garret room at Baker Street. The only thing that kept him tethered to reason, kept him from leaping back up the stairs and tearing their bodies to pieces was the fact that Holmes still lived, and needed Watson to be rational.
Holmes thought to himself, but what was the alternative? He wasn't too young to starve to death in the street for want of employment, after all.
Mycroft gave the expected, irritated rumble that seemed forever stuck in the back of his throat while Carruthers and the nurse together supported Holmes enough that he needn’t put weight on his broken leg as he was lifted into the carriage. Carruthers sat next to him and Mycroft squeezed in on the other side, his bulk filling nearly the entire seat. The driver snapped the reigns, the horses stamped their hooves and the carriage trundled off through the muddy London streets.
"This is true, “ Newman agreed, fixing Holmes with his strange gaze, “which is why a true confession is hard to come by. When His judgment is nigh, every man becomes a devout servant of God.”
The morning was crisp, the sky a fierce and relentless shade of blue. All around him was the clatter of carriages and omnibuses, the chatter of people, the thrum and pulse of a living city rumbling beneath his feet. Holmes didn’t care about any of it, his focus narrowed to a rapier’s point. There was the case, and the details thereof. There was a murderer  to catch, and wrongs to right, and nothing else.
Holmes shrugged the comment off. “It was not luck at all; my survival was due entirely to the good doctor’s efforts. It was he who killed both Deighton and Newman, and dispatched the pathetic creature that had once been the vicar’s son.”
He had not been awake a quarter of an hour when he heard a thunder of footsteps on the stairs outside the door, and a moment later a gaggle of boys burst into the room in an umkempt tangle of arms and legs, each talking faster than the other, frantic voices blending together in a cacophony of nonsense.
Sturgerson nodded and opened the door for them, leading Holmes and the boy to the one area of the Diogenes’ where speaking was permitted; a small but well-appointed sitting room called the Stranger's room, where visitors could be received. Georgie pushed his chair over to a table with a crystal water decanter atop it, and Sturgerson departed with a deep bow.
Holmes let out a hiss of air from between his teeth and sprinted across the street, managing to reach the door just as Montressor was making to lock it. "A moment, sir!" he called in high, nervous tenor, wedging his foot in the door. Montressor reared back in surprise, his face a jumble of confusion and fear.
, Watson. Not the brave soldier who died beside you, not the Colonel shot off his horse. You, a man who’s last act was in defiance of death and suffering. She created you and left you to either die or survive by your own abilities. She told you nothing, and in so doing assured you would never owe your own kind anything at all; no favors and no gratitude, no debts to be collected unless you brought them upon yourself. And perhaps she had observed you long enough to know you would not indenture yourself to them."
"To the point of the vampire who waits outside the city," Holmes said, because Mycroft would believe neither of them about the thrall and therefore speaking of it was pointless, "he knows who Watson is. He will not have a true name but he will have a description, and a profession. And he knows that I was involved in the business.
The dense, black smoke belched up from the broken-toothed silhouette of the London skyline, mixing with the fog off the Thames and wrapping the city in a coal colored shroud of industrialized poison. The city appeared empty, people locked tight in their houses, monolithic buildings like gravestones standing silent sentry in the night while along the road oil lamps hung like forlorn ghosts, limning the streets in a dissipated yellow glow.
“Decently, for a beginner. Had he not thrown himself into fugue I think we would have made progress.”
After that he patched him up the old-fashioned way, using strips of cloth from the bedsheet and his own two hands, seeking out the worst of the damage underneath countless bruises. When he was finished, he pressed his hand to the side of Holmes face and Ordered softly, “Wake up.”
"Mm. For your client's safety. I certainly hope Doctor Jackson is doing well, then. Give him my regards."
Watson nodded. "I know my safety is hardly your concern," he continued, "but you shouldn't worry about it either way; I am well protected. This case is entirely about exposing the machinations of others."
"A deranged one," Holmes answered, for while there was historical evidence that drinking blood had not always been looked upon with horror - and still wasn't, in certain parts of the world - that was not the answer Montressor wanted to hear right now, nor was it an answer that would garner any cooperation.
Holmes lifted his chin, "Perhaps, but that is not why you are here. Oh, I've no doubt someone is after you, but that is not the chief reason you have sought me out, nor revealed yourself to me. I have already told you I do not take cases in which my clients are not completely honest with me; it is entirely too easy to end up on the wrong side of morality if I do."
"You knew I would," Holmes replied, not bothering to hide anything. "I take it that was the fellow whose pretense brought you to my door?"
the man's presence in his mind. It had been decidedly uncomfortable, but fortunately Holmes had always had a rather high tolerance for such things as pain and discomfort. "Is that where the legend of the minion familiar comes from?" he asked. "The mindless, loyal servant of the cursed? Can your kind dominate human minds so thoroughly they become little more than slavish vassals?"
"Help me stop them, before they kill more innocent men in their efforts to expose me. I know who is after me, yes, but if I wish to stay in London the only recourse I have is to rain death down upon them. Despite what you may think of me, I do not believe that is the best solution."
"Tea? Good lord man, you're a doctor; surely you've a stronger medicinal drink to offer than that. And the answer is no, though the church I shall investigate in the morning."
"But it is rare many of them stay in one place for long," Father Newman interjected, picking up the thread of the coversation.
True enough, as if Holmes had summoned her from the ether, Watson soon heard footsteps echoing down the corridor.
," Mycroft growled, his face pale white with anger, whole body shaking in barely suppressed outrage.
“The first night you arrived here with the doctor it was immediately apparent something was amiss, for while you were undoubtedly under a powerful thrall, its symptoms were unlike any I had yet observed, nor even heard of. Your amorous designs on the doctor were the chief clue, for you could have no such feelings if he objected to them, yet despite his repeated rejections you persisted, and no protest would stymie your campaign for long.
"Yes, yes...you are right," Holmes relented, aware that even that was suspect. "But you will come again, after dark?"
"I am well used to danger," Holmes replied, watching the scene with reserved fascination. "But I appreciate the warning."
They gradually slowed to a halt, both, it seemed, concerned that they may actually go flying over the handlebars if they continued at the faster speed whilst not only staring at each other rather than the path ahead, but also holding on with only one hand.
We parted enough to rest our foreheads together, grinning like idiots. I was reminded of the time we stole an ash tray from Buckingham Palace.
John could feel the prickle of tears behind his eyes. A terrible wave of devastation and more than a little jealousy cascaded over him. He had no right to be jealous, he scolded himself; he had no more right to Sherlock and his affections than anyone else. If Sherlock was happy, and that happiness was caused by someone other than him, then yes, that hurt, that was agonising, but John loved him, and he valued his happiness over his own. If Sherlock was happy, then John should be, too.
"Then, of course, I had to leave you for two years..." I felt his fingers tighten on my shirt. "...to protect you."
"You got a date?" grinned Greg Lestrade, teasingly nudging him with his elbow. "Let me guess…" he drummed his fingertips on the desk thoughtfully, then snapped his fingers. "Sarah Sawyer."
Back to skimming it. I couldn’t cope with reading it properly but I needed to know what else he’d put.
“Ahem, right,” he coughed as convincingly as he could, but only really succeeded in making his throat sting. “Must be coming down with one.”
For how long had he wanted this? How many times had he dreamt of Sherlock's warmth on his lips, of Sherlock's body in his arms, only to wake up and realise, with an awful ache of emptiness, that it was all just another fantasy?
“Cycling?” Sherlock stared at John with an expression so incredulous and full of disdain it was almost comical.
"It's fine, I'll pay," I said, producing a thin wad of Euro notes and quickly handing them over to the gondolier.
I couldn't help but laugh. With a soft kiss to his forehead, I pulled away enough to be able to see him properly again.
I laughed. And then Sherlock joined in too. It was almost perfect; we were laughing together, and we were in Venice, and I nearly, so nearly reached out and took the detective's hand in my own... But I stopped myself. I couldn't ruin this by doing something stupid like that.
Sherlock shook his head, lips pressed together in a thin, frustrated (but just slightly amused) line. He took the tray from the waitress. "
"You and I..." he muttered, albeit halfheartedly, as if correcting my grammar was something that just happened on autopilot, even when he wasn't thinking about it. There was something strangely endearing about that.
A restaurant serviette, by the feel of it, folded neatly into a square – he wanted to preserve it, then. Sentimental value? Why would such a thing have sentimental value?
Sherlock flinched; I felt the jump of his hands under my own. An expression of grave concern fell like a shadow over his face. He looked at me in a way which almost suggested he wanted to touch, to hold, to make sure I was alright and to protect me, but was too nervous to do so.
It was red, not white, and – writing! All over it, writing! John’s handwriting, black ink, written with the nice pen that came with that notebook I bought him for Christmas, years ago. He uses it a lot. Refilled it three times already. The notebook too, but I ensured it had a lot of pages so it would last. I’m glad he likes them.
I wasn't surprised. I don't know what reaction I had expected from Sherlock, but utter shock and just overall
Sherlock's eyelashes fluttered as he looked down to the floor bashfully. "I was about to say the same about you. You ought to wear blue suits more often… brings out your eyes."
Sherlock stood there, staring awestruck at John, his face dusted pink. He made an attempt at speaking, failed, cleared his throat, and tried again. "May I ask you a question?" he managed.
“John…” seemingly on impulse, Sherlock reached a hand out to John’s face and cupped his cheek. John inhaled sharply and froze. Sherlock looked worried that he might have overstepped the line and began to withdraw his arm when, in a sudden bold, equally impulsive move, John grabbed it, leant in, and kissed him.
; I knew would never get another chance like this. But if I was finally going to pour my heart out to him, he was going to need to keep his mouth shut for long enough to make that possible. "Sherlock... Sherlock, those things you just said about yourself, those awful things... none of them are true. Certainly not to me. You've saved my life countless times--"
"Oh, God, yes," John flung his arms around Sherlock, pressing them together so close he could feel Sherlock's thunderous heartbeat vibrating through his own chest.
But it pained me, the way he dismissed romance as being so trivial... clearly, with a response such as that, there was no hope that my attraction to him could be mutual.
“I love you, John,” he blurted, “I love you so much. No one – no one has ever known me, let alone cared for me, the way you do; the way you’ve always done. I don’t know what I’d do without you. I love you so much.”
John looked up in shock. Their gazes locked and now he knew that Sherlock would definitely notice the puffy pink that must have been framing his eyes. “What – then, what were –” he stammered.
As he lectured, I couldn't help but think of my time with Mary. It was certainly a fine example of romance leading to 'trouble and regret', as he put it. It is safe to say I was glad he had the unusual tact not to mention her.
That was it, then. I had to have a look. Didn’t I? Of course I did. Habit. Or reassurance? I probably shouldn’t have done, I suppose. But I did.
"Sherlock Holmes could pick any girl in the year to go with him to prom. You really think he'd go with me? No chance."
A sudden pang. I thought I’d deleted that. I don’t want to remember that. I don’t want that to ever have happened. Neither does John. I hope.
John’s serviette, from the pocket of John’s jacket, which I was wearing because John is back in Baker Street with me now and Mary’s gone and everything’s fine. It’s fine. John’s fine. It’s all fine.
“I’ve not been the only one staring,” he said, and, with a hint of satisfaction, observed Sherlock’s knuckles whiten in their grip on the handlebars.
The list continued. Paragraph after paragraph of things we’ve done together, things we’ve been through. Not all big things: some small things, things I’d filed away for safekeeping in my Mind Palace, things I thought John would’ve forgotten, but no.
I wasn't about to let this one go, though. Maybe I would never be able to tell Sherlock how I felt about him, but at least I would have this. This fantasy.
The music struck up. They danced in a daze -- an elated, loving, dreamlike daze – waltzing around the floor effortlessly thanks to Sherlock’s expert prowess, until the final crescendo of song. As Sherlock lowered their heads towards the floor, their lips met in a gentle kiss, and at that moment, the pair of them had never felt happier.
stare at me even more if I wore it more often? That would be good. Would John’s staring outweigh Molly’s staring? Probably. Shouldn’t do. Pathetic. Why am I being pathetic? Have I always been pathetic?
We passed down a footpath flanked by tall, peeling-plaster buildings on the right and the glittering, grey-green water of the Grand Canal on the left, swept along by a crowd of tourists. Stalls crammed with merchandise including piles of flags, straw hats and Pinnochio-esque puppets speckled the street, their wooden struts adorned with eerie papier-mâché masks like gargoyles.
They stared adoringly at one another. This was hardly a new thing for them, but now they did so knowing that it was with adoration that the other was staring at them. They had been woefully slow on the uptake.
He was vaguely aware of a thump of something heavy and made of fabric hitting the floor. In unison, Irene and Sherlock looked around in surprise.
as tourists - although very poorly, I might add; it is fortunate for them that most people are too busy getting excited over little boats to notice their wallets being stolen. Furthermore, there are no proper taxis and you have to get everywhere by boat, which is slow and cumbersome and impractical. If it's a beautiful city you're after, well, I much prefer London, where at least there's-
I left my gloves in my Belstaff. It’s not like me. I don’t forget things I need. Only idiots forget things. Only idiots fall in love. I’m not an idiot. Am I an idiot? I never thought I was an idiot. But I forgot my gloves and, okay, suppose my fingers were just a touch cold. John was right. John’s always right. Of course he is.
Sherlock gave a wry smile. “Needless to say, that was not something Mycroft would have done with me.”
"Sherlock," I said, looking at him pointedly, "I spend every day of my life with a man in a funny hat."
The boat travelled past rows and rows of elegant flats, all shuttered-windows and painted walls, and underneath low, pretty bridges, rolling and bobbing gently along the waterways.
Sherlock huffed and flopped back onto the cabin bed, dark curls spread out over the pillow. "Fine," he conceded, to my surprise. "Just one day. Then I'll call Mycroft and have us taken straight back to London, by which time we will be able to see first-hand just how badly Scotland Yard fares without our assistance."
Still: serviette, written all over by John Watson. First thought: shopping list. But no, it’s in sentences, no one writes a shopping list in sentences, and no one writes a shopping list on an item of sentimental value, do they? A memo, then, perhaps it was something significant. Lots of writing for a memo. Not a memo? Something else. I unfolded it. Had to open it up completely to see it all; it spanned the serviette in its entirety.
Jackson stopped breathing. There was no inhale - as a man might do before holding his breath - he simply quit, and did not start again. It took nearly a full minute for his heart to let out a slow, ponderous thump.
instead. I tracked him to the church and found him standing outside speaking to Newman and another man whom I didn't recognize; he was certainly not a patron. I've not the slightest idea who the stranger was or how he became mixed up in the affair, but it was then I knew for certain it was Newman who had set Langley upon me."
Holmes darted forward to catch her, sinking them gently to the ground as the officer brought Montressor out, hands clasped in darbies behind him.  "Lucy!" he wailed, fighting against the officer to try and reach her. "My wife- let me talk to my wife!"
There was a pecking order of course, even in this sphere. Cathedrals were favored spots for panhandling due to the inclination for people to lean more towards generosity in the shadow of the church, and whether that spoke to the genuine altruism of the devout or merely their desire to appear so mattered little; money all spent the same regardless of province. Taken together with the chance the curates themselves would provide a meal or a dry place to sleep or some donated clothes on a given day and it meant the ground beneath the awning of a church was coveted as surely as any gold mine.
The constable swung around to peer at him doubtfully. "Cavendish? Was that him then? And murder you say? I hope you have evidence, sir!"
The world rolled over itself like a rusty wheel, lopsided and uncertain. There was a gong sounding his head, the smell of blood and sick- and pain, always that. He clawed his way to consciousness like a drowning sailor fighting towards the ocean surface for air. A hand twisted into his hair and drug his head up, sent multi-colored lights swimming in and out of his vision, his awareness stretched thin as taffy.
The streets were dark and fog filled, lamps creating capsules of amber colored light within the brume. There were very few hansoms about this time of night and thus Holmes was obliged to walk quite far before finding a cab willing to convey him the rest of the way.
His eyes rolled back into his head as the Order took hold of his mind and he attempted to lift himself pathetically out of the chair and towards the ravenous vampire as the two men quickly pushed him across the room. Newman hastily undid the leather cuffs around Holmes’ wrists as the demon’s eyes bored into his mind.
He shrugged. “I don’t have much personally; London has had a dearth of vampires since before I was born. Most of our encounters have taken place outside the city – I suppose we’ve Doctor Watson thank for that. As such, this is my first time seeing one face to face, though I hope to remedy that eventually.”
Watson’s face went a shade whiter than normal, Holmes’ words hitting perhaps harder than anticipated. "I never intended that," he replied lamely, but that earned him only a derisive scoff.
“Only a dozen small observations. And no, not the one you destroyed. He was- caring for it, in a fashion. But it was not his Master.”
It took more effort than it should to force the words out through bloodied lips. "I think I am ready," he whispered, voice nearly gone.
A brief search of the alley turned over a broken oil lamp and a clump of half burnt cedar. The body itself retained all personal affects including money, negating the possibility of it being a mugging gone wrong.
“How,” Holmes asked calmly, “am I to stop you from seeing what I am thinking when you are privy to my innermost thoughts?”
“What do you mean, ‘compulsion or necessity’? Compulsion I understand well enough, but what is there of necessity to these crimes?”
He pivoted to retrieve them and was greeted by the barrel of a revolver pointing down at him, aimed at his heart.
Mycroft nodded and left Holmes to eat in peace and a half hour later Carruthers came to collect him, leading him to a well-furnished library rich with the smell of old leather and dusty pages. The air was still and quiet, as if they were deep underground and the entire space had an aura of hushed studiousness that made a man want to speak softly and mind his manners. Wordlessly Carruthers handed over a pair of white gloves which Holmes dutifully pulled on and then brought him to one of the carved mahogany tables where his brother sat surrounded by a number of books, some quite old, and others more modern.
Of course, some other explanation was possible. But that would be coincidence of the highest order and while Holmes certainly believed in coincidence, he didn’t trust it.
“It is probable,” Mycroft agreed. “All the more reason it was foolish of you to allow yourself to be thralled.” He took a long pull from his cigar, regarding Holmes with a gaze twice as sharp and calculating as his own. “You realize the most logical explanation is that this ‘doctor’ has attached himself to you in order to infiltrate the Diogenes from within, to destroy us and thus leave London open to attack from the rest of his clan. If he ordered you to kill me tonight, you would not hesitate.”
"It does seem to be a rather unusually high number of enemies for one man," Mycroft observed. His tone held nothing beyond the bland indifference he reserved for most things outside the scope of his narrow interests, but Holmes knew him far better than that.
Watson stood as well, moved to action at the mention of Stamford's name. "I did what I had to do to keep us both safe; knowing I had been to see you would have made you a person of interest to the church. That could have been dangerous for
"Indeed," Holmes said, looking down at Montressor with an unreadable expression. Watson departed and Holmes concealed himself in the deep shadows of the alley, half hidden behind a drain pipe. There was nothing to do now but wait.
"Tell me about the thrall you have put my brother under; explain to me why I shouldn’t let you burn in the sun for it."
In Watson's experience, nearly everyone enjoyed the act of feeding in the moment; that was simply the nature of the thing. But afterwards most of them were horrified at how easily they'd fallen under the sway of an Order. Terrified that next time, they wouldn't walk away. Holmes hadn’t been afraid. He had- he had
“It is ungentlemanly to listen behind closed doors, brother,” he chastised, but didn’t sound surprised in the slightest.
There were too many questions and fallacies of logic in regards to anatomy for Holmes to tackle there, so he put it aside for the moment and continued. "You say your heart does not beat; why then does the blood not settle in your hands and feet? How does it circulate through your body with nothing to pump it through?"
"Quite a lot of the vicar's affects, but no record of what he was doing. We did come across some fishy correspondences that sound an awful lot like blackmail from what we've been able to make of them."
“North,” Holmes answered immediately, “no more than a day’s ride from London. Unfortunately, by train that puts him nearly anywhere between here and Scotland.”
"If there is an emergency, I doubt there will be time for letter writing. Learn all you can," Holmes reminded him, then he was gone.
Holmes paid the man no heed, following the priest into the relative warmth and dryness of the church.
had been on Holmes’ list, but that was likely because it never occurred to him as a possibility he need guard against. That left Watson’s judgement alone, and his judgement suffered rather badly whenever Holmes was around.
Lestrade acquiesced with surprisingly little fuss. "You seem quite confident about that, and when Sherlock Holmes is confident, I would be a fool to disagree. I'll send a summons this afternoon."
He did not bother with coyness or chicanery, nor did he hold his cards close. Mycroft was both alarmed and angry, and that was a fatal combination. Though his brother was the most indolent of men and abhorred physical exertion of any kind, he was far from harmless, for anything could be moved if enough pressure was applied. Mountains formed when the plates of the earth crashed together, and Mycroft Holmes abandoned his routine when he judged his younger brother to be in need of his assistance. Both were equally impressive in their scope, and terrifying to anyone who might be too close to the epicenter.
"Holmes-" Lestrade stepped away from Gregson, pulling Holmes aside with a hand on his arm. "Is it necessary?" he asked, voice lowered conspiratorially. "Do you think you'll gain evidence from going up there right now that can't be found on the body later?"
Perhaps Holmes was right. Perhaps he never learned to be a proper vampire because he was never meant to be one. Not in the way they believed themselves to be.
The book Mycroft presented was old but not terribly so, three volumes thick and hand written with great care, illuminated letters and fine Celtic scrollwork adorning their margins. It was clearly a labor of dedicated love.
Observations: Window closed but unlocked, chair moved a half foot to the left. The papers on his desk had been bothered, and there were several investigative tools which had been handled and set down again. Nothing was missing, he had not been burgled. But someone had been looking through his things.
"Lucky for us. So, that much is taken care of. But there is still the church to deal with, and Father Newman. What are your plans there?" Watson set the paper down. The headline was from the day Kramer’s body was found.
“It’s dressed already,” Watson called back as he went to retrieve it, and Holmes gave a hum of approval.
At Mycroft’s tone he turned, setting his shock aside to focus wholly upon his brother. “What else have you been hiding?”
again, uttered with such conviction that all Watson's protests seemed mean and petty and hollow; he couldn't begin to compete. Holmes commanded the English language with such precision as to make the most preposterous of ideas seem reasonable. Besides, Watson could not stop him now if he tried, not without thralling him first and was something he would not do.
"You've been hired to investigate the underclass?" the vicar asked mildly, sounding slightly disbelieving.
"All things considered you must agree the title is a fitting one," Holmes remarked, taking a long drink of the doctor's ale.
"I should hope so," Holmes replied a bit dryly, directing the man towards a seat with a flick of his fingers. Generally speaking, interviews took place upstairs in his sitting room, but Mrs. Hudson wouldn’t be back for another three days and he wasn't feeling particularly welcoming tonight. "What is your trouble?"
The next morning when Holmes visited the church it was as himself, though on the whole he appeared more assembled than was his habit; cravat rumpled but tied, and hair slightly less rebellious than usual. It was as close as he got to formality these days (not that he'd ever given much of a damn about it anyway).
The corner of Holmes mouth twisted up in a crescent moon smile, because of course he knew but it was a victory of sorts to force Mycroft to admit as much. Not that the elder Holmes bothered with such games of chicanery himself; Holmes was the only one keeping score. "Well, then there is no reason to trouble yourself more than you have been, which means I shall see you again around Christmas next, provided neither of us has a more pressing engagement."
“Why should it be impossible? He befriended me after all. Surely a vampire would not be too far beyond the realm of possibility.”
"That is... quite a long list of illegal activities," he remarked, unable to decide if he should be impressed by Holmes' reckless ingenuity or concerned, and settled somewhere in between the two. "I thought you were a man of the law. Why are you doing this?"
“I know what he has told you, but the word of a vampire is worth less than nothing. They lie as easily as they kill.”
Holmes spent the entirety of the following week ensconced in the occult section of London’s sprawling lending library at Saint James, shadows changing their daily position as the sun moved in lazy arcs over the city. It was an area of study he fully admitted ignorance of; it had never been topical, before. When evil was done it was done by men with earthly motivations: mysticism did not figure into the worldview of Sherlock Holmes.
"Firstly, you must quit your tenure at the Yard. Then you must steal a corpse on the way out. Having full access to the morgue at all hours, it should not be a difficult task. I once worked a case where a man faked his own death in a house fire, it was quite ingenious. I believe the same scheme will serve us well here. Your home will suffer a tragic fire and all that will be left to find is a charred corpse. I can then have the Yard charge Montressor with Kramer’s murder without risking your involvement."
"Ridiculous. Were I lost in the desert it should not take me forty years to find my way out again." He glanced at the clock on the wall overhanging the bar. "It is time I returned to my post. Discover what you can about your former patient; I will send you word every other day. Should my missives stop do not hesitate to seek me out. You might start by looking in the clergy house cellar, behind the hidden door along the eastern wall."
He sighed, "I am sorry" he said again. He gathered the woman up and took her into the flat, laying her upon the settee. Then he watched over her, though he was the only thing in the room that could do her any harm.
"He was," Holmes lied smoothly. "I...had feared something like this. Montressor was not a well man. He was fully convinced Doctor Jackson was dangerous. We agreed he should disappear until I'd collected enough evidence to bring a case against him.”
Newman spoke up. "You come here in disguise, lie to us, flit around this holy church with ill intentions...how far down the path of sin have you walked, since giving your allegiance to a vampire?”
"Can't we? Is it not the most reasonable explanation for what happened to you?  You say vampires do not create others of their kind without reason. What reason did your sire have for creating you?"
"Hmmm," Holmes rumbled, "I suppose you ought to come in then." He left the window, threw on a dressing gown, stuck a pipe in the corner of his mouth and went downstairs, running a hand through the snarled tangle of his hair. He pulled open the door and stepped aside, waving the man in with an impatient gesture. He wondered briefly at the odds of the whole thing being a waste of time, but given the hour there was bound to be something to the business.
“Haven’t you? How many vampires have come here looking for the rogue prince, seeking to depose you? You say you killed them all; how many sires across how many clans have felt their proteges die one by one within London’s walls? And you think they would not take notice?”
"Why?" he asked, concern settling over his face like a shroud. "What do you think has happened to her?"
"You have my permission," he replied crisply and at once, "you are not responsible for the results of my own choices." Watson didn't know it, but those were almost the exact words Stamford had said to Holmes. Before he died as a result of those choices, of course.
"Good morning,” the Father said in the same deadened tones as before, offering his hand. "I am Father Newman. What brings you to our church today?"
Holmes held the lamp close to the pale face, watching intently but the doctor’s pupils did not react to the change in light. He reached out, brushing his fingers against flesh that was cold and stiff as a corpse. He tried to move Watson’s arm and felt sluggish resistance, ossified muscles tightened and slow to respond.
"Oh, Lord- good Lord in Heaven, you're alive!" the man cried, trembling faintly. "The Yard is already on their way - after the man on the roof we take no chances..."
"Do... do you want to stay here?" Watson asked hesitantly, and Holmes' own heart cried out against it. But the heart was a lawless creature.
Father Deighton listened patiently, face pensive and after Holmes fell silent offered him a benevolent smile. “You poor man,” he said gently, holding out his hand and bringing Holmes to his feet. “This is not so unexpected. It makes sense you would fall to vice now that things are looking up for you. It is so easy to forget the cold of sleeping on the street. Perhaps you thought to yourself that you deserved a reward for finally getting back on your feet. Does that sound right?"
"By dawn you will be even stronger," Watson promised, holding out a steadying arm. "You'll be able to outrun them in no time." A brief look of consternation crossed his face, and he said haltingly,"By the way...I don't know for certain, but what if you continued to pretend you're severely injured, in order to not raise suspicion from others? If you're gallivanting about London two days after shattering your knee, someone is going to be suspicious. People might assume you faked the injury in the first place; that could throw the entire investigation into question."
The rest of their walk was taken in silence, and they soon arrived back at the spot where Montressor awaited them with an anxious expression. Holmes deposited her gently into her husband's care and stepped away. "There, you see monsieur; your wife is unharmed, and unchanged. There are things to fear in this world, but the doctor's 'magic' is not one of them."
would have to show good faith. Oh, but if Watson came to harm...Holmes honestly could not say how he would react. If Watson died and the thrall died with him, how would he feel? He would certainly not be happy with his brother; Watson had been an ally even before the thrall. But how much would he truly care? How much of these feelings were mere illusion? All of it, if what he has been told was truth.
"So, in three days," she snipped with a heavy sigh, setting it down. She didn't badger him further at least, sweeping out the room with the remains from breakfast, his perceived invalidity causing her to hold her tongue far more than was her wont.
"Quite often, but it doesn't have to be an active thing. There no real need to 'keep watch' per se; they can "feel" when one of their own dies.”
“Well, then, perhaps you could sleep,” Watson said pointedly, changing tactics and Holmes shot him a poisoned-dart look.
Watson decided to try it. What was the harm, after all? “Stand up,” he commanded, and thought this would have been a far less stressful way for Holmes to have tested his theory than willfully throwing himself into a fugue while their minds were entangled.
After many long days of research into backgrounds of London's most prestigious doctors,  and more than a few frustratingly bland interviews, Anthea walked silently into her employer's office and placed a thin leather file on his desk. Putting down his pen and opening the file, Mycroft flicked through the pages and studied the photographs she had provided alongside an in-depth profile of her newest suggestion for the job they had decided to advertise. A tanned, muscled man stared out from the page. Mycroft noticed that his sandy blonde hair was beginning to turn grey in places and that his weathered face showed a lifetime of work and struggle. He closed the file and slid it back towards his waiting assistant, turning back to the file he had been adjusting when she walked in and picking up his pen. She smiled at his slight, almost non-existent nod and took the file back, replacing it with a pile of unopened envelopes and a cup of heavily sugared tea.
Sherlock's text alert was loud in the early morning of the flat, and he rolled off the low couch into a crouch, stretching to his full height and walking directly over the smudged surface of the coffee table to collect his phone from the mantelpiece on his way into the bedroom. He opened the picture message as he woke his partner, shoving the lit up screen in front of John's face as soon as he opened his eyes.
The quiet of the early morning was shattered by the sounds of a key scraping in the front door lock and the door slamming back and hitting the wall. Recognising the voices she could hear, Anthea stood calmly in the doorway and watched as Sherlock and Dr Watson entered the house. Sherlock walked straight into the kitchen and took the bottle of milk from the fridge. Anthea was used to this behaviour- he often took food from his brother's house instead of buying his own, despite the fact that it took almost an hour to get from Sherlock's flat to Mycroft's home, and that it would be far easier to simply buy the milk at any one of tens of shops that were within fifteen minutes walk of Baker street.
She walked slowly down the stairs, glancing at the pile of newspapers on the hall table, the top one showing a picture of her and Mycroft at dinner.
''I'm feeling kind.'' He reached into his suit jacket and took out a cheque. He slid it across the table furtively, glancing about in tiny movements, almost unnoticeable. She picked it up, glancing at the amount and trying not to laugh. She folded it in half and slipped it into her bag. She smiled up at him, fuller and more clear, before standing, careful to let her dress billow and flow around her, to make her way to his side. She leant down and kissed his cheek, allowing him to slide his hand across her waist and up her side to the ribbon in her hair. He pulled it free, twisting his hand through her curls as he did so. She pulled away, almost reluctant to continue the game they were playing, and returned to her seat.
''Do you think he loves you? He isn't capable of that.'' He sneered at his brother, who turned away, dismissing them all to return to his bedroom. Sherlock watched him go, and as soon as he was out of sight he pulled Anthea roughly towards him, ignoring John's sound of alarm.
They visited the family to ask about the illness, Sherlock talking a mile a minute to the poor widow, whirling about the house looking for clues, leaving John to sit alone in the living room and drink his tea. Having learnt his lesson about phone calls, he sent Sherlock a text to get him to ask the widow about holidays they'd been on as a family. He complied- the widow said she couldn't remember where they'd been, Spain, possibly. Maybe Greece. John nodded once and smiled a grim little smile. As soon as they got into the taxi Sherlock turned and looked at him expectantly.
Anthea watched on the security cameras as Sherlock hailed a taxi and the pair set off towards Scotland yard. She followed their movements through the security guards at the door and bypassing the card scanners with a flick of his wallet, clearly having stolen a pass card from some poor unsuspecting officer. When they walked into the lift and Sherlock pressed the button for Lestrade's floor, she turned away, flicking back to the photo Sherlock had received from Molly Hooper. It clearly showed skin where the brace had been removed, a brace that should have melted if the fire had gone on for as long as planned, instead of being doused by a fire engine that happened to be passing on the way back from another fire. The skin revealed was pale, marked by thin scars and a scabbed over bite mark, clearly unhealed. Anthea checked the schedule for the day, making sure that there was nothing booked that couldn't be rearranged. It was going to be busy enough, she could tell.
She settled into the bedroom, pleased to find the movers had followed her instructions exactly, flipping the mattress and changing the bedding. She led back and lifted her phone over her head, sending a photo to Mycroft for no reason but the fact that he disliked receiving messages that had no point. Then she rolled over, set her phone in the charger and undressed, dropping her clothes into the laundry basket on her way to the bathroom. She set the bath running and took of her makeup, pulling her hair up into a messy bun to keep it dry. Naked, she walked back through the hallway to her room, into the walk-in wardrobe she'd requested and glancing through her clothes to chose a dress for dinner. The slinky black skirt and jacket set she chose was something she had worn for the office with a blouse, but buttoned over something a little less conservative it would fit nicely with her evening plans.
Anthea moved Sherlock out of the way and unlocked the blood fridge behind the large gilded mirror over the fireplace, pulling out a pint of O+ blood and linking it to the line Sherlock had already inserted. Then she pulled out a wall panel to reveal the cupboard behind it and opened the first aid kit hidden there. Taking John's blood pressure she nodded up at the two worried brothers, both standing in identical poses.
Anthea interrupted his thoughts as he frowned back at the empty vial again. ''You're still thirsty?'' He nodded at her a little, absently, before going back to his pacing.
Sherlock stopped in his attempts to tip the last few drops of blood out of the vial at the sound of the panic in his donor's voice.
''You should know a lot about this case, Donovan, you clearly do a lot of mechanic work yourself- or maybe you spend so much time on your back for another reason?'' Smiling at the offended huff as she walked away, Sherlock turned back to John and grinned. ''Wanted to see if any of them would notice, I'd have told them eventually. Take a look at the body- what do you see?''
She smiled at his confusion. ''You said I was lying to him. Why would I lie? I have nothing to gain from this- I earn plenty, I cannot be promoted, I am already his donor. I stand to lose far more than my job should our relationship become public knowledge. Why would I lie in order to risk my reputation?''
The pair visited the morgue often- Sherlock harassing Molly Hooper and John trying his best to sooth his partner's words. Miss Hooper didn't seem to notice John at all- her feelings for Sherlock were clear, Anthea had compiled that file herself. The pathologist was clever in her own right, and helped Sherlock often- letting him use her words and her silence to bounce ideas off. With John at his side, Sherlock looked to be relying on her talents less, simply using her for access to the labs and equipment at Bart's. Anthea quietly used her power to improve Molly's day when Sherlock was exceptionally rude to her- adding a few pounds to an oyster card that was about to run out, making sure that files she needed were accessible quickly, pushing through tests and results so that she could go home early.  She recognised echoes of herself in the other woman- a girl who was smart on her own, and knew it, but still needed the notice of a Holmes brother to allow her to access what she needed to be brilliant.
She raised an eyebrow at the implication he'd been looking at her search history. He looked down at his desk.
Anthea turned to her employer and nodded once. Mycroft smiled a small, calculating smile and focused his gaze on the unassuming doctor.
''I found him, didn't I? What did you do to them?'' his voice broke and he pulled away from his brother's grip. ''You said they were safe- that they went to hospital- how many of them? How many, Mycroft?'
There'll be a week's delay before the next chapter (which is the last one), because real life is stressful. If there is anything you think I haven't cleared up or that you want to see, please let me know. There might be some 221B's coming in this verse, so if you want to prompt those, let me know in the comments!
''No. Blood bank blood has chemicals in that make it undrinkable. You're a doctor, you should know that. This is her blood.'' Sherlock explained absentmindedly as he wandered back into the kitchen to grab a cup. He thoughtlessly tipped the teabag out of Dr Watson's cup onto the counter, pouring the blood in to it and taking a long drink, almost draining the cup. His shaking stopped almost immediately and the fidgeting went back to normal levels- just holding the hem of his worn t-shirt rather than pulling at it and stretching out the thin cotton. Anthea noticed the seams of his shirt were on the outside to stop them from rubbing his skin- a sign that Sherlock was over stimulated- usually one of the signals that he was weak from lack of nutrition and didn't have the emotional resilience to put up with the slight irritation.
Her phone held a long list of emails and messages that required responses, ranging from press offices asking for her advice on the many articles that had run that morning, to reporters who wanted a comment for their next piece, to the usual political machinations that required steering in a particular direction. She scrolled through them, getting rid of the reporters and journalists, sending a blanket press statement to the press and publicity teams, and reorganising the political news and events by importance, forwarding the ones that could be dealt with by someone with less demands on their time than Mycroft and his primary team. She finished the journey by searching through cctv of Sherlock's actions over the past few days, sending John Watson a quick text to tell him that Sherlock's cufflink was most likely still at the Chinese they'd eaten at two days before.
Anthea saved her files, and quickly changed her phone to vibrate before putting  it away. “Eddie, screen please.” The driver responded quickly to her quiet instruction, pressing the button to make the opaque screen slide into place between the driver and his passengers. As the mechanism clicked into place the secretary unbuttoned the top two buttons of her cream silk blouse and moved her hair to the side, allowing her employer to pull her closer to him and bite through the scarred skin of her neck, carefully lapping up the blood that spilled from his teeth before it had a chance to stain her collar.
The politician was trying his best to restrict the amount of blood he took, but he had been away from his donor for days and was unusually hungry, so when he finally stopped taking blood, his secretary had fainted, slumped across his lap. It wasn’t a new occurrence, so he just pulled the blanket from under the chair, tucked it around her as he moved her to be led more comfortably across his knee, and cleared up the bite mark on her neck with a wipe from her bag.
''I've sent more money, John. There has clearly been an issue with the payments, I'll see it sorted. Do try to discuss your relationship problems more quietly next time, you're worrying Mrs Hudson.'' Anthea left, shutting the door behind her quietly, cutting off the quiet sounds of the two men shifting from their respective chairs to the sofa- somewhere more comfortable for a feed.
''I'm sorry, alright? I would have sworn you were here. I will try to wait for you- and I'll make sure Mycroft pays you on time- you can do that right?'' he turned to Anthea, who nodded in return and did a quick search on her phone to find the payments that had been sent to John Watson's account. They were irregular and smaller than the agreed amount, and she sent an email to her boss to make sure he was aware of the issue. She then authorised an instant payment to make up the deficit.
John turned at the sound of a car in the quiet street, aware of his surroundings in a way his army training had never allowed him to forget. He relaxed marginally when he saw the large black car slowly following him down the street. When it stopped he turned to face it, opening his mouth to tell them he was fine. Before the sound escaped his throat he was falling, a tiny white dart piercing his throat in a crude imitation of a vampire bite.
In the living room, Sherlock flopped back onto the leather sofa, letting his dressing gown fall open. Mycroft turned away and snapped over his shoulder at his brothers confident smirk.
It's still Wednesday so technically i'm not late? Sorry. I have no excuse. Also, here, have some plot. Not much, but it's there, I promise. Let me know if you liked it. :)
His voice was clear but slower than Anthea knew it usually was, and his movements were more exaggerated than they should have been. She made a note in his file that he had found a new supplier.
''I am far too careful for that.'' Mycroft sounded almost offended at the possibility of harming his donor. ''Sherlock is very free with his feeding- doesn't always take the preservations he should, things like making sure you've eaten first, checking your diet is replacing what he takes. But Sherlock has done this before- overfeeding. Did it a lot, especially as a child. He's never been good at controlling his impulses. He knows to bring them here- that I'll deal with the aftermath of whatever he does. No matter what it is.''
Anthea spent the next morning looking through the files Mycroft held on Sherlock, trying to find a reason for her employer's refusal to allow himself to feel in the notes he had made on his sibling. There were many small indications of Sherlock's issues with emotion- instances of him insulting others for allowing themselves to become compromised by relationships, snide remarks about the general population's lack of intellect resulting from their overabundance of complicated feelings. The further back she got, the more vivid the remarks were- until she found out why.
''I've picked it out, its waiting at the jewellers. I'll send the driver the address, for when you have time.''
After making quiet small talk with Mrs Hudson for a minute or two, mainly to give the pair some time to settle in and for Doctor Watson to find his feet in the flat and get used to Sherlock's particular brand of 'tidy', Anthea walked swiftly up the stairs, knocking once on the open door before entering.
John was the one who suggested medical files as a way of identifying the body- leading to the discovery of the missing files. The pair stalled on that fact, letting Anthea hope that they might not be able to solve the case- but again, John was the catalyst.
As Sherlock knelt by the body, John stopped, sniffing a little. He turned to the nearest crime scene officer.
He smiled, absently, not looking at her. He patted her knee, gently, and wrapped his hand around her waist.
''Sorry- did you want to tell them? I saw you look at the smoke and the engine. Why didn't you say?''
After three days of silence, John returned from shopping to find the flat a mess and the detective gone. He checked his phone and found a text-
Anthea returned to work as usual, doing as she was asked and carefully monitoring the lives of both Holmes brothers and John Watson. She split her computer screens- one for working, the other segmented, showing cctv from all over London, monitoring Sherlock's activities and his investigations into the burned body.
''Mycroft has put chemicals into my blood, a claim. It will taste bad to you- it's his mark on me. You're John's first, he'd taste odd to anyone else now. It's a claiming thing- outdated now, but left over from the times when donors like me and John were public- and needed to be claimed to prevent others from using us. I threw some things out from the fridge-''
''Of course.''  He patted absently at John's leg where it was pressed against his. The pair moved impossibly closer, squashing against each other until there was barely an inch of their sides not touching.
This chapter is for Insomniac2010 who asked in a comment about Sherlock and John's first meeting- This is for you, Insomniac, hope you enjoy!
She shook her head, almost switching off the programme, one she left running all the time but rarely used. Mycroft's office knew where the people they wanted to find would be, not often needing to use something as time consuming and uncertain as facial recognition software. She saw who the programme had flagged up- S. Holmes. On almost any of the other areas of the city she was watching it would have been nothing noteworthy, Sherlock and his partner often wandered the streets of London, and most of the screens were concentrated on popular areas, Trafalgar square, the Palace, the British museum. Others focused on areas that at first glance seemed plain and uninteresting- side streets, alleyways, cafes. But those feeds were showing the very elegant solution to Mycroft's current pet project- vampire/human relations. Something Sherlock should not be anywhere near. She saved the text files and closed the window, clicking over to the video feed to allow it to fill the screen, and saving the recording to a secure server. Fishing a pair of headphones out of her desk drawer, she plugged them into her computer and turned on the volume.
''Someone's thrown a rock through my window. I want security. And I'm buying a new house- ill be using your pass codes.'' She hung up on him to make absolutely certain that he knew she wasn't happy. He sometimes missed subtler clues, so she'd learnt to make sure he understood when it mattered.
''I'm fine- I'm- fine-you're blurry.'' He tipped his head at her, his eyes slightly unfocused. She glanced over him, noting the signs of a drained donor- paler than usual, a slight sheen of sweat, quick, panted breaths.
Once she was in her bedroom she put her wine on the dressing table and dropped her shoes onto the soft white carpet, leaving them there. She emptied her pockets onto the dresser-top, laying her work things; phone, Bluetooth earpiece, and security pass, to one side, and throwing her worn stockings into the laundry basket on her way to hang her jacket on the back of a chair.
The crime scene was burned almost beyond recognition. There was a blackened body under the engine of an eight wheel truck, charred and twisted metal meaning that the body couldn't be removed yet. The garage was messy, tools and spare parts littering the wet floor. Flood lights had been brought in to light the scene, casting long and distorted shadows over the smoke-blackened walls. Sherlock strode through the middle of the scene, heading straight for the body. John followed more slowly, looking around him at the officers, who scurried out of their way.
Holmes only shook his head, swatted Watson’s hands away as he made to pick him up again and grimaced at the pain the movement excited.
"It was a most peculiar case,” he said in lieu of an apology, “and it required an unconventional solution. For the sake of my anonymous client, I could not enlist the help of the Yard- nor anyone else, for that matter. His life depended on utter secrecy, and still does."
Holmes sat back in quiet dismay. Three hundred years. He thought again of that black serpent crest, the intricacies of the mind behind it; all those subtle manipulations that had born out over months - years - of planning. And a vampire only grew stronger with age...
"Damn" he muttered, pushing himself away from the desk. He nibbled a piece of cold toast and drank the now (very) cold tea. Maybe thrall had been a mistake. He couldn't work like this.
“He was traveling back to the sire for more blood,” Watson surmised. “I may have been wrong to kill him, you know. If his Master felt one tenth for him what I do for you, he will want to disembowel me personally.”
''Of course. Book the car for half past six and we'll have drinks first. Two hours for eating- I'll want to feed by ten, of course. There's a new shake in the fridge, should replace the lost nutrients faster than the one you're on now.'' He waved his half eaten slice of toast towards the mini fridge by her desk. The fridge door, unlike the others on this floor, was opaque, hiding the fact that the unassuming white drinks fridge also contained at least a pint of carefully stored blood, ready for Sherlock to visit unexpectedly and demand feeding.
Once she had enough ready for Sherlock to collect after he was done antagonising his brother, Anthea turned her thoughts to the new problem: how to find someone who wouldn't panic at the thought of donating blood to a vampire, a subspecies  which the modern world viewed with disgust and often terror. Lost in thought, she startled slightly as her phone vibrated again.
They walked out of the office on the evening of their wedding hand in hand, followed by whispers like shadows, stares and a single peal of laughter, quickly stifled. Despite the fact that the wedding had been a closely guarded secret it was difficult to keep the change in their relationship from the people who saw them most. However, it had been very easy to keep the wedding a secret from two people in particular.
They walked into the office at Scotland Yard shortly after 9, Sherlock whirling through the sleepy staff clutching at mugs of coffee, leaving John behind as his stride grew longer and longer, almost running in his haste to find the Detective Inspector. John gave up on staying at his partner's side, detouring into a kitchen area to make himself a cup of tea, ignoring the looks of the officers waiting for the coffee machine to brew with the ease of a man who has long known he is capable of defending himself.
When Mycroft pulled up outside Anthea's new house she was waiting in the doorway, silhouetted by the glow from the living room. He walked slowly up the path, glancing from her head to toe.
She slid silently into the leather seat beside him, tapping on the raised partition to signal the driver into action and going back to her Blackberry. There was a conversation, but she paid it little attention, beyond giving polite responses when necessary to fool Watson into thinking she was giving him the attention he clearly craved, when the truth was she was paying him no more attention than was required to make sure he didn't reach for the unregistered service gun in his waistband. She easily rebuffed his clumsy flirting and noted the almost resigned acceptance of her refusal. Low self esteem. Could be dangerous when forced into close contact with Sherlock and his constant need to insult those around him, especially those he cared for. She made a note to inform Sherlock of the need to be cautious. When given the high stakes, she was almost sure he would listen to her advice.
Anthea interrupted, her voice calm and steady in counterpoint to his rushed panic. '' Why must I be lying?''
She unbuttoned her pale blouse and unzipped her skirt, letting both fall to the floor at her feet. Relaxing out of the upright posture she held herself in for work, she unclipped her bra and let that drop, adding to the pile. Taking a deep breath she stepped out of the pile of clothing and folded at the waist to gather it up,  dropping it into the basket on top of her stockings as she walked past. She folded her garter belt in half and put it on the dresser, exchanging it for her glass of wine with one hand as she snagged her fluffy, tattered dressing gown with the other. Tying the belt around her waist with one glass of wine in her hand and another inside her took some manoeuvring, but she managed it. Her simple- but very expensive- earrings, necklace, and watch went in their places in their carved wooden box. She grabbed her kindle and folded herself into the armchair by the window, using the fading daylight to read as she sipped her wine. After a long day, the simple fantasy of historical romances was an easy escape.
''No- some things just make sense now. You keep saying things that make no sense- I guess you were carrying on a conversation you'd been having with me while I wasn't here.'' He shook his head a little and reached out across the table. Sherlock didn't take his hand, but allowed the brief touch to his leg without flinching.
''I thought a house. Once this is all done with, you'll need somewhere better than your current address.'' He took the cheque back from her, his fingers brushing hers.
''What is- is that a bottle of blood? Did you rob a blood bank?'' The doctor's eyes switched rapidly between Anthea's face and the bag of blood in Sherlock's hands.
Careful of the blood bag Anthea was still holding over John's head, Sherlock bent and carefully lifted his donor into his arms, setting off up the stairs to the bedroom.
A throwaway suggestion which led to days of Sherlock thinking in silence on the couch, eating very little and demanding feeds at odd times of the night. John rang Anthea on the first day, panicked that he'd offended his partner- once reassured that this was simply Sherlock working, he just carried on with his life as usual, keeping Sherlock warm with blankets and providing tea which the detective never finished.
She knocked once on the door and walked in. He was typing quickly, and usually he would continue until he reached a place to stop. However, today, the second she fit through the door he looked up at her, smiling a small smile as though he was nervous.
''He's lost a lot of blood, Molly said- more than was at the crime scene. And we know he's been dead a while. Could he be- you, know like me? A donor?''
She rolled over to face him, amused by how young and how unintimidating he looked in sleep. She left him to rest and crossed the house naked to get her clothes from her room. Which would have been fine, had Sherlock not been in the process of trying to break into Mycroft's office. She took a deep breath and decided to act as though nothing was wrong. Sherlock blinked once or twice and stared for a second before John tugged on his arm and he looked away.
''It's okay- I won't touch you if you don't want me to. But you nearly passed out. Can I get something for you to eat, drink? Meat, a nutrient shake, something like that?'' He looked deeper into Sherlock's eyes for a second before the detective glanced away. ''Are you high?''
''Vaguely threatening- feel free to lurk in dark corners if you feel the urge, you know, if we're being stereotypical.'' John's voice was hoarse and Anthea passed him a glass of water, which he took, gratefully, before tucking his hands up in the sleeves of the hoodie and sinking back in the chair. She took that as her cue to make sure Mycroft didn't go too
''Mr Holmes?'' She paused by the door to the kitchen, listening to the familiar sounds of a kettle being boiled. Sherlock appeared from the kitchen, thin arms full of test tubes and chemical bottles. ''Huh? John? Oh- you. Did Mycroft send you? Did you bring blood for me?'' He whirled around and dropped the glassware into a cardboard box, where it clinked and tinkled itself into silence as he shifted pieces around to make it all fit. Anthea held out the vial of blood, and he grabbed for it with both hands, pupils dilating at the sight. His eyes flashed to her neck, to the scars, before he pulled himself together and fixated back on the bright red blood in his pale hands.
She kicked off her heels, tucking her stockinged feet up onto the chair beside her, relaxing into the warmth of the heated seat, waiting for the soft vibration that signalled an incoming text.
''Sherlock had a little meltdown earlier, we came to find you- when you weren't at home he decided we'd come here. Some officer at the yard kicked off about vamps and 'feeders'.'' He wrinkled his nose at the slur. ''And he said he'd figured something out and he wanted to tell you first.'' He turned to his partner, who was still concentrating on his drink, slurping the last few millimetres from the vial. Mycroft pulled it out of his hands and lifted his chin, ignoring the slight flinch at the soft touch.
''We are having good sex. We would be having more sex if you weren't here.'' Sherlock clearly delighted in horrifying his brother.
Mycroft sorted through the papers in the file on his lap while dictating new information to his secretary, Anthea, who was typing it up in a short hand of her own invention on what appeared to be a blackberry. He tutted at a note on one of the sheets, a heavily annotated room plan of the upper floors of the Bulgari Hotel.
''Anymore? It hurts?''  He took a step away from Sherlock, his hand flying up to protect the unbroken skin of his neck.
''Only a bit. Like a scratch. An injection. And then- my- there are chemicals, I make chemicals to make you feel better about it, it'll make you tired and calm... sort of a relaxant. It's difficult to measure.'' Here he subsided into mutters, frowning down at his mug at the idea of an unknown, especially one related to his own physiology.
