It takes Dean the better part of the afternoon to finish unpacking. His record player—a large cabinet, with a combination radio and turntable—sits along the wall, with enough storage space in the front cabinet for his vinyl collection. His weapons sit in a brand-new bookshelf rather than looming over his head while he sleeps, along with his paperbacks and the family portraits he’s kept over the years. Across the dormer window, he hangs curtains, both to keep out the light but to also create a sitting area for when the sun isn’t blaring straight in through the window.
Reality doesn’t set in until they reach the Howard County line, winding their way through the woods as the fog hangs low. Somewhere a few hundred miles at his back, Sam is coming with a demon attached to his arm, and less than three feet away, Castiel sits with his eyes closed as he listens in on the angels.
Tomorrow, the papers will talk about how Dean Winchester woke up after the worst crash of the year, and how the doctors are optimistic that he can get back out on the track in the next few weeks. But his chances of winning the championship this year are done. The closest he’s ever been to making his family proud, and it’s gone, yanked out from under him.
He can’t move. He can barely breathe, and outside, Dean screeches and cries, and Castiel can’t save him.
Rolling onto his stomach, Dean makes his way to his knees. “Hey,” he says, wringing his hands. His gut sours. “You didn’t change your mind, did you?”
Standing, Castiel wobbles. His head aches, feet anchored to the ground. Outside, Dean begs for mercy, begs for anything that isn’t whatever Alastair is doing to him. The door is only two feet away. “God grant me strength,” Castiel pleads. One step, followed by another. Someone replaced his blood with lead and his wings with molten rock. Stretching out a hand, he grabs for the door. Knowing Bobby, it probably locks from the outside, though he finds a locked control panel to the right.
“What’s the last thing you can recall?” Castiel asks. He blinks, his eyes wet, the most emotion Dean has ever seen him express. On the track, Castiel is placid. Gruff, even. But behind closed doors, whether it be in bars or the crew trailer, or even in Dean’s living room, he’s softer, with the barest edge of a smile on his lips.
Briefly, Castiel looks down at his chest, finding the meticulous outline of the koi already healed, no trace of inflammation in sight. He traces the lines with his fingertips, noting the slight ridges. “I can stop, if it’d make you feel more comfortable.”
Dean stares straight ahead, his spine straight. “Maybe next time,” he lies. “Spend all my time studying.”
None of the scenarios in his head compare to what he sees through the window. Dean sits in the front seat, slumped and unconscious, his face bloody and his chest unmoving. Castiel wrenches open the door, eerily calm, like what he sees is a dream, or a nightmare. That Dean isn’t sitting behind the wheel of a totaled car, like Dean isn’t dead in front of him. With trembling hands, he touches his fingers to Dean’s throat, finding his skin cold from the night air. A pulse beats, faint—
, sends a thrill through Dean’s gut. If they survive this—if they live and Castiel decides to stay, then he’ll take his time.
Dean’s heart pangs. Knees weak, he pulls away from Iofiel and backs into the Firebird, wrapping his arms around himself. He can’t be—but can he? “I’m not—”
The song changes, the genre switching from a country to something laden with expletives and rattling the frame of the Mustang. Cheers go up; Dean jerks, but doesn’t move. He could, if he wanted. Castiel could pull away, and Dean could run back and continue his charade, and none would be the wiser.
He can do that. Sam may be stronger than him, but Dean has creativity on his side. The candles might work as a distraction—after that, he’ll figure it out. “Okay.” He straightens his coat collar, brushing the dust from his sleeves. “One down.”
Dean clings to him in the night, buried under the covers and nestled into the circle of Castiel’s arms. In the dark of their cocoon, Castiel can’t help but look at him, at the cuts slicing his cheeks and the puncture wounds to his throat. Faintly, Dean shivers, blinking awake every few minutes. Just lying there, he can feel just how exhausted Dean must be, but how unwilling he is to let himself fall under, even here, where nothing can harm him.
“Oh, fancy.” Charlie pats his bicep. “Dean texted me the other day about it. Hey, you need another person for your study? ‘Cause I got stories if you got time.”
“Thought I was the touch-starved one,” Dean hums, smiling against Castiel’s lips. Castiel would roll his eyes if it didn't feel so nice. “So what’re you gonna do to me, huh?”
Dean stares. “Jack said you have a soul.” Castiel’s eyes widen. “He said the Empty won’t keep anything that’s human. Are you…”
Castiel swipes his thumb across Dean’s lip, smearing a wet stripe over the seam. Glancing over his shoulder, he waits before dipping down to pull Dean into a kiss, all tongue and heat. The cool water of the pool won’t save Dean now, not with the way Castiel practically drags onto his knees. He burns like fire in Dean’s grasp, his t-shirt sticking to his frame and his arms hot despite sunscreen. Deft hands trace down Dean’s front, coming to rest around his hips; Castiel’s fingers dip past his waistband, just barely, but warmth surges to Dean’s gut, spreading to his chest and up his neck.
“You’re the new guy, right?” the bartender asks, hands atop the wooden countertop. “All the way from the West Coast, huh? Don’t get many out-of-towners here.”
“I still don’t get why you’re here,” Dean says after a while. He sits on the foot of the bed, head bowed and wishing he were in any other universe than here. “Last person on earth you should be hanging around with is me.”
He looks awful—he feels even worse, and even after he pops four Ibuprofen and stitches up the wound, he’s still lightheaded. Waning adrenaline, a feeling he knows all too well—and Dean barely makes it to the couch before he slumps into the cushions, the storm raging on, but the rest of the world silent, dark.
How he made it this far, he doesn’t know. But he fights, slaughtering everything that attempts to attack him, despite the gashes in his wings and the gouges in his armor. Blood paints his vision, the world tinted red amid the fire and sulfur.
“Ever since I was born.” Popping open the door, Dean leaves to grab their suitcases from the trunk. Castiel follows, slamming his door behind him, and takes his bag after Dean hands it over. “Great grandparents bought it before cars were around, so it’s been in the family forever.”
Whatever the reason, Dean shoves his thoughts down and steps into the shower, enveloped by scalding water. He tinkers with the handle until his skin no longer burns, and for a while, he stands with his head bowed under the spray, willing his erection to flag. Nothing happens. If anything, it twitches, spurred on by the attention.
Maybe it’s comfort food. Maybe it’s the only thing Dean can do for people that doesn’t involve bloodying his hands.
couldn't. And now there’s a price on my head, and I’ve got demons clawing after me, and… What am I supposed to do? I’ve only ever fought one demon, and I’m… I’m not strong enough. I don’t know what you see in me, but I’m not the man you think I am. I barely survived Hell, and now they wanna drag me back. I didn't… I didn’t do anything.” A sniffle. “I just wanna be normal. Fuck hunting, I just… I wanna live, man. And I can’t do that if I’m gonna be living in fear for the rest of my life.”
Castiel looks down, heat building in his cheeks. Not from shame, but knowing that Dean is admiring him, his hands caressing bare skin. “I was imprisoned in my barest form,” he says, leaning in for another kiss. Dean meets him, a hint of a smile ticking his lips. “I’m sorry I didn't grab my clothes before I was flung into existence.”
Unlike this morning, Dean doesn’t watch Castiel cut him open. Can’t, given the angle, but he feels the pain all the same, the small blade cutting a two-inch incision into the side of Dean’s throat. As soon as the blood wells, Castiel kisses the wound, closing his lips around it. He
Sometime between breakfast and Dean returning to his room, Sonia broke out and began to wreak havoc across the upper floor, ranging from Sam’s toiletries being flung into the hallway, to all of her toys scattered across Castiel’s room. Castiel slept through it all, curled onto his side with the covers yanked over his head in a vain attempt to block out the sun.
Not because of the sheer amount of layers he wears, but because of how much he fights it. Every time, he deflects Dean’s attempts to get into his pants and makes it a priority to get Dean naked, solely for the purpose of a hand job, or to suck Dean off like his life depends on it. Why Castiel won’t
“I’m here.” Castiel wipes the blood from Dean’s face, horrified at his swollen, bloodshot eye and the bite to his throat. All of it, he heals with a touch, watching Grace surge through Dean’s wounds until he glows. Afterward, Dean trembles and crawls into Castiel’s embrace; Castiel lets his wings free, wrapping the tattered mess of them around Dean. He smells like blood, like torment, but it’s over now. Dean is safe, and breathing, and Castiel refuses to let him go. “I’m here, Dean.”
A good question. Lifting one, Castiel squints at the closed skin of his palm, marred only by a scar. His other hand is a mirror image, and his feet as well as he looks around Dean’s hip. Dean pushes up Castiel’s shirt, revealing a scar splitting his tattoo in half.
Castiel does. No matter how hard he tries, he can’t look away from Dean’s soul, a bright white at his core that radiates into everything he touches. If angels coexisted with humans, they would be drawn to him from great distances. As it is, Castiel stands vigil alone, and he knows Naomi can see the turmoil in his Grace.
“I didn't try hard enough.” Sighing, Castiel places his hat on the Impala’s trunk. “Going through the rigamarole of your case left me wondering if we’d ever be able to save you. What should’ve been a quick decision turned into months of debate, and as soon as the seraphim gave the word, I flew. I saw the flaws, Dean, I saw what went wrong, but there are procedures in place—”
Dean doesn’t answer him with words. Instead, he takes Castiel by the back of the head and kisses him, smothering a moan into his mouth. He tastes like nothing, but he kisses with such fury that Dean forgets anything other than his tongue and the hands on his bare skin. Gradually, Castiel pushes him into the mattress, his knees pushing Dean’s thighs open. And Dean opens for him, gasping as Castiel presses up against him, the clothed curve of their cocks rutting against one another. Nails scrape down his ribs, over scars and bruises, and Dean arches up into him, hyperaware of where Castiel touches and how warm he is through layers of fabric.
Kissing him is easy, especially when Castiel kisses him back, open-mouthed and wanting. Weak, Castiel shifts his hips, his cock sliding through the mess he left behind. “Did you—is there Grace in my ass?”
Missouri looks up, the lines around her eyes softened. “You’re not having second thoughts now, are you?” she asks. “I thought teaching was something you wanted to do.”
Iofiel’s face softens, a small smile on her lips. “We aren’t allotted happiness, our kind,” she says to Dean. “Please be kind to him. If any of us deserve happiness, it’s Castiel.”
The bickering continues, but Dean tunes it out, more interested in the breeze than anything they might have to say. Somehow, the conversation works back around to him, almost escaping his notice, if it weren’t for Castiel squeezing his hand. “Did you hear what Sam said?”
For far too long, Dean watches him stand and pace the room, his steps sluggish, just as exhausted as Dean feels. There’s a bed upstairs, one he desperately wants to crawl into, but Castiel is his priority, even if Castiel doesn’t want to be here. “Amara took the bomb,” Dean says, lowering his head. “They just left, and said that this was the last straw. If we die, we die, and that’s it. No more resurrections, no more miracles, just us and the world. And I called you, but Sam said you’d taken off, and—”
Traitorously, Castiel’s stomach growls. At least if he has to sit in the heat, then he can eat to take his mind off of it.
Sam grimaces, as much as he can given the hour. “Think I’ll take the bills instead.” Pushing his chair back, Sam closes his book and stands. “Talk about it in the morning?”
“He’s gonna kill me,” he says, pressing his forehead to the steering wheel. The engine ticks, steadily cooling. “Hell, he might not even live here anymore, and I’m gonna waltz in like I haven’t been dead for a year.”
The part of him that would normally tell Ash to crank down his music takes a backseat tonight, his heart not in it and his body well on the way to passing out any second. But footsteps approach, and with it, the smell of something laden with spices. Benny, probably.
Humming, Dean kisses his slit, working his way down to the base. Castiel sinks his fingers into his hair, breath caught in his chest. “But you want,” Dean murmurs. For show, he flattens his tongue and licks, base to tip, feeling him swell. The scent of sex grows thicker; Dean paints his lips with it, refusing to lap away the precome painting his mouth. “Wanted me since the first time we met, huh?”
. Dean looks away, but Castiel taps his chin. Every touch from him—every look—has always been enough to send a fire through Dean, one he hasn't really considered until now, until Castiel sliced open a vein and told him to
That alone makes Dean walk, quicker than probably necessary. Stepping over the fallen tree, he wanders through the woods, his shadow dancing between the light streaming through the pines. No sound greets him other than branches snapping under his boots. The thought of cursed land crosses his mind, but every other place he’s visited with similar auras always had at least the inkling of something being alive there. Fear settles into his gut, growing in the distance he puts between himself and the Impala. If something were to attack him, he wouldn't be able to make it back.
Naomi shakes her head vehemently. “Lucifer has no interest in toying with humans or angels. And besides, Christopher backtracked as soon as I mentioned calling Lucifer for clarification.”
“I have to wonder if it really was a curse,” Castiel says after a while. Dean opens an eye, lips pulled into a thin line. “What?”
“Can’t say.” Cigarette between his teeth, Benny stands and stretches his arms over his head. Castiel marvels at the size of him, made purely of thick muscle and his arms covered from wrist to elbow in ink. “I could. Money’s good in Atlanta. Could start a family, get a nice house with a pool, eat something that ain’t deep fried. But nights like these?” He motions to the fireflies and the haunting wail of the train. “Ain’t gonna get that up there. All you hear on the news is shootings and robberies, people gettin’ killed drivin’ home. Wrecks, politicians, you name it. Just moves too fast.”
Turning his head, he spots Dean leaning against the porch railing, dressed in a gray, fraying robe and his hair matted to his head. Sunlight brightens his eyes, the dark circles finally easing.
Sheets rustle. Firm arms wrap around his neck, pulling Castiel into an awkward embrace, but one that he can’t help but return. Later, Dean will complain about the blood stains on his shirt, but for now, Castiel wrings the fabric in his fists, wishing desperately he could pull Dean up against him, could feel their hearts beat as one. “You’re gonna be okay, Cas,” Dean whispers, stroking through Castiel’s hair. “We’ll get some food in you and we can go from there, okay?”
Why indeed? “I noticed that you sleep easier if someone touches you,” Castiel answers, entirely the truth. Dean slept without incident last night, all because of Castiel’s proximity, and occasionally, Castiel toyed with the few strands curling behind Dean’s ear. Every time, Dean turned into him, chasing him in his sleep. “You never feel safe when you’re alone, but I watched you sleep last night, and I’ve never seen someone more relaxed.”
The despair, the anguish, all from watching Castiel die. Whatever Castiel said to him, Sam can’t begin to fathom, and Dean won’t tell him specifics, but whatever it was destroyed him, left him without closure.
Castiel stifles a groan at first touch, and Dean wouldn’t expect any less. Teasing, Dean traces his tongue up the veiny underside while Castiel shivers and tugs his hair by the root. The pain goes straight to Dean’s cock, tenting his briefs. Rutting against the sheets only alleviates the need somewhat, though it’s not nearly enough to get him off. This isn’t about him, anyway. This is about Castiel and the way he breathes, the way he pulls and scratches at Dean’s skin in an attempt to get him closer, where he wants Dean the most.
. “I know I’m not the best student, but I try. Last night was just a… a mistake.” He sniffles, wiping his nose. “You ever feel like your life is meaningless?”
And the room disappears. Rather than the humidity, all he feels is the cold, bitter chill of winter amid a sea of nothing. Blackness as far as he can see. His feet make no sound. He claps, once, and hears the echo reverberate for seconds at a time. Part of him wonders if it would go on forever, but he doesn't have time to find out. If he truly does have five minutes, then he needs to move.
To that, Castiel doesn’t know the answer. He can still feel his wings, but all of his angelic senses are muted, allowing him to touch the man before him and feel his warmth, feel just how hard his heart races beneath the skin. “Would it be so bad if I was?”
Nodding, Dean holds him tighter. “Wouldn't expect you to be. I just—You can’t tell me that hearing it back wouldn’t’ve made you happier?”
“Alastair is exceptionally powerful.” Pulling over the chair from the desk, Naomi sits, her hands on her knees. “Which is why we’ve discussed giving you a… temporary promotion.”
Another nod. Dean wipes his nose on the back of his hand. “It’s about eight hours there,” he says, throat thick. “You up for a drive? Or are you gonna just zap us?”
Reluctantly, Dean pulls away from Rowena’s embrace and looks at Castiel’s body, at the near-invisible rise and fall of his chest. Gently—more tender than Dean has ever seen her—Rowena takes one of Castiel’s hands and turns his palm. Her brow furrows, lips pursed in thought. “How did you find him again, dear?”
He could, and Dean would probably let him. But Dean is restless at best, unsure of what to do with himself now that the world is in his grasp. With him, though, Castiel has his anchor, forever tethered to wherever Dean wants to go. “It’s okay,” Castiel whispers above the sound of crashing waves. “It’s okay, Dean.”
At some point, someone forgot to lock the padlock. Lucky on their part—but also terrifying. “There’s gotta be rats in there,” Dean complains, wiping his hands on his pants. “Or raccoons, or a body. I mean, who just leaves a door unlocked?”
Castiel smiles, shy. “The demonic perception of Lucifer versus reality is almost polar opposites.” He extends a wing to Dean, and Dean strokes it, petting through the near-white feathers with ease. “Years ago, Lucifer abhorred the angels to the point of being willing to wage war, given the chance. Now, though, he’d rather spend his life on Earth causing his own brand of havoc, refusing to tip waitresses, or chastising hourly employees.”
, Dean’s mind supplies. He’s hallucinating. Angels can’t just waltz into Hell, and they most certainly don't visit souls in the middle of the night. Morning—whatever time it is. Time is irrelevant. But the angel touches him in reverence and eases the frantic pace of his heart. The first gentle touch he’s felt since before the hounds dragged him here—and Dean sobs, wishing it wasn't real. “Stop,” he bawls, but the angel refuses. “Stop, stop…”
“Could it’ve been an angel?” Dean asks. Fully, he expects Castiel to swing at him, or scowl for his blasphemy, but it’s a possibility. If demons can’t even leave a trace, then why not angels?
“Guess destroying the planet isn’t really in his cards?” Dean asks, and Castiel chuckles. The corners of his eyes wrinkle, hooded eyes going soft.
For most of the trip back to Sioux Falls, Dean leaves the windows down and the radio on almost as loud as it can go. Compared to last night, the weather is pleasant, all blue skies and chilly winds. The sun beats down, warming the interior and the leather seats. Considering the situation, it’s… comfortable, with Castiel at his side. The same Castiel who alternates between staring out the window and reading one of the paperbacks Dean keeps stashed in the trunk. Never making a sound, yet still vigilant at all hours.
Across their home, Sam and Eileen are asleep, and Dean is no doubt unconscious. Jack left later the following evening, the loss of his laughter ever-present.
Amid the noise, a group gathers of at least fifty people, all in various stages of undress with drinks in their hands as they scream out what Castiel supposes are lyrics. Thirty years old, and Castiel feels ancient sitting there, watching young adults and just-legals dance around a massive fire.
“Your suffering is over.” Castiel pulls him closer, just as a steady heat begins to build beneath his plating. Dean wants to burrow into him. “Do you trust me, Dean Winchester?”
For a long minute, Bobby doesn’t reply. Dean listens to the air conditioner in the corner instead, trying to calm down enough to open mouth without screaming. His ribs hurt. Bobby still has his pills. “You were there,” Bobby says, eventually. “Whole team knew you were there. It ain’t just a physical thing, son, it’s mental. Sam raced for you, and you helped him, whether you knew it or not. He spent damn near every day here when he wasn't at the track, him and Castiel.”
Whether he means existing or just touching him, Castiel doesn’t plan to do either. “Sleep,” Castiel whispers. He teases the hairs at Dean’s nape, feeling him soften. “I’ll be here in the morning.”
“I can’t go back,” Dean says through the tears. He struggles to comfort himself, incessantly rubbing his hands together until his palms burn. “I can’t race again, I can’t—I can’t even think about it.”
Something wakes Castiel in the middle of the night. Dean feels the shift in the air before Castiel moves, like someone sucked the life out of the room, replacing it with an existential dread that Dean knows all too well. One eye open, Dean watches the door only a few feet away, and feels Castiel slowly crawl out of bed, his weapon already in his hand. Figures that someone would get the jump on them in their underwear.
Alastair stops. Castiel takes his chances and kicks the door open and nearly off its hinges, only to find Dean face up on the floor, face bloodied and swollen, runes carved into his chest with Alastair straddling him. Castiel almost recoils at the sight of him, horns wrapped around his head like a crown, his skin mottled and flaking off in patches. Dean’s blood paints his face and hands, and even his teeth, where it drips from his fangs.
Dressed and sitting atop the hood of a Firebird, Dean huddles in the warmth of Castiel’s coat while Castiel stands between him and a pancaked stack of three cars. One second, Castiel sends up a prayer—the next, a woman flutters into existence with vibrant red hair and wearing a bright burgundy suit. She smiles, bright and a bit forced, like she’s never really smiled before.
Not that Dean expected any less, but it hurts all the same. The only two words he speaks, even hours after waking, is ‘thank you,’ after Dean offers him the only clean clothing he has left—his best suit, freshly dry cleaned and a size too small for Castiel. He only wears the button-down and the slacks, and perches on the couch in front of the bay window, looking out at the clearing.
His father slept hard enough that even if something crept in, they couldn't wake him. That was Dean’s job, to keep an eye out, to sacrifice his sanity to keep his family safe.
And he runs before he can even bother to finish his sentence. Sitting up, Dean wraps an arm around Castiel’s hip, pressing his nose into the meat of his shoulder. Castiel places a kiss in his hair, pulling Dean into a real hug, chest to chest, skin to skin. The warmest Dean has been in weeks, and the most at ease, like with Castiel here, a part of him can finally begin to heal.
“Anywho.” Benny snuffs out his cigarette in a jade-green ashtray, leaving it to smolder. “Got class tomorrow.”
“No.” One by one, Castiel kisses his knuckles, then his palm, like his kiss can heal. “I’d miss you, and your mother. Your friends would lament your loss, because you brought light into their lives with your presence. You care, even when you shouldn’t. Even when the world throws its worst at you, you persevere, and you love, and that’s why everyone is drawn to you. That’s why it makes it so hard to hate you, because you’re too easy to love.”
And a woman dressed in white. At first glance, she’s beautiful, her gown gliding effortlessly across the floor, her wrists pale and lithe. Emaciated. Her cheekbones sit high on her face, and her white eyes glare at him, pale lips turned into a scowl. Just as he remembered—seductive and deadly.
Shrugging, Sam picks free the bullets from the holy water and sets them atop a rag. “Yeah. I mean, she’s great and all, but it’s—It’s new. She’s also like, three-hundred years old—”
. But Castiel killed a demon for him, Castiel bears scars on his wings for him. And looking at him, Dean can’t find a trace of a lie in his eyes. “Yeah,” he says, then clears his throat. “Let me just… brush my teeth first.”
Castiel hooks his foot around Dean’s ankle, cutting him off. “Our meeting is purely happenstance. I didn’t go to the bonfire looking for you, Dean. Ash told me that there was a party and I had nothing else to do, and you came over to me.” He shakes his head. “I’m familiar with being attracted to straight men, but you’re not. I could see it when a woman kissed you, how your jaw tensed.”
. “She’s—I’m still trying to get over Jess,” he starts, palming his eyes. “I loved her, Dean, but one of my—I swear, she’s not even my professor, but she teaches European history. She’s a witch.”
Dean rakes his nails down Castiel’s spine, heaving a long, drawn-out sigh. “Probably a lot of reasons I don’t wanna think about right now,” he says, then moans. A beautiful sound—the most beautiful, in fact, all brought by Castiel’s touch. “Cas…”
Dean doesn’t speak. Part of Castiel wonders if he can, or if something from his past has robbed his voice. Rather than reply, Dean pulls out of Castiel’s hold and sits at his side. He bounces his cellphone against his knee, sucking in long, labored breaths through his mouth. Castiel glances down at the screen, at the darkened outline of a weather map with a large red splotch heading in the direction of Salina. An afternoon storm, probably, but Dean keeps his eyes on it, brightening the screen whenever it dims.
Castiel glances away, distant. “I guess we both have things we don’t want to discuss,” he murmurs. “He continually attempts to bribe me into giving up my education to benefit his own wallet. Though, he won’t admit to the latter. The implication has always been there.” Sighing, he turns his face into the bedding. “Whenever I fly home, he’ll continue to chase me, but if I stay here, he’ll harass me on the phone. I’m starting to think the only way to escape is to move to an island in the Maldives.”
He loves this part, the intimacy of it when it’s done leisurely, rather than a means to an end. Castiel explores him, and Dean knows what he sees. His fingers curl, experimental, and Dean gasps, knuckles blanching.
Night comes, and Dean can’t sleep, despite the ache in his temple. Not because in the other room, Castiel is sprawled out on the couch, or standing on the porch, or even wandering the sand.
It looks homey, with the light streaming through the window and the warmth of the sun bleeding through. Soft, Dean snores, kicking the sheets. Castiel crawls into bed with him, pulling Dean close with an arm around his stomach and the other tucked beneath his head. For a few minutes, he lies there, with his hand over Dean’s still-beating heart as he peppers kisses into his bare nape.
As much as Castiel doesn’t want to think about it, Dean is right. Whoever owned this blade died, but from what Castiel can tell, it was a long, long while ago. Long before Dean was born or even thought of. “I think the perpetrator is no longer with us, and hasn’t been for a long time,” Castiel says. Handing the blade over, he watches Dean slide it back into its slot, a hint of pride on his face. “Have you been thinking about any leads?”
Seconds from now, Dean will claw his way up from the earth and take his first breath. In a day, Castiel will reveal himself and look upon Dean’s flesh, and gaze at the marvel that he carried through the circles. The lone survivor of Hell, now Castiel’s charge. It should bring him joy, to see the plan coming to fruition.
Castiel shakes his head. He leans in, pressing a kiss to the corner of Dean’s lips. “You can have me,” he says. “As long as I can have you.”
“It’s not you,” Castiel whispers. Unfurling his wings, he places Dean into his breastplate and takes flight.
She disappears in a rush of feathers, scattering the dirt at their feet. In the dead of night, Dean knocks Castiel’s cheeks with the backs of his knuckles, tears wetting his skin. Castiel burns hot with shame. “Hey,” he says, soft. “Hey, Cas.”
John drinks. Always has, ever since Dean was old enough to know what alcohol was. The quantity, though, has skyrocketed over the years, from maybe a beer to day to a beer to start it off. How he manages to work perpetually drunk, Dean has no clue, but tonight must be bad, for Mary to call him. Their house—his former home—is five minutes from town, down a barren road lined with farmhouses and land dotted with pines and pecan trees.
“Oh, honey.” Martha pouts, then laughs. “You act like you have a choice. See, even your angel friend’s not gonna be able to save you when Alastair gets a hold of you.”
“I could’ve,” Castiel chuckles. He abandons Dean’s tattoo and fits his palm over Dean’s cheek again, where his skin burns hot. A tear spills over, falling into the crook of his thumb. “Why aren’t you in Kansas?”
“’m fine,” Dean lies. In reality, his stomach aches and he can barely see straight, and no amount of coddling or pills can stop the tears. “Ain’t the first time I’ve had to sleep in the car.”
“Easy, easy,” she soothes, helping him sit. The room spins. An inhuman sob rips its way free from his lungs. “It’s alright, handsome. You brought him back.”
Before Dean can do something drastic like touch Castiel’s ribs, someone knocks, shattering the space they’ve created. Pulling the covers back, Dean looks up to find Sam gawking at them, his eyes pointedly fixed on the other side of the bed—where Castiel lies, his hair rumpled and his eyes squinted against the light.
Lebanon is only two hours away. After two solid days of driving, Castiel expects the pain, but the blood is new. Weakness, he knows all too well, along with how his body functions and how long he can let himself run before he needs to rest. If he leaves now, he can make it back before lunch, where Dean has been waiting for days. Or, he may be gone, and Castiel will return to an empty home.
They come down gradually, Dean half-dressed and shivering, Castiel with his shirt rucked up and pants tight around his thighs. On one elbow, Dean leans up and kisses Castiel’s waiting mouth, and Castiel kisses back, still breathless and tasting of sin. Blue eyes blink at him, pupils blown and wide in wonder. “Dean,” Castiel starts—
With an exhale, Sam takes him by the shoulder, thumb pressed into his nape. “Promise me you’re not gonna do anything stupid,” Sam plead. “I thought you’d killed yourself, when I heard Jack show up. I’m scared I’m gonna wake up one morning and you won’t be here. I know you’re hurting, but you’ve gotta talk about it. You’ve gotta let me help.”
“C’mon.” Benny, Castiel presume,s takes him by the bicep and drags him toward the grill. He looks like a Benjamin, and speaks like a man lost in the swamp for a decade. “Dean’s got steak cooking, and my mama sent me a bottle of her prize-winning rub.”
The psychic is different, as well. Typically, he stumbles onto older white women looking to make a quick dollar from tourists. But she lives here, and probably has for years. Her accent reminds him of a woman he met as a kid in coastal South Carolina, while John was hunting a creature they could never find. Solid gold bangles stand out against her umber skin, clinking as she props her hands up on her hips. Dark eyes glare up at Sam, his brother well over a head taller than her.
“I’m saying that we can’t live underground for the rest of our lives.” Castiel looks over to the stairwell, then to the small string of windows at the very top of the wall, overgrown with weeds on the other side. “I’ve been thinking about it for the better part of a year, about what life would be like if we didn't have the world bearing down on our backs, if monsters weren’t out to murder us in our sleep. If we could do anything we wanted, where would we go?”
Hanging his head, Castiel stifles a laugh. “What I did today hasn’t been done in several thousand years, Dean. It takes a toll on even the strongest of angels. If I were to expose myself like that…” He blinks. “I don't think I’d survive.”
Hands on his knees, Bobby stands and crosses the three feet between them. He lays a hand on Dean’s shoulder, squeezing to the barest edge of pain. “He was there, Dean. Every damn night, he stayed in that room with you. In all of my years, I’ve never seen a man that broken, not even when the docs told him that he’d never walk again. For Christ’s sakes, he’s pulled you out of every fight you’ve ever been in, and that wreck? He was the first person on the track, and I never thought I’d get him out of the car.”
“I think,” Castiel says, curling his fingers into Dean’s palms, “that we’ve been given a second chance. Amara and God reconciled and gave you the chance to live out the rest of your days, and you took the opportunity to save me, even though I don’t deserve your kindness.”
For all of its charm, Frisco reminds Dean of a tourist town, with its street parking and spacious sidewalks and hundreds of out-of-towners wandering the streets. Though at seven in the morning, hardly anyone is loitering either inside or outside of the Log Cabin Café, save for a few locals wanting to snag breakfast before the crowds rush in.
Feathers. An idea crosses Castiel’s mind, but quickly he shoves it down. The sheer amount of feathers he would need would be more than he has, and he doesn't plan to strip his wings bare for a quilt. But he could use a few, just so that if he ever lost his wings, he could always know that a part of them still existed.
Swallowing, Dean smooths his hands along the steering wheel. “After he graduated high school, he got a scholarship to Stanford, out in California. We were all still hunting at the time, us and our dad, and he took off in the middle of the night. I didn’t see him again until a few years ago, when dad left and I’d run out of options.” He closes his eyes. “I haven’t had time to think about him, between Hell and running from demons, and it… It sucks. He’s my brother, and I’m terrified to see him again, or even talk to him.
But Dean ignores him and wraps a hand around his cock. Warm, yielding—Dean strokes him from tip to base, his grip slick and tight. On the upstroke, he squeezes the head, gathering up precome between his fingers; he smooths the foreskin back as he descends, and before long, Castiel’s hips chase him, flexing, mimicking what he’d do if Dean let him inside.
From the washing machine, Sam shakes his head. “I left it upstairs. Didn’t think I’d need it tonight.”
“I’m…” Inhale, exhale. Dean grips Castiel’s hand, tight enough to bruise. “I’m tired, man. Ain’t the first time I’ve thought about it, but it was… I saw a light. I was so close, but something kept me… I was ready. I’m tired of being such a… burden on everyone. On my mom, my dad, on… on you. Don’t wanna burden you.”
Castiel’s lips pull into a thin line, then soften, his eyelids fluttering shut. “I hadn’t found the right person,” he says, which—
But Naomi knows. Her lips pull into a thin line, brow furrowed. “I’ve always thought you were strange,” she says, flipping his hand over. A rush of Grace pours into his own, foreign and intoxicating. “You followed orders blindly, but you had doubts. You had questions none of us could answer. Maybe that’s in the beauty of it.” A small smile crosses her lips. “Very few of our kind have experienced true happiness, Castiel. True free will. Whatever your choice, I hope you don’t grow to regret it.”
The Impala’s keys burn a hole in his pocket. They should get in and head back to the safe house, but Castiel refuses to walk, and Dean doesn’t want to leave his orbit even for a second. Dean opens his mouth—but Castiel speaks first, shamefaced. “I should apologize,” he mutters. “You were only doing what you thought was best, and you didn't anticipate my survival. You’re right, if it meant that you had a chance to live, I would’ve done the same thing.”
The further he travels, the narrower the road becomes, until the asphalt runs out and the dirt takes over. Yet, his GPS keeps him pointed in this direction, despite the potholes and the sharp turns and the trees dangerously close to the road. Deer watch him from the tree line, their beady eyes following him as he slows to a crawl. Part of him wonders if anyone ever actually uses this road, or if his navigation conveniently forgot to tell him that he missed a turn.
Castiel looks up, his eyes closed as he tilts his face to the ceiling. “Your brother is in Montana,” he says. At least there’s that. Montana is three days away, at the most. “But you’re still far from ready.”
Across the living room, Castiel hears a door open. Setting his mug atop the sewing table, Sam helps him fold the quilt into a smaller square lump, and Castiel places it back in the closet, atop the large piece of fabric he plans to use for the back, and a box of batting. Hopefully by the end of the week, he can finish. And most importantly, he hopes Dean will appreciate the gesture.
“Just, humor me.” Dean rubs his eyes. “Point is… I’m trying to come to terms with this. If angels exist, then God is real. And if God is real, then he let us suffer for thousands of years, for what?”
“Yeah, I get it.” Really, Dean does. Castiel just experienced a traumatic event, and as much as Dean wants to hold him, Castiel needs his privacy, needs a space to grieve that isn’t bogged down in nearly forty years of touch starvation and daddy issues. One day, he’ll ask Castiel to share his bed—until then, he’ll wait. “What car do you want from the garage?”
The only problem is, Castiel doesn’t think he can. Not even a full day since he relinquished his Grace—willingly, this time—and the onslaught of emotions, of sensations and scents and feelings, bombard him at all hours. Disorienting doesn’t even cover it. Given the chance, and Castiel would spend the rest of his life in bed, cowering until his existence didn't feel like such a stain on the universe.
“Two years,” Dean says. Yet, his lips curl into a sad smile, like he knows something Castiel doesn’t. “In my… In my dreams, you’d always tell me what it is. It’s a tiger.” Lifting his shirt, he bares the orange-and-yellow body of a tiger, covering a gash long-since scarred over. “Vamps have knives now.”
Bobby shushes him, shaking him a bit. It may have worked when he was a kid, but he’s twenty-eight now, and absolutely lost for what to do next. Racing is his entire life, the only thing he knows how to do, ever since his father bought him his first go-kart and plowed a track into the field in their backyard. Every second of every day, John prepared him, kept him focused, gave him every opportunity he could so Dean could rise through the ranks. ARCA, trucks, minor league, the Cup Series—all of it, solely because of John’s connections and Dean’s skill.
“Just felt weird.” Dean shakes his head and pulls up a stool, setting it beside Castiel’s chair. “Sam’s coming in next week. He wants a pair of ravens on his shoulders.”
But Sam is just as stubborn. Always has been, especially behind the wheel of the car, and as they round into turn three, he makes his move and guns it, sliding past Adam with inches to spare. Adam bumps his rear the second he makes it through the turn, but Sam keeps it steady, probably white knuckling the steering wheel. Just watching him, Dean can’t breathe. He already knows the outcome, but watching the final lap of any race reminds him of why he stuck with racing in the first place, because of the excitement, the adrenaline of fighting for your life at the very last moment, and the rush once you cross the line with the checkered flag waving just ahead.
“Your father taught you how to tend to wounds,” Castiel ventures. Ducking his head, he waits until Dean meets his gaze. All Castiel sees is pain in his eyes, haunted from memories he’s never once spoke aloud. “Dean, what am I missing?”
Sighing, Dean turns into Castiel’s palm, reveling in his warmth, a touch he never thought he’d have again. “Haven’t even really checked it out,” he says with a quiet laugh. “I own this place and I’ve never even looked at it.”
She waves a hand at him. “We’ll start that Wednesday. Know you don’t remember it, but you used to be the same way. Every morning for that first month, you’d come in here and cry your eyes out, and you’d be fine by lunch.”
“That what you think?” Dean rolls onto his side, motioning the laptop to face him. Writing has never exactly been his forte, but as far as he knew, he wasn’t
“Jesus Christ,” Castiel swears. He stands with a grunt, sending the chair flying backwards and skittering into the wall. “After everything you’ve worked for, everything you've been through, you can’t quit just because of a wreck—”
Raking his fingers through his hair, Dean keeps his head bowed. “Cas says time works differently,” he says, distant to even himself. “A year here is a century there.”
“This is the room I was assigned to,” Castiel interrupts. Dean’s heart lurches. His roommate—the first guy he’s ever kissed is his
“But you’re not,” Castiel says. Dean looks down, his gaze to the wood under his bare feet. “What I told you, I wasn’t lying.”
The words Castiel both loves and hates, the fact that at any point, he has a home return to, a luxury that Dean can’t afford. Leaving means he may never see Dean again, but staying means he can’t openly have what he wants. Dean doesn’t deserve to be trapped like he was for so long. Dean deserves to leave Lyle, deserves to feel the sun on his face in another part of the country. Deserves to love who he wants without abandon, without shame.
“You won’t.” He isn’t that much of a masochist, and the one time he tried it without lube—his first time, actually—he regretted it for days. This is better, so much better, and the fact that it’s Castiel makes it worth it. “Trust me, nothing you do’s gonna hurt me, except just sitting on your ass. C’mon, I’ve fucked myself better than—”
With a snarl, the vampire tosses Dean to the ground. Castiel rushes over to him, just as one of the creatures lunges and latches onto his back, tearing into his coat; another attacks from the front and sinks its fangs into Castiel’s neck, tearing into his skin and ripping through veins. If Castiel were human, Dean would see the light drain from his eyes, would see him fall prone while the creatures devoured him.
“Yeah, well, big fucking deal.” Stripping the sheets off, Dean staggers out of bed, blind in the dark. “That’s what I’m best at, leaving. Shouldn't you be gone too?”
“Just—” Dean drops his head. Between them, he continues to palm Castiel’s dick, working him to hardness. “Didn’t happen often, but Alastair, he’d—If I wasn't loud enough, he’d—”
“It’s the simple things that bother people the most,” Castiel says. “I feel if Alastair would’ve presented you to him, Lucifer might’ve freed you. But at what cost? At that point, you would’ve been broken, and I fear that if you were brought back to your earthly body, you might’ve killed yourself the minute you woke.”
Rowena’s eyes flash purple as a bright jolt of something dark pulses into Castiel’s palms, pouring through his bloodstream before his Grace rallies. Thankfully, she pulls free before it can react. “I’ve seen many more cases of stigmata in my lifetime than I can count,” she says. Humming, she runs her thumb across Castiel’s forehead, over the pinpricks marring his skin. “This, fortunately, isn’t God-given.”
And all at once, he rips away. Castiel blinks, watching a tear spill from Dean’s eye. “Don’t,” Dean mutters, wobbling. He wipes his face, his eyes red-rimmed and wide. He won’t be able to hide the tears. Castiel wishes he would stay. “Don’t say anything, please—”
A voice flutters through Dean’s consciousness after a minute, harsh and foreign. It rings in his ears, reverberating across his eardrums. He fights the urge to cower. Instead, he clutches Castiel’s hand with tears stinging behind closed eyelids, and prays that he survives this.
Someone calls for a nurse—someone he’s known for over a decade, and the same person that looks at him now with incredibly blue eyes widened in an absolute state of panic. Before Dean can properly react, an entire team of nurses and a doctor rush in, several holding him down by his shoulders.
Dean waves a hand. “We can walk,” he says, then stands. Walking is probably the worst idea in the world, but he needs the exercise, and fresh air is more of a comfort now than it ever has been. “Think it’s a mile away, anyway. Now, if I find her, then you can zap us out of there.”
Only, Castiel’s limbs make it incredibly difficult for him to move. Somehow, he manages to extricate himself from Castiel’s tentacle-arms and crawl out of bed without making a sound. Cas, still asleep, drags Dean’s pillow into a crushing embrace that Dean practically feels in his spine. Who knew angels slept, nevermind tried to strangle people in their sleep.
Castiel’s eyes widen, darting up to meet Dean’s gaze. Maybe he’ll have to give Castiel the tour, after all.
Showering has become one of Castiel’s favorite activities. After weeks spent on the road and in the front seat of his truck, stepping under the warm spray has always made his efforts worth the pain.
Another minute. Then, a man emerges from behind a curtain, dressed in a black tank top and holey jeans. Ink decorates both of his arms from shoulder to wrist, and a silver hoop hangs from one earlobe. His face looks remarkably the same, his eyes the same vibrant green, his cheeks and jaw solid; a scar stretches across his right temple, silvered and faded. He pulls on a blue flannel shirt, hiding his skin—then stops, his face lifted and horror in his eyes.
Again, Castiel smacks him—and Dean yelps, scrambling for his sanity when Castiel shoves inside, two fingers buried to the hilt. He twitches and writhes, clamping down while Castiel mouths at a nipple, drawing it between his teeth until it peaks. His skin burns hot in an instant, the fans flamed as Castiel spreads him wide. When Castiel learned that, Dean can’t begin to imagine. A third finger distracts him, aching as Castiel curls them inward.
A creek runs through Lyle’s city center, not very wide at the banks, with water babbling over the smooth stones. Sitting along the edge, Castiel drips his toes in, relishing the cool water. Lyle apparently doesn’t have a public pool.
“Don’t pity me,” Castiel says. His voice shakes, just the slightest bit agitated. “Don’t lie to me.”
“People who don’t expect anyone to find it,” Castiel mentions, which, true. Bending over, he grabs the latch and yanks it up, ripping apart roots and sending dirt into the hole.
Dean did—the horrific, mangled mess of them, scorched and broken to the point where Dean still wonders how Castiel got the two of them out.
Tears well. Dean wipes them away, fighting back the wobble to his lip. Part of him wonders if John told everyone in Lyle what he suspected, and based on the looks everyone shot him in the months after, he probably did. But years have passed, and Dean lives with the fear, the paranoia of knowing that someone might hold a grudge and steal him from his bed in the middle of the night. He wonders if Castiel feels the same, if Castiel has ever felt that same fear.
But Dean shakes his head. “I wanted answers. I mean, you said it yourself, people who get these… things are supposed to be martyrs, or holy, or whatever, but I—I killed monsters. I didn’t believe in God, or angels, yet I’d go to the church across the street and fucking… beg, because I couldn’t stand the pain. Why me, y’know? Out of everyone, why’d it have to be me?”
“You’re you.” Dean lets him go, only to cradle Castiel’s cheek in his palm. Castiel shudders, turning into him. “I mean, wings are cool and all, but have you seen yourself behind the wheel of a car?” A quick smile flashes across Castiel’s face. Dean presses his thumb to the corner of Castiel’s lips. “Just ‘cause you can’t fly doesn’t mean anything. I can’t either, and I turned out fine.”
Objectively, Dean knows that Castiel was feeding a stray back in Lebanon. Multiple times over the last month, he noticed faint white and black hairs peppering Castiel’s clothes whenever he wrestled them away from him long enough to wash them, too short to be from a human. He caught Castiel once, out of the corner of his eye, feeding the creature, scooping whatever kibble he bought that week into one of the kitchen’s good bowls. But he never saw the cat—just knew that it existed, and that Castiel has a soft spot for it, even if he never let it inside.
He really is beautiful like this, the stress of finals no longer on his shoulders. His auburn hair is longer at the edges, curling and in need of a trim. Castiel longs to run his fingers through it, to twirl the edges while Dean leans into him, his eyes fluttering shut. A fantasy, one they almost entertained just days ago, but Dean panicked, and Castiel continues to wait for the right opportunity.
“I know.” Rather than kiss him in return, Castiel draws him into his arms, letting Dean sob into his shoulder without a sound. All the while, he whispers praises into Dean’s ear, stroking through his hair until the shudders subside, until Dean can breathe once again. “It’ll be okay.”
“See, there you go.” Dean grabs Castiel’s shirt from the counter and shoves it into his chest, his eyes pointedly aimed at the carpet. “Swear it ain’t a joke. Trust me, mom called a priest when we were kids, but he said that his spirit’s tied to something here. But he doesn’t hurt anyone, so we just…”
“And what happens after?” Dean asks. Lifting his head, Castiel wilts at the desperation on his face, the sudden loneliness that would drive the sanest person mad. The face of a man denied touch, denied affection for all of his years, only to now have it ripped out of his grasp. “If we find out who did it, are you gonna flit back up to the pearly gates?”
Dean pulls back, still pressed close, Castiel’s hands settled over his hips. Gentle, he thumbs away the wetness dotting Castiel’s eyelashes. “You still pissed?”
Martha sputters—flounders, really, panic-stricken in the face of Castiel’s blade. “I’m only doing what I’m told,” she says—then grabs Castiel’s wrist, attempting to yank the blade out of his hands.
“Yeah, well, tough shit.” Strapped to his boot is the knife Dean showed Castiel back in Pontiac. Given the chance, he can grab it and shove it in her neck. But of the few demons he’s encountered in the past, none of them were of Martha’s standing. Exorcisms worked in those cases, but this time, he doubts he’d even make a dent. “I’m topside now, so unless you’ve got a pack of dogs, I’m not going back down there.”
Sam laughs through his teeth. “Swear, you say one thing around him and he gets superstitious. Anyway, here, watch this.”
Castiel’s brow furrows, lips pulled into a thin line. “I normally wouldn't advise summoning demons unsupervised,” he says, then looks straight ahead, at the end of the pavement and the dirt crossroads beyond. “But as much as I don’t want to admit it, it does make sense.”
Sam leads him into his room—still as sparsely decorated as the Bunker, but with more life to it, with empty shelves and a television propped up on top of the dresser—and over to one of his two windows. Down below in the backyard sits a peanut-shaped pool, verging on green and swamped with pinecones and other debris. The concrete around the edges hasn’t been swept in ages, and at some point, the tarp over the cabana blew off, or rotted away.
, Castiel thinks. His eyes roll back as Dean slips in a third, spreading the three to stretch him wide. Absent, Castiel fumbles in the dim light to find Dean’s length and wraps his hand around it; Dean sighs in his ear, his breaths hitched. “Feel that?” Dean asks, sultry. “Gonna feel even better in you, Cas.”
Dean drives around town for a long while, a few miles per hour under the speed limit as they travel down long, narrow roads in the middle of nowhere. Fields pass by occasionally, dotted by crops just beginning to burst into bloom and others filled with horses. The radio plays, set to medium as it drones over the noise of the wind whipping through the windows. The sun burns Castiel’s right side, when they pull onto a straightaway, every bit as awful as it was when Charlie insisted they sit outside to eat.
“Trust me. I’ve heard some of the tapes that people send him. One of them was recorded on the toilet.”
Castiel comes to him during the second week of Dean’s stay, a heavy look in his eyes and a permanent slump to his shoulders. He’s tired, exhausted in a way that Dean feels the longer he sits in this bed, and Dean can’t do anything to help him.
The door opens a few feet away. Mary walks outside, and together, they help Dean up the last two steps and inside, out of the late summer heat and into the pleasant chill of his old home.
Castiel hums. Their elbows brush, cool fabric against sun-warmed skin. “I can stay in bed until you wake up,” he offers. Genuine and probably platonic, but Dean’s face burns, and not from the sun. “I wanted to give you space. You kicked me in your sleep.”
Again, he shouts Castiel’s name, sometimes abbreviated, more often than not with all three syllables. No one answers for what feels like hours, and the further Dean runs, the more he wonders if Anyika tricked him into falling into his own personal hell. “Cas, I don’t have fucking time for this,” he yells at the top of his lungs. “Show yourself, Castiel.”
“I have my blade,” Castiel says. Recognition flashes across Dean’s face, and a smile curls his lips. “How many do you think we’ll have to search?”
. “Not very long,” Dean says. “Just—think about it sometimes, what I’d do if I stopped racing. Can’t be an announcer, ‘cause I haven’t been around that long, and I can’t be a team owner or anything, who’s got that kinda money anymore? All I’m good at is driving.”
Dean feels sick. Not from the alcohol, but from listening to Castiel speak, from the confirmation that for the first time in his life, that he isn’t alone. That somewhere out there, in Georgia or Alabama or even Texas, there’s someone like him, trapped in the middle of nowhere with no way out, with no one to talk to. Charlie is the only person he felt comfortable to come out to, only because he knew she was the same. DragonCon is sacred, a place where they can let down the mask, if only for a few days.
Castiel calls out something that sounds like his name, but Dean ignores him. Ignores anything that isn’t the stairs under his feet. Upstairs, he stumbles his way into one of the few bedrooms and closes the door, refusing to touch the lock. Not yet. Because some part of him, some horribly sentimental part of him, wants Castiel to chase after him, to apologize, to… to
Where Dean’s uncle lives, apparently, is in the middle of a junkyard. Dean maneuvers the Impala under a wrought iron arch reading Singer Salvage Yard and through the carcasses of what used to be viable automobiles, most of them now stacked on top of each other, likely only used for parts. They park a few feet from a house in the middle of the grounds, an older Victorian home in desperate need of a coat of paint. The ceiling fan sags on the porch, and nearly all of the upstairs windows are boarded up.
, Dean thinks. Leaning in, he kisses the corner of Castiel’s lips, his heart threatening to break free from his chest—and this time, Castiel kisses him back, just a chaste press of lips against his own. Tears spring to his eyes anyway, spilling when he goes in for a second, then a third. Fingers thread through his hair, light, tentative. “Can’t believe you’re gonna make me walk around naked.”
It takes him what feels like hour to open his eyes, his body still spasming as Dean kisses his hips, his lower abdomen, the head of his length. Glancing down, Castiel watches Grace dribble from his cock, the mess of it glimmering on Dean’s face and his lips, where he refuses to lick it away. It’s a good look on him, even better than his flushed cheeks and the red heat spreading down to his navel.
The longer the week goes on, the quieter Castiel becomes. His original placid-but-chatty nature dulls to barely a nod, with rarely a word spoken. He spends his evenings on the porch, and most nights, Dean has to lead him back inside, out of the elements and into the sanctuary of their room. Castiel sleeps in late except for the days he has to teach, and comes back at odd hours of the night, smelling of the road and gasoline and fast food.
Dean unlocks the door and steps inside. The décor is… different, compared to the last few lodgings they’ve stayed in. There are green carpeted floors with green curtains, a recliner in the corner, an oak nightstand and dresser, and a large king-sized bed with pale yellow blankets and more than enough pillows. The bathroom features a nicely sized tub and a porcelain sink, and a mirror that takes up one entire wall. There, Castiel looks at himself while Dean unpacks, mattress springs creaking. He needs to shave, he thinks as he runs his hand over his jaw, or to will away the hair and the dirt clinging to him from the road. Removing his hat, Castiel runs his hands through his hair, the mass of it sticking up between his fingers.
Slow, Dean paddles, despite his brain’s apparent interest in just lying down and sleeping it off. Sam said he threw out all of the liquor. Sam lied, and Dean drank an entire bottle of bourbon before stumbling into the canoe. The next he knew, he woke in a church parking lot, staring at the steeple with tears in his eyes and smelling like he dove into the marsh. What he did in the interim is a mystery better left unsolved, so long as no one finds him in the morning and accuses him of desecrating headstones. At the most, he puked in a bush and passed out in front of decades-old concrete slabs. Nothing he hasn't done before.
“Cas,” Sam says, a bit winded. Castiel sits up in time for Sam to throw himself into his arms, and Dean wonders if Castiel’s wince is from a broken rib and not sadness. “I didn’t think Dean’d find you—”
, Dean thinks. Under the water, he touches Castiel’s foot with his own. “Hey, Sammy’s coming to live with us,” he says, to Castiel’s nod.
Slowly, looking just as exhausted as Dean feels, Castiel turns to face him, both legs pulled up onto the bed. “If a demon were to appear anywhere close to us, I would be able to locate them immediately. But it’s… quiet.”
. In Dean’s hand, Castiel’s cock spasms, precome painting his fingertips as he strokes up his length. All at once, Castiel’s arm gives out, and he falls, head hanging off the end of the mattress and his hand twisting the bedding. “Good, huh?” Dean asks as he pulls off, only to hear a rumble of complaint. Palming Castiel’s thighs, Dean props him open wider, nosing into the thatch of hair at the base of his cock. He smells incredible, reeking of musk and sex. “You ever been with a man, Cas?”
“Starting to think the world wants me to bleed today,” Dean says, thumping his head against the floor. Castiel shakes his head. “Next time, someone’s gonna get me in the throat.”
“Good.” Bobby leaves the room, brushing their shoulders on the way out. “I’d hate to have to kill you.”
With the last twenty in his pocket, he buys lunch and eats until the hunger fades and the need to pop the top button of his jeans takes over. “Can’t believe they dragged you all the way to Georgia,” Dean says after a while, chewing on the end of a straw. “You know how far that is from home?”
“This is our secret,” Castiel says, his eyes on Dean’s. “What I’m telling you can never leave your lips.”
One o’clock comes around, and Dean pulls over along the side of the road, parallel to a row of pines. Engine shuttered, the Impala blends into the night, all light extinguished save for the stars above. No moonlight, no electric glow of an oncoming town—nothing but the dark and each other’s company.
“Sounds like him,” Dean manages, just as Castiel picks up speed. Castiel rubs the head into his palm, and Dean bites his lip, struggling not to do something like
Castiel doesn’t push him to, and doesn’t even try. “I’m not going to pretend that I understand what you’re going through,” he says, quiet. “I won’t pretend I know your family history or what your childhood was like, but Dean.” He pulls back, cupping Dean’s cheek. “You are a better man than your father.”
On his way toward the stairs, Dean claps Castiel’s shoulder, barely a touch before he disappears, his presence marked only by the creak of wood under his feet. Castiel starts to follow him, but Bobby stops him. “You’re not here to hurt him, are you?” he asks from the table, half-seated. “Because I’m not exactly inclined to believe anything that ain’t human, but Dean trusts you, and that boy don’t trust easy.”
Eventually, Castiel sighs and closes his laptop, setting it atop the table. “I saw your friend take you home last night,” he says, which means—
“I could fuck you like this,” Castiel says, merely a suggestion, one Dean wants with all of his chest. “But I don’t want to hurt you.”
Sighing, Dean leans his head back against the porcelain, red splotches on his neck visible, vaguely resembling teeth marks. Castiel’s teeth, from the morning before. Pride fills him, seeing Dean wear them so proudly, without a care otherwise. “How’re they doing?” Dean asks, looking at him through one half-open eye. “After the whole…”
They probably should, along with whatever else the notebook says. Before they leave, Dean calls for Castiel to join them, and Castiel walks with Sonia at his heels, clamoring across the hardwoods with the grace of a drunken tap dancer. As much as she probably wants to, Dean doesn’t let her leave and closes the screen door, allowing her to watch them and scream at her leisure.
Castiel takes a moment to think, eventually ending up on a split-second memory from the weekend before, of a woman with her arm around Dean’s shoulders as she led him to a yellow car. The same yellow car he parked next to outside, with a Star Trek bumper sticker in the rear window.
“Martha,” Martha corrects him. “Call me Martha, child. And no, most people commit atrocities before they get sent to meet us. You look delicious, though.” She takes a step forward; Dean backs into Castiel, acutely aware of Castiel’s grip around his wrist. “Tell me, what is it—”
“We’re not to interfere with the dealings of humans,” Castiel says, his tone somber. “No matter how often you pray, we aren’t allowed to answer.”
Castiel looks over at the open passenger door, then Charlie starting the rattling engine of her Gremlin, and reaches over to close the door. Not that he has anything else to do today, anyway.
Whatever the reason, Castiel pushes it aside and stares out the window, at the passing fields and the end of rush hour traffic. Orange paints the sky as the afternoon dwindles, casting the trees and the horizon in a display that Dean has probably seen hundreds of times, but rarely paid attention to. Only on occasion has he spoken to Castiel, and Castiel hung on every word. Pulling off on the side of the road, Dean suddenly can’t keep his mouth shut.
Castiel shakes his head. “Because you deserve to live. They talked about giving you the extra years you spent in Hell back as well, but some felt that would be too much. Humans aren’t meant to live for two hundred years.”
“Is also why it was lost for so long,” she cuts him off. “You see,” she says, turning her attention to Dean, “for the longest time, the angels kept track of the birth of all Nephilims. Sires and dams, human counterparts, deaths and children, all of that. Your lineage, my child, is as Castiel suspected.”
“You’re right, I didn't.” Castiel kisses his eyelid. “You deserve good things, Dean. Even if it’s something as simple as this, it’s worth the effort if it’s for you.”
Fully, he expects Dean to leave, to turn around and join his friends by the fire. For a moment, Dean stands there, throat working and his features pinched—and Castiel has a brief second of clarity before he steps out of the way, just in time for Dean to retch in front of the Continental. “Dean,” Castiel hisses and rounds him. He presses a hand to the small of Dean’s back, the only comfort he can give while Dean vomits all of the alcohol he managed to stomach this evening.
Castiel pulls away, but not too far. A gentle hand comes up to cradle his face, and Dean leans into it, eyes fluttering closed. “I’m incredibly old,” Castiel says, soft as the rain. “I’ve been alive longer than your bloodline. I’ve lived with the sole purpose of loving humanity as God intended, but I was mindless. I had no purpose, no reason to exist, until…” A pause. “The moment I touched you, the moment I held your soul in my arms, I felt the epitome of love within you, and it did something to me that I never thought was possible.
“Is it about his father?” Castiel asks, lowering his voice. In the kitchen, plates clatter and forks rattle. “He never really mentions it.”
It’s so much different with him, Dean thinks. Women are all soft curves and lashes, tasting of lipstick and smelling of floral shampoo. Castiel smells like nothing but the day’s sweat, and his jaw is sharp, his hands broad where he urges Dean onto his back. Dean goes willingly, heat rushing through his veins as Castiel straddles a thigh, crowding him, keeping him close.
Years ago, Dean might have played along, if she were human. If she were human, they wouldn't be having this conversation, and Dean wouldn't be standing in the middle of a crossroads, but here he is. “We know something’s up,” Dean says, gathering up the last remaining bits of his courage. “People don’t go to Hell for no reason, lady—”
He doesn’t care. Meaning, someone else is torturing him, and he can’t remember how he was infected in the first place.
Rather than reply, Dean nods. “Don’t stop,” he says—begs, really, if Dean would let himself call it that.
Reluctantly, Castiel agrees. While Dean may need the rest, remaining stationary isn’t in their best interest, especially with the ashes of a demon scattered across the crossroads down the street. “You’re sure?” he asks. He catches the sadness in Dean’s eyes, the unsurety. “We could stay here for a few more days, if you’re not ready.”
Castiel shakes his head. “It’s not that. Can I?” He motions for Dean’s hand, and Dean lets him take it, shivering as Castiel thumbs the knuckle above his ring finger. “I love you, Dean. I’d tell you every day if I could, and I… I trust you with my life. I trust that you’ll take care of me, and I’ll do the same for you. But what I’m about to ask of you, I say with the utmost sincerity.”
As soon as he finishes, he hands Dean his phone—and all at once, Dean remembers, viscerally shoved back in the driver’s seat. The brakes failed—and Adam slammed on his, in an attempt to send Dean into a spin, only Dean slammed into him, and the chain reaction sent him hurdling into the fence, rotating as it tore apart the barbed wire barrier. He landed short of the finish on his hood, then bounced, landing upright. Engine bay ripped from the car, back end crumbled, the roof pancaked.
Dean steps out first, barely restraining his irritation as he slings the door open. The engine ticks; the passenger door opens, and Castiel’s loafers squish into the wet grass.
Dean gives her his order and Castiel asks for the big breakfast platter, and Monica leaves, her hips swaying like she has a shot with either of them. She might have years ago when Dean thought he was straight for five minutes.
“What’d he say?” Brushing his hair from his face, Sam gives him a look. The look Dean hates the most, when Sam wants him to spill his guts. Sad eyes, a pout—if only it didn't work.
“Yeah,” Dean rasps. How he’s supposed to reciprocate in a bathtub, though, is a skill he hasn’t exactly mastered. “You want me to suck you off, or—”
In fact, Castiel plays along. He lifts his hand, pressing his thumb to the corner of Dean’s lips. Dean kisses the pad, his breath shaking. “You can ask me,” Castiel says, low. “You won’t get extra credit, though.”
Castiel relates wholeheartedly. But he still longs to return to California, to fall asleep to the road noise and to live in the ever-present fear of the hills catching fire. This isn’t his home, not like Lyle is to Dean. But part of him wonders if Lyle has ever been Dean’s home, and if the front seat of the car might be of more comfort to him than the dorm or his parent’s house.
Castiel isn’t in their room when Dean returns later in the evening, despite his laptop and a wide array of textbooks strewn across his bed. Setting his bag down, Dean pulls the curtains closed against the afternoon light. Cool air envelops the room, cooling the sweat sticking to his skin as he sprawls out. His back twinges, exhaustion prickling the corner of his eyes.
Dean stops, his hand an inch from the doorknob. Not because he wants to, but because of Castiel’s tone, the remorse in his voice. “Will you just… listen to me, please?”
Confusion furrows Castiel’s brow, soon shifting to panic. His lips part—Dean touches them with his thumb, feeling the barest hint of Castiel’s tongue against the pad. “I can’t do this,” he says, and Dean’s heart sinks. “Dean, you have no idea how much I want this, but this—I don’t want to hide. If I have you, then I want you by my side.”
“You know what you’re doing?” Dean joshes, catching Castiel’s eye. Ignoring his cock, he reaches down to touch his rim, where Castiel’s fingers delve inside. A third joins, slick and warm. Loosely, Dean palms his cock, sucking in air while Castiel fucks him open wide. “Cas…”
He offers the card, and Shiloh takes it with enthusiasm. “Thanks, sir,” he mutters. “You said you were gonna record somethin’?”
, Castiel thinks. Another time when the temperatures in the afternoon aren’t enough to roast him alive. At some point, Dean sits up, slipping out of Castiel’s arms, and Castiel barely manages to hold back his whine before it’s out. A hand comes to rest in his hair, a reminder that Dean is still there, just—observing.
His heart skips—his stomach twists, wrenching a moan from his lungs. Without a single touch, and Castiel knows how to break him down and make him beg. “Fuck me,” Dean rasps.
“I said we would make a pact.” Leaning over, Castiel touches the middle of the handprint. Dean jerks away, the pain radiating through his arm. “We’re bound down to our atoms. If you’re ever in danger, I’ll be able to protect you, and vice versa.”
Castiel lingers close, a perpetual shadow as Dean lugs his duffel from the car. They file inside of room 27, the chill of the air conditioner pleasant compared to the burgeoning summer looming outside. Another month, and the hills will be sweltering—another month, and the world might cease to exist entirely. The one thing Dean doesn’t want to think about, the impending destruction of the universe.
Dean tastes like sadness, like adoration. Castiel swallows his tears, chasing them with every kiss. Heat bubbles just under his skin, but he ignores it, too enrapt with Dean’s touch, with his love as they sink, engulfed by the bed linens and the quilt. Later, Castiel will explain the significance of each patch and what his own means, and he’ll drag Dean into the shade of his wings until Sam wakes them.
Sighing, Castiel leans his head back. “You were in danger, and I didn't see another way out,” he rumbles, to Dean’s nod. “Are they normally that…”
“’s too bad,” Dean mumbles. He draws an arm around Castiel’s shoulders, eventually pulling him onto the other side of the mattress, away from his laptop. “You’re a great kisser.”
Castiel sheepishly apologizes and sets his hat in his lap. “It’s entirely possible then that somewhere in your line, that someone in your family birthed a halfling.”
Dean tries to speak. Tries to do anything other than scream as Castiel pours his Grace into the wound, repairing the gaping hole in his liver and everything in-between. He leaves behind a scar, strange considering every other place Castiel has healed in the past, but he’ll take a scar over being dead. Their hands come away bloody, but for now, Dean breathes easily, the room so much brighter than it was just seconds before.
All at once, Castiel’s touch vanishes. Blinking, Dean watches him shrug his trench coat off, letting it fall to the floor. Heat rises from his gut, spreading through his veins as Castiel strips out of his suit jacket, his tie coming loose with little effort. “Devour me,” Castiel says, an octave or two lower. His fingers slide down the front of his shirt, undoing the buttons one by one until the fabric falls away. He’s broad and warm, and Dean wants nothing more than to sink his teeth into his flesh. “Take what you need of me, and I’ll become yours.”
It feels like love, overflowing at the seams, threatening to burst from his chest. With a shaking hand, he rakes his nails through Castiel’s hair, too enrapt in the shared silence, in Castiel’s touch to kiss him back. A laugh bubbles free, and Castiel smiles at him, his eyes alight. “Stay,” Dean says—begs. “Just—stay.”
As if on cue, the woman—Tammy, apparently—steps off stage, taking with her two men about Dean’s age as she walks across the bar, her shirt still blessedly on. Dean, meanwhile, leaves without a word, his shoulders stiff, gait much too quick. He nearly trips over his feet, but catches himself before he makes a spectacle of himself.
The fall doesn’t happen gradually, but rather instantaneous, snapping Castiel awake and sending him from the abysmal quiet of his resting place to the navy-blue darkness of night. Stars pinprick the sky, twinkling and glittering like diamonds amid the water in his eyes. Blinking, Castiel wipes his face, his hand just as wet. The world smells of stagnant decay. He floats, no oxygen in the water to help him sink.
Anyika putters around the room, gathering up a collection of bones and powders. She sets them atop the table and sits in the opposite chair. For a while, she tinkers and sets what she needs in the bowl, then motions for Dean’s hand. “I suspect you’re not looking to contact a human.”
“I don’t wanna be a part of your study,” Dean says, low. He stabs his pancakes a little too roughly, rattling the plate. “But I’d—I wanna read it, when you’re done.”
Rowena runs—or, walks briskly, really—to meet Dean. He can’t stop walking, not now—not until he gets Castiel inside. “Walk, walk,” Dean says, automatic, and Rowena follows.
Bobby’s armory is nothing more than three storage lockers, all with industrial locks. Two of the less important ones, Dean knows the combinations by heart, but the other requires two keys, one Dean keeps on him, and the other from beneath the statue. Twisting both keys, the lock gives, and Dean pops it open, leaving it hanging on the latch. Inside, he finds a variety of shotguns and pistols, and several swords constructed of a variety of metals, for monsters that haven’t been seen in decades.
Sluggish, the wound to Castiel’s throat bleeds bright blue, beckoning for Dean to come closer. Dean ignores it and thumbs across Castiel’s lower lip, where it’s slicked with spit and swollen from repeated bites. Glancing down, he looks at the front of Castiel’s slacks, where the fabric tents. “Pot, kettle,” Dean laughs and touches him, palming up the length of his cock. Castiel’s eyelids flutter, his lip between his teeth. “You like that, huh?”
His body feels unexpectedly raw in the hours afterward, like Castiel has somehow reopened his wounds and forced them to heal. The silence doesn’t help any, but Castiel’s presence keeps him rooted, knowing that there’s someone within arm’s reach that he can touch. He doesn’t need to, but he
Sam nods and rubs his eyes. “Might take a while,” he sighs. As much as Dean hates to hear it, Sam is right. “Gotta see what we can sell first. We’re gonna have to pay the electric bill.”
Alastair laughs. “Oh, I think he is. See, he was mine first. I wanted him dead, because if I broke Dean, then I could offer him to Lucifer as a consolation. The progeny of one of his nemeses, for him to devour for the rest of eternity. And then, I’d be able to raise my legion and take what was rightfully ours.” His lips twist into a scowl. “But he wouldn’t break. No matter what I did, no matter how many times I desecrated this—this
“Yeah.” Lifting his arm, Dean embraces him, releasing a shivering breath. “Yeah, just… don’t tell me if it’s bad, okay?”
And Dean flips between windows, pulling up an application that bears a photo of Castiel next to the insignia for the FBI. Dean shoots him a grin, his smile reaching his eyes. “I made you a badge.”
To that, Dean shrugs and hides his face beneath Castiel’s chin. “You’d probably say we have a purpose,” he says, low. “But I don't… I got no idea, man. Sometimes things just happen.”
“Normally is,” Sam says. He offers Castiel a smile, probably willing down the hug Dean knows he wants to give. “Didn’t think I’d ever see you again, Cas.”
“Ah see, there’s been a predicament in Heaven, but it doesn’t concern either of you,” Iofiel says. “Here, take my hands, child.” She motions for Dean, the eyes in her palms still visible. Wary, Dean follows her orders, and relaxes once he feels them disappear. “She’s moderating a discussion between Michael and Lucifer. Annual talks, as you’re well aware. They’re meeting in a place called Wyoming.”
, the pressure doing all sorts of things to Dean’s libido, and Dean whines, his eyes rolling back. So unlike the dream, and so much better, because Castiel wants to do this. Nothing compels him, nothing tells him to bite until Dean stops breathing.
. After the fact, Dean never looked at it, but he remembers how it felt to touch him when Castiel finally let him, how he drew the needle through his flesh and knitted him back together. It healed up well, but it might as well be a nightmare.
Something silver catches his attention, gleaming when the sunlight hits it just right. Turning his eye, he spots a simple silver band, tarnished around the edges with a groove running down the center. It looks similar—on his finger, it feels so close to the ring he used to wear, the ring he bought with his first paycheck, from a diner in Tupelo that paid him for two weeks’ worth of dish duty before John whisked him away.
The mattress shifts; Castiel straddles Dean’s thigh, his cock bobbing between his legs, still as hard as ever. They could go again, depending on how this conversation goes. Castiel cradles his face, and Dean meets him for a kiss, so unlike all of the others, the lust replaced with something Dean doesn’t want to name yet. “I’m tired of waiting,” Castiel says, peppering kisses up Dean’s throat. “I’m tired of so many things, and I feel like I’m wasting time if I don't, as you’d say, get off my ass and do something about it.”
So far as Sam can tell, Dean is still asleep down there, with a fawn nudging his head and her mother gnawing on one of their hydrangeas. Mug to his lips, he drinks, willing the caffeine to give him the strength to drag Dean inside and prop him up by the toilet for the rest of the day. If only it wasn’t a common occurrence. If only this wasn’t the fifth night in a row.
The only map he can find in the entire station is a folding map of the entire state of Illinois. Walking outside with a bottle under his arm, Dean looks for any trace of a street sign or a landmark, but ultimately finds nothing. Nothing, save for a golden behemoth of a Cadillac, rusting under the station’s awning. Better than having to walk.
“You can.” Standing, Castiel tips Dean’s chin with the pad of his finger. Dean moves with him, eyes fluttering shut when Castiel drops a kiss to his lips. He tastes of coffee and salt from the stray tear falling into the crease of his nose. “Please, Dean.”
Dean shakes his head. He covers Castiel’s hand, threading his fingers between the gaps. “I hate you,” he says, his heart not in it. “You left me.”
The other room is closed off, the door shut off and the light extinguished for the evening. “Sam’s asleep,” Dean whispers, ushering Castiel into his own room. Castiel follows and stands aside while Dean closes the door with barely a click. “He’s staying for the month.”
Dean rushes in, as Castiel always anticipated, with his gun drawn, expecting the worst. Covering his face, Castiel watches Dean through the gaps in his fingers, still shouting when Dean drags him off the mattress and into his arms, gun tossed to the foot of the bed. Warm, calloused hands pry his own away, palms cupping his tear-stained cheeks. “Talk to me,” Dean says, an order laced as a suggestion. “Cas, you gotta talk.”
Castiel watches on, his head tilted and his eyes gleaming. Inexplicably, Dean wants to kiss him, to see if his lips are as soft as his skin, to see if his mouth tastes just as sweet.
Castiel pats his wrist, consciously attempting to keep his touch brief. Anyone could walk in at any time. Unfortunately, he knows the game as well. “This is the first time I’ve ever had to teach. Do you promise you won’t cry?”
Across the room, Castiel opens one eye, his iris wide in the dark. “Are you speaking hypothetically or metaphorically?”
“Yes.” Castiel takes his hands, threading their fingers together. Dean trembles but doesn’t move. Doesn’t complain, either, when blood seeps from Castiel’s wounds, dripping down his wrists, his forearms. “Dean, I’m…”
A smile spread across Dean’s lips, his teeth showing. “That’s what I wanna hear. Now, sit back, you’re gonna be here for a while.”
Yet, he can’t bring himself to climb out of the car. Parked on an empty two-lane street, Castiel looks out at the house the college afforded him, a five-bedroom colonial with a wrap-around porch and a fireplace in every bedroom, from the looks of it. A man sits in a rocking chair on the porch, and faintly, Castiel picks out the noise of a steel guitar playing over a speaker. The sun beats down, baking the grassy yard and the pines. Three cars sit in the driveway: a Dodge truck, a Mustang with a massive dent in the side door, and a behemoth of an older black Chevrolet.
All of the bodies, to Dean’s lament, have been moved to the closest city with a morgue, at least until the proper identifications can be made and the families can set up funeral services. “So all we’ve got is a hunch,” Dean says as he digs through the Impala’s trunk for his bag. Castiel stands watch, staring at the side of the Quality Inn, with its bright yellow walls and neon signage in the windows. Throwing his bag over his shoulder, Dean flashes him the room key. 210—second floor. “I’ve built cases off of less, but damn if it isn’t harder.”
“But you said there’s seals.” Setting his fork down, Dean props his elbows on the table. “Did they actually break it? Did they—”
. “Jack and I were reconstructing Heaven,” he says. Bold, he covers Dean’s hand with his own, weaving their fingers together. Dean sucks in a breath, but doesn’t pull away. “Chuck’s approach was… formulaic. Outdated. We thought afterlife should be a place to spend time with those you’ve lost, with the people you care about. We’ve… broken down the walls. Heaven is now what you make of it, is a place where you can truly be free.” He swallows, gripping Dean’s hand tighter. “I did it for you.”
The first cross-country trip in his newly rebuilt Impala, ready for whatever miles he can put on her.
The longer he waits, the tighter his stomach clenches, his lungs fighting for air he doesn’t need. His heart pounds in his chest, and his fingers ache to move, to fidget. Yet, he sits still, waiting for the inevitable moment that feels like it will never come. All of this has been for nothing. He drove all the way to Florida on a wild goose chase, hoping that he might stand in the presence of the man he admired for so long, the man he lost.
Through the open windows, spring’s warmth wafts in, drawing sweat to Dean’s nape. Castiel remains placid in the passenger seat, his hands steady in his lap as he watches the scenery pass by. They could fly, but Castiel refuses. Something about staying off the radar, about keeping the angels from smiting him for what he’s done. Instead, Dean drives and hopes the next town has gas or food.
“Wish I was a skier,” Dean comments as he sets his bag down by the foot of the bed. Castiel perches near the pillows, his hands in his lap. “You see all that stuff up there? Probably some poor sap’s wet dream.”
The corner of Castiel’s lips turn upward, just barely. “I’d be worried if you weren’t. Are you alright?”
“Colby, Kansas,” Dean starts. “Teenagers in town have been ‘mysteriously vanishing’ over the last couple weeks. Two were found dead at the airport, but locals swear they’ve been seeing the others in the fields, like some Children of the Corn shit.”
Maybe the good memories will outweigh all the bad that comes with it. Or, maybe Castiel is too much of an optimist. Yet, he can’t help but wonder, and try.
. “There’s—” is all he manages to get out before he springs off the bed in the vague direction of his duffel. He trips over his feet along the way, his hands shaking. He wrenches the lube from the side pocket and turns, just in time to see Castiel sprawl out on his back, inexplicably naked.
A smile works is way across Castiel’s lips. Such a good look on him, so different and new, and Dean would never want him any other way. “I’ll tell you later. I think this counts as marriage.”
Slowly, his vision returns, the golden glow of the candles visible through closed eyelids. Blinking, he settles into Castiel’s chest, his limbs little more than lead weights. Come puddles atop his stomach, his now-soft cock resting in the middle of it, spent for the evening. He reaches between his legs, where Castiel’s cock no longer splits him open, and sinks his fingers inside, chasing the warmth of his spend.
A gentle breeze blows, rustling the grassy yard and the wheat in the fields. Clouds gather on the horizon, their tops peaked high and white. Castiel pays them no mind and closes his eyes. The world is red beyond his eyelids, only darkening as the sun makes its way over the roof. At one point, Dean leaves and comes back empty handed, and scoots his chair closer, the wood creaking as he sits.
“Nah.” A brief spark lights Dean’s eyes, only to dim shortly after. He’s tired, in a way that Castiel has always been. “C’mon. Gotta lock up. Just… come home with me.”
“Oh, uh.” Dean plugs in the combination to the other two locks and pulls open the doors. He finds two angel blades in the last cabinet, one stained with rusted blood, the other broken in half. “He’s got a smelter in the shed. You know how to make bullets?”
“I know.” Dean rubs his eyes. As much as he wants to, he can’t, not until his mother is safe and John is dead and buried, whichever comes first. “I know, and I wanna, but it’s—I’ve never left Georgia. I’m broke and living off grants, and I’m… There’s this song, man. Just—”
“That’s what Sam said,” Dean says. He lifts Castiel’s feet and adjusts the towel. All of his wounds bleed slowly, a steady trickle that Dean can wipe away before the drops travel too far. “Stigmata aren’t real, right? I mean, people fake it enough. How many real cases have there been?”
“Are you sure?” Dean lowers his hand. His bones ache, and a headache burns behind his eyes. Castiel catches him before he can fall, slowly, lowering him to his knees. “Cas, that was—It’s too easy. That can’t be it—”
“Bobby told me you said you chewed him out,” Sam says. Apparently John Winchester Racing has a massive game of telephone going on when he’s not looking. “Just—talk to him, okay? Oh, and Bobby asked if you’re going to Vegas with us. Bus leaves at six in the morning.”
Regret, Castiel knows all too well, but never as strong as when a group of four men greet him with handshakes and shouts, and a particularly sweaty hug from a man with a full beard. Aside from his students, it’s the most interaction he’s had in days. Part of him wonders if the people here are always this friendly, or if they only tolerate him because he shares a room with Dean. Granted, anyone who can put up with Ash’s constant stream of music deserves a good hug at the end of the day.
“I know.” As subtly as possible, he nuzzles into Dean’s nape, disguising it as getting more comfortable. “You can rest, Dean.”
“I know,” Castiel rumbles. He closes the wound with a kiss and sits up, licking the last of Dean’s blood from his lips.
That same red flush reaches Dean’s eyes, where a tear spills over, dipping into the crease of his nose. Quickly, he wipes it away. “Course you’re my friend,” he says. A smile breaks free, looking all the bit pained. “Never said you weren’t.”
“I will.” Castiel’s hand slips to palm Dean’s nape, urging him in. “There’s nowhere that I’d rather be than here.”
“You could display it,” Castiel hums. Eyes half-lidded, he sidles closer, incredibly warm where they touch. “The bedroom facing the front porch would be perfect.”
Castiel shushes him, tipping Dean’s chin up with a finger. “You’re strong, Dean. Even if it’s not this year, you’re still young. You have the skill and the team behind you. You won’t fail.”
None of them, Dean wants to answer. Bobby drives off, leaving the reporters in the rearview. As soon as they make it out of the parking lot, he reaches over to palm Dean’s shoulder, squeezing him through his sweatshirt. A hasty purchase from gift shop, the only one they had in his size—the Daytona 500. “You’re good, son,” Bobby soothes, or at least tries. “You’re good now, we’re going back to the hotel.”
They should get up and leave—should do anything other than sit there laughing, but Dean can’t find it in himself to ruin the moment, to look anywhere other than the lake and his family at his side. Their home isn’t going anywhere, and the rest of the world can wait.
Slow, Castiel lets out a breath. “I feel strange,” he says. Forehead to Dean’s shoulder, he brings his arms around Dean’s waist. “My heart hurts.”
Another few seconds, and he pulls off, jerking Castiel’s cock until liquid teal spurts from the tip, dirtying Dean’s fingers. He laps it away while Castiel composes himself, his dick finally softening. Dean admires him for his stamina, among other things.
Something wicked crosses Castiel’s face, something Dean recognizes as… smug. “I may have killed the few that were running for us,” he says. “If your torturer was one of the slain, I’m not sure, but I think for the moment, you’re safe with me.”
Anyone else, and he might tell them to back off while they have the chance. Anyone else, and he might leave the room, or scream and fight. But Castiel coaxes him with little more than his touch, and allows Dean to rest with his back to Castiel’s chest. His heart beats through his shirt; Dean concentrates on the steady pulse while Castiel covers his eyes, his palm blocking out all traces of light. His other hand, he rests atop the gash marring Dean’s stomach, and the matching bruise to go with it.
An army descends with him, of Heaven’s greatest warriors, dressed in the finest regalia and armed for battle. Only, they barely make it past the gates, leaving Castiel and a few select others to barrel their way through the legions rising up to meet them. The further into the circles, the more wary Castiel grows of ever achieving his mission, and soon, the sounds of his counterparts dwindle, leaving him alone.
Fifteen miles from his burial site, Dean finds the Palamar Motel and Restaurant, tucked a few blocks away from the Vermilion River. Utterly unappealing from the road, the complex consists of two tan brick buildings, both two stories, with olive green trim around the windows and doors, and air conditioner units shoved into the walls. The last time the place has been a renovation was probably thirty years ago, if not longer. Further down the road sits a Ford dealership. Across the street, a train track, in case he needs to hitch a ride in the middle of the night.
Sam leaves him to get dressed, thankfully, whistling as he closes the door. With a towel around his waist, Dean brushes his hair out of his face and looks at himself in the mirror. Completely on accident, and a second later, he wishes he hadn’t. Bruises paint his entire torso in the shape of the steering wheel and the roll cage where he slammed into it, dyed in purples and greens. An incision sits in the middle of his chest, from where they fixed his lung and did whatever else they needed to do to help him live. No wonder he aches—he’s a walking nightmare.
Last week, Castiel tried his hand and burnt his way through an entire package before he gave up and threw the remnants outside for the birds. As far as he knows, Dean never found out, and Castiel would prefer to keep it that way.
Dean knows—has rationalized circles around it, and it still doesn't make him feel any better, even after hearing Sam parrot it back. “What I did, I’ll never forget. I can’t forgive myself for that, and if he ever does, I still can’t… I cut off an angel’s wings, man. That’s like, an automatic ticket downstairs.”
Castiel doesn’t smile, but fondness lights his eyes. “You’re incredibly young for an old man,” he says. He drops his hand from Dean’s shoulder, and Dean finds he misses Castiel’s touch, probably more than he should. “You’re safe now, Dean. Nothing’s coming for you anymore.”
These days, he and Dean don’t talk much to each other, mostly because the words won’t come. Not that Castiel doesn’t mind. The silence is easy, and the looks Dean gives him speak more than his lips ever could. For the first few days, they stay in the kitchen, drinking coffee at the dining table within an arm’s length of one another. A week in, and Dean decides to venture outside. Castiel follows him, his coat forgotten on the rack by the front door, and walks across the lawn, sand squeaking under his heels.
“God,” she says—then crumples, and Castiel helps her upright, holding her against his chest. Weak hands grapple with his shirt as she sobs, her body wracked with tremors. She must be strong, to love Dean so deeply, to care so thoroughly, that she would let a stranger hold her and whisper prayers into her ear.
“No you’re not.” Castiel turns over, leaning on an elbow. Dean looks at him after what feels like a century, lost in the blue of his eyes and the warmth of his touch when Castiel strokes across his cheek. Easy, giving him something to concentrate on that isn’t his racing heart. “You’re flighty, but I expect that. I know because at one point, I was too, but I was allowed to experiment and find my bearings.” He cups Dean’s cheek. “You’ve spent your life hiding that part of yourself, and you long to let people know, but when it comes down to it—”
Love comes in many forms, in varying frequencies. At one point, knowing that he loved Dean was enough, but touching him,
As soon as she vanishes, Dean slumps. Castiel catches him before he can fall to the floor, holding him up by his bicep. Dean gravitates toward him, his hands shaking at his sides, and Castiel wishes he could take Dean from here. But the store is vast, and getting out without Dean crying will be a feat. “Dean…”
A nod. Only bits and pieces, but he remembers sitting in a room with some of his classmates as they grew older, and how kind her words were, how different they were compared to their preacher. Love and acceptance and living through Christ’s example, rather than eternal damnation for those who didn't abide by God’s every word. Somewhere along the way, her words were drowned out and replaced by fear, a fear Dean has never been able to shake.
“You’re afraid,” Castiel whispers after he’s done, tracing the bruise. A red heat flushes Dean’s cheeks, his lips plush from kisses and the occasional bite. “You think after everything, I wouldn't want this body.”
Castiel swallows, steadying his breath. “It may take weeks,” he says, the only answer he can muster. Dean’s shoulders slump, his eyes fluttering shut. “It can be mended, Dean, but you have to trust me. You know I wouldn't lie to you, not about this.”
“I could heal you,” Castiel whispers after a while. Gentle, he traces his nails across Dean’s cheek, only to feel Dean pull back. “Dean…”
The tension of the universe drains away as sleep creeps in, dragging him under. He dreams of sunlight and meadows, and a hand in his, lips on his neck. In the morning, he wakes to muted darkness, the world narrowed down to the scant space between their bodies and the warmth trapped beneath the covers. Castiel sleeps, soundless as ever, and only stirs when Dean touches his face, afraid that the moment is another ploy.
Huh—interesting. “That could prove useful,” Castiel says, popping free the cylinder and setting it aside. “So long as you don’t succumb to the magic itself, it would be worth learning about wardings.”
Shoveling down his excuse for food, Dean throws back half of a water bottle and slams the door shut. From what he can see, no other buildings sit in the general area, aside from a toolshed to the right of the house. Branches litter the yard and the tree line from last night’s storm, and an entire pine sits sideways, blocking a walking path on the other side of the clearing. It’s a lead—an excuse to get moving. But his legs feel like lead, and his heart pounds, beating out a litany of ‘what ifs’ against his ribcage.
The gauze doesn’t hurt nearly as bad as he expected. Then again, any touch sets him off, whether it be clinical or otherwise. Castiel pads the brand with several pieces before instructing Dean to hold his arm out. Dean just goes along with it. If he could, he would do this himself, but Castiel is intent on helping him, and turning him away would probably be a sin in and of itself.
Knowing that Castiel is with him doesn’t abate his fear. If anything, it amplifies it, solely from the knowledge that if she wanted, Lilith could annihilate them both with a thought. But he’s made it this far, a few hundred feet below the surface and creeping into a room that probably shouldn't exist. Maybe she isn’t as homicidal as everyone has led him to believe.
Today, Castiel sits in his usual spot, pillowing his head in the nest of his arms. Idle, Dean pets his hair, soft and smelling strongly of generic motel shampoo. He doesn't look up, not for the first few minutes, and Dean lets him, buzzed on painkillers.
“That saves me from having to interrogate them myself,” Rowena chirps. “My methods are a bit more unorthodox, as you’ve seen.”
Dean nods, wringing his hands in his lap. He doesn’t have many friends in the first place, and he barely knows Castiel, but knowing that someone in town understands him gives him enough comfort that he might make it out after all. “Think we’re done with parties for the semester,” he mumbles. “You free Tuesday night?”
Desperately, Dean thinks back as far as he can. To the restaurant outside of Chicago, and the motel he booked for the night with Sam. They were supposed to head south in the morning, meet up with Bobby about a rogue vamp terrorizing the locals a few towns over. After that is fuzzy—something got the jump on them, broke through the barn wall and took Dean down with one hit. He never saw what hit him, and no one down there would tell him how he died, either.
Unfortunately, Castiel nods. “I’ll give you your space for the night. There’s… things I still have to work through, Dean, and I’m not—”
“Went on for two weeks,” Dean says. “Except mine didn't stop bleeding. It was just—constant, like someone turned on a faucet and ripped the handle off. Shit, man, I couldn't walk. I ended up stealing pads from the women’s restroom at a rest stop and stuffing them in my socks.”
“I see why,” Dean huffs. He runs his hands through his hair. “Think that’s fourth date material, that your family’s a bunch of fucking assholes.”
“Sammy.” Between them, Dean grabs Sam’s wrist. He doesn’t need to hear this—doesn’t want to think about what happened to him after the fact. “It’s okay. It’s over, I’m back. And you’re not gonna lose me again, you hear me?”
Glancing down, Castiel touches between his pecs, where dark hair grows across his chest, thin and peppered in gray. “I never paid attention to it,” he says, brow furrowed.
“’Cause I’m the vessel, right?” Looking up, Dean holds himself tighter. Chills race up his spine, his stomach sour. “And if I’m supposed to be Michael, then Sam’s—”
Dean laughs and takes the journal back. He grabs the motel pen from the desk before kneeing his way onto the bed, while Castiel lies back on the pillows, his hands folded over his stomach. Not exactly the pose he was expecting, but Dean goes along with it and puts pen to paper. Just a small section, maybe two inches tall at the most, but Dean frames Castiel on the bed and embellishes the details, highlighting a halo over his head and pitch-black wings spread out beneath him.
“It’s true.” Swinging his legs over the side of the seat, Castiel holds Dean’s face, his cheeks scalding. Dean blinks, his lashes wet. “Your hands are not the violent tools that you think them to be. They create, and they bring beauty to whatever you touch. This is proof.” He takes Dean’s bare hand and presses it over the koi; Dean swallows, glancing away. “Look, Dean.”
“No, it’s…” He lets out a breath, softening his shoulders. “Not gonna lie, I’ve thought about it a lot. Just didn’t think it’s something you’d want.”
He still has another few inches to go. The last time he did this was in a Phillips 66 bathroom with a man who insisted, and Dean learned on the spot how loosening up makes everything easier. Relaxing his throat, Dean allows Castiel in deeper, past the point of gagging. He pulls off after a few seconds to suck in a breath, then sinks again, building a rhythm that Castiel falls into effortlessly.
Castiel nods, the only thing he can think to do. The few times they’ve done this, Dean has normally been the one on his back, his eyes pinched shut like he can’t quite believe that it’s happening, or like he expects the worst. Here, Castiel can’t look away, caught up with how Dean handles himself, how he lines up and slides inside in one smooth glide. Castiel’s eyes roll back, his body instinctively clenching around the intrusion; Dean groans and pushes in that final inch, his elbows bracketing Castiel’s head. They kiss, sweet and loving and just like in all of Castiel’s fantasies, and Castiel touches his cheek, collecting a tear with his thumb.
“I wouldn’t advise it,” Castiel chuckles. What the other professors don’t know won’t hurt them, though.
“I had a dream this morning,” Dean says, kneeing his way onto the mattress. He sprawls out at Castiel’s side, their arms brushing.
He makes the few steps it takes to slide into the dormer. Castiel steps inside, and together, they sit facing one another, limbs tangled, knees and ankles and feet jammed into places they shouldn't be. Just because he can, he closes the curtains behind them, shrouding them in darkness, only accompanied by the rain outside and the chill in the air. Castiel shivers. Dean takes his hands, holding them between his knees.
“Years?” Dean blinks, that same red flush heating his face. Castiel decides he’ll never tire of it, for as long as he lives. “Cas, you could’ve—You could’ve said something. Anything, literally anything.”
The one thing that does help is Castiel’s presence. He and Sam take turns, and Dean appreciates both of their efforts, but Sam always wants to talk, and Castiel… doesn’t. For once, Dean thanks him for the silence, Castiel’s hand in his at all hours. Castiel looks him always with such adoration that Dean couldn't look away if he tried.
He used to come here for a few months as a child, before John demanded they switch to the congregation in town, where he knew the preacher and all of Mary’s family attended. Mary loved it here, and in a weird way, Dean did too, back before he understood what was being preached and how he fit into every damnable category. But he had friends here, and everyone knew his name and commented on his freckles and how much taller he had grown. He liked the attention, liked being treated as an equal, a luxury he can no longer afford.
Lilith opens her mouth—Dean stops her with a raised hand, focusing all his attention—all of his intentions—onto her. He understands now how Sam could be so addicted to the headrush, to something under his skin driving his movements. But Grace operates differently than blood—Grace encompasses him, robbing him of his sight, of his senses as it escapes through his palm. Lilith lets out a laugh, then a scream as she flinches and begins to cower, crumpling to the floor.
Maybe it’s not the Grace he craves after all—maybe it’s Castiel himself, and his lips whenever he kisses Dean’s temple, his hand whenever he soothes the mark with his palm. It feels like affection—it feels less like lust and more like something Dean can’t quite begin to name. Foreign, but familiar. A four-letter word that’s rarely ever left his lips. Too soon—but not soon enough.
Gradual hills turn to mountain peaks over the span of a few hundred miles, leading him down two-lane highways that wind their way up the range. Small towns come and go before the pines surround them in an endless slog. Dean wonders if this is a nightmare, if he’s driving in his sleep with no hope of making it to his destination. The next major highway is a few hours in any direction.
Soft, Castiel lets out a breath. His lashes come away wet as he opens his eyes. “When I fell years ago, I didn't have time to think about the loss. They were what defined me for so long, and then they vanished, and I was… I was happy, Dean. I finally had the chance to do anything I wanted on my terms, but things changed. I had to take on someone else’s Grace, and by the time I recovered my own, my wings were damaged beyond repair.” Gentle, Castiel touches Dean’s wrist, so much softer than Dean ever imagined. “Wings are what make us angels. Without them, what are we?”
Castiel sits up and shows Dean his fingers, all of them covered by multiple Band-Aids. They should be healed by now, but at the time, it was easier to protect himself from pricking himself again. “I had help.” He nudges Dean’s shoulder. “Most of these were from some of the people we knew in Lebanon. A few”—he stops to pet over the centermost patch, adorned with a tan button at the center, from the lowermost button of his coat—“are mine.”
“Well, finders keepers.” Dean hands Sam the box and continues rifling through, ignoring Sonia’s teeth nipping his scalp as she cleans his hair. “You think he’s got anything we can sell?”
It’s an idea, one he’ll entertain in the morning when he’s more conscious. As it is, Dean can barely keep his eyes open, and showering is the last thing on his mind. “Stay with me,” he mumbles, blinking lazily. Castiel nods, sliding an arm around Dean’s waist. The tail of his coat just barely covers Dean’s ankles.
“I can tamper my desire,” Castiel says. Grace spills down his chin, and Dean laps it away, licking a strip up his throat and back to his lips. “You know you don’t have to wait for me.”
. Part of him still expects the Shadow to emerge from the depths and take him once again, or for Chuck to come back at full power and smite him just for the hell of it.
He sniffles. “I wanted to tell you. Wanted to say that I’m glad you’re home, that you wanted to stay with us, but I couldn't… I didn’t think you’d stay. ‘Cause that’s all I’ve ever wanted is to have you here, and it’s like the world kept tearing us apart.” Castiel’s arms come up, drawing him into an embrace. Dean shudders and falls into him, his muscles protesting but his heart full. “I want you here, Cas. With me, always. Please, just… Please stay.”
“What—” Dean starts, then drops his hands. He takes a step back, one, then two, until his back hits the wall. Last night’s words dance through his head, the meaning slowly piecing itself together, until Dean finally understands. What he’s wanted all along, and what he thought Castiel didn't feel in return. What Castiel wants is—“Why do you think you can’t have that?”
“Yeah.” Sam hands over a few of the sand dollars and pats his pockets. “I got a couple more, if you want them. If not, I can throw them back—”
“And guns.” For emphasis, Castiel pulls the Colt from his pocket, along with a kit full of screwdrivers of varying sizes. “They might prove effective in the future as well, but this is our best chance at the moment.”
“You kissed me first,” Castiel says. He smiles with such affection in his eyes, and Dean could drown in it, could get swept up in the tide and wash into the currents. “It’s been a while, I know, but I’d… I don’t want to impose—”
Dean leaves the hospital the next day, sunglasses over his eyes and his crew chief at his front, keeping him out of sight of any of the photographers swarming the front of Halifax Medical Center. He can barely walk, held up purely by his hand to Bobby’s shoulder, and the minute he slides into the passenger seat of Bobby’s truck, he bursts into tears. His perpetual state ever since he woke up, but now even more so, with a crowd surrounding him, shouting questions through the windows.
Dean opens his eyes somewhat, worrying his lip between his teeth. A scar splits his lip, from an incident Castiel doesn’t remember. “Last year,” he starts, “I got a tattoo, right here.” He places their hands atop a spot near his hip. “What is it?”
“Okay, okay.” Benny blessedly cuts him off, rising to his feet. Seated, Benny is a behemoth to look at, all broad shoulders and thick biceps. If he wanted, he could smash the wine bottle over Crowley’s head, and Castiel would let him. “I think we’ve had enough, lightweight. Ain’t exactly dinner conversation.”
But here, the vision speaks to him, calling him. Its words grow more frantic, until all at once, it flickers out of sight, and Dean wakes up gasping in the daylight. Sun pours through the windows, and the last of the rain trickles through the downspouts, pattering off the tin porch roof. His head throbs, his wrist even worse.
The cure to all ailments, apparently, is Dean’s cooking. Or, at least the physical ones. Castiel waits for what feels like an eternity before Dean turns off the stove and removes a tray from the oven. The smell of sausage and gravy wafts through the room, and Castiel’s stomach growls traitorously, earning a laugh from Dean.
. Dean opens his mouth, but Bobby shakes his head, eyes half-lidded and solemn. “You should rest,” he says, heading for the door. “Order room service. Room’s comped for the rest of the week.”
And Dean kissed him in a moment of weakness, something he never thought he’d ever do with another man. Guilt sours in his gut, an entirely different kind of fear beginning to fester.
him. “You shouldn’t like me,” Castiel starts, his words barely audible. “You shouldn't confide in me like you do, Dean. All I’ve ever done is hurt you, and yet, you’re still here.”
“Dude.” Dean lifts his head, looking Castiel in the eye. “You’re my best friend, but that’s not why I asked. I wanted to…” He worries his lip. “I wanted you to meet my mom. I wanted you to see where I grew up, and I… I wanted to ask you out.”
This part, Castiel hasn’t thought about. Given a few more weeks, and he might come up with a solid plan, but at the moment, the most he can come up with is, “I have a house in Glendale.”
“Cas.” Dean takes both of his hands, squeezing them tight. “I’m not gonna pretend I know what stigmata mean, alright? But whatever this is, whatever’s happening to you, Chuck isn’t the one doing it.”
Together, he and Sam yank open the joined flaps to reveal—boxes. Multiple small boxes with nearly illegible writing on the sides. Underneath, Dean finds leather bound books about an inch thick, each with dates and types of coinage. “Dude,” he says, yanking one of the boxes open. Inside are several two-by-two cardboard squares surrounding vintage quarters and nickels. “Jackpot.”
The road gives him time to think. Time to concentrate on where to put his hands, how hard to press the accelerator, when to slam the brake. Under the cover of night, Dean watches the street lamps illuminate the horizon, one placed every few hundred feet, giving the illusion of safety. This far out, if the Impala broke down, he wouldn’t be able to flag anyone down until daylight, and if he were lucky, he might survive without being picked off by whatever lurks in the woods.
Castiel falters, his eyelids flutter. “I wanted to be here,” he mumbles, then gasps when Dean sucks a mark to his Adam’s apple. “I wanted a home.”
Dean chews his lip for a moment, his eyes growing distant as he thinks. Castiel longs to touch him, but noises begin to gather in the hall as students leave their classrooms. Vigilant, Dean backs away, but not before giving Castiel a quick nod. “I’ll come up with something,” he says.
“Dean,” Sam blurts, catching Dean’s attention. Looking up, Dean stops chewing and waits, his stomach unsure of whether to bottom out or lurch up his throat. “We’re going down to the beach, you in?”
—opening his eyes. Castiel looks down at him, pupils blown wide in the lamplight, a heavy flush painting his cheeks bright red. “You gonna fuck me, or are we gonna make out all day?”
“Yeah,” Dean mutters. More than alright, but next weekend is far away. Speaking of—“Hey, you wanna come with me to Atlanta?” He sits up, mindful of his cock as it tents the front of his pants. Castiel doesn’t pay it any attention, unfortunately. “Me and Charlie are going to this sci-fi con—”
“I mean, I kinda wanna know.” On quick feet, Shiloh comes over to sit a few inches from Castiel’s shoes. “I kissed a boy last week.”
Two sets of footsteps greet him after a long few minutes. Rather than looking around to see just who it is, Dean stares straight ahead, hands in his lap and toes cold. Someone kicks off their shoes and sit at his side. The other sidles close, leaving a kiss to Dean’s nape before he settles into the spot to his left. How three grown men can fit on a dock barely made for one, he has no clue, but they manage it, jostled limbs and all.
That, Castiel doesn't know. “You’ll probably suppress it,” he says. “I can’t take your memories from you. All I can do is return you to your body. I’ll meet you in the coming days.”
“Would you believe me if I said I came back for you?” Castiel asks. Dean’s cheeks flush, bright red in the lamplight. “I’m afraid my search is nothing but a dead end. I’ve spent too long on the road, Dean, and I’m… I’m tired of this wild goose chase. I’d much rather be here than anywhere else.”
He pets over the topmost of his wounds, a gouge from a claw that ripped straight into his gallbladder. His back bore less of the assault, but that one punctured through his ribs and exited out of the back, severing his spine. The lowermost of the wounds dips below the waistband of his briefs, most of the damage being dealt to his core. In a few years, the sunlight might help to fade the worst of the scars, but those are years Dean will have to look at himself every day and remember, and Castiel can’t do anything to help.
Instead, Castiel waits until Dean faces him, and draws him into an embrace, his arms around Dean’s neck. In turn, Dean buries his face into Castiel’s throat, hands gripping the back of his coat, tight enough to wrinkle the fabric. He cries, silent, and Castiel shushes him, longing to ease the shake in his shoulders, the sadness in his soul. “It’s okay,” Castiel soothes, stroking through Dean’s hair. Longer now, curling behind his ears. “It’s okay, Dean.”
Waking him would be ill-advised. Instead, Castiel drapes the quilt over Dean’s prone form and worms his way beneath the sheets, pressed up against the warm expanse of Dean’s bare back. Dean stirs, just barely. “Sleeping,” he mumbles.
Dean may never have gotten what he wanted, but neither has Castiel. And now, here, with Dean up against him, with Dean’s love pouring into him purely from touch alone, Castiel has what he desires, and somehow, even more.
“I know, man.” Gentle, Dean pets through his hair. “You gotta get some sleep. We’ll go out for burgers later, talk about it then.”
Dean nods and disentangles himself, falling flat on the mattress. Immediately, Castiel misses his warmth, his body, his Grace demanding him to touch Dean again, to never let him go. Shy eyes look to him, appraising. “It involve getting naked?”
Dean worms his way between his knees, kneeling in the plastic tub. Elbows atop the chair arms, he watches Castiel watch him in turn, a hesitant hand coming up to frame his cheek. None of their neighbors can see them here, and even if someone were to come home, he would hear doors slamming before anyone found him. Which gives him an idea, spurred by Castiel pressing his thumb to Dean’s lip, slipping into his mouth with ease. Experimental, Dean closes his lips around the digit, relishing in the weight on his tongue.
“No,” Dean snaps, then backtracks. “Look, I’m—If there’s even a chance that he’s out here, then I’m gonna find him. Like hell am I gonna leave him out here to die.”
“Awesome,” Dean laughs. His lips taste of sweat, and love drips from his tongue, more intoxicating than even the most potent of spirits. “Really fucking good, Cas.”
“Lucifer’s vessel, yes.” A breath. “God intends for you to slay your own brother in order to ensure paradise on earth.”
“Hey,” Dean croaks, then clears his throat. Castiel looks up, lowering his arms. He shouldn't. He really shouldn't, but Castiel is flesh and blood and only a few feet away, and Dean has a craving, one he’s never been able to fulfill. “Can you just—come here?”
Finding a case, apparently, isn’t that difficult. According to Dean, the newspapers mostly feature local articles that lean more toward community help and obituaries, while the internet proves more fruitful. Sprawled out on the mattress, Dean clicks around on the keyboard while he bites his thumbnail, green eyes lit blue by the screen. Castiel watches him from the table in the corner while Dean swings his feet in the air, focusing purely on his work. He’s an entirely different man than Castiel knew just days before, when Dean was terrified and lost. Now, he has a purpose, something to take his mind off the rest of the world.
“Of course.” Pulling back, Castiel presses a feather-light kiss to Dean’s temple. Dean whines a noise of embarrassment. “I’d rather be here than anywhere else.”
Probably—but this already feels nice, with Dean around him, touching him, their connection carnal and at the same time, reverent. Slow, he strokes up the hard rise of Dean’s length while Dean teases him open, mouthing up his throat. Eventually, Dean pulls them free, and Castiel sighs from the loss. Dean soothes him with a kiss before settling between his legs, pulling Castiel’s hips up into his lap. “You still good?”
“Yeah, like.” Crawling off the bed—or falling, rather—Dean fishes through his duffel to find his father’s journal, previously tucked in the spare tire compartment in the trunk. The only safe hiding spot when he isn’t close to a motel, and it survived sitting in the elements for a year. “My dad wrote down everything about monsters in here, about hunts he went on, stuff about me and Sam. I’ve been trying to finish it out, but… There’s a page in here for angels, but he never wrote anything.”
All Castiel hears is white noise, the sword his only thought. “Where did you find that?” he asks and reaches for it, pulling it from its strap.
Castiel shakes his head. “I don’t know. It could just be a medical miracle, or divine intervention, but… I’m glad that you’re here.”
Dean would laugh, if this were ten years ago, when he was a cocky eighteen-year-old with nothing to lose. But through all of his career, through all of the crashes and near-misses, he somehow managed to stay out of the infield care center, and never spent a minute in an ambulance. Until now. And he can’t remember a second of it. “Cas,” he croaks and wipes his eyes. The IV in his elbow tugs. No wonder he can’t feel any pain. “Cas, you gotta tell me, ‘cause I’m really freaked out right now, and I can’t remember anything.”
Low, Dean hums. A large wave rushes up behind Sam, and Dean ducks just in time to miss it; it drags Sam down, and Dean pulls him back up, sputtering water along the way. “You wanna move this inside?” Dean asks with a laugh.
“I mean, my brakes are fucking done!” Dean shouts. If he keeps his feet off the pedals, he can maybe make it into fourth or fifth place, given the gap he has between himself and the rest of the field. Only a few hundred feet left. He can make it, can already see the checkered flag waving.
Dean closes his eyes, a tear slipping free. Castiel kisses it away, tasting the salt on his tongue. “You didn’t have to make me a quilt to tell me that,” he says, his laugh falling flat.
. Castiel’s hips stutter, his rhythm gaining momentum until a final burst of Grace flashes, bright in the dark of the room. The cord snaps, and sparks dance across Dean’s vision, the candles extinguishing.
“Stupid, yeah.” Dean palms his eyes and heaves out a breath. “But it’s better than putting it off. I just… I want it over with, man. I’m stressed and I’m tired, and I want this… this weight off my back. I wanna be able to just sit here and not wonder if someone’s gonna stab me in the back.” Leaning his head back, he blinks up at the porch ceiling. “I’m tired, Cas.”
“I hate her,” Dean whispers, barely audible over the voices emanating from across the building. “I hate Michael, and her, and his whole… Everyone.” Sighing, he drops his forehead to Castiel’s shoulder. Castiel pats between his shoulder blades, rubbing circles there. “I hate this town.”
But maybe, just maybe, he can replace that memory with a new one, one where someone loves him, and where Castiel is loved in return.
Dean nods and falls onto his side. Castiel draws an arm around him, ignoring the mess painting his thighs in favor of Dean’s knee between them. “Yeah,” he mumbles, tucking his face beneath Castiel’s chin. “Feel like I can breathe again.”
Eventually, Castiel leads her to the seating area and gathers up a few tissues from the box in the corner. She dries her eyes and wrings the tissues in her fist, her mouth working around the words she longs to say. “I need a divorce lawyer,” Mrs. Winchester says with a laugh. “I swear to God, this is the last straw. John just—My sister-in-law called and started filling his head, and he just started drinking and yelling, and I—I called Dean, because I didn’t know what else to do. The cops stopped coming because he never hit me, but he just—” A breath, deep and ragged. “He just started… Dean tried to stop him, but John just kept hitting him, and I called Mr. Clark to run over.
Switching off the burner, Dean turns his back to grab three plates from the cabinet. The toaster pops just in time, and he grabs all four slices of toast before heading back to the stove. Sam watches him load up the plates with bacon and sausage and scrambled eggs, all things they shouldn't be eating at their age, but until he can make it to the grocery store today, it’s all he has. Sam may claim to eat healthy, but that all flies out the window as soon as Dean gets his hands on a spatula, always has.
“So you guys do fuck humans.” Dean turns his head, grappling for Castiel’s hand. Heat rushes to his cheeks as he threads their fingers together, even hotter when Castiel holds him in return. “Why haven’t you?”
If Castiel’s cock felt great in his ass, then his mouth is even better. Dean can smell the musk on him, even after a shower and a quick fuck against the tiled wall. His knees in the carpet, Dean clings to Castiel’s hips and works his cock in a lazy rhythm, alternating between mouthing at the head and taking Castiel to the back of his throat. That, Castiel likes, probably too much.
Dean swings a leg over Castiel’s thighs and straddles him, watching as Castiel squirms in an attempt to escape. He holds him down by his biceps, keeping him pinned. Red heats Castiel’s cheeks, spreading down his neck and beneath his shirt collar.
. There’s still monsters left, and people are still dying—but selfish as it is, Dean wants to wake up with the sun in his eyes and a warm body close by, wants to sit on his porch in the summer or relax by the lake. Wants to teach Castiel how to fish, just to see if he likes it. And none of those things are available in Kansas without making the effort.
Castiel takes a long drink before placing his mug between his thighs. “One of my interviewees cancelled,” he says, rubbing his face. “Her mother was incarcerated recently and she’s afraid that her father might find out. I told her we could reschedule for a later date, but she declined and asked me to remove her from the study.”
“No.” But that’s an idea, one Dean will store away for another day. “He just… I didn’t think he was real. I asked him what tattoos I had, and he didn’t know. Of course he wouldn't know, he was dead until five minutes before that, so it’s… I know it’s him.”
Of course Dean has seen—Rowena sicced Castiel on him over a year ago, and nearly killed him in the process. “You know what they mean? The…” He waves at Castiel’s hand.
. “I’m sure you can come up with something,” he leers, draping his arms over Castiel’s shoulders. Castiel grips his waist, burying his face in Dean’s neck. Gentle lips kiss a trail up his throat, then settle below his ear, where he sucks a mark. A shudder rips up Dean’s spine, a moan pouring from his lips. “Cas…”
“You’re tellin’ me.” Dean shoves his hands in his pockets, biting his lip. “Never exactly learned how to cope in a way that didn't involve alcohol or pills or…”
In Castiel’s shadow, Dean sinks into the pool until the water covers his knees. With sweating hands, he palms into the hem of Castiel’s swim trunks, chasing his skin and the hair dusting his thighs. A slight bulge tents them off to the side, and Dean can feel the heat radiating off him through the fabric, his mouth watering with the notion of what Castiel is offering.
“Cas…” Dean somehow manages to scoot closer, their knees brushing. An arm wraps around his neck, and Castiel takes the opportunity to fall into his embrace, digging his fingers into the back of Dean’s shirt. “Ain’t gonna say it doesn’t hurt, but your heart’s always been in the right place.” Warm breath meets Castiel’s neck, and faintly, he feels Dean’s lips brush against his skin. “Think you’re the only one that’s ever made mistakes?”
“Two days,” Castiel says. He leans back in his seat, holding Dean’s phone in his lap. “Maybe one, if you didn't sleep.”
. “The cure won’t be instantaneous, much as I think we’d both prefer it to be. It’ll take days, maybe even weeks, and we can’t do it all at once. Think of your soul as glass.” He presses his palm to the space over Dean’s heart, feeling it beat a slow, even rhythm. “It’s shattered, but with the right material, it can be mended. You’ll still bear the scars, and it’ll be fragile around the cracks, but it’ll be whole again. You’ll be able to feel it, much like you do now.”
Dean shakes his head. “Vamps are human. Those were… I don’t know what they were. Hybrids or some shit, like some horror movie’s wet dream.” He stops, blinking away the tears clinging to his lashes. “Alastair put a hit out on me.”
A few days before Eileen arrives, Castiel sneaks into his room while Sam is out for his morning jog and finds Dean fast asleep under the covers, his head buried underneath his pillow. His room, Castiel has never seen before, at least not here. Rather than weapons, Dean displays some of his rarer vinyl on the wall above his bed, stored in frames and hung from hooks. His television sits atop one of the Bunker’s dressers, and his laptop rests idle on his desk, along with stacks of paper and an oddly shaped stress ball. Through the open closet door, Castiel finds a few unpacked boxes and all of his flannel and coats hung up on hangers, along with his suits, freshly ironed.
Dean rests his head atop Castiel’s shoulder. “Wanted to get back home before daylight. Been on the road a week, I’m just… tired. Wanna sleep somewhere that doesn’t smell like bleach.”
His palms heal as Dean lets up the pressure. In the interim, Dean kisses him, and Castiel takes him by the hair, petting through the short strands. Through closed eyelids, Castiel can still see his soul, can feel how it tugs at his Grace in demand of more. Around the seam, fresh growth begins to form, slivers at a time. Most don't survive, but others hang on, beginning to build what Castiel can only call scar tissue.
Castiel smiles and ducks his head. Dean barely makes out the hint of a flush highlighting his cheeks, dying the tips of his ears red. “I think I want something more fitting,” he says, and—Dean can work with that. As long as Castiel’s sudden preference isn’t skintight leather, then he can maybe get by without being uncomfortably hard just looking at him. “I need new clothing as well.”
Approaching the crossroads, Dean shakes the box again, trying to remember everything he put inside: a photograph from one of Bobby’s forgotten family albums in the basement, dirt from the cemetery up the road, a bone from Bobby’s childhood cat, and a stem of yarrow from the suspiciously positioned plant growing between two totaled DeSotos. Everything he needs, and nothing he wants to do.
Humming, Dean drapes an arm over his eyes. “Someone’s gonna show up eventually,” he mutters, and hears Castiel’s murmur of agreement. “How long until Heaven figures out what’s up?”
Castiel pulls the sheets up and slips under, sprawled out on his back. Why he’s here, Dean can’t find it in himself to ask. Instead, he goes with what he knows best—making amends. “I shouldn't’ve yelled at you,” he says, pulling the sheets up over his chest. Protection—from nothing, but also everything. “I’d just woken up, Cas, and you—”
He takes one final look in the mirror before following after Dean. Small needle pricks scar his forehead, already closed. Hopefully, his Grace can cure him by morning. The last thing he wants is to become Rowena’s latest toy.
“He never really got to know his dad.” Mary pouts, her eyes hazy. “John died when Sammy was just a baby. My parents came to live with us for a while, until I could find work. I’d taken off to raise them, and all I had was his life insurance to get by. It was enough, but with two kids, it wouldn’t’ve lasted long.” She stops, shaking her head. “I thought we’d be together for a few more years, at least. But the storm… Dean was scared for so long, any time the wind blew. I don’t even know if he remembers it.”
If they were back at the bunker, Sam wouldn't even ask. Dean would’ve woken up with a laptop shoved in his face filled with all the gory details. But this isn’t the bunker—it’s home, and home is where they rest. “No offense, but I could sleep for a week,” Dean says. Out of the corner of his eye, he watches Sam smile and turn away. “Seriously, ask in a week and I might say yes.”
“This is my room,” Dean scowls. He presses a finger to Castiel’s sternum as the room spins, the floor threatening to give way. Castiel tries to hold him upright—Dean slaps his hands away. “You’re not supposed to follow me home—”
Resigned, Castiel sighs. “They were dead. They’ve been molting for years. I’m surprised they held me for that long.”
, Castiel thinks. Rather than reply, he pulls Dean against him, hiding his face in his neck. He smells like salt air, and lavender clings to his hair. Strong arms wrap around his waist, holding him close.
him, it all pales in comparison. Castiel loves him with his whole being, with every inch of his Grace, and looking at Dean know, he knows that his love is returned in full.
Dean carries both pistols in dual harnesses strapped around his thighs, with Castiel’s smaller blade hanging from one of his belt loops. All Castiel has on him is the sword bestowed to him by Naomi. Part of him hopes it doesn't work, and that all they’ve done is give themselves a few days without Bobby in the house. The other half prays that Alastair comes for them, and that Castiel can make his death a quick one.
, sending a shudder through Dean’s body. His cock physically aches, precome rushing from his slit, and all the while, Castiel smirks, like he knows exactly what he’s doing. “You underestimate me.” Slicking his fingers, he tosses the bottle to the side and strokes over Dean’s hole. Anticipation seizes Dean’s gut, and his cock twitches, bouncing against his stomach. “You think that just because I’m inexperienced, I won’t be able to satisfy you.”
“I only know what I can see. And from what I can tell, your brother is impressionable. He’s swayed much too far into the dark, and I’m afraid that without intervention, you may never see him as he was.” Castiel touches his cheek—Dean turns away. “Dean.”
? Castiel thinks. Donnie wouldn't know the answer, and Dean probably wouldn't reply if he asked. Across the room, the guitar twangs, sliding into a moderately upbeat song, the lyrics entirely unfamiliar and so unlike the music Ash plays.
The noise Castiel makes, Dean wants to treasure forever. Husky yet hesitant, like he can’t decide whether he likes it or not. But the further Dean takes him, the rougher Castiel’s touch grows. Leaning back on one arm, Castiel holds Dean in place; in turn, Dean wraps a hand around the base of his cock, using the other to fondle his sac, the weight of it so utterly
“Castiel, yes.” Mary sweeps Castiel into her arms and presses a lipstick-laden kiss to his cheek. “Dean’s told me so much about you. I can’t get him to stop, actually.” She pats his shoulders as she backs away. Her smile is infectious. Castiel can see where Dean got it from. “I got your old room all ready, Dean.”
Dean’s jaw clenches, then softens, his eyes half-lidded in exhaustion. “Georgia,” he says. “With me.”
And then Castiel pulls away, slipping his fingers under Dean’s sleeve and pressing his bloodied hand to Dean’s right shoulder. Dean mirrors him, heart racing the moment he touches Castiel’s bare skin. An electric spark, a completed circuit. Castiel takes his other hand between them, locking their fingers together into a tight fist. “Close your eyes,” he says, squeezing Dean’s hand. “Give yourself to me.”
Another grin. “Well,” Dean says, dropping his head to Castiel’s wings once again, “wouldn’t be the first time I’ve tempted you.”
“I’m fine,” Dean lies. An arm drapes around Castiel’s waist. Dean settles his hand between Castiel’s shoulder blades, bunching the fabric in his fist. “Been through this before, it’s fine.”
“It’s alright,” Castiel soothes. He kisses the corner of Dean’s lips, fingertips brushing across his temple. “I wouldn't expect anything less.”
Right, those shorts. Reserved for special occasions and when the air is so warm that he can’t bring himself to care. Those same shorts sit in the closet, and Dean has half the mind to put them on, just to feel Castiel’s hand sneak underneath the hem. “Can’t exactly wear them all the time,” Dean says, heated. Idle, Castiel palms him through the flimsy fabric of his pajama pants, and drops a kiss to Dean’s jaw, then his neck as he descends.
“Yeah, yeah.” Sam pats his shoulder, then pulls Dean into a hug, one Dean returns, only somewhat to steady himself. “Good to see you, man.”
It’s meant to be comforting. All it does is make him cry harder, his anguish audible. For a while, Mary holds him, petting through his hair while he sobs, his shoulders wracked with it, his lungs aching for breath. Meeting up like this doesn’t make it any easier. If anything, it only deepens his hurt, knowing that the only thing stopping him from seeing his mother is the man she married, the man who at one point loved him, until the idea festered in his mind that his son might not be perfect after all.
“Because it’s probably ammunition,” Dean grunts. He sits, groaning on the way down. Sonia, escaping Castiel’s clutches, claws her way up Dean’s shirt to perch on his shoulder. Her scratching post sits in the box in the library, all too far away. “Seriously. Probably just kept it down there in case a whole herd of vamps raided the place. Hey, Cas.” Dean looks over his shoulder, only to find Sonia staring into his ear. “You got any guesses?”
Castiel stripped him down first, eager to get Dean into bed but apparently easily distracted. Every few kisses, he pulls back to feel up Dean’s chest, to kiss his neck, to fucking
Sam shakes his head, wet hair flying in every direction. “Talk to me, Dean. Or I can push you under—”
They pull up to the cottage around midnight, the bright green walls illuminated in the moonlight. It sits up on stilts, and Dean parks beneath them, the Impala coming to a rattling halt in the sand. A set of stairs runs up to the front door; Dean ascends them with his hand to the handrail, climbing with a slight limp. Castiel follows him, resisting the urge to ease his pain. Dean probably wouldn't appreciate it, but Castiel
Dean makes a noise deep in his chest. Kissing his throat, it only gets louder. His hands come to rest atop the small of Castiel’s back, trailing up his spine to rest over the slits of his wings. “Cas,” he says, nearly a moan. “Mm, did something while you were sleeping. Think you’ll like it.” And he turns, bracing an arm on the wall. With his other hand, he grapples for Castiel’s hip, grabbing hold of his wrist. “Think you can figure out what to do here?”
Dean blinks at him, his pullover hanging off one arm, lips slack. He backs into the front desk, gripping the edge. His rings clack. His knuckles blanche. Maybe Castiel made a mistake, coming here.
To that, Charlie laughs. “Yeah, it’s like Comic-Con but everyone gets plastered and parties all night. Hey,” she punches his arm lightly, “you should come with us. Me and Dean go every year, it’s like, two weeks away.”
Covering Castiel’s hand, Dean reaches up and touches what he supposes is the arch of Castiel’s wing. Invisible, but still tangible, for reasons he can’t understand. And Castiel doesn’t question it. His fingers splay over Dean’s stomach, gripping the fabric of his shirt tight. “You can feel it,” he says, and Dean nods. “Why?”
Tears form in the corners of Dean’s eyes, kept at bay—mostly, because somewhere in the house, the floorboards creak, heading toward the stairs. Sam doesn’t need to see him cry, and he would prefer it if Castiel stopped being the one to
“I know.” In condolence, Castiel pats his wrist without ever looking away from the screen. “You invoke passive verbs too often.”
Silence prevails—until the sheets rustle, and Castiel’s weight disappears. Only for a moment, just long enough for him to pull the sheets back and slide under, his weight nestling at Dean’s back. An arm wraps around his waist, pulling him close, keeping him still. Dean freezes, the urge to run flooding his veins, until Castiel sighs against his neck, warm and humid. “Cas,” Dean mutters, fighting the wobble in his lip. “Cas…”
.” Pointedly, Castiel taps Dean’s thigh, threatening to tug his hair. “Yes or no. If you don’t want to, I’ll stop and go back to bed. No matter what happens, it won’t change anything between us.”
“I wanna touch your cock,” Dean blurts in a moment of unbridled lust. Castiel flushes, his eyes dark, lecherous. “Cas…”
Another wave crests—Dean dives under and surfaces to find Castiel standing at his side. Sam brushes kelp from his hair, soaked and stuck to his face. “Warn me next time,” Sam grunts, and Dean laughs. Bright, Castiel smiles, the joy reaching his eyes.
Sighing, Castiel sinks into his seat. “I’m writing my master’s thesis on the disparities of queer youth in the geographic South,” he says, garnering Dean’s attention for the worse. So that’s what the kiss was, an easy in, to get Dean on his good side. “It would be easy to transfer into a college in Atlanta or Athens, but I’m more focused on people living in rural areas. I made a Facebook group.”
“No,” Sam laughs. “Just—the bunker’s not really a home. I know you moved out the first chance you got, but I wanted to stick it out, to man the phones and help the other hunters. But the generator’s starting to lose power, and the pipes are breaking left and right, and… I think it’s time.”
It only amps up Dean’s fear more, until he can barely breathe with it. “Yeah,” he says, head down. He shuts off the nightstand lamp and strips out of his sweats before kneeing his way onto the mattress. His skin crawls, heart in his throat; he should ignore the urge, should ignore the sudden wave of
Still, that fear festers in the back of his head even as he touches himself. Gently at first, acclimating to the sudden pressure around his cock. A pressure that doesn't threaten to mutilate him, or worse. Eyes closed, Dean braces himself against the tile wall and lets the water drip from his face and down his back, then spiral down the drain. Shivers skitter up his spine, and his cock leaps in his grasp, desperate for friction.
What a story, one wishes Castiel knew enough to tell. “I’m doing a research study with my university. I was driving to Roberta when I found your son’s car. He… He hit a deer.”
for once. “That’s—Cas, that doesn’t make me any better than Sam, if I’m bleeding you, and for what?”
“Dealer’s choice,” Dean says, handing it over. “Did everything myself, so you can tell me if it’s shit.”
“Dean.” Missouri takes him by the wrist. Not the rough touch he was expecting, but gentle, coaxing him to look up. He can’t, his stomach in his throat and his heart taking a vacation to the Keys. “Dean, I want you to look at me.”
Goodbyes are always hard. Leaving the only family he’s ever loved, even harder, but Mary wished him well with more than enough hugs, and a lipstick stain to his forehead to remember her by. If he wants, he can always drive back to see her, or take a plane if he’s absolutely desperate. And Castiel would probably go with him, depending on how this trip goes.
Dean would laugh, if he hadn’t had the same exact dream, except entirely different, with him being sucked to the bottom of the ocean, drowning in vivid detail. Every once in a while, that dream comes up, again and again, especially in times of stress. At some point in the night, it faded away, and he slept for a few blissful hours uninterrupted, comforted by silence and the inescapable press of something that no longer tangibly exists. He looks in the direction of the barn, stomach sour. “Yeah,” he yawns, “tell me about it.”
Dean always notices, though. One of the few things that he hates about Dean, how somehow, he always knows. “It’s gonna be rough,” Dean begins as they walk, passing vacant houses and the few yards decorated for Halloween. A car drives past and disappears around a turn. “Trust me, humanity ain’t a picnic. I mean, the first time, you got—”
“Ain’t seen you ‘round here,” he slurs, swaying on his feet. Rough, like he’s putting on a show. “You new?”
“Don’t sweettalk me,” Dean joshes, earning a quiet laugh. “It’s just—I never wanted this life. Driving was dad’s thing, not mine. I wanted to play in a band, actually go to college. Instead, I was driving go-karts before I was six. I was in my first Nationwide race before I even had my driver’s license. He just kept pushing me and pushing me, and I couldn't talk back because that’s what my grandfather did, and that’s what he did, like NASCAR is the family business. But it’s… It’s not.” He sniffles. “I can’t even win a championship. And I was right there, and all I thought was, I’ll make dad proud.”
“It’s nice.” Fabric rustles. Castiel opens an eye to watch Benny pull a cigarette from a half-empty pack. He lights it with a flimsy match, the kind left over from the heyday of motels and interstate travel, and snuffs it out before taking a drag. Castiel itches with a sudden craving. A habit he kicked years ago, festering beneath the skin. “Kinda drives you up the wall, but it’s nice. Quiet, mostly.” He exhales, smoke pouring through his nostrils. “Can’t stand the chickens.”
Now, especially. Rearing up, Castiel sits back on his haunches, thighs spread wide where he straddles Dean’s waist. He certainly is the picture of sin, his body everything that Dean has fantasized about: hard, toned abs, pecs he could sink his teeth into all day, with hands that could hold him down and do absolutely filthy things to him. Swallowing, Dean watches him tuck his thumbs into his waistband and tug his boxers down and off, exposing his cock.
“I think whatever it is, you’re remarkable.” Castiel taps him again; this time, Dean smiles, barely a flash before it’s gone. An idea crosses his mind, flying from his mouth before he has a chance to grab for it and shove it down. “My brother owns a record company, if you’ve ever thought about trying to sing professionally.”
Closing his laptop, Castiel sets everything at the foot of the bed and stands, arms stretched above his head. Dean watches as Castiel’s shirt rises up to expose the barest bit of flesh above his belt and the waistband of his briefs. He fantasized about men like Castiel once. Still does, actually, but none of those men ever wore a cardigan and glasses, the embodiment of the hot professor. Heat simmers in Dean’s gut, working its way southward before he can put a stop to it.
Castiel shrugs. “Essentially. The method doesn’t matter. As long as it’s done with the purity of your soul, you’ll be able to purify her.”
The next time he wakes, the sun’s rays paint the horizon in dark reds and golds, barely bright enough to color the sky. Yet, Castiel’s weight remains, his breaths slow and measured against Dean’s back. For a while, he lies there and watches the sun rise through the open window, the waves gently kissing the shore. Very easily, he could play off the morning as a dream, another fantasy to keep him sane, but ever so slowly, Castiel stirs, mouthing affirmations into Dean’s shoulder, his neck, every bit of skin he can reach.
It’s just a house, one the college probably bought and renovated, but it’s beautiful, and probably more than anything he ever could’ve afforded in Los Angeles, any day. The air conditioner works, thankfully, cooling the sweat coating his skin and easing the fever behind his eyes. Picking up his suitcase by the handle, Castiel walks the hall until he finds his room, a nondescript door with a number three nailed into it. He raps his fingers across it, soft. The music doesn’t emanate from here, thankfully, but rather, the door across the hall.
Dean shrugs, going for noncommittal. One of the skills Bobby taught him that John never could was how to create bullets from whatever materials he could find. They went through a lot of silver. He still has a box full of them in the trunk, for the gun he hasn’t had the chance to fire in a few years. They should probably make a day of it, Castiel melting down materials and Dean cleaning his weapons.
“You know we want you here too,” Sam says in consolation. Castiel wishes it helped him feel more welcome. “What’re you gonna do now?”
Earlier in the night, Dean dragged the canoe from the shed and traveled the marshes in hopes of getting lost and tipping over somewhere where he couldn’t untangle himself. It beats walking, but the effort always works to sober him up, as much as he hates it. His temporary home is about fifteen minutes from the graveyard, through thick reeds and grasses untouched by man.
What is it his business, anyway? Why should some stranger waltz in and demand his life story? Tucking his arms tighter, Dean turns his face away, his eyes pinched shut.
What he comes up with amazes even him—a nest, where he can spread out at his leisure, blocked off from the rest of the world. Heat pours in from the vent on the ceiling, bathing the room in a pleasant warmth. Again, he sneaks back downstairs and grabs several candelabras, setting them up on the bare patches of floor around the walls. The room slowly comes to life as he lights each candle, flickering and dancing as the wicks burn.
Dean nods, adjusting the pillows against the headboard. “Said you won. Said my ghost was haunting everyone.”
These nights, he barely sleeps, his consciousness waning enough to let him rest, but somehow, he remembers everything going on around him: the voices, the footsteps, the eyes staring back at him, the ones he can’t forget. Around him, he vaguely knows the clouds are still pouring, but someone watches him from the corner. He can’t move—can barely breathe, and yet the thing walks across the room, formless and as frigid as ice. It comes to rest at Dean’s side, kneeling, smelling of wet hay.
“I feel that,” Sam says, light. “Come on, we’re not leaving without you. I need you there when I kick Adam’s ass out of the playoffs for good.”
Dean doesn’t reply. Instead, he pulls Castiel into his arms, and Castiel moves with him, his body wracked in tremors. He burns hot, so unlike just seconds before, Grace once again flooding his veins. But how is a question Dean refuses to have answered, so long as Castiel is breathing. “It’s okay,” he whispers to himself, above the sound of Castiel’s question, repeating on a loop until that’s all Dean knows. “It’s okay, Cas. It’s okay.”
“What if I can’t?” Dean asks. “What if I… No matter where I go, it’s gonna be the same. I’m not safe here, I can’t… I just can’t, Cas.” He bites back a sob, willing his heart calm. “You keep doin’ all these interviews, talkin’ to all these people, tryin’ to figure out how to help. You just gotta—You gotta listen to us. Fight for us, get us off the streets, just do… something, man. ‘Cause I don’t got anywhere to go now, and I’m—I’m scared.” He smiles despite it all, despite the ache in his heart and Castiel’s hand in his. “Tell me it’s gonna be okay.”
The chaplain leaves, and the drone of the waiting room resumes. Doors open and close; crying children wander in with their parents, complaining of broken bones; a sales representative comes in with a cart full of catered sandwiches. Most notably is the woman that comes in nearing the four o’clock hour, her blonde hair pulled back into a messy bun, her bright yellow sundress the only color Castiel can make out against the drab walls. She looks familiar—
Come drips between Castiel’s fingers; Dean has half the mind to lick it off of him, but mortification keeps him from doing much other than clinging to him with tears in his eyes. Not from sadness, but embarrassment, from elation. “You’re so obedient,” Castiel soothes, easing Dean into another kiss. “But you’re not finished.”
“One,” Dean points a finger at him, “I wouldn't be caught dead in snow boots. Last thing I need is a broken leg. Makes me antsy just thinking about it.” He managed to escape stepping foot into a hospital for most of his life. No use in breaking that tradition the second time around.
“Writer, huh?” Benny leans over, elbows atop his knees. “We talkin’ romance, mystery? Probably somethin’ like that John Grisham guy.”
“I’m here.” Gingerly, Castiel pulls Dean in by the nape, and Dean falls, pliable, eager. Their lips meet, a soft press that Castiel feels down to his toes. Dean tilts his head, lips parted just the slightest, and Castiel feels him give, feels his body relax down to his core.
“Wasn’t thinking.” Uncovering his eyes, Dean blinks at the ceiling. “Gonna sound like a dick if I say I haven’t thought about it, but it’s true.”
“You used to talk about angels?” Castiel asks after dinner, his gaze forward as he rocks in one of the empty rocking chairs. In the yard, Benny and Garth take turns kicking a soccer ball into a cheap net hung between two oak trees.
, he thinks, but his body says differently. “Dream,” Dean mumbles. Blindly, he fumbles to find some part of Castiel’s armor to hold onto, eventually settling for the plates between his wings. “You’re gonna—you’re gonna cut me open, and I’m—”
