Giant lizard things running ramped? Who cares?
This is impossible.” He whispers, shaking violently as he pitches backwards, falling to the ground with a clatter. He doesn’t stop moving though, all but crawling backwards until he slams into the wall.
Steve gaped at the smaller man. “Tony I’m not-“
Rhodey just smirked at the 18 year old kid. “Up and at em’, kiddo.” He laughs.
Finally, the darkness overtakes him.
“Just go, Jarvis.” Shannon sighs, her feet moving along with another pair, disappearing from the screen. The man named Jarvis walked, quite fast, to what seemed to be the far side of the house. He knocked on a large door in the middle of a hallway.
Tony knew that that was going to be the answer, but it didn’t hurt to try. On that note, he dialed a new number onto the keypad. It rung about three times before the familiar southern voice filled the speaker, “Well if it isn’t little Ant. I knew you’d call sooner or later.” Peter said teasingly.
Tony swears he hears Clint scoff, “Isn’t it obvious?” But no one makes a comment on it.
*****
Tony’s so scared he nearly finds himself apologizing. He opens his mouth.
I truly appreciate all of the kudos & comments. I probably wouldn't have continued the story if it weren't for y'all's support.
“That’s… I mean, that’s what Loki said.” She said, shaking her head. “But as you know, Tony hasn’t confirmed or denied anything.”
“That’s bullshit and we both know it.” Steve retorted.
It’s worse when they go through the doctor’s papers. There are 89 in total. Some are for lesser injuries, and others are for intense surgeries. At least 2 photos (one from the back, and one from the front) accompanied each paper. Sometimes there are more, depending on how bad the injury is. Each of the 89 papers was signed by Tony’s old personal doctor. The cause of injury section is always left blank.
both of his parents felt towards him for his entire life.
“You’re worried.” Steve acknowledges lowly as Tony leaves the room briskly, and Clint sighs, side eyeing the other alpha.
Natasha wanted to hack in the system to figure out more, she even recruited Agent Coulson to help. Coulson’s harsh reply surprised us all.
Tony gasps and stutters out, “Fuc- we are not… Petey, we are not making love!”
Loki was swinging his scepter towards Tony’s throat when a massive green force rams into him, “Hi, puny god.”
Thank you all for reading, I hope you enjoyed! Please leave a comment & kudos if you did bc it really does make my day :)
“It hurt.” Tony whimpers quietly, snuffling in Steve’s neck.
Hellloooo everyone. I’m going to just get on with things but first I just want to say: y’all don’t have to read this if you don’t like it. I mean, I’m not asking you to leave, but if you’re going to just write flames and be rude than frankly, I’d rather you not be here. (in the nicest way possible)
Tony gives him a horrified look, “I couldn’t survive through one of those things, I can’t imagine having to ever do one ever again.”
When the Captain does finally open his mouth, it’s definitely not the rejection Tony had been anticipating. “Are you comfortable with this, Tony? You know you can say no, right?”
Now, standing in front of the living room door and watching as a belligerent looking Tony Stark all but cackled in his face, he kind of understands what Jarvis was talking about.
Fury nods his head, just a slight movement. “Romanov, I want you in there and interrogating him.” Nat nods and is entering the room without hesitation. “Banner, we need you to take a look at the blood samples we took from him, see what kind of mutations this kid has. Cap and Hawkeye, stay here and see if you can catch anything Widow doesn’t. I’ll take you to the labs, Dr. Banner.”
Tony looked a Bruce for a second before smiling widely, looking like he was trying not to laugh. “You, sir, can call me Tony.”
Then there’s Steve. There’s no way Steve is HYDRA. The man spent the better part of World War II personally tracking down HYDRA, he couldn’t be their new attack dog.
Tony had somewhat become his shadow since Loki’s disappearance. Tony wasn’t sleeping. It had gotten so bad last night that Steve had to have Bruce administer a sedative, and Tony hadn’t talked much since.
(See the end of the chapter for
to those words. The omega takes a step back but Steve follows, undeterred. “If you were mine, we wouldn’t be having this fight right now.”
Tony huffs, “This doesn’t mean I forgive you.”
“No! Steve listen here right now. Peter told me what you said to him and I’m not okay with it. Peter is my friend- pretty much my only friend and I don’t want you screwing it up for me! I’m sorry- I just- I don’t like it when you think I need constant supervision. I’m old enough to own a multi-billion dollar company, which means I’m old enough to make my own friends and I’m old enough to have alone time. Got it?” Tony said loudly and sternly, barely taking any breaths in between sentences.
I'm back!! College is kicking my ass like always but hey I really like this chapter so there's that :) thank you for all of your kind comments, they truly make my day so much better <3
Howard dragged Tony up by the collar of his shirt. “You killed your mother.”
Tony bolts towards Pepper, who is now trying to beat the man down with her purse, not seeing that the man who she first took down was getting up behind her. He quickly grabbed her from behind, easily subduing the smaller woman. At about the same time, the man who first tried to grab Tony, caught up to him and grabbed him as well.
There was a sigh at the door before tony strode in the room, “I’ve been eighteen for about 2 weeks. Now, I have a business meeting in, like, 10 minutes, may I go now, or…?”
That’s about all I have done this summer.
“Natasha.” Steve growled when she wouldn’t answer his question.
“Hell man! I’m coming over!” Peter said excitedly. “I’ll bring the alcohol, you provide the people?”
“You’re nothing.”
A loud whine sounds before a blinding, blue-white light fills the room and forces Tony to close his eyes for a second.
“Peter, did you get everything for school tomorrow?” Steve asked walking into the boys room. It was a small room and he almost had to bend a little to get inside the room. There was a small bed against one wall and a bookshelf opposite to it. The wall near the head of the bed had a window that was dingy and never really opened. At the foot was a closet that was old, rickety and slightly mouldy. Peter was already under the covers.
him to be respectful, but he had expected some decency and human courtesy, but it didn’t seem he could even manage that.
So, Steve, and by extension, we, finally meet Tony. JARVIS is omnipotent.
“Will be completely alone if you die, and will probably end up in the system.”
He met the other man’s eyes in the mirror, seeing a hint of vulnerability for the first time.
“I think I’ll just see if I can get the job first. Before thinking about whether or not I can tolerate it.”
“But, I can help, please”
“Of course it does.”
“You do?” Steve asked as he stopped in his tracks.
? And how do you even know all that, some of that stuff is not even on the job application.”
“Oh, come on Pepper, it’s not like-“
“Yeah, you are.”
He really hated Stark towers. It was a big building right in the middle of Manhattan, and it seemed like an ode Stark had written to himself. He shifted in his chair and looked around the lobby, as much he didn’t like the feel of it, he had to admit it was impressive. It was also quite
“Yup, otherwise I wouldn’t tell you about the amazing job opportunity I just heard.”
Please let me know what you think about this chapter. Constructive criticism is always welcome.
“You can’t just have granola bars for lunch.”
“I’m sure you will, when can you start?” Ms. Potts asked after a few moments of silence.
“You’re really going to stop making weapons?” Steve interjected, it seemed the doctors plan was to distract Stark with conversation and Steve couldn't resist himself.
“Even Steve can figure it out.” Stark said incredulously.
It didn't matter much either way.
He remembered when he heard his sister and her husband had died in a plane crash, he’d been told that since Richard’s bother and sister in law had already passed away, he was to get custody of Peter. It was the first, and only time in his life he regretted joining the army. If he had gone to art school and had a steady job as teacher somewhere, maybe life would be able to provide for Peter better.
“Uh huh.”
“What job opportunity? Are you planning on leaving the air force?” Out of the three of them, Sam was the only one who still held his job in the military.
“Yup, that’ll give me the job.”
“Yeah, but me and Sam ain’t sticking ‘round for dinner.”
Dr. Banner turned towards Steve when he left the room.
The kitchen looked like it was out of a magazine catalogue, a chef’s dream, the stove didn’t have knobs, the refrigerator was stocked with fresh produce, ham, cheese, beef, chicken, shrimp, lobster, possibly every kind of meat. The pantry was the same; fully stocked, the bread was the fancy, hundred dollar variety, there were pizza bases, noodles, taco shells, and pasta.
At this rate, he was going to have to cut off the radiator at his house just to be able to afford food, rent and Peter’s school. Peter who hadn’t even told him about the field trip his class was taking in two weeks because of the fee it included. That was the part he hated the most. Although he was a mature for his age, he was still a child who was acting like an adult more and more everyday. He never asked Steve for anything. He never commented if Steve just served him his own portion of lunch for dinner, although he always was unusually full early those nights.
I feel like this chapter is a bit rusty, but try as I might, I couldn't do much to change the way it is. Please let me know what you think of Steve and Tony's interactions in this. Plus, we meet Bruce Banner and another hero is name dropped.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You know, I have to say, you’re nicknames are getting worse, and by that I mean, they’re getting less mean.”
I hope the interview in this is okay, because I've never given an interview.
(See the end of the chapter for
“No, not right now JARVIS, but thank you.” Steve felt slightly awkward that he was essentially talking to a house. He wondered how an AI worked anyways, he was sure he could ask the
“Why does that not surprise me?”
“I am not a child who needs round the clock care!”
“Good afternoon.” The woman said after she looked up from a stack of papers and got up and addressed him with a pleasant smile. “You must be Mr. Rogers, I’m Pepper Potts, please come in.”
“Bucky..”
“Yeah, but most people do that because they don’t want to, not because they can’t.”
One spoke of Stark’s move from Stark Towers to his house in upstate New York.
“I’m not your nephew, stop talking down to me.”
“I will.”
“Monday, if that’s alright, I’ll have to leave my current employment. They do already know about the interview, so it won’t be a problem.”
“Yeah, I know Soldier.”
“Yes, I’m sure you did, like I’m sure you’ve been teasing him all day.”
“Actually, I have learnt to pick my battles, and have decided to nag you about something else.”
Stark had been using his weakness, dropping innuendos here and there at times when Steve least expected it and, to his horror, they made him go red in face every time.
“No, it doesn’t.”
“You’d rather have something Sam cooked.”
“I don’t know all the details, but he lives alone. he’s apparently suicidal.When they realised this they decided to hire someone to keep an eye on him. They’ve had therapists at the same job but no one stays for more than a week, he drives them away. Apparently there’s some guy named Jarvis too, but all Steve has to do is talk to the guy a little, make sure he eats, doesn’t mix his medicines with alcohol and all that.”
“You can watch the movie Pete, I’ll have the dinner ready, don’t you worry.”
If it hadn’t been for Peter -
“That depends Peter, what do you want?” He tried to be serious, but it
“Oh God, he isn’t supposed to worry about that.” There was silence for a moment filled in by the sounds of the credits to a Star Wars movie playing in the living room.
“He hates it, the sympathy.” And Steve wasn’t sure if he deserved any.
“No, Bucky’s my friend. He’s actually dating Sam.”
“I just came down to introduce myself-“
“I won’t-“
“Yeah, of course.” He usually made it a point not to lie to Peter, but he couldn’t tell the boy he was dreading spending time with the man.
“There’s no guarantee I’m getting it.” Steve said ignoring Bucky.
“Definitely.” Tony then got up to check himself in the mirror.
Before Steve could say that he did and that it was literally what he was hired to do, the door was shut and Star- Tony had gone.
“No, he just has to spend time with the guy.”
“No, I was thinking more like a park…”
“Let me guess, you’re here cause lunch is ready. I swear your a ‘30s housewife.”
“Yeah, I do, I’ve done it before.”
“Really great, my math teacher said I’m really smart when I did all my sums on my own and she gave me a star too.”
“Well then, I just don’t know what else I can do Buck.”
“I’m going to get a drink.” He said, already moving towards the juice bar in the corner of the room.
“Was that supposed to be a joke Rogers?”
“Ah huh.”
“Uh huh, so how did you get this big, what’s your secret?”
“Yes.”
“You could always just ask me and Sam for help.”
“It’s noon.”
“A theatre..”
“Yeah, right. Let’s go.” Sam dragged Peter out of the room.
“That doesn’t matter, it doesn’t mean-”
“Yeah - wait what?” Steve said as they both walked to the couch to occupy the space on either side of Peter.
Dinner was basically all four of them sitting in front of the tv and eating pasta until Bucky brought out another bag of popcorn.
“No, she told me she was tired of the way her boss was going through psychologists and care takers, and that Rhodey’s friend Sam from the air force suggested a military veteran. Ergo, Steve Rogers.”
It really was the perfect day for a walk in the afternoon, the sun was shining brightly but not scorchingly so, and there was a slight breeze in the air that made walking comfortable.
Steve pushed the heavy door open.
“Uh, no. I had a congenital heart defect. I got a transplant at fourteen.”
“Alright, let’s go.”
“Frank is nice, I guess, but he’s uh, he’s kind of condescending towards the new people, and he fat shames people, I don’t want to spend time with someone like that.” He replied, after he took a swing of his drink.
“That’s great Pete. I’m really proud of you.” He spoke through a smile, Peter was enough to brighten up even the worst days.
“A mass murderer and a war profiteer?” Now he tilted his head in a way that gave him a direct line of vision to Steve’s eyes.
“Alright, that’s enough you two, you’ve teased Peter enough for this week.”
“You need someone to help you
“Right, Peter who is…”
“No, it’s....have you heard about Tony Stark?” He asked Steve directly.
“Well, I was thinking you should get out of the house for a little while.” Steve said, trailing after Tony.
“It did indeed, it has gone worse.”
“Yes, but you’ll have to be prepared.”
“Well stop behaving like an immature child and eat your food-”
“I told you-“
“I'm just going to make Tony do some tasks now.” Steve nodded as the doctor looked at him, and took a place on the couch near the end, trying to give them as much privacy as possible. He busied himself with a book on art concepts then, paying it only half the attention he usually did.
“Uh-oh, what happened?” Steve fell into the couch he’d walked towards while talking and proceeded to tell Sam everything.
For someone who needed the job as much as he did, he was definitely stacking the odds up against himself. He’d forgotten his suit that morning in the rush to get Peter to the Leeds, who then took him to school, so he was sitting in the gleaming offices of Stark Industries in a skin tight white t shirt and a pair of tight fitting jeans. Hardly fitting for a job interview, but he didn’t have time to go to Brooklyn to get his suit.
“Is that enough?”
“Hey there, Cap,” Stark had taken to calling him that from the second day itself, “this is Dr. Bruce Banner my physiotherapist, Brucey-bear, that’s Steve Rogers, he’s my keeper.” Steve assumed the two men were close because the new man hardly reacted at the nickname Stark gave him.
And what about his employer?
What help would Stark need from Steve in the bathroom?
“I’d have to go away for training, and I literally can’t afford it right now.”
“You should, you could definitely help. And it’s better than the sugar daddy idea I had.”
“Have a good lunch.”
“Yes, and the first thing you did after coming back from captivity was to lock yourself in your lab.”
“I don’t want to be a model.”
“So, what do you know about this job?” It seemed Ms. Potts would lead with the questioning.
“I have to Buck, I have no other option.”
So, he decided that stopping in his tracks with his jaw hanging was an appropriate reaction when he saw the man in the living room when he first came into work on Saturday.
“You were supposed to take those after lunch.” Steve said helplessly.
“Try not to burn the food.” Steve shook his head but smiled nonetheless. “Hey, y’know, if nothing else works out, you can always get a sugar daddy.”
“I’m not afraid.” He almost felt like he was in the middle of an active war zone again, it wasn’t Steve Rogers talking now, it was Captain Rogers. “I admit I’ve never done a job like this before, and I’m most definitely not a trained therapist or psychologist, but I do have experience with people who have gone through life changing experiences because of a war.” He could still remember when they brought Bucky out of captivity. “I will do this job to the best of my abilities.”
“Sorry.” Peter said smiling showing teeth that had popcorn stuck. Steve barely contained a laugh and told him it was fine. Yes, he was nearing bankruptcy, no, he couldn’t go to art school and he was working all day, but having Peter and caring for him made it worth it. The kid was the best thing that ever happen to him.
“I did, I just thought-”
like he didn’t have an identity, like he didn’t exist for any other reason than being the mans eye candy.
“I can, and I will.”
“Wow, thanks a lot for the sympathy
“God, what is it now?” Tony said turning back towards the house.
“Yes, you do!”
“And?”
“I have a home theatre, come on I’m gonna show it you.” Tony said turning around to face Steve. “It’s unlike anything you’ve seen before.” He then turned back to walk to the door.
“He’s at the gym. It’s leg day.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“What’s wrong with Frank?”
“Tony…”
“Doesn’t everyone?”
“Look”, he said holding up the granola bar, “I am having lunch-”
“That I’m too old.”
“Ah, so you do have a significant other.”
Thank you all for the kind comments. Someone asked me about my updating schedule, well the thing is I'm in medical school and I have finals coming up in less than a month, so I'll try to update as much and as regularly as I can.
In the five days he had been working for Stark, with the exception of the first day, Steve had hardly ever seen the man leave his lab for more than a few minutes. It seemed he had reduced his entire house to one room.
“Which means you’re gonna keep asking me about my love life.”
“How much?” Sam asked as he brought out beers for himself, Steve and Bucky.
“There’s a good idea.” Sam said.
“Seriously, just how much do you earn as a martial arts instructor anyway.”
“Most people don’t do it themselves anyway.”
“It was never about making money Steve! It was always about protecting the country, the soldiers. That’s what dad did, and that’s what I set out to do. But, somewhere along the way, I think it just turned into one big arms race, one that I was winning, may I add. But when I was captured, I realised my weapons in the wrong hands were killing American lives, as well as innocent ones. So, trust me when I say that I’m not making weapons again.”
“They may have but I’m learning from my employer and I’ll do what I want.”
“I know, but sometimes we have to do things we don’t like.”
“Right. So what do you with the kid?”
“I was chasing a caterpillar, I think it was moulting.”
“Bucky!”
“Salad?”
“No, it isn’t.”
“Actually, I was going to get a walk around the property and wanted to ask if you wanted to join.”
“Yeah, but you’re a clean shaven guy. You just take a razor and shave it all away. I don’t want that.”
“Fine, I’ll take it, but I swear to your abysmal fashion sense Rogers, you disturb me one more time, I’ll play rock so loud you’ll be clutching your earlobes all day.” He reached out and pulled the plate out of Steve’s hands. This time when he turned around, he kicked the door shut.
“Normal. How about yours? Anything interesting happen?” She gave him a searching look he’d taken to called The look, because she it gave him a sense of vulnerability, like she could see right through him.
“I can’t just survive on one job.”
“Yeah, he does that sometime, sasses me, makes me regret wiring
“I don’t think so. But I’m sure that you know better.” Steve said as he and Tony fell into step beside each other. “There’s no point staring at me.” He said, pointedly ignoring the other mans glare and walking ahead.
Moving with anger, he grabbed bread from the pantry and started slicing it with perhaps a little too much force and set about making a double decked ham, egg and cheese sandwich. He crudely cut it into four pieces, which miraculously didn’t look bad and put them on a small plate, walking towards the workshop the second time that day.
“No, you can’t. He’s the one who recommended me to colonel Rhodes for this job.”
Reaching his car, he opened the back door to put the bag and then got into the driver seat and after three attempts shut the door properly. Steve hoped it wasn’t acting up again, he was tired of asking Bucky to fix it and the other man not taking any money. He let out a sigh of relief when it smoothly got out of the parking lot. Well, it was ten years old, smooth was an overstatement.
“Hey Pete, how’s your day going.”
“What?”
“I’m parched.” Natasha said, falling into step with him. He didn’t know why it even surprised him at this point, she would never strop trying to meddle into his
“Uh huh, you could represent truth, justice and the American way.”
“Doesn’t matter squirt, I’m still real proud. Did you have lunch yet?” He was getting sick of that question. Great, now he was attaching everyday things to Tony Stark.
“Good, stay clear of the porn, will you? I have a personal collection and I don’t really want it messed with.”
“More like you’re too old.”
“Don’t care.” He then moved away, opened another cabinet and took out a granola bar. He tore it open with his teeth and made to move leave the kitchen.
“Really? Well, did you consider that splint I told you about last time?”
“No, that’s not-“
“Yeah well, not all of us can buff up like you.”
“Try me.”
“Of course.”
“It’s afternoon.”
“Steve, at this rate, you’re gonna work yourself to death.”
It seemed Steve was in for surprises this week.
He needed to get that job.
“I won’t. Let me help you.”
“When can you start, Steve?” She asked again, and he was glad she didn’t say anything about his slip - up.
“You do know I’m a certified genius, don’t you?”
“Well, we did go to MoMA just last week. And he wants to go camping this summer, so we’ll probably do that.”
“Peter.. I can do -“
“Right cause no one like Rhodey would want to be my friend, I know.”
Well,
“Of course, that’s why you keep insisting,” they were face to face with maybe half a tile between them, “you’re here for the money, caring isn’t in you job description.”
“I’m not in high school.”
“Hi uncle Steve!”
He closed his mouth when he caught the mans eyes.
“I am not lazy.”
“Sure thing Steve.” He hugged both Bucky and Sam and then they were gone.
“Don’t you have yoga to teach?” Steve was sure Natasha knew he was avoiding the topic, he could never hide anything from her anyway.
“I er.. tried to shave, but JARVIS kept saying I’d cut myself and well, I did.” He pointed at a spot below his left ear where there was a small cut. “It’s not bleeding, but J is a worrywart.”
“It is, I was a hypocrite, I judged you before I met you and I was prejudiced against you. And that was wrong, I’m really sorry about it.”
“Police academy?”
“Okay, so Monday, at 9:00 am, come to this address. Tony was hounded by the media, so he’s no longer living at Stark Towers. You will be expected to stay with him till seven, at which point Happy will be there. I’ll introduce you two. Also, this is what we’re offering you.” She slid a piece of and a letter towards him. The pice of paper had the address of a house upstate, while the letter had the proposed salary. If he hadn’t been used to unforeseen situations his eyes would have bulged out; they were offering him far too much just for accompanying a man. He wasn’t about to kick a gift horse in the mouth though.
“For lunch, for God’s sake, keep up.” And he managed to look frustrated while he said it.
“The property is very secluded and while you may get a cab from the station it’s a lot harder to call one here to take you there, it’ll just be easier if you have Happy for that.”
“Not hungry.”
“So, it’s the perfect spring day to be out in the afternoon. Besides, I think you’re getting paler by the day.”
“Where’s Sam?” Steve asked, a poorly disguised attempt at changing Bucky’s line of thought.
Over the last two, almost three days, Steve had imagined this moment many times, but nothing in his imagination could have ever met the reality.
“Tony, you can’t pick up a
“Hmm…wow how sad. Imagine, having to start from scratch again.”
“I made a sandwich for you. Ham, eggs and cheese.”
“It could’ve been Bucky.” He said marvelling at the inference the red head had drawn from one offhand comment.
Another one speculated that Stark was being pushed out of the company.
“I’ll take care of it.”
He could feel Tony’s eyes over him the entire time, and when he moved to his left cheek, he looked down. The lighting in the bathroom was amazing, and he noticed for the first time, how
“We weren’t flirting.”
“Pau- Peter.”
“Wouldn’t even, not with your jaw. You’d probably look better with like a full beard. But anyway, enough about you, don’t mess up my beard, I like my facial hair. It makes me look good.”
“But-“
“Is he okay?” He hoped the other man hadn’t called.
“Yeah, for the art school at NYU.”
“Yeah, but he wasn’t exactly conscious at the time, so technically you’re the only one who has met him and spoken to him.”
“What about the money Pete’s parents left him?”
“He tried to hurt himself last week.”
“Should you take it? Steve, you have to take it. But I’m not sure how much you’ll like it. According to Pepper, Stark’s normally difficult, but he is downright intolerable right now. He’ll push all your buttons and you can’t get worked up.”
but by the time he was done, it was almost 1:30. Steve took the medicines from the cabinet above the sink and was about to take the plate to the workshop when a haggard and frustrated looking Stark walked in the door.
“Yeah, you remember him?”
“I could probably break your neck by then.”
“Uncle Steve, get here.”
“Big deal.”
“God, don’t call me that. Reminds me of dad. I don’t wanna remember dad. Call me Tony.” Didn’t want to remember his dad?
“I’m always going to need help with this, aren’t I?”
“What?” His voice was rougher that he expected and he cleared his throat.
“Stark? The weapons developer who was kidnapped in Afghanistan for what, three months? Didn’t you help rescue him?”
“That’s not true, Sam has met him as well.”
“I am.”
“A third job.”
“That doesn’t matter. I still had a bad opinion of you and that wasn’t right because I didn’t know you and without knowing you, I judged you. I had presumptions about you and I allowed that to cloud my judgement. When I see other people doing this, I think they're wrong and yet, I did the exact same thing to you.”
appropriate.
“That kid is already way too spoilt, you know?”
“If that’s your story.”
“It’s not about the money, you know I like my job. You need the job.”
“Okay, but who were you talking about?”
“There’s this thing people normally do, you know after someone’s helped them.”
“Yeah, Stevie’s no longer skinny ass is nothing compared to yours, so chill.” Bucky said completely ignoring Steve.
“And every other thing too, right? I can’t even eat anything other than pizza and sandwiches, that’s pathetic, isn’t it?”
“Wh- Yes, yes that’s enough.”
“Sir is currently in his workshop, you may go down, but he has not confirmed as to whether he would see you.”
Steve was sure it had stopped being ‘ruggedly handsome’ a week ago and was now bordering into ‘unkept’.
intimidating which he supposed was the point.
“Oh no, thank you Ms. Potts.” Steve got up after her.
“Lunch? Do you usually change the topic when you’re uncomfortable? That’s evading Rogers.”
“Well, there’s no one else around.”
“I already did.”
“Well, you didn’t do a very good job the first time around. I’m just trying not to let that mistake repeat itself.”
“Riiight.....” Bucky drew the word out as he always did. “And what exactly you planning to do? Another job?” He already had two jobs, as a gym trainer and in a cafe.
“Steve? Steve?”
“Well, it looks like Steve can’t feel the love kid.” Sam said.
He walked inside the door and almost shrieked when he heard a voice.
“It wasn’t even a test.”
“Anytime Cap.” He said before hanging up.
“What surgery? Don’t tell me you let someone buff you up on steroids. Doesn’t sound very American.”
“Wilson?” There was an evident look of surprise on Tony’s face.
“That’s JARVIS, you can turn around now soldier.” When he did, he found himself with a brown haired man wearing a blue AC/DC shirt and dark ripped jeans. It only took him a minute to place him as the same man who wore three piece suits on magazine covers. His hair was messed, he had bags under his eyes and his left forearm was covered in grease upto his elbow. “He’s an AI, that’s Artificial Intelligence for you, the only one in the world courtesy of, well, me.”
“Eat whatever you like.”
“Oh alright.” Bucky said as he stopped tickling the eight year old boy sitting between him and Sam on the couch.
“Not like that.”
“Yeah, I was! I was a really small kid. I was only able to do this after I turned fifteen.” Steve clarified, pointing towards himself.
“No, trust me, you’re not.”
“Steve.”
“Can I help?”
Steve just shook his head and smiled when he heard Peter’s excited chatter as he quoted all the dialogues in the movie. Sometimes, it was easy for Steve to forget that Peter wasn’t his son but his nephew, the boy was adorable and his excitement was infectious.
“The AMNH."
“You know,” Tony said coming to a stop, “I feel like you’re trying to take me out.”
“Well, if your outburst is over, I’m going to go now.” Steve turned sideways as he watched the other man walk away.
“Yes, Ms. Potts. Show him,” Stark vaguely gestured towards Steve, “whatever you deem necessary, I’ll be down in the lab, and I’d like to be left alone.” And while he didn’t look at Steve, he knew the latter part of the statement was directed at him. It seemed Ms. Potts wanted to protest the statement, but visibly held back as Stark left the room, probably knowing which battles to choose.
“What secret stuff?”
“This is what your mom would want.”
“Really though, that phone needs to go, can you even text on that thing? You need a phone you can you text you can text on Rogers.”
“You know Brucey, as a matter of fact, I did.”
“What!?” The response was almost simultaneous from Steve and Bucky.
Peter, he most likely get what he wants.
“Damn, I really have to come up with a better plan to kill you now.”
“Oh.”
“So, what do you think? Should I take it?”
“Don’t worry, I’ve shaved lots of times, most recently this morning.”
“Do you know how to do a Van Dyke? Cause I want a Van Dyke.”
“Then let him know you’re there if he needs anything, but try to give full autonomy.”
Please let me know how this was, this the first time I've written Tony, and I hope I got his character right, because he is really hard to right. And sass, I hope there was enough sass. Also, I'm always open to constructive criticism.
Well, most of the weight.
“What?”
“It’s not ruggedly handsome. It screams lazy.”
And after the conversation he had with the doctor, it shouldn’t be surprising that he was shaving.
“What? By locking yourself in and not listening to reason.”
“Tony Stark, I’m going to work for him now.”
“Sorry, I, that’s literally how Bucky and I became friends. Only we met in kindergarten. I was a really small kid and Bucky stood up for me.”
“No, no, he’s pretty good. I’m pretty sure we’re making progress. He’s just, he’s so…”
“Insomniac and stubborn included.”
“Revamping my company, that kinda stuff. Damn it.” He said as he let his hand fall back to his side.
“Tony, I was just about to come downstairs, lunch is ready.”
He thought of Peter, with his brown eyes and consistent interest in new microscopes and science books, the fridge in the kitchen whose contents were nearly over without a pay check in sight, and steeled himself. He hadn’t even realised his palms were sweating till he was pushing the door at the end of the hallway open and stepping into the room. There was a large desk towards the opposite end of the room, a white couch to his right. A tall, dark skinned man standing behind it while a woman with red hair was sitting behind the desk.
Everything that he done in this world…all the hurt that his hands caused shouldn’t allow him to have all he had in his life. He had Laura and the kids. He had the Avengers. He had his brother…Tony. But those were three things too many. He didn’t deserve not one so Clint had to even out things and he couldn’t lose Laura or the kids. He couldn’t lose his purpose of being on a team. But he could lose Tony even if he felt like he was losing a part of himself.
“Fuck what needs to be done. I’m the leader of this team. You are not. Be mindful of that, when you’re suggesting what you believe one of my teammates should do. I am the one who cares for their livelihood and their well-being,” Steve said.
Cheating?
“You did. You did good. Okay, he’s talking about the candy workshop they had. It’s a few doors down,” Natasha explained.
Tony rocked forward, but Steve was the one truly in control of the pace. Steve hummed in the back of his throat, sending shockwaves straight up into Tony. Tony rolled his head to the side, mouth parting open. If he drooled…well the sheets had to be cleaned twice after tonight anyways.
Thank you all for the comments, kudos, bookmarks, and just generally love you have given this story! Love each and everyone of y'all and see you next Saturday!
He opened up their group chat and made way to respond to their texts.
“Not a date,” Peter yawned. “And it was good. I’ll tell you more about the day tomorrow. But I’m tired so I’m sorry to miss movie night, but maybe next time.”
Ryder leaned over Tony’s body and gently grabbed the StarkPad from Tony’s fingers. He crawled toward the head of the bead and place his back against the headboard. When he was settled, he softly maneuvered Tony into laying his head in his lap.
Peter took this and said, “But we told Miles don’t listen to him. That kid was probably just taking out his anger unjustly on a kid smaller than him. But either way he didn’t want to seem like he was a baby, so Harley and I have been letting him sleep here.”
“I thought I couldn’t have good things without some good actions on my part,” Clint began.
“Tony,” Steve’s voice echoed in the room.
“I know. I know, Steve,” he said back, his throat suddenly feeling tight and eyes starting to burn. His lips trembled and he let a soft cry escape, before he too was crying.
“Wrong answer. Down.”
Tony shook his head, bringing his knees even closer to his chest. Steve looked around and saw the fallen blanket on the floor, right next to a puddle of vomit. He immediately took it in his hands and placed it over Tony’s shaking body. The shaking continued, but the chattering of his teeth remained constant.
A pause in the conversation meant that Peter was replying and while Steve’s hearing was really good, he could only pick out a few words from Peter.
“So how was your trip?”
“Okay,” Peter nodded and left in search for the coloring book.
Ryder cut himself off, finally aware that Steve and his companions were making moves to leave.
with Mr. Stark,” Ned rasped.
Tony blinked at the switch in conversation. “Are you out of your mind?”
“I don’t blame you, you know? I mean at first I hated you and everything you represented. Like you were the reason my parents died. But I’ve had a long time to think things through and I realized you aren’t to blame and it wasn’t fair for me to place blame onto your shoulders.”
“Like father like son,” Rhodey said his mouth tilted in a sarcastic grin. “So what do you take of the letter?”
Tony was grateful. He soaked in the comfort and it made telling this story, not easier, but smoother. At one point the nurse from before had warned them that they were an hour in and Steve had thanked him for the reminder.
Ryder looked at him expectantly, head cocked to the side as if in amusement. Steve internally scoffed over how there was no inch of remorse on Ryder’s face.
That word settled like acid on his tongue because he didn’t remember him allowing anyone to treat him this way…never granted Ryder permission to do this. But what other word could he choose to describe his lack of actions toward Ryder. If he hadn’t allowed himself to be placed in this situation with his body lying limp in the backseat of this car with the smell of liquor staining his breath, then what was it?
“No,” Tony laughed darkly. “How can I love someone like you?”
Tony raised his eyes at the kid and Miles smiled sheepishly trying to cough discreetly into his stuffed penguin. “Yes, you are. Stop running or I will have to pick you up.”
Clint let out a lifeless laugh, while Steve and Bucky winced.
“Help?” Ryder said eyes turning off the road. “You think I need help? I don’t need anyone’s fucking help. What I need is for you to shut the fuck up.”
Tony imagined that Natasha had thought he hadn’t heard her last statement and he decided not to respond to that. After all, he wouldn’t even know what to exactly say.
“Sorry, I was going to call you and tell them you were here, but then I figured you were on your way home pretty soon so,” Ryder said to him and looked at the kid in Tony’s arms.
“…I tried. Ma, I tried and I nearly lost myself finding reasons to stay away and now that I’m here I never want to leave his side. He’s everything you used to tell me about finding someone you love.”
And people said Tony wouldn’t be good at parenting.
“Not sleepy baba. I’m fully cont…cocertu…coinsci…”
“Ryder please you don’t have to do this,” Tony exclaimed as Winston tried turning Tony’s body over. “No, get off of me! Ryder please. Please. I’m sorry. Look I’ll do anything else you want. Just Ryder please I’m your only yours, right?”
, he chanted to himself trying to calm himself down.
He could forgive him. Oh he wondered how dear old Howard would have if he could see his son now. But then he remembered exactly what he would have said.
Ryder let out a startled groan, tears beginning to mix in with the dirt and grime of his face. “Fuck,” he whined. “Not gonna lie that hurt, golden boy. Though I must say I am disappointed that you don’t do more. I mean these are just baby bruises.”
The man stared blankly at him and furrowed his brow. The woman repeated her question. The confused glare increased.
Pepper frowned as she saw Tony’s eyes become misty. “Oh sweetie. I wasn’t going to say anything, but well do you even like Ryder?”
He had mentioned to Rhodey and Pepper that he thought about just building Miles a playground outside the tower, but they had quickly shut that down. Apparently being around other kids on the park creates social skills and also he needs outside time. So here he was at a public park, but thankfully this was a park where most people like Tony took their kids. So the paparazzi knew not to cross over into that playground area.
“I’m fine with what I’m doing right now,” Sharon cheekily proclaimed. “It’s actually rather amusing. Though I do have to agree that my cousin should have been back by now. However, I don’t even know where he went off to so maybe he’s just kept up talking to someone.”
However, no matter how many times he tried telling himself if he had done all these things he would have probably still eventually wound up by himself. The simple fact that he was Tony Stark was enough to give people the reason to leave him.
Julie still looked uncertain, but chose to do as Tony said.
Tony woke up to a warm arm slung around his waist. He turned slightly over and was met with Ryder breathing softly into his pillow. A slow smile started to grace Tony’s face as he continued looking at Ryder. A few minutes passed as Tony studied Ryder’s sleeping face and taking in how peaceful he looked, when he didn’t have the stress of his job on his shoulders. Tony wished that he could remain as peaceful as this forever. But alas Tony knew his wishes rarely ever came true.
“On one hand who are we to play judge, jury, and executioner you know? Like surely there are lines drawn and this…knowing he’s at the Raft should be enough. It is enough,” he quickly added looking at Steve.
Tony wiggled back, noticing Steve still laying hard inside of him. “Always is with you. But I thought you were aiming to prove me wrong tonight. Care to up the ante and see how far you can go too?”
He stopped thinking about that, remembering how Tony’s eyes had brightened the first time that he had said that he loved him. He remembered the redness quickly gathering in Tony’s cheek, before just as quickly dispersing. It wasn’t fair that Tony had such a control over his facial reactions whereas Steve was often this open book.
“More sleep,” Miles told him opening one eye. “I’m still sleepy baba.”
Cali clenched her jaw.
Some were candid shots such as Thor making a pop-tart mountain or Sam and Bucky arguing over a monopoly piece. Others were sentimental like Harley’s adoption photo, where the whole team were proudly holding a craft board sign saying “Welcome, our newest Avenger.”
He wanted to ask, when. He wanted to know how long into their relationship it was, before Ryder decided to…
Cali placed the needle in Miriam’s outstretched hand. Cali steadied Tony’s head and Miriam leaned forward injecting whatever was in the syringe into his neck. A few seconds passed and Tony felt his jaw slacken and his mouth open up.
“You do the same,” Tony said. Then to Miles he went, “Alright let’s finish up on breakfast so we can get you to school.”
Tony should probably admit both of them were high at the time. Meh, finals were coming up and Tony needed a little relaxation from his stress. It totally wasn’t his fault he found Ryder’s stash after he left-
Bruce let out a soft, oh.
“You could’ve offered and we wouldn’t have even been in this mess,” Clint told her.
Steve wondered briefly why Tony would be having conversations with his intern. Had he had this close of a relationship with other interns? Steve racked his brain trying to find out, but knew that Tony rarely ever took on any interns for himself. He said they needed to gain work experience not the Tony experience.
“But you already have one,” Steve replied.
“I thought…Tony for a second I didn’t know if…”  he broke off, hands tightening to the point they would leave marks at the back of Tony’s neck, but he wouldn’t mind. Tony would feel them as a reminder and that Steve’s presence grounded him into the present.
But had it brought him there in the first place?
Tony lifted one shoulder. “I don’t know. It’s funny because my dad never knew the days, when big things were happening in my life. But suddenly Ryder starts working for him and surprise he’s scheduled Ryder for every single day something important is going on in my life.”
“Welcome to hell Ryder.”
“Oh, come on. When they came by the orphanage did you not see how he literally bent over backwards for his mom?”
But it had seemed that Miles had realized that perhaps Tony wouldn’t be leaving this time. The first night Miles hadn’t come to his bedroom, Tony went to go see if everything was okay. Miles had been in his bed, a coloring book laid upon his lap, and fast asleep. He had woken up a little after Tony had sat down on the edge of his bed. Miles had blearily looked at him, tossing aside Mr. Penguin in favor of climbing into Tony’s lap.
“Says the guy who once said he’d never leave a fight. Says the guy who told me that once he found the person he loved, he would hold tight to them and never let them go. Where’s that person Steve? Huh? Where is he?”
Sam backed away laughing. “Hey, you were the one who said yours was basically impenetrable. I was just testing that…hey Thor fuck put me down I’m a grown ass man!”
Ryder waved his hand in the air dismissively. “Isak? That’s a nice name change, probably why it was so hard to find you at first.”
I'm behind on responding to comments, but know I see you, appreciate you, love you, and will respond soon! As always enjoy :)
He couldn’t have Tony ask him to stay. He couldn’t.
Steve pulled her off of her jail bed by her jacket and stared her in the eyes. “I suggest you tell me where the headquarters are and where Ryder has taken Tony or else I will make sure that you won’t ever leave this cell dead or alive.”
“Well hey there Miles. Man are you getting taller?” Harley laughed. “Hey Mr. Stark.”
“But I actually came here for a more serious reason other than just checking in and bearing soup,” Bucky said, shifting his legs underneath him.
I'm off to take a nap.
“Really, why? Seems like that would be pretty cool to have your cousin involved,” Sam pondered aloud.
Steve’s jaw tightened so tight, that Natasha and Bucky could visibly see the ripple in it. He leant forward, placing his elbows on his knees. With a hardened expression, he stared at Isak noting how Isak simply leant back casually and smiled softly in response.
Rhodey and Pepper arrived shortly after, looking a little worse for wear. Pepper had wanted to stay until Tony woke up, but she needed to go back and check on the kids. When they told Pepper that they found Tony, Pepper had hurriedly sent the kids to May who was willing to watch over them, while she met them at the hospital.
“You know when my father died, I blamed myself,” Shuri started off shakily. “Every time the news came on I saw the destruction. And I thought to myself if I had created this suit for underneath my father’s business suit he would still be alive. If I had been there, I could have saved him. I could have done something.”
Miles pushed away from Peter’s arms so that he could be placed on the ground. He gave Tony a kiss on the check and patted the spot twice.
Clint began to smile widely. “Nothing. I was just beginning to wonder if you could talk for more than one sentence. But that’s good. Glad that things are getting better for you.”
“Tony you really need to stop watching those Hallmark movies,” Rhodey laughed. “They are changing how you view things.”
“Steve, how did you…how?” Tony stuttered. “I mean what…”
And it sounded stupid, but Tony felt like Steve was weightless in those moments and even the weight resting on his chest was grounding. He liked the fact that the same comfort he could find in Steve’s arms, Steve felt the same.
She stood up and walked toward him. A resounding smack was heard as her hand met Steve’s cheek. Steve’s face went backward from the sheer force that Natasha exerted. Natasha coolly sat back down in her seat as Steve tried to register what just happened. He could feel the stinging pain begin to settle in his bones. He hadn’t known Natasha could hit that hard…he never had reason to care how it felt. But now he did.
He stepped back and took a few calming breaths and handed the gun back to Bucky, who then placed it in his holster.
“I mean everyone I knew was gone. My mission was over. I felt I had nothing to live for. Sure, SHIELD gave me a mission eventually, but I still felt like a man out of time, who didn’t deserve to be here.”
Natasha rolled her eyes. “He’s in your room. Here you can take these waters off of my hand then.”
Natasha picked up a biscuit and motioned for Steve to explain.
Tony turned his head to the side. “I know…I think I know that. But sometimes when I looked at him, I just remembered the guy that was my first friend at MIT, the one who taught me how to play beer pong, or the one who brought me snacks to the labs on campus even when it was fifteen minutes walking distance from our dorms.”
Steve didn’t want to, but he had no right to get upset because they were having sex.
Natasha went to him and tried to help him with taking them off, while also trying to see just how unfocused his eyes were. Tony’s wet body nearly slid across the floor.
Steve hurried into the bathroom in the hallway so Ryder wouldn’t see him. A few moments passed before Steve was sure Ryder had left. He stepped out of the bathroom and made sure to close it softly behind him.
Tony reached down into the bathtub and grabbed a hold of the metal drainer, thankful that it wasn’t attached to the tub. He took their moment of shock and went toward them, pushing down the drainer into Rene’s collarbone.
Tony returns Peter with an eye roll of his own. “Whatever you say, Petey.”
here. There never was anything here.”
“We’re gonna get ‘em this time.” The alpha promises lowly and Tony closes his eyes with a nod. Steve pulls away and walks back towards the plane, not losing eye contact until he absolutely has to and the jet’s doors slam shut. Tony watches on, wistful feeling in his gut as the plane zooms away at an unnatural speed.
Tony pales. “So.. that
Peter interrupted, scowling. “Ever since y’all were a bunch of douche bags and-“
“I was already planning on protecting you and tracking down whoever did this to you. Plus, if you falling into my arms twice a day is my biggest problem in life… well, that sounds like a pretty damn good life to me.”
“J, you should check on Tony, I haven’t heard from him in a few hours… I just hope Howard told him gently.”
it has been... so long. pls forgive me
He was proven wrong when he heard the friendly sounding, gruff voice call, “Tony!” from behind his back.
“Tell him no.” Tony quips.
trusts Tony feels like a pretty big win.
When Steve asks where Tony is, late that night, Jarvis is reluctant in giving up his creator’s location. When Steve had persisted, the AI had done what Steve guesses is the robotic equivalent of a heavy sigh before confessing, “I’m afraid Sir is a bit indisposed at the moment.”
who’s coming after you. For all we know, it could be one of your employees. It could be one of the board members! I swear, when I found out you left the penthouse without one of us with you I-“ Steve cuts himself off. Tony starts shaking his head, because he
“Wait. Peter. You realize that if you ever, and I mean ever, speak a word of this situation outside of this room you actually will be killed. Not even by me, Peter, by an experienced assassin.” Tony warns. “You have to keep this between us. Whatever my-“ Tony leans in as if there were people around them “-suit can do, that needs to stay between you, me, and, I guess now Pepper too.”
As soon as Natasha realized that her tough façade was slipping, she covered her adoring smile, but Tony still have her a knowing smile. “Cica, the others and I are leaving now, but you should sleep more. Okay, édesem?”
“Yeah, okay, thanks mom.” Tony banters back.
******
“Sounds good. But first, Tony, I want you to go to medical and make sure everything is okay.” Steve says decisively.
The panic button underneath Clint’s hand had been mashed so many times, he was afraid he may have broken it. But hell, where the fuck was Phil? They needed him. Tony needed him.
The room is nearly completely silent, “Right.” Clint says, clearly looking over Tony once more to see signs of injury.
Please comment & kudos!! I love hearing back from y'all :) I hope everyones school year is going well!!
Steve lets out a growl that rivaled Logan’s, “Stay the fuck away from him.”
to. It’s all he can do to not let his emotions run free. The last thing he wants is for the opposing alpha to see his fear, or even worse,
Exactly thirteen minutes later, Tony is sitting at his “home desk”, wearing a three thousand dollar Armani suit, across from Justin Hammer.
“Pepper Pots.” She said, giving her hand to Tony to shake.
Tony blinks and gives her a small smile, half raising a hand in a wave.
Well if Tony wasn’t shaking before, he’s definitely shaking now. Unceremoniously, he shoves his hands into the pockets of his hoodie.
Tony smiles awkwardly, waving a hand at Steve’s tense frame, turning back in the other direction once more as Steve calls out after him again. He wastes no time before rushing into an adjacent lab, hoping to God it was one where only specified personnel were allowed.
“I knew you were going to say something like that. Look, Cap, I don’t do this often, okay, today is a special occasion,” He says, lifting an expensive looking glass bottle that Steve hadn’t caught yet. It’s close to transparent, but very clearly brown, most likely an aged whiskey. Steve remembers Howard favoring a drink similar.
“I’d rather him be unhappy than unsafe.” Steve said quietly, a round of resounding grunts of agreement.
Her words turn frantic, “I’m here to warn you, Stark. I’m sorry for what I have done but-“
Tony tries his best to ignore the mention of his father. He knows Cap was friends with his dad when they were in the war together. Howard was probably very different back then. Still, he hopes Steve gets the hint to leave Howard out of their conversations. “Well, I
Steve gave a confused glance to Clint, who bounded over and gave Rhodey a hug, before anyone even said anything. James awkwardly patted Clint’s back and pulled away, eager to talk to his friend. “Tony?”
“Answer your phone next time-“ Bruce paused. “-And every time after.”
*******
“Hey, I just wanted to apologize for how we started things. I hope I didn’t freak you out.” Steve says, eyes so blue and honest, Tony has no idea how anyone ever stays mad at him.
Tony sighs, glancing down at his grease stained shirt. “Damn,” He mutters, rushing out of the workshop shakily to get a shower.
“Exactly.”
Steve grunted, agreeing.
It’s all Tony can do to not gape at Steve. Out of everyone, he thought Steve would understand the potential threat of HYDRA. “Steve how are you sure? You were gone for a long time, they could’ve rebuilt. And we’ve already established the fact that Howard was much different when you knew him.” Tony argues, voice rising steadily. He hardly wanted to bring this up in the first place, but he had never expected to be doubted by
******
“Rhodey?” Steve questions, tuning back into the conversation, happy to listen to Tony’s rambling now that he’s not crying or upset.
Thor startled at the sudden movement to his right, settling when he saw Clint and giving him an amused smile before going back to his beloved pop tarts.
hits him like a truck. He pulls his eyes away from
Peter rolls his eyes. “Yeah, yeah. Okay fine. But she’s not entering our best friendship, okay? We’re the bromance in this story.”
Steve lifted his head and nodded with a loud exhale.
Steve feels a lot.
A/N: Helllllooooo everyone! I’ll try to keep this AN short (I failed (this actually might be (((no it actually is))) the longest one yet)) and sweet since they usually tend to drag on. I’m trying to post a chapter everyday (at least for the next week seeing as I wont have any school) but I’m not sure how easily I’ll be able to keep that up. I have drivers ed this week from 7:30 (in the freaking morning) to 2-ish. And my school is 30 minutes away so I get to wake up at 6, yay. But, on the bright side, I’ll have no homework and I’ll be getting home and hour and a half before I do on regular school days so that’s good. I also had to change around a few tags, just for the story’s sake. I think some of y’all might be a little upset, but I did what I had to.
“That’s a highly trained mutant that we found kicking up dust on the outskirts of Baltimore just as you all sped off. He took down 5 agents before we got him sedated.” Fury corrects.
” She all but purrs, tracing down his cheek and Tony preens under her attention. He hadn’t known Natasha nearly as long as he’s known Clint, but she feels like pack anyway. Clint had told him enough stories of her saving his sorry ass to make Tony respect her.
“And that won’t be a problem for him and his family?” Clint asked, gesturing towards the door Tony left through, with an eyebrow raised.
“Me.” Tony says softly. “There’s no way Tony Stark could be a Shield agent.”
Tony groaned. “You always make everything seem not that bad, Logan. I hate it! I want to be mad! I am mad!” He yelled.
Neither of the two answered. Steve sighed and leaned towards Clint as well as he could with Tony in his arms. “You don’t tell anyone what you saw until Tony gives you the go ahead, you hear?” Steve clarifies, feeling Tony’s stressed shoulders ease.
destroy anyone who messes with you. Mine or not, Tony.”
*******
Translations:
Once Tony had made absolute certain that each of the Avengers were gone he headed out of his room.
Tony shakes his head grinning widely at the large dent in his concrete wall. Yeah, the team can
Tony stared at him wide-eyed. “That’s tomorrow? Dang it.” Tony grumbled, turning to return to his floor, before he turned back to Coulson. “Wait- how did you even know I was invited to that?” He asked, narrowing his eyes.
Nat shakes her head. “I understand, Cap, it’s okay.” She takes a hesitant step forward, her walk much more controlled and calm than it was before. She checks Tony’s pulse and looks for signs of a concussion as she feels around his head, checking for any source of trauma. “There’s no signs of any real injury, but he was talking about a visual and auditory hallucination. I think we should get him over to the couch so he can lay down. I'll go get Bruce.” She says decisively, nodding to Steve as she leaves the room in search of the doctor.
“Oh, um yeah, I guess this is- uh, yours.” The bartender said nervously, nudging Tony forward. “Do you need help getting him ou-“ Peter stopped as he watched Steve pull Tony up into his arms seamlessly like he weighed nothing. “Or you could just do that.” He said, backing away from Steve, who was glaring at Peter.
After all, Tony reminds himself,
The boy shakes his head, as if he’s begging her not to do something.
“Tony? Tony, can you hear us?”
But, like it or not, Tony has work to do and SI’s board members have been waiting for him to fall behind and screw things up for every single one of the seven months he’s been CEO. He refuses to give them a reason to push out the only omega they have on their board of trustees. He’s already made history by being the first omega to own and operate a fortune 500 industry, and he’s not planning on letting it slip through his hands anytime soon.
Immediately Tony is tense, wincing as he presses the elevator button a little more frantically.
Natasha rolled her eyes at him. “Hulk,” She addresses and all of his attention is on her. “Can we please have Bruce back? We need him to help us. Tony might be in danger, Hulk.”
“Don’t sass me Bruce!” Tony called back, offended.
Tony’s eyes widened and he backed up, so far that he would’ve run into Phil if he hadn’t pushed Tony away. “Oh- I- uh… geez, sorry- I um, well... Hey, Mr.- um, Sir?” Tony stuttered awkwardly, rubbing the back of his neck. He stuck out his hand, “I’m Tony Stark.”
Howard’s life motto was
Tony doesn’t say much. Just a couple of “I’m sorry”’s and “I know”’s when appropriate.
Everyone knew, everyone noticed, but nobody said anything.
"You mean a lot to me too, Steve. Not just as Captain America... though I
More guilt piled onto Steve. He just wanted to find Tony and grab him and “sorry sorry sorry” Until everything was better again.
Tony’s eyes brimmed with tears, “They’re dead?? Oh my god. Oh my god. I’m so sorry! Please don’t hate me, Petey. I swear I just didn’t know the gloves’ strength and I didn’t want Pepper and I to die! I’m so sorry!” Tony blurts, clinging to Peter tightly.
Rhodey shrugs. “You love me.”
Clint furrows his eyebrows, “I doubt it. The avengers having just moved in and you having just agreed to work with us… there’s no way this is random.”
; still distinctly feminine but it’s not as funny as it should be—seeing his father speak with a woman’s voice. If anything it scares him even more because it may not be his father’s voice but that’s a phrase he heard from Howard many times. It was always the reprimand he received after any kind of back talk. Always the gentle parental warning he would receive
“Wow.” Natasha and Steve said at the same time. Bruce was sighing disbelievingly and Clint was just staring after the kid. “That’s some kid, huh?” Steve asked. “I though you told me children nowadays were vain and snobby? Especially the rich ones?”
“Just like that?” Tony says,
Bruce laughed lightly, “Not at the moment. Anyway, it looks like its about time for us to be done here, we’ll call you later.
Tony’s face scrunches up. “That doesn’t sound boring at all.”
, curling into his brain almost
“You got it, sunshine.”
“Steve.” Tony interrupted, trying to duck his head.
Tony’s face crumples at the question. “Jarvis,” is all he whispers, voice thick and Steve watches helplessly as the younger caves in on himself, hands covering his face. Steve watches in horror as the omega in front of him sobs. Steve’s never been good at this kind of thing. Delicately, he places a hand on Tony’s back and glances up at the ceiling, wondering if the AI is going to respond to his distraught creator.
Two days later, Baltimore is filled with smoke.
As he’s jumping into Steve’s bed, he takes note of the time, 11:50pm.
File: Classified
And with that, the mysterious Phil Coulson left.
Steve nods, “We’re going in the same direction.”
“But he wanted to, didn’t he?”
“I’m sorry.” The man laughs, “Obadiah who?” He asks teasingly. “Looks like we’ll just have to get some incentiv-“ The man stops as he hears a crack under his foot. He looks down and sees Peppers clutch under his foot. He lifts his head to Peppers eyes slowly, a smirk now marring his face. “Well well well…” He said.
The doctor sent him a concerned look, “I could either splint it, or wrap it. I, of course, recommend splint-“
******
******
just a really bad dream, huh?”
Peter rolls his eyes once more, “Well, he seems pretty confident over your relationship.” Peter grins, a regretful look glinting in his eyes. “Seems more like an ownership in my eyes.”
“They got into the lab last time.” Tony curses lowly under his breath, wishing his hands would stop shaking.
Pepper on the other hand, is staring at him like he’s crazy. “Holy shit.” She says, grabbing Tony’s attention. “What in the hell was that?”
Steve rolls his eyes and responded, “Well, for some reason, these guys tend to back out of a fight pretty early.” He was alluding to the first battle he had encountered with the chitauri.
The entire team of the Avengers, Rhodey, Coulson, and a group of about 20 S.H.I.E.L.D. agents were spread throughout the city, tearing the entire city apart looking for one boy. Natasha and Clint took the east side along with five agents, Bruce and Thor took the west with five more agents, Coulson with ten agents in the southern area, and Logan and Steve went alone to the north.
Tony gave him a timid smile back. “Yeah, I am. Now if you don’t mind…” Tony trailed off, unbuttoning the top button of Steve’s shirt and moving so Tony was closer to the door. “I’m just gunna…” Tony bit his lip and opened the door to his bedroom. “Go to bed.” He said quickly, in a shockingly normal voice. He pecked Steve on the cheek and then patted it. “Alone.” He said with a smirk as he slammed the door in Steve’s face and locked it.
Clint sags in disappointment. “Okay. Fine. Whatever. But when y’all come out of this fucking huge closet, I’m the one who gets to say ‘told you so’, okay?”
Steve laughs, neck turning slightly red as he scratches at it. No one should be allowed to be this attractive. It’s really not fair. “I thought it was cute.” He replies, smile genuine and soft and dear god, Tony is so not okay. He can feel the blush creeping up his own neck slowly but surely. “Plus, I didn’t even know that you were the Tony I was meeting today. Your dad… he was a lot taller and broader.” He says, as if that really explains anything.
The men shove Pepper and Tony into the wall, and Tony can see where this is going.
“Yeah, Petey?” Tony asked and after some hesitation he looked up to see Peter giving him a funny look, “Um, Pete?”
his fault that he had caught Tony in that elevator after Rumlow was roughing him up. Really, Steve’s been protecting him since the moment they met so what did they expect?
A broken voice calls out from behind the remaining Avengers.
.” He says, looking embarrassed but so terrified it’s all Steve can do to not run off and make good on his promise to track down whoever hurt Tony like this.
*******
The next time New York had a crisis, the Avengers were struggling.
It had been a long time since he was able to talk to someone for hours on end without even noticing the time pass by.
if you had to. He closes his eyes, no sense in thinking about that right now.
“What happened with Howard, Tony?” Steve asks softly, so confused because really, how could Howard have changed so much?
Tony liked when she talked to him.
“Exactly.” Coulson agrees. “Saturday night, you will attend the event alone, and act as you would at any other gala until the agent approaches you. They will pass off the package and you will wait no longer than an hour before you leave the event and come straight back here. I’ll be waiting to take it off of you.”
But Steve didn’t allow himself to himself to watch Loki’s misery for too long. His attention was immediately turned to the boy writhing and whimpering on the floor. He hesitated for only a second before running to the far side of the room and collected Tony into his arms. Tony didn’t struggle, not moving at all, he just continued moaning, his face contorted in pain.
It’s not as if most Shield agents don’t feel the same way. People aren’t nearly as subtle as they think they are. Even now, as he’s walking down the hallway of one of the most secure buildings in New York City, he can hear their whispers. He knows exactly what they see when they look at him. Never mind the fact that he’s been building their weapons and transportation systems since he was sixteen, people would only ever see what they wanted to. Coulson’s pet project, Clint’s little shadow, Fury’s never-ending headache, a young, wild omega who needs to be taught his place. The words don’t bother Tony the way it used to, at least nowadays people just left him to his own devices for the most part.
“I am all too aware of that, Tony, believe me.” Steve says instead, voice low.
“Well would you look at that? I thought they took away your access card,
When Steve saw the browser that was pulled up, he gasped.
Logan growled in disgust, “Fuck no.” He said as he smashed the blunt side of his claw against Loki’s head, affectively knocking him out.
HELLO so basically IDK if anyone who read fanfiction 5 years ago would be reading this right now but basically this entire fanfic is a huge ass MESS and i am so embarassed re-reading it. I started writing this when i was 14 and now that i'm almost 20 I feel about ready to jump back into the fanfiction world and start writing something actually maybe good. Not sure if this fic deserves a re-write though. If anyone's actually, actively interested in me re-writing this or seeing what I'm up to now, feel free to follow
“They had no fucking right.” The eighteen-year-old whispers, laying his head against the grimy bar table. After a moment, Tony whimpers lightly, “Sorry, I didn’t mean to swear I’m just so angry right now.”
Steve stays behind. “Tony, are you sure you’re alright?” He asks, trying his best not to wince at his own awkwardness. Of course he’s not alright.
So a slightly less creepy note… Onwards!
Coulson just hummed, his mouth set in a grim line. “Maybe we could take this to your floor, Mr. Stark.” He said calmly, tilting his head to the right slightly, where Tony could see a man watching them intently.
when he was plastered drunk, but it’s not as though they still existed.
The entire room turned towards him. The man’s smirk grew ten fold and he took a step closer to Tony, only to be cut of by three fuming men. “Rock of ages?” Phil questioned Tony, “As in, the person who confronted you in your workshop?”
Steve doesn’t get it. Steve wants to talk about Howard because, apparently, he remembers someone completely different than Tony knew. Steve can sense that Tony wants to drop the subject, but he’s too confused by the whole situation to just move on. “But. Your mother? Why wouldn’t she insist on a bond between you three?”
“Don’t. Please?” Tony’s eyes were barely open but Steve knew the endearing look was directed towards him.
Was that bad?
Tony looks away from Obie’s imploring look. He understood the sad, betrayed look the older man had when speaking about Howard. He had felt the same exact way when he had found out about Howard’s betrayal. “It’s something I will have to think about. SI has been trying to go in a different direction but…” Tony trails off. “You’re a good man, Obie. I have no doubt that SI and HammerTech would do great things.”
“Comforting.” Bruce said sarcastically. “Just, no parties, okay? And keep Peter in line.”
“I know it’s annoying, and I’m sure you’ve heard it before,” Tony prefaces, breaking the silence suddenly as he removes his head from Steve’s shoulder so he can look into his eyes, their faces millimeters apart. “But you know what you said about wanting nothing more than for Bucky to be happy, even without you? I’m pretty sure he’d want the same for you, Steve.”
Tony sees Coulson at the end of the alley, where policemen have just begun putting up tape to keep the civilians away. He watches as the agent flashes his badge at them and walks briskly over to the medical team that Tony is attempting to brush off. Phil pushes them away muttering, “Your services won’t be needed.”
“Look Tony, they aren’t mad at you if anything, they’re-“
vulnerable.” Tony argues, face screwing up in annoyance.
A growl leaves Steve’s throat, something feral and fierce as the scent of
Weight: 151.32
“Tony” Logan sighed, backing away from the once again grabby hands of the other Avengers.
Steve clenches his jaw, turning away from the redhead in front of him and slumping in his seat. Tony better actually be safe or Fury was going to be a dead man.
“His past?” Natasha tilted her head, feigning innocence. It was about time she figured out what was up with her little cica.
Peter scrunched up his nose and walked towards the workbench Tony was on. “Is that a helmet?” He asked, pointing at the smoldering thing on the desk.
The second the door was audibly closed, Natasha walked into the room quickly. “Clint, come on, we don’t have much time.” She said as she placed a laptop on the counter. “Gather around, team.”
“Unwanted.”
Steve gives him back a small smile. “I’m glad to be here.” He says, genuinely.
Loki’s eyes dimmed and he narrowed his eyes before saying lowly, “Dimittam de tuus praeteritum.”
********
Okay so maybe, maybe it made sense that he wasn’t wearing the spangley outfit but nothing could possibly explain how the man still looked to be in his mid-twenties. Or the beard. That was really throwing Tony off.
9:44 rolled around, and Tony was suddenly on high alert, brushing off anyone who tried to talk to him and keeping his eyes trained on his watch.
Phil was cut off by a vicious sounding growl, “PHILLIP COULSON I SWEAR TO GOD-“ the phone cut off after that.
JARVIS intones, “As I said before, sir, Captain Rogers is aware of your current status. He says to tell you ‘good luck’.”
Steve’s eyes glance over to the window and damn, he can see the sun beginning to peak out from under the skyscrapers surrounding their tower. He and Tony talked through the entire night.
The beta huffs, “Yeah well, she’s all I think about, so that makes sense. Alphas, man, you know?”
Tony sighs dramatically, “I guess so, yeah.” He gets out of his chair and walks away from Peter and over to his tools.
He sighed and wondered if things would ever be the same.
“My room, My little one.” Steve says, obviously irritated and tired. “Now all of you, go to bed.”
Tony steels himself as best as he can, turning to meet Brock Rumlow head-on, taking a quick step back as he sees just how close the alpha is, their noses almost touching. Unfortunately for Tony, there isn’t much space to move away. The cold metal of the elevator door meets his back, making him shiver. Rumlow’s eyes drag down to Tony’s throat at the movement and Tony can’t help but clench his jaw. He
“Yes, Coulson, geez, cross my heart.” Tony said.
Tony smiled and took her hand, bending down to kiss it. “Lovely Pepper.” He winked. “May I have this dance?”
He makes his way to the workshop, wanting to avoid the silence as well as the news. He hates watching them fight, even if they all look a thousand times better now that he’s redone their suits. He gets too much anxiety watching his friends take hit after hit when he can’t do anything to help.
Tony brushed it off, “That’s fine. I have Coulson and Peter. Peter’s actually coming over later I think.”
Steve clenched his hands and bit his nails into his hands to keep from screaming in rage. “Where are they?” His voice shook with rage, his entire body shaking with it.
“Tony!” Steve gasped, reaching out for the younger boy. When Tony hesitantly gave Steve his hand, Steve pulled Tony on top of his own body, laughing even harder, “It’s hilarious!”
“I just don’t know where he would’ve gone.” Rhodey says, head in his hands. “He wasn’t at his old house, not at SI, I can’t think of anywhere else!”
“CLINT! OH MY GOD!”
Tony scoffed, “Injured? I’m absolutely-“
Steve looks right now. That stops Tony in his tracks. He retraces his steps in his head, trying to figure out exactly what he did to mess things up this time. Then he remembers.
“You’re Thor’s brother, right? The guy who attacked New Mexico?” Tony said, his hand behind him failing to find the button. A look of anger overtook Loki’s face, and he stepped forward, coming dangerously close to Tony.
and this is really late and i'm sorry. school's back and running and ew no someone help :( feel free to send me into the avengers universe that'd be fab.
At the moment, the object that was being blowtorched in his hand resembled a high-tech glove type of thing. More of a gauntlet. In his mind, there was a rounded hole that seemed to appear in the palm of the glove, a beaming device within. He grinned, “Oh, this will be fun.”
He giggles quietly when they walk past Steve’s room, as he realizes that JARVIS didn’t specify. He laughs when he hears JARVIS explain to the confused Avengers and barely has time to look asleep when the door creaks open. Tony can’t see, his eyes closed and the duvet covering everything below the nose. He hears the sigh come from a few people in the group. Steve quietly dismisses them saying, “We’ll deal with it in the morning.” The group all make protesting sounds, and Steve interrupts, “Are you going to be the one who wakes that up? Because I certainly won’t.”
As he stands, he sees that he didn’t just launch a successful attack against a villain, but rather launched a marginally unsuccessful attack at Clint. The torch lands at his feet. It makes the archer start, but not even the frankly laughable throw could remove the worried expression from any of the avenger's faces.
******
Tony raises his eyebrows in interest. He eyes the room contemplatively, even chancing a glance at Steve—Captain freaking America. Would everyone on the team
Also im suffering from writers block, I think, so suggestions? Anyone?
“We’ll wrap it, thanks.” Tony said shortly, not missing his doctors disapproving glance.
Disclaimer: No okay I don’t flipping own the Avengers stop making me say It it hurts.
*****
Tony knew that Steve was worried. Tony could feel Steve’s fingers shaking slightly as they combed through his hair. He was deftly playing with a thread that was hanging off Steve’s jeans.
“N-Nothin-“ Tony sputters before Howard grabs him by the throat and punches him straight in the jaw, and then starts aimlessly punching over and over again before Tony slides to the ground, covering whatever body parts possible.
Maria Stark tragically died at the age of twenty-seven yesterday, leaving behind her heartbroken family of two: her only son Tony and her adoring husband Howard. The family has chosen to have a quiet, private funeral, with only family invited.
open up.
The man, staring at Loki from inside his magical prison stared before starting to laugh maniacally, “But he destroyed you. Like the weakling you are.”
“Okay, okay, hold up. Who is Soul-det?” Clint asks, impatience filling his tone.
Natasha continues inching forward, “Not from me, you haven’t.”
To meet Captain America.
Tony flushes, a delighted looking smile overtaking his face and Steve wants to
Peter laughed shortly, “Please, Ant, if you don’t tell me, you’re going to end up telling Captain-over-protective. And I, for one, won’t ever judge you or stop you from doing what you want.”
“What other boy genius would it be, Jimmy Neutron?” Clint scoffed, and then continued to laugh while the rest of the group glared at him. “-Okay, fine. Not joking time, gotcha.” He muttered, going back to searching the robot.
Obadiah gave him a concerned look, “Are you feeing alright, son?” He went to put his hand on Tony’s shoulder again, but Tony flinched away.
“You messed up. You have to deal with the consequences.” Coulson says unhelpfully.
Loki raised his eyebrow disbelievingly, “I’m no- wait, Rock of Ages?” He asks.
The girl pays no mind to his obvious discomfort, sliding heavily down the metal wall behind her. She meets his eyes, “HYDRA.” The words are nothing but a pained whisper. Tony closes his eyes at the confirmation, not surprised.
*********************
Tony’s nostrils flared angrily. “When are you going to understand that I don’t want to talk to you?”
“We should have at least called Tony.” Steve mutters, receiving an elbow to the stomach from Clint as Fury walks in.
Steve looks up quickly, catching the serious tone. His eyes narrow, “What’s wrong?”
There's going to be a lot of changes to this story but also a majority of the bones are STAYING. the villain is different because back then i thought loki was a villain (??? the clownery) and there are no more weird ass original characters (literally why tf did i have an main "original" character named peter? who let me do that) and Tony is no longer a completely ignorant innocent child because no nineteen year old with the backstory he has would be that dumb and i was doing Tony Stark a disservice by treating him like that.
“You’re so full of –” Tony stops in his tracks, hands patting around Steve’s shoulders and moving slowly down to his biceps.
Soon, Tony’s whimpers turn into gasps of pain and Loki watches as in only minutes, Earth’s mightiest heroes have turned into pathetic, begging imbeciles.
Natasha nodded, “Are you planning on returning sooner or later?” She asked.
“So…. You and Steve huh?” Peter said conversationally as he flung another rubber band across the room for DUM-E to fetch. He chuckled at the sudden clang and sputter he heard from across the room. Tony looked at him, wide-eyed.
He doesn’t.
As it turned out, things slowly started returning to normal.
Peter paused, “Broken, huh?”
“But you’re- you’re like- oh my god!” He laughed again, having trouble breathing.
*****
“But why do you get to commence the cuddling with the little one?” Tony hears Thor whine.
will you two stop looking at each other like that?” Clint grumbles, dragging his feet as he walks towards the kitchen, coffee mug already in hand. “You’ve known each other for like two days, chill out.”
Natasha’s legs were in Bruce’s lap as he read from some astrophysics textbook that Fury had suggested he and Tony to read. Clint was next to Natasha, avoiding all eye contact with Tony, looking at the entirety of the rest of the room.
“The Red Room is a ghost story.” Wanda fires back, “HYDRA is a ghost story.” Her voice loses it’s energy quickly. “They are all the same… until they are not.”
“You tear apart the Avengers-“
Coulson shakes his head. “Alpha. Red hair. It will be obvious. That is the least of your concerns. Once you have the package, don’t leave immediately. Continue to socialize, act natural. Give yourself an hour tops and then leave. Come straight to the tower where I’ll take the package from you.”
Clint threw his head against his own headboard as he heard Tony yell out again. Steve had left approximately 30 seconds ago (just to change out of the annoying outfit), and Tony, even in his barely conscious state had noticed immediately and started whining and crying out for his Steve. Bruce was in the room the second Steve had left, which must’ve calmed Tony a little, but it didn’t stop his cries.
Tony knows he probably looks insane. His eyes are wide and his breaths completely uneven, not to mention the fact he still has goggles still half perched on his head and he’s shaking like a leaf. “I’m- I’m fine. I just. It was Howard.” Is all he can get out, his voice quaking and uneven. He barely notices as he stumbles forward into Steve’s arms for the second time that day but this time actively seeking comfort. He can feel his own nails digging into Steve’s shoulders but he can’t help it, the gravity of what just happened sinking in quick. Steve's hand stays planted at the back of his neck, pushing his face into Steve's own neck and breathing in the barely familiar yet
Okay, I know I KNOW and I’m really sorry this took so long. Feel free to blame school cause’ you know I do. The new chapter will be up sooner I SWEAR. Just know that kudos/comments/ and idea suggestions make me work even faster! I love you guys!
“Correction, Ant, you couldn’t survive through half of one of ‘these things.’” Peter laughed. The room is silent for a moment before the bar tender hesitantly asks, “So… why exactly did you ‘not survive’? I mean, was it claustrophobia or something?”
Natasha, for once, look astonished. “Wha-“
. I don’t want to make
They had been searching for almost four hours when the S.H.I.E.L.D. agents were recalled back to base, leaving just the Avengers on search. They had already tried filing a missing persons report, but the police wouldn’t allow it unless Tony had been missing for more than twenty-four hours.
The other woman, Callie, screeched, “Shan!”
Dust settles and smoke clears slowly, not helped by the intense amount that Dum-E is blasting away with a fire extinguisher.
It’s all Tony can do to not outwardly cheer as the final presenter, one of the more intimidating alphas, finishes her spiel.
Tony’s blush returned full scale. “Well- I just- I didn’t expect you to get one from… you know- me.” Tony stated while looking away, embarrassed.
She had appeared with the same exact entrance that she had before, curling clouds of smoke filling the room until Tony felt like he
“Sir, it may be in your best interest to act quickly, the Avengers did indeed land moments ago.”
“You think I don’t know that, Blondie? I’m just giving him a little persuasion.” Logan said menacingly.
As if Tony wasn’t already preening at Nat’s attention, this amount of praise, especially by someone he respected so much had him brimming with pride.
Bruce, on the other hand was astonished. No one had ever complimented the Hulk, before. Not that Bruce though he deserved any, but still, the compliment was more than gratifying. “Thank you, Mr. Stark.”
“Okay… well I guess we should start in order?” Natasha suggests, clicking the first news article, dated to ten years prior.
Tony knew that he wasn’t supposed to be lonely or bored, because being bored meant he wasn’t studying and not studying meant he was being stupid.
“Rhodey!” Tony all but squealed, trying to get up from the ground. But a large hand kept him on the ground and the heroes around him gave him forbidding looks. Tony sighed and opted to keep everyone happy by calling, “We’re in here!”
knowing he was the one who put it there. “Thanks, Steve.” He says, soft and genuine as he flops back into a chair near his workbench. “I’m gonna get to work on finding that footage of the workshop, alright?”
Peter scoffs, “Alright then, buddy. Hey! Tell Ant to call me when he’s sober enough to hang out!” He says in this tone and Steve knows that the guy is just trying to mess with his head but Steve still turns around he just about decks the guy until he remembers Tony in his arms.
“Well I’m not most teenagers. Obviously.” Tony says with an annoyed glare.
******
“Look, all I know is that 10 minutes ago he had me pinned to the elevator door, basically telling me to back away from his property.” Peter said apprehensively, raising his hands in a surrendering gesture.
*********
that you aren’t mine.” Tony wants to whimper, both at the loss of Steve’s closeness and his words.
might be a part of it. Oh, and me begging for you to protect me like I’m some damsel in distress.” He huffs, “Totally embarrassing.”
“The anniversary of what?” He hears Bruce whisper helplessly to Natasha. Steve already knows. Tomorrow will mark three years since Howard and Maria Stark were killed in a car accident.
“I don’t like that kid.” Bruce muttered. “He’s no good.”
The arrival of Clint Barton and Natasha Romanov went more smoothly, at least in Tony’s case. Well, yes, he gushed over how cool it was that Natasha took down a base of 250 Middle Eastern terrorists all by herself, and yes, he nearly died when Clint told him that he’d teach him how to shoot arrows, but he didn’t ramble or stutter. At least not that much.
Natasha steps forward and Steve realizes for the first time that she’s in her Black Widow get up, “Logan wasn’t lying when he said we needed to get a move on. Coulson said that something’s heading for Earth, and it’s coming fast.”
“S.H.I.E.L.D. trusted you with him. I trusted you with him. You’re going to make this right if it’s the last thing you do. Either for the sake of the Avengers and for the sake of your own sanity, your choice.” He said, promptly turning on his heel and walking away.
He was so caught up in his thoughts that he almost didn’t notice the man standing in the middle of the workshop, dressed in gold and green.
with some emotion Tony can’t define. But the moment passes and the two step away from each other, almost at the same time as Natasha strolls past them, looking more smug than Tony had ever seen her before.
“He was…
God damn it. Steve silently admonishes himself for falling for an eighteen year old with just about the hottest everything that Steve’s ever wanted.
The left side of his face was completely red and purple and his arms were in the same condition.
Tony jerked back at Steve’s words. Steve’s hand fell away uselessly as he looked down at Tony with wide eyes. “Steve- don’t.” He gasped out. “I don’t- I can’t have you saying these things to me just ‘cause you- you pity me- or something.”
“With Pietro and I out of their control they will have no other choice. They don’t like to send him out on such remedial missions, so they sent us. Now that they realize Stark is under the protection of the Avengers, however…” She allows the team to fill in the blanks. She turns to the young omega once more, looking just as scared and apologetic as she had before. “Soldat will not stop until he has you. I’m a manipulator- they wanted me to change your mind with my powers. The soldier does not have my powers. He will be forced to take a more direct approach.”
Now, Steve had heard a lot about this Tony Stark. He was Howard’s kid, after all. Apparently, he was a genius, even at his young age of nineteen. He owned Howard’s company, SI, now that Howard was… dead. A pang went through his heart. Learning that all of his friends were dead and that the world still needed him to be strong and help save the world was a lot to take in, and his head was still spinning. Bucky, Peggy, Howard, everyone. All gone.
“You’d better.” Tony agrees, turning to roll his eyes at Steve as if exasperated with his own creation.
Pretty lady was being pretty.
They were even angrier at the pigsty condition of the tower.
“Yes!” Tony fist pumps the air. “This is going to be great. What awesome spy stuff am I going to do? Oh, can I have a gun? Or wear sunglasses like you? Oh my god-“
Tony huffs out a laugh. “War? Losing you? My birth? Who knows, really. We weren’t close.” He says, “He was a busy man, that’s all, Cap, just drop it.”
Tony might’ve actually screamed in frustration. He’s not really sure anymore. He’s one second away from telling JARVIS to tell Hammer to fuck off when he stops himself. “You know what fine, tell everyone- and I mean everyone- to clear out. I’ve got an important business meeting in ten minutes that I cant have any distractions for. Send Hammer up the second they’re out.”
Logan rose his eyebrows, “Then be mad, kid. Yell, scream, hell- isn’t that what all kids your age do? Be a kid your age, Tony.”
Steve had left. Granted, it had been for a minute, but Steve had left and it was scary and what if the memories came back?
Tony was cuddling with Captain America.
Just because Tony was showing his face around the Avengers didn’t mean that things were normal again. It didn’t matter who tried to talk to him, every time someone tried to make conversation he would ultimately ignore him.
When he notices the smirks on the rest of the Avengers face’s he realizes that its time to end his little game. Tony Stark was going to die.
“So what’s got you so nervous?” The alpha asks after a beat of silence.
Er um and I’m not sure how anybody’s going to feel about the new mayhaps pairing I put in here. If y’all hate it I can change it, (I don’t even ship them, really) I just thought that their characters fit together better in this fic :P
“I’m sure I could change your mind.” Rumlow all but rumbles, breath now hitting against Tony’s neck, just above the space where claiming bites traditionally would be. Tony’s about three seconds from a full on panic attack, not sure if he’s about to fall to the ground in fear or start attacking the opposing agent with every move Nat’s ever taught him, when the elevator doors
His blatant horror must show on his face because Steve looks guilty now, hand reaching out to
There was a silence of understanding. “Fair enough.” Clint said quietly. “But that doesn’t mean that what that Peter kid did was right. And that definitely doesn’t mean I like him.”
Coulson laughs in a huff and sits. “Tony, I have a proposition for you. It’s serious, though and would require a lot from you.”
He shoved away from the big man who let out a tiny chuckle. “God damn it, Logan! JARVIS said that everyone was asleep!” Tony whisper-yells, hurt by JARVIS’ betrayal.
Steve tries his best to hide his grin, “Wouldn’t dream of it.”
“They all saw this tragic story of a hero who helped us win the war. That’s how everyone sees him nowadays too. Heroic Bucky Barnes…” Steve trails off, shaking his head once more. “He never wanted to be a soldier. He
Tony’s eyes then snap to his wrist. Wait just a minute. Tony wanted to face palm, he quickly pressed the button on his wrist and he just prayed that this would work. He waited…
Suggestions are still super welcomed cause’ writers block is a bitch but right now I’m it’s bitch and its not fun soooo **help**
Logan rolled his eyes, “He’s a kid genius, guys, and Tony finished college seven years before any of the people near his own age. He didn’t have any friends to “peer pressure” him.”
Her cica was just a baby, after all. He didn’t need a 75 year-old war hero in his life until he was at least old enough to drink.
have a lot of extra room. And I’ve been bored lately. Your suit definitely needs an upgrade.” Tony teases, poking Clint in the side and giggling as the other jerks back and yelps loudly.
Helllllllooo anyway guys. This is a short chapter and its late (I’m sorry) I’m just really stressed out right now so I’m not going to promise anything. If not every day, it will be every other day, even if its updated at 11:50 like this one :P I don’t have that much to say about this chapter except it might have trigger warnings for child abuse and alcohol abuse and some implied stuff.
Tony props himself up on his elbows, giving what must be an attempt on a flirtatious look, but he’s laughing too much to pull it off. “I don’t think anything could
After giving the avengers a quick of the communal spaces on the residential floor and introducing everyone to JARVIS, Tony sneaks away to the workshop as quickly as possible.
“If no one knows what it is then how did you get into it?” Tony asks, definitely curious but mostly wanting to keep the attention off of his still shaking hands.
What? Another Chapter already??? And it’s freaking long as hell?!?! Yeah, I know. This is crazzzyyy. But at the beginning of a fic I usually get really pumped and update, like, a lot. So….. um yay! I don’t think I got any questions… I don’t know how old steve is though. Like 25? Ish? I don’t think 6 years is that big of an age gap (especially considering when Stony is with Tony as like 35) and though it sounds kind of pedophile-y I think that age is just a number :P
Dr. Banner seems to appreciate it anyway, smiling back, “Thank you Dr. Stark, your work on… well, just about everything else is just as impressive.”
It would make so much sense.
“Not like Steve’s, you don’t.” Tony quips back, though his face is slowly turning red. He scrambles to get up, huffing only slightly as Steve stops his movements.
Disoriented, Peter tried to push Steve off, “Fuck off man, you’re not his dad or his older brother! You’re not anything to him!”
Steve knows that Tony's not talking about Howard.
Because Lord knows Steve’s made a fool of himself. Acting like an alpha in rut; growling at his friend because she got to close to an omega he thinks is attractive, ordering said omega around like Tony is his, and nearly ripping Tony’s packmate’s hands off for grabbing the omega. Steve has clearly never been the smoothest alpha in the world.
“Guys, be nice, please.” Tony said awkwardly, brushing himself off as Clint let him go. Clint smiled apologetically at Tony before heading back to his room, Natasha, who must’ve been there the entire time (and this is about the time that Tony realizes that Nat could easily figure out some pretty messed up stuff about Tony just by doing that whole silent-walk-y thing), following closely behind.
*****
Steve nearly growls as Tony is pulled from his arms but stops himself just in time. He avoids eye contact with Natasha, not wanting to see another one of her judgmental looks. He’d apologize later. Hopefully after he gets his emotions in check.
First, a large blonde man, dressed in royal armor and a red cape. He had a large smile on his face, and Steve was 90% sure this was the demigod, Thor.
“And the sky is blue. Come on, everyone has negative opinions about me except Rhodey and Pep, probably Happy too, but that’s probably cause I pay him”.
“For what? I’m the one who probably owes you like a hundred apologies. I’m worse than a petulant child.”
“You’re really going to spoil him like this, you know.” Steve said disapprovingly but didn’t stop Peter. But, “Peter slow down a bit okay, just because I know how to perform a Heimlich manoeuvre doesn’t mean I want to.”
It was a pleasant Saturday evening, there was a nice breeze and no chances of rain, so they had all decided to have a barbecue at Sam and Bucky’s backyard.
“Heard what?”
“And while the blonde Adonis is
“You’re telling me, the guys-” an arrogant prick, he wanted to say, but JARVIS was listening, he was sure, “unbearable.”
“No.” It’s concern. Steve wanted to say that out loud, but decided against it, he didn’t think Tony actually wanted to hear that out loud and would probably flat out refund if Steve did say it. But it seemed that there was no need for it, because Tony sighed heavily after a few moments.
“Should I even ask how you know? You’re really missing your calling as a world class international spy you know.”
He could feel the Captain Rogers persona slip and he was now back to Steve who used to pick fights in back alleys.
“That’s where most people go wrong. Anyway, my time’s up, I have to go.”
“And?”
“And that stubbornness is the reason you won’t wear a cast. I mean, come on, it’ll help with the pain Tony.”
“Granola bars”
“Alright. Good night.”
Steve nodded, but couldn’t help but feel as if he wasn’t actually being forgiven.
“Peter, what were you doing there?” Steve asked checking for grass stains. Nowhere apart from the knees of his pants. He really wondered how the boy was still energetic, after all they had spent the whole afternoon at the museum of natural history. He though Peter would fall asleep before the food was done.
It would be insulting to call it a thing, could it,
“Oh, okay.” Bucky said with raised eyebrows.
“Yeah, it was really difficult to do inside the house, no opportunities.”
“What do you mean?”
“I got everything in uncle Steve.”
“JARVIS, does Mr- how does Tony like his pasta?”
“Secret stuff.” There was a strain in his voice as he moved his arm inch by inch, attempting to bring it up to his knee.
“Who’s Sam?”
He was standing in front of Tony Stark’s house.
“You should also eat your food, Mr. Rogers.” Steve started climbing up the stairs as he walked back toward the kitchen.
“Oh, Steve, you’re here.” Ms. Potts was now in the foyer? and her appearance pulled Steve down to earth.
“Would you like a tour of the house, sir?” Maybe when he was in the mood for a workout.
“Doesn’t mean you have common sense, apparently.”
“Right, there you go. Have a good night.”
“You really are the kind of guy who would care, aren’t you?” There was hint of shock and an undertone of….admiration, maybe, in his voice, that made Steve wonder if the man really was everything the media projected or was actually just
“Alright. I guess I’ll see you next week Steve.”
“Good morning, Mr. Rogers.”
Steve felt a shiver go down his spine at the intensity with which Tony was looking at him and found himself unable to agree.
“No, that's fine, you can stay and watch the foreplay.”
“You know Nat, I think you’ve forgotten that you’re the only one who’s met the guy.” Clint said from behind them where he was doing the ribs.
“Um, how do I-“
“Oh for Gods sake, stop nagging me.”
“Just go and sit, I’ll make a delicious dinner okay? I promise it’ll be as good as Sam’s.”
Thanks a lot for the comments and the kudos guys.
“No, you won’t.”
I wanted to introduce (or re - introduce) Tony to you all and obviously Steve. And Peter gushing over Tony is life.
“That isn’t lunch-”
“I apologise, but that isn’t in my programming.” Steve was suddenly aware that he had been chatting with an AI most of the day, that he had made friends with the AI, but he hadn’t had a single civil conversation with Tony the whole day. He could feel irritation and frustration seething inside him. Stark was much worse than he though he would be, arrogant, pig headed, selfish, self absorbed, egoistic and disrespectful. It wasn’t as if Steve had been
“Sam, I don’t how to thank you.”
Also, Steve and Tony can't even have lunch without fighting.
“Well, honestly it was never about any of that, I’ve fought in a war, and so has Bucky. Bucky who got captured by enemies and lost his arm. I worked with Dugan who still has PTSD and Peggy who was so hardened by the war, she was never the same again. And I think I just resented you, that you make a living out of this war staying here, and may even push for it, no please let me complete, while we all watched friends die out there on the battlefield.”
At the beginning it had only been Saturday’s, but three months after Peter had moved in and Steve realised working ten hours during the week wasn’t going to be enough to make ends meet. So, Bucky and Sam volunteered (which meant that they backed Steve into a corner until he wholeheartedly agreed with them) and now it was the weekends as well.
“I’m hungry, we’ll just make him cook dessert.”
“I got a spot for a job interview.”
“Then you’ll push through this. You don’t need to have the full use of your hand to be what you’ve always been.”
“I know what it is squirt, you just don’t like the food I cook.” Steve said crossing his arms over his chest.
, was the headline.
“Your welcome.” She laid a hand on his arm and smiled before leaving.
“Satisfied?” Steve asked after a few seconds.
"So what plans do you have?” Steve asked, keeping his book aside.
“He’s probably just afraid.”
The property was almost a hundred acres, a large glass house right in the centre of a lawn. It was so extensive that walking from the front gates to the front door would take at least fifteen minutes, which was the reason he was glad he’d decided to take a cab from the station. The subway was the only route of commute from Brooklyn that didn’t take too long and wouldn’t completely tire Steve out.
“Then why would you tell him?”
“MIT does, doesn’t mean they aren’t boring.”
“Wear a suit.”
“Touche.”
“I - what?” Steve wished he had a dollar for every time he embarrassed himself, he really would not need this job at all.
“No thanks.”
“At SI, with his PA, Pepper Potts.”
“She would, she thought your art could make a difference, and I agree. And I think you should get a chance to learn it better.”
Steve opened his mouth and then shut it again. He ran a hand over his face.
“Wha- Oh yeah, it’s better than I expected. You’ll have to keep it trim from now on though.”
“Alright, fine, I know just the place.”
“Right, what was his name? Patrick? Pietro?”
“Steven Rogers.” He looked up from the papers to see the woman from before and got up, placing the papers back in their place.
“You are?” He ignored the latter part of her statement, it could be true, or it could be a lie, but unless she wanted him to know, he’d never find out.
“Of course Steve, I’ll see you on Monday. Good luck.” She said with a smile before he walked out.
Realising he’d already gotten home, he shook his head to clear it and walked up to his apartment. An automatic smile spread across his face as he heard the sounds of Bucky and Sam teasing Peter. He opened the door and let himself in.
He placed his hands over the other mans face. His skin was soft, with a slight rough edge to it, probably a result of age, but it gave him more character. He dragged his hands down his jawline and over his neck, and felt more than saw the other man shiver. He could feel his own hair standing on end as he rubbed the lotion over his Adam’s apple and the rest of his neck.
Steve was speechless as he tried to comprehend that within two minutes of meeting the man, he had already been insulted in a single sentence that was spoken at a rate that would put a young, nervous Hermione Granger to shame.
“He’s right here, y’know.” Steve said making sure he was audible above them.
“Right, Peter.”
must be Colonel James Rhodes who Sam had been talking about.
“You have?”
“Then tell him I won’t leave until he comes out, and that I’ll start banging on the door while I stay here. I don’t care exactly how immature it is.”
The door opened and there was no one to be seen.
“You have peripheral neuropathy Tony. I’m talking about the pain that has you finishing the whole bottle of acetaminophen.”
“Ye- Yeah, it’s fine. Who knew you could be so gentle?”
“You would also be required to try and keep him from… well, doing stuff, you know, stupid, crazy stuff.” Ms. Potts said.
“You know, you can call me Steve.”
“Oh, come on Brucey, I got stuff to do.”
“Yeah, it didn’t er.. didn’t really work out that well.” Steve could still remember how badly he was teased for it by Bucky and Clint.
“Stop cutting me off, it’s disrespectful.”
“I did.”
“Bucky…” Steve groaned, somewhat helplessly.
“Well, it is Sunday Stevie, teasing Peter is what we do on Sundays.”
“Uh huh good for you Rogers, you’ll definitely get the employee of the year award. I don’t want to have that sandwich, go back.” Stark turned around but stopped when Steve spoke.
Steve and Tony talk, and clear the air.
in his code. Well, only sometimes, okay none of the time. He helps with whatever you need, food, groceries, restocking the toilet paper. He’s the go to man. If you ever, you know, forget the way out, he’ll point you right to it.”
“Tons of people can’t shave their own beards you know, I used to do it for my friend Bucky throughout high school.”
“According to Ms. Potts, you can’t currently use forks so you obviously can’t eat the spaghetti, so I made you something that wouldn’t require one.”
“Bucky.....Peter.” Steve groaned. His best friend could get an award for his crass.
Dr. Banner apparently agreed.
“No, I mean, do you like, take him places or something? I don’t know what parents do with mini people.”
“No, Barnes would never tolerate Stark, and he likes his job too much. Not to mention, you’re the one who needs it.”
Steve, just as everyone else, was well aware of the lobbying and all of Stark’s influence with politicians. What was worse, was that despite having everything, the man still didn’t seem to appreciate any of it. But, Steve wondered, why was the man shutting down that part of the business now? Maybe it was just a guilty conscience, either Steve would find out soon.
The next newspaper contemplated if Stark had defected while in captivity and if that was the reason he shut down the weapons manufacturing.
“Ugh, why are you this upstanding Rogers? Fine, you answer my question honestly and we’ll call it even”.
“Oh come on, you were there at the session.”
“Rhodey’s fine, it’s an honour to meet you as well.”
He heard the clearing of a throat from inside, “uh, kind of, but I swear to God you ever mention this to anyone….”
“Right,” it was Ms. Potts that spoke, and Steve almost felt bad, she may not have had experience with this behaviour. “Steve, please take a seat.” He thanked her after he sat down and Colonel Rhodes seemed to have pulled a chair out of nowhere.
“Look, all I’m saying, is I don’t need anyone to bring me my
“It’s not sympathy, it’s my
“I did, I even ate all the peas.”
“Still, is this the kinda stuff you and Sam talk about around him? He’s a kid.”
“Your non-existent love life Rogers? Of course.” Steve sent a glare in her direction and looked around to see if anyone needed help. There was a woman on the treadmill, one using an exercise ball, and the others had different instructors.
“Okay, but what does Steve have to do? Wipe his-“
“You aren't able to do them right now anyway. Plus, I think that’s the whole reason Pepper hired Steve.”
Steve couldn’t help but agree with JARVIS’ concern.
Looked like he couldn’t use that excuse.
“Oh come on, I’ve only know you a week, and you’re basically an American boy scout, how am I supposed to insult you exactly?”
“Hand to hand combat training?”
He walked to the front door and rang the doorbell.
“And I’m not sure how, but I’ll do everything I can to make it up to you.”
“Colonel Rhodes, I know him from the air force, he’s Stark’s childhood friend, said he needs someone firm and strong who won’t take Stark’s shit. I told him Steve is ex-military who’s looking for a job and has experience helping me out at the VA. Uh, he was actually offering me the job, but I already have one.”
“He said it was before I was born.”
“Yes?” There was silence for a few minutes as Steve waited for a response. He wanted Peter to say whatever he was feeling and take as long as he needed for it.
“JARVIS? Can you call Tony out? Or maybe I can go in?”
“He’s a pararescue.”
“Oh! Well, that makes more sense. So you probably know what it’s like to pop pills day in and out. How were you fit for the military?”
“I doubt it. Anyway, you should be able get better with the therapy.”
Either way, Steve was stuck with him and he with Steve and maybe getting to know the man might make his job bearable for both of them. Maybe Steve could properly introduce himself to Stark, show him he was there to help and not condescend the man. Yes, he thought, that would work.
“With what it pays, you can.”
“Okay, well er, how do I get there?”
So, he was thrown in a loop when the man stood at attention and saluted him.
“Yeah, it is. You don’t know what it’s like.” Steve signalled Tony to keep quiet as he started shaving the other side.
“Cause he’ll have only one job.”
“No, please let me help, I’ll wash the shrimp, and I can boil the pasta, please.” Peter was now bouncing on the balls of his foot as he occasionally glanced towards the tv and Sam and Bucky, who were pretending not to listen.
“And if I’m not?” The other man was now clearly avoiding Steve’s eyes.
“Yup, probably that. I’ll be in the lab. Bring me some food, something that doesn’t require a fork.”
The Tony Stark he’d read about in the papers and the occasional magazine was always immaculate and put together. Even in the pictures where he was leaving a party drunk, he always seemed very put together.
There was silence then. No one, not even the AI said anything. Stark and Ms. Potts were staring each other down, probably trying to see who would back down first, no one did. In the end it was Stark who broke the silence.
“Here, look what I found.” Bucky said as he pushed papers over the table towards Steve.
“You, in your hulking six feet and biceps. You were a small kid.”
“No, I don’t have to listen to this bull-”
There was a man in dress pants and a green shirt standing in front of Stark.
I am sorry that there's no Tony yet, but we do have Sam, Bucky, Peter, Natasha, Clint, Pepper and Rhodey, so hopefully that'll make up for now, next chapter will be all about Tony and Steve.
“It is for me!”
“Killing me and taking all my money.”
“Not enough, if you’re skipping meals to feed the boy.” Steve felt his neck snap as he looked up at Bucky. “Peter told us, he’s worried you aren’t taking care of yourself.”
“That’s not what I meant.”
“Of course he would.” A loud voice said boisterously as Sam barraged into the kitchen. “Even the squirt knows I’m a better cook.”
Friday came far sooner than Steve had anticipated and it seemed he had been quite unprepared for it.
"Of course I am," there was a touch of indignance in Starks voice that Steve hadn't heard before. "I just gotta convince the board to take a different direction. But that won't happen till the injunction is removed. Obie’s working on that."
“What?” Sam sounded incredulous.
“But-”
“No, he doesn’t seem like the kind of man who would. So, how did you two become friends?”
And I promised I would do it efficiently, so this is me doing that.”
Also, does anyone know how to insert images here? I was trying to insert pictures of Steve and Tony but I was unable to.
“Peter.”
I hope the shaving scene was okay, I'm sorry if I've done anything wrong, but  I've never seen a man shave before so I didn't have much to go on.
Steve decided not to dwell on it.
“What pain? It doesn't hurt.” Banner gave Stark a plain look.
“Alright, so we’ll go there this weekend, that okay with you?”
“For you Mr. Stark, not me.”
Glad to not be under her scrutiny, he deflected. “Okay, so, how was your weekend?”
“Unless they pay me as much as I earn now..”
“Look, I’ll figure something out.”
“Peter...”
“God, do you always sneak up on people?”
“That’s his college fund, he’s...he’s so smart Buck, he can’t not go to college.”
“Mmm..and what do you do when you’re not with Paul?”
“So, uh, I had a motive to bring you out here.”
“Nothing, you wanna start on dinner?”
“You get your job at the gym again. And you save up enough from this job to help on a rainy day. C’mon Stevie, I think it’s a good idea.”
“Yes, sometimes we do, others we just have to do it without a reward.”
“Getting bored, are we?” Stark said, casually leaning against the doorframe, looking uninterested.
“Really? Wow, I had no idea.” He said looking at the rest of the table.
“All my life, I was small and picked on.” He could see the shock in Tony’s eyes from the corner of his eyes, and tried to focus on what he was doing instead. “We were poor and couldn’t afford much, I had a bad heart, terrible asthma and was probably the most picked on kid all through middle and high school. The point is, I get not being able to do things for yourself and the pain and more importantly the embarrassment that comes with it, but there’s nothing wrong with asking for help. It doesn’t make you a smaller person, it makes you a bigger one.” He said just as he was finished working with the razor and looked for a trimmer.
The smaller man, traveling closely behind had black hair and a prominent smirk on his face. For some reason, this didn’t settle right with Steve.
But, all good (or in the case, “all OKAY”) things end eventually.
Tony smiles, open and genuine, “James Rhodes. We met in freshman year when he pulled some posturing alpha off of me at a party.”
Steve exhaled silently while looking closely at the sleeping kid beside him.
“It’s definitely strange.” Bruce agrees softly. Tony startles, seemingly unaware that the quiet beta was in the room. “Especially considering whatever it was just so happened to attack the day we all move in.”
It doesn’t take them long to get back to base after that. The three alphas, along with Bruce, enter what looks to be one of Shield’s high security floors, mostly meant for interrogation.
Tony sighed and continued to give the Avengers all the visual help he could, but Tony couldn’t help but feel completely and utterly useless.
. “I’ve never been much of a fighter, I’m just too small. But if there’s any way I can help defend the people who need to be defended, I want in.” he says simply, shrugging and sending a somewhat challenging look Steve’s way.
Tony lets the questions sink in.
Steve blinks hard and tries his best to relax, opening his posture slightly. “Geez, Nat, I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I haven’t been around many omegas for a while and…” He winces, already guilty and embarrassed at his outburst.
Age: 18.1 years
He had never necessarily been comfortable around Howards friends, but his work “friends” were always the worst. All of them military types who would drink way too much and stare at Tony for far too long, even when he was just thirteen.
“So, you and Clint are really close.” Steve acknowledges, changing the subject not too subtly.
Clint looks troubled at the words. Everyone does, but Steve can see an extra shade of something behind his teammates eyes. In the short amount of time Steve’s known Clint, the man had never had such a violent look in his eyes.
Peter was flopped onto the couch in Tony’s workshop, bouncing a ball lazily against the ceiling, while Tony worked vehemently on some new idea that had hit him in the middle of multiplayer GTA V. “Tony…” Peter whined childishly.
Steve huffs in acknowledgement but doesn’t move his eyes from the boy through the window, who stood defensively the second she walked through the door.
Steve huffed unhappily. He didn’t like “Petey” one bit. By the annoyed looks on Bruce and Natasha’s face he could tell they felt the same.
Tony shrugs, smile soft on his face. “Yeah, well, we met when I was fifteen. After my parents died he really took me under his wing.” Tony gives Steve a suggestive look but the alpha just snorts at his pun, “I don’t know. He’s the first real packmate I’ve ever had. Other than Jarvis, of course.”
He triple checks it himself.
Tony does his best to revert his attention to the only other person in the room, someone who Tony was not aware would be joining their meeting but a familiar face nevertheless. “Dr. Banner.” He says, smiling at the scientist across the table. “It’s so amazing to finally meet you. I was at MIT a few years back when you gave that lecture on gamma radiation. It was absolutely incredible.” He praises genuinely, and it takes every ounce of his self-restraint to not add on a compliment about how much he
Tony takes a moment to think before responding. “I want to help. In any way that I can. Clint and Natasha already have rooms in the tower. It only makes sense for the avengers to set up base there too. I’m totally fine with it. Beyond fine, in fact. You guys do all the hard work, I’ll just make you look cool.” Tony says, and all of it is
Tony shut his eyes tightly and scrunched his nose, “I… um, don’t… Rock of Ages. He thinks I’m interesting. He’ll be back.” Tony reiterated, laughing a little before it sent a wave of pain through his temples. “Gosh darn it what did he do?”
There was no response for a while until, “Jarv-vis?” A heartbreaking sound followed. Jarvis slowly opened the door.
“No.” Steve cut him off curtly. He placed his hand behind Tony’s neck and gripping it just as he had a few days before, “YOU know exactly what I’m talking about.” Steve says, emphasizing the “you”.
Tony once again hit the ignore button on his ringing phone. So far, he had ignored 5 calls, 2 from Peter, 2 from Steve, and now, one from an unknown number. He had been awake since the alarm went off at about 4am and as soon as the team had left, he was in his workshop working on his new “secret project” (he has deemed it as the “secret project” because it’s dangerous and exciting and if the team knew they would definitely shut it down). The Avengers had quickly jumped up and, with many complaints of soreness, ran off to some country in Asia that was having a “giant robot Godzilla” type problem. While Tony wasn’t too worried, he still didn’t like being stuck alone in the tower, while his team was out there fighting.
Tony thinks Howard had stopped breathing for a second. “What. Did you just say to me?” Howard asks, his voice dangerously low.
Wait, really?
Tony shook his head to clear it. He gripped the distinctive whiskey in his hand, the bartender had given it to him with a paternal looking glare, daring him to drink it. Tony just rolled his eyes and leaned against the counter, waiting for this informant to show up.
Tony let out a string of nervous laughter. “Um- yeah… it was… it was just… awful.”
Tony nods. “It’s about the person that attacked me. I’ve been doing some research.” He pauses, internally debating if he really was making the right choice here. “I wasn’t even sure if I was going to tell anyone about this before I got more information. I don’t know who’s trustworthy, but I think I can trust you.”
Clint nods. “I’m glad you’re here too. We
“Don’t be ridiculous, Tones.” Clint says soothingly, holding Tony in a fierce hug. Something that feels like jealousy pricks at the back of Steve’s head. He remembers when he loved someone like that. He remembers having that brotherly affection for someone, wanting to protect them against the entire
Tony yelped once more and rushed down the hallway, nearly sleeping on his socked feet. He jumped into his bed—well okay, actually Steve’s bed, but Tony hasn’t been able to sleep and Steve’s smell just helps, okay?
Tony cuts them off instantly. "I'm sorry, I think there must have been a miscommunication. I'd be happy to partner with HammerTech on many things, Obie, but SI doesn't do weapons. Not anymore."
I’m sorry for not updating. The number 6 key on my laptop broke off and I needed time to mourn its death :(
Every word was matched with another kick. Tony’s body curled in on itself, his hands instinctively covering his head. “Wh-a-at did I –do-o?” Tony asked, though it came out as a plea.
“There’s nothing to do now. It is over.” Loki said lowly.
“I did realise that. That’s the reason I had a change of heart. “
“No, by existing
“Ah, right Rhodey’s friends with him. And honestly, he doesn’t use that term lightly.”
“No.”
“What do I with him? I raise him.”
“Yeah, I...Okay I’ll go, but where is it?”
Mostly,
Steve stopped reading the article as it now contained old information he was more or less aware of.
“Okay, then take a loan off us.”
With his non-dominant hand.
“I don't.” Steve was glad that he wasn't the only one who went red at inopportune moments given the state of Banners face and neck.
“No, not until you’ve-”
“Well, you’ve flirted with my boyfriend a lot.”
“Yes.” He didn’t need to see him to know he was lying. He soon got back in his bed. “Alright, where is the field trip your school is taking you to?”
Steve cleared his throat.
“I can do that.” Steve said, he came to realise he’d agree to anything if it meant he was getting this job.
“Don’t, knowing Stark, you’ll probably never thank me again, but he does need the help. They’ll probably increase the money later, I think cause he can be...difficult. They even have health insurance and other benefits for you and Peter.” Health insurance? Well, he definitely needed that, the one had currently was more a scam and necessity was the only reason Steve took it.
“Okay, thank you, but there’s no need for anyone to pick me up or drop me off.”
There was a stack of newspapers and magazines on a table next to him. He picked up the first one.
“Ah huh, so the first thing you did after a surgery was lock yourself in a gym.”
“I’m sorry Steve, I probably should’ve sent a car to pick you up at the station.” She was now speaking over Stark, who was continuing on a tangent about how board meetings and galas didn’t count, but fell silent once she turned to glare at him. “Tony-“
“I already told you, I don’t always just shave it away. And I’ll do a good Van Dyke.”
“Good morning Mr. Rogers, Ms. Potts told me to expect you. Sir and Ms. Potts are in the living room, you can get there by walking straight down this hallway and then taking a right.”
Bucky continued staring at him. Steve sighed.
“Really Tony, you’re going to talk about punctuality?”
“Damn, I almost wish
“I know you’re only joking-"
“More than you, punk.”
“No, he’s just…Tony. There’s no other way to describe him.”
“Can I also take care of you?” He felt the sting in his eyes as he nodded and moved to hug Peter. The boy obviously had the same idea as got up on his bed and wrapped his tiny hands around Steve’s neck.
“When is the interview?”
“How do you know all that squirt?” Sam asked after a minute of stunned silence.
“Why did you have a low opinion of me? Apart from the arrogance and the playboy image, I mean. And what brought about this change of heart?”
Stark raised a single eyebrow.
“What about-“
Or wouldn't.
“You both already do so much.” It was true, Sam and Bucky looked after Peter every evening and all day on the weekends.
“Did I do something wrong?” The look of worry in his eyes made Steve want to hit himself. He placed a hand on the boys forehead.
“Go away jerk.”
“A loan.”
“Pizza for dinner.” He laughed again.
“Seven.”
“Okay, wait, have you met him?”
“Yeah, sure Buck, I’ll dress up as Captain America.”
The article written in this chapter is taken from the MCU newspaper and has the same title, but the article is written by me. I'm not sure how similar the two are because I only read that article once. Here's a link to it -https://scifi.stackexchange.com/questions/20856/is-the-age-of-tony-stark-consistent-with-the-appearance-of-his-father-in-the-cap
He had a feeling that was how Stark was with all aspects in his life. He did what he liked.
“JARVIS?” He tried, a bit hesitantly. Although the AI had given him directions, it was obvious his loyalties lay with his creator, and really wasn’t that befitting the egomaniacal image he had read about, he may not help Steve at all.
“Yes, I’ve noticed. But, you’ll be fine.” He said stepping back, finally done with his job.
“Well, jokes aside,” Steve turned to fully face Tony, “I wanted to apologise to you.”
“I -That’s not why I-”
“I’ll give you a three hour lecture on integrated circuits.”
“God, that phone is an insult to technology, you could at least use a flip phone Rogers.” Stark was back with the empty plate.
“Right, okay. I guess I can do it, just remind me why I’m doing it.”
“It’s the truth.”
“Puberty, huh?”
“No Peter, you didn’t do anything wrong. You are the best nephew anyone could ever ask for. You don’t complain, you have a good heart and even at this age your mature and have a good morale. You’re not only a smart kid, but the best kid I know. I want you to know that nothing is ever going to happen that will make me leave you.”
“Hey, dorito.” Stark greeted as he opened the door.
“Sure. I’ll just put a mask on for an interview, that’ll get them to trust me.” There was the sound of a door closing. “I guess Peter’s ready for bed, I’ll see you guys tomorrow evening.”
“Well, what did you expect? This is Stark we’re talking about.” Natasha piped up next to Steve after she had emptied her glass of vodka.
“Will that be all for today Mr. Stark?” Potts wasn’t any better either, her whole countenance had gone form defensive, then sympathetic to now a mask to hide her irritation and perhaps, even sadness.
“Richard worked with Tony Stark? When?”
“Oh, well, could you ask Mr. Stark-“
“Alright, I’m gonna put a stop to this flirting now.” Sam said as he walked in from the balcony.
“Uh…not really. I um, I had a surgery when I was about fourteen.” Tony stopped in his tracks and turned to look at Steve.
“It's a hindrance, I won't be able to do things.”
“Spoken to whom uncle Sam?” Peter said as he crawled out from under the table they were all sitting.
“There you go ma’am, thank you.” Steve picked up the grocery bag off the counter and made his way towards the exit of the store. He barely held a sigh in as he walked towards his Ford that was parked down the street from the grocery store.
“No, I am not putting my hand in a splint again, it really doesn’t go with the look you know. I have a-”
Peter was an adorable kid, but ever since Steve had taken him in, he always acted grateful; apparently some kid Flash had scared him saying he’d have to go to a foster home. No matter what Steve did to assure him that it wasn’t going to happen, he still acted the same way.
“Yes I was, but that only shows that there’s still a long while to go, not that it’s all hopeless. Be patient.” He said while opening a bottle of expensive herbal aftershave that he smeared over his hands.
Stark was sitting on a stool in front of the counter. There were various hair products on it, and the mirror on the wall opposite the door showed a downtrodden Stark with an electronic razor in his hand.
“I’m sorry about that Steve.”
“Tony?” The fact that he asked for help surprised Steve. “Of course where is he?” Hopefully, it wasn’t too bad.
Steve looked up from the document he was scanning. “Thor?”
“You heard what I told you.”
After getting the instructions from the AI, who apparently moonlighted as a chef’s guide, Steve began to make spaghetti and meatballs. It took longer than he expected because he had to make some alterations to the sauce,
“My dad told me, he said he worked with him once.”
“We won’t see each other again today.”
“We don’t want to scare you,” he almost believed her, but the look in her eyes told Steve she was subtly trying to manipulate him; she wanted to see whether or not he was suited for the job. “But Tony is…in a difficult place right now, his life has changed and he’s trying to getting used to living in a new way, and we want to be sure that you know what you are signing up for.” The last part wasn’t manipulative, he knew that, she was looking at him earnestly, she was hurt to see what had happened to the man, and it was obvious that she was tired at being unable to help him.
“Yeah, fifteen minutes late too. I thought someone with your background would know the importance of punctuality.”
“Pietro works at the front desk in SI. My nephew’s name is Peter.”
“Of course you do, can you give the phone to Sam? I’ll talk to him.” He heard a whoop of joy before Sam spoke.
Perhaps, it was a slightly over the top reaction, but it
“I’m friends with Pepper Potts. And I already work as a spy.”
“5.95”
“Tony.” Steve rapped on the door of the lab.
Stark let out a harsh breath before speaking in a much more level voice.
the previous work that he could use, there was sketch of his mom, one of the empire state. Unbidden Stark’s house came to mind, the place was a marvel of modern architecture and the natural light made it look beautiful, it would probably look radiant at sunrise.
“Natasha give me your knife,” Steve bit out, ignoring the touch on his shoulder. “I’m tired of listening to this bullshit, and I think that it’s time to cut it out.”
Tony’s phone began ringing as it had been doing so all throughout the day. He looked down at it and was not surprised to see Ryder calling him again. Ryder had tried calling him ever since this morning, but he had since ignored him. Tony didn’t particularly feel like engaging in conversation with Ryder for right now. He knew that eventually he would have to talk to him again, but he was actually having a good day today and he didn’t want it to be ruined.
Steve seemed to be suffering the same, not willing to let go of Tony. Instead he kept holding him against his chest, breaths soon teetering off into soft puffs of air. Steve shakily sighed and pulled back a little, well only as far as Tony would let him.
“Well, how about we have them come here tomorrow instead? It’s not like I have anything particularly planned,” Tony announced, handing a block over to Sam. “Also Miles will be here, since I’m back home now and it’ll be his first day back. Oh, and Harley too of course.”
“Yes, sir. That is the goal of the game,” Jaime announced handing the rings to Steve.
Tony pulled away and bit his lip. He lowered his eyes and said, “I think that’ll be the same night I propose to Steve. I’ve been thinking about it for a while…and why do you two look like I just told you I ran over Clint’s dog?”
“You say that as though you haven’t already taken it,” Peter said motioning to his lunch sticking out of Michelle’s bag.
“Look Tony if you have some free time maybe we could discuss things and hopefully begin to move toward a solution for how things will be run,” Steve offered.
Peter nodded his head. “Okay.”
Ryder’s eyes brightened. “Yeah! Tony cooked last night and we have like some crazy mad leftovers. Come on sit down I’ll warm things up.”
“Please do FRIDAY,” Harley announced.
“Did you even wash your hands you heathen. And yes I am making biscuits again because cooking for two super soldiers is hard and biscuits are easy to make in large portions. Besides I don’t see you coming to help make them. So you don’t get to complain.”
“Tony,” Steve frowned, unsure of what to say.
And now I take my final bow.
“Tony fell asleep almost a minute after you said sweetheart. Look it’s important that you answer my question,” Cali stressed.
“The what?”
Tony had been the first person he had drawn on the app installed on his new StarkPad. Steve remembered shyly showing it to Tony who had then proudly ran around the tower officially saying, “I’m Captain America’s muse.”
Thanks again for commenting, giving a kudo, and leaving  bookmark! Until next time :)
Natasha whipped her head to the side as though she had been slapped.
“You wouldn’t dare,” Rhodey said his face taking on a pale hue.
“No, I’m actually leaving with Bucky to stay at Sam’s,” Steve said hoping that Tony got it without ever actually saying it.
“Just answer me this and we can be done.”
“But I’ve been blessed with so many things Tony like you can’t imagine and I don’t deserve a fucking inch of it. And maybe I’m selfish for wanting to take in the world’s mistake of giving me some good stuff in life. Tony I’ve done so many bad things in my life.”
Bruce would be sitting down at the bottom of the bed, his face in his hands and going through a meditative mantra. Natasha kept a foot against his back to keep him grounded, to keep him aware that he was still there with them. Thor, whenever he was able to break away from his other duties and Loki, came to the room, knelt by Natasha’s side, and began braiding her hair. Natasha sometimes leant into the touch, but only when she was so tired that she had become unconscious of her own responses. Loki had surprisingly come by sometimes when Thor came and would just silently look on, his mouth tilted in either deep annoyance or deep concern.
Steve looked at Tony whose eyes were now open. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to wake you.”
Only Steve was left in the living area. His mind immediately went back to a month ago and he realized all that he lost in that timespan and everything that he was willing to do to gain it back. He looked at the counter and saw the bracelet gone. He hoped Tony had taken it back. After all, it still meant something to him.
“Nothing,” Tony hissed. “Out of all the people in this room, who’s exactly holding me hostage and forcing themselves-”
“Your brother,” and damned if Steve hadn’t playing along with this game.
“You okay, Steve?” Tony questioned. “I know it’s a lot, so if you want to maybe cool things down a bit…I know you were like interested in me, but maybe knowing all of this you aren’t anymore, which is totally fine. ‘Cause hey I get it not everyone wants someone who…”
“Stop trying to blame it on them. Want to tell Tony how you made a little girl cry over the juice box?”
“Love you,” Tony said.
Tony continued to stare at him curiously, but sat down in the chair Steve had pulled out for him. Tony took in the table setting and looked at Steve, who had by then taken his seat opposite of Tony. Blinking sheepishly at him, Steve’s gaze softened. His smile became center focus as his eyes glistened brightly brought on by the lights framing the rooftop.
“Come on. Fighting should be easy, given how many times you’ve fought Tony when he was defenseless. I don’t like repeating myself, Ryder. I said get the fuck up,” Steve said pulling him up by the tattered clothing off of his back.
“Indeed, you are my fiancé,” Steve grinned, placing Tony’s hands into his own and running his fingers against the cool metal sitting on top of Tony’s warm skin.
“Tony told me. Back when I was his assistant he got drunk and started spewing a few life stories. He’s an awful sentimental and truthful drunk. Sobered up pretty quickly after and made me promise that I would never tell a soul. But-”
“Should I tell him or would you like to spin the lies as you so often do about how you’re actually a grown full-functioning adult,” Natasha commented, eyebrows raised in slight challenge.
Tony leaned forward and with the hand not holding his glass, touched Steve’s warm cheeks.
His eyes watered and he heard more than felt a whimper escape his lips.
“Who was that?” Bucky asked getting closer to him.
Tony shifted in his seat and nodded. “Of course. Let’s toast to the friends and family that we are blessed to know, that have increased ten-fold over the years. I am forever grateful to the ones in my life who treasure me and love me. I have wonderful sons that I’m sure are already itching to get on the plane to Italy.”
“I’m good,” Tony whispered, not wanting to break the heavy moment.
Steve hated how he just swept over Steve and didn’t seem to mind. Steve had never met someone so unbothered by anything. Steve had never once been in the presence of someone like him, a true psychopathic person.
Steve breathed out and opened his mouth to speak, but Tony spoke first.
“Understand this Steve. You never should have left and you will have to deal with the consequences of that action. Be lucky that Pepper and Rhodey took Miles and Tony on a trip to San Diego for this past month or they would have come with me. I’m pretty sure we wouldn’t have made it this far, if they were here,” Natasha said hoping that Steve understood the importance of what she was implying. “Actually I’m still pretty sure Rhodey’s been practicing how to use his leg brace as a weapon and Pepper…well I’m pretty sure she’s out to make sure you can’t be mobile for a year.”
“You were never just a kid from Brooklyn,” Tony shyly rushed out, before his brain could catch up. “I mean you don’t have to talk down on yourself to make me feel better.”
“The Accords are just helping give us normal citizens a peace of mind knowing that while we have you all to protect us, there are provisions made to make sure that if you plan on making bad decisions you are held accountable.  Tony even got rid of the Raft as a punishment. The Accords allows you and your council along with UN representatives to appropriately come up with a course of action. It could simply be just rebuilding the small business shops. It could be a month’s suspension.”
“I said maybe that’s what he wanted,” Isak told him. “I mean haven’t you heard about roleplay, kinks, BDSM, and you know all of that. Never mind, I forget who I am asking. Forget that you are Mr. Cookie Cutter All-American Golden Boy USA and all that.”
“A gentle-fine I’ll just ask Bucky later and-” Tony shrieked as Steve pulled him into the shower.
Natasha looked once more at the solemn expression on Steve’s face. “Perhaps instead of bottling up your feelings and everything maybe try talking to Tony.”
Tony felt a deep sense of discontent settle thickly in his throat. He tried reigning in that liquid hot anger, so that his words would come out literate and not verging spite.
The gum fell out of his mouth with it.
This present.
As much as he wanted to understand what was wrong and why he felt compelled to lie to him of all people about not being okay, he kept his mouth shut. He had observed this look in Steve’s face every time he would look at the cellphone in his hand as if waiting for someone to call.
Pepper left because he could never be enough…or perhaps he was always too much for her. He couldn’t blame her. They’re still great friends even though they don’t see each other to often. It’s fine.
He looked up, expecting Bucky or Natasha to have found him. But when bleary eyes, met the eyes of Clint he tried shakily wiping away his tears.
“One day, I’ll get you to stop calling me Mr. Stark,” Tony promised. “But anyways how are the kids. Are you, Ned, and Michelle doing okay with watching them? Miles doing okay?”
Steve cracked his knuckles and stared deeply into Ryder’s eyes.
“No! I don’t need to calm down. Don’t…don’t tell me what I need. I don’t need. Don’t tell…”
He wondered momentarily when Tony would be coming back. He wanted to…
Pepper rattled off the questions back and forth and noticed with a quiet happiness how they for once were just listening…well until Clint spoke up.
Steve made a huge show of breathing out in relief. “Ah, thank you Miles. You’re the best.”
Tony froze.
Tony knew this because Ryder would usually do that, before telling Tony he wouldn’t have hurt him if he had just done what he had asked.
“Shuri! I can’t talk to a king about Coachella,” Peter whined. “My first real conversation with him can’t be to help you go to Coachella.”
“I can either put you down in a wheelchair or carry you. However, I know fully well you cannot walk right now and that’s not a bad thing. It’s just you’ve been in this bed for a week and you haven’t really stretched your legs out yet.”
Tony tried his best to stay awake, but could not resist the pull of whatever had been placed on him. It reminded him of what Ryder had done, when he said no to the proposal. Ryder had simply nodded and placed something on Tony’s neck. The rest was spent in a blur.
“Yes!” the two children agreed giving Tony two loud wet kisses on his cheek.
“Yes, not today. But soon,” Bekah smiled. “Thanks for making my heart feel a little more at ease Steve.”
“Look just tell him to come up from his lab so we can talk,” Steve said crossing his arms over his chest.
Tony rested against Steve’s chest. He breathed in the scent that was so unique to Steve, allowing it to lull him into a certain sense of safety. He didn’t even know where to begin or if he even wanted to start this conversation at all. He should have just told him that he didn’t really want to talk about it anymore.
you like Michelle just tell her how you feel and then you both can reach the conclusion of whether to try a relationship or remain friends.”
Tony nodded and offered a peace sign. “Sure kid. When I see that, you had better got my good side.”
His heart thundered with the idea of him confessing of the bruises left behind, the stinging words slapped against his face, and the nights of hoping Ryder would get the night shift.
“But like you’ll tell me if you’re ever in any trouble or need help, right?”
“Torturing?” Ryder asked as though confused by what Tony was suggesting. “I’m not torturing you.”
It was not a fun game.
“Thanks Happy,” Tony told Happy as he stood outside of the car. “I think you can pick us up around one, but I’ll notify you if anything changes of course.”
By the time Tony reached Midtown High School, Miles had already fallen back asleep. Happy had gotten out of the car and grinned at Miles who was slumped over in his car seat. Opening Tony’s door, Happy stood by the car as Tony carefully extracted Miles from his car seat. He made sure to grab Snuggles, stuffed penguin that was in Miles’ loose grasp.
Sending off a quick text to Harley, he wasn’t shocked when the young teen quickly knocked on the backseat door waiting for Steve to unlock the car.
“Now go, go. Fall into a wonderful Hallmark movie romance, not a lifetime one. I will be very disappointed if you try wooing my sister-in-law Miranda with a lifetime romance plot. Understood?”
Jaime winced. “That actually hurt a lot.”
“Sorry, Tony swore he wouldn’t do anything to crazy while I took a nap,” Rhodey replied. “Though after several years of knowing him, I should have none that wasn’t possible. That’s on me. Hey Tony!”
“But you know what, I think we should have some fun before we send you off to the highest bidder.
Tears sprang to his eyes and he brought the hand, that wasn’t holding his son close to him, up to his mouth to stifle any unwanted noise that might have escaped.
Natasha held a remote in her hand and cut on the television in the room. It was a foreign news network. The camera panned to a car wreck, before moving to the news reporter. Steve looked to all of them for any sense of clarification.
Peter shrugged. “I…well I mean it’s nothing you need to like worry about, but um there were some kids at Karen’s a few weeks ago that might have heard Miles talking to one of his friends. He heard he still slept with a night light and
Damn.
“Of course,” they both agreed, stepping to the side so that Steve could enter first.
The guy came closer and trailed his fingers over Tony’s ankle. Tony’s mouth opened to release a string of curse words. The guy didn’t pay attention to Tony’s threats or curses. He came closer his body slotting in between the space of Tony’s leg. He reached down and tapped the purple patch briefly.
“So come on, prove to me you can go head to head with me. You like fighting so much, yeah? So fight me.”
“My mom likes magnolias,” he softly told her.
“I can’t believe we’re right back in this position Steve. I thought you would have learned from your mistakes. It takes a special kind of idiot to do this again. You made me watch as Tony nearly become inconsolable. You tore him apart Steve and I had hoped that…you claimed you loved him, but for the life of me I couldn’t imagine anyone who loves Tony to have done that to him,” Natasha exclaimed in one breath.
“You think they’re done judging your wonderful masterpieces?” Karen questioned, tilting her head to where some of the kids had gone.
“You’re right and I don’t know yet. I haven’t been placed in a situation where I am met with returning. But at the end of the day, I was still built for that. I know how it feels to kill Steve and I don’t want you to have any remorse. Killing through revenge can be detrimental to your mind Steve. I just don’t want this to cost you.
Steve placed the black folder on his lap, stretched out his legs, and then crossed them at the ankles. He let an easy smile cross his face, hoping to ease the tension settling in his room. He thought idly of pulling Isak into this false sense of security. His mind was still having trouble adjusting to thinking of Ryder as Isak, but for now he would stick with calling him Isak. Play some part in this game, until his hand was revealed.
He began to wonder whether he was missing something important or had forgotten that somehow had plans tonight. Either way he kept going, briefly looking down at his phone and unlocking it to see that his text to Steve had still gone unanswered. He had checked in to make sure that the boys had made it back home safely and Steve had assured him they had. But when Tony followed up with asking them what they wanted to have for dinner, there was silence.
“Peter-”
“He’s here,” Steve shouted voice growing hoarse.
“It’s just that I think it’s aces to be able to court my fella,” Steve said and Tony wished for nothing, but to see the mischievous glint that Steve got in his eyes whenever Steve gave back what Tony gave.
Tony didn’t know how long he stayed there yelling and crying, but soon his voice tapered out into harsh breaths calming himself back down. He was so focused that he didn’t even notice by then Happy had gotten out of his car to come to Tony.
Isak raised an eyebrow. “Oh, then who was? Was my dear friend close to the scary man with that shiny arm or that devilishly beautiful woman opposite of him? Please do not tell me wife, Eva, that I described you as such,” he said with a wink to which Natasha pulled out her dagger and discreetly took pleasure in Isak paling.
Ryder’s sigh crackled through the phone. “Okay, thanks.”
“You are,” Steve said turning to Natasha. “Look can you come with us. I’m sure we can go if Karen knows you’re coming.”
“No,” Tony announced curtly.
Tony placed the bracelet on his wrist and held it up to his chest as he brought his hand close to the arc reactor. The metal clicked against the covered arc reactor. Steve shortened the already short distance between them. His eyes lowered as he looked at the bracelet on Tony’s wrist. Tony looked up to meet Steve’s gaze and for once felt centered.
“Yes, you are. What exactly do you call hitting me, raping me, manipulating me, and just this whole thing in the middle of I don’t even know,” Tony shouted with growing fever. “I don’t know what story you have concocted into your head, but this is torture. This is abuse.”
The two followed Clint outside of the tower and began their day. They first went to David’s Burger Shack as Clint had hoped and sat down in a booth. Clint sighed and melted into his seat.
Tony looked at his tied up hands and noticed the bareness of his right wrist. “Where’s my bracelet?”
“And what? You think you know his best interests,” Ryder laughed. “Does his best interests include you?”
The guards turned and headed to her cell, but Cali looked back once more.
He continued to sob into her neck, clawing his hands around her woolen sweater. The two melted into one another, grasping each other for comfort. Eva ran shaky fingers over his hair and then to his trembling hands, not minding her husband's hand's usual softness was a little callous and how he was missing the ring on his left hand.
Steve raised an inquiring brow at her.
“Damn it,” Steve cursed. “Tell me you got a location.”
“So is everything good at the tower, with everyone back and all?”
He couldn’t get on that field, potentially putting his life on the line again, knowing that Steve hadn’t trusted him. He had known what that distrust felt like. He had known it since Ultron and eventually he had known with the events with Bucky.
He didn’t want Steve waking up, worried eyes stretched toward his in concern. He just…
“Really? Because I don’t see him,” Bucky hissed. “All I see is some coward who refuses to admit-”
Tony’s eyes brightened with the power of the sun. “I vote time with my favorite deadly assassins, please.”
The two didn’t talk about what made them wake up with fevered looks and stolen breath. But in that moment they could almost fool themselves into believing that it was alright as long as they stayed together on that couch watching boring history documentaries.
The two of them sent gifs as a response to Tony, before Tony shut off his phone and went back to making his coffee.
Steve sputtered and quickly tried to come up with a response. “That’s…Tony that’s not what I meant. I mean like chocolate covered bananas not…”
Staring at the shadows cast from the blankets, settled the anxiety that was quickly building in his chest. He knew he couldn’t afford to have a panic attack here, despite him having one nearly every other day, when he woke up and briefly forgot where he was. Even now having the knowledge that Ryder was dead did not help to ease this imaginary weight settling atop of him.
“No, no, no. Don’t pay until you see the item and make sure it’s perfect for you. Then you can pay,” Mr. Moore told him.
Fury wasn’t good at comforting people and there were instances where he wish that he was. He wished that he could say the right words, to take that gloomy expression off of Tony’s face. He had hated to see the pure look of happiness dissolve just so that one full of grief could over take it.
He glared leeringly at him, once and then once more, the second glare looking just a bit too long on the point where Steve’s pulse thrummed underneath his neck. Bucky’s hands reflexively tightened on his gun. Clint moved forward two steps.
Tony laughed as Steve tried throwing the ring onto the bottle. Steve rolled the bottom of his lip between his teeth and then breathed in and out. Narrowing his eyes, he swung his arm back and threw the ring toward the bottles, missing it by barely two inches.
Wanda straightened her shoulders, weary of the request. “Why?”
Dead silence.
Bekah continued. “I spent three years in the army. Then I got pregnant and when Harley was born that too became the greatest moment of my life. Raising Harley became the main goal in my life, the only thing that mattered to me besides well you know,” she trailed off, knowing that Steve at least knew a little bit of her struggle with drugs.
Natasha pressed deeper and this time her nails left a nick in Steve’s neck, from the sudden movement of Steve leaping out of his chair, once again and grabbing ahold of Isak from the chair and swinging his body to the wall.
Shuri noticed Peter’s growing solemn nature and spoke. “So what is this I hear about you asking Michelle out to the spring formal? We have a bet going on in the chat and I would very much like to win.”
“Baba always kisses them to make it better,” Miles said as though that was common sense.
Steve grit his teeth together at the performance Isak was giving. He wanted to shake his shoulders and pour out of him the truth that was stifled behind his lying lips.
Peter seemed to grow tired of the silence and Tony not answering. “I mean I thought we were family and family is supposed to trust each other. I…I don’t know why…crap my thoughts are scattered and I’m just fucking upset that we almost lost you and I didn’t even get the chance to ask if you wouldn’t mind me calling you Uncle Tony because I see you as this key figure in my life. I thought it’s all gone. Here’s another person in my life gone. And again I don’t know why.”
“Keep it. I just wanted to see if I could win at least one of these games,” Steve laughed.
Ryder sighed loudly and shook his shoulders. Again Steve said nothing, but instead walked toward him and sat in the chair opposite of him. Steve noted that their positions were now slightly how they were, when they first began speaking. Steve had talked a lot. He had engaged because he had needed a confession to get the bastard everything that he deserved.
Peter made a noise of agreement. “Okay, I will.”
“Tony our presence shall only be in the Tower for a day, before I must visit my Lady Jane and discuss the matters of the displaced Asgardians, whom I have been entreated to-”
“He wouldn’t leave his oldest friend, his love like this. Just let me speak to him again. Last meeting was spent with so much anger. He’s probably calmed down. Why aren’t you calling Tony?”
She cracked the door and yelled inside, ““Honey, someone’s at the door for you. You know you look just like my husband, if he were to grow his hair out a little bit,” she said leaning against the front door. She turned her head aside and hoped he couldn’t see the whole mess that was her house.  “I am awfully sorry for all the mess. The kids still haven’t grasped the concept of cleaning up after themselves.”
They were all gathered around the table, save the exception of Pepper, Miles, and Harley who had all eaten an earlier dinner. The atmosphere was a little better, knowing that finally some information into regards of where Tony was located was coming. He had been unsure of what information Cali might bring, but they were hopeful. They were constantly on alert waiting for a notice from FRIDAY about her arrival, but the AI hadn’t said anything yet. So here they were trying to ease the nerves, before this stranger came.
Tony wandered into the kitchen bouncing a crying and coughing Miles on his hip. Miles’ face had grown red due to all the force he was exerting to cough. Tony’s heart tugged and he wondered if he had been the best choice to take care of Miles until he recovered.
They found him.
“So you are involved?”
“Fuck,” Steve said this time aloud.
Steve would be damned, if he let that happen.
“Alright love you man,” Rhodey said.
Ryder knew what he needed
Steve set a reminder to ask Rhodey for that physical evidence.
“I didn’t know it then, or maybe I did, but that was the day everything started going downhill in our friendship. If I had known how much of a suck up he would have been to Howard, I would have cut off that friendship immediately, but I hadn’t. I wanted to hold onto my friend as long as I could. I waited too long to figure out Ryder wasn’t my friend. I mean Steve I literally had people telling me…and it’s only now when looking back I realized…” Tony broke off his sentence and closed his eyes.
Tony clenched his jaw and looked at the ceiling as though it would give him the answers he needed. He turned his head back down to face Ryder.
“I fucking know that Rhodey. You don’t have to remind me, when I see that video playing itself in my head fucking etching itself into my brain,” Tony rasped. “I know that, but it doesn’t change the face that they’re still dead. It just changes how they died. I’ve had years to deal with this.”
Tony pouted. “So what lame stuff am I going to have to do?”
“Oh geez, sorry.” Tony instantly blurted out, looking at the taller, older man.
Phil gave Tony another look and then recited, “It’s simple. All you have to do is go to the party and don’t bring a date. Mingle for a little bit and at exactly 9:45 our source will walk in right beside Mr. Stane. At exactly 9:45 you must be standing next to the bar with a whiskey fireball- and don’t you dare drink it. Do not approach Mr. Stane at any costs. He will definitely be looking for you, so try and lay low and wait for our insider to come to you.”
Tony’s spends the rest of his day in the workshop. His conversation with Obie in the forefront of his mind. He thought his days of creating weapons were done. Ever since Howard died and he finally got control of the company, he thought there was no way SI would ever go down that road again. There’s something about Obie’s words that made Tony want to try. The older alpha had always been so kind to Tony, even when he was just a little kid interrupting his business meetings. Obie had often been the only thing standing in between Tony and Howard’s violent punishments, brushing off the interruptions with a laugh and a light pat on the head.
“I can’t believe that son of a bit-“
(But were they really?)
“The fact that he was able to be pressured, though, isn’t that a problem as well?” Bruce asked.
Clint sighs, dropping into the chair in front of him and giving Steve a look, “As if we’ll notice something Nat doesn’t.”
He starts simply, checking into SI archives from the past few decades to look for any inconsistencies or discrepancies.
Disclaimer: I’m not claiming them, okay?
Logan let out a laugh of disbelief. “Your fights always that easy?” He calls over to Steve, raising an eyebrow and smirking.
Loki smiled. “You want me gone now, okay. But I assure you Captain, in three days time, well, I think you know what’ll happen.” Loki moved his head so he could see Tony once more. “See you soon, Anthony.”
Tony shrugged, “Cool, okay.”
“Tony someone is threatening you-“
Tony’s eyes widened and stuttered, “I-I’m not saying that! I’m just going to be w-working the entire time and I-I just don’t want you to b-be bored”
The announcement was followed by a date and time and signed signature from Justin and some other man.
Steve flushes, only slightly, but gives Tony a playful grin anyway, “Is it really that bad?” He questions, half teasing.
Four hours later, and Hulk was confused.
Tony is quiet for a minute, mostly because he’s trying to memorize the feeling of Steve’s rough, calloused hands gripping his own but also because he’s trying to keep himself from stuttering, “Thank you.”
“Is he dead?”
Tony’s expression was completely broken. It wasn’t the face he had when he was being tortured by Loki, not even one that occurred during his nightmares. His face was portraying complete and utter betrayal from the people he trusted most.
Édesem- Sweetheart
Steve heard Logan’s (and Bruce’s) low growl, but he ignored them, taking another angry (jealous) breath and striding to the couch. He roughly pulled the fully clothed boy out from under Tony, making half of Tony’s body fall off the couch, jarring him awake, “Wha- Oh my god!”
Tony’s personal doctor was an older man who had started working with S.H.I.E.L.D. along with Tony. The man, Dr. Lawson, answered, “Physically, it’s like nothing even happened to him, minus some minor abrasions bruising around the waist. What I’m worried about is the severe emotional damage that seems to have occurred. You and your team said he was “re-living his memories?” Dr. Lawson inquired.
, Tony sighs. “You know, you could’ve told me or something, before I went and embarrassed myself like that.” Tony says half-heartedly, sounding more pitiful than anything else. He’s smiling though, wanting Steve to know he’s not actually that upset.
As soon as they were on the dance floor, Pepper gripped Tony close, her mouth next to his ear (and Tony did realize that she was indeed taller than him). Tony was surprised, wondering what in the world was happening, until her malicious sounding whisper hissed, “Listen here Tony Stark,” She said his name like it was poison. “I have been working my ass off for the past 8 months of my life getting information off this slimy bastard and I am not about to loose it all just because Coulson thought it would be a good day for bring your child to work day. All the information anyone would ever need to destroy this entire company is on a flash drive in a pouch, sewed inside the sewing of this purse-“ she holds up the clutch in her hand “- and it’s not moving from that position until I see someone from S.H.I.E.L.D. who’s past puberty. I barely trust S.H.I.E.L.D. with this information, let alone a child in a man’s suit. I’m going to take this to Coulson myself. Got it? Good.” She said, practically shoving him away as the song ended.
“M-mister…”
“What, why? It’s only, what? Two in the morning? The night has just begun, little man!”
whoever attacked me but, I’m impressed cap-“
Right now, they’re all in the large living room. The large T.V. that was hitched onto the floor-to-ceiling windows was turned onto “Wreck-it-Ralph”. Tony was sitting on the floor, yet again, this time though he was sitting in Steve’s lap, crossways. The two were completely comfortable with the position, both avidly watching the movie.
Oh god, he’ll never hear the end of this.
There was a squeal of “Petey!” that went ignored.
Peter somehow successfully got into the tower unnoticed by the rest of the Avengers. He didn’t really understand why the team of superheroes didn’t like him, but he figured it was something that he would just have to live with. Sure, he understood that he made a bad decision with that huge party, and maybe he shouldn’t have deliberately made Steve jealous the morning after (by pulling Tony on top of him when he heard the team entering the tower) but it’s not like he ever meant Tony any real harm. The kid was cute and by far one of the nicest people Peter had met since moving north. And yeah, the money and fame is a total plus, but Peter didn’t even know about that stuff when he met Ant.
Logan was on the same long couch as Thor, snoring away.
“Sure yo-“
that’s good about me, every single part of me that people actually like is from him. And twenty people were at his funeral.
Steve nearly whimpered, “Bye Tony.”
“Oh, thank goodness. You’re on this floor too?” Tony asks as Steve gestures for him to follow.
Seven minutes later, Tony was walking towards a calm looking Phil Coulson. Tony opened his mouth to ask why the agent was there but Phil cut him off with a look an held up his hand. “Just here to make sure you aren’t making any plans for a party tonight.” He said, with a small smug smile.
He had been worried. Of course he was worried. Indisposed? The ominous word bounces around Steve's head for a long time before he stands, too concerned to sit around and not do anything.
Clint looked guilty before muttering a simple, sad, “oh, and how old is he?”
Tony’s smile froze at the mention of his father. He regained his posture after a moment and broadened his smile, “Right of course. It’s so nice to see you again Mr….?” Tony asked.
As Tony was being looked over by his personal doctor, he recounted his story. Pepper was in the room, agreeing with everything. He was 100% truthful… until the very end. “And we were, like, pushing against the wall and Pepper was giving me this look and then BAM BAM BAM, there’s this flying… metal suit-thing and it shot them down. It saved us.” He said giving a little nod to Pepper, who gave him a look before nodding as well.
Definitely not edited and mostly written at 2am when all of my inspirations strike. I love to hear any and all suggestions you may have and still am looking forward to hearing what you'd like to see happen in this story and/or how you're all feeling about the story so far.
Tony’s eyes widened and he hopped off the counter, pacing rapidly. “Holy shit… oh my god… what the hell? What do I do, I’m scared, JARVIS.” Tony yelped.
Tony jumped and his eyes snapped open. “WH- oh hey Bruce.” He said, a tired smile appearing on his face. “What’s up?” He yawned but kept smiling.
“Not a problem Dr. Banner.” Phil reassured him, shaking his hand. “Dr. Banner, this is Tony Stark, our-“
5 years later...
“It’s okay now, kiddo, I swear.” Steve sighed heavily and gripped Tony tighter.
Maybe he was just scared, which is understandable, maybe he’s angry at us for last night, or maybe it’s a mixture of both.
Tony sighed. “Truth.”
his fault that Tony’s the best smelling omega he’s ever scented. Even when distress and fear were marring his scent, Steve could tell he was in trouble. He spent a whole minute in the elevator staring at the omega in his arms, just taking in the his scent before he realized how creepy he was probably being. Since the serum, Steve really wasn’t as awkward as he used to be but this new omega apparently had a way of bringing back the Steve Rogers who weighed 90 pounds soaking wet.
“Tony, really, they’ll get over it-“
It wasn’t like he was curled up in the middle of some S.H.I.E.L.D. room, monitoring every move of every Avenger and enemy.
Coulson rubs a hand down his face. “Don’t tell your team.”
“Infuriating?”
“Good night, squirt.” Steve got up, and turned the light of before he closed the door.
“I’m with Bucky most of the time.”
“No, this kid Flash, he’s a kid in Pete’s class, you should see him. Anyway, I uh.. I had some very negative opinions about you.” Stark rolled his eyes before replying.
“But we get rewarded for that, don’t we?”
He looked far better than before.
“Okay good.” It was hard, but it had to be done. “Peter.” Steve sighed and pulled the lone chair from near the bookshelf. Peter didn’t even have a study table.
it with you Rogers?”
He was, apparently, also the only man who’d come in to interview for this position. There were at least five women dressed in business shirts and pencil skirts, and while he may have gotten some uh, appreciative glances, it was mostly a variant of ‘this guy isn’t going to get the job.’ He watched as another one of those women was called by a platinum blonde. It was the same woman who’d handed Steve a job application to fill when he first arrived.
“Has anyone ever told you that you make a mountain of a molehill?”
“Yes, but by my estimates, he won’t be for much long.”
“The bottom line is that you need a splint.”
“Maybe not, but you’d be stupid not to try Stevie.”
“Nothing. Let’s go.”
“Buck! Peter’s right there!” Sometimes, he really didn’t understand his friend.
There were many more articles of the same variety.
There was silence for a moment, but instead of JARVIS saying anything again, the door opened and Stark was standing in the doorway, with a wench clenched under his arm, rock music was playing inside that made Steve want to cover his ears.
“Okay, good. Also, speaking of, how’s work?”
of the weight.
“So, which time is it for me?”
had taken this job.” Bucky said.
Steve needed to learn how to keep a poker face.
“Well, someone has to spoil him, seeing as grandpa won’t do it.”
, tell me are your favourite colours blue, white and red? You went to the military to defend the country, you currently hold sole custody of one Peter Parker, your eight year old nephew, how do you tolerate kids anyway? You’re a 26 year old decorated war hero with a Medal of Honor, so why do you also have to be a pain in the ass?”
“No, he’ll drop out of exhaustion if he takes a third one.”
“Damn.”
“What about you?”
Without his knowledge, his subconscious started piling together all of
“Yeah, Pete as soon as dinner’s done.” He heard a set of footsteps running across the small space between the kitchen and the living room, till they stopped right next to him.
“Mhmm...like feeding him ice cream, no doubt.” He said fixing Bucky with a stern look, that Peter called The Look, as he unloaded the grocery.
Why was everyone, other than Peter, in Steve’s life extremely stealthy?
“I - What, by
“Yeah?”
“Oh go away, let me make some food.”
He was pulled out of his seething anger when his phone rang in his back pocket, and a smile was filling his face, seeing it was Sam, which meant only one thing
“Mr. Rogers,” JARVIS said as he walked into the living room again, “it seems sir requires your help.”
He was his boss, not his -
“So, she told you I had an interview with her?”
“Really?!” Five heads turned to stare at Peter who was sitting in his chair next to Steve. “He’s a genius, isn’t he? I read he made a circuit board when he was four and he’s an engineer who graduated really early, when other people his age were still in high school. And he even makes the things that protected you all when you were away from the country.”
