Please let me know if you imagine something for the end or if you really wish to see something happen later in the story. It feels like a challenge to include things, I like it !
Castiel is a little disturbed about Dean coming to his house but mostly he notices that Dean isn't his usual self.
” and insisted on having very extensive updates as well as spying on Castiel’s phone over his shoulder on a regular basis.
Jo’s eyebrows shot up as Dean opened and closed his mouth without making a single sound. Of course, he was getting defensive, as he always did at first when they talk about something private. But one massive improvement of the last months, to Jo’s opinion, was that Dean was now aware of that. That was one small step for Dean Winchester, one giant leap for mental health preservation. He put the coat back on the railing and rubbed his neck.
Have fun & let me know if you like it !
Well, Sammy chatted lazily. Dean, on the other hand, spent the whole hour extremely focused, trying to avoid talking about Cas. That was stupid. It’s not like he even wanted to
First, his brother started to cook and bake stuff, since his weird question about pie baking. He brought some carnitas to a brunch, then a big plate of almost not burnt blueberry pancakes, and even a tray of egg sandwiches once. For a guy who ate microwaved food for most of his adult life, that was unexcepted. Balthazar once walked on him watching a YouTube video of some cooking influencer. When Cassie had realized he was in the room, he had closed his laptop so fast he pinched his own fingers. Balthazar roasted him for a whole week about masturbating while watching recipes on video.
Castiel thinks too much and sends very formal texts
Dean held out his hand to him with an unsure smile.
Eileen's back, thank God (I love this woman ♥). Let's go for another soft and fluffy chapter !
Missouri chipped loudly and Donna choked on her donut bite. Meg angrily grabbed the pen from Jack’s hand and scratched his notepad with so much rage she teared the paper. “Don’t fucking note that down !”
let me know if you liked it !
No. The
Thank God the trench coat didn’t have a belt. His brother was pissed enough to strangle him with it. Cassie opened the door of the closet, threw the bag inside and stormed out of the living room.
There was something fishy in here. It had been going on for weeks and it was driving Balthazar crazy.
He fished a knife out of his pocket and held it to Castiel. Of course, he was the kind of guy that always carried a knife. Castiel took it and carefully sliced the pie, while Dean asked.
We're getting close to the end !
He would have to confess that next Sunday.
Jo's chapter again, it's been a long time !
It was easier with Jo.
cnovak@siouxfalls.org
The grin on Balthazar’s face was audible in his voice. Castiel closed his eyes, counting to 5 and breathing through his nose while Janice turned her head.
Charlie took a sip of coffee and grabbed her Magic 8 ball “Is the Youth Team really having a meeting ?” She shook the ball and winced “Absolutely not”.
So why the hell he felt so self-conscious right now ?
When they calmed down after a few minutes, Sam searched his brother’s jacket, found his phone and held it out.
See you soon
Dean tries to overtakes his anxiety and it works pretty well.
Twenty minutes later, Dean’s breath was more even, and he slowly detached himself from Jo, his eyes red and a bit embarrassed. She smiled to him and rustled his hair. The guy had ruined her shirt and the burgers were definitely cold but none of them cared. Jo was glad she was there when it happened. Dean was such a control freak, he probably wouldn’t even let go like that when he was alone. The discarded phone on the couch vibrates twice and when Dean opened the message, Jo just had the time to think ‘
Gosh, if he started to have that kind of thoughts about anyone good looking passing in his life, he really needed to get laid, that was pitiful.
That was not helping. Not at all. She told him twice he was overdoing it and now she was getting her revenge by sitting there and watching him trying not to look like a crazy doting father. She had a little satisfied smile on her face and was exchanging the most annoying looks with Dean. He wasn’t bold enough to tell her anything out loud, so he just gritted his teeth and rolled his eyes.
Before Cas could decide to throw his plate -or worse, his burning coffee- to his face, Dean blurted :
Eileen’s eyes were wide open and full of concern under her frowned brows. Sam hadn’t moved much, he hadn’t turned on the light or made any noise but she seemed to have a radar for his distress. It wasn’t the first time she awakened in the middle of the night to find him lost in his (anxious) thoughts. He would have preferred to keep his face away from her but he turned slightly so she could see his lips.
And i'll see you next chapter 'cause I have too many things to say ahahah ♥
Time for a new update with 2 chapters, Balthazar and Dean. It's getting really close to the catast...the date thing.
Dean Winchester
Good morning Mrs. Mills,
#trainwreck
“Stop whining. One hour in a jacket for every Friday night on my couch, with beer, burgers and your fucking concert t-shirt.” He refused to let Dean threw his chance away just because he was too insecure to try. Dean could shove up his fake
I felt like I put all existant emotions, good or bad, in a jar and shook really hard. Please enjoy this weird cocktail and let me know about it in a comment, I'd be delighted ♥
Thank God. He was so relieved that he nodded frantically, only to see a wide smile lightening up Cas’s face.
: Tuesday team meeting
This chapter was very dear to me, I hope you'll like it too.
Dean grunted and pushed the ball of his hands to his eyes.
Dean spends some quality time with his eldest niece and it's cute af.
The loud sniffing Jo heard when she stepped into Dean’s house made her blood curdle. That guy would be the death of her, no kidding. She let go of the takeout bag and ran into the small living room to find her friend standing there, staring into space, his face damp.
Thanks to you and Charlie, really.
Beside him, Cassie sighed loudly and leaned forward, putting his face in his hands. When Balthazar benefited from a red light to add his right hand to the party, he got smacked faster than his shadow.
What could go wrong, indeed ?
When she looked up again, Dean was looking at her in a funny way. His hands were in levitation above his keyboard and he was clearly trying to maintain a first-day-at-work pokerface. Charlie sighted. “I’m sorry dude, but you must know that, even if everyone calls us the Office of the Weirdos, next doors, those guys… they’re the real creeps.”
They ended up both with running noses and the crappy paper towels were long gone. She brought back a toilet paper roll for each of them and mentioned therapy for the first time, because it was the very first time that her friend seemed in the right mood to process that. One hour later, they were dozing off in front of old Scooby-Doo episode and Jo considerably lightened the mood when she pointed out loud that Dean’s voice sounded like he had spent the whole evening sucking dicks.
Castiel tilted his head at Dean, registering the dark circles under his eyes, the shoulders slightly bowed and the voice that sounded a bit different, like fainted. Even if Dean didn’t seem in distress or in pain, he appeared as toned down, diluted.
In front of him, Dean did not yell again but he got his wrist back in a brisk tug and gestured at the car.
✉ 2018/06/02 at 07:54
Dean followed Donna’s enthusiastic footsteps. The cheerful blonde woman seemed to be a good choice to welcome a new member in the team. In less than twenty minutes, she had covered a lot of topics and was now giving him a full tour of the offices. Dean could see why she was in charge of the events and activities : Donna seemed to be a very social and energetic person. He
From the other side of the street, came a loud “
She could see it on his face. It was like the thoughts themselves were so unlikely, so absurd, that he couldn’t even form the words. In that kind of moments, she wished she could destroy all those walls he had built inside him. There was a time when they were probably necessary for his survival and his brother’s, but now Dean seemed imprisoned. He had built his view of the world and his whole personality pretty much all alone or with the help of toxic parenting and dubious society standards.
He looks at the screen and his jaw drops. Everything looks the same as it did a second ago, except for one tiny little detail – the colour of the bubble changed. Dean checks and double-checks again and again, but he can’t deny the obvious.
is the only people he would ever have gotten engaged to. But still, the fact remains.
Dean’s heart aches and it’s only now that he realises how much he misses seeing Cas’ face. His eyes follow the shape of his nose, the edge of his cheekbones, linger on his lips, and he feels a pleasant warmth spread inside his chest.
, and his head turns, blue eyes catching Dean’s and time stops for the fraction of a second.
It takes Dean a second to realise that he’s looking at a
“Cas,” Dean starts with a low voice and Cas swallows hard, the bag of bananas still lying on the scale behind him, completely forgotten about. “You know I love you.”
(After a while, Cas untangles himself from the hug and smirks up at him, a playful glint in his eyes. “So, does that officially give me permission to sacrifice myself for you now?”
“You’re really good with feelings and stuff, even though you just learned all of this, like, yesterday.” Cas snorts and a small laugh escapes Dean. “You’re extremely diligent and painstakingly organised in everything you do and I know, I know that I can always count on you.”
Dean smiles, slowly, cautiously, and takes a step towards Cas, at the same time as Sam takes several steps back, quietly removing himself from the situation.
, because this is
Sometimes, Dean wonders how not everyone who knows him falls in love with Cas, he wonders how Sam can just chill with him in the archives for hours upon hours, when he can barely even take his gaze for more than a full minute without succumbing to the urge to kiss him.
Only seconds later, however, his phone beeps and the screen lights up, informing him of a new message. Dean swallows hard and clenches his jaw. He knows this is going to be Cas, apologising for the previous message, explaining that he sent it by mistake because he hasn’t figured his phone out yet.
Immediately, Dean thrusts his phone at the bed like it burnt him, and just stares at it like it will continue to do so if he looks away. His heart beats in his throat and it feels awfully stuffy and hot in his room and he hopes that if he pinches himself hard enough, maybe he will wake up and realise this has all been a dream.
Inside he screams
charge his things on time, goddamnit.
In the end, Dean doesn’t say anything, because he doesn’t know how, or he doesn’t know what. He lets Cas leave and goes to bed.
? And when the hell did he learn about emojis? What’s that little kissy face supposed to tell him anyway?
“Weren’t you supposed to be at the gas station with Sam?”
Cas’ risotto last night was amazing, it looked annoyingly like the photo on the recipe he used and tasted even better. Dean doesn’t think he’s ever eaten anything more delicious in his entire life, and coming from a guy who could probably live off pie for the rest of his life, that’s certainly saying something.
He swallows and opens his mouth, unsure what to say, but certain that he has to say
He takes a deep breath and another step towards Cas, slowly lifting his hand and carefully placing it on his cheek. Instantly, Cas’ eyes slide shut as he leans into the touch, all tension and stiffness leaving his body.
Dean moans and squeezes his eyes shut. He definitely hates emojis for a reason, they’re either useless or annoyingly unclear when people use them to replace, you know, actual words.
The last row of emojis has Dean laughing out loud and he feels childish for the giddy excitement rising up in his stomach, for the fact that he can’t stop his lips from smiling and the way his heart instantly beats a beat faster. Cas is coming home.
Just as sudden as his arrival, Sam takes off again and shuts the door behind him with a loud bang. Dean shakes his head and reaches for his phone, ready to force the words back into his heart.
“I want you. To stay. And just in general. I want you.”
, a billion old creature who’s true form can’t even be
Dean wakes up the next morning to a message from Cas. He feels a wave of emotions wash over him when he realises that Cas must be keeping track of the time on earth in order to send those texts.
He groans and drags his hands across his face, pinching his own cheeks. Why does it have to be Cas, of all people? He’s not even
“Dunno. I thought he talked to you yesterday?”
to sleep, more so that he
keep the ring on this time?”
He feels incomplete already, without the familiar snugness around his finger he’s gotten so used to, and even though Dean keeps reminding him that it’s just a ring and that his love isn’t chained to it, damaging or even losing it would be his biggest failure to date. (It’s one of his greatest treasures after all – well, besides Dean himself, obviously. And maybe burgers.)
“Cas!” Dean spins around and stares at the angel in front of him. He looks the same, he thinks, he’s wearing the same trench coat he always wears, the same white shirt and black trousers, the same messy hair that somehow never needs to get cut. But still, his eyes are cold and darker than usual, his expression withdrawn and reserved and his back just a little bit too straight.
of Cas. Granted, it’s not a very good one, the angle is awful, Cas isn’t even looking at the camera but instead at the screen of his phone and the lighting is terrible. (If even heaven itself can’t get the lighting right, then what hope is there for bloggers…?)
It’s then that Dean is reminded again of who Cas really is. He’s not this dorky angel slash human being who goes on hunts with them and occasionally dresses up as a cowboy. He’s a literal
“No, you had a choice,” Dean shoots back, and his voice drips with disappointment and lingering resentment. “You just made the wrong one.”
“Of course. I thought that was obvious.” Cas makes a little pause. “Do you?”
“Cas…” Dean whispers, quietly, inaudible, and the shadow of a smile starts to play around his lips, pulling the corners up until the dry and chapped skin tears.
It aches and feels and it gives room for his fears and doubts to grow, and he shouldn’t feel the way he does, but still, his body shatters at the altar of Dean Winchester and he says, “I think it’s time for me to move on.”
“Dean!” Sam calls again, and he sounds really pissed now, so Dean quickly plugs his phone in to charge and hurries down the stairs. (He’s kinda glad he doesn’t have to worry about the consequences for the time being).
“Why, not happy to see me?”
' Or whatever.” And it’s Dean who’s saying it, but at the same time it’s not him, and he recognises his own words and remembers when he said them, why he said them, and he also remembers something else “I dragged you out of hell. I can throw you back in,” and it’s him who said that, but at the same time it’s not him, because the words feel strange and bitter on the tip of his tongue.
to walk around sacrificing yourself for everyone and everything that even looks at you nicely, but when I decide to do it, it is wrong and unreasonable?”
. And it makes sense, because infections aren’t a good thing and now he keeps slipping, and it makes him sloppy and less reliable and a burden, and yet, Dean keeps him around, humours him, and he knows that it’s not because he’s needed or because he’s wanted and he knows that he doesn’t know why but he knows that he’s glad, because he’s got nowhere else to go and no other life to lead.
“What’s so different about me, then?” Dean snaps, and feels the anger rise up in his chest. He’s not entirely sure why he can’t just give it a rest. “Why not Sam? Or Bobby? Or Charlie? Or any other
He smiles and continues washing the dishes, waiting for Sam and Dean to come back home.
All hell breaks loose around Dean when the witches who kept him hostage for weeks on end fall to the floor all around him, limp and lifeless, like they’re mere flies and not monsters who have tortured him day and night.
He climbs into bed next to Dean and presses a chaste kiss to his forehead, careful not to wake him. Before he goes to sleep, he takes off his engagement ring and places it on the nightstand next to him.
That’s what they told him, and to date, it is probably the only task he hasn’t failed at. He’s not going to start now.)
They all howl with laughter and she raises something that looks suspiciously like an angel blade, making a move towards Cas, who stands rooted to the spot, his eyes turned downwards.
Sometimes, he still can’t quite believe his luck. He’s engaged, and he’s engaged to Dean Winchester of all people – mind you,
“I was, am, just…just surprised. Is all.” The words spill out of Dean’s mouth, he can’t get them out fast enough.
He pushes the button and the screen lights up, alerting him of one new message.
“I do?” Cas replies, and tilts his head in confusion.
“You’re an expert at misplacing things and forgetting basic stuff like brushing your hair in the morning or going to sleep, but at the same time you’re
’ in his throat and he knows he made a terrible mistake. He’s scared, and he doesn’t want to be, and he knows he may never make this right again.
After a few seconds, Cas pulls away and looks at Dean, his lips pursed and an expression of confusion in eyes.
And even though this is supposed to be funny, just a joke about his overly cautious behaviour, Cas sees the tears forming in the corners of Dean’s eyes and the genuineness in his smile.
By now, tears are shamelessly streaming down Cas’ face and he wants nothing more than to pull Dean up and bury his face in his chest. But he keeps still and says nothing because, he believes, this would probably kind of ruin the joke.
. What’s not to like? (
human, Cas, you know that? You keep learning
Cas tilts his head and moves back a few steps, drawing his brows closer together. “Surprised?”
“Came back 'cause I forgot the car keys,” Dean replies casually, before adding, “…when I found something on the shelf.”
and this is happening and he needs to get this right.
But deep down he knows he’s lying to himself, knows that it’s never been an illness of only the body, but rather him all along.
When he turns back to Cas, Dean clears his throat and tries to regain his cool. “So…you feel that for me, huh?”
And now he just keeps making mistakes, wrong calls, wrong moves, he judges too much and not enough, he takes too long and not long enough, and in the whole of it, he just keeps
“I just assumed that this was appropriate. Isn’t that what people do when they…when they love?”
, and you know what, Cas? I think this might’ve been true, all those years ago, and you’re still the man I’m looking for. The one I’m always looking for.”
, and knows this isn’t enough, because his love is more than love, and maybe this is some new human-angel hybrid kind of love, and perhaps it’s something he will never be able to fully express because it doesn’t exist outside of himself.
“I’m sorry for intruding, but I wanted to say my goodbyes…properly this time.”
There’s a pause and the tension seems almost palpable as a flicker of something Dean can’t identify flits across Cas’ eyes. He drags his teeth across his bottom lip and adds, “You don’t get to decide whether or not to die for me. Never.”
Dean’s eyes sparkle mischievously and he flashes a grin at him. Cas enjoys few things more than to watch the skin around his eyes crinkle whenever he does that, but it really doesn’t help with his confusion.
What he does instead, however, is hug his phone close and remember Cas’ sleepy face from the brief time when he was human, when he’d need sleep as much as Dean does, when Dean would hope, in the middle of the night where no one could see, that they’d grow old together.
“You really are the most human of them all, you know that, Cas?”
He sent another one of those kiss emojis and Dean kind of wants to punch his phone, kind of wants to kiss the screen. That’s Cas for you, supernatural being deluxe and angel of the lord, yet still mastering the art of sending ambiguous unclear text messages.
He sent the message. To Cas.
While changing into his nightly attire, Cas watches Dean who’s already sleeping soundly, his features relaxed; a peaceful expression Cas sees more and more often these days.
When Dean comes to, he’s worried.
It’s a mockery, “You only tolerate the angel because you think you owe him, because he '
With the information that Cas has apparently not been killed by bitchy witches, the adrenaline leaves Dean’s body abruptly and for the first time since waking up, he feels the searing pain in his limbs and lets his leaden body sink back into the pillows. He falls asleep again almost immediately.
Dean deliberately stabs the book beside him instead, and he should be glad but he’s not, because maybe Dean should have done it, and maybe he should have let this body go and start anew, because maybe the infection hasn’t yet reached his core.
Dean can only nod, still too shocked at the whole thing to form a coherent thought, let alone a proper sentence. He licks his lips and can still taste Cas on them.
He expects bad news, good news, an emergency, a flurry of emojis – to be honest, he’d been prepared for anything except for what he actually finds when he opens the message – a photo of Cas himself, a crease between his brows and his hand caught mid-wave.
“You once said to me – you were quoting
Dean's probably never eaten slower in his entire life and Sam kept giving him side-eyes when he kept chewing the same bite for half an eternity. But when he can’t delay the inevitable any longer, Dean drags his feet up to his room and glances at his phone with a feeling of dread in his stomach.
There’s total silence in the fruit aisle around them as their audience waits and hopes, and when Dean looks up at him with his dark green eyes glistening in the fluorescent light of the supermarket, with his gentle smile and slightly reddened cheeks, Cas can only nod, vehemently, frantically, as he bends down and pulls Dean up from the ground, hugging him tight.
"Alright, alright." Gruffly, he pries her off of him.
Dean's sauteing some onions when Sam comes in, grabbing himself a bottled water out of the fridge.
"She's--"
He can see the second it starts to dawn on Cas what Dean is trying to say.
A quick, genuine laugh bursts out of Dean. "I'm serious! No two."
Horrified, Sam sits up fast enough to know that was a pretty dumb move. With a hand covering his eyes to ward off the defensive attack of his stomach, he says, "Oh god, no. Please tell me I didn't--"
Cas's sigh trickles through the phone line. “Dean.”
Dean repeats the same sound as before, only this time he adds humor to it. "Seriously?"
Sam was sputtering defensively on the other end. Eventually he managed to string together a group of words. "Wait, is this about Cas? Are you saying I was actually right?"
They nearly trip over each other on the way to Dean's room, adrenaline making them clumsy, and it's only once the door's shut behind them that they breathe easy again.
Fuck Cas, anyway. Dean grabs the tape and drops it in his waste basket. It clatters dully and lands just as anticlimactically, but even so, fuck Cas. Fuck Cas, fuck Cas, fuck fuck fuck --
Then Dean makes his way down Cas' body and Cas gives up the staring to squeeze his eyes shut.
"Get here," Dean tells him, "get here now," he says and then hangs up. The phone gets thrown aside.
He listens to the radio often. It's set to some local station that drones monotone news, hourly breaks for the weather, and a mattress warehouse jingle that plays so often, Dean sometimes hums it without thinking, making it the world's most confusing earworm.
Because he's the tactful one, Sam clears his throat.
He stares at Dean after, expectantly. Just waiting. Ready for the mocking to come. Embracing that it will happen.
Dean barks the rest of their order into the phone and ends the call. Cas hears the mattress springs coil back into place and then the nearly silent tread of Dean taking a couple of hesitant steps forward. "Cas?"
Dean points sternly at him with the spatula. "Watch it. That's 'penis' to you."
Which was a lie, they both knew it, but it was also an out. A way for them to blow the whole thing off without any repercussions.
A loud metallic clatter makes them jump apart.
"We're not!" How is he having to explain this?
It gets real quiet, then, in a way that makes everything seem loud.
," she hisses with an enthusiastic pair of thumbs up, adding in that same forceful whisper, "
Dean almost startled, pulled out of his thoughts like he was, because this was bringing up some heavy stuff he never bothered to sit and pick at before. It was weird to talk about Cas like that. It was even weirder to realize how deep his gratitude ran, and strange, too, to feel that point where gratitude trailed off and something else, something bigger and more complicated, picked up.
Over her shoulder, Cas shoots Dean a helpless, embarrassed look, accepting the burst of his physical bubble with some seriously stiff arms that he keeps hung at his sides.
"Cas—”
"You prayed to Cas back then?" Sam asks like he had no clue. Dean gives him a look that says 'not the point' and Sam moves on. "I used to think all it'd take was a home, and a little stability, and someone you loved, and you'd, I don't know. Let all that weight you carry around go."
"It was candy!"
The next day, Dean's running late. He loves his car like most people love living things, but come winter she's hell to deal with.
"Me too," Cas says, snatching his menu up.
"It wasn't a date," Cas told him, again. "I enjoy Meg's company. She's--"
"Yeah, 'cause he's like a lost baby duck that's imprinted on the world's most gross--"
He gets a job where he's the only rooster in the hen house and, bam. The ladies pour in.
"—so finally I told my mom that an office, that whole nine-to-five, business suit thing, wasn't for me, and it was like. You know in Old Yeller, when the dog dies? Like that. Like I pity-killed my mom's dreams."
Dean carries the hutch in first, sweating up the flight of stairs to their apartment. When he shoulders his way inside, Sam spots him right away and calls out, "Dude."
Only instead of heading for the counter, Cas turned and followed him, hot on his heels and crowding his personal space.
Cas' face goes completely wrecked for a second. And then he closes his eyes and breathes out heavily. Dean's heart does a couple of drunken somersaults in his chest. But Cas just opens his eyes without making a big deal out of it and stares at the stars again, only there's a new sort of calm to him.
He can see the corner of Cas's mouth pull up into a small smile. "Maybe. But I enjoy spending time with Charlie. She's very... confident."
Dean just stares. That's how ridiculous that is.
Dean doesn't even know if him and Cas are friends, so not answering him feels like a solid move. Except Cas tracks him his whole walk back, with eyes like Dean kicked his dog, so he drops the pot back where it belongs and meets him across the register again.
"Right," he agrees, mentally psyching himself up. It's happening, then, he's definitely doing this. Metallica blasts through his brain to get him pumped. Okay. He can do this. "Anything I should know before, y'know." He nods at the curtain like it's a bomb to diffuse. Kinda feels like it.
"Hey, I'm not judging. I remember Pamela."
"I'm glad."
Only, instead of evasion, Cas opens up. "It's... difficult," he agrees. Dean's head snaps his way, because that? That confession, or whatever it is, is huge. Cas senses Dean's stare and meets it. "I don't know how you do it."
Christine stirs back to life some. At least she looks more tied to reality instead of internally drifting in and out of grief like she's been doing the past five minutes they've all been getting settled. "You're the one who lives with Castiel, right?"
"Burger's fine. I wouldn't say no to some bacon," he adds, charm dialed all the way up.
Sam says, through his teeth and the most crazed-looking smile, "See ya."
"Okay." That's hesitant, as is, "Where?"
Cas has his own car, but it's this crappy Honda Civic that Dean is going to never, ever be okay with. It was made in the 90's. Just, no.
Dean had smiled over Cas' mutterings at first, only because they were so hilariously random. The guy was obsessed with fish, who knew. Then Sam had put his hand on Cas' forehead and glowered at Dean. "He has a fever. His brain's pretty much frying right now."
Dean backs up, away from Sam. Bizarro-Sam. Whoever.
"Then I don't understand."
Dean tries to meet Cas's eyes to warn him to be careful, but Cas is looking determinedly ahead, in smiting, ex-angel of the lord mode.
"Okie-doke," he says back with a shitload of fake compliance.
"Flu," he laughs.
That knocks all the wind right out of Dean's sails. "Come again?"
Dean, again, feels warring emotions, because fuck no, what he wants is Cas. Preferably for forever, but as long as possible works too. But it's not possible, and that already sucks enough as it is. If he's going to wind up alone anyway, why not spare them both the inevitable heartache and pull that band-aid off now?
"Kevin's still propheting like a pro. Kid's got some kinda attitude, though. He shot an arrow at me, Cas. An arrow."
Cas only stares at him. There's a glossiness there, like he's not really seeing what's in front of him anymore. He looks so damn peaceful all of a sudden, so calm and at rest, that something feral starts thrashing around inside Dean's chest.
Sam didn't share what happened to the place. If it went belly up, if a storm hit and the repairs were too costly, if the locals held some sorta grudge. But its insides look gutted. There are overturned tables in the corner and papery remnants of a business, that's it. Everything else is ratty and broke and covered in grime and dust.
"Keep telling yourself that," Dean tells Cas brightly.
"Choir, preaching," Dean tells him.
Then again, Sam's at the table doing homework and Bobby's out front working on cars, so maybe Cas is cool with keeping this between them. Dean had asked if they could, after, when they'd gotten up to wipe themselves off (dried jizz is in Dean's top 3 of 'worst ever,' that is not a joke) and Cas had looked bothered at the time but clearly he's gotten over it.
Dean looks up, heart already thrumming wild in his chest, and feels it jump anew because Cas is standing across the room. His Cas. Fresh out of Purgatory Cas. Holy shit.
And then they were kissing right there in the kitchen, so enthusiastic that their poor table was being pushed around from the clumsy, frantic way they were grappling at one another.
He's clocked out for lunch, on his way to his car, when life makes lemonade from his current haul of lemons.
Point is, Cas' car. It's straight out of the 70's, this old junker that would've fit right at home in Bobby's salvage yard once upon a time ago. It's a brown, gold colored Volvo, rust eating away at the paint, but Cas shows it off proudly like it's the best thing he owns.
Again, his insides revolt, but it's guilt once more.
Cas hits him with some confusion.
and --
After a long moment of steadying each other, they pull apart. Dean keeps a hand on Cas's shoulder, unwilling to let go, to give up the solidity that proves he's here.
That cuts the fight right out of him. It knocks Dean flat on his ass, easy. "What am I supposed to say to that, Sammy?"
"Dammit," Dean sighs. "Stop. We're not broke."
He leans in like his morbid curiosity's getting the better of him. "How'd you find him?"
He just figures he should probably find out beforehand. It'd be kind of awkward if he went in for an introduction and it turned out she was some ex-fling or half of a shady affair.
He's probably in here to
It makes his heart beat high inside his throat.
And, fine. Whatever. Maybe Dean does a little.
"What? No."
"Uhhh," Sam says, laughing some, but it's a worried/little bit uncomfortable sound. "Really?"
He considers lying, but, fuck it.
Something hopeful passes across Cas's face, bigger than just the moment.
Getting up a flight of stairs while making out with another person is like some intense mindfuck.
about that. All at once, Dean loses the urge to be glib. He gets serious fast, and Cas, eyes widening now, catches on.
"A-ha! I knew it. I mean, I don't actually know what I know, but I know that I know something, so spill."
"Dude, you're ice-skating spilled milk. So, yeah. You suck at this," he notes, pulling Cas from the accident zone.
Dean's argument dies before it even begins. Fuck Sam, but also, yeah. Dammit, he wants to bring the guy some cocoa.
He wonders if Gabriel's gay, too, or if the foam art was meant to be mocking. It wouldn't be the first time Dean got shit for being butch.
"Because Cas is a little... stunted, when it comes to, you know. Relationships. And stuff."
The room is still dark, and when Dean glances at the table behind him, the one he has to look over the lump that is Cas to even see, he learns it's only 4:12 in the morning.
It was a glimpse of a slightly round belly appearing under a lifted shirt.
Castiel gives himself an internal pep talk. He'll do very well this time. Everything will be alright.
deanwin@gmail.com
Dean wasn’t surprised that Castiel pointed it out loud. It was a tiny advantage of always saying what was on his mind : sometimes it was clearing the air. After another sip of his drink, he ran a hand through his hair and admitted.
Delivery has failed to these recipients or groups :
And Balthazar’s favorite : when he met his date at the Rose Garden, and took him straight to the beehives, ready to impress the poor bastard with his knowledge. Turns out the guy was severely allergic to bees. Did the guy make it ? He couldn’t remember, but man, what a laugh.
Dean’s agonizing face was the scariest thing he saw in a long time : his eyes were dark and his hands gripped so tight on the wheel, Sam wouldn’t be surprised to hear something crack. The silence thickened the air around them but none of them moved, Sam ruining the leather seat with his drenched pajamas and Dean not caring about it.
God he was happy. Happier than....well. Very happy. Even if he freaked out a bit seeing that Sam was in town, he knew that invitation was a step further in the right direction.
He liked the dry humor and what was hiding underneath. He liked the voice, the belly laughs and the soft chuckles. He liked the caring attitude that was showing more and more. He liked the armor and what he could glimpse at through the cracks. He liked the eyes and the whatever-color hair. He liked the reliability, the capability. He liked the brief text messages and the short sentences. He liked the smile. God, the
The silence was deafening. Really, that women deserved paradise for trying because his brother was a lost cause.
A flying fork interrupted him before he could tell his best joke about the firmness of brand-new fabric.
And between his hands, the usually witty and very smug Dean Winchester could only whisper a weak ‘
Misunderstandings were one of the worst things on Earth and Castiel was a fervent believer of communication as a peacekeeping’s tool. He couldn’t help it : he
They talked for almost an hour, in the empty room of the Roadhouse, drinking coffee and eating leftovers pancakes. They talked about the running sessions, the restaurants with Sam and Eileen, the Thursday nights movies. They talked about Dean’s energy, his strength. About the way he smiled more and more, with his whole face. They talked about the road so far and the long way to go.
It was easy and weird at the same time.
He rolled his eyes and promised he would look at the ad and think about it seriously.
Hello !
Hello again ♥
After running a hand on his sleepy face, he scrolled through his short contact list until he found Bobby Singer.
Balthazar patted his brother’s shoulder.
Cas nodded and took his time to eat the whole slice, not minding the silence settling between them. Dean, on the other hand, was feeling more and more unsettled. He fidgeted with the cover of the box the whole time, unable to hit the nail on the head of the problem. He suddenly realized that it was the first time in years he was having a nice meaningless moment with a new person. Not trying to seduce someone, not having a fight or drinking, not doing something he
There was a long, uncomfortable, silence and Dean didn’t know if he was supposed to laugh or to scream. “It’s literally the first time I ever come to the libr…”
He was used to be the nervous one but Dean was a serious competitor. Everything in his posture was defensive, the hands in the pockets, the tensed shoulders, his way of walking half a step behind him, as if he wishes to run away at any second.
Hello everyone !
Somedays, Sam was confident. Dean loved them, and a firm intervention was all he needed. With his go getter attitude, he could accomplish anything, including being sober and getting help. Somedays, he felt like it was the worst thing to do. Dean was stubborn and unhappy; Sam and his family were all he had left and blackmailing him to cure himself was abusive and heartless.
Maybe just grabbing a coffee for starter. And walk around the fair. There was a lot to see and to talk about, that should do it. That was it. Coffee. Walking. Discovering the stalls. What could go wrong ?
homecoming ?
✉ 2018/06/05 at 16:12
For a second, Jody contemplated the idea to let everyone have a good fight while she would just watch and sip on her coffee. “Enough. This a temporary contract, so if he does not fit the requirement, we’ll figure something out. End of the discussion. So, his name is Dean Winchester, he worked in two different libraries in Kansas and Montana, once as a music and film librarian, and once as an assistant librarian. He has also worked in a bookstore, a music festival and…” she looked down at her papers “and a record store. Music seems to be his strong suit. I guess if he’s not totally on point on cinema, you could help him a bit, Charlie ?”
Dean picked up after two rings. From the background, Castiel was hearing a constant flow of tiny voices, one babbling and the other one asking endlessly “
. Maybe…maybe they all let their guard down ? What could have happened to make him drink ? Must have been bad. Was Sam ok ? Maybe it was his wife ? She didn’t remember her name but she was pregnant…maybe something went wrong ?
What else could he thought about ? What else could he say ?
something.
And Castiel was happy to be fluent enough in Dean Winchester to notice he was only grumbling on principle. His eyes, on the contrary, were very fond.
Have fun !
Dean suddenly felt very self-conscious, as if Cas told him he was rambling nonsense for hours now. He shoved the plate toward him so he could taste and remained very silent during the whole process.
She couldn’t remember the last time she laughed that much. She was out of breath, tears rolling on her face while Dean was losing his shit, shouting and trying to get his phone back. The laughter was contagious, he started to repress it, trying extremely hard to stay mad, or to look mad, at least. He wasn’t a good faker, since Jo put her arm around his shoulder and laid her head against his arm.
I hope you'll like this chapter, there is few paragraphs that make my heart ache, but in a good way !
She looked at him like he was the Holy Father or something. And he felt a bit like it. She would probably think a lot less of him when she would grow up and discover that he lied about that, but he could use some admiration in his life right now.
I hope I'll see you soon,
Sam even invited him to come home and see the kids, two weeks ago. Old habits die hard, Dean instantly opened his mouth to refuse with a false pretext. Then he shut it. Opened it again. Well, new Dean was maybe better than the old one but he would never be one to talk openly about his feelings and he struggled to find words he was comfortable to say without lying.
deanwin@gmail.com
Castiel pinched his lips and looked away from Balthazar. From the corner of the room, he saw the reverend’s wife gesturing at him.
Remember when I promised that things would get better and there would be fluff ?
He took two cushions out of the couch and clapped them together, resulting in a little cloud of cat’s hair that made him sneeze twice with the cutest noise Dean’s ever heard.
Thankfully, he'll have a good opportunity to feel useful.
Everything on the coffee table was now on the floor, two shelves were off the wall and when he took a step back, he felt broken glass under his foot. Sam was nowhere to be seen.
And exactly when Dean thinks it couldn't be worse, it get worse.
Cas took the box on his lap and frowned. He turned it around and the frowning intensified. Dean blinked. What is it now ? Okay, it didn’t look neat, because he smashed the last two slices in the plastic tub and carried it in his backpack, maybe a bit upside down, but it smelled good and all. He leaned over to see what was troubling Castiel and both of them spoke at the same time.
They remained silent for a moment, eyes closed, rocked by the soft breathing of the kids. When Castiel shifted to speak to Dean, he discovered that he was looking right at him.
Ten feet away from the buffet, Castiel was congratulating himself on how his coat were doing a particularly good job at fusing him into the beige wall. When the familiar sound of nails clicking on a glass ringed on his left ear, followed by a very friendly “
(See the end of the chapter for
Do you think they have set a filter to send you this auto reply whenever you send them an email containing the word “replacement” ?
Sam watched the smug grin on his brother’s face when he opened the fridge.
He did.
She was insufferable but Dean couldn’t suppress a laugh.
He glanced at his brother. Castiel was rolling his eyes, that was a good sign. Balthazar could read Castiel like an open book since they were kids. They each had their role : Castiel being serious, stiff and clueless to the world, while Balthazar was overly energetic, witty and careless. He never dragged his brother away from of one of his gloomy episodes by being nice. Maybe someone could do it, but not him. So, he sticked to his script.
There was a cacophony of answers from the discarded sofas and armchairs of the newspapers room.
was not only true in relationships but also in booty calls.
The pencil still spinning around his left fingers, Ash leaned back in his chair and went back to his smartphone. This article on the moon landing was fascinating. All those pictures with the immobile flag were disturbing…Yes, they told everybody that it was a solid flag, made to imitate a flying fabric one, but… it also could have been that they fucked up with the pictures and came up with a lie to cover it all. Because, clearly, it was impossible that -
PS : stop using b**** in your emails, it goes right into my spam folder.
And guess what : he brought pie ! I think it’s homemade ?? Did you know he was cooking ?
PS : I hope I’ll be back before noon but if I’m not please don’t let Dean eat with Ash, not on his first day
he leaned on the counter,
Dean’s mind flashed with pictures of Cas, a crowbar stabbed in his foot. That was a bad idea.
Bold of you to assume I’m not already living in Baby, bitch.
Hello there !
His resolution crumbled three seconds later, when he held the plate to Dean, who took it, his raspy hand covering his own fingers for a second. Dean’s eyes met his for longer than necessary and Castiel had to blink a few times before remembering that he should let go of the cookies.
She walked straight to the porch and made a show, one foot up on the railing, bending on it with a big grin on her face, looking straight at Dean.
When all the faces in the alley turned towards him, Castiel realized he must have yell louder than he thought. A few feet away, Dean had frozen and when he turned to him, he did not look happy.
Jo comes by for a morning run and she spots something suspicious...
The hand on his shoulder made him jump and he turned around to see Olivia, smiling at him.
That must have been the first time he said such a thing to his brother’s face because he went suddenly mute. Castiel walked past him and rushed into the house. May the shower help him to lighten his mood because he was not ready for a Sunday brunch right now.
cnovak@siouxfalls.org
”. Dean couldn’t help but smile.
He had spent more time that he would admit on his application and the wait had been fucking torture. When he hung up the phone, he felt cold sweat running down his back. This shit was about to get real. What if it didn’t turn out well ?
: Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Head of the library’s replacement
Olivia ran her fingers through her short hair. That pie thing escalated quickly. Apparently throwing it away wasn’t the solution. Castiel was now convinced there were never enough of it and brought a double batch, twice a week.
Where Dean Winchester entertains the idea of going back to Sioux Falls and living close to his family and best friend.
He was precisely the kind of moron who went on a date with the wrong person and did not even notice. To top it off, Cas seemed to know what thought popped in his head. However, he was polite enough to keep any snarky comment for himself (Dean would never have) and just asked :
I want to thank them, especially
✉ 2018/07/06 at 10:37
His bachelorhood was not a secret, but it wasn’t a choice either. The righteous man just never showed up and Castiel never felt like actively looking for it. It seemed to be unholy. If God wanted him to find someone, it would happen.
That was his carpenter indeed.
This is my first story ever, and this is also the first time I write anything in english, so it was a biiig adventure for me. I'm glad I made it to the end and I'm glad I posted it for y'all to read. I've been sooo happy with the feedback, it kept me going and made me want to write tons of new stories.
Damn, that was sweet. Dean had forgotten how the little things could enlighten the day.
Enjoy !
Well, a guy in a plaid shirt, obviously. Around forty, alone, and fidgeting with something in his hands. Castiel took a few steps forward. It could have been anyone, especially since he was sitting three hundred feet away from their meeting point.
The voice was sharp, defensive. That “Big Brother” status was a strong and opaque armor that Dean put on one day and never took off. When they were younger, it was probably a matter of life and death, yeah. Now they were both adults, Sam would have preferred them to be just brothers, without hierarchy of any kind. Close siblings, with a deep connection and an unshakable trust in each other would have been perfect. Boy, he would have done anything to get Dean out of this downward spiral. He should have tried earlier, but he always thought that Dean would find his own way, when he’d be done helping him. Sam was now married for 6 years, they had two kids, that should be enough for Dean to consider him settled. He knew his brother was a great guy, smart, witty, funny, caring in his own gruff way (when he wasn’t totally soaked in beer).
Hi there !
jmills@siouxfalls.org
If the first meeting was like a bucket of ice poured into his shirt, the second was worst. Both times, he went straight to Jo’s bar when it was over and tried to drink himself to death.
It must have been a beautiful building, a long time ago, but now it looked a bit decrepit. Yet, the garden around was amazing, if you liked the wild jungle vibes.
He should create a dating app for lonely and irritating patrons. At least they would get off his back.
Why was I not aware about the newly hired employee ?
Olivia remembered his shy face, three months ago, when he brought a homemade pie to committee meeting. He was obviously new to cooking and seemed so unsure of the whole experience that everybody there flooded him with compliments. That was the worst idea ever, since Castiel wasn’t at all encouraged to grow his kitchen skills : he was simply happy to bring back the exact same pie whenever he could.
After an improvised picnic, a lot of explanation about the bees, two hide-and-seeks and messy ball game, the girls started to slow down.
See u you soon !
Balthazar pinched his nose and tried to compose himself an amenable and innocent face. It took him a good five minutes, during which he heard Cassie washing the dishes with an aggressivity that was not usual for him.
Is he supposed to be pissed?
"Goodbye, Cas."
Dean goes back to the burgers, backing away from the steam that lets out when the lid comes off. "You were taking too long to go! And, c'mon. Look at that mug. Look at it," he teases, patting Sam on the cheek, who swipes Dean's hand away with a glare. "Like something went wrong."
"Mmm," Sam says, pulling the egg nog out of the fridge case.
"Frells yes I did! That's how a lady makes it in the world. Slap it and tap it," she demands of Cas, looking for that high-five Dean denied her earlier.
"You seem so smart. So tuned into nerd culture. I'm just saying, there's no way Han Solo's cooler than Luke Skywalker. No way."
"Okay, yeah," Sam continues, his mood picking up. "Looks like there's a town called Lovewell, it's..." He clicks at his computer some more. "18 miles northeast of Mankato."
Dean ducks out with a grin -- and then sticks his head right back in, saying, "But for real, things get hot n'heavy? Put a sock on the--"
"For months I was little more than a puppet and my 'family' didn't suspect a thing."
Cas doesn't say anything about it. Cas only takes small bites, and watches Dean, and doesn't speak.
Dean taps the bar top twice. “Alright. You see him, you—”
"You are the honest-to-god worst, you do know that, right? Just drop it."
"I myself have always been more of a Take That fan. You should see my 'Do What You Like' choreographed routine. It's brilliant--would bowl you over completely. I'm Kevin, by the way," the guy says, holding out a hand.
"What can I say, man," Dean answered back, grinning big. "Life's awesome."
"Dad," the son complains.
or whatever. Dean has both the heebs and the jeebs, okay.
"So," Sam says. He taps once at the table top, abandoning those tattered threads. "Research?"
"Oh, and, Dean?" Castiel calls out after they walk away. "The apron is mandatory."
"Yeah, hey. What's up?"
"Okay," she surrenders. "But don't think I won't crack you. I'll break you like a weak hack. Or an egg. Whichever threatens you more."
"Good for you, and I wasn't. My point is, I am interested in astronomy."
bubbling so close to the surface knowing he can do something about it.
With his jaw clenched, Dean got back to his feet, the chair he'd been sitting at scraping across dirty floorboards. Benny was still using power tools in the yard outside and Dean was eager to get back to that. Right. And eager to avoid whatever heart-to-heart Bobby thought he was suckering him into. Hell no.
"Friends?" Cas pressed, after a beat.
"Yeah. Shit. Come on, Cas. Come on," he encouraged him, tugging now at Cas's zipper. Cas didn't let Dean do more than get his pants halfway unzipped before he was thrusting upwards, slicking precome over the back of Dean's hand, a wet trail of it that got even stickier when Cas did it again, groaning.
He gets up and pulls Cas with him. "Nice to meet you, Kirsty."
“He means adopt,” Dean tells her, with a look at Cas after that optically shouts:
Offering up a smile that boasts of allyship, she nods and takes back off, humming softly to herself.
There's a spark, this tingling jolt of pleasure, that shoots off in his gut whenever he rolls his hand over the head of his dick and slides it, slowly, all the way back down. He keeps his eyes closed, forcing his brain to stay in Dreamland where Cas is naked and giving him a blowjob. In this scenario, Dean's also being rubbed down by barely clothed women he's pretty sure his psyche is projecting from Busty Asian Beauties spreads, because Dreamland Dean is nothing if not opportunistic.
So that's what they do.
In a way, though, this is familiar. This is Purgatory. Cas has Dean's back, Dean has his. And Benny. Benny...
Finally Cas ends their kiss, palming Dean like Dean's got thirty seconds to get off or the world's going to shit. There's a swoop in his stomach. He can feel his arousal building.
"Little of both, I suppose. That a problem?"
"Trust me, it's worse in person."
"Mom," Jo whines. "C'mon. God."
Cas doesn't say anything, just burrows even closer, but Dean can see the goosebumps. Dean worries again that this is more than medicine and soup can fix but he shuts that voice in his head up, hiking the covers over the both of them.
"Sam," Cas says, in a way that clearly means he's having to cut off Sam's rambling, "you need to find the grave site of--"
"Dean?"
Fuck, pretty much.
"Listen, I'm home now and there's definitely spirit activity, but Amelia--"
Dean clears his throat and distracts himself by scanning the menu on the wall. It's handwritten and done in chalk, half of the things are scribbled over with some new coffee or tea to take the place of the retired one. "Uh, latte. Please. Small."
"It's broke," he grunts out, deflecting the questions before they start. He finally pries the nail loose and, victorious, wields it at Cas, proud as hell.
Jo, two years younger and every bit the lifelong royal pain in his ass, hassles him tonight when he shows up fresh off securing his job.
comment at his expense when his hand slips in something wet on the floor. He doesn't even have to look to know that it's blood, because it's warm and what else could it be?
Dean chuffs out a humorless laugh. He closes his eyes, squeezing the bridge of his nose. "I'm not talking about this with you."
"Yeah, you know what I realized today? I'm not the little brother anymore," Sam brags, like that has anything to do with, you know, anything. "Technically."
"Hey, you alive in there?"
A few minutes later, Charlie writes back.
. Cold spots everywhere. You, uh, probably don't get that in a place like this. Hmm?"
"I lost my shoe," Sam whines. The sock-covered toes of his left foot wiggle in solidarity of this.
"Eat your food," he deflects, taking a bite out of his bacon, with purpose.
"Good, that'll make tonight easier on you. I'll pick you up at 8."
Far from placating him, it only serves to dig the hole deeper. "Dean has a habit of presuming to know anything about me or what I might want," Cas bites out, clearly beyond done, and Dean's right there with him.
Yeah, sure. On a random ass Thursday, when Dean knows damn well Cas has to work the next day, he wants to
Sped up, Dean connects the rest of those dots and gets what Cas is getting at. "Cas..."
Sam stares at him from across the booth. For entire seconds.
"If I had a choice," Cas says, and he's just as serious as before, but now he's scuffing his shoes on the ground, staring at his feet. He looks up to tell Dean, "I'd stay."
Cas says, "Dean," and reaches to draw him back, but Dean stiffens at the contact and Cas lets go.
Well, great. Now Dean has to suck it up.
Sunlight trickles into the small fort through the entranceway and a window eleven-year-old Cas sawed out. It's not bright inside, but Dean can see Cas looking around, the memories hitting hard. They saw a girl's boobs for the first time in here. In a magazine, but still. Once, when Cas' parents were fighting, Dean offered to live in their treehouse with him, even if Bobby said he couldn't.
Cas keeps his back to Dean while he fusses with a tiny ass bird that's flown to the top shelf, trying to corral it into his cupped hands. Seriously, anyone here ever heard of cages? All too easily Dean feels the imaginary splatter of bird crap on his back and has to cringe it away.
"Yeah, can we go?"
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APoCpZOrI4w
It doesn't stop Cas from glancing over at him on his way out. When he's busted -- okay, so maybe Dean was looking too -- he scowls and hurries out, just this side of flustered.
, but whatever. He'd like to see them live without pie for how long Dean's had to live without pie. They'd be feeling clingy towards it too.
Why? Why those words? Kicking himself but covering like a pro, Dean glances back up. "$4.57."
Their best guess so far is time travel. How, Dean doesn't know. For one, it doesn't explain where Cas went, the Cas he had a hold on when they booked it out of Purgatory. It doesn't explain why there's no other-Dean around clamoring for attention, except for the fact that, according to Sam, the Dean here goes away for months at a time to sow his wild oats, or whatever. It doesn't explain a damn thing.
When he wraps his fingers around it, Cas' fingers chase right after his, wrapping around them too like there ain't a chance in hell he's letting Dean let go. That... is way hotter than it has a right to be. Dean's own dick throbs in response, and in protest of being trapped behind jeans.
The day of the wedding, the one Sam dragged him to, him and Lisa got into their biggest blowout yet. All because the lease on her apartment is coming up and amid her 'do I renew or do I level up?' conundrum she threw 'moving in together' as an option to consider. Which, even now, sends Dean's pulse racing like he's some commitmentphobe heading for the hills. It's not that. Not just that. There's Sam to consider, too.
"It's about time," Jo says with a laugh. "I swear, the way you are, and the way he is, it's like night and day."
Then it goes black.
"Yes," Dean snaps.
Cas looks out at the mountainscape beside them, his gaze very far away. Then he sighs and gets out of the car, leaving the door wide open behind him. He heads towards the trunk and lingers. After a beat, Dean follows him, closing his and Cas's door as he goes.
Nothing weird, either, about Cas in nothing but boxers, some old band t-shirt Dean could've sworn he packed in his own duffel, and a pair of socks.
For entire minutes Cas curled over the toilet bowl and prayed to the porcelain gods until there was nothing left in his stomach to throw up.
"Alright, I gotta go," he says, his voice coming in-and-out like halfway through he switched the phone to his other ear.
Cas takes a step toward him. And then another, smiling small.
Instead of answering, Charlie stares over his shoulder.
Meanwhile, he texts Benny back.
Cas, smart guy, puts two and two together. "Ghost?"
They get half the room cleared, and Dean's listening to the guy on the radio talk about the freak lack of deaths in town, natural or otherwise, a streak spanning something like a week already, when Cas speaks up again.
," Sam barks, making it clear it's not the first time he's called after him.
Before that, before Wisconsin and the landlady that kicked them out, Dean remembers overhearing phone calls. Sam, six-years-old, asleep in the bed beside him, curled up underneath a small mountain of thin, scratchy motel blankets, and their dad whispering outside the single room, snippets of the conversation he was trying to keep quiet making its way to Dean.
She says, “I’m gonna be forward here, because I’m getting the feeling you’re changing your minds, but. I'm in.”
"That you led me to! Like I'm some kinda friggin' horse, with a carrot--"
Yes. No. Honestly, he saw Lisa, saw the dude, and split. No thought involved. Just, gone and out the door as quickly as he processed it. Even now, he can't tell if he's jealous or just feeling embarrassed she's moved on so quick.
He drops the rocks and swipes his hands clean on his pants while Cas comes forward off the porch.
"You're quiet," Cas says to him now, drawing Dean out of his thoughts. They pass the sign that notifies Mankato is only five miles away. "You don't need to be worried."
Clearing his throat, Dean tries to shut down the noise in his head alerting him he's a giant sap. "Yeah, you know. For our roadtrips. Or whatever." It's a pretty big concession, giving over control of the radio like that, considering his car's well-established cardinal rule and all. Sam would shit literal exclamation points if he ever found out.
Dean doesn't bother sparing him a second glance, or an answer. Instead he makes his way back over to where he came to at. Maybe there's something there that -- hell, he doesn't even know. Can get him to where he needs to be going? Take him somewhere that is not this alternate world where his brother lives in a friggin' two-story house in the suburbs?
Again, oh. But, hey, at least it's all out there in the open then.
"Think they'll be here?" he asks Cas as they head for a side entrance.
Cas does something close to smiling while he sets the food on the table. Not like he's amused at Dean for saying so, but like he finds the idea of it funny. Or nuts. "If it helps you to see it that way. I don't know who Suzie is, though, or why that would need to be my name."
Charlie spots him the second they make it past the first wave of door huddlers, honing in on him like a shark picking up the fresh scent of blood.
"Again. Who the hell is this? You're gonna tell me why you're calling as
"Hi. I'm Lisa."
"Absofrigginlutely."
"Aw, Jo. Just because I turned you down--"
"Nope," Sam argues quickly.
Cas also gets the newspaper from the front stoop every morning and only reads the wanted ads, there are house plants he mothers the same way people look after kids, and he's the world's biggest sucker for late night TV. Infomercials are a legitimate problem, all canned laughter and 1-800 numbers and lifetime guarantees.
"You son-of-a-bitch," Dean laughed, he was
"Same diff. Was he cute?"
, "we've got a weirdly temperamental AC unit, but mostly I blame that on this failure right here," she says, swatting at Sam with fondness, indicating he is the failure with a capital F.
Cas sticks the paper into his own pocket, then let’s himself be pulled into a much softer kiss, one that makes heat crawl inside of Dean until it reaches his chest; it settles in and claims the space as its own.
Dean scans the whole license real quick, logic telling him something else has got to be weird about it otherwise what would be the point of Cas keeping it secret, but the height, eye color, the shiny Texas state hologram, Castiel Winchester; all of it is absolutely normal.
As soon as Cas unlocks the door, Sam stumbles in. Right away he eyes the room suspiciously, like whatever reason there was for him being locked out, it's tangible and probably lying around somewhere.
"Cas!" His voice jumped up a pitch. "What the hell?"
The kiss is a long time coming, and far from perfect; they're both trying too hard at first, wanting it too much, on two totally different pages. It's aggressive, and not in the good way. Cas seems a couple counts behind, and Dean's got a lifetime of firsthand experience and, besides that, many'a motel porno skipping through his head. Eventually it settles into something slow and open-mouthed, with Cas tilting his head back against the freezer door, and Dean is full of enough alcohol that this definitely seems like a good idea. Probably his best idea ever.
I really hope you'll like it and I can't wait to know what you think about it ♥
Jo barked a laugh and filled him a mug of coffee.
Where the Library team discover the existence of Dean Winchester, and we discover the library team.
The lights were turned on inside the house but she had knock at the door and ring several times without receiving an answer. Through the window, the living room appeared empty, but she spotted Dean’s jacket on a chair and his car was parked in the driveway.
He should have done better. He thought the only one he hurted was himself but that was foolish. What a waste…
✉ 2018/06/01 at 12:33
A burning smell jolted him from his thoughts.
Cassie shrugged and looked back at his phone. After a long moment of silence, Balthazar turned his head again to insist and noticed an intermittent smile on his brother face, the kind that you’re trying really hard to repress but that keeps coming back. Oh god he was really into that fucking guy.
Dean is trying.
Suddenly nauseous again, he leaned back on the couch and Jo bat her hands as to close the discussion.
Castiel scooted over to get closer to him. Dean’s voice was getting lower as he tried to carry on, apparently unsettled by their proximity.
He came back with two plates and coffee, and sat back, catching Cas’ eyes.
He inhaled deeply and the words were out of his mouth before he realized, his voice sounding weirdly boastful.
Thank you for the kudos, and the comments, you have no idea how happy it made me  ♥
This. This kind of stuff. It made Dean feel so bad he wanted to crawl in a hole and die. And what for ? Because after weeks all over the map, he finally tries to reach out to Cas and Cas, of course, says “
Few seconds later, Balthazar appeared on the side of the house.
He would have never met the guy if he saw that frigging thing beforehand.
He didn’t need to look at Jo to know she was making a face.
“What do you mean ?” Dean looked down at his denim clad legs. That was the most appropriate piece of clothing into his entire duffel bag. Still crisp and pristine, barely a year old. “It’s a brand-new pair of jeans !”
“Of course. I hope he’d seen Star Wars though, because if he didn’t, I can’t help him.”
dhanscum@siouxfalls.org
Two wild animals, I swear.
Another silence descended on them, only broken by the shrieking of the kids and splashing noises. Eileen knew better than to ask Dean anything or even look at him right know, so she waited patiently, her hand softly brushing the grass beside the lounge chair.
Olivia waved her hand while walking to the door without looking at them. Dean was a nice guy, she knew it by now, but he could do that murderous look when he was pissed. Like he could snap and rip your head of your shoulders. It was terrifying. And she was pretty sure he was pissed right now.
. Everything about him seemed very conventional : his clothes, his humor, his job, his “
Maneuvering someone like Dean onto the couch wasn’t easy for a girl her size, but thankfully, emotional Dean was way more compliant than the usual one. She retrieved the takeout bag and fished out all the paper towels, just in case. Her friend seemed to have recovered a bit of lucidity but he was still holding to his phone like it was his only lifeline. Jo sat on the floor beside the coffee table and started to eat her fries. As happy as she was for the Winchesters, she was starving.
There will be a third (and final) part in this serie, so I have to keep writing...
Hey dude,
I came across your music and film librarian job opening at Sioux Falls Public Library on the website and I would like to apply for this position.
2 new chapters today, things are slowly starting to change for our guys (they need time, okay ?)
He chuckled lightly and took the two mugs to the sink, probably to hide the redness creeping on his face. Eileen stretched her legs and got up, giving him a pat on the back as she walked past him on her way to the girls.
I almost forgot to post today, rough week. Thank god I still have 30 minutes to midnight !
She raised an eyebrow and Dean rolled his eyes.
One of them was a guy who worn his everyday trench coat to a date and who was trying a bit too hard to win a losing battle. The second one was a guy who worn his dating trench coat while volunteering, who had an exhaustible patience and was a tiny bit sassy.
”. The guy jogged across the roadway to join them and smile politely.
Balthazar eyes widened and he had to bite his cheeks to refrain a maniacal laughter.
deanwin@gmail.com
Okay, her purpose was to help Dean getting laid and she should feel bad it didn’t happen but that was the funniest story ever. An insect kink, holy shit. She was laughing so hard her stomach hurt. Dean’s speechless face was EVERYTHING.
“Ok, beside Chuck who’s late and Castiel who’s on vacation, everyone’s here ? Let’s start. Who’s taking notes today ?” There was a long silence. Missouri crossed her legs, looking almost defiant. She already did it for the last two meetings, Jody couldn’t ask her again. She turned to Charlie and Donna with a bit of hope.
He just sat down, his paper plate on his lap and ate while nodding, kinda grateful that Cas was talkative enough for both of them. How awkward it would have been if they both dealt with anxiety by shutting down.
Jo quickly reached into her pockets to find some tissue while Dean gargled something unintelligible while gesturing to his phone in his right hand.
have had this second cup of coffee.
What ruined him the most wasn’t even that he was so low. He’d been low before, like really low. Lower than Sammy could probably imagine. No, what really bothered him was that he was unable to fake it in front of his family. Hadn’t he been the same miserable guy for years without Sam being worried ? Maybe it wasn’t that bad then ? He wasn’t sure anymore. He didn’t even remember what okay felt like.
Well... a lot of new things is going on in this fic : emails, texts...
She drove him to the AA morning meeting first thing in the morning, she didn’t know what else to do. Working at a bar where half the patrons had unhealthy drinking habits didn’t help. Her job was to sell alcohol, not to prevent people from drinking it. Why did Dean decided to sober up ? And what triggered his need to drink that night ? He didn’t tell her and she didn’t ask. But she promised herself she’ll be there for him from now on.
Why was I not aware of this ?
He checked everywhere : in the house, in the car, he even called the community center to make sure he hadn’t left it there. That was useless, he perfectly remembered taking off his coat and folding it on the railing at Dean’s house yesterday. And he was pretty sure he didn’t take it back when he left.
Please enjoy your two chapters ♥ and as I said, it's my first fic ever and my first time writing in english so please don't be shy to let me know if I've made any mistake or if you just wanna give me your opinion on the story or the writing ! You'll be very welcome.
She had to wait a whole week to have access to his phone again. Dean turned his back two seconds and she was already checking his matches on Tinder.
Castiel didn't really make a good first impression and Dean is feeling uncomfortable all over.
“The HR have literally no idea what we’re doing here, I’d rather be short a guy than working with one more moron.” Meg was obviously looking at Jack, who was so focused on his notepad that he didn’t realized what was happening.
jmills@siouxfalls.org
he shooked his arm and took a step back.
Castiel caught his reflection in the window behind her and he wondered if she was being polite. The bags under his eyes never seemed to go away and he had a tuft of hair sticking up at the back of his head. He didn’t bother shaving either, since nobody said anything about it the last time it happened.
He saw his own hand, as in slow motion, take the plate and the plastic fork.
To Castiel’s desperation, his date did not seem prone to listen to him. The man started to walk away, as fast as he could, throwing angry looks all around him.
The anxiety made her voice higher than usual. Please. Please. Please. If Dean were dead drunk somewhere on the floor, she would never get over it. Never. The kitchen was empty too, but a plaintive growl in the bathroom made her run.
said Castiel, gesturing at the two of them.
He tried to ignore Balthazar silently mouthing
Dean learns that Castiel patience is not infinite.
That was awesome.
If Dean didn’t feel like it, he wouldn’t come. That is all. And they could go back to the pictures thing until he feels ready.
Those days, he felt like shit. All the memories of their childhood were coming back to him. It was a though life, the two of them against the whole world; or at least it felt like it. As a kid and a teenager, he didn’t always realize what Dean’s been through while taking care of him. But know, as a dad, he knew.
It took almost thrice the time it would if he had cook alone, and the kitchen was a total mess. They were both kinda disgusting and Dean was fairly sure she mixed the dough with a spoon she licked before but it will definitely be the best pie ever.
He jolted, finding Allison beside him, trying to climb on a stool.
Dean stopped walking but he didn’t look in a better mood, nonetheless. He ran his hand on his face, looking for his words.
He muttered a gruff
Hey there !
History Department
And that schedule’s change ? His volunteering hours at the community center were Tuesday, 18 to 21 and Saturday 10 to 13, for ten fucking years. Balthazar was sure about it. He came at his brother’s house enough, always uninvited, to know very well when his brother was there, or not (depending on what he wanted to do there). And suddenly, just like that, Cassie switched Saturday mornings for Thursday evenings ? He even had the nerves, when Balthazar pointed that out, to answer that it was not that regular and that he already changed a few times before. That little bastard was so full of shit.
The mirror didn’t answer. If some people were attracted to forty years old drunkards spending their free time in a bar, some other people should be attracted to forty years old sober guys looking for one night stands on dating app. It takes all sorts to make a world, after all.
Castiel is determined (even without Balthazar's 'help') !
Dean put on his plaid shirt, took his keys and left the appartement before chickening out.
Eileen is a very wise lady and she's doing a lot of good to Dean
Sam ran his fingers in his hair again, must have been a nervous tick. She smiled fondly and tried to help him :
She put a bunch of tissues into his free hand. Dean seemed to still have a mostly functioning brain because he wiped his face and blew his nose before talking. It took him two tries to articulate something that made sense.
Castiel didn’t gave his number back, since Dean hadn’t asked. He had absolutely no good reason to do so, and when he realized it would have been a casual thing, as friends do all the time, he was already back home, in his couch, petting his cats.
The name felt wrong when he said it but he couldn’t remember correctly. It’s not like if he ever thought he would use it again. Probably-not-Cam didn’t answer and the shuffling in the trunk intensified.
He went for a short “
Castiel got up and returned to the kitchen, looking into the left opened cabinets until he found what he wanted. He took his sweet time to put the ginger cookies in a plate, wondering if he hadn’t been too straight forward. It was the first time they talked about this, after all. Dean knew him by now, he knew he was honest and outspoken. And he was the one who offered to come, and who addressed the subject. He had probably needed company, and to get it off his chest.
Out of nowhere, a hand showed up front of his face, holding a glass of lemonade. He blinked, surprised that Dean interrupted his reparations just to bring him something to drink. When he shook himself and lifted a hand to grab it, Dean was frowning, and he wiped his hand on his jeans the second it was free, while muttering :
That was stupid.
Two new chapters today, I had a lot of fun writing them, I hope you'll enjoy ! As usual, I be very glad to hear what you think about it.
Hello there !
Dear Sir/Madam,
“I never said that was ideal but it had already happened, so maybe we could focus on the bright side, which is the position is no longer vacant and…”
Donna, chewing on a donut, mumbled something inaudible. Everyone looked at her expectantly and she swallowed before trying again “Chuck’s late. He sent me a text, he’s stuck in traffic”.
She ignored the scandalized gasp that escaped Dean’s mouth, behind her. Castiel was frowning and casted a suspicious look at both of them.
It’s only when he reaches for the doorknob that he remembers. He shakes his head at his own carelessness and walks back into the kitchen, taking his ring off. He takes one last look at the familiar words and places it on the shelf next to the keys before he turns again and leaves the bunker.
“A minute, Sammy,” he yells, and thinks about last night’s dinner made by the man haunting his dreams. Honestly, keeping track of Cas’ ever-changing interests and hobbies has been…challenging to say the least, but Dean has to admit, cooking definitely turned out to be one of his stronger suits.
Cas’ eyes soften and he smiles, “Dean…“
“Please. Stay,” he repeats and Cas’ lips part slightly as he tilts his head a little and his shoulders relax.
Suddenly, Cas was getting angry too, he straightens his back and takes a step towards Dean, glaring at him with ice blue eyes.
earth?”
“Cas?” Sam asks suddenly, breaking the silence, and Dean wonders if Sam can feel it too, the tension in the air. “What happened, buddy? Where’re you going?”
o o o
Now it’s him who has to avert his eyes, because he can’t bear to look at Dean any longer, he can’t take the sun, because he doesn’t deserve it, and because it burns too bright, shining light onto his rotten flecks of betrayal and failure.
“Good thinking, buddy! Lemme know if you find anything useful!”
Cas takes it off again in the evening, when he rifles through the archives, trying to find this one specific book about demon hybrid exorcism.
“Will do,” Cas says and gives him a thumbs-up before he picks up the book and leaves the archive.
“Because I am not in love with them!”
Tears trickle down onto Cas’ lips and he can taste the salt, but he just smiles harder.
“Cas!” Dean shouts and throws the blanket off himself, getting out of bed, “Cas, get your ass over here, right now!”
“Hey Dean, dinner’s ready, come on!” Sam calls up from the kitchen and Dean rolls over onto his stomach, burying his face in his pillow.
That’s what they told him then, and to date, it is probably the only task he hasn’t failed at.
Dean can feel his dinner do a somersault in his stomach and feels like he’s going to be sick when he realises that it’s a message from Cas, but he takes a deep breath and sinks down onto his bed, unlocking his phone.
He mentally scolds himself for being such a wimp and reaches for his phone. Better to get it over with as quick as possible.
Her sentence is also cut short, when suddenly an iron blade pierces her chest, launched at her with immense speed, and Cas starts running around the room, moving with a speed and an intensity Dean has only seem him use once before.
“Oh, so you’re telling me that it is okay for
He smiles to himself and feels his eyes getting suspiciously wet again. Feelings really can be a real burden sometimes. (He wouldn’t go back for anything.)
Cas heard him anyway,
“Dean!”
parading your weakness around like that?”
His voice sounds rough and scratchy, like it hasn’t been used in a while, but his eyes are determined and panicked as they search Sam’s for any indication that something’s not right.
“Where’s Cas?”
He scratches his head, thinks, types, deletes, and types again. He sends:
“You’re…
After some internal dialogue and heavy contemplating, he decides to take it off.
Dean tears his arm out of Cas’ grip and refuses to sit back down. He glares at Cas, and when clenching his fist sends a bolt of pain through his arm, he grinds his teeth instead.
And they definitely don’t waste their time wishing each other good nights and good mornings and whatnot.
He means it, but his voice wavers and his eyes dampen and he finds himself betrayed again by this body, because it’s not his to own, because it detects his fear and his longing. Where is he supposed to move on to? Where is he supposed to go if not here?
“Keep Dean Winchester safe.”
meticulous about meeting times and
Too taken aback to react, Dean just stands there like a pillar of salt, and he feels like flying, and he feels like drowning, but his body doesn’t move an inch and he feels like dying.
For the last few hours, Dean’s been anxiously waiting for Cas’ arrival, constantly shooting nervous glances at the clock trying to figure out what ‘evening’ meant for Cas, pacing the room until Sam yelled at him to sit the fuck down. And then it just happened.
The pain is now considerably less than the first time he woke up, and now that he knows Cas and Sam and Bobby are safe, there’s nothing left to channel his energy into other than the burning hot anger in his stomach.
Dean can practically hear Sam’s jaw drop, and to be fair his own would have probably dropped too, if it weren’t for the fact that his face was literally being held together by the, softer than excepted, hands of Cas, who’s currently kissing him.
He tries to sear the exact feel of Cas’ lips on his into his brain.
It’s been two days since Dean’s last text and he’s just about to go to bed when all of sudden his phone beeps. Without even looking Dean knows it’s from Cas.
Cas merely tilts his head further, his brows creased and lips pursed, an image of confusion, so Dean decides to put him out of his misery.
He knows, that he’s not infallible, he knows, that he can make mistakes, he knows that now, and perhaps he never was (infallible, untouchable, impeccable) but the difference is that he didn’t use to know.
, fighting a war for all of them, a war that’s probably more important than everything that ever happened and Dean knows, he knows that Cas is an angel and that there’s nothing he can do to help, but he finds himself worrying anyway.
“What broke the connection?” Dean asks and looks at him, green eyes framed by freckles, and he doesn’t want to believe that this is love. Because it hurts and it tears and he doesn’t want to love Dean Winchester, because if he loves him he’s gonna fail him and all he ever had to do was keep him safe.
“Cas, don’t–“ Dean rasps, but doesn’t get very far when suddenly a flame licks at his stomach and scorches the already charred skin there.
“I’m sorry…” he says finally, “I’m sorry, Dean, I believe I failed you again.”
Before he can say anything (though he’s not sure he would have managed to say anything anyway) Cas clears his throat and takes multiple steps back, putting distance between them that hasn’t been there for a while.
“What the
By now, Cas looks so confused and unsure of himself that Dean mentally slaps himself across the face. He takes a deep breath and closes the distance between them. “Shit, do I ever,” he mumbles before he leans down and places his lips on Cas’ for the second time that day.
Yet, reading Cas’ good night message makes a weird feeling grow in his stomach, that makes Dean feel like a little boy with his first crush. It’s ridiculous and pathetic and he should just ignore everything that happened today.
“I do, actually. And I would gladly decide to do so, over and over again, if only it meant your life was being spared.” Cas’ voice is calm and collected but his whole body is shaking, vibrating with barely concealed rage and Dean’s mind flashes back to the moment he saw Cas mercilessly and effortlessly killing the witches one by one.
day and watching you grow into who you are now has been everything to me and I’m so damn lucky that you choose to spend your time with me.”
“I couldn’t. But even if I had, somehow, misjudged the situation, it was the only logical choice in this scenario. You have to realise that, Dean.”
There’s a pause, but Dean doesn’t reply, so Cas goes on.
“You can’t stay,” Dean tells him, and he finds the sudden pain in his chest regrettable. Would the words have hurt the same at the start of it all? Unlikely.
After the original excitement passes and the adrenaline fades, Dean’s left with a massive amount of nerves, because, as he realises belatedly, seeing Cas again also means confronting whatever the hell it is they’ve been doing for the past few days. It means confronting his text, the one that started it all, and it means confronting his own feelings, and Dean’s sure not he’s ready for that quite yet.
“Dean!” he exclaims, and then, softer, “You’re okay. How’re you feeling?”
Dean has to go and fall in love with a supernatural being, what else was it ever going to be for him? At the very least it’s not a demon, so that’s something, he supposes.
to be able to play it off as a joke and make all of this not real, so he can make the pain not real if he has to.
There’s a knife pointed at him, and he knows that he’s in danger, that he should be scared and fighting for his life, but he looks up and it’s Dean who’s holding the knife, perched over his body with a manic expression in his eyes.
Dean stops and closes his mouth, pressing his lips into a thin line as he clenches his fist anyway.
Cas doesn’t reply, and Dean worries for hours on end until he finally sinks into an uneasy sleep.
Dean glances at the time, curses, and quickly types out a reply before he gets dressed in a rush and hurries outside where Bobby and Sam are already waiting for him.
Dean holds his breath, eyes frantically searching for Cas who stops dead in his tracks, bloody knife raised above his head, and he hates himself for being weak.
The heavy iron door to the hidden bunker breaks open with a flash of light and a bang as loud as thunder and the twenty something witches in the room all swivel around at once, immediately on high alert.
“You changed me,” he says, and means it, because he’s no longer who he started out as, and yet he still feels incomplete, like he’s not where he wants to be. He still makes mistakes, he’s still plagued by doubts and loneliness and all he wants is some more time to figure it all out, to get used to it, but he fears that his wish may not be granted.
“Sammy…” he wheezes, shifting slightly, and Sam immediately jumps up, blinking fast. He’s at his side in less than a second.
“…What…?” he whispers to himself and grips the phone tight, trying to make sense of it. Why would Cas even respond to that? And why would he respond like…like
He reads, and re-reads, and reads again, but the words don’t change and the message stays the same. This doesn’t make sense. They don’t usually text much, mostly because Cas never really got the hang of it, but also because…well, to be honest Dean isn’t sure why. They just don’t.
“He’s okay. I sent him on an errand with Bobby, he’s been here the last few days… figured he should take a break,” Sam replies, suddenly a knowing look in his eyes. “I offered to take over for a while.”
By now, more people have gathered around them, couples holding hands and elderly people with teary eyes and soft smiles, and Cas just stands there, right in the middle of it all, as straight as a pole and as quiet as a mouse.
be safer.
Cas feels like the luckiest being alive, because he got proposed to by Dean Winchester, not only once but
Briefly, he thinks about replying with a selfie of his own, but he quickly dismisses that idea and starts typing instead. He wants to be able to back out, he
“Dean!” Suddenly the door to his room flies open and Dean drops his phone in surprise. Sam shoots him an angry look and huffs, “Dinner. Now.”
He never saw it coming, either. Sure, they’d been together for a while now, they live together and work together and Cas didn’t ever want to spend another day away from Dean, but he didn’t think of Dean as the marrying type, and after all, how would they even get married anyway? From what Cas gathered, it seems like there were a lot of legal documents and all kinds of certificates involved, if one wanted to get married; those are all things he, as a seraph and former angel of the Lord, does not possess. (And besides, he’s not even sure if Dean himself qualifies for a normal marriage with his many aliases and fake ID’s).
“Shit,” Dean mutters and runs a hand through his bed hair, “
They can win this. Cas almost got them all and it’s not like Dean’s never been in a situation like this before, he’ll survive this, he’s sure of it. As long as Cas doesn’t give them what they want, as long as he doesn’t surrender, they will be fine.
He’s not of use here, perhaps he has been once, or maybe that was just his twisted sense of justice and righteousness, but now he’s broken and wrong and so very lost.
His mind gives him an almost cinematic replay of the moment Cas willingly decided to drop his blade in surrender, basically handing himself to them on a silver platter.
“Where’s Cas?” he yells and Sam looks up from his bowl of cereal, confused.
Cas swallows against Dean’s throat and pulls away a bit, until he can look into his eyes. “I lo–“
Dean clears his throat and continues, a smirk pulling at his lips, “But you can also be a real pain in the ass sometimes.” Some people shake their heads at that but Cas only has eyes for Dean.
“Dean…” Cas says slowly, like he’s trying to make him understand something obvious, “I didn’t die. I was never even close to death at any point–”
And one in particular – that evening when they had the weekend off and Dean made dinner and lit candles and put a movie on and stroked his hair and asked him to marry him.
It takes him a full ten minutes, just gazing at it, with a giddy grin that seems to be plastered onto his face nowadays, until he sighs and gets to work. There are a lot of dishes that need washing after all, and the sooner he gets this done, the sooner he can put the ring back on.
to. He enjoys spending nights entangled with Dean, enjoys waking up and seeing Dean’s sleepy face first thing in the morning, enjoys being as human as he can for as long as he can; even if that includes wasting several hours each day doing nothing of use.
The ridicule rings in his ears and he looks around, ashamed, afraid, exposed. It’s not Dean who’s saying it, not really, but there must be some truth behind it, at the very least because it’s his own truth.
“That’s–that’s not–what–“ Dean growls and cards his hand through his sweaty strands of hair, clearly frustrated. “What the
After several minutes of just staring at the the kissing emoji, like he can intimidate it into giving him a proper reply, Dean scoffs and puts his phone away.
“Stay.”
o o o
Suddenly, Dean gets down on one knee, right in the middle of the fruit aisle and Cas inhales sharply as a few people slow down to get a better look at what’s happening.
After a few attempts, Dean finally manages to crack his eyes open, heart beating erratically in his throat, and he half-expects to still be in the witches lair, Cas tied up and broken next to him.
“I had no choice,” he tries to explain, tries to reason and fix it all, but he feels the lie on his tongue.
beats.
He inspects the photo a bit closer and notices the dark shadows under Cas’ eyes and the weariness behind them, and his smile drops a little. Right now, Cas is
(“Keep Dean Winchester safe.”
“I tried my best to heal your wounds, but for some reason,” he licks his lips and draws his brows closer together in irritation, “for some reason, my grace didn’t work and I was left watching your body heal itself in your own time.”
happened back there, Cas?”
Silence falls in the room and stretches between them, until only Dean’s heavy breathing cuts through it and Cas’ mouth snaps shut, opens, and closes again, without any words coming out. He furrows his brows, trying to make sense of what’s happening, trying to make sense of Dean’s sudden anger.
Cas didn’t send anything besides the selfie, so Dean furrows his brows, worrying his bottom lip between his teeth. He tries to think of an answer, but it’s hard and it’s terrifying, because he’s still so scared of misinterpretation, and still so scared of rejection.
Right, yes, this
Now, there’s nothing, like Cas has left the building, shut his doors and put up walls all around, and it feels wrong.
, Dean thinks,
Dean’s eyes flicker towards the witch to the far left who’s reaching for something inside her coat. “How did you–“
, mind you but still –
“You’re so predictable, angel,” the witch closest to Cas mocks, “have you considered
Dean texts back before he can even think about it. He’s still half-asleep, incredibly impatient and drunk on love and, for once, he doesn’t overthink it.
Dean shifts his weight onto his other leg and Cas follows the movement with his eyes.
∆ — ∆
At least, for every other failure, he gets to keep this one promise. Keep Dean Winchester safe.
“I need you,” is everything it takes for him to regain control of his body, and when he comes to, he sees Dean, kneeling in front of him, and he drops the knife (immediately, without hesitation) because he would do anything to protect Dean Winchester, and he’s quite sure it’s got nothing to do with his original task anymore.
He opens his mouth again, to say that, and Cas drops his blade. And raises his hands in silent surrender.
person you know on this
“Dean?” he asks and tilts his head. “What are you doing here?”
They keep staring at each other after that, and you could probably hear a needle drop, when Cas suddenly walks towards Dean. And he can’t even take a full breath before he feels cold lips on his, gently pressing against them.
it doesn’t.”)
It’s a weird and inappropriate rush of adrenaline, seeing it so open, so vulnerable, right below Cas’ name, right there in their familiar chat, and he wonders how Cas would look like opening the message, on a phone Dean gave him, typing a reply, with a skillset Dean taught him, and his heart starts beating faster.
Cas stops talking and looks at Dean, really looks at him, for the first time since last night, and Dean feels a surge of confidence run through him.
“Yah, dude, I’m not talking about the fact that I don’t feel brand-new and energised after being tortured for a week, I’m talking about the fact that you mindlessly rushed to offer up your own life as if–!”
It stops for more than an eternity when a strong hand grips Dean’s head and the tip of a knife is pressed to his neck, his weakened and broken body screaming at the rough motion.
He ignores the fact that, unlike Cas apparently, he doesn’t know what time of the day it is for Cas right now. Because it’s weird to think about a place with no time, and because it makes him feel distant.
There’s silence as Cas’ question bounces off the walls and tumbles to the floor at Dean’s feet, a big messy pile of doubts and hopes and Dean can almost taste the fear lingering behind the words.
“I assume I might have overstayed my welcome here. It’s time for me to–“
you, but he says, “I don’t know,” because he doesn’t want to be a burden and because he doesn’t want to hurt him, and maybe he doesn’t even know what love really is, because he’s not human and this body isn’t his and it wasn’t ever supposed to be.
“How could you
(Before Dean goes to bed that night, he adds the cowboy emoji next to Cas’ name. His phone beeps. A new text from Cas 🤠.
So, yeah, it's guilt that has Dean glancing that way every so often, okay. He feels like a dick. Hell, he is a dick.)
"Tell him to fuck off," Dean offers pleasantly, only sort of meaning it.
That is a gentle admission. Like Sam already knows Dean's going to take the news badly. And of course he is, because what the hell?
Okay, it's a little disconcerting, but only in the way a sudden toothache stops tormenting you after a week of poking at it. What the hell's the sudden painlessness supposed to mean?
So, of course Dean starts beaming at Naomi, unwilling -- unable -- to control the pride and the pleasure chasing through him.
"You can."
“Dude,” Dean says, spelling it out for him, past the point of tact. “Last night? Me and him? We had sex. Awesome, mind-blowing, lost-feeling-in-my-legs-for-ten-whole-minutes, two
is pretty much priority number one--"
"Don't patronize me," he whines, and Jo responds by ruffling his hair. "He made me wear the apron. The apron, Jo."
"Thorny. I remember."
"Yeah, lemme guess. You got a thing for nerdy dudes in trenchcoats."
Fed up, Lisa grabs her purse and her jacket.
Cas holds his umbrella-adorned drink out to him.
"Sam, just calm down a damn second--"
He's heard Dean throw a word around as a response before, so he uses it now. "Peachy."
Cas swallowed hard while he ducked his head, then he seemed to draw himself tall again. "There was a time I had only the hallucinations of my brother to keep me company. And the demon Meg. I found one preferable to the other."
Dean's in a restless mood, spilling tense energy all over the place. Mostly because the closer it gets to the end of summer, the deeper him and Cas get into whatever's going on between them, and that makes it harder for him to want to let it go. Which, of course, only makes him want to drop and run.
It's that last thought that has him reaching for Cas before he even knows he's doing it, but it's like the second he moves, they're in this shit together. They meet in the middle of the bed, chest to chest, and Cas wasn't lying, he's still impressively hard. Dean's only got a semi going on right now, but even that's messing with his brain so there's this constant mental shout of "WHAT ARE YOU DOING, DUMBASS!" happening.
"Yeah. Sure, Cas. Me too," he tells him. He says it like he means it, so Cas relaxes, letting himself smile. Dean matches it and grows more enthusiastic. "Hey, tell you what. What do you say we head over to this place I've been staying, order us some takeout?" He looks back at the road briefly, switching lanes to get them in the appropriate direction. "I'll find us a movie, grab some beer. We'll do our own thing. Screw crappy dates."
?" Dean demands, and the only way he can even get that out, can admit that much, is by dredging up a shitload of anger.
Cas doesn't let him feel that way long. Dean's still got his hand wrapped around the guy, sweaty and a little cramped, and sticky with come, when he finds himself hauled forward. Cas grabs Dean by the backs of his elbows and tugs. Then Cas grabs Dean somewhere much nicer and, swear to god, Dean's brain shorts out for more than a few seconds.
? Subtle, Cas."
"So we won't."
'Inadvertently appeared to be an ambush'--okie-doke, Professor Fancypants, who even talks like that? Who uses air quotes? It's this side of endearing.
"Most of you dicks do," Dean agrees.
By the time Dean emerges from his room some five hours of restless sleep later, Sam's in the kitchen washing dishes, whistling away like a Disney princess summoning cartoon birds.
"I barely cared," he agrees, and they both know by the warble that's a damn lie. All of a sudden, he can't hold it in anymore. He blurts, breathless, "Did you mean it, Cas?"
"Right. First time I met you, what happened?"
"Yay," he pushes out weakly.
“Absolu—” He smacks into the doorframe. The cabinet beside it jostles. Something inside falls over. That’s cool. “I’m awesome.”
Cas pulls back the blanket and holds it out like he expects Dean to crawl in there with him.
There are a couple of regulars at the counter, and Dean and Cas find themselves two empty stools among them to sit. Dean gives the old guy to his left a nod while Cas settles in on the other side.
With a slap to Cas’s back, Dean pulls off, but his hand stays clasped high on his shoulder, keeping him close.
That sets off Castiel's frown.
"Because I was right!"
"I see." There's something scary about the toneless way Cas says that. Probably because it's followed with a stare so stone cold, Dean's second guessing himself.
Dean turns down the radio, and Sam sighs with his entire body because he must know there's no way Dean's not going to make a big deal out of this.
And Lisa. But Sam must be clinging to some shred of common sense, because he's smart enough to not mention her.
Dean says, "I wanted to let you know—” Cas's head whips back up the second Dean started talking, maybe because, somehow, he already recognizes the familiarity of it. Dean meets his gaze and something squeezes inside him, something that's been missing too damn long. "I've been noticing you all night. For a while now, honestly, and. I wanted you to have that."
"About time," he drawls sarcastically, glowering to let Dean know he's not impressed with the wait.
"Hello, Dean," he announces, loud.
"Yeah, an emoticon, like a murderer. Oh--" She notices for the first time that Dean's not alone, and even though it was just the one night they met, she hauls Cas in for an overly friendly hug. "You brought Cas. I love Cas!"
Cas's attention drifts to outside his window. "You seemed comfortable when the idea was you and Sam."
When Cas makes him meet his eyes, his thoughts take a firmer shape. Maybe Cas liking women means the playing field is that much bigger. More opportunity for Cas to get a crush, to like someone else. To move on before Dean's sorted his feelings out. There's a thought for his diary.
There are ten more seconds of silence, then a sigh. Without further instruction, the front door opens and closes.
The motel room door swings shut behind him and Cas is, again, left alone. He eyes the pizza. Both of the bottles of beer on the night stand that Dean's already opened, one that he drank from. The bed, too, where there's still a slight dent from Dean's weight.
. Maybe it's a little careless, but it doesn't warrant another dose of shame-eyes from his brother, which is what he gets.
Cas' gaze is steady on his, and Dean feels it like the sharp edge of a weapon at his throat. "I'm afraid so," he affirms. Dean nods vacantly, and the laugh that rings out of him is small and hollow.
There's probably a metaphor in there somewhere.
"What does that have to do with anything?"
“Been sayin' a lot of things…”
"That's one word for it. So. 'Very attractive,'" Dean throws at Cas, giving up spying on Charlie. Cas, at Dean's rough-voiced imitation, turns his way with that deep concentration. "You think she's pretty?"
Cas presses against Dean. "Be quiet," he tells him, still staring at the towel, his fingers curling at the edges of its fabric.
Sam scoffs, saying, "But it's so boring here! I'm leaving as soon as I get into Stanford. That's where I'm going, I already know," he gloats.
Cas reaches down and grabs Dean's hand. Which isn't new. There was a phase after Cas' dad left where Dean was pretty much a physical anchor for Cas to keep hold of when he needed it, expert on 'deadbeat dads' that he is.
Turned down to its lowest setting, music spills out of the radio speakers, just enough to add some white noise alongside the dull hum of the Impala's engine. Something plays with a melancholic riff.
Dean perks. His attention getting snatched does the same for Cas, and pretty soon they're sharing the same space on the couch so they can both listen in.
"Can it," Dean mutters, but he's smiling too. That was such a shitty light show, jesus christ.
He's shocked to see it's been a week since everything went down. Once again he wonders what he's missed. He thinks of Dean, and then he purposefully thinks of other things to distract himself from the one thought that so constantly seems to persist, like how he needs a mode of transportation. Money.
Sam swings by one afternoon with a tool box.
He was warm and comfortable and his morning wood was nudged awesomely against a soft, pliant pillow.
“No time, Sammy,” Dean tells him, tugging Cas out the kitchen and down the hall. He yells obnoxiously, “Gonna go
Good god, there's a DJ.
"You guys were hiring."
Whatever he should have said, that wasn't it. Dean was expecting Cas to get furious, but instead he just looked like he'd been punched. Worse, like Dean was the one who did the punching, like the blow couldn't haven't been more personal.
"I don't want to fight with you," he says, and it makes Dean feel two inches tall for whatever reason. Call it a guilt complex.
Nope. Totally normal stuff happening.
another possible outcome to this."
Lisa doesn't let him go very far.
Finally Dean sighs. He grabs a nearby box and joins it with the others, helping Cas out, his own white flag.
He lingers long enough to pass something between them, this unspoken apology, but then he's gone out the door. The jingle of the bell as he goes makes Dean want to throw the left behind cup of hot chocolate at it.
"Cas," he calls once he's back where they started, left shoulder still stinging.
Good god, his life.
Cas knows damn well Sam's out with Jess.
Art narrows his eyes at the ring around Dean's finger, then the one Cas's got on his own hand wrapped around his tea.
"Fuck," he groaned, doing just that, fucking down into the loose fist Cas knew how to make, his fingers sweaty and slick which made the glide goddamn heaven.
Dean's unwound himself from around Cas, obviously, he doesn't have a deathwish, but they each still keep a grip on the other's sleeve, standing side-by-side as a cautiously united front.
"Who friendzoned you?" asks Castiel, speaking up from behind. Dean tenses at the sudden inclusion, but Charlie, who's evil, is fueled on by her audience doubling in size.
Dean glares hard enough to threaten bodily harm. "No."
Dean removes his hand and lays back down on the floor, because now he actually is going to wallow.
Cas does, to the gratitude of his stomach. The last time he ate was during his lunch break, hours before Dean showed up, but only because Nora had given him her sandwich. It was piled with various condiments and meats and he ate it in minutes. He understands now that she was 'buttering him up' for the babysitting job.
"You know, usually when someone gets this close it's because I'm at Comic-Con and personal bubbles are an imaginary thing. Like deodorant. You good?"
Sam hands her a glass of water before joining Dean on the sofa.
Hank looks violated. "Man, no. Not cool."
"I don't want us to be."
Cas has gone Mr. Suave on him, shrugging like this is general knowledge and barely worth being shared. Which, point, but still. There's definitely a difference between being solely into guys and being bisexual, or what the fuck ever Cas identifies as. For some reason, his brain takes 'Cas' as he is known and recognized, plucks him from the compartment he's been housed in this whole time, and dumps him somewhere else, into the wild unknowns.
," he started out testily, "is an abomination. Why would I ever want to kiss it?"
Fast, though, the mood turned. Just like that. Cas was staring down at Dean fondly, but also? Pretty damn hungrily, his chest starting to heave as his breathing got more and more shallow.
He hears Naomi say, "This is how it has to be, Castiel," and worse than the flare of pain it causes is how Cas doesn't even argue.
scenario?”
“Hey, Cas, what’re you doin’ in here?”
His voice is barely above a whisper at the end, because, maybe, if he doesn’t say it, it’s not real. Maybe, if he closes his eyes and goes back to sleep, last night never happened, and Cas would still be here and he wouldn’t be so angry this time and maybe none of this would ever have happened.
, Dean huffs,
And he’s family.
∆ — ∆
Without warning, Cas appeared right there and then, in the middle of the room, all mysterious and majestic and so not-human, and the first thing he does is look at Dean.
“Either you drop that fucking blade of yours and scuttle right back to heaven where you belong or this pretty boy here pays the price.”
stuff, like laundry and groceries and refuelling ‘baby’ as Dean likes to call her. Cas offers to go shopping (he loves the selection!) and lets Sam and Dean take care of the more important things.
“Oh, you
Eventually, he has to face facts and accept reality, but when goes to pick up his phone and turns it over, he finds the screen black. He pushes a few buttons and curses quietly under his breath as he realises that the battery must have died. Why can he
Dean’s been his anchor, his lifeline, in a sea of questions and doubts, and now he’s gone and broken that too. Like a child in a glass museum, he destroys everything he touches, and some things just can’t be mended and this, this moment right here, might be one of them. It’s too late now and he wants to go back to the way things used to be, but he’s too far gone by now and nobody will ever have use for a thing that’s neither here nor there.
“I’m here, Dean,” is everything Cas says before he steps forward out of the shadows and into the dim light of the room, a look of fury and rage on his face that reminds Dean of the thunderstorms he used to chase as a kid.
Dean chokes on his own spit and he can hear Sam snorting with laughter behind them. He turns around and glares at him until Sam excuses himself and walks upstairs, still giggling.
He dies for Dean Winchester and tries anyway, and he wonders whether this is love, or something more, something greater, and he wishes, not for the first time, that he’d had somebody to talk to, somebody who’d understand, but there’s no one and he’s all alone in a place where he doesn’t belong and a body where no one will ever understand.
He shakes his head abruptly and snaps out of it. This was all in the past. Now Cas is back in heaven, back to being an angel, and even though god knows what time it is where Cas is right now (or if time even exists there), Dean can’t stop himself from texting back.
It takes less than a second for Cas to appear by his side, touching his elbow to steady him the moment Dean stumbles, threatening to fall.
Maybe the problem was never actually his skill, and maybe he really was impeccable by design, but there was something else going on, something deep inside of him, lingering and festering like an infection, waiting, and it’s only when he met Dean Winchester (the catalyst) that it broke through, eroding his system and slowly corrupting his beliefs, tainting them with unsafe emotions and ambiguous feelings and selfish wants.
o o o
by humans, with a voice that shatters windows and eardrums, with so much power flowing through his veins even demons fear him, an ancient being that’s too powerful to even comprehend – a soldier of god.
“Dean…” Cas says and tries to guide Dean back into bed, “You’re awake.” His voice sounds relieved, and exhausted.
Of course, he could never send it, that would ruin everything. They’d probably lose Cas for good, or at the very least make things unbearably awkward between the two of them. And then Sam would notice and he’d have to tell him, all of it, and between this and suffering in peace and quiet, Dean’s got an easy choice.
Dean’s eyes frantically search for Cas’, trying to tell him
It’s his eyes, however, that make Dean swallow hard and take a step back himself–because they’re empty. Cas’ face is completely blank, wiped of all and any emotion, and Dean didn’t think it would hurt so much, but it does, and he realises suddenly that all he ever did while talking to Cas was observe the endless flurry of feelings and emotions, some old and familiar, some new and exciting, flit across his features, laid open and bare for all to see, like those of a child.
“Cas, they…” Dean starts, his voice merely a whisper, “they…”
But he’d hoped, he’d wished and pleaded, that, at the very least, they didn’t know that, but it’s all out in the open now, for all to see and hear and ponder, and he’s oh so afraid of being cast out, of being left behind, and now that he feels, now that he wants, he feels like he doesn’t want to be a burden to Dean, he doesn’t want to be the debt that can’t ever be repaid.
“Cas…”
“Dean,” Sam asks and gets up, worried now. “What happened? Where’s Cas?”
After they both leave, Cas makes a list of all the things he needs to buy. He counts the money Dean left him and tries to remember the price of oranges. After a while, and some very rough math, he pockets the list and takes off.
His place in heaven has been lost a long time ago, and maybe he never really had it in the first place because there was something wrong with him from the start, and now he’s stranded, with no place on earth, and he finds it deeply distressing that he feels more at home now in a body that isn’t his than anywhere else.
In the morning, they have a lot of errands to run. Nothing demon-y or dangerous, just normal
Sitting with his legs sprawled and Cas wedged there in between them, Dean is nearly at eye level with Cas' junk. Dean knows his own boner is tenting the towel in an obscene way, but there's something about the obvious outline of Cas' hard-on that turns Dean into an active, if not more dominant, participant. Riding an impulse, Dean leans forward and sucks at Cas through his pants.
It'd been three days. Three days since the makeout that wasn't, and Dean and Cas weren't falling into place like normal. Instead Cas kept his distance, and when they spoke he never said more than he had to, and it wasn't like Dean was keeping a diary or anything, but they weren't even hanging out casually anymore.
But Cas doesn't. Dean knows this because he's tried before to get Cas laid, only it's never worked out. One time, with fake IDs, they went to this shady, rundown brothel. Cas had gotten as far as first base before the
"Cas, hey," Dean says, rolling Cas over. He's barely conscious, and Dean is thinking of making some
"You didn't say anything."
"And?" he prompts.
"It's not like it's a ladykiller, though. Not like kindergarten teacher," he accused.
Gabriel gives him another look, longer this time, but just as mirthful. "Alright. That'll be $3.24. You got a name?"
"Dean?"
Cas swallows, and Dean watches that bob of his throat, mimicking it unconsciously. It makes Castiel's eyes go narrow, like he's trying to figure out what the game is. Dean's staring at his mouth, so, you know, not real subtle here, and Cas, world's least sexually aware ex-angel, finally catches on.
"Hey, will you go get the rat outta my car?
The movie starts up and Dean drops back onto the couch, Sam watching him.
For payback, and because he's pretty much a spiteful twelve-year-old, in lieu of the real thing Dean prints out a picture of some mistletoe and discreetly tapes it over the kitchen's entranceway while Sam and Jess are caught up talking about some class they share together, their backs to him.
Cas huffed.
Charlie sighs out her appreciation. "I'm gonna do her so hard."
So Cas, armed with this visual, sets to will his erection away while Dean lies next to him and reminds himself he's been here before with an awkwardly prepubescent Sam, and if he could survive that kid's marathon masturbation phase, hell, he can get through this too. It's just nature. And science, probably.
"He's Cas."
"Friggin' thrilled. You dead and Cas muting my prayers. Good times!"
"I wasn't friendzoned," Dean reminds them both. He sounds totally convincing.
' tour. The only thing his bookshelves are full of is DVDs and he doesn't feel judged. That's awesome.
. The makeups and breakups, the moon-eyes, the—the 'profound bond,'” he imitates gruffly, and Dean pulls his hand out of Cas's, not liking the turn this has taken.
And then a loud thud startles Dean awake.
"Sleep it off, genius."
"And you're sitting here with... wait, let me guess. Longterm girlfriend you've been in a freakishly long and content monogamous relationship with? God. It's always that, isn't it? Or creeps."
Cas eyes the small ripples that movement makes. "Yes."
Cas, at least, can always claim fever-brain, but the only excuse Dean has is 'was horny.'
Cas can make out the restaurant names from where he's still standing. At the sight of the pizza one, his stomach clenches hungrily, painfully. He can't remember the last time he had a full meal, which reminds him of something else. "Dean, I can't..."
It's Dean's music. All of it. He gave the bastard total control, and Cas still picked
"Don't go," Cas says, same as before. He's poking his head out of the nest of covers he's burrowed himself in.
And because it's shaping up to be a great goddamn morning so far, he sends Castiel the screenshot of Sam's drunken texts. Why the hell not? It makes him laugh rereading it. He's going to print it out and have it framed for the refrigerator, for real.
"I wasn't flirting!"
Sam's eyes on are on his again, sudden and sharp. "That whole... holy water/demon check? Dean, we don't do that anymore. For, like, years."
Dean's up and on his feet, turning from Sam. He swipes a hand across his jaw. "No."
They fall asleep like that.
"Then why are you--"
At first he's barely adding any pressure; it's only a dry, open-mouthed exploration that's about as sexy as making out with a stiff pair of pants, save for the totally pornographic noises Cas is making in encouragement. His fingers dig into Dean's shoulders, his hips bucking slightly forward to increase the contact.
"Oh, I meant Tolk," Dean snarks, staring down at the little fluff ball with a 'back me up here' glance that she in no way reciprocates.
Cas' fingers find then clench at the back of Dean's shirt sleeves, pulling the fabric tight. Dean wraps his own fingers, one hand's worth anyway, up the back of Cas' neck, angling him even more, and Cas makes a low, encouraging noise into it.
Cas rolls to his side and looks at Dean. Even from just his peripheral, he can see how hurt Cas is.
Dean, like a good little boy scout, squats back down and plants the first one in a mound of dirt before lighting it. He backs off just as it starts to scream and send a spray of projectile colored-fire through the air.
Please. Like Dean's the moody one.
"Now you're just being an ass," Cas mutters.
Dean forces himself to swallow. Which is good, because at the tip of his tongue was something like, 'hey, baby, wanna put our dicks together?' and that's the sort of thing people are arrested for.
"Dean, the only thing you're worse at than flirting is lying, and right now, you've got wood growing in more places than your pants, Pinocchio."
Then her smile cuts off abruptly and she turns her back to him, moving around her car quick. Dean wonders what the hell that's about until he follows where her gaze last was, at his hand resting on the Impala's hood. The wedding ring, son of a friggin' bitch.
Dean turns it up and drives them home.
Cas is staring blankly at the ceiling, unseeingly so, even when Dean crouches closer and drops into his line of sight. "Cas, c'mon, c'mon, you're okay, everything's going to be--"
The lights in the room flicker on and off, sending sparks flying, and Dean thinks, okay. No smirking. But it's Cas Naomi is focused on as she lifts from her chair, gaze locked squarely on his.
A woman in an apron sets menus down in front of them. "What can I get you boys to drink?" she asks, sliding coasters their way. She's older, husky in a been-working-since-I-could-talk kind of way, but her hair, pulled back in a bun on top of her head, is its natural shade of brown, not a lick of gray in it.
Ten minutes later when Cas finally showed up with his normal-scowl intensified because of a bad morning that included several vomiting children and many gold star stickers threatened to be taken away, Lisa was still there, her and Dean curled into each other like the head and tail ends of a pair of parenthesis.
Sam's glower might as well be a smirk at this point. The thing reeks of self-satisfaction.
He can't exactly admit he came here to perv on the ladies. That's the sort of thing people give you hell about. So he shrugs.
Cas observes the other diner-goers with serious scrutiny. It’s 2pm on a Tuesday, so it’s basically just tired-looking old people and big, burly truckers, and they’re mostly eating alone.
Dean was putting away what must have been carving tools and wiping the coffee table. Repressing a smile, Castiel raised an eyebrow at the already very neat and clean living-room, which was apparently not up to Dean’s standards of tidiness.
Dean's really trying to improve, for once. He may regret it later, tho.
It'll be a lot of Jo and Dean, I love their energy ♥
Castiel is a poor gloomy thing and of course Balthazar is no help at all.
He never handled his feelings well, that didn’t change through the years. Keeping everything at distance, whether it was good or bad, was a protective reflex he had. No need to have a psychology PhD to understand that.
He took another bite, eating with the same intensity he radiates all the time.
And as a thanks, Sam rejected him and forbid him to see the family he wouldn’t even have if it weren’t Dean’s making. God, his brother was right, he was a piece of shit.
They ended up curled on the couch, Dean cry laughing -or was that laugh crying ?- in her neck, babbling some nonsense about
When Cas came back, he held out a glass to Dean and kept the canning jar for himself.
Meg loud snort interrupted her. “You mean there was no one from the library team at the interview ? Neither you nor Clarence ? Great. GREAT.”
Cas looked very focus; he was holding his fork but didn’t touch his slice of apple pie. Dean ate three bites in a row to gather some courage and munched up most of it before starting.
”, she got to help on almost everything, including slicing the apples. Dean helped mostly with reading the numbers on the scale and used his big uncle muscles to mix the dough when Allison’s little arms were tired.
For the second time, Dean laughed. Like a full belly laugh. It was very bewildering. He never pictured him as the laughing type. Smirking type, for sure. Castiel gave him a paper plate with some pie while wondering the kind of weekend he must had to be so different today. Besides the laugh that cracked fine lines around his eyes, Castiel couldn’t exactly pinpoint what was different. Dean was still a bit rough, a bit sarcastic, but it was lighter in some way.
cnovak@siouxfalls.org
At least he wouldn’t mind if she ate his share of tacos tonight.
Sam frowned, suddenly hooked.
But in his hands was a tiny piece of wood that he was carving with a pocketknife.
Dean sat straight up in his bed like he had been kicked. That’s why he hated insomnia, his mind was wandering in places it shouldn’t. He hadn’t noticed all of that stuff. At least he hadn’t meant to. Why the hell was he thinking about that right now ?
she grinned,
Dean sat cautiously on the couch, to let the white cat sleep soundly. In the next room, behind the lamest pearl curtain ever seen on Earth, Cas was fumbling with dishes and Dean could hear him self-talking between the clatter of the cabinets. Dean took the opportunity to look around a bit more. Every surface was occupied. By books and papers, mostly, but also with potted plants, and some diverse clutter such as a tray with both delicate pink China and a mug weirdly labeled as  “Best Sister-In-Law in the Universe”. The tabby cat was now drinking in a bucket placed just under the windowsill.
I'm darn proud of myself (it doesn't happen that often so...), not only I finished this project but I stuck to my posting schedule for more than four months. I can't believe it !
Hello there !
Seemed to be a good idea since he saw Dean’s shoulders relaxed a bit. He was far from enthusiastic but at least he didn’t look like he was about to rip Castiel’s head from his shoulder.
When his nosy brother had discovered that Dean came to see him with his nieces, he had winced badly, casting Castiel a deeply sorry look. Castiel was nervous enough in his seduction skills, he didn’t need a constant reminder of his so far disastrous love life.
Oh, that was awkward. Even for him. Castiel did not deal well with uneasy. He started to feel a bit paranoid. Why would Janice lie to him ? That didn’t make any sense. He chose his words very carefully and spoke even slower than usual.
hrdepartment@siouxfalls.org
I know I promised fluff, and there will be. But just like it is in real life, the path to well being isn't a straight clean highway and things don't just keep getting better. Sometimes it goes backward for a bit.
He was awaiting a guy a bit like himself, not really talkative, a bit in a rush, but willing and strong. He thought there would be some king of electricity, or whatever. He never expected a coffee and a walk around the fair, trying tediously to make conversation. Cas seemed to be fine talking for both of them, by the way. The guy must be nice but like…dog-nice. Those eyes were beautiful but a bit too puppy-like. His smile was nice too, or at least Dean could guess it was nice when he wasn’t so nervous. But that wasn’t enough.
Yet Dean still looked like a deer caught in headlights, shifting, taking a step toward the car, then back again.
A long silence followed. Cassie was looking at his phone, clearly considering the conversation was over, and Balthazar was left speechless.
The last regrets Dean may have felt vanished. It’s been a long time since someone were so enthusiastic to see him, besides Sam’s kids. Cas’s smile was contagious but Dean’s own grin grew even wider when he got a better look at the front of the t-shirt. From Cas’s chest pocket, two black ears and the end of a tail were poking out, as if the tiniest kitten were hidden inside.
Well, maybe he should have listened to Janice when she recommended not being too blunt, because the man seemed really offended by his question.
Despite her obvious effort to repress it, a series of giggles escaped Donna’s mouth. Meanwhile, the fainted memory of a very, very, very graphic comic book came back into Dean’s mind and he felt a burning heat creep on his neck and face. Shit. That was like 25 five years ago, how could she even… Missouri wasn’t letting go. Her eyes bored into Dean. He shifted nervously and after an awfully long moment, all he could managed was a pitiful “Sorry, Ma’am”
The contentment ended when they arrived in front of the storage room door. Or just a minute after they arrived, since he enjoyed seeing Dean a bit out of breath and slightly sweating. Served him right.
What a great start Dean Winchester. Acing it, really. Who gives a shit about the crappy coat ? The purpose is to get butt naked as soon as possible. And at least the guy tried to remember his name from his profile, that was not his case.
Cas’s text had left him speechless. Of course, Dean could have guessed, since the community center was accommodating the AA meetings, that was only logical that their events were alcohol-free. It was rather the fact that Cas had read between the lines and offered an answer that was not in the slightest bit pitiful. Dean had suddenly felt better about the idea and he was barely regretful when he arrived at the community center, the trench coat crumpled in his hand.
And thank you for this prompt, for pushing me to write and post it here, for the beta reading.
Jo's looking for Dean and kinda freaks out when he doesn't answer the door.
Cas extended his hand to raise the volume.
winchester.s@umn.edu
jmills@siouxfalls.org
The four years old grabbed the collar of his shirt instead – which was just a slightly less strangling choice- and there was a loud ripping noise when the fabric gave up. Dean yelled :
Sammy called before ten, just out of a day-long meeting nearby, tired, hungry and not very enthusiastic about driving home in the beginning of a storm. He showed up thirty minutes later, just in time for pizza, and they ate sprawled on the couch, chatting lazily.
His brother never asked for anything, it just happened to him. He wasn’t even a man yet but he had to take care of his little brother, alone, with nothing to his name and not even a comfortable roof upon their heads.
Don’t forget we have a team meeting at 9:30 next Tuesday. The agenda hasn’t changed but I wanted to let you know that we had news from the HR and Deputy Mayor Crowley : we found our next Music & Film librarian. We’ll talk about it on Tuesday.
At this rate, Cassie would be dating material in about 3 centuries, when he would have exhausted all the possibilities of ruining a date.
I hope your sunday is sweet and beautiful ♥
✉ 2018/06/01 at 14:47
cnovak@siouxfalls.org
She turned her head to see Dean, who sat on the grass in front of her, resting his elbows on his bended knees. He took a sip of the can of coke he was holding and smiled to her.
Sorry, didn’t see your email soon enough…
✉ 2018/07/03 at 15:20
Castiel is trying hard to be forgiven and he's lucky, Dean is in a really good mood !
Jody waved it away and turned to Jack, ignoring Meg who was the worst at taking notes, probably because she didn’t want to be asked to. “Jack, I know you never did it but there is a first for everything. Garth will help you, that’s okay Garth ?”
Much to Castiel despair, Dean crunched his nose, not really convinced. It didn’t take a lot of observation skills to note that Dean had an extremely low self-esteem, behind his assured and manly persona.
Cassie angrily folded the trench coat and put it back inside the bag with so much force he tore it up.
It didn’t work. He asked every question that came to his mind, but Cassie didn’t even bother to answer further than a few yes or no. He wasn’t even lying; he would have seen it. Cassie just stared outside, sipping on his coffee. The questions drifted to more and more unbelievable theories.
He liked that plaid clad Neanderthal. A lot. He couldn’t even pretend it was only physical attraction since he wasn’t the type of person to feel such things toward strangers. No, he liked the man, wholly.
They walked straight in the meeting room and to the buffet table. Cas opened a brown paper bag and Dean jumped on the opportunity to be civil.
“And this is your Led Zep t-shirt…” Benny deadpanned, pointing to Dean’s chest. He’d seen him wearing that shirt for years. This shirt went for a dip into Wall Lake like 10 years ago, and it was already vintage then. It had been spilled with so much beer it could probably tell the difference between lagers and ales. Benny clearly remembered throwing up on it at least once, and it would be very unlikely if Dean himself hasn’t. And above all : he was positive that this shirt couldn’t pass a black light test.
Jo wiped her eyes, still laughing softly. She could picture it : Dean looking uneasy and defensive and the other guy being overly enthusiastic. That was probably the best way to scare her friend.
And mostly because I discovered it myself five minutes ago and I still have absolutely no fricking idea who is this new person ?
Sam gaped at them for two seconds then crouched besides the open passenger’s seat’s window and asked Eileen :
Hello to you too, Castiel !
Laid down on the lounge chair in the garden, Eileen absentmindedly taped her belly while watching the kids splashing their father sitting beside the pool. A hand brushed her shoulder.
Jo noticed Dean wanted to say something else but he had that constipated face he made from time to time since she knew him. It usually meant he needed some liquid courage and less than one hour after, he used to be wasted enough to talk her ear off. Now that this were no longer an option, it seems like her friends was stuck, carving each and every word forever instead of letting it fall out of his mouth. She tried to help a bit and asked :
Dean felt a burn creep on his face, looking at the crust on the top of the pie. The so cute rabbit Allison drew yesterday with leftover dough was now cut and reduced to three quarters of a long ear that looked exactly like a dildo. A golden brown, crunchy and cinnamon flavored dildo, but a dildo nonetheless.
Hello ♥
A quick check at the gravel driveway revealed a second pair of tire tracks and that was enough to make her broke into a huge grin.
Sam laughed in disbelief
Dean squinted his eyes when she burst out laughing and left him dumbstruck as she jogged happily towards the sidewalk. He shouted and quickly followed her, sprinting a bit to reach her. That was too enjoyable to let go already, so she ignored all the puzzled looks Dean casted her and speeded up as he tried to ask something out loud.
winchester.s@umn.edu
University of Minnesota Twin Cities
This is NOT going well.
✉ 2018/06/29 at 17:12
Again, thank you for sticking with me
But he couldn’t stand it.
“Yeah. Go get them, Tiger.”
Sam breathed through his nose, twice. That was it. That was the tipping point. There was no more telling himself Dean would get better. It was obvious the situation was getting out of hand and he was out of reasonable reasons to excuse him. It was probably obvious for everyone for a long time but…Damn, that was though to admit that he was helpless there. He knew for years that Dean had unhealthy habits that slowly shifted to a strong drinking problem. And the more he saw him, the worse it was. No matter how painful it was, he had to get his shit together and
He really didn’t.
Cas looked like a kicked puppy, his eyes going from his ruined coat and to Dean in an endless back and forth.
When he came back to the living room, buckling his belt, he noticed the flashing light on his phone. Yup, he definitely chose the outfit well. At least it would cheer him up a bit.
His tone was careful, wondering if there was a trap somewhere.
Whenever he tried to do something outside of this field, he was just a misfit. The kind that brings inedible pie for months without knowing he’s poisoning everyone. The kind everyone feels so sorry for they couldn’t even tell him about it.
Eileen laughed. She was always fond of Dean, even if she couldn’t say why exactly. Maybe it was because she could see him through Sam’s eyes, but not only. She knew firsthand Dean was an invested big brother, even if he wasn’t perfect. She always could read him like a book, and he kind of let her do that. He let her, probably because even if he knew that she knew, she never forced her opinions, advices or anything on him. She just had to look at him. Dean had a rough shell, but he was helpless if someone were really soft with him. That guy needed more soft people around, it could do wonder to him.
