"Then who is Tina?" he asks.
“Your behavior tells me otherwise.”
When he’s at the register. Or stocking shelves. Or refilling the slushy machine. Or sweeping. Or putting fresh hot dogs on the roller-grill.
“Actually, I was, uh…”
“My car.”
Never has he been so jealous of an inanimate object.
The lobby is dark when he leaves the room dressed in his running shorts. There’s still time while he waits for the attendant—Ash, he recalls—to inquire about the broken unit in his room, so he sets a leisurely pace down the sidewalk past shops whose lights have barely begun flickering on, limbs still feeling as awkward and lethargic as his brain.
She laughs again and shakes her head. “Hardly ever see you at the Roadhouse anymore.”
, he thinks grumpily. “It’s not a cure-all, but it may shorten the duration of his symptoms since you caught it within forty-eight hours. He may also take acetaminophen or ibuprofen for the pain and fever. Make sure he gets lots of fluids in the meantime.”
“We don’t have to do anything you aren’t ready for, Dean. It’s alright.”
Baffled, he inclines his head, lips pursed. "The diner is named… after a stripper."
Dean say it.
He pops the cap on the tube, relishing the shiver that crawls across the sea of skin before him at the sound, and pours a generous amount into his hand, warming it between his fingers.
his abs tense, ass clenches, and he comes so hard the breath rushes from his lungs, leaves him gasping for air facing the ceiling as if in prayer, the only thing holding him up his trembling thighs forcing his spine into the tile.
But Dean’s eyes close as he chokes out, “I—fuck,” and Castiel’s heart begins its steady descent into the earth beneath them because
Dean kissed him,
“If you’re sure…”
for reviewing this chapter for me!
And the images that spring to his mind just make him hornier than ever.
It’s no big deal.
“I can't go into battle without my handmaiden again! The Kingdom of Moondoor needs our combined strategic expertise to win back the territory we lost to the Shadow Orcs last month. So no excuses this time, capisce?”
The moment he steps out into the street, a giant raindrop splatters directly onto the center of his forehead. Within seconds, it’s pouring.
“Batman’s not
Dean bites his lip to muffle another whine.
“Now, man, ‘fore I pass the fuck out.”
, Dean
And maybe a little bit envious.
“Hey.” Scooting his chair closer, Dean angles his body toward Castiel.
His brain short-circuits, going completely blank with the overwhelming thrum of desire flooding his veins because
Cas smiles wistfully, glancing down at his glass. “Indeed. Anyway, since turning eighteen and starting university, I’ve been on my own.”
Eventually, it was clear what they had wasn’t moving forward, and whatever “next step” Lisa kept sticking around for wasn’t coming. Nearly a year passed, and he still stayed at Bobby’s more often than not, and half the nights he did spend at her place he crashed on the couch rather than following her to bed.
Dean thinks of asking Cas if he wants one, but can’t bring himself to look at or talk to him right now, choosing instead to storm off toward the coolers in tense silence. He tosses his empty bottle in the bag they’d brought and flips open the lid on the Coleman, popping the cap on a fresh one and taking a long swig before leaves crackling underfoot bring his attention to someone approaching.
Castiel can hardly stand it; he wheezes, whacks the back of a hand stupidly at Dean’s chest, and laughs until his lungs burn and hot tears streak down his cheeks.
Cas is with Jack, Claire, and Kaia, clearing a vamp nest in southern Texas. Dean had already been halfway to Oregon following a lead with Donna when the call came in—
“Hello, Gabriel.” Cas listens for a minute, rolling his eyes. “Yeah, I’m here now. It'll need a lot of work first—what?” He pauses as his brother speaks, barely audible over the music. Dean thinks he hears the word “drunk” and ducks his head to hide a grin. “I'm an adult and perfectly capable of taking care of myself, thanks. Alright, fine. Yes, I'll call you tomorrow.
“Huh. You really care about him.”
Rubbing a towel through his mess of hair, he scoffs, because what good has decorum ever done him? Led him to a job he barely tolerates and a lonely, mediocre life? Maybe Gabe’s right (yet again, damn him), and this is his chance to do things differently. Do what he meant to when he first left, when he still had dreams of better things. Before he caved to pressure, duty, and slid right back under his father’s thumb.
“Used to think the same thing, myself.”
“Oh,” Castiel starts, “you didn’t have to—”
“Dean?”
He never would have pegged Dean for a cuddler, but he couldn’t have been more wrong because the following morning, Castiel wakes to a firm body plastered to his sweating back. While it was grounding the previous night, a soothing balm for all the stress he’s been under and conflicted emotions which culminated in a nightmare he can’t even remember, it’s bordering on uncomfortable right now, almost sweltering.
“It’s not a big deal, Sam. I’m a grown-ass man, I can live wherever the hell I want.”
Hope everyone is staying safe and healthy out there. And please, I thrive on comments!
Cas carefully closes the book, treating it like it’s something precious, and sets it beside him on the couch before rising. He strides confidently toward Sam, doesn’t even seem at all put off by his enormous height, and holds out his hand.
“Drink.”
He sighs. “I’m fine.” Wiping his eyes, he relaxes into Dean’s side, relishing the man’s body heat in the mild chill of the night.
go, all but one ended before the two-month mark, and it’s one he’d sooner forget because the memory still cuts to the quick.
He’s half-heartedly contemplating the merits of pan crust versus rising when someone calls out, but it’s distant, muffled like there’s a thick, fuzzy wall between him and the rest of the universe. Dean blinks. The sound gets louder, clearer. Then there’s a hand on his shoulder, a strangely soothing and familiar weight, and it’s pulling him, turning him bodily around.
. Not taking no for an answer here, pal.”
Cas finally looks at him, scowling. “Fine.” Even when he’s being kinda pissy, he’s fucking adorable. He pivots on his heel, prepared to stalk toward the stairs, but stops suddenly and glances over his shoulder. “Bring drinks, too.”
“Okay, Char, you got me. He’s hot. Catherine Bach hot. Young Harrison Ford hot. But we’re just roommates, I swear.”
He can’t tell if it’s seconds or minutes before his head clears and droops forward, regret and disappointment burrowing deep in his stomach because, just once, he wishes he were brave enough (or perhaps stupid enough) to do what he wants. Without reservation, no holding back, toss propriety out the window.
“Very good,” Cas purrs on the other end of the line. “I miss you, Dean. Will you let me see you?”
“Oh, and I’m bringing the karaoke machine to the Cheesecake Festival this weekend. You know what that means!”
Who’s to say how long they make out like that, pressed up against the island. There’s no urgency in it, no desire to take anything further, just the two of them enjoying the comfort that comes with each touch—each shared breath—and it’s
“So,” Gabe said, drawing the sound out long enough Castiel knew an uncomfortable question lay at the end. “How’re things going with the new fuckboy?”
Dean sputters, unsure how to respond, and a glance back at Cas reveals wide eyes and darkened cheeks even in the muted moonlight between each colorful burst above them. He’s staring at the hands clasped tightly in his lap, and knowing even just the thought of them being together like that has Cas looking so embarrassed makes his gut twist painfully.
“Dean,” he gasps, a flush rising to his cheeks. His hands fidget at his sides. There’s white dust smeared across his sharp, stubbled jaw and splattered all over the front of a—
His friend hefts him to his feet with a strained grunt and maybe Castiel is laughing, or crying, it's hard to... hard to think. His body is very heavy, his head fuzzy, and the room's lights are too bright, stinging against his eyelids. After a lot of fumbling, Dean manages to peel off the layers of sweaty, filthy clothing down to his briefs. Castiel shivers and clings. Dean lugs him to the bed, shoves a tall glass of water in his face, and plants his feet in front of Castiel with arms crossed over his chest and a pensive frown until he drinks the whole thing. Water drips down his chin, some landing on his naked thighs. He doesn't care enough to wipe it away.
“Come on buddy.”
“We’re going to be late.”
important.”
“Yes.” Cas blushes instantly, eyes darting to the floor. “I… I haven’t been with anyone in a long time. But I got tested after my last, um, partner.”
“Cas.”
Distracted, he nearly misses the way Dean’s eyes are roving down, lingering on his biceps where they strain against the shirt before bouncing back up to meet Castiel’s startled gaze. He feels heat rising to his cheeks and shifts on his ass.
A flush burns across his cheeks. “Oh. Um… It was nothing, man, don’t worry about it.” He chuckles, running fingers through his wet hair, but even to his own ears, it sounds artificial.
“You're not a serial killer or anything, right?" Dean says, eyes twinkling mischievously. Castiel chuckles and shakes his head. "I did say this would sound weird. Look, there ain’t exactly a booming market around here, and I’ve been eyeballing that house for years. All that character and history, just sitting there abandoned. It’s a damn shame. It’ll be faster and easier to get crap done if I’m already there, and if you decide later you do want to sell it, I want dibs on the listing.”
It isn’t until his hand is on the door that he registers what he’s just done or the stuttered little gasp it elicited from the other man. With a quick glance over his shoulder, he sees Castiel motionless, eyes wide, in the same spot he left him. He looks stunned, a hand resting upon his cheek.
The valets look terrified. Crowley loves his cars and puts the fear of God into anyone who breathes near them. There's no way Dean is going to get the keys, but god is he going to try. As if summoned by the valets or, more likely, someone saw Dean leave his party, Crowley appears. With his usual crooked smile in place.  No matter how pissed he is, Crowley always manages to look charming, instead of annoyed. It has to be an English thing. Dean can never quite pull that smile off and mean it. "Dean, what are you doing out here? The parties only started?"
“Dean me and you both know this has jackshit to do with your cases and everything to do with your dad,” Charlie says as if Deans told her about his fathers deal.
Castiel breathes a laugh, sitting up from his slump. There's a sheet of paper stuck to his cheek. Dean snorts when the paper falls off. Castiel looks at it like it betrayed him, “I need a drink.” Castiel says very seriously.
Sam chews his cereal thoughtfully, his hair falling into his face. There are dark circles under his eyes. "Normally I'd agree with you," He says, frowning slightly. "But I miss him to man. He hasn't been answering my calls for months. The only texts he even replies to are the ones that ask if he's alive and even then, it’s only with 'I’m fine'. It's been months without any contact and its dumb. The three of us are a family Dean."
Castiel smiles. It is equal parts charming and predatory. Dean can finally see why everyone in his life refers to Castiel as a shark when he smiles like that. "So, you believe that your facility provides the best possible care for everyone attending it?"
Dean hasn't been fucked in months, long before he wound up arrested and in Cas’s custody, but God he wants it now. “Yeah, shit-” Dean whines, he's so close just by Cas talking him off, but the image of Cas fucking him, boxing Dean in with his fantastic thighs, has put him on the razor's edge. “Please, Cas.”
Cas looks pained. “I don't know what I want Dean. I didn't want to leave the bunker. I didn't want to leave you."
Dean narrows his eyes. "I wasn't brought up by angels Mr Crowley. I've been raised by mortals and demi-gods and it’s never done me any harm. I'm still just as capable as any other angel in my field."
Dean bites his lips after the amazon case he’s been safe. He hasn't gone without a condom in years. He knows he's clean and Cas is probably clean considering he was an angel until a few months ago. He barely thinks about it, Dean just wants to feel him. "It doesn't matter," Dean says trying not to squirm at the thought of getting Cas in him with no barriers.
But Zoe, you say, Cas doesn't have a dick! How will he and Dean fuck if Cas has no dick?
- but he likes Cas. He likes how the guy stood up for himself and insisted on fighting that ghost and he likes how Cas laughs rich and deep even over the phone. He likes how Cas watched Doctor Sexy because Dean mentioned it once, and he likes how Cas still mocks it constantly, even after streaming the whole series. He likes those times when they’re talking and Dean thinks Cas is the best friend he's ever had.
Shifting his wings Dean watches as Castiel’s blurry body moves around the apartment. His dark hair blending into the cabinets as he the fights with the toaster. Dean muffles his laughter with his fist, but Castiel still turns around. His features lost to Deans vision. Groping for his glasses Dean places them on and smiles as Castiel comes into focus. “Morning,” Dean says, scrubbing his head.
“What about me?” Castiel asks, pouring them both another glass.
“Holy shit, were you okay?”
"Kicked puppy," She says, summoning the kettle over to fill her mugs. "It's painful to watch really. How long have you two been pining over each other?'
“It’s possible I used to much Floo power,” he says in a rough lilting voice. Dean swallows.
"C'mon bug it's getting late," Kelly says smiling brightly. Deans cheeks ache watching as the Kline’s pull Castiel into a group hug. Jack getting wrapped up in Castiel’s tail before they leave.
“Not my problem.”
"Oh, so you're not like going to kill me? Or like eat me?"
Thank you all for reading and sorry for the pain I promise the next chapter will be something close to hopeful.
Instead, he forces himself to move on. Picking up the glasses between his fingers as he carries them across the apartment towards the kitchen. His place is nothing more than a studio, really; painted a light grey to counteract the vivid purple downstairs. As always, it messy, paint splattered and worn down. Castiel has lived here for two years and still doesn't feel any attachment to it. In fact he vastly preferred the warm yellow rooms of Missouri's house. The smell of her blackberry tea and her comforting smile after he came out of trances like this. He doesn't belong there, though. Not when Missouri has a granddaughter to train. A sweet girl who needed her grandmother’s comfort more than the twenty-something basketcase moping in her spare room. At least that's what Patience’s father had said about him. Castiel personally feels like he needed Missouri's brand of comfort plenty.
Charlie smiles. She’s got him hooked even if he’s not willing to admit it. “It's Bela Talbot. I think you’ll like her,” she says vaguely, disappearing from the room.
Dean looks over to see Sam frowning down at where he dropped his salad bowl in surprise. Dean smiles at his brother, nervously tapping the table. Cas reaches across the table and grabs his hand in support. "So, you heard that huh?"
“What?” Dean asks, shifting uncomfortably.
Dean turns red, almost choking on his own spit. “Believe it or not your sex life isn't what I was going to ask about.”
Dean chuckles and pulls out his wallet again. “Ah, yes. Here you go. Thank you very much.” He says handing the guy a twenty.
Castiel groans, “You won't believe me but it was for Crowley.”
“My office placed those spells. I know exactly how much you can get away with before it becomes an issue,” Rowena says, a cold smile on her face. “You’ll do just fine. It's not this truth spell that concerns me.”
“Yes.”
Castiel frowns as does the detective. "C'mon, man. We just pulled her out of a dumpster in the back of your building. Who was her pimp?" The detective asks as if he actually cares what happened to her. Castiel doubts that. It’s probably just close to the end of his shift. Castiel sighs as the body guys tilt the girls head and Castiel gets a glimpse of blonde hair. He sighs in relief, it wasn't Meg then.
There's a loud flap, like a bird taking flight, and Castiel is suddenly in the passenger seat. "Dude, what the hell?"
Castiel rolls his eyes. “Of course you gave it a name.”
Dean licks his lips. He doesn't like that look Castiel has in his eye. “What?”
“Actually I ride an Indiana Scott.”
Dean sighs into it pulling Cas closer as their hips begin to roll. Their breath getting hotter and faster as they pant against each other’s skin. Dean finally gets to trace his hands over Cas's ribs. Stroking across that tattoo that’s been driving him insane for days.  Cas arches into his hands, mouthing along Deans collarbone and nipping at pieces of skin. His hands a warm and massive behind Dean's neck.
Dean pouts down at his love handles. "I can't tell if that was you answering my question, you being sarcastic or you saying I got to eat less grease."
Dean laughs, "I've seen animal documentary's less brutal than that." Dean says, scratching the back of his neck. "Listen, man, do you want to come upstairs with me?"
Like Castiel’s place, Sam's home is huge. Well, officially it's Gabe and Rowena's place, while on paper Sam lives with Dean. Even though Dean hasn't lived with Sam since Gabriel and Rowena showed up with rings for the three of them. Their relationship is still a point of controversy. Considering the fact it's between three people. And with Gabriel's position as the magical enforcer of all angels in Kansas they work hard to keep it hidden. No one wants Sam to suffer since he's technically sleeping with his boss. But despite all of that, Dean hasn't seen Sam this happy since their mom was alive. Even if he does tease his brother for becoming a sugar baby to Kansas's power couple.
"The gutter is kinda my job description." The guy jokes, gesturing down to his whole body. Thankfully, they are actually at a red light this time. Since Dean's focused on everything but the road. Those pants are  something else. The guy licks his lips. "But I'll stop with the jokes if it offends your delicate sensibilities."
Castiel blinks at that, shocked despite himself. Most of his clients are cheaters, he’s aware of that, but for a dumb reason he thought Dean would be better than that. Not worse. “Where are they? Shopping together?” He asks bitterly, finishing his glass of champagne in one go.
Dean sips his coffee and shrugs. “Yeah maybe,” he mutters.
Gabriel cackles again, "That's what makes this so perfect. The last I heard you were whining to Sam about him being an asshole. So how the hell did he wind up in your asshole?"
"I love you," Castiel says. It’s not the first time he’s says it, but Dean still looks just as shocked as he did the first time. "I love you and you don't like them. We can still watch Disney together."
"C'mon man that's bullshit," Dean snaps, panicked. "The only reason we met was because of the deal. I couldn't tell what was us and what was work or whatever. I didn't know what was real."
Dean watches him, eyes turning cold. “Prophets were made to serve Heaven.” he says, like it's a fact. The only absolute truth. Forgetting the fact that Castiel makes his business out off lying. “Get the fuck out of my store, Dean.”
"But you are happy, right? With me I mean?"
"Hey Jods," Dean says rolling his eyes at the guarded teen. He can't wait till she meets Jody's wife Donna. "How's it going?"
Dean shakes his head. “I don’t want to make you uncomfortable man.”
“No,” Dean says, teasingly, while the room smells of Peonies. “I’ll let you figure that one out on your own.”
"Oh of course," Dean fumbles at his pants, pulling out a wallet thick with bills. "I assume cash is acceptable."
"I do," Cas says softly. Dean licks his lips, wrapping his arms tighter around Cas's neck.
"Yeah, I know what you mean," Dean sighs falling into the other chair and closing his eyes. He
This feels a bit like a filler but it needed to be done. The pace will start to pick up from here I promise I just needed to get this bit out of the way so Dean and Cas could have an actual honest conversation! I know, I know, I'm shocked too.
"Your real name is Castiel?" Dean asks because, seriously? That sounds made up.
"Destiny is bullshit."
Dean smiles, "It's a date then." He says as something crashes from the doorway.
"Or, you could stay until the party’s over," Crowley purrs, he must have someone inside that he wants Dean to meet. He’s always looking for their next deal. Dean wishes he was in the mood to schmooze a client. But right now, all he wants is to bury himself in numbers until the world starts making sense again. He gives Crowley a look.
"And you're letting him?"
--- L.A.X ---
Dean frowns at his phone till it goes dark. Cas is a great guy; he's a fantastic lay and Dean wants more. He's known he was into dudes since high school, but it was only after he started his master's program that he thought to act on it. Before meeting Cas, Dean used the app to feed his curiosity. He tried phone sex with some guys. Exchanged handjobs with a cute guy named Aaron and learned how to give blow jobs from Benny, a biker passing through town for the night. Then he saw Cas's photo.
Dean sighs, “It's only because I was one.”
Claire looks up from Dean's hand her face pale and eyes wide. “I feel fine,” she lies because magic always makes her feel like shit.
“Thanks,” Castiel says, picking one up and looking at Dean expectantly.
"Here," Dean says, picking it up and turning it on. Castiel blinks then lean's into his personal space, lighting the cigarette with ease. Dean licks his lips.
Dean leans forward, considering it. “Doing what?”
Castiel nods, Castiel nods a lot. Dean grins standing up and stripping in a hurry. Watching hungrily, as Castiel grabs the tube and slicks his fingers with the stuff. Dean scrambles to get naked, not really caring if he’s still got his watch and one sock on when he straddles Castiel’s thick waist. Slowly stroking over the bruises on his tan chest. There's Cyrillic tattooed on his left hip. "How the fuck did the Adler’s daughter not notice this?" Deans asks, in awe.
Jack giggles, "No Uncle Castiel that’s what you get."
But he can't have it, because that's not what tonight is shaping up to be. Not with the way Dean had looked at him when he got back to their cars. Like he was planning on skipping the drive and fucking Castiel in his front seat. For Dean, tonight will be about sex, maybe friendship. So that's all Castiel can ask from him. Castiel can't let Dean get under his skin any more than he already has. He’ll only end up hurting himself otherwise.
The streets are as busy as usual, but Castiel keeps his head down for a change. Normally he wouldn't be against a little flirting if it leads to getting some cash. But he has to find Meg first, so he knows if he needs to charge extra. If Megs spent it all, she’s going to be cleaning the bathroom for a month. That’s if they don’t get evicted first. If that happens he might genuinely kill her.
Dean stays near the ground trying to coax Spice closer so he can pet her too. The kitten just stares at him, blue eyes wide before she yawns and walks right past him. Dean snorts and shakes his head. From behind his back, Dean hears Cas muffle a laugh. Jumping to his feet Dean turns to brush the dust off his knees. His throat suddenly going dry.
Rufus has some tools down here as well. The kind of stuff you need for basic maintenance. The ladder has rusted in a few places, along with Rufus’s box of tools. Everything looks like it's liable to give Dean a bad case of tetanus and that’s with his shot. His stomach churns. He might have to pick a fight with Cas after all. "I don't think you should use any of this," Dean says, avoiding Cas's eye.
“Seeing if I can borrow a cauldron of Mildred.”
Castiel groans, laying his head down on the table. “I still have to prove it.” He whines.
Dean shoves at his shoulder. “Shut up and pass me some shampoo. I think I’ve got grass in my hair.” Castiel passes him the bottle and for a second their shower almost feels chaste. Domestic, even. They just clean themselves, occasionally looking at the way gravedirt and mud slide down the other’s skin. Baiting each other with a raised eyebrow or a smile, to see who will reach out first.
Dean grabs his horns pulling him in for a needy kiss as he lays back on the bed Castiel climbing on top of him. They kiss and pant for god knows how long, cocks bumping against each other as they rut together. Hands greedily exploring skin. Castiel is still a biter sober and Dean tangles his fingers in Castiel’s hair arching into his teeth. His wings dripping oil onto the sheets.
With a deal, there are no limits to what a demon could do. They would surely see the benefits of Claire's curse. They might not even be planning on killing her, just using the smallest bit of her soul to make themselves stronger. Hell, they might even know how her curse hurts her. Or maybe they would know, and they’ll use her anyway.
“Why, gee Cas, it's nice to know you care," Dean mutters, definitely blushing now. He's never really worried about his appearance before, but Cas makes him feel self-conscious as hell. Maybe he should have turned around after all.
“Yeah, Cas it is. If Abbadon gets Heaven, that’s it. Game over. She could evacuate every soul and leave hundreds of ghosts trapped here to never be at peace and when they lash out and kill people. Abaddon would sit there and laugh, probably kill a few humans herself - just because she likes it.”
Rowena does, then reaches out her palms to Bela. “Come, dear,” she says, her accent lilting with power. The swish of her red ceremonial dress made hypnotic as she moves. “Sit here and concentrate this won’t take long.”
he makes jokes and sings the songs. Castiel snuggled against his chest. They watch
"Americans are squeamish," Castiel says obviously not intimidated at all. "Whatever methods you've got I'm sure my country has worse."
“Cas look…”
(See the end of the chapter for
Claire shrugs, “It's nothing bad, he just wants me to work for him for as long as it takes to brew the potion.”
“Hey, Cas.” She says, smiling falsely.
"Oh, I know," Amara says, her smile sharpening. "That’s the problem."
Smirking Dean twists his tail around between his fingers and pulls him down again. Castiel reaches his hand down, clasping his dick tight. "I take it all back, you're not perfect you're the devil incarnate." Castiel gasps shoving at Deans' chest.
Sam snorts and shakes his head. "I do not want to be there if you two make up," Dean flips him off, hiding his flushed face in his coffee. He doesn't think what Sam’s implying a chance in hell of happening. But a man can dream, and Deans dreamed about the scenario a lot. Sam takes one look at him and laughs so hard; milk comes out of his nose.
“I'm fine.” Castiel snaps, ignoring Jody and Dean's worried looks. He is fine, He's alive and he's got a ghost to kill. “C’mon Dean, let's go.”
"Do you think you can carry me to my room strong guy?"
“I’m fine.” Castiel groans, using the wall to support himself as he stands, “It's Castiel by the way.”
"Okay," Cas says setting the wood burner up for the day. Dean can already tell that things going become his new best friend.
“It's not as bad as you think,” Dean says, smiling reassuringly. Then, without further ado, he lifts the shovel and slams it through the coffin lid.
"Honestly yeah a little bit," Dean admits, shrugging. "I haven't seen Jack or Nick interact together so I can't say for sure what the outcome would be. But Nick is already talking about sending him to boarding school for crying out loud. He wasn't interested in Jack at all until his powers started to develop. And while I have no doubt that Jack will be provided for by Mr Lightbringer. I worry that the love and safety Jack finds with his mother will be lost if Jacks sent away."
What is a surprise is the stetson on Cas's head. This man's uniform is going to kill him, long before any monster does. "Where the fuck have you been hiding that thing?" Dean asks before he can stop himself.
“Yeah. I mean it's not why I stayed, I believe in what I do now. People need to be protected so that's what I do. That is when I’m not helping handsome criminals desecrate graves.”
"So, your place?" Castiel says, pulling his keys out of his pockets.
"You’re worried about your job?" Dean asks, trying not to get offended.
“You will tomorrow, don’t worry. She's officiating,” Sam says excitedly.
“I know,” Sam says, watching Dean like he's a pot about to boil over. “I know you're pissed at Chuck but this, Dean this isn't about that. You don't even say his name, Dean.
"I'm the principal at St Michael's college for Archangels." She says proudly. Nick looks at her, smugness clear on every feature. Castiel shifts in his seat.
Castiel blinks his tail dragging behind him. "Yes, we are. Kelly and I always meet here, why are you asking?"
"Fuck, Cas," Dean moans, rocking into Cas's hand. He keeps letting out small desperate noises as Cas's fingers brush along his prostate. His cock leaking with every touch Cas gives him. "Fuck I need you." He says meaning it more than just sexually.
"Ah yes modestly. I forgot human's value such things." Castiel closes his eyes and suddenly he begins to waver, like a lake being hit by a stone. For a second Dean sees the halo lighting up Castiel's jawline. A flash of skin shimmering white and the curl of a tentacle. Then it's just some regular guy standing before him again. This time in a rumpled suit and a too-big trench coat. Castiel pinches the corner of the sleeve, frowning at how it covers his hand. "Clothing is a lot harder to get proportional than skin and unfortunately I'm out of practise. I hope this is more subtle."
Green eye's groans, but Castiel ignores him. Turning around so his ass is in the window frame. He’s at the perfect height to watch the man's face in his side mirror. His eyes are glued to Castiel's ass. Which is what Castiel was hoping for.
Claire clenches her gloved hands and breathes deeply. “I do.”
“Yes,” Dean says, shifting nervously. “Now can you please put it down.”
“What's that supposed to mean?” She asks as the lights flicker overhead.
"Are you alright." He says as he rubs Deans back, thumping it slightly.
Dean swallows and clears his throat, “Sure, yeah my place.” He says wondering what he’s getting himself into.
"You're stuck here?" Castiel says, tilting his head and staring at her spirt like he can see something more than just her image. "Did you escape when Chuck opened the Hellgate?"
“Your lying.”
“It's not an office matter anymore.”
Dean shrugs, "It could be both, I'm bi so I don't have to decide that kind of thing."
Dean groans, smiling to the guard at the door when she passes him back his charm. "We ran into Nick," He says putting the necklace over his head. Instantly feeling more secure now that all his emotions aren't being broadcasted.
Dean shakes his head, smiling nervously as Castiel rubs his knee. "No not a lawyer."
Having Cas at his side helps, he’s silent and grouchy but alive. Not blown to smithereens like he was after Lucifer clicked his fingers. A bloody chunk on Bobby’s face. Shivering Dean looks at him in the dark of the car. His face lit briefly by passing street lights. He’s so beautiful and powerful and Christ Dean so glad he’s here he’s sick with it.
Before he started he was always a sexual person. He happily went with anyone that caught his eye. But being a hooker is nothing like having one-night stands. Castiel isn't out to have fun. He’s out to make money. He had to learn how to do it right. How to look like and be a fantasy worth paying for.
Claire beams at him. "Your damn right I did." She says smugly. Kaia elbows her between the ribs, Dean blinks as Claire glares back, a silent conversation happening between the two of them. Claire sighs, blowing hair out of her eyes. "For what it's worth I'm sorry too. I shouldn't have cut you out like that."
“I think you're full of shit.”
Castiel says joking through his shock. “You see me almost die. You get my first name.”
"Why?" Cas asks, gathering the bowls and placing them in the sink.
Shaking his head Castiel stumbles into her bathroom and brushes his teeth. No doubt, Megs at the club because Meg is always at the club. He wonders if she saw the letter when she was leaving. Knowing her, she noticed it and the half-empty bottle and figured Castiel didn't want to talk about it.
"Nah," Dean grunts forcing the crowbar to hard splitting the wooden shake in down the middle. "Fuck," He snaps, pulling at the split pieces of wood and throwing them to the ground below.
Claire rolls her eyes before she hugs him, her head barely reaching his chest. Dean smiles pulling her closer, ignoring Kaia's fond look over Claire's shoulders.
Cas rolls his eyes, "I'm still mad at you Dean, but that doesn't mean you have to overwork yourself to the point of pain. You've been working steadily for two hours now. In freezing temperatures with no food. I know from all your rants about Kansas that you don't like cold weather. So, I can see no reason for you to be outside this long, without gloves -" He frowns down at the Dean's hands. "- Unless you are punishing yourself for no reason."
Claire sighs and begins to roll up her sleeve, “I made a deal.” She says, revealing the soul brand on her left wrist.
Dean blinks, Castiel looks completely serious. “What?”
sign. On it is a painting of a charming all American family. It's kind of amazing Castiel can make it out from here. Now that Dean's looking at him, he can see the similarities between the dad and Castiel.
“You signed up to work for me Dean and right now I need you to do this.” The words make it sound like Castiel’s begging but there's a red tinge to Castiel’s eyes.
Dean grabs it nervously, inspecting Cas's palm. It's warm to his touch but not red. "No burns. You should be fine," Dean says, reassuring himself.
Castiel sighs, "And you'd be well within your rights to do so. I wouldn't blame you, Dean. I just want you to know that when I rip this, Claire's potion will fail."
Dean swallows, thinking about Cas in the barn makes him feel sick. He was so close to losing him. Dean had barely paid attention to what Cas was saying. To busy trying to work out ways to save him but he remembers Cas rasping out an "I love you at some point." He assumed it meant he loved all the Winchesters equally at the time but now. Now he might not be so sure.
"Big, "Dean snaps defensively. Castiel doesn't even flinch.
“Even if that makes her your puppet?” Dean asks, sharply.
"Claire, you said a bad word." Owen says, elbowing her knee.
Amara licks her red painted lips, looking down at the dagger with something like surprise. She's always seemed so impassive. Empty and emotionless even when she was telling Dean she loved him. But there is something like an emotion crossing her face. "Hello Castiel," She says, raising a perfectly sculpted eyebrow. The knife in her chest melts into nothing, falling and not even leaving a mark behind. Even her clothes remain complete. Dean takes a second to take in the fact that the primordial darkness is wearing a bright yellow pantsuit. "You seem different."
“The A/C. How long will it take to fix?”
he thinks, hooking his thumbs into his waistband until Cas stops him with hands on his wrists.
“Not all I do, no.” Dean shoots him a look over his shoulder. “Started out as a mechanic, but there’s not a ton of business for it in a small town like this. Only so many cars, you know, and I had to pay bills somehow. Got my contractor license and opened up a shop that does a lil’ bit of everything. First and only place like that in Eden.” Castiel doesn’t have to see his face to know he’s beaming with pride. “Cars, houses, crap like this. You name it. Basically, if it needs fixing, I’m your guy, and I've got a few locals hired on for the weirder stuff I can’t do myself. Before, people were stuck jerry-rigging things by themselves or hiring fancy, expensive companies from the city.”
“Seriously?” Dean throws his hands up. “She’s trying to get into your pants, man! Has been since day one!”
So maybe Dean’s regretting that decision now. Just a little.
“Well, well, well. Made it to the morning after?” Meg says, hovering at the edge of their table with a conspicuous glint in her brown eyes. “This one must be something special, huh?”
he thinks with a shudder
“Such a good boy for me,” Cas tells him, and goddamn if that doesn’t do all kinds of things to his insides, telling Dean whatever Cas wants, he will do. He’ll get on his knees, he’ll fucking grovel because Cas is perfect, always so sweet to him, Dean loves him so much and he’s practically vibrating with how badly he wants to taste and smell and touch and—
“Of course,” she croons, watching as they bend in opposite directions to wipe themselves off. “Nothing wrong with getting a little
Giving in to the same need, Dean finally touches his own neglected cock. It's heavy in his hand, throbs against the heated flesh of his palm. Warmth spreads through his gut, the muscles of his abdomen and thighs clenching as he smears a glob of precome around the head and strokes in long, slow pulls. He glances up to see Cas’ head thrown back, the strong, solid body under it tense as he struggles to maintain a modicum of composure.
“Nah, not really. Before my time. Here ya go, dude, room three.”
Ash doesn't even look up again, just shoots a quick thumbs-up his way. “No problem.”
, that’s gotta be the single hottest thing he's ever heard.
“So,” Meg starts, “what’ll it be today, handsome?”
—Dean wishes he could freeze this moment in time, bottle it, carry it with him always.
Scrubbing the wetness from his cheek with a low growl, he shoves everything down, down. Watches as the sky slips into violet dusk, a cumulonimbus cluster forming above the road ahead. Thunder rolls, its echo oddly muffled, muted by the flat expanse of nature stretched around him. Sharp, biting notes of ozone fill the air. Anticipating rain, he rolls the window up just in time for the first few splatters on the windshield. His view obscured, he flips on the wipers and slouches in his seat.
Leave it to Michael to hit where it hurts most. “I’m not your
Castiel’s lips part with a reply just as a throat clears beside them. Meg’s standing there, sliding two plates across the counter. Dean realizes he’s still holding Cas’ hand, and by the peculiar expressions on both his and Meg’s faces, has been doing so for way longer than is appropriate.
“It’s okay.” Cas exhales softly, body curled in on itself. He still won’t look Dean in the eye and that pains him. “I… well,” Cas mumbles, ducking his head to hide his face. “I was frustrated and took it out on you. So, for what it’s worth, I apologize.”
Her eyes dart between him and Castiel a couple of times, putting the pieces together before a devilish grin spreads across her round face. The competition is on, and now they both know it.
“Yes. At the Eden Lodge.”
“Then you’re going to stay just like this and ride that cock as if it were mine. Do you understand?”
“Yes,” he says seriously.
“How you doin’, brotha?” Benny says, pulling away with a grin.
“Oh come on, kiddo. You know you’ve never been able to put one over on me.” She taps her temple and winks. Fucking psychics. He’s sure it’s just a bunch of mumbo jumbo, but if he’s honest, yeah, she’s eerily perceptive and it has always creeped him the hell out.
. He takes a short video instead, first putting his stretched and puffy pink hole on full display, ass and legs taut and trembling. Then brings the phone around to his front so Cas can see his entire body’s flushed and gleaming, hair an outright mess, cock red and pulsing and leaking all over his panties. Dean’s irises are overtaken by black, cheeks tinged dark pink and stained with tears he didn’t even know he’d been crying. He looks positively
Now that Dean thinks about it, it’s a lot to give up for a house in a town filled with strangers, a small one no less. Things here have gotta be a helluva lot different from what he’s used to, but he’s never once complained, and he seems genuinely happier here.
“Hasn’t that ship sailed?”
Dean nuzzles the crease of Cas’ thigh, inhaling the heady scent of him. Crisp, clean, yet earthy and musky in a way that burrows into his memory, making a permanent home. He wants to wrap himself in it like a fucking
“Shit, Cas—”
His stomach flutters, the toes in his leather boots curl in anticipation. He lets out a breath and turns the key. Listens to his baby purr to life, echoing in the vast, beautiful silence.
Heart pounding in his chest, he fights the temptation to touch himself through the delicate material because Cas hasn’t told him to yet and he wants to be
“Yo, man, what’s up?”
see.” He emphasizes his point with an exaggerated shudder.
Now it's out there. He finally said it, and he's shaking, terrified, but so
intentional; he’s a master of burying the things he’d rather not shine a light upon. Shoving them down, down, into the dark places where he can ignore them, however temporarily because they fester regardless. It’s something he’s working on. Has been for a long damn time, reluctantly.
“I thought you'd never ask.”
“I can’t be in this with you,” she says, soft and honest and so goddamn heartbreaking. “I’m sorry.”
Even though he knew seeing Dean again was a possibility, he did not expect him to show up at
“Dean—hold on.” He catches the other man’s wrists in a tight grip and pulls them away. Dean whines and rocks against Castiel again, eliciting a sharp hiss as a bolt of pleasure shoots through him. “Inside. Let’s-let’s go inside.”
His lips part, but sound sticks in his throat. He worries that perhaps he’s overstepped, but when Dean turns his whole body around to look at him, his face is flushed all the way to the tips of his ears and his expression is almost… shy? Yet again, Dean Winchester surprises him. Within seconds, though, the bashful look evaporates into a cocky smirk that doesn’t quite reach his eyes. Dean shrugs one shoulder.
“With the girls. They are ‘hanging out’.”
“All embarrassing things, I’m sure.” Sam chuckles as he shakes Cas’ hand, obviously taking stock of the man, and Dean notes his brother’s grip is unnecessarily tight.
Wearing a thin, baggy pastel-blue linen tunic and matching pants from Banes’ Boutique, Max and Alicia’s hippie consignment store, Cas looks like the fifth Beatle during their acid phase. He fluidly shifts into a new pose. Standing straight, his forearms twist vertically in front of his chest as he lifts a foot, tucks it around the back of his calf, and sinks into some kinda squat. Dean can see the muscles of his thighs strain in this position, the striations of his back and shoulders flexing while he balances there on one foot.
Rubbing his sore, heavy eyes, he turns the corner into the long, dim hallway beneath a solitary fluorescent bulb. It casts an eerie glow over the faded ivy paint, sputtering and flickering as though just to spite him. Castiel stumbles forward, briefcase bumping against his thigh, and digs into the pocket of his damp trench coat for the keys.
“Found it!”
Dean groans, forehead dropping to Castiel’s for a brief second before he extricates himself from his grasp and strides purposefully toward the front door. Castiel exhales in a rush, only now realizing he’d been holding his breath. They haven’t spoken about last night. Part of him fears if they do, this physical development to their friendship will cease, so he doesn’t press the matter.
Sam and the man Castiel assumes to be Benny step out of a truck bearing the same logo as Dean's. He's a vaguely familiar, broad man in a charcoal tweed newsboy cap, about Castiel's own height but seeming larger for his bulk. All hefty muscle and a swagger in his step that screams confidence and charm. As he approaches, Castiel notes piercing yet soulful sky-blue eyes, twinkling with amusement above a lopsided smirk.
“Oh. Cool. Well uh, it was nice to meet you, Cas.”
Dean groans again. The world dims, darkness creeping up around him, cold and sticky. He can’t feel his legs anymore and he slumps, fatigued. Cas bears all of his weight, of course he does, he'd never let Dean fall.
He remembered, and not only did Cas remember, but he—God, he’s just perfect. He’s perfect, and Dean never wants another birthday spent without him. He wants to retire, take Cas to the beach, get a little house to fix up somewhere, maybe a dog. He wants to give Cas the world, wants to wake up next to his newly-human, caffeine-addicted, grumpy and permanently bead-headed ass every single day for the rest of his life and never let him go.
“I capisce.” Grinning brightly, he pulls her into a warm embrace and mumbles, “Thank you.”
He’d tried. He’d worked. Day in, day out, for the better part of a decade. And still, it had never been enough. Not for Michael, not for their father. Not for Castiel. He’ll always be the odd one out, that spanner in the wheel of their well-oiled machine. He’ll never quite
Whining with the need to taste the little bead of precome glistening at its tip, Dean licks his lips and murmurs, “Shit, Cas, you look so fucking good. I want to suck you so bad. Wanna feel you.”
old. Witnessed the formation of the universe, commanded heavenly armies, razed Hell to save
A distant sound echoes across the hushed diner as the jukebox shifts tracks.
It’s unfair for anyone to look so gorgeous and refreshed at this hour, particularly after a night of pizza and liquor. Clean-shaven, hair perfectly teased, bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. Not to mention the rest of him… Dean looks good in everything, but the faded, timeworn Led Zeppelin t-shirt stretched tightly across his chest beneath an open burgundy button-up might be his favorite look yet.
Dean shakes it off, rolling the stiffness out of his shoulders, and climbs out of the car.
A silent minute passes. Something twists within him, a flicker of uncertainty. “Was…” He hesitates, glancing at Dean. “Was that alright?” Sure, he’s never had complaints from past partners, but this… this is different. It means more.
“Yeah, but it’s… it’s not like that. We made this deal over the house—”
“Oh. Right.”
A flush of pink creeps up Castiel’s neck and his expression cracks, opens up with a brilliant, toothy smile, so big his eyes wrinkle in the corners. A real, genuine grin. Like sunshine parting through the clouds on a rainy day, Dean doesn’t think he’s ever seen anything so radiant.
Dean’s eyes narrow, the lines bracketing his mouth deepening into a frown. Castiel thinks he sees a flash of disappointment there, but can’t ascertain why. “I didn’t say I have no conditions,” he mumbles.
The starry sky’s black as pitch above between the sparkling distant constellations, but Dean’s got all the light he needs from the ethereal silver-blue glow of the moon and sharp yellow glare of Baby’s headlights. Windows down, the only sound for miles chirping cicadas and rustling leaves, the aroma of petrichor and tar thick in the air, rock on the tape deck. This is all he needs, right here.
“Fine,” he reluctantly agrees. “If you insist.”
“‘M good, Cas. Real good.”
Smirking, Cas turns to him, holding Dean’s half-empty tube of Astroglide and a condom. He shakes the bottle, one eyebrow cocked, and tilts his head toward the drawer. “I see you’ve been keeping busy.”
He calls Benny, who’s not only Dean’s friend but also his business manager, to let him know Dean’s taking the week off. Though they’d been warned away to prevent spreading the flu around, Cas texts his family daily updates and Ellen drops off some homemade chicken noodle and pecan pie one morning while Dean’s sleeping in.
if Cas only knew about the dildo in the bathroom, too. The words die on his tongue though and all he can do is nod.
So he does, following his angel’s instructions to the letter. It’s a delicious torment, each soft caress ramping up his heart rate that much more, bringing a heaviness to each breath that makes his chest ache.
Over Castiel’s shoulder, he sees Sam walking toward them and groans, “Fuck,” under his breath. He pulls his hand away, taking a step back from Cas just in time for his brother to clap him on the shoulder.
“Don’t mention it, buddy.” He clears his throat. “So uh, how about a real drink? I was sorta saving it for after the pizza.”
Castiel stares at Dean’s profile, surprised.
“You want to
“...No, not exactly.”
“Is this who I think it is?”
Sam and Jack trail behind him as he throws open the garage door, his mouth immediately watering because the most
“Hmm?” Dean tears his eyes away from Cas, finds Sam has followed his gaze, and awkwardly clears his throat. “How’s what going?”
He rubs the nape of his neck right as Krissy brushes past him with a broom. Backing up another step to give her space, he glances around the diner and doesn’t miss the stares he gets in return. Jo’s smirking from her center table, eyes all lit up. Even Benny’s got a big dumb grin, with Garth beside him in the corner booth looking back and forth, smiling awkwardly like he’s missing out on the joke but desperate to play along. To make matters worse, Meg’s got her elbows on the countertop and is obviously checking the new guy out, head to toe, biting her lip. Dean glares at her before turning back to him and jerking a thumb over his shoulder.
for looking over this chapter for me. For their endless support and validation, I am eternally grateful.
“Most don’t care. Ash here is straight, but I’m bi, and Andy’s pan.”
Cas breaks away then, and Dean regrets the loss of his warmth but follows now that his body is somewhat back under control. His angel fumbles around in a drawer and pulls out a lighter, grinning brightly. He scoops up the pie and deposits it on the table, waving the two of them over. But he pauses before lighting the candle, eyes closed, hovering at the table’s end while Dean and Sam take their places opposite one another on the bench seats. Seconds later, Jack appears behind Cas, a questioning look on his face until his gaze drops to the table. Then the excited puppy look is back in full force.
(Cas noticed the medical drama-slash-soap opera in Dean’s Netflix queue Sunday night, and, to Dean’s immense joy and amusement, is also a fan.)
He closes his eyes, allowing the white noise to coax him to sleep once more, and that’s when he hears—
To say Castiel is shocked would be a
It’s the weekend; Dean’s chore day. He’s done his rounds on the tractor they found stashed in the unattached garage (which he’s started parking Baby in most days and has enough space for three more vehicles even with all the equipment in there. He’s sorely tempted to convert the building into a mechanic’s dream, but that project is gonna have to wait), tended to the acreage that isn’t heavily forested, and is now chugging an ice-cold beer in the kitchen with a full view of Cas doing yoga.
“Yeah well, feels like ya been teasing me all damn night.”
Blinking slowly at him like a drugged owl, Cas hooks a thumb over his shoulder and murmurs, “I should—”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas greets, hand raised in an awkward wave.
Smiling at the thought, he parks himself against the edge of the stainless steel island in the kitchen, listening to the hum of electricity and machinery keeping the bunker running with a beer in hand and his own special person on his mind.
“Dean, I don’t understand why it matters.”
Cas’ eyebrows scrunch together with concern. His long fingers, now resting on the table just inches from Dean’s, twitch. “Oh, Dean,” he murmurs, oddly soft for such a deep, rumbling voice, “I’m sorry.”
Castiel now knows the second he laid a hand on Dean, he was lost.
. He feels his own cock drip between his legs and rocks down, seeking blessed friction.
of all people, or finds out he's been taking the ugly gold Lincoln Continental Mark V her old man sold him to “hang out”
Hissing through his teeth, he massages the spot and replies, “‘m fine,” to Cas with a pained grimace while digging through the drawer. This kinda shit hasn’t happened since he hit puberty, and now it’s become a multiple-times-daily occurrence.
“Just Tamiflu.” Tami-what-now? Jesus.
“Off,” he grunts, hands moving down to fumble with the buttons. Cas chuckles but abides, leaning back just far enough to assist till Dean can shove it from his shoulders. It pools on the floor at their feet, followed shortly after by the undershirt, where he hopes the rest of their clothes will soon join.
It was a little weird at first, having the dude fold his underwear once a week, but it’s never been Dean’s favorite chore so it didn’t take much for him to cave.
From day one, Cas made it perfectly clear that no matter what, Dean still has the final say, total control, yet submitting to Cas provides Dean with a sense of freedom unlike any other.
Taking another shaky breath, Dean steels himself before whispering, “Thank you.” He's got this.
With that, she’s gone.
As though reading his mind, Dean looks over his shoulder again, says, “Ain’t gonna hurt me Cas,” and bites his lip. Then he bucks back and
Dean laughs. “Awesome. Well, come on in. Sammy, you know where the kitchen is, so make yourselves at home. I think I see someone pulling in.”
Legs numb and tingling from the lack of circulation, knees protesting, he whimpers but complies, eager to play out Castiel’s fantasy in whatever way he demands.
In his mind, Cas slots between his legs and Dean feels him through those sinfully tight slacks, proof that Cas wants this too, he wants Dean, and Cas tells him he’s good,
Tugging open a locker, Cas pulls out a backpack, fishing around for a minute before slipping a new shirt over his head. While disappointing to watch all the skin disappear behind a curtain of cloth once more, it’s for the best, because the last thing Dean needs right now is an inappropriate hard-on.
because Dean positively
rather have a mouthful of Cas’ fat cock any day. Preferably
One episode and several beers later, Cas says he’s going to feed Claire and change, bemoaning the evils of summer and current odor accumulated by his (and technically Dean’s) clothing as a result.
They’ve rocked the boat their share, but never anything more serious than tension relief. She’s older, experienced, and a real tiger in the sack, and he’d be lying if he said the memory alone didn’t pique his interest. Give him a break, it’s been
“Psssh—Sam, easy. Trust me, you never lived with the kid. Takes longer than a chick.”
“What were you going to ask me earlier, Dean?” Cas says, staring at his hands in his lap.
Dean swallows thickly, eyes darting up to catch the back end of Cas’ smirk as he nudges past him and into the hall. “Th-there’s, uh, p-pizza downstairs,” he stammers, watching Cas pad barefoot over the hardwood.
“Yo! What’s up, my man!” he slurs, sounding stoned. Or drunk. Possibly both, judging by his heavy-lidded red eyes and mile-long stare.
How could he have not known? In that moment, or all those preceding it, that Dean felt the same longing that rages like an inferno within Castiel? His eyes brim with tears, the brunt of that realization hitting him with full force as he stands alone in the kitchen, lips twitching with a smile.
That backfires quickly, though, when Dean realizes where he is and the memory of the other night hits him like a ton of bricks.
? It’s beyond ridiculous, and it should be humiliating because Dean’s always been smooth as fuck, right? But he can’t even bring himself to care since it’s hitting him all at once in a wild rush that he’s just so damn
“Boston,” he replies, smiling sheepishly. He takes another hit, staring down at the rolled paper between his forefinger and thumb as he flicks the ashes onto the step below his feet to reveal the cherry-red flare where it's lit. “You know, I haven’t done this since college. I’m surprised the local law enforcement is so blasé about it.”
He can relate to that. “Sounds like we have more in common than I thought.”
Thankfully, he brought it up to Jo separately during one of her shifts at the Roadhouse. Because the first thing out of her mouth, if said in front of Ellen and Bobby, would have made Dean spontaneously combust on the spot from the sheer magnitude of his humiliation.
They all laugh. Andy says, “Jody’s known all of us since we were kids. Long as we aren’t making trouble for anyone or doing like, hard stuff, she leaves us alone. People here aren’t as uptight as you’d think, city slicker.”
Cas chuckles. “Regardless, what is your safe word?”
“Oh come on!” Charlie exclaims.
“Stay with me?” Dean murmurs.
“Are you angry with me?”
It ought to freak him out how quickly he’s adjusted to living with Cas, how comfortable he is with someone he’s known only a short time. Yet they’ve fallen into a pleasant routine together over the last few days, and he’s finding he enjoys the guy’s company more than he has anyone’s in… well, ever.
“Nnngg… no... hospital,” Dean slurs into his friend's shoulder. His head throbs, he can't catch his breath.
And he hates himself for it.
Castiel relishes the scrape of stubble against his lips, the shiver that runs through Dean, the lascivious groan which escapes when he laves the bruising flesh with his tongue. On autopilot, he bucks into the writhing body in his lap and Dean responds in kind, setting a dirty grind as they both chase the friction they crave. But that voice still nags at the back of his mind, one that reminds him they're moving too fast, that there are things left unspoken and it wouldn't be right to go on without ensuring Dean is of sound mind and this is truly what he wants.
Seconds later, Cas follows with a shout of his name and Dean hums, sated and content, muffled where his mouth is smashed into the blanket right beside the phone. They remain like that for minutes, hours, he can’t tell, just listening to each other breathing. Warmth unfurls within his chest. He feels light, so light, body weightless and numb, drifting upon clouds when he realizes Cas has been repeating a question.
It's 7:47 am and Dean's still packing. “I still can’t believe you put off flying to your own brother's wedding till the day before it actually happens,” Charlie scolds, for the hundredth millionth time, as Dean throws a pair of jeans into his duffel.
“Dean you’re nothing like your father,” Castiel says fiercely, Dean blinks at the anger in his voice. “What your dad did that was for him. What you did, the deal you made that was for Claire. You’re a great guardian Dean. I never doubted that. I’m the one who messed up. I know I did and the only reason I haven't ended the deal already is because I wanted to offer you the choice first.”
"It's okay, I already saw Tom Cruise's place." The guy scratches his bottom lip, looking down at Castiel. His eyes lingering on how Castiel’s pants stretch over his bulge. He licks his lips.
“Who’s her representative?”
“What about me?”
If it wasn’t obvious Cas can tell what Dean means through Flowers here’s all the meanings:
Dean laughs bumping his shoulder against Castiel's, "Oh yeah, he's a real sweetheart."
“Dean whatever you assume, I assure you I don't have their contract. You can't fight for their honour with me,” Castiel says, taking a bite of his steak. He sounds casual about the whole thing, but there's an edge to his voice. It's almost like how he spoke yesterday. Dean is so, so screwed.
“I own thirty-four knives,” Jo says with obvious glee, Castiel looks very pale. “Can I get you, fellas, anything?” She asks, dropping Castiel 's hand.
Castiel pulls back, wrinkling his nose. "Eat you! Why would I eat you? Do you know how many bones humans have? I think that would be rather unpleasant."
Castiel sighs too. He doesn't look any happier than Dean does. "If you’re going to testify, I should call Meg. She’ll help prep you for the stand. You should go home and rest before meeting her tomorrow morning."
“Why do you want it?”
“What did you mean when you said Claire warned you about me,” Dean asks as they step into Castiel’s office. Like the reception, it's dark and lavish, a clear step up from Dean's cubicle.
Castiel moans at the pet name, his hands gripping Deans wings tight pulling him back onto his cock. Dean whines, scrabbling at the sheets, a stream of curses pouring out of his mouth as Castiel pounds into him. Using his grip on his wings, Castiel pulls Dean upright, spearing him with his cock. Deans back pressed up against his chest. Dean grins, grabbing his horns as Castiel wraps his hand around Deans cock.
"Yes," Cas says, settling against Deans side. "You were almost always praising its qualities. I figured I should see what all the fuss is about."
Castiel glares at him. “Was that really necessary?”
"It’s not for no reason," Dean says, before realizing what he's admitting to. "I mean - ah - you've got to get that roof fixed man. That’s why I'm working so hard. There’s no need to be such a dick. I'm just trying to help you out."
Castiel moans. “Just this,” he says, turned on beyond belief from Dean coming apart under him. Dean jacks him off eagerly. Grip tight as he kisses Castiel's cheek, his chest, takes one of his nipples into his mouth while Castiel groans and clings to his back. He pants and gasps with each movement of Dean's hand. Dean starts slicking precome along Castiel’s cock as he mutters sweet words and phrases into Castiel's ear; about how brave he was at the grave, how hot he looked in his uniform, and now, between Dean's legs. Until Castiel just has to kiss him. Again and again, until the band inside him snaps and he comes, dizzy and hot in the space between them, Dean's name spilling out of his mouth. Dean kisses his forehead, then collapses back against the pillow with a laugh.
Sam stumbles over, throwing his arm around both of them to pull them into a tight hug. "Okay, so now we really need pancakes to celebrate," Sam says just as the room becomes consumed in darkness.
“Sam, have you seen the length of your hair? I’ve got plenty to make fun of.”
The only person Castiel seems to relax around is his business partner, a demon named Meg. Her horns are white, curving like a ram into her dark curls. She wears leather blazers and suits so sharp she could cut him with the fabric. With the way she looks at him, Dean's pretty sure she’d like to burn him alive. Dean terrified of her in a way he hasn't been around any woman since he was sixteen. Castiel seems to think she's hilarious. The first time Dean hears him laugh is when she’s around. His throaty chuckle echoing off the office walls. He's pretty sure they're laughing at him.
Dean closes his eyes and steps back from the tree. Starting at the small hole he left in the pines centre. Dean looks up at the sky instead of turning to face Cas. He doesn't know what other dumb stuff he'll admit to if he looks at the guy.
“For any deal to be made I need to be approached. Claire came to me first and as she pointed out to me this is her life. She gets to decide what she's doing with it.”
"Fine, alright, fine, you win." Green eyes say swallowing heavily. Castiel turns around, leaning down again with a warm smile. The man frowns. "Have you got change for a twenty?”
“Sam.”
Neither of them dares to bring up their night together. But the tension remains between them. Dean will let his gaze linger too long on Cas’s mouth. Castiel will lose time staring at Dean from across the room. They probably would have wound up in bed again if Meg wasn’t constantly between them.
Dean laughs, “No, that's just me being stupid.”
Castiel knew Dean had money, buts it not until he steps into the penthouse that he realizes how much. The place could fit Castiel’s apartment inside it and have space for Seraphim’s pool room as well. The walls are white with detailed crown moulding that he knows cost's a pretty penny. The furniture is dark in contrast, wingback chairs, a desk and full-screen TV. He can already see rooms branching off from this one. Which means this place has more rooms than his apartment as well.
"I didn't come back because I was scared Cas!" Dean yells, his own pain suddenly overwhelming him. All this time Cas thought that Dean never wanted him? How could he be that stupid?
He found out later that his mother and grandfather never got along. The first and last time Dean ever saw the old man was at Mary Winchester's funeral. He never spoke to them and avoided Dean’s dad like he was getting paid to do it. So it was definitely a surprise when a lawyer had tracked Dean down to Chicago, a frown on his face and the deeds to the family homestead in his briefcase.
Dean rolls his eyes, “I bet that's all talk. The one time we met he seemed like a blowhard.”
“What?” Dean blinks, his voice rising in pitch. He was expecting Castiel to chew him out for yesterday not to talk about his fucking dog.
Cas sighs bitterly. “I used to be a seeker in Quidditch. Our house, Slytherin, was playing against Eileen's team, Gryffindor, and it was her first match.”
"Yeah well there should have been no way for Fergus Crowley to give up that trading ring, but you got that info and left him crying over his mommy issues, so…” Kevin shrugs as he passes Dean over a condom packet. "I guess we'll see what happens."
a string of ignoring calls. “No man I can’t he left - he fucked us over," Dean says instead, trying to find the anger in him that made him say what he said that day. It feels more like nausea. "Calling him will
What makes it worse is, Claire won't even speak to him. She screens his calls, ignores his texts. She even sent Jody to tell him that she needs some space since Dean broke her trust. The thought niggles at him, he almost feels bad for not letting Claire make her own choices. But then he remembers his exhaustion and knows that while it's hell on him for a kid it would be much worse. It's that thought that allows him to sleep at night.
Dean's eyes widen. “- No C’ mon Charlie I didn't even tell you that. I’m not telling fucking Castiel Gladius.”
Grabbing Cas's arm, Dean sinks back against the pillows, pulling Cas on top of him. The brim of his hat bumps against Dean's head. Cas pulls back from the kiss to pull it off, and Dean can't decide if he's more disappointed that the hat is gone or that the kissing has stopped, but he doesn't care that much. Not when he can mouth along Cas's jaw, scraping his teeth against the grain of his stubble. Cas shivers, searching for Dean’s mouth to kiss him harder, pushing him against the mattress as he strokes his hand down Dean’s face. He cups his jaw, before pulling back again. "I'm glad you're here," Cas says into the space between them.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel is giving it as good as he's taking it. Slamming up into Dean just right, breathily praising him in Russian as he digs his nails into Deans hips. Dean groans, bending further at the waist so he can use the headboard as leverage, fucking himself harder down on Castiel’s cock. Castiel retaliates by grabbing Deans dick, sweat and precome slicking the way. Dean starts making these fucked out little noises, and he knows he's close, he tries to fight it. He really does. But Castiel twists just right and that's it. Deans coming hard enough his vision whites out. Castiel following him soon after. Moaning loudly in his victory.
"Bobby," Cas says, smirking at whatever expression Deans got on his face.
“Yeah, Yeah.” Dean mutters, flushing slightly,  “shut up and move it, Deputy.”
almost perfectly.
“No,” Dean says firmly, he's seen one too many deals gone bad to ever consider this. “No way in hell am I making some fucking deal.”
Sighing Dean bites the bullet. “One of my clients made a deal.”
"Ah," Castiel says like the thought never occurred to him. "Of course. You did this during the last illness as well if I recall correctly. Although you seemed to emerge rather quickly the last time. Is this one like the Plagues of Egypt? I remember them being quite taxing."
Crowley smiles, his dark tail twirling as he paces. He reminds Dean of a tiger in a cage. “So, in your professional opinion Doctor. Do you think that the public school system would be able to produce a successful leader?”
Dean raises his eyebrow. “What's that supposed to mean? You were always destined to save the world, by being exactly what you are now”
Pulling into his driveway, Castiel radio’s Nancy to tell her he's home and safe, and that he’ll bring the car back when he goes in for his shift in the morning. Nancy tells him it's fine just as Dean's car pulls in behind his. Putting the radio down, Castiel gets out and looks at Dean, as he does the same. He’s cleaned his face in the car but there's still dirt on his clothes. Fresh blood drips down his cheek. “Don't freak out,” he says preemptively.
She shoots him a knowing look, which he pointedly ignores because now he’s thinking,
“You’re incredible,” he blurts. Then feels himself blush, embarrassed by the outburst. "What you do for the people here, I mean. It's amazing."
“And what, praytell, is more important in that little hick town than your
Minutes later they’re clambering clumsily up the front steps, laughing, shoulders bumping. As they fling the door open and stumble across the threshold, almost tripping over one another, Castiel feels lighter than he ever has before.
Gut-deep under the hood of a 2002 Toyota Corolla, Dean hums under his breath along to Styx pouring from his earbuds while he works. With spring approaching and the adrenaline of a busy afternoon flowing through him, he’s stripped the top half of his coveralls, leaving the sleeves tied around his waist.
“Gimme the—damn it, Cas, gimme the thing!”
“I know what you’re thinkin' and she’s fine. Had Joanna drive her home while you were dead to the world. But don’t you try to change the subject,” she says, wagging a finger at him. “I haven’t seen you like that since—”
When the credits finally roll, Dean’s slumped over in the bed, head lolled onto Castiel's shoulder, chest slowly falling and rising with the heaviness of sleep. Even if he had the wherewithal or stamina to carry all six-some-odd feet of him downstairs to the couch, a situation which he still had positively not agreed to, Castiel’s motivation now is severely lacking.
That said, now that Sam’s graduated and moved back to the area with fiance in tow, Dean’s realizing maybe he’s put his own needs, and wants, on the back burner long enough.
The damp hair at his crown brush Dean’s nose, fluttering gently when he lets out a sigh and breathes in the familiar clean, earthy scent he’s become so addicted to. He regrets having worn a shirt again tonight, wishing he could feel more skin against his, but this isn’t about him. This moment is all for Cas.
“Uh… hello?” He rings the bell on the counter. From the room on the other side, he hears a loud crash followed quickly by a pained, muffled grunt.
Dean’s disappointed when he doesn’t see Cas at the Gas-N-Sip the following workday. He moves through it listlessly, mood immediately dampened and thoughts muddied.
One arm wraps under Dean’s arm and around his chest, hand tilting his jaw because Castiel
he realizes. Still, he swipes toward the green checkmark on the screen and lifts it to his ear.
“You’re still—sorry”—Dean’s eyes flit to his mouth before darting away—“Ash called me a while ago. He, uh, said the A/C is broken?”
Sam leans against the counter, ankles crossed. “I’m sure it is, man. I’m surprised Dean hasn’t dug into it yet.”
“Really?”
Running a hand along the length of Dean’s flank, he lubes himself up with the other and settles behind him, holding the base of his cock and letting the head catch and tease at Dean’s rim. Castiel eases carefully inside in one slow, smooth motion, keeping a firm grip on his hip to prevent him from pushing back just yet and fuck,
take those!” The bags are snatched from his fingers before he can reply by his hulking giant of a brother who somehow snuck up on him, and he answers Dean's scowl with smugly pursed lips.
His breath catches in his throat, Michael's cold, callous monotone hitting him with the velocity of a speeding train. His brother keeps talking on the other end of the line, conveying either some demand or vague instruction, but his voice fades, becoming tinny and distant beneath the rapid, heavy
A memory long-buried flashes through Castiel’s mind. It was his final year of boarding school; he’d made a close friend there, one he’d begun developing interest in. When a classmate took notice and made an offhand joke, much like this one now, about the two possibly “hooking up”, Bartholemew responded defensively and with obvious revulsion. The friendship dissolved quickly after that, as his friend became distant and the two grew apart. After graduation, Castiel never saw him again, and he put the whole thing behind him—or so he thought.
Sam continues, “What’s going on? You guys okay?”
It’s with that ominous start that Dean drags himself through the monotony of his morning ablutions. He takes a piss, brushes his teeth, runs some pomade through his hair, and swipes on a thick layer of deodorant. After throwing a plaid shirt on over a threadbare AC/DC tee, shimmying into a pair of faded-at-the-knee jeans, and tugging his steel-toes over socked feet, he grabs his favorite snapback, an army-green canvas jacket, and heads out the door with plenty of time left to make one stop before work.
Room three has much the same decor as the lobby, but it's clean and almost cozy. Not like he's accustomed to living in the lap of luxury, either way. Castiel lets Claire out of her crate and gives her some food and water, then sits on the bed with an exhausted sigh and pulls out his phone. It’s only six in the evening, but jet-lagged and irritated as he is, he already wants to lie down for the night. One missed call from Gabriel, he notes. No energy for that.
“What?” He shrugs, looking at Sam and Jess. “You’re both fresh from college, and in California, no less. I assume you have at least tried it.”
“Thank you. You’ve made me very happy.”
Cas’ eyes shine up at him beneath dark lashes, not quite sated yet but happy, so clearly happy, and it takes all Dean’s willpower to step back and give them both at least an inch of space, if only for a moment.
to talk about it. I told you before, man, I’m not good at this shit.”
Dean grumbles. He doesn’t know if he can move or that he wants to but is alert enough to surmise Cas isn’t asking so much as telling. “‘Kay...”
The days that follow are equal parts awesome and frustrating. Awesome because he’s never been pampered like this a day in his life, and frustrating for… pretty much the same reason. Dean tries to convince Cas to leave or at least sleep on the couch so he doesn’t get sick, to no avail. Dude
“You are
More than once, he’s caught Dean staring at him when he thinks Castiel’s not looking. At first, he figured it was possible said staring had nothing to do with Dean finding his physical appearance enticing. For all he knew, he could be little more than an interesting specimen to Dean, no different from a butterfly pinned to a corkboard. Relying on “gaydar”, as Balthazar calls it, is dubious at best and dangerous at worst, so Castiel’s always erred on the side of caution. And even then, if his suspicion proved correct, there would still be the issue of whether or not Dean is out. The intense machismo the man exhibits, what with the clothing and muscle car and attitude, screams overcompensation and performative masculinity.
In anticipation for the party, they spent the latter half of that Wednesday painting downstairs. A job which Castiel finished on Thursday, much to Dean’s awe and surprise when he came back from work. Already, it looks like a new house, and with the amount of work the two of them are putting into it, it’s beginning to feel like
“No, no,
“Indeed.” Cas nods eagerly. “Dean told me all about your full ride to Stanford. Said you recently passed the bar and have gotten engaged, as well. He is very proud of you.”
Dean’s eyes are glossy and unseeing, dreamlike. It takes a moment before he’s able to focus on Castiel, to compose himself enough to slur, “Help me up? Can’t…” he trails off with an exhausted little laugh.
He concedes, sliding his index finger inside, down to the knuckle. Dean’s blush deepens when he raises an eyebrow. “Dean,” he says, tone low and thick because he meets less resistance than expected, “did you prepare yourself for me?”
Cas ducks his head, looking at himself with a little frown, and
His brother scoffs. “Work, yeah. At the job you hate. They gotta give you some time off, it’s Dad’s company! Just take a few days, check the place out. If it looks okay, maybe we sell it. Or fix it up and keep it. Pass it down to your future kids, I don’t know. Honestly, Cassie, it’s yours, I don’t want or need it and anything has to be better than that shithole you call an apartment.”
Aaron leans toward him and asks, “Where are you from?”
They stare, and the minute drags on. Dean swallows, eyes flitting down to Castiel’s lips. The pupils grow wide and dark when his tongue slips between them. “We get naked, I hope,” Dean mumbles, still watching his mouth. It grows, becomes a grin.
It’s been
“So it’s as Gabriel told me,” Michael replies, voice dripping with disdain. “You’re still in South Dakota.”
He makes a sour face. “Ugh, not that herbal crap.”
of his realigning vertebrae echoes in the empty space, a leisurely groan following soon behind. Dropping his arms, Castiel yawns and scratches his lower belly, unintentionally grazing his erection and a heady, thrilling pulse of pleasure vibrates through him.
He’s overwhelmed,
“That sounds nice, Dean. Why don’t you bring the food up while I”—he gestures to his body—“get dressed.”
washes over him, even though he knows he hasn’t.
Jack follows like an eager little puppy, and Dean can’t help throwing an arm around his shoulders and tousling his soft, golden hair. As they both round the corner into the library, he hears frantic, hushed whispers from the kitchen and his ears perk up. Not like he needs to spy or anything, but he slows his steps anyway out of curiosity, holding Jack close to his side so the boy doesn’t give them away.
taste it in the air.
Anyone who’s seen the before and after can tell, clear as day, that he’s happier. Dean only wishes he were so content.
him,” Dean grumbles pathetically. “We work next door to each other.”
Rivulets of sweat run down his brow, temples. Damp heat curls the hair around Cas’ ears and nape, though he tries not to look to closely at that. Or the way clothes stick wetly to the curve and shape of him. Dean pushes his own hair off his forehead, frustrated, and halfway through the day peels off his shirt.
“First of all? Fuck you, Bradbury, because now that earworm from hell is gonna torture me the rest of the day,” he says, playful tone taking the bite out of his words. “Second, isn’t that still pretty presumptuous?”
“My apologies,” the guy says, bowing his head. “I was not paying attention.”
An embarrassing gurgle from the region above his belt prompts him forward. Resigned, he pushes the door open. Then a little bell above it signals his entry and
No, “Hello, Castiel,” no, “how are you holding up since our father’s
She laughs. It’s a husky, sorta patronizing thing, and he’d take offense coming from anyone else, but that’s just Pam’s way. He knows she doesn’t mean anything by it. Plus, she’s earned the right to be smug.
Sam’s laugh breaks through then, body convulsing with the force of it. He’s practically wheezing by the time he stammers out, “Yeah, good one Dean.”
Dean pulls away, one hand settling upon Cas’ shoulder, the other tilting his chin so their eyes meet. He needs Cas not just to hear him, but to
? What are you—”
“Dude, no. It’s not like that.” Castiel inches closer, watching Dean listen to the muffled voice on the other end of the line as he removes the nozzle from the filler neck and refits it into place beside the pump. “Fine. Don’t make it weird, though,” Dean says shortly, pinching the bridge of his nose between forefinger and thumb. He shakes his head. “Yeah, yeah. See ya. Bitch.”
Their bodies are inches apart, the heat emanating from both of them near sweltering, so close if Dean took a deep breath their chests would brush and when Cas finally speaks again it's in a steady, careful, low smolder.
Filing that information away for later, he angles Dean’s head. Licks along the hem of his lips until they open, eager and wanting, tongues sliding together around their mutual sounds of pleasure. He slots a thigh between Dean’s legs, a shiver vibrating down his spine at the sensation of Dean’s plumping cock upon every sinful roll of his narrow hips. His own responds in kind, beginning to strain uncomfortably in his slacks as Dean pants into his mouth, each breath coming harsher than the last until Castiel forces himself to pull away for air.
Perhaps it’s the combination of alcohol and marijuana in his system, but curiosity gets the better of him and he finally asks, “What about… is the community accepting of, you know...” he trails off, unsure how exactly to word it.
“Sharing
, the voice in his head reminds him. Two lonely souls craving closeness, a desperate reminder that they’re not alone, that they have each other.
Dean slides him a menu, but it’s difficult to concentrate, the words blurring together as his gaze drifts between the laminated pages and Dean’s face across from him. He can’t help but be overwhelmed, both by his curiosity about Dean’s “offer” and by the mere proximity of the man. It’s no more a date than last night; just two acquaintances getting lunch. There’s a dangerous sliver of hope, however, one that makes him naively wish these meetings, and meals together, will continue. The dark cloud above it tells him there’s no point. But if he stayed, maybe—
Years of involuntary conditioning find Castiel stirring just minutes shy of his alarm, and as always, the tranquility of those few cherished minutes begs him to linger. So he waits, willing his eyes to remain closed. Breathing, listening, the edges of his consciousness grasping at residual tendrils of a dream he’s already forgetting.
Cas has nowhere to sleep.
he thinks moodily.
“Hey,” Cas says. Dean turns to find him
He licks his lips, letting a hand work down to surround himself, just a taste. A tease. He thickens further in his palm, a tingle reverberating through the base of his spine.
Droplets pool in the hollow of Cas’ gold-tanned throat before winding a path down his broad chest, past a—
“Uh… nothing, kid. C’mon. Let’s go find Cas.”
“Would you… I dunno, maybe—”
Being sick is the literal worst, and Cas is a real pain in the ass—strict as a schoolmarm and just as scary—but even Dean has to admit, everything else is pretty nice.
Groaning, he steps back from the stream and drags the soap across his chest, over his arms, and rubs it into a thick lather between his hands before setting it back in the crevice built into the tile. Nails flick teasingly over his nipples, pinching and pulling. Rough palms skirt along his torso, down his narrow hips.
The sun filtering through the cheap horizontal plastic blinds on the window behind him wanes as the sky steadily shifts from hazy blue to hues of pink and orange. His neck and back are stiff and sore, and the pit that formed in his stomach long ago now rumbles angrily, reminding him that he’d skipped lunch. Slowly, he lifts his head, eyes meandering to the desk.
Cas appears seemingly from nowhere, hooks his arms beneath Dean’s, and heaves him up, holding him close to his chest. “That’s it, I’m taking you to the hospital.”
It struck him from the first day he went with Bobby to work on it—he must have been about sixteen at the time. He and Sam had been put to work cleaning inside while Bobby took the tractor around to mow, but Dean probably wasted half the day wandering around and daydreaming. It felt wrong, letting something so unassumingly charming and beautiful sit abandoned, left to rot. Just a shell of what it could be.
Lust... lust Castiel can deal with. He understands it. These other feelings Dean brings up, however, are perilous in their novelty. He’s treading water here, barely keeping his head above the surface, exhaustion seeping into his limbs and lungs. Then the memories of Dean looking at him with those sparkling eyes and roguish grin arise, and clutching white-knuckled fingers in the pillow beside his cheek is all he can do to stay tethered, focused, present.
“Need some hair of the dog?”
, to reach up, pull it free with his thumb. Wants to know if it’s as soft and plush as it looks, how it would feel against his own lips, if Cas would taste as lovely as he always smells. Instead, Dean croaks hoarsely, “Wh-what?”
A soft sigh.
Although enormous, even his social battery runs out of juice after a while and needs to recharge.
Cas heaves a sigh. “If I leave early in the morning, I can make it back to the bunker by 6:30 or 7 p.m. tomorrow.” He pauses. Then his voice drops even lower. Tinny though it is through the phone, it’s a familiar tone, one that brooks no arguments and compels Dean to listen, to
close and with that knowledge, he inhales deeply, rubbing his cheek against Dean’s thigh. The ghosting of lips and tongue follow that first touch, a silent plea to his lover to
He imagines briefly that it’s Cas’ touch,
Dean smiles, despite himself, at the fondness in the other man’s tone. But the moment he tries to speak he ends up in a coughing fit that rakes over his parched throat and twists his abdominal muscles to the point of soreness.
. “I promise.”
Then the rich, honey-thick baritone attached to that lovely face murmurs, “You owe me a pie.”
Home.
“Good morning. Will this be all for you today?”
married,” Jo says, head tossing back with a laugh. Sam hides his grin poorly behind twitching lips while Jess and Charlie giggle quietly to themselves.
, he thinks, but then the thought weighs even heavier upon his shoulders. How empty would it feel, how lonely, just him and Claire and all these vacant rooms?
Dean’s only been with a few men in his life. Secret rendezvous, mostly back when he was hunting alone (well, and there was that threesome during his demon stint). But he can safely say Cas has a dick
Dean risks a furtive glance and is startled to see Cas looking forlorn, though his tone hadn’t betrayed the emotion. His gaze mile-long, unblinking and shiny. The corners of his lips are downturned and there's a heaviness around him, a reflection of the man Dean first met, so burdened and alone. Dean hates it, wants to take all that away for him, find each wound and kiss them better. They haven’t spoken much about past relationships before, or even preferences, come to think of it. Do Cas’ scars look and feel like his?
“I’m not trying to boss you around!”
Things get quiet and tense for a long minute. Cas’ fingers twitch around the bottle as his eyes flit between them above his nearly empty plate. “I’m... sensing awkwardness.”
“Can’t rush perfection, Cas.”
Dean returns his attention to the food, scooping up another few bites in quick succession, leaving Castiel more confused than when this conversation began. Rather than pursue it, he figures it’s best to pretend he heard nothing. He takes Dean’s cue and nibbles at a strip of bacon, hoping he doesn’t look as stunned and shaken as he feels.
in Cas’ gaze because
“Yes 'n' no.” Dean tips his drink back, its delicious warmth sliding over his tongue. “I was born in Lawrence, Kansas. But—“ He pauses, unsure how much he wants to reveal about himself. He’s not typically the sharing type, but he’s whiskey-happy and there’s just something about Cas that makes him easy to talk to, like Dean can trust him. That alone is weird as fuck, just different enough to worm right into his gut and compel him to listen. “My mom died when I was four,” he blurts.
Cas slides perfectly between legs spread in invitation and the moment his weight settles atop Dean’s body it’s as though the stars have aligned for how perfectly they fit together. Cas’ forearms rest on either side of Dean’s head as they trade leisurely kisses, content for now to enjoy the feeling of skin on skin, tongue against tongue, the drag of their stubble meeting, rutting lazily pelvis to pelvis. Then Cas shifts just slightly, their rapidly growing erections meet, and Dean groans into Cas’ mouth, hands sliding across his smooth back down to his round, tight ass to further guide their movements. Breaking away with a gasp, Cas kisses his way down the length of Dean’s jaw and neck to suck another mark on his collarbone.
Ah, but he should really get to those drinks, first and foremost. Something to settle both their nerves.
“Y’know...” Sam’s eyebrows rise expectantly.
Castiel makes a quiet, contented noise in his throat, appreciative of the contact. But his sweat is cooling upon his skin, sticky, and his cock has gone limp. With a sigh, he strips the condom and ties it off, throwing it somewhere over the side of the bed. Hopefully it lands in the little trash can there.
“Cas, c’mon.” He emphasizes his haste with a thrust against Cas’ body and bites his lower lip from the little bit of friction it gives. But all the infuriating asshole does is lean toward his other nipple, lavishing it with the same attention until Dean’s positively writhing.
Dean is no more patient than he, fingers still cold from outside running through Castiel’s hair, across his shoulders, down his chest and back again as though he can’t make up his mind what he wants to touch, returning each kiss like a man starved, like Castiel is his favorite flavor and he can't get enough. The rest of the world falls away as they map out each others’ mouths, the texture and shape of them and the perfect way they meld together like a key finding its lock.
That nickname again, in the voice that plagued his dreams all night… It’s immensely pleasing. Endearing, even. Despite all better judgment telling him not to indulge in this man’s company, to delight in Dean’s beguiling idiosyncrasies, he wants to hear Dean say it again and again. He wants to hear it in every tone, from breathy whispers to higher whines.
“Father is dead.”
Insects trill beyond the walls of his room, strange to ears accustomed to the daily rumble and quake of the nearby subway, honking cars, and the creaking, rattling pipes as the neighbor on the floor above runs their shower. This foreign sound is mollifying, peaceful, and sweet, lulling him through that opaque place between wakefulness and sleep. Woven among the muted noises, a voice whispers his name, repeating like the hook of a favorite song. A memory and remnant of his dream, it makes the urge to stay in this place, bide his time, that much stronger. More enticing.
Eyes flying open, his brain cycles a mile a minute as full consciousness hits with the force of an actual, physical slap to the face. It’s a weird-ass feeling waking up in your own bed, on your own sheets, but in an unfamiliar room. Fresh from a dream that, while he only recalls in bits and pieces, he’s still a hundred percent sure featured his handsome housemate and totally-not-platonic touching, kissing, moaning.
“What?”
That nagging part of Dean that always wants to fix things, to make shit right (mixed with the pent up longing for a place of his own) brimmed with the possibilities. With the right touch, it could be a home again. Could be
The hand on Dean’s hip finds its way to his hair, grasping the strands at the top where they’re longest. “Like this?” he growls, tugging Dean’s head back and forcing his spine into an exquisite arch.
“Not at all.” Cas does that cute little head tilt, then looks at Dean. “Dean speaks very highly of you.”
to watch. But
“I—fuck.” He swallows hard. “I wanted to ask you if-if you’d maybe try with me.” The grip on his knee tightens and his legs fall open a little more against his will like a damn invitation. “I mean, I’m no good at this, man. I don’t know what I’m doin’, and it scares the hell outta me, but… I guess maybe I’m willing to give it a shot if you are, ya know?”
“What’s going on with you?”
hands, grasping the paler flesh usually hidden beneath layers of plaid and denim.
It’s about two hours before he has to get up for work; he’d planned to go in a little early so he could get out in time to help prepare for the party that evening. The house is silent under the relaxing
Pushing off the floor with a grunt, Dean begins pacing the room, his expression suddenly pensive. There’s a fire in his eyes Castiel hasn’t seen before, yet it reminds him of the passionate way he’d spoken about his job earlier.
Another hour in and he’s half-tempted to let his jeans join it where it’s draped and dripping over the back of a kitchen chair. He perches at the island, its surface a welcoming coolness against his bare forearms, and guzzles the neck of a cold beer.
Initially, they stay at the counter. After a few trips, they graduate to a booth.
Dean tucks the blankets in around him, makes him safe. Presses a cool, wet cloth to his forehead, and says, hardly above a whisper, “You’re okay, Cas. I’m... I’m proud of you, man.”
In his youth, he thought it was due to his strangeness that no one took a keen interest in him. But after a while, he began to believe perhaps it was he who was incapable of feeling the sort of deep, all-encompassing, passionate love he’d always read about in novels or heard his friends speak of.... until he met Dean Winchester.
They’d agreed upon a warm palette Castiel found online of five complementary colors in three shades each, though they didn’t purchase all of them because as Dean said, “why the hell would we need fifteen damn colors? Just pick your favorites.” So he selected ivory as their primary wall color throughout the house, the six varying shades of blue and green to alternate on accent walls, and one dovetail grey for the baseboards and crown moulding.
,’” she recites, slurring her words and fluttering her eyelashes to emphasize her point about his state of mind at the time. “‘Bluest eyes to ever blue, and oh my god, that
“I’ll work for room and board. Long as you pay for what materials I can’t get through my business or from Singer’s Salvage, the labor’s covered.”
He reaches for Cas’ head. Urges him closer, and he gets the memo, thank fuck. Cas smiles against Dean’s skin, then his lips fold around the sensitive flesh and
Aaron snorts. “Guess you noticed the crowd inside, huh.”
. A swell of love and gratitude floods through him and suddenly he wants nothing more than to hold his brother, to be held. To let loose the tears, have a drink with the man and reminisce about old times, as they are wont to do each time they reunite. Moments that seem more rare and fleeting as the years fly past.
. She’s grown on him, so what?)
at home somewhere. To have a family. To not wake and perform the rote functions of daily life, idle and hollow as they are, alone, spending each workday ravenous for the rare weekends he gets to visit with his small circle of friends. Returning to his empty apartment night after night with only Claire to keep him company.
Castiel stares, bewildered. He’d never heard anyone call his father that before. His brother would probably joke that no one who had “ lived to tell the tale” or some such nonsense. Perhaps it was his attempt to put distance between himself and his small-town roots.
Dean swallows thickly, voice breaking on a hushed, “Cas, I...”
“You don’t have to do that, Dean.”
Dean smiles, nervous, but the desire is still there. “Fine with me.”
But these sounds? Oh, these are by far his favorite, and he wants nothing more than to memorize each and every one, record them on an album alongside the others to replay in his mind on his darkest days so he’ll know, and believe, that life is worth living, that good things do indeed happen.
Dean’s eyebrows rise. He shakes his head and looks at Cas with a tender smile, biting down the twinge of guilt in his gut. “Don’t worry about it. Like Meg said, we screw with each other. Sometimes we take stuff too far. But you and me? We’re good, I promise.”
He chokes it back, but barely.
Castiel’s lips purse. He decides not to deign that with another reply and instead downs the rest of his coffee in one go. As he’s preparing to rise for more, Dean snatches the cup.
Fifteen minutes later, he drops Castiel off outside of the motel, where he pays the fare and lugs his suitcase, duffel bag, and Claire’s crate from the trunk. It takes some coaxing to get her inside, and she scratches his right hand, screeching like a banshee the entire time. Once the cabbie finally pulls away, he has the cat and his belongings piled on the curb outside the motel lobby.
“Oh…” Eyes wide, Dean wets his lips.
, the minute those baby blues turn on him it’s like the dude from the juke is talking right to him.
, he muses, reminded of the mud they’d left in the foyer.
It’s bad enough the dude is sex on legs when he’s being awkward and cute; Cas brings out that Badass Motherfucker “I will smite you where you stand” look and all Dean wants to do is sink to his knees in the middle of the produce section. He doesn’t even eat this rabbit food, not unless it’s shoved into a sandwich between stacks of meat and cheese or tossed into a hearty stew or something, and is only here because he knows Sammy will complain if there’s nothing healthy at the party.
“Alright, cut it with the puppy eyes, dude.” She sighs, but her expression quickly turns devious. Never a good sign. “You owe me big time, though. Next tournament, you’re coming with.”
The other man looks up, eyes hooded and dark with lust, and sweeps the back of his fingers softly across Dean’s cheek. “I’ve got you,” he whispers huskily.
to let go, slip under.
“Claire,” he groans. “Scram.”
“Damn.”
Dean laughs. It’s a full-bodied thing, rumbling straight from his belly and shaking his shoulders. It’s such a lovely, warm, invigorating sound that Castiel wishes he could bottle it, make it a tangible thing, hold it close.
“Yes... As I said when we met, we had somewhat of a falling out.”
Castiel arches a brow and smirks as he turns it in his hand. “Really?”
Castiel stills, not quite sure how to process what he just heard. They sit in silence for a long, awkward minute until Dean begins shifting nervously in the seat across from him, spinning his bottle on its axis with a forefinger and thumb.
After the mess is mopped, evidence erased and crisis thoroughly averted, Cas leads Dean into the employee break room. He wets two rags, handing one to Dean, and without warning strips off his vest and shirt, tossing them into a plastic bag. Frozen to the spot, Dean stares at the curve of Cas’ broad, tan shoulders, the planes of his lean, muscled back and flat stomach, watching with bated breath while Cas runs the damp towel over his thick arms and chest, up his long neck, then into his hair. When Cas finally adds that towel to the bag, his skin is glistening wet, hair disheveled as if he’d just rolled out of bed.
“No! I just hate appariting.” He says instead of admitting that Sam’s right. He is terrified of Sam’s friends, his soon to be wife’s friends, and her pureblood family. Who will all look at him like being a Squib's infectious or something. How they'll act like him just being in Sam’s presence is a crime, just like his own family did.
down and fucked. He’s missed opening someone up and sliding his dick in. His jaw aches with the faded memory of sucking cock. He sighs into Cas's skin pushing at his half-open shirt. "Naked," Dean pants, more turned on than he's ever been in his entire life. "Need to get you naked Cas."
"I know, it was," Castiel shakes his head, his tail coiled around his leg. "But it wasn’t because I slept with you. It’s the circumstances that I regret."
Dean snorts as he opens another candy bar. "Sorry man, I left my sexy costumes in my other duffle"
Sam rushes over placing his huge palm on her head. "It’s just spell-sickness," he says, the relief clear in his voice.
“That thing I need you to find. It’s a tablet full of spells that only a prophet can understand. Abaddon wants a spell of it.”
Dean shifts on his feet, "Are you sure? It's a bit out of your way man."
“My hair is only this way because someone liked pulling it,” Cas says with his crooked smile.
Dean suddenly gets what Sam means about this guy being a shark. Dean feels like a mere piece of meat under his gaze. Castiel is obviously good at his job. He's got the calm negotiator thing down to a fine art. Dean doesn’t trust it for a second.
“Fuck no,” Dean says before reclaiming Castiel’s mouth. He still tastes like whiskey. Dean honestly can’t tell if he thinks this kiss is amazing because he's drunk or because he's wanted this forever. Arching up into Castiel, Dean wraps a leg around the back of his thigh bringing their groins together. He moans when he feels Castiel hard against him.
Jody's home is large and warm. Dean has pleasant memories of playing monopoly on the floor in front go her of her couch and watching awkward safe-sex conversations happen over her dining room table. She's been a good mom to Claire and Alex, the peak of the foster system. When she sees Bela for the first time outside of prison gear she practically beams.
It takes Dean a second to catch on but when he does it takes all his willpower not to punch Castiel’s pretty face. “No, absolutely not. That wasn't in our deal.”
“You remember how to do this?”
Sam breathes a laugh, "Really why?"
Thankfully Sam doesn't try to play dumb. "It hurts like a bitch but I think we have time Dean."
“No further questions your Grace.” Crowley spits out venomously. Storming back to his desk. Nick glaring at his side.
"I did three spells this morning before I called you. No dice. If Cas left on his own, he doesnt want to be found."
Castiel sighs, “Kelly doesn't have a deal with me Dean. Despite what you may think about my kind, we do give our friends a favour every now and then.”
“Great! I am the only one, then.”
He starts passing Cas up some paint buckets. Shaking his head when he finds the kittens sitting in the paint tray.
"No, listen to me for a sec. You changed your mind about me. You decided to help me, and we went to see Chuck, right?" Dean asks, finally giving voice to something that's been bugging him for months. "I mean we showed up at his house and he said,
Dean scowls, anxiety clawing up his throat. "You have far too much faith in me after everything I've done."
“Yeah, but I warned you not to.”
Sam keeps banging as Dean scrabbles for his pants. Cursing up a storm as he trips over the legs while rushing to the door. Sam stumbles past him, snowflakes clinging to his hair. He stomps his feet on the floor, "Its fucking cold out there." He hisses rubbing his gloved hands together.
We are finally getting somewhere! Also, sit with me and picture off my mind playing just before Dean goes to bed and weep at this pining nonsense with me.  I'm going to have a really busy week next week and the next chapter is only half-written so I can't promise an on-time update but I will have another one before Christmas and hopefully have this fic finished before my uni restarts in late January. Eagle-eyed readers will notice I added not one but two chapters to how many I plan to write because these dumb-dumbs are having a lot of feelings. I love all of you for reading and I will see you soon.
Inside the same comforting feeling that Benny’s always has, washes over him. Helping him breathe a little easier. He barely has time to think past that because a small white blur moves past him. Barrelling into his legs until it slams into Castiel who grunts and stumbles back.
“Basically,” Cas says, smiling at Dean this time - and Dean is not gonna make it through this wedding if this guy keeps this up. “I’m Castiel Seraphim, Sam's friend from school.”
Castiel sighs scrubbing his jaw. "I suppose we should talk."
Claire takes the bottle into her gloved hands, the hypnotic blue water glowing on her face. There are tears in her eyes. "What do I do?" She asks softly. Kaia walks over and wraps her arm around Claire's waist.
Dean shakes his head, a breathless laugh escaping him. Castiel likes it when he laughs. The creases around his eyes are endearing. "I'm going, to be honest, Cas. I have no clue why I picked you up. I hadn't exactly planned this."
“I’ll do it.”
Dean needs to get his head out of his ass and be realistic about them. He puts the files at the front desk, rolls his shoulders and decides to forget about Castiel for now. He's got work to do.
“But you've changed your mind, right? Now that your bumping uglies and all.”
“Well, fellas, what can I get you?” she asks.
"Uncomfortable?"
"Hey, handsome." He says, grabbing Cas by lapels and kissing him softly. Cas smiles at him and Deans left dazed. Dean would do anything to keep Cas happy. Even if that means killing God.
“Exactly! You should stay here go home and forget about this.”
Dean who has met Missouri Mosey exactly once and was suitably terrified shakes his head. "I don't know what to tell you kiddo. I mean it's a vision of her surprise party so it really could go either way."
“So that wasn't about Necrophilia?” Castiel says, trying to smile back.
heat and want and love. Deans addicted to it already. Thumbing a line along Deans jaw Cas tilts his head and claims his mouth. Groaning into it as Dean tightens his hands int Cas's shirt, keeping him nice close.
“I guess I should get the bus home soon,” Dean says, not sitting down. “Got to get up early to repeat to do this all over tomorrow morning.”
Castiel shrugs, his limbs lose from drink. Dean's been looking at his hands for the past twenty minutes. “Crowley's deals are awful. The people he helps, they just aren't nice.” Castiel pouts, “People should be nice.”
"She was Chuck's ex-girlfriend. She and Sam have a colourful history, to say the least. But we thought we'd call her up to see if she heard anything about the guy and she was gone. Her whole family have been missing for weeks. Between that and the not so subtle parallels with siblings, it's like Chuck hasn't really left."
Dean clears his throat, noticing her wedding ring. Fuck, that's just what he needed right now. "It's nice to see you too. Congratulations on getting married by the way."
"I'll be right there." He says hanging up. He stares at the blank screen for who knows how long before he throws off his blankets. Cas is missing. Cas is missing and Dean doesn't know what to do.
By the time he makes it to Whitefish, he feels like he's gained ten years. The sun’s setting behind him, catching the golden trees and russet leaves. It's a picturesque place. The kind of beautiful Dean forgets exists when he's caught up with some apocalypse or another. Driving through it on the 93 Dean can't help but look around. It's a tourist spot, full of mom-&-pop shops and cafes. Dean never really took the time to explore it when he was hiding out here. The leviathans had been a more pressing concern, but he kind of sees why Cas would want to run here.
Dean shrugs, he's pretty sure that's the first time Castiel has ever complimented him. “Thanks,” he mutters, refusing to fucking blush. Its just Castiel looks really cute when he's all pleased like that. Dean really needs to change the subject before he gives himself away. “Why are you looking at the commandments?"
Knowing Crowley, he started blowing up Dean's hotel phone the second he turned his cell off. So, he makes for the front desk first. Cas is staring at the chandeliers with a look Dean recognizes from his own face. It takes a long time to get used to this kind of opulence. Thankfully, the night shift concierge isn't Sam. Who would definitely question why Dean was with someone like Cas. Instead, the pretty redhead blinks at them, giving Cas a polite once over but doesn't comment. "Good evening, Mr Smith."
Overall Castiel ends up sleeping for over 12 hours, waking to the sound of rain hitting his bedroom window. For a second, he forgets about his earlier vision induced mania and just listens to the street noise outside, before he catches sight of the edge of the still wet easel and remembers. Standing up, Castiel ignores it for a second, looking at his room instead. It's more of a mess than usual, paintbrushes are scattered everywhere, bits of oil paint flecked out on his rug and sheets that he knows are now a permanent feature. Why his vision insisted he paint in oils and not watercolours like the last time, he has no idea. He can’t deny, though, that it does leave an impression.
Castiel glares at him. “Was that really necessary?”
“No,” Castiel scoffs.
"No!" Castiel blurts out, looking away from the road to glare at Dean. If Dean wasn't so pissed he'd probably have passed out.
Reluctantly Dean turns around to face the voice and just about swallows his tongue. The man, presumably Castiel looks perfectly at ease in a dark suit tailored to fit his broad body. The dark crimson of his tie matches his polished horns and whipping tail. His eyes are a piercing blue. Dean's always been too wary of demons to ever notice their looks, but this demon makes his grace shine.
Castiel raises an eyebrow. “I assumed since your job is to look after Cerberus that you would be asking questions about him. Most people do and that, unfortunately, is the most common one.”
"Please, those boards are just the start. He likes necromancy these days." She shrugs, watching his wings instead of his face. "He likes power; his soul was just a trading piece to him."
"You know you can't promise that," Kelly says, her gaze locked with Castiels. Castiel looks away first, ducking his head. Despite everything that's fucked up between them, it's unsettling to see him cowed. As far as Dean knows Castiel never bows to anyone.
“Brave enough to hunt a ghost, though.”
“I was,” Dean says, biting his lip. “But the only reason I was worried, was because I was being a prejudiced asshole. I'm going to try and stop and stow my shit. So, I'm sorry for how I’ve been acting. It - ah - wasn't personal.”
“You know as well as I do our contract becomes moot in a courthouse. The accords ensure no one can speak if they are pressured into giving a testimony. Not to mention the fact, that there's a truth spell that's woven into the oaths. You literally can't lie up there. I can't make you say whatever I want so Kelly can win.”
“I could edit the contract,” Castiel says, already reaching for his magic pen.
Castiel sighs, “I promise. I’m glad we could come to an agreement.”
Nancy coughs, adjusting the rosary around her neck. Castiel watches, amused as the prisoner winces at the gesture. “You know you’re just making it sound like you did it for both those reasons, right?” Castiel asks, to be an ass.
"Us?" Sam asks, his voice cracking.
"Does that mean you'll be dressing up later?" he asks, adding in the pasta shells, looking at Dean as it starts to boil.
"We don't have the time Dean. I wish we did but I have to do this." Cas pleads, grabbing Dean's other hand. Dean squeezes it tighter.
Castiel lets the man go past him, glaring at him behind his back. For some reason, Dean looks like he’s enjoying Castiel get pissed off. He’s had clients that have gotten angry for Castiel being mouthy. For being anything other than seen and not heard. Dean isn’t like that. If anything, he encourages Castiel to be a dick, just so Castiel can see him smile. Somewhere across town, Meg will be cursing his name. Castiel knows it.
“I told you she was a nice boss,” Sam says, looking a little gooey.
"Leave them be Dean. We can use the pots," Cas says peering down at him from over the roof.
"Yeah, that's why you're not turning around, right?!" Dean yells, panic and rage swirling in his stomach. He's fucking glowing again and he doesn't even care. "Because even if this was somehow an accident, you’re still making me meet your friend. Do you really think this is going to make me want to testify for you?"
“Ah, Dean -” Claire mumbles, or maybe yells, Dean can’t hear her over the roar in his ears. Her voice washed out by the screech of his grace; the vibrations of the glass windows; the pounding of his heart.
"Frustratingly complex and truly wonderful," Cas says, softly looking at Dean's face. Dean ducks his head biting back a smile. Amara frowns at them.
Dropping his pen beside the photo of him and Claire at her graduation, Dean sighs. Spinning in his chair, he sips his coffee with a frown on his face. All morning he's been trying not to think about his appointment this afternoon. Around him, the office buzzes with chatter. Computers turn on; files are shuffled and caseloads are handed out. Dean jumps when Hannah drops his stack on the edge of his desk.
Dean nods, vaguely remembering the stories Sam told him during his summers off, tales about his pure-blooded roommate with a weird name, and a faded photo of a skinny dark-haired kid smiling with Sam's arm around his shoulder. The skinny haired kid has grown into an almost unrecognizably good looking man that's got Dean tongue tied just looking at him. Figures Sam would become friends with someone exactly Dean’s type and then forget to warn him about it.
“Aye, it was fine,” Sam says, surprising Dean by how easily the word falls out of his mouth. The woman at the counter takes one look at his face and laughs.
“Why?” Castiel asks, still staring at the ring.
Dean nods lazily cleaning himself with the wipes. The urge to laugh is there again along with the giddiness that only Cas brings out in him. But Dean resists it and settles back against the bed as Cas gets up. Feeling his heartbeat ease, Dean smiles. He thought their last time was an unbelievable orgasm but that was something else.
“Yeah,” Dean sighs, gently grabbing Castiel's chin. “They're pretty rare though, you don’t have to worry about them.”
"Exactly Kelly, I'm a guardian,” Dean says, he's tired; he's angry but Kelly's pain is getting to him. He's not built for shit like this, especially after dealing with a compulsion this morning. “I help human kids Kelly, not fledgelings. Archangels are far from my expertise."
"Why?'
Cas's shoulders slump, "I was trying to get Jack back."
“Lightning.”
Patience groans again, her phone lighting up on the table. She blinks at it, then jumps from the table. "How the hell does being psychic make me more likely to be late for things?”  She says grabbing her gym bag from under the table. Dean laughs standing up as well.
Sam bites his lip, looking over Dean's shoulder to the living room. "Can it wait?" Sam asks, soundly genuinely apologetic. "One of the associates from the firm stopped by, he wanted to talk to me about a case were working off."
Dean though doesn’t seem too bothered about the fact his job of saving lives causes him to wind up in chains. Instead, he shrugs casually like it’s no big deal. “Well, yeah, I mean there's B&Es, salt and burns and that's just the ghost stuff. Things get really illegal when other creatures are involved.”
“I'm not a fucking bigot,” Dean says finally feeling that vindication. He's been poked at and told off for years for not trusting demons and now he has proof that they shouldn't be trusted. Even the ones that are protective and helpful and so god damn beautiful they make Dean's eyes ache. “If he's so forthcoming about my feelings maybe he shared the fact he's a fucking hypocrite.”
“Dean, I want you to be happy at my wedding. This could be the best day of my life, and I don’t want it to be your worst.”
"I thought everything was supposed to be larger in America," Castiel groans, circling his hips. "Yet I am clearly larger than you."
“Yeah, I guess you do,” Charlie says, patting his shoulder. Dean groans. He has no clue how to ask Castiel for a favour after this morning. But he's going to try, for Bela's sake.
A crumbling farmhouse surrounded by sprawling fields gone to seed. Acres of untamed wheat fields, old barns and blackberry bushes. The whole area smells like honeysuckles in the summer, and once, it had been magnificent.
“Shit,” Dean says under his breath. He's worked in child protective services long enough to have a rough idea of what this kid’s deal initials. Freedom from an abuser could go many ways and murders usually the outcome. Sure Deans heard of some talented demons who could weave a perfect deal. Simply putting the kids into happy homes far away from their abusers.
Striding quickly through the hall, Castiel passes Nancy in the bullpen and slides into the bathroom. Turning on the tap to the coldest setting, He shoves his burnt hand under the stream. Breathing heavily, Castiel looks down at the mark the ring left behind. It's eerily similar to the one on Dean's. A straight oval, with a “J” in ivy. Exactly like the seal on the ring. “This is insane,” Castiel says as the bathroom light above him starts to flicker. Breathing deeply Castiel watches horrified as his breath becomes visible in the freezing cold room.
Jack grins at him. And Dean takes a moment to assess him. He's clearly happy and well-fed. He feels comfortable talking to adults and smiles easily. It's a good sign. If Dean agreed to testify he'd be happy to see it. Now it just makes his chest ache. Jack doesn't seem to notice the strain on Deans face as he grabs Deans hand and drags him over to a woman sitting in a booth. She smiles at them both, her blue eyes the spitting image of her sons.
"Hit the nail right on the head," Dean admits, he shouldn't be surprised Castiel figured it out. A man in his profession ought to know what a soul was worth. "I was fourteen at the time of the accident and it wasn't long after that when Dad met Azazel."
Sure Dean still works on the house, but it’s quiet now. The silence is louder out here in the Sticks. The buzzing of cicadas and birds chirping do nothing to ease the heavy feeling in his chest.
Dean bites back a smile, he wants to tell Cas that’s bullshit but a wonderful thought suddenly occurred  to him. "Cas have you been drawing porn?"
"Well you’re certainly showing off for some reason," Dean says, still looking at Cas's arms. Fuck he wants them around him so bad.
“St Louis is not exactly your jurisdiction. Don't tell me you're like my brother and are a Murder fanboy, it will ruin my respect for you.”
The first thing Castiel notices is the smell, chemicals; rot and dust mix in with the petrichor of the night around them making Castiel fight the urge to sneeze. The second thing he sees is the skull yellowed and aged and it’s clothes worn away by age. Above them, the wind roars.
He stares down at the black screen for god knows how long. The grey background mocking him. He knows the people in his office have photos of their families in the background. Hell, even Crowley, for all his heartlessness, has one of his cars. But Dean's bland and generic. His life is devoid of even a car to love.
Cas leans up against the wall and smiles suspiciously. “You’ll be fine as long as you don't use the word No-Mag. That would get you turned into a toad for Sam’s wedding.”
Dean sighs trying to turn when the gears grind again. He pulls the car into the curb thumping his head against the wheel. "Hey Cas, how do you feel about driving an Impala?" Dean asks figuring he might as well go all out on the stupidity tonight.
“Once or twice,” Cas replies, a smile in his voice.
"What?" Dean snaps, rubbing his forehead. He's so over Chuck's crap.
Castiel snorts at the thought and sticks his head into Meg's room. Clothes are thrown everywhere, but Meg’s not buried underneath them. Which means she’s left without him. Again.
Dean shakes his head pulling out two champagne glasses. “My friend is his boss if I didn’t pay him well. Sam would get on my case. Even if he was being a bit of a dick to you.”
Dean laughs, wrapping his arms around Castiel's hip. “Is that so?” he asks, breath hot over Castiel's mouth.
From across the line, Dean can hear the clicking of keys. "Ah - okay if you keep going straight ahead for another twenty feet then make a left. You should see it then."
“I’m fine with it if you are?” Cas says and Dean nods, resigned to fate being a bitch at this point. Cas smiles, pocketing the key and grabbing the guest book from Mildred to write his name using a quill. Rolling his eyes, Dean pulls out the pen he put in his back pocket and writes his name with it instead.
. A grown man simply cannot live off frozen dinners, ramen, and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. It’s a travesty, is what it is. And kinda… sad. As though nobody’s ever given Cas a decent home-cooked meal or something (Dean would know. Been there, done that).
Even without a voice to match, he’d recognize the hand on his shoulder. The size and weight of it, the way it rests firmly yet still feels tentative, as though Dean is something fragile or might easily be scared off. He doesn’t speak for fear that the hand will fall away, just hums deep in his throat and tilts his head. A little further, maybe he could rest his cheek on it…
Dean barks out a strained laugh, eyes flitting nervously between Charlie and Cas. Cas tilts his head and squints. His mouth opens, but before he can question her Dean grabs her by the elbow.
“That doesn’t tell me why you’d want to go back to it, though. Work on it again.”
“I don't know...” Heat rises to his cheeks. “Perhaps.” It comes out sounding a lot more like a question than he intended, the answer to which is lost somewhere in the air between them.
“When are you gonna get out there?”
Cas chuckles darkly, but he can hear him speeding up the pace of his own hand. “Not yet. Want to see you like this.” He keens with desperation only to be met with, “
“Want to scrub the john?”
He raps two knuckles on the door and calls, “Hey, Cas...”
One foot in front of the other, he moves, the basket in his hand crashing to the floor. He scans the sea of heads in the checkout lanes for that tousled brown mop, the frumpy trench, but doesn’t see him. Running toward the exit, he finds it’s drizzling outside, a humid summer rain. Dean crosses the threshold without a second thought, dashing through the parking lot, past Baby, to the corner of the street and there—head down, one arm hugging a plastic bag to his chest, the other in his pocket—walks Cas on the opposite side. A horn blares to his left and his hand slaps against the hood of someone’s silver sedan as it narrowly avoids bruising the shit out of his thigh, but he makes it across the street, eyes and lungs burning.
Dean pauses at that, gives him a strange look. Perhaps it was not the answer he expected. “Oh, well, uh. Don’t need to.” He shrugs. “Not my first rodeo.”
Like,
Dean has never watched the clock tick by with such rapt attention or yearned so desperately to rush home after work.
“Dean,” he murmurs, breath gentle against his ear. Skin prickling at the sensation, Dean shivers. Realizing the car’s stopped moving, his hands drop from the wheel to his sides. They fidget on the seat, impatient to reach out, pull Cas into his lap. “Is this okay?” With the first tender kiss to the hinge of his jaw, his eyes slip shut.
Castiel exhales in a rush, jaw hanging open for several seconds before he snaps it shut, swallowing with an audible click. His mouth is horribly dry. Eyes falling to his lap, he finds his hands had fisted upon his knees. He relaxes them now, fingers aching.
He’s actually
Wants to
“Enough of the literal bullshit, you know what I mean!” Dean growls, and Castiel’s heart skips a beat, fingers curling into his palms.
Cas shakes his head, chewing and swallowing a bite before he speaks. “Pontiac, Illinois, actually. My sister Anna and I moved here a few years ago after our brother’s wife left him. He wasn’t prepared to raise a baby alone, so we’re helping him out.”
But the way Dean looked at him earlier this evening... no one has looked at Castiel with that sort of open, absolute
“Dude, no.
Then someone coughs.
They break apart to find Sam standing in the doorway, arms crossed, eyes drifting everywhere in refusal to land on them. “Really, guys?”
his father. But it was an obligatory kind of love, unconditional in the way all children must love those who've given them life, thrust them into the belly of existence kicking and screaming. If the man ever returned such affection, it's difficult to say, but by his actions alone Castiel always felt as if he were little more than a cog in his great machine. Appreciated only for his usefulness, discarded when that no longer applied. Right now, he's not certain whether that makes this better, or that much worse.
He wraps one hand around the back of Cas’ thigh to steady him, the other drifting to the nape of his neck and pulling in a silent plea for his lips.
They’re friends (he thinks, or hopes). He
Dean turns away. Castiel blurts, “Dean, wait.” He glances back, meeting Castiel’s eyes, his own guarded. “Thank you.”
“Cas. Don’t say that.” Dean lays his hand atop Castiel’s, and quiets until Castiel looks at him again. Concern draws Dean’s lips into a thin line and burrows into the corners of his softening gaze. “Look, I’m not good at uh, feelings and shit. But it is important.
“Dad left us money, bro! I mean, I was a little surprised, not gonna lie. Thought for sure Mikey would have gotten him to cut us out of the will by now, with him laid up and… you know. But that’s not all. We got a property, with a ton of acreage. You and me.”
Might as well rub one out. It’s been a while, and frankly, avoiding doing so won’t alleviate the awkward tension between him and Dean any. If anything, it’s probably made it that much worse. Only one night in and already struggling; how he’s to survive the next ten days is beyond him.
Cas looks up, startled, and shuffles over quickly to unlock it. “Dean?”
A shudder runs through Dean and he blinks, amazed. “Whaddaya have in mind?”
With all the resources at their disposal, Sam taking point on training and research, Amara getting Heaven back in order, and Rowena downstairs whipping Hell into shape, they’re leagues away from where they started the day Dean snuck into Sam’s apartment with, “Dad went on a hunting trip and hasn’t been home in a few days,” on his lips and fear in his heart.
“I’m not giving you a choice. You’re very ill.”
Fuck it; it’s not a big deal. He’s forty-two, not four. He can deal with cakeless birthdays and no gifts; it’s been like that his whole life. The best he usually gets is a greasy meal, and from time to time, a sloppy drunken lay.
“No.” He doesn't want to think about that right now and feels his buzz slipping with the discomfort.
He thinks of refusing, but it’s technically his party, right? He can afford to live a little, as his brother frequently reminds him, so he takes the proffered joint from Andy’s fingers. He puffs once and holds it, exhaling slowly as he sits beside the others.
“Don’t worry Sam,” Jack assures from where he’s scooted up to rest his forearms on the back of the seat between them. Bitchface in 3-2-1... “I’ll heal him.”
He's definitely staring. His knees are friggin' jello. And of course, smooth talker that Dean Winchester is, he looks right down at the scruffy, wide-eyed, flushed and beautiful walking disaster in his arms and says, “You owe me a pie.”
“You don’t owe me anything. You don’t even know me, Dean.”
Startled, he spins to find Dean staring sheepishly from the doorway leading to the dining room, hands in the pockets of dark blue flannel bottoms. His hair is wetter than before, disheveled, and he’s also changed shirts. Did he
, he finds himself slowly moving backward and his thighs hit the edge of the bed. He smiles triumphantly into Cas’ skin, mouths at the bolt of his stubbled jaw, down his throat, and when he’s met not with skin but a starched collar, he lets out a noise of frustration.
Cas leans in, eyes drifting shut, and presses his forehead to Dean’s. “Me too,” Cas confesses, his voice breathy and uneven. “From that first day, Dean. You were—
Cas cocks an eyebrow at that and when Dean points at the tag pinned crookedly to his vest, he looks down at his own chest as though noticing it for the first time and mumbles, “Oh.”
Dean whimpers when they part, craving more. Cas’ eyes shimmer under the streetlamp’s dim fluorescent bulb, tears clinging to his lashes, and his smile—
Cas finally blinks, slow and awed like that wasn’t the answer he expected. He smiles a little too, uttering a soft, “Maybe,” in response, but there’s a flicker of uncertainty in his eyes and Dean wonders again if the flirting is getting through. At least they have more privacy in the bar, not as many watchful eyes, and no more Meg leering at them.
So Dean goes home.
The man’s gaze isn’t lewd, nor are his words inappropriately suggestive. Rather, he seems genuinely intrigued. Appreciative, even. Castiel isn’t usually one to preen, but it’s difficult not to do so under such attention. And alright, perhaps a petty part of him also wants to see how Dean responds. He finds himself standing a little straighter as he steps forward to proffer his hand, matching the firmness of Benny’s returned grip. The other man’s grin widens. Either he’s impressed, or thrilled by the challenge, Castiel can’t tell.
With a minute nod as though they'd communicated telepathically, Dean clears his throat and his eyes flit to Meg. "How about two beers?" he suggests flippantly.
Cas squints, frozen in place as they walk away, and Dean hopes he doesn’t ask Sam to explain. A minute later, though, he follows them down to his bedroom and offers to help. Dean’s not about to turn down some extra arms (especially not if it means he gets to see Cas do some heavy lifting, find out how strong the guy really is) so he agrees and gives him instructions on what to take or leave. He only has a little packed, so Sam and Cas start on the furniture while he finishes filling up the boxes Ellen left for him.
Castiel lays everything out with painstaking precision, his brow furrowed in concentration. The filling sits, prepared, in a bowl at the end of the stainless steel island, a cloth draped over the top. That was the easy part. But this next step… this is the one he’s been agonizing over, practicing and perfecting, for over a month.
“Look, I know I’ve got problems, but you—”
That night, Dean stares at the ceiling above his bed, Benny’s words echoing through his mind as he watches the shadows cast by the fan flicker through the scant moonlight illuminating the room.
Today, Castiel plasters on a calm, solemn expression to mask his turmoil. Once again, Dean sees right through it.
Tonight is one such night—the culmination of a hot-as-balls Saturday in early June—and although Dean’s already home for the day, freshly showered and sprawled on the couch in his flannel hot-dog pants, his mind won't turn off and his stomach won't turn on. He hasn't even touched the beer sitting on his coffee-table, condensation pooling around the edges of one of the cork coasters he got in a five-pack at Walmart when he first moved in.
“Oh, ho! That mean you're stayin'?” Dean offers him the refilled cup and sets the bottle on the nightstand by his side of the bed.
Try as he might for the next hour, he can’t for the life of him pay attention to the movie plot. He's far too lost in his head and Dean’s presence to care about the increasingly blurry picture a few feet away. Thankfully, Dean is plenty happy to ramble commentary throughout as they trade laughs and drink themselves into a pleasantly fuzzy stupor. Much different from the last time he’d been
. He wants more.
it’s perfect.”
“What now?” he asks.
Dean takes Cas’ hand. Their eyes meet, and he smiles through tears.
“Worried about me?”
, he thinks, but he can’t tell who he’s angrier with. His father, brother, or himself. Probably the latter, if he’s honest.
The cool July air sweeps over Dean’s skin, crisp and refreshing. It’s a marked contrast to the hot and occasionally humid days, most of which he spends working outdoors fixing whatever needs it all around town. Dean enjoys his job, the freedom of it. He goes where he’s needed and no job is ever exactly the same, and the best part? He gets to do it surrounded by family and friends, people he loves and cares for. It provides stability he lacked throughout his childhood and doesn’t take for granted now that he has it.
Disappointment floods through him, as he wants to see, wants to look into Dean’s eyes as he makes love to him. But he shoves the feeling aside, buries it for now. Instead guides Dean up, helps him shift to his knees where he immediately turns around and faceplants into his pillows, ass in the air. Castiel drags his lower lip between his teeth. Perhaps not what he’d intended, but God, it’s still a beautiful sight.
“They’re 3M poster strips, dude. No damage, I promise.”
“Whiskey,” they say in unison. Immediately, Castiel’s eyes meet Dean’s. He laughs, and Cas smiles bashfully, gaze breaking away to focus intently on the table.
But Cas tugs him back by the hair, his cock bobbing free, slippery-wet and pulsing inches from Dean’s swollen lips. A whimper slips out against his will, but he doesn’t get a chance to complain or beg for more (God, when did he get so fucking needy?) because within seconds Cas is pushing at his shoulder and climbing onto his lap, their overheated bodies finally meeting with the full, glorious skin-to-skin contact Dean’s been dreaming of for what feels like a lifetime now.
"Are you hard for me, Dean?"
“Wanna join me?”
Loneliness, to Castiel, is a prison.
Castiel lets out a bitter, mirthless laugh. “Right.”
Castiel flops onto his back, feeling winded and confused. Here he'd been worrying about making any moves on Dean, and turns out Dean is the first to get handsy. Judging by Dean’s reaction it was unintentional, probably just coming out of a pleasant sex dream. He could have been anyone...
The hardwood floors are in excellent condition, though they could probably use a fresh stain and polish. Most of the furnishings left behind are salvageable, built to last, though several need refinishing or new upholstery. There's no central air, and the heating system has to be updated, preferably before the season changes.
“I’m okay. Probably just allergies again.”
around Cas. The guy doesn’t judge him or prod him with questions he can’t answer. Cas just… understands, sometimes without words involved at all, and he can’t remember the last time someone made him smile so much or laugh so hard. It’s all so new and good and
Then Cas licks his lips, gaze flitting briefly between Dean’s mouth and eyes, and Dean can’t fucking take it anymore. Before he realizes what he’s doing, he’s pushing Cas back against the seat, climbing into his lap, fisting his hands in the lapels of that stupid beige coat, and capturing the heady moan that escapes Castiel’s mouth with his own.
The click of her heels on the freshly stained wood grows distant as she turns the corner toward the stairs to leave, and moments later, the bed sinks next to him. A cool, gentle hand presses to his forehead, and he hears Cas make a displeased noise in the back of his throat. Dean cracks his eyes open; they’re crusted at the corners, burn like hell, and all he can muster is a squint as he peeks out from the covers to see Cas’ furrowed brow above him.
Dean’s not about to let anything, not even his own self-doubt, ruin this. Not now, not when he feels like he’s been waiting his entire life for this moment, and not just ‘cause they might have sex. Like, yeah, okay that’s definitely part of it. But… shit, it’s so much more than that.
“Are you alright?”
His palms feel slick against the wheel. He won’t look at her. Can’t. “Probably not.” He wonders impassively how bad it’d hurt to throw the door open right now, tuck and roll down the pavement. Not that he’d ever abandon Baby, but in this moment escape is preferable to reliving this confrontation and reopening old wounds.
“Good.” Cas leans forward, pecking him gently on the lips. “Now can we get to the bedroom?”
Finally, that Saturday, he gathers his courage and asks Rufus directly.
“Aw, what crawled up your ass? Or is the problem that nothing's been up there for too long?" Gabriel snorts at his own joke. Castiel doesn't bother confirming or denying just how accurate that assumption is, he won't give his brother the satisfaction. "Come on, Cassie-poo, is that any way to greet your favorite brother? Where’s the love! ‘How are you, Gabe? I miss you! When are you coming to town?’”
Unfortunately, Dean has it in spades.
Castiel stares into the middle distance beyond Dean’s shoulder, thinking.
“Yeah! Yeah.” Dean chuckles breathlessly.
Bolting upright, he crawls on hands and knees to the edge of the bed, mouth watering at the sight of the most magnificent cock he’s ever seen. About as long as his, though possibly thicker, flushed purple beneath tanned skin and surrounded by neatly trimmed curls. The head glistens with Cas’ arousal, and it’s all Dean can do to keep himself from whining like a bitch in heat just to get his lips around it
“Of course I do. With my life, Dean, you know that,” Sam mumbles, cheeks tinged pink.
He nods emphatically. “Yeah, I’m fine. Why wouldn’t I be?” Looking away, he shovels pie in his mouth. Focuses on the flavors of apple, cinnamon, and flaky, buttery crust as it explodes on his tongue because pie makes everything better. Until Meg opens her mouth again, that is.
you okay?”
him. He wants to know everything there is to know about the guy; where he’s from, what he’s doing in Eden, what’s his favorite food, drink, does he like cars, movies? Is he a morning person or night owl? Coffee or tea? Does he prefer waffles to pancakes, or is he a bacon and eggs guy? And... does he like men?
“Oh, uh,” Dean mumbles, embarrassed, “Harvelle’s is right over there.” He points to the timeworn sign on the building across the street then steps off the curb, waving for Cas to follow.
“Hey…” Dean turns him away from the island and steps closer, drawing Castiel into his arms. “Is this okay?” he whispers.
“Alright.”
“But—”
Sam’s tone is affectionate and full of gratitude as he replies, “Jerk.”
During every stop at the store, Dean loiters as long as he can reasonably get away with. (Luckily Rufus, the manager, has known him for years and so far nobody’s called the cops, but he has gotten some suspicious looks from other customers.) And every time, he tries and mostly fails to strike up a conversation with Cas.
again.
Cas doesn’t want Dean the way Dean wants Cas. He can’t want him, ‘cause Dean is fucking broken, unworthy of love,
“Pfft, what? No.”
Beautiful, seeing him lose it like this. No barriers left between them.
He stretches, eyes closed. Leisurely locking both hands high above his head with a husky and contented groan, his plaid shirt flaps open as the breeze wisps across the exposed softness of his belly, just above the leather belt where his faded Black Sabbath t-shirt has ridden up. Cracking one eye open, he finds Cas watching him and can’t tell if it’s a blush on his cheeks or a shadow cast from the streetlight above. Dean lowers his arms and self-consciously straightens his clothes.
Dean glowers at her over his pie, swallows hard, and mouths, “bite me”. She mouths in return, “anytime, baby”. Fed up, he takes a swig of the beer and says, maybe a little too forcefully, “Don’t you have a job to do? One that doesn’t include bugging your customers?”
“Right,” Dean says, then clears his throat. “I will, um, see you later?”
So although he has a preference for women most of the time, and therefore more experience with them, Dean doesn’t shy away from his attraction to men, either. Regardless, as far as
“It’s not your fault,” Castiel says lowly, shaking his head. “After he fell ill and was hospitalized, Michael took over the company and our father’s finances. I have a feeling he is the one who stopped paying for its upkeep.”
“Indeed.”
. Wants so badly to close the gap between them, cup the other man’s face in his palms and count the endless constellation of freckles sprinkled across his skin.
Dean’s eyes squeeze shut as he tries to regain his bearings.
Everyone is exceedingly kind and generous. Several of their guests approach him in the kitchen with praise for the work they've done, especially the new color scheme (to which Dean gives Castiel all the credit), and ask what other plans they have. Dean's grin is wide and proud throughout, his gaze full of affection when he says, "Cas is too humble. He did most of the work on the interior," and Castiel’s heart flutters wildly in response. He suppresses the sensation with a sip of his drink. Or attempts to, at the very least.
“Nice to meet you,” Cas says.
Castiel takes in the manuscripts piled haphazardly in the middle of his desk in metal-clasped, orange envelopes. The organizer at the corner stacked with manilla envelopes filled with company memos and reports, labeled and organized. The cup full of pens next to the placard in the center bearing his name and job title. The framed picture of Claire, taken a few years prior. The computer beside his left elbow, screensaver with a small icon crawling across the screen in the same annoying, repetitive pattern.
“No. I have some business to take care of here.”
Between swigs, he scrolls through his contacts and finds the number for his landlord. He cancels his apartment lease, agrees to pay the fee, then locates a moving company to go clear out his belongings and ship them to Eden. Not that he has much besides shoddy used furniture, but he does at least want his books, picture albums, and the art pieces he’s commissioned from Rowena over the years. With that in mind, he also places calls to her, Balthazar, and Hannah to notify them of his plan, much to their mixed delight, pride, and sorrow. He’ll wait to call Gabriel until he's calm (and sober) because… fuck, he loves his brother to the end of the earth and back but he absolutely cannot deal with his cheek right now. It’s far too soon for “I told you so’s”.
“Not that we were close before that, mind you. Well, Gabe and I were, but he’d moved out to Los Angeles by then. He sent me money when he could, but I didn't want to rely on him like that. It’s been so many years since…”
“What is it?”
“Here.” Dean places a fresh, steaming cup before him. “I’ve got my work truck out front already. Sam and Benny are stopping by in a couple hours, we’re gonna check out the roof and siding today before we start on anything major inside.”
Even now, with his own troubles and pain, Gabe thinks of him. Reaches out, tries to ease his burden, shows him he isn’t
he thinks,
want you?”
Still nursing his injury, he drags his bags into the building to check in. The place looks like it hasn't been redecorated since at least the 70s, with unpainted wood paneling on the walls, mid-century furnishings, and shag carpet. The front desk is eerily empty, but rock music pours from a radio beside the register.
Dean turns up the music in the cab as they set out. It’s tense for a while, quieter than before that call, leaving Castiel to stare out the window most of the drive lost in contemplation. An unspoken question lingers in the air between them, made thick with uncertainty. He’s tempted to prod, ask Dean what’s going on, but senses he wouldn’t take it well. Better to let Dean come forward on his own terms when he’s ready.
, Cas. Nuh-uh, not in our house.” Cas’ eyes widen at that, drawing a hot flush into Dean’s cheeks. “I mean, uh... your—you know what I mean!”
Dean sucks in a breath. “Yeah?”
against the tile. She clears her throat. Frustrated, she finally skirts around him, squeezing through the narrow gap but it’s too close a call and the rung where big items sit scrapes noisily along the bottom edge of the freezer door, dragging Dean out of his stupor.
