Another heartbeat and the chaos renews. Too quickly, too easily, the Umaiyyati separate them. Steel thumps into wood. He sees Anatole’s face in the crowd now, too, and Lucien’s even farther away.
“Yes. Just tired.” He nods towards the men. “You have some good talent. A couple of them need practice, but overall I think they'll do well.”
Her words, and her voice, float around in his mind while he soaks in a luxuriously hot bath. When he eventually steps from the tub, Ansell is waiting with towels and a soft robe for him. His clothes have been folded neatly and set on a table next to his armor and blades.
He steps to the far side of the road and changes his path to find the edge of the district. Comfort has turned to misery and he must escape. Eventually he crosses a long bridge over the river that ends in the Market District. His spirits lifted by the change of scenery, he follows his nose to a public house and settles into a table near the middle of the room. The people in taverns at this time of night were the type that wouldn’t know much, but most of them would know
She slides her hands down his chest, pausing suddenly at his scar. She pulls back enough to see it and frowns in concern. “What happened?”
She would be in no condition for their usual entertainments, of course. Valerian adepts and apprentices rarely accepted more than one assignation a night, and with good reason. He’ll demand nothing of her, but she will choose him over the comfort of her own room when her guest leaves. He will give her wine, wrap her in his arms, and remind her of how extraordinary she is as she falls asleep. Being allowed to do so on nights like this is an honor not lost on him, and he will be grateful for the company of a friend.
The girl rushes to the back of the room where he seats her at an empty table. He quickly ducks into the kitchen and returns with a large slice of shepard’s pie and a glass of milk to set in front of her. She thanks him politely before delving into to the food with impressive gusto.
Her face lights up when she sees them. “You’re here!” She throws her arms around John’s neck, pulling him into a tight hug.
Not that it mattered. Nothing he could have said or done or dreamt would have mattered. Elua’s precepts do not hold true for everyone, and James could not hope to compete with one of his scions when love is what’s at stake. She won Sebby’s heart before James even knew how to ask for it.
“Because I’m spending so much time in the Palace. I could be considered leverage to use against the royal family, and I am only thirteen. Brother Watson is a far better swordsman than all of our guard, the Queen’s too. I think Father has always wanted to have one in the family anyway, but felt it would be too fashionable or highbrow or something. So now that it’s been suggested, he is thrilled to hire one.”
I did my best to make it worth the wait, and then Fascinated took time out of a busy week to make it better. (Thank you :)) I hope you guys like it, and as always would love to hear your thoughts.
For the next several hours, Sherlock is absorbed in his work. They speak with Anatole’s distraught mother and younger brother. They examine the area where Anatole was last seen, look through his rooms, speak with the servants. There are no clues, no leads, no witnesses, not the tiniest scrap of information that Sherlock can use to work his magic. By the time they leave the Verreuil townhouse, Sherlock is growing visibly frustrated with the lack of evidence, and John is trailing behind him making apologies for his manner. As they step out of the carriage in the d’Essoms’ courtyard, John grabs him by the arm.
“I am. But that’s not relevant. Are you going to come see me with your gray shadow in tow? Do you think he will let you? I am the orphaned nephew of a farmer. I am nothing. What place do I have in the life of a royal favorite?”
Lord Verreuil shakes his head. His voice sounds hollow when he continues. “No. Maryse, my wife. I don’t know what he told her to gain her aid, but she pleaded with me, swore she would never be such a fool again if I would just save her. Keep her with her children. How could I tell her no? Her part was so small, and I don’t think she truly understood what it was she was doing. So we both swore on our family’s honor before the King that she had been used against her will, and she was acquitted. Her name was kept from the public, as were all of those acquitted before the trial began.”
They wait in silence, Sherlock constantly pacing, until the initiate returns with a young man. He is not far past his age of majority, with broad shoulders under his tunic, a shock of messy brown hair, and a finely sculpted face. He bows and looks at them with vibrant green eyes.
“This is the last of it, sire. Everything we have on Asclepius, his temples, and the blind priest. These are a lot older than the rest, but I trust you will take care with them.”
John’s lips twitch into a joyless smirk as though he expected that response and is disappointed in it all the same. “Not this one, and you know that.”
It seems that the first whispers of war were a lifetime ago. The Terre D'Ange first sighted by invading ships surely existed in another world. How little they knew then of what was to come. How ignorant they were of the price they would all pay. From the lowest house in the realm to the highest – none had been truly safe. None had gone untouched by grief in the end.
Sebby’s eyes dart between his for a moment and look away. “John and I rode in a day early because there are things you should know, and I need you to hear them from me first.”
James turns and dives into the cold, deep water, letting it close in around him. His heart is pounding in his chest, and it feels like the water on his skin is the only thing holding him together.
“Please, John, sit.” If he recognizes John for who he is, he hides it remarkably well. He motions to two couches with a low table between them and waits until they are settled to continue. “How may we be of service?”
“It’s okay to want real cases, even with all that’s at stake. The guards are restless too. It feels like crime across the whole city has dropped, and I don’t doubt for a second that Moriarty is the cause. He knows it will bother you. But that doesn’t change who you are, and you shouldn’t feel bad for wanting this stalemate to end.”
John stands up and she pulls him to her. His lips meet hers; she tastes of honeyed tea and her skin smells of lavender and sage. Her hands move to untie his robe, his rest on her slender waist. Perhaps it’s the wine, or perhaps Niamh and the feared gods of Alba are already weaving more powerful threads around them. Whatever the cause, John finds himself completely entranced with her. He runs a hand up her back and unties the top of her dress. Silken material slides down her body and pools on the floor at her feet. Soft, cool fingers move across his shoulders, pushing the robe off of him.
After John says good bye and leaves, Sherlock jumps up. He scribbles a few words on a piece of paper and wraps it around a gold coin. He listens for the front door of the house to open and close before rushing down the stairs and out the back. A skinny beggar, maybe sixteen years of age, is sitting on a crate at the end of the alley. Sherlock drops the bundle into his dish and he immediately picks it up. He unwraps the note, reads it quickly, and nods. Sherlock will have eyes on John in a matter of minutes, and for as long as he wants them.
He smiles, thinking of the Tsingani case. A barefoot boy showed up on their doorstep one day, and when the case was solved a fortnight later the boy’s
A cool breeze blows across his skin, bringing with it the scent of lavender. His wound heals, a scar once more, and he can breathe. He hears footsteps and a moment later Niamh is kneeling before him. Her freckled skin and dark hair take on hues of the desert, but her black eyes burn deep and ethereal. She is somehow
come first. But Sherlock is not certain that Moriarty  will allow him a choice in the matter, and that frightens him.
. He finds religious tomes along with books on medical anatomy. There is an old map of a region of Tiberium. There are architectural drawings of a monastery, monetary accounts of various temples, even personal letters and journals. He finds nothing at all, however, about languages or ciphers. He curses loudly and steps away from the table. Frustrated and ignoring the scribe's admonition, he throws the ledger in his hands across the room.
He motions to an open letter by his chair. “Lestrade wants my help with some new recruits. If I leave soon I can walk there and have time to warm up in the yard before their drills.”
’ in whispered baritone. He doesn’t doubt that he will enjoy the carnal aspects of the evening, but the physical nature of his host is not important. “I need someone who is not afraid of dark places. Could you choose for me?”
He hears the door open and the young girl greet Lord Shahrizai. There is fear in Sherlock’s voice when he responds, and James grins widely.
He focuses on a point on the wall and on his breathing until he hears footsteps in the hall. The woman who opens the door is perhaps ten years his junior. She is not D’Angeline, but she is still remarkable in her imperfect beauty. Wild, dark hair falls in curls and waves around a pleasant face. Freckles dance chaotically across her nose and cheeks, and her full, round lips look eager to smile. She wears a loose, flowing robe of white and gold that hints at slender hips and small, round breasts. When she turns to close the door, the low cut back reveals her completed marque. Deep blue gentian flowers grow through a galaxy of freckles up her back to wrap around a full moon between her shoulders. She smiles radiantly when she turns back to John.
John sits at their table looking down at a list of thousands of names and knows this is not the right direction to go. Weeding out nobility and heirs from among the dead will take far more time and detailed knowledge of the peerage than either he or Sherlock possesses. Their best hope lay in the list of 13 names that Sherlock tacked to the wall above the couch. D’Essoms and Verreuil are marked through, as is Lady Fournier since she has no children. Of the ten remaining families, six are still at country estates well over a day’s ride away. Messengers were sent to warn them, but it is unlikely the kidnapper will go outside of the city before taking all of the easier targets within it. That leaves four possible victims, one small boy and three young ladies, who are each under a watch. Surely they are nearing the end of this.
It is such an obvious solution. He could complete his work and be travelling home within a fortnight if he wished. Of course, efficient is also boring. No. Sherlock and John shouldn’t be boring. The solution might be simple, but the path leading to it does not have to be. And when the threads of fate weave together as impeccably as this, one must show reverence. Only James’ finest artistry will do.
Sherlock looks doubtful, but he doesn’t press the matter. He kisses John softly and whispers “I love you” across his lips. He’s right, of course. For Henri’s sake, John can’t let his own emotions interfere. Cliffs and small voices and blame must be dealt with later.
What is one more falsehood now? John would clearly go running in to battle tomorrow if he thought it necessary, and that cannot happen. “I won't. I promise.”
“There was an Ollamh in Alba who gave me a – prophesy? Warning? I don’t know. There was power behind it. She warned me about Moriarty. Said that if you faced him alone you would lose.” He pauses and takes a deep breathe. “I am terrified of not being there at the end. Of you trying to slip away to protect me and dying because of it.”
“He died from the cut across his neck, which happened before everything else. I can’t imagine why, but whoever did this tortured a corpse.”
When John opens his eyes, the room is filled with bright afternoon light. Sherlock’s heart beats steady and slow in his ear and the warmth of his body surrounds him. John’s muscles are stiff, his face streaked with dried tears. He sits up, careful to not wake Sherlock as he untangles himself, and scrubs his hands over his face. When he opens his eyes again he sees shattered porcelain on the floor and his heart sinks with memories from the night.
John startles at Lestrade's voice, but manages to not let it show. He takes a moment to gather himself before standing up. “Lead the way.”
“Lestrade said something last night. He thinks an adept of Gentian House could help me, and I think he may be right.”
John is quiet for a long moment. He takes a breath and releases his arms, letting his hands drop to Sherlock's. His tone when he speaks is wary and sullen.
“No. Though I don’t think we’ll have to wait long to find out.” Sherlock slips the key into his pocket. He looks concerned, but his eyes still have the same bright spark to them that they always do on a good case. “Are you all right?”
John laughs, both surprised by her frankness and embarrassed by how long he must have been staring. “I think I am, yeah.”
It takes some footwork to locate Captain Lestrade in the city, but before long he has a lead. If Sherlock ran after a clue for the case, it follows that he will find Lestrade again once he’s solved it. All he must do is wait. He finds the Captain and spends several hours tailing him through the night. It’s as exciting as watching mindless ants scurry about for food, but he is a patient predator. Finally, shortly after sunrise, his diligence is rewarded.
John and Sherlock walk in and sit in the chairs in front of the desk. “Sorry to intrude, Greg. I need to see the ledger of the most recent recruits. Richard Brooke’s information, specifically.”
Almost as if Sherlock summoned him with his words, Lestrade knocks at their door and lets himself in. The look on his face is all either of them need to see. Lucien suffered the same fate as Anatole. Anger flares in John’s heart as he gets up, breakfast forgotten. He straps on his vambraces and blades as Lestrade speaks.
“I don’t. I’m missing something. He has to have made a mistake somewhere.” Sherlock steeples his fingers under his chin and looks at the homes and storefronts around them as though he expects one of them to come forward with a confession. When his witnesses refuse to speak, he looks back at Lestrade. He looks tired already, and if the gods are not gracious he could still have days to go before he will rest. “I’m going home so I can think. Have your men search every possible location he could be taken – anything abandoned and off the main roads. Anatole was found in the city, Lucien will be too. And pray to the gods that at least one of us is not too late.”
They stand this way, just breathing, for a moment. Then Sebby pulls away, opening his eyes to look at James. He is still anxious. “I missed you too.”
“We’re going home, love.” He rests his forehead on John’s and lowers his voice to a whisper. “I’ll catch you. I promise you I will.”
"What can you tell me?” Sherlock gets up and gathers the few things he might need as Lestrade talks. John, suddenly no longer sleepy, straps on his vambraces and daggers.
The sun sinks behind the western wall as lamp lighters hurry to finish their work. Horse hooves clack and clatter on cobblestones, people pull their cloaks close against the evening chill, and a beggar on a corner asks for change. When John drops a few coins in the man’s bowl, he looks up and cheerfully says, “Elua keep you, sir.” John smiles back at him and continues walking. Three paces later he stops and turns around. He knows that face, he thinks, and that voice. From where, though? It sets him on edge. The pool of lamplight where the beggar stood is empty, and there is no sign of him nearby.
Tristan nods. “We have a number of apprentices and adepts that can help you. You may mingle in the public salon if you wish to choose for yourself, or I could select a few for you to meet here.”
“An adept, please. Gender and appearance don’t matter.” He’d thought some about this choice and realized he has no real preferences. Sherlock is the beginning and the end of his true desire. Everything else pales in comparison to lean muscles under pale skin, to hungry grey eyes, to ‘
all come undone at once. Old scars sear to life, angry and red. Still healing wounds tear anew, pulling out gossamer thread Sherlock had so painstakingly woven in place. John’s head sinks lower and his arms tense. Sherlock takes long strides into the room and is a step away from engulfing him in his arms when John speaks. His voice is cold and rough.
John looks down at him with eyes clear and bright. Eyes that make Sherlock think of the John he never got to meet – the one who hadn’t yet bled out under a Carthage sun. “But that’s what we’re good at, isn’t it? Finding the good endings? How many times has the culprit almost gotten away and failed because of you? How many times have we been in a life or death situation? And yet here we are, still.”
Yes, I'm sure it is a complete coincidence that your running route took you through this particular park at this particular time, Mycroft.
Ha! I beg to differ on both points. The relationship has only served to highlight how emotionally and sexually stunted I truly am.
John grabs Sherlock's sleeve and pushes it up roughly, exposing a nicotine patch. Sherlock looks guilty.
They leave. Sherlock moodily contemplates his tea once again. He sniffs his shirt to see if John is right. Yep, a little too ripe.
It's the fairness of it all, Audrey! The imbalance. I feel guilty. Why should I get all the pleasure and he gets none? All I want to do is reciprocate, but...
John points to the laundry basket in front of the washing machine. Sherlock grimaces at it with uncertainty.
Yes, I noticed John looked heavier. Taking up running to counteract a recent weight gain... he's obviously started up a new relationship. Good for him. It must be a particularly satisfying one since he's packing on the pounds so quickly. Who's the lucky girl?
Or not-so healing vapors. Brilliant, John! Some mystery substance has been painted on those salt lamps and has been slowly releasing poison into the air.
I don't wish to leave any stone unturned. Now, I need to inspect the tools of your trade, if you don't mind.
Sherlock was the same the other day, too. Like the two of you are contemplating the secrets of the universe or something.
Let's go, Lestrade! The two of you, all so buddy-buddy... dare I say flirty? Mycroft’s going to hear about this.
Unfortunately, that might have to be the case for a while, as you sort your feelings out. It could be a long while, Sherlock.
Sherlock takes another biscuit, flops onto the sofa, and crunches it noisily. He looks over at John and his expression changes from annoyance to intense desire.
Sherlock gives her side-eye and continues his investigation, but John scoffs and grows visibly angry.
John scoffed in reply. Sherlock, filled with mischief and bile, leaned over until his mouth almost touched John's ear.
It was a wonderful meal and a lovely chat with Mrs. Hudson. All too soon, it was time for John and Rosie to leave. John hoped to have her home before naptime.
Mrs. Hudson enters the flat and sees John and Sherlock (now in a comfortable t-shirt) sitting on the sofa. MEDIC #1 is filling out a report while MEDIC #2 is gathering up supplies.
John tugs on Sherlock's robe collar to bring Sherlock's mouth closer to his own, kissing him again. This kiss is longer, more intense. John's hand travels the nape of Sherlock's neck and into his dark curls. Sherlock, unsure of what to do with his hands, finally settles them on John's hips. Sherlock gently presses his body into John as the kiss continues.
“His family, then. Are any of them in the city? Lord Verreuil is the key, but the others may have something useful to offer. Lucien’s as well, and I need to speak with whomever saw him last, and follow his path home from there if we can.” Sherlock is as Sherlock always is on a case – impatient, excited, a bit rude, and thinking in a million directions all at once. In less dire circumstances, John loves to watch him work. It really is extraordinary to see. In this matter, however, he just prays that he finds the answer before another life is lost.
Sherlock plasters a smile on his face as they leave the flat. As soon as the door shuts, he drops his smile and stalks to the window to watch Rosie and John head down the pavement. Then he flounces back on his chair with a loud groan.
John felt a rich, pleasant warmth spread through his body. John wondered if Sherlock had felt something similar when John had said those same words to him.
John cocks an eyebrow at Sherlock and leans over to the side table and checks the time on his phone. He looks crossly at it and sits up.
I received a text from her, perhaps two years ago... Rosie was still an infant... you hadn't moved back in yet.
John gingerly pulls the black pants all the way down Sherlock's long legs and folds them neatly on the bed.
Sherlock cuts John's wisecrack short by putting his whole mouth on John's cock, slowly easing down centimeter by centimeter. John gasps in response.
Yeah, just lunch. AJ’s been asking me out for after-work drinkies, but I haven't taken her up on that offer yet.
Now, what shall we discuss to get you back to sleep, hmm? Do you want to hear about all the bees in the subfamily Apinae?
I know I'll risk sounding like your therapist, but how does it make you feel, watching these people flirt with me?
He waits briefly for a response. It doesn't come. With disappointment and concern, he turns off the lights in the sitting room and heads to the upstairs bedroom.
Sherlock kissing John passionately behind the tree in the park... Sherlock dearly loves to kiss, doesn't he?... and all the things John so desperately hopes all these deep kisses, all these embraces, will lead to. Someday.
John straightens his legs on the bed and lies back reluctantly, still lifting his head to watch Sherlock work. He doesn't want to miss a thing.
Very good. You dearly love the prospect of being taken from behind like this, don't you John? The element of danger... the forcefulness... you putty in my hands... pleasured by my cock.
No smut in this chapter, but some discussion of sex. And a fair bit of jealousy (if, like me, you are into that kind of thing).
They both quickly turn away and attempt to head down the sidewalk at the same time, immediately jumbling up the strollers.
"I almost hope he is," Mycroft responded in measured tones, "If it’ll save you from this." He held up the list of drugs Sherlock had meticulously written out. Sherlock made a lunge for the piece of paper.
There is a look of joy on everyone's faces, especially John with his radiant smile. Then Sherlock's face falls into a bittersweet expression as he realizes he finally must let his dear John go.
Several dangerous substances aren't hazardous until they are heated to the point of vaporization. Nazir, you have photos of the crime scene?
"I know." John's voice sounded as far off as his thoughts. There was a pause in conversation as the room filled with the sound of Rosie's squeals and wooden blocks clattering to the floor.
I was thinking about Mary. I know we don't often talk about her. But as your most recent and significant relationship prior to your current one...
He returns to cleaning up the mess. He spies a biscuit on the ground, gives it a brushing off and a good sniff before popping it into his mouth.
"There's a lot to unpack there, as my therapist might say," John chuckled, and then added, "But I must point out that your eavesdropping was a bit off the mark."
Right. Good point. Look, I apologize. It wasn't premeditated. I came downstairs to use the loo and it just sort of happened.
He plops down a brown paper gift bag on an exam table. Molly looks at it suspiciously as she walks over.
John gazed at Sherlock. John opened his mouth to speak, but then closed it again, as if all his emotional bravery had been used up for the day and he no longer trusted what he might say. He gave Sherlock a closed-lip nod. Sherlock regarded him stoically. John felt a stab of regret in his heart as he turned from Sherlock to join Mrs. Hudson and Rosie.
They give each other warm, wet, showery kisses as they grind against each other, becoming ever needier.
He moves to the center of the room, as if to protect Sherlock from Irene's nasty barbs. John may not be conscious of his own movements, but they certainly don't go unnoticed by both Sherlock and Irene. Irene goes in for the kill.
Naaa... us bobbies are more trained for fast, hard sprints. We're rubbish at the long, slow stuff. But I'll be there to cheer you on at the finish line.
Too late, Sherlock is fully in the bathroom now, observation powers in full force. In the dim glow of the night-light, he spies the bottle of lube that John has carelessly left on the sink.
And she accepted me whole-heartedly, too, John. It's true, Mary and I got along. We liked each other, even.
John, straddling Sherlock again, bends down and finds Sherlock's mouth with his own. They kiss deeply. Sherlock rotates and lies flat on his back and embraces John, pulling him on top of him. John kisses Sherlock again, making sure there is plenty of tongue this time.
Sherlock seems to fall back asleep instantly. John, although baffled, gives up and falls asleep, too.
SH:  NO NOT "GOOD", IRENE. JW'S RESPONSE HAS NOT BEEN AS INTENSE OR PRONOUNCED AS I WOULD LIKE. "SLIGHT ANNOYANCE" IS NOT THE SAME AS JW FALLING HEAD OVER HEELS FOR ME
"Oh, just some things I've found around the flat that belong to you," Sherlock said casually, as he followed the toddling girl around the front room. John, his curiosity piqued, opened the box. He pulled out a book.
- Sherlock carefully enters the unoccupied upstairs bedroom and places the bee plush toy in Rosie's crib. He smiles softly.
I was supposed to have a staff meeting, but it got canceled. Since I didn't have any patients scheduled, I decided to do the shopping early... then have a little break before going to fetch Rosie.
John walks over to the bed, where sleeping Sherlock has taken over the whole middle. John gazes fondly at Sherlock for a moment, then attempts to get in under the duvet without waking him. Sherlock mumbles a bit, but settles. Sherlock again throws a possessive arm around John, craving intimacy even in his sleep. John closes his eyes and sleep overcomes him.
An old oak tree silently guards the grass, wildflowers, and gray stones at the top of a long hill as James walks towards it.  His driver waits with the carriage on the road below, having not questioned the sudden request to halt. He didn’t plan to stop here. It hadn’t even occurred to him that the road from Marsilikos to the City of Elua would pass through this part of the province. He had willfully not thought of L’Agnace for so long that the neatly laid out orchards and smell of falling summer blossoms slipped tendrils of longing into him before he could think to stop them. When they rounded a curve and he saw the oak marking the Somerville family graves, his normally cold and calculating gaze softened and a sad smile just barely touched his lips.
There was nothing useful in the abandoned building. Sherlock fumed at the work done by Lestrade’s men, but now that they are looking at the Verreuil boy’s body, John is somewhat grateful they weren’t sent for earlier. He was brutally tortured – bones broken, skin burned and pierced and cut – and he can’t be more than nineteen or twenty years of age, so similar in coloring and hairstyle to Seb that it makes John’s heart ache. He doesn’t think he could have handled seeing him the way Lestrade says he was found. Sherlock examines the body for several moments before speaking.
Lestrade studies him for a long moment before speaking. “You must know it wasn't your fault. Not Sebastian, and not the two boys.”
He wears the disciplined Casseline as a mask, or perhaps he is clinging to it as an anchor. Either way, John is very much not all right. Of course he is hurting, anyone would be, but Sherlock had severely underestimated the extent of it. He desperately wants to pull him into his arms, to keep him safe and
As John and Sybille turn towards the dance floor, Sherlock finds his way to an empty couch. A servant brings him a glass of wine and he leans back to watch people. He would have to figure out what was bothering John, and he would have to do it soon. Not tonight, though. This week has been a long, deep breath that they both so desperately needed, but he doesn’t expect Moriarty to stay quiet much longer. So tonight he will watch two of the bright lights in his life dance while he drinks some of the finest wine in the kingdom, and enjoy every moment of it.
John returns the smile. “Getting there.” He takes off his cloak and hangs it on a hook by the door. “Mrs. Hudson insists on bringing up dinner.”
John is calmer, but his voice cracks when he speaks. “I would be free of this hell.” He clears his throat and continues with a ragged voice. “I destroyed his parents, shattered one of the purest hearts I know, and condemned two innocent boys to die. Death can’t erase those sins, I know that. But surely facing judgement in Cassiel’s presence would have been more merciful than this?”
“John.” Anguish and desire weave into breathless baritone. Sherlock presses one hand into John’s chest, stopping him, even as he runs the other hungrily down John’s thigh. His brow furrows as he searches John’s face.
“I’m still regretting teaching you that game. I can’t tomorrow, though. Mother’s taking me to hear the King’s Poet, remember?”
“Lord Verreuil, I am sorry for your loss. I hope you understand my urgency in this, and that I wouldn’t disturb you if it weren’t vitally important for me to do so.”
“I – I don’t know exactly. I have nightmares, and worse. I can’t think or sleep or do much of anything most days.”
“I don’t think you can. Not right now, anyway.” John runs his thumb across the back of Sherlock’s hand on his chest. “I still need you. Just to be here.”
It is all Sherlock can do to not run through the front door. He and John manage to get into the carriage and on their way before all of his thoughts explode outward.
Sherlock turns to John as the Captain disappears into Mandrake House. He takes two steps to close the distance between them and slides his hands onto John’s hips as though he’s made the motion a thousand times before.
John sounds tired and guarded, pulling Sherlock instantly back to the present. Back to John as he is, brightness and laughter forgotten. He brings the reel around to a swift ending and lowers his violin as he turns away from the window.
Something on the floor beneath the window catches his attention. His mind is leaping to conclusions before his eyes completely register what it is that he sees.
He closes his eyes, listens to the silence, and smiles. In his mind, he opens his box of clues about Moriarty and spreads everything out for another inspection.
He curls around John’s torso, slinging an arm over his stomach and resting his head on his shoulder. He says something that might have been “love you” if it were intelligible. Fingers slide into his hair, lips press to his brow.
“Oh, nothing. I just wanted to meet you properly. I've never met a real Cassiline.” He puts his hand out in front of him eagerly. “Richard Brook, from Namarre.”
John manages to cajole a few bites of dinner into Sherlock, and then a messenger arrives with word from Lestrade. Henri Rinefort, a nine-year-old boy, disappeared from his family’s home. Guards are swarming the streets surrounding the address when they arrive, and Lestrade is issuing orders in the front courtyard.
“Yes,” John answers before Sherlock has a chance to say otherwise. “Though we need to talk to you. Can we sit?”
It's not beta'd, and it might be crap. But I had to wrestle plot monsters, and I've been sitting on the first half for months, and I just need this bit up and done so I can move on to the next chapter. There. I hope you like it. :)
Most of what he overhears is boring minutiae, but he is patient and his quarry can’t be far. Ladies of the court fawn over one lord or another, estate owners discuss business prospects and boast about successes, and everyone is fascinated with gossip of one type or another. He hears more than one person mention how they missed this particular event in recent years, when the Dauphine opted to mark her nameday with more private affairs. It was once the highly anticipated start to the winter social season and many hope it will be again. It also seems the Princess and her Captain were quite the real-life fairy tale in the eyes of the realm, and everyone is watching to see who comes next.
“Right.” He drops his hand to his side. “Well, I'm glad to have met you all the same. Aren't you the same Watson that once guarded the Dauphine?”
“Thank you.” He motions to the piles of books and papers scattered around him as he gets up. “You can put all of these away if you'd like.”
That grin again. Elua. The last thing he needs today is an awestruck farmer-turned-soldier thinking he's some hero. John gives Lestrade a pointed look and picks up his vambraces. He mumbles 'excuse me' and walks away, leaving Lestrade to make whatever apologies he feels necessary.
The man's smile grates on John's limited patience. “And you still haven't. Though I am certain you will soon enough now that you are in the city.”
James stands in a dark and well-hidden alcove just around the corner from the side entrance foyer that Sherlock always uses. He found it not long ago when he came in through the same door on one of his visits. Tonight, a beggar watched until he saw Sherlock and John return to Baker Street. Not long after that, James arrived at Valerian for an evening of socializing in the salon. It was a simple thing, then, for him to slip into a corridor unseen at the first opportune moment. And now he waits.
Sherlock mumbles in his sleep and reaches for John, his arms just now realizing they are empty. John’s heart throbs and tears threaten to fill his eyes.
He’d had a good day. It seems both of them had. Those happen occasionally, even in the worst of it. That’s why he needs to do this tonight. A night and day of normalcy poured into him like an elixir, filling him with something close to hope. The mystics could help him, and he could be brave. He could fight through anything tonight if it meant getting back to days like today. Back to normal and happy.
A lone rider just ahead of him reigns in his horse and jumps down from the saddle to adjust a strap. James’ footsteps catch his attention and he turns to look at him. He is blonde, broad-shouldered and muscular, and has bright, inquisitive blue eyes.
He tries to steel himself for what’s coming. He focuses on the details around him and wills his heart to be silent. But when the crowd clears at the edge of the dance floor and he sees Sybille de la Courcel for the first time, he loses all hope of his heart obeying.
“Not much. He was kind. I saw him twice in the past two weeks. The first time he was wearing a guard’s uniform. A couple of nights ago he said he was wrapping up his business in the City and wouldn’t be returning, and then asked how much I owed on my marque. We aren’t supposed to talk about our debt with patrons, but he insisted on giving me enough to clear it. How can it be him you are looking for?”
He is showing off and waiting to see if Sherlock can keep up. He was able to today, but only by a stroke of pure luck in finding the cipher. And the message is, at the end of it all, rather useless. It is not a clue to follow further or instructions on how to respond. It does not illuminate the next step as he had hoped it would.
“I love you too. Let’s go.” He mounts his horse and follows Sherlock towards the city gates at a gallop.
John takes a half step away and turns around so that he can look directly at Sherlock when he speaks. “That you won't go after this man without me. That you won't do anything the slightest bit dangerous without me.”
“Good. I’ll need to speak with the butcher after I see the body. Any word from Lord Verreuil?” Sherlock changes momentum during a case like a pendulum, as focused and eager now with work to do as he was lethargic and apathetic just a moment ago.
There. Sherlock and John are talking with a group of people not too far away. James sets his now empty tray on a side table before heading their direction. He is almost to them when he glimpses pale blonde hair in the crowd and hears a woman’s laughter. A young lord addresses “your Highness” and asks for a dance.
“Why are you here? Was it all worth it?” He glares at the stone, unexpectedly angry and shaking. His voice becomes an anguished scream. “
“She’s still cross with me for skipping breakfast this morning. I’ll not get away with that twice in a day.”
“Sherlock.” John’s hand on his shoulder. He turns around. John is concerned about him, but he hides it well. His compassionate warrior, forever a point of strength and stability and
She tugs gently at his hip and he rolls on to his back. She is stretched out next to him on her side, propped up on her elbow. Her free hand never leaves his skin, sliding up his stomach and chest as he turns. Her warmth envelopes him. He pushes himself up with one arm and reaches for her. He caresses her cheek and finds himself in awe of the softness of her skin, the brightness of her eyes.
“Nothing. But we’ve just started searching the scene and the rest of the house. If we can manage it I don’t want to question Henri until he’s had some time to recover.”
Sherlock nods. “We can do some research tomorrow on the key, but there’s nothing left to learn here tonight.” He takes John’s hand in his and starts walking towards the door. “Let’s go home. That glass of wine sounds even better now.”
Perhaps. But Sherlock spent the day researching in the palace archives, and that could mean any number of things good and bad. John leaves the temple and turns towards the river. It’s worth the walk to see that Sherlock is safe and willing to stay that way for the night. He’ll argue when John insists on going to Gentian house alone, but he’ll understand the need for it.
Sherlock slides off of John, propping himself up on one elbow and tracing the patterns on John’s skin with his other hand. His fingers move eagerly across collarbone and sternum, travelling quickly downward; John closes his eyes and trembles. Pale, fine scars curl and flow across John’s chest and abdomen, creating a marque unlike any other. Not a testament of freedom from bondage, but rather a story of submission to it. One told in delicate, beautifully carved lines. Some are more prominent than others, ones that Sherlock returns to time and again with his blades. Others are faint and barely visible, but Sherlock remembers making them all.
Sherlock calls for Lestrade, saying something about horses. John lets him take the lead in getting them out and onto the road with mounts while he works to sort his thoughts. He sees the cliff ahead, the one his mind is hurtling towards despite all of his efforts otherwise. It is the smallest voice that pulls him forward, the one that still persists after all these months. It still wrenches him awake some nights, screaming and drenched in sweat. He failed. He failed to protect Sebastian, to fulfill his duty. And if despair over that failure is the muse for these atrocities, the blood of Anatole and Lucien and possibly Henri is on his hands as well. He failed them all that day in Carthage.
He glances over at John, what little he can see of him in the dark. He is focused, for now. An angry warrior charging to slay the monster. But when the monster falls and the boy is saved, John will fall apart at the seams. All the emotional damage he is ignoring will slay him anew, and all at once. When it does, Sherlock must be there.
Gentian House has more than just a true dreamer among its adepts, yet Sherlock is content with that being all he knows until John wishes otherwise.
Sebby’s brilliantly blue eyes brim with tears and he turns away. “You don’t understand. Dalliances outside of a royal marriage are not something that is done.”
“I don’t-” Sherlock’s piercing stare causes the Duc to stop and start again. “I only know a name. His men found me, I never spoke to him. I don’t even know if he is a real person.”
John slips out of his boots, setting them neatly on the ground by a stone bench. His temples ache when he leans over, but that is a vast improvement over this morning. He steps barefoot onto the grass, onto the holy ground of Elua's temple in the City, and breathes deeply to clear the lingering cobwebs from his mind. He walks a path he's followed a thousand times, eyes downcast, each step a wordless prayer.
“Well, I guess right now its Captain Lestrade has us after him. Sherlock had to chase a clue, so he told him to find one of us and get us searching.”
The Unseen Guild is a network of spies who sometimes recruit from the University students in Tiberium. They value secrecy above all, and have had their hands in many matters of politics and war. I'm taking a bit of artistic license with them for this story, but I can't imagine a better home for my Moriarty. The lamp is one symbol used by the Guild - members will carry coins or wear medallions with lamps on them as a way to subtly identify each other.
James blinks and Sebastian stands in front of him. Sebastian as he would be today, a decorated soldier and future king. Images of a life not lived fill James’ mind, making his heart ache. Seb laughing as they ride together through these streets, or challenging him from the other side of a well-made chess board. Smiles from the King’s box at a tourney, and perhaps even joie-laced kisses at a midwinter masque.
“I don’t know if bother is the completely right word,” she says with a smirk, “but yes. And thank you. I had a very generous patron and my marquist had an opening today. I’ll be fine tomorrow. What is it that is so urgent?”
from me! For what? Favor with the enemy? Money or the promise of power? They need to understand what they’ve done, to feel what I’ve felt.”
Molly looks a bit shaken, but she nods. “I will be. I am staying here for now and I can be more selective about my assignations. I’ll be safe.”
He asks the driver to take him to a boarding house in a decent part of the city, then closes his eyes and lets his mind wander. He never thought he would set foot in Terre D’Ange again, but the interruptions to his work are becoming troublesome and it seems the matter requires some personal attention. James is merely a patron, with no vested interest in the outcome of the requests he grants beyond his strong reputation for favorable results. An occasional failure is even expected when you are so far removed from the actual execution of a crime, so at first it was just an annoyance when the same name kept finding its way to his ears. Sherlock, Sherlock,
“Sherlock.” He bends to pick up the fragile flower. It stills shows its unmistakable striped petals despite being half crushed into the floor by a heavy foot after it fluttered from a cloak or some other clothing. He doubts that Sherlock is versed in apple genealogy, but it takes just a moment for him to gather what details he needs from John’s voice and face and the proffered flower.
So many of his recent cases were Moriarty's work, and even if that were not true he can't imagine the man took the news of Alba well. Common crimes are one thing; orchestrating a successful coup against the Cruarch would have been the highlight of Moriarty's career. It makes sense. So why the need to send so cryptic a message?
Lestrade is in his office with his head buried in paperwork despite the late hour. It seems even a peaceful city is no match for the man’s addiction to his work. He jumps when John knocks on the doorframe. “John! Oh. And Sherlock. What can I help you with?”
John keeps his eyes steady on the Duc for a long moment. When he speaks, he drops his hands down to his sides, unarmed. “Philippe? Come in.” He sits, motioning for the Duc to join him, and the Duc wisely does as requested. Sherlock watches John pull himself together for the sake of the child, still perilously rough around the edges.
“What is your name, child?” John’s voice is steady and gentle, his face as kind as he can make it in the circumstances.
The guard nods and leaves quickly, John says something to the boy, and the Duc drops his head into his hands. Perhaps he is coming to terms with where tonight will end. Sherlock gives him a moment to do so and doesn’t think about anything in particular. Details of the case shift about in his mind. A line of thought leads him to another recent case, and then to an older one. Suddenly a signature emerges and he just
Sherlock looks up as two kitchen maids walk towards him from the orchards, talking cheerily and carrying a bushel of apples between them. For once today the noise is enough to pull him out of his reverie. He looks past the girls to see the sun nearing the tops of the trees. The day is growing late, and he should get back to John.
“It seems the stalemate has ended.” Sherlock picks up the box and starts to unwrap it. John stands up next to him and slips his hand around his waist. The wrapping falls to the floor and reveals a lightweight wooden box. Sherlock takes a breath and opens the hinged lid. Inside the box, sitting on a silk cloth, is a long green stem capped with a cluster of small, delicate pink flowers.
Sherlock, carrying Rosie on his hip, leisurely heads down the next aisle where they spot children's potty chairs. Sherlock stops short. Rosie reaches out for them and makes excited noises.
I mean, we know you don't HAVE to jump in the sack right away... but geez, could you pick up the pace a smidgen, you two? This is taking forever!
John turns off the monitor and heads out of the room. Sherlock watches him lovingly as he leaves. Nazir eyes Sherlock. Sherlock continues to gaze dopily at the doorway that John has vacated.
I'm not sure I'll even be able to climax, John. Twice in one day is a bit unheard of for me... it may take too long.
You can tell me to go slower or stop whenever you need. Vatican Cameos aren't just for me, you know.
The corners of Sherlock's mouth quirk up in a grin and he reaches for the towel. Despite John's feeble attempts to stop him, Sherlock uncovers the sex toys.
I've checked all the venues. The names Watson or Holmes aren't on any of their will-call lists. John isn't very inventive so I also checked the usual suspects: Hooper, Hudson, Sholto, Stamford... there is a Morstan on one of the lists, but I doubt he would use that name.
The sound of John exclaiming loudly as he climaxes can be heard through the door, followed by water running. Presently, John exits the bathroom looking contented and sleepy.
"Good. I'm glad we're on the same page," he replied. John sensed his cheeks and ears burning, and hastily turned back to setting off once again.
Holmes, sorry to cut the stakeout short, but there's been a robbery a few streets over. Wanna tag along?
Sherlock sits at the kitchen table looking grumpily at a cup of tea. Rosie runs over and climbs onto his lap. She helps herself to the biscuit Sherlock hasn't finished.
John grips a little tighter and slides both his hands up and down Sherlock's shaft excruciatingly slowly.
John leans down to retrieve it, and Sherlock is quickly at his side, picking it up as well. They both hold the spoon and Sherlock attempts to gaze deeply into John's eyes. John glowers at him.
Sherlock narrows his eyes at Lestrade trying to deduce him. It is brief. He plasters a smile on his face again.
Nothing tops letting one's criminally insane sister nearly kill us all. Good lord, that damned well she chained you into! Poor Rosie would have been orphaned.
For starters, you left my bed neater than I ever do. Hospital corners. It has to be that military training of yours.
Sherlock, he accompanied you on a case today, which he never does, and you didn't even give him a proper thanks or goodbye.
"Mycroft, what are you just standing around for?" snapped Sherlock, "Shouldn’t you be out getting me a pardon or something? Moriarty’s back! Didn't you hear?"
John shudders as he comes and comes, his anal muscles constricting around Sherlock's fingers, cum pumping into Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock accepts it readily, savoring all of it.
A tiny step back, is all. Not spending every night together would be a good start. Would take some of the pressure off, don't you think?
Oh my God! Can you stop being a hopeless romantic for one second and entertain the idea that Sherlock Holmes is NOT in love with me?
Rosie and I have lived here nearly two years, and you are saying I never noticed you had a girlfriend? Let alone THIS particular girlfriend?
Fine. As you are well aware, Gregory and I have been in a relationship for several months. In many ways it is going well...
Making a decision, he jumps off the chair, returns it to its spot, scoops up his laptop from the table and carries it along with the shopping bag out through the kitchen.
Sherlock's phone pings, meanwhile the police radio cackles with information. Nazir and Sherlock both grab their phones anxiously.
“I thought my men could handle it.” The look Sherlock gives him says everything he needs to about the competency of the average city guardsman. “I know. I’m sorry. Just come now, all right? Please.”
His heart skips as he considers his escape routes again. Seb’s presence fills the halls and rooms of this place, making it difficult for him to stay focused. He could be away from the palace, away from
“Lestrade! Did you find him?” A tall, thin man with a mess of dark curls on his head starts speaking before his feet touch the ground.
John stands up, sliding his hands deftly to rest on the pommels of his daggers as he does. Sherlock readies himself to intervene if necessary, but stays silent. “Please, Richard.
They ride to Mandrake House, where James is ordered to guard the entrance. He adjusts his new helmet and settles in to do his duty until his prey arrives. A while later there is a commotion when the boy is brought out, terrified but on his own feet. Seems another failure will be on James’ record. The child is quickly bundled into a closed carriage and taken away. The Captain gives instructions to a few of the other men outside, and two more horses come galloping up the road.
John leans back in his chair by the hearth and closes his eyes for just a moment of rest. When he opens them, the room is filled with early morning light and he can hear Mrs. Hudson moving about downstairs. He scrubs a hand over his face and tries to figure out how long he was asleep. A couple of hours, perhaps. It will have to do.
“I don’t.” The thought of John venturing through the often chaotic streets of Night’s Doorstep and Mont Nuit without him was frightening. Sherlock’s waifs were watching him, of course, but they couldn’t defend him. And for all that John was in better spirits today, he still wasn’t himself and people went missing there all the time. It would be all too easy for Moriarty to act. Unlikely, perhaps, but easy. “Let me share a carriage with you. You can leave me at Valerian for the night –I’ll be as safe there as here.”
“They were talking about houses? And flowers. And where they could go without being seen or heard. That’s all, really. I only caught a few words.”
“No. Is there anything at all that connects him to Lucien? Common enemies or rivals?” Sherlock walks towards the stairwell leading up to the temple, obviously done with his inspection.
“Yes, sire. I woke the stable boy and told him to be swift, but I’ll wait here till he fetches them.” John can’t help smiling at the boy’s eagerness, though his amusement is dampened by the thought that Philippe must be about the same age as Henri Rinefort.
A flash of light, a fire in his chest, and a captain’s scream. John watches blood pour into the sand beneath him, not caring that it’s his.
The boy looks nervously at the Duc, but John’s calm tone keeps him talking. “Tell me what you heard.”
The innkeeper shakes his head and says something else, but James stops listening. He has what he needs. It takes him no time at all to make the right casual inquiries at the next two taverns to learn about the kidnappings. He remembers one of his men mentioning a similar situation, but it was one he chose to not handle directly given who was making the request. Could he have stumbled into one of his own crimes, with Sherlock already in pursuit? How could he possibly pass on the opportunity to see this one play out in person?
The gifts of Kushiel to his scions are many, and for all of them Sherlock is grateful. To be otherwise would be blasphemous. But this is no rival or enemy with weaknesses to manipulate. This is the physical embodiment of Sherlock’s heart, the one soul in the world he cannot live without.
“Oh, John.” Sherlock sits up and turns towards John, folding one leg underneath himself and scooting in close. He reaches up with his hand and touches John’s far cheek, nudging his head to turn. “John.” When John finally looks at him, his jaw is clenched tight and his eyes brim with tears.
“I still want to see his rooms. He’s much cleverer than most of your men.” Moriarty told Molly that he was Richard for a reason. Sherlock is certain the guards missed something. Something that is meant for him to find so that the game may proceed. He is both afraid of and intrigued by what that might be.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow at him but doesn’t question his certainty. “We should speak to the house guards before we go, make sure he isn’t allowed in again. Molly, I pray that he was truthful with you. But please believe me when I say he is not a good man, and he will stop at nothing to get me out of his way. You have to be careful.”
“Gentlemen, I am Édouard. Molly returned from the marquist not two hours ago and asked that I bring you to her room, if that is suitable to you?”
For all that he wants to hate this place, for all that he despises the gods who dwell here, he finds the cobblestone and white stone surrounding him almost comforting. He walks aimlessly, resting in this small bit of peace. A thread of Sebastian lives here. He once called this home.
He finds the stone easily enough. It is still crisply carved and free from the wears of time that have eroded the others. He stands in front of it for a moment, just breathing, until suddenly breathing becomes impossible. His heart pounds heavy in his chest and his hands tremble. He knew, of course. He knew days after it happened, in far more detail than he wanted. But that was just a report, just words. Words could be wrong, couldn’t they? It was an illogical, unlikely, miniscule hope that James clung to more fiercely than he is willing to admit. But the words weren’t wrong, and Seb’s stone stands as irrefutable proof of his absence from the world.
John looks away for a second and then relaxes and rests his forehead on Sherlock’s. Sherlock sends silent prayers of gratitude to Elua and to Kushiel, for bringing John home in time. For not letting Sherlock face this frightening, fascinating foe unanchored.
The late summer sun warms the field as the boys go round after round. Sebby was first handed a wooden short-sword by his father’s master-at-arms when he was barely more than a toddler, and it shows in the developing deftness of his movements. James is not as good, but he is still impressive given that he has had no formal training. When they finally sheath their swords, they are both breathing hard and ignoring small injuries.
Sherlock gives her a quick smile before heading up the stairs. Mrs. Hudson starts singing softly while she stokes the fire, and Sherlock can almost believe in the moment that she is right. Of course she’s not, things are far from over, but perhaps they will be blessed with a reprieve.  Elua knows they need one.
Sebastian de Somerville dusts himself off and stands as tall as his eleven-year-old frame will allow, but it’s hopeless. James has two years on him in age, and he’d gone through a growth spurt recently that gave him a considerable advantage in sparring. Never one to back down from a challenge, though, Sebby wipes a hand across his face and picks up his practice sword from the ground. He stands light on his feet, waiting for his friend to come at him again. The fallow field around them lays quiet. James smirks at him and raises his own sword.
Lestrade catches up to him as he walks into the guard house. “Have time for a pint? I just need a few minutes to finish things here.”
“Go. I’ll be right here when you return.” Sherlock picks up his latest Alban history text and settles on the couch, looking as calm as he can manage. He watches John carefully for the few minutes it takes him to ready to leave and makes an unsettling realization. If Moriarty knows nothing of John, pushing him away is the smart thing to do. If Sherlock is too late though, if Moriarty already knows, then John will be vulnerable on his own.
“If you get any more irritated you’re going to anger everyone to the point that they won’t talk to you, and Lucien can’t afford for that to happen. Please.”
Niamh studies him a moment. “Cassiel has forsaken you, on that you are right.” John swallows and clenches his jaw, fighting back tears. “Instead of dying with honor, you lived in disgrace, and that is his price. But he is one god of many, and a young one at that.”
Sherlock watches John move through the ballroom with rapt attention. It is easy to forget that this was once John’s daily life. That the King calls him by his first name. During the winters that Sherlock was doing all in his power to avoid palace events, John was probably at every one of them. He navigates the social expectations with ease, smiling and making small talk, all the while never letting down his guard. He no doubt knows the location of every guard in the room, and not once as they make their way through the crowd does he lose track of Sherlock. He would be able to find him in a heartbeat even if he were across the room. It’s always fascinating to observe this side of him, a Casseline truly in his element, and tonight he is more confident and happy than usual. It’s a beautiful thing to see.
A young girl leads him to a private salon and asks him to wait. A few moments later, a man walks in. He is about Sherlock’s height, but with broad shoulders and a more muscular build. He wears the simple cuts and muted hues characteristic of the house, and his mahogany hair is gathered in a long plait down his back. Pale green eyes gaze kindly out from a beautifully angled face.
Preferring a bit more privacy to work out the message, Sherlock gathers book, parchment, and all of his notes into his satchel. He leaves a small purse of coins to thank the scribe for his help and walks quickly up three flights of stairs to the main level of the palace. Darting through a servant's door, he winds his way around to a rarely used veranda in view of the royal orchards. He has several escapes like this in the palace, a result of growing up in Mycroft's socially elite shadow, and they are often just as useful now as they were then.
Sherlock clears his throat and glances down to remind himself what he’d been reading. “Actually rather interesting. This chapter is an account of a Lord Teirnan’s coronation, originally written by a priest of Naamah that was in attendance.”
An hour passes before they say goodnight and see her off with their gratitude and promises to come down soon for tea. John closes the door behind her and turns around with an odd look on his face. He makes his way to his chair in front of the fire before speaking, and Sherlock sits across from him.
Satisfied that he has done all he can to keep John out of harm's way, Sherlock walks back upstairs and closes the door. He immediately goes to the coin, picking it up and studying it closely. He starts filtering through his knowledge of ciphers and coded languages as he skims the bookcases for texts he might need. John is safe, and there is work to be done.
Until an afternoon in a barn loft spent learning what it means to be intimate, to be vulnerable. To be laid bare in front of someone in every way that matters. Beneath the trappings of social class and economic fortune, they are both D’Angeline. James may not have the blood of Anael in his veins as Sebby does, but he is no less one of Elua’s children. They are each tasked to love without regard for crowns or thrones.
She smiles, softer this time. “Good.” Tristan returns to conduct the necessary business matters of the night and in not much time at all, Niamh leads him through the hallways and stairs to her door. She opens it to a room of warm colors and soft light, furnished with simple, comfortable things. In one corner, an apprentice sits abeyante beside a large tub of steaming water.
An Umaiyyati soldier slices deeply into Sebastian’s center. His scream of pain is joined by others, echoing loudly from every direction as wooden swords prove futile against real blades. Too late, John’s hands go for his daggers. He is too weak to unsheathe them and has no hope of throwing one. Blood, heat and the screams of dying children drown him and he collapses.
“Fair enough.” Lestrade grabs a scrap of paper from his desk and writes down an address. “I asked the landlord to keep it empty for the rest of the month Brooke leased. Had a feeling it might be something more important that a run-away guard. Just tell him I sent you.” He starts to hand the paper to Sherlock and pauses, holding it out of reach. “What is this all about? Should I be worried?”
When they reach the hall, it is alive with music and people. All the ruling houses of Terre D’ange are represented, and quite a lot of lesser nobility as well. There would be no shortage of suitable young courtiers for the Dauphine to dance with tonight. John prays Elua will guide her mercifully through the perils of courtship as a future queen, and that she will find love in a soul worthy of her.
Sherlock glances at the other rider that arrived with him. James hadn’t given him much thought until now. Sandy blond hair cut short, layman clothes but Casseline weapons. Interesting. He stands silent a few paces behind Sherlock, his face grim and his body balanced for combat. “Your second guard will be arriving with the surrendered Duc de Somerville in a few hours, he can tell you everything you need to know. I will fill in the details later if you wish, but right now John and I must attend to more urgent matters.”
First things first - I am so sorry this took so long! I lose all sense of structured days in the summers and life just kept me busy. But I did write some, and I hope you'll accept my peace offering of two (non-beta'd, hopefully not terrible) chapters at once.
James takes the bottle and sips from it, staring straight ahead as he speaks. “It is highbrow. It doesn’t fit you.”
He sighs and runs fingers through his hair as he sits up. All of the records of the case lay scattered on his desk, waiting to be organized and handed off to the courts for the Duc de Somerville’s trial. He will most likely be standing trial alone – none of the evidence or statements point clearly enough to anyone else. It seems Sherlock was right that the actual culprits would be long gone with their gold. The only real lead Lestrade managed to find is just a name -
Sherlock knows so few facts about Moriarty. He can say nothing about his appearance, his country of origin or residence, his daily life, or even if he is in fact a man. But he can speak on his mind, how he thinks, some of his personality. He has no doubt Moriarty could say the same of him. It all comes to light in details of the work as it would in brushstrokes of a master painter. He can identify the silken thread that weaves through all of Moriarty's cases. He can hear genius and madness carried through whispered secrets. He does not know the man Moriarty, but he knows his mind and his heart.
Sherlock paces along one wall of the Verreuil sitting room, lost in his thoughts. Lucien died in the same way as Anatole, and his body was treated in a similar manner. The butcher was completely innocent, merely a victim of having a shop that is easy to get into at night. And the culprit was as careful as the first time. An entire day’s work found no tracks, no clues, no hints that could point them in any direction. They had no way to deduce who might be the next target, and no choice but to wait for them to be taken. It was beyond infuriating, and Sherlock could not stop running his mind in circles looking for the chink in his opponent’s armor.
A knock on the closed door to Lestrade’s office brings him out of his thoughts. He glances over the disarray of his desk and sighs. He should have gone home when he had the chance. Another run of fingers through hair, another headache, another late night.
He closes the door to their rooms behind him, glancing at the blades and vambraces just inside it. They are carefully placed, not flung across the couch or hanging on the chair as they should be.
Sherlock lays his violin in its case as John walks up the stairs to their rooms. He’d left word of where he was going, but all the same Sherlock feels calmer at the sound of his step on the boards. He overhears Mrs. Hudson telling him she will bring dinner up in a bit, and his cheerful response. Visiting the temple had been a good idea.
That said, Chapter 5 may take a while. More life happening. But I will write when I can, and make sure it's worth the wait when it does go up. :)
Eager to know, but also oddly frightened of that knowledge, Sherlock goes first to pick up the book. A quick inspection shows that time has loosened the binding glue and opened a pocket hidden cleverly between the endsheet and the back cover. He missed it earlier. Heart thumping, he walks over to and picks up the parchment. It is blank on one side, but he flips it over to see an embossed lamp similar to the one etched on his coin. He rubs his thumb lightly over the raised image, very aware of how many centuries might have passed since it was hidden away. What secret was so carefully protected for so long? Curiosity quickly overcomes any fears he had. He sits and gently unfolds the fragile paper.
“I’m honestly surprised her husband offered to pay us anyway. Private work is profitable at least, if frustrating.” He stops himself from saying his next thought, but he can tell from John’s face that he knows it anyway. John looks at him for a long moment before speaking.
Your closet, top shelf, storage box, left-hand side. You may want to give it a good airing before wearing it though.
You know, A big hunk of salt crystal that they stick a light bulb inside... the bulb heats the salt crystal and it’s supposed to release healing vapors into the air.
If I recall correctly, you value his opinion quite a lot. Has he much to say about your new relationship?
"Just as you've always done, John Watson... looking after both of us," Sherlock said with a quiet smile. John licked both his palms generously—in lieu of any available lubricant, it was the best nature had to offer—and placed a hand on each of their cocks. Sherlock gasped again at the feeling of John's hand back on his erection, now
Which one Sherlock? Which one of my jumpers are you imagining as you shag me... or, more accurately, as I shag you... riding your cock, hmm?
John looks at him startled. Sherlock rushes back to him and grabs John's hands, sniffing them all over. He dives into John's pocket after the bottles of lotion.
These! See? What happened, Sherlock? You haven't needed to use them for, what, two months? Why now all of a sudden?
When John returns, Sherlock closes his eyes as if sleeping. John stands by the bed deep in thought, having regrets that their lovely sexual exploration ended in an unpleasant spat.
Mrs. Hudson sits in John's chair reading a book. The door opens and John and Sherlock walk in. Mrs. Hudson smiles at them.
Marta chuckles as she leaves. John shrugs and sits down on the sofa. Sherlock sits down next to him.
John eats lunch at his desk. He checks his phone messages and frowns when he sees he has none. He blows out a breath nervously, and sends Sherlock a text.
Sherlock puts the book down for a moment and cocks his head at John, perplexed by the inquiry. John sighs with annoyance, and starts folding laundry. Sherlock returns to reading. John mulls something over as he carefully folds a shirt.
I spend all day listening to people go on and on about their health problems... which reminds me, how are you feeling?
Through the barrier of John's thin pants, Sherlock traced John's long and prominent erection with his thumb as John threw his head back and sighed blissfully. Sherlock was suddenly filled with two compatible compulsions: one, to touch John's cock, and two, to bring the man pleasure
John nods. Sherlock resumes his stroking and probing once more, adding an internal prostate massage into the routine. John begins to shake, trying to stave off the orgasm.
I didn't dare book a table at a fancy restaurant, Mrs. Hudson. I figured he would have called every restaurant in London trying to track down the reservation.
The sudden soft look on Sherlock's face seems to say he begs to differ. John gently grabs Sherlock by the lapels of his coat.
Sherlock grinned back sheepishly. John inhaled deeply and once again resumed pushing the stroller up the block. At the corner, he glanced back to find Sherlock still standing outside 221 Baker Street, watching them go.
There is an enthusiastic response on the other end of the line and Molly briefly pulls the phone away from her ear and smiles.
How long has this been going on, Mrs. Hudson? Just last week John was insisting they weren't a couple. I tried setting him up with one of my friends, for heaven's sake!
Sherlock takes hold of John's available hand and places it over Sherlock's heart. John feels Sherlock's racing heartbeat and looks at his face in alarm.
Unlike laundry, I am not totally useless in the kitchen, John. You'll find I'm excellent at chopping things. Big dice is one-centimeter cubed, small dice is a half-centimeter cubed, minced is two-millimeters cubed. Which do you want?
I love you dearly, but this chronic lack of self confidence in yourself is maddening and tiresome...
John chuckles and smiles appreciatively at Sherlock's joke. Sherlock has a small smile on his face. John and Sherlock gaze at each other for another moment.
They sat in silence during the cab ride home, each gazing out of their respective windows. Although, to Sherlock's surprise, John ran a steady knuckle up and down the side of Sherlock's thigh. Sherlock reveled in the tingly desire it generated in him.
Sherlock is back to work typing away on his computer feverishly. He happens to glance at John who is staring at him with admiration.
Sherlock and John comfort Mrs. Hudson after she has just been attacked and tied up by American agents looking for Irene Adler's phone in 221B Baker Street. However, Mrs. Hudson proves to be cleverer than John anticipated: She has slipped the phone out of the flat without the Americans noticing.
You aren't wrong there. Well, as safewords go, it's bloody awful. But we'll use it for now. And let's just pray we don't have to resort to it, all right?
Yes. And I already apologized for it, if I recall. But I also seem to remember you insisting I continue with the foot rub.
Yes, Nazir fed me. She knows how much I like Pakistani cuisine and she knows all the good places... this one was particularly good; I'll take you sometime.
Sherlock opens the door carefully. He already has a frown on his face. He notes the red pants still sitting in the same spot; his expression doesn't change. He closes the door softly.
It's the heart part I'm worried about. We can't go around with John loving me and me not loving him back! It's a massive problem. It simply won't do!
Sherlock registered the presence of his older brother looming nearby; which did not sit well with him.
Seems like there were a lot of things that went on tonight that weren't as bad as you thought they would be.
Rosie makes kissing noises. Sherlock walks over and plants a kiss on the top of her head, to her delight.
Yes, well, she's seems to be the only one who can put up with my quirks... she has the potential to be a halfway decent police inspector if she'd only put her mind to it... and she's the only officer who doesn't mind when I mistakenly call them 'John'.
When you are parenting a toddler, approximately 50% of all conversations revolve around potty training strategies & techniques.
John bends his knees and lifts his hips so Sherlock can slide his pant off him. They are tossed on the floor with the rest of the clothing. Sherlock kisses John's right knee while his right hand lightly caresses John's hungry cock.
Sherlock works on his laptop in bed. John enters from the bathroom in pajamas and observes him curiously.
So good with your tongue, Sherlock. Nice to see you using it for something other than mouthing off --
Sherlock pricks his ears at this and a pleased smile crosses his face. Rosie sounds like she's calming down and Sherlock walks over to turn off the baby monitor.
Sherlock looks stunned by this new information. He paces harder with his eyes wide and fingers pressed to his lips in thought.
Apparently, when two horses are in love, they need be always kept together otherwise they cause such a fuss that it makes everyone around them miserable.
Honestly, SOME people would be delighted by it even. Weren't you just remarking on having a free afternoon together?
You are beginning to sound like a smug married couple... wanting to fix up all your singleton friends.
John raises the umbrella to cover both their heads. Sherlock gazes down softly at John. John glances away shyly.
"No, it isn't," John admitted, with a touch of remorse in his eyes, as if he'd let loose a well-kept secret. Sherlock looked up at him with pure curiosity.
What are you doing, John? He's clearly asexual like Audrey said... or there's some other underlying physical condition. He's not manipulating you, John. So why are you trying to manipulate him? Stop trying to trick Sherlock into having sex with you.
Sherlock tries to take the rice cooker out of John's hands. John glares at Sherlock for acting like a pest.
Astronomy, yes. In a binary star system, two stars orbit around a common center. They both have their own independent orbits but harmoniously share the same corner of space. Are you with me so far?
Fun fact: I accidentally pasted this entire chapter into a spreadsheet of a shared Google Doc for work, and then spent nearly an hour trying to fix it and cover my tracks! Whoopsies.
So... go shower, shave, and put on something charming. This is vitally important. You might not get another opportunity. Do you understand me? This could be your one and only chance, Sherlock Holmes.
That seemed like that was a good one if the volume level of your orgasm has anything to do with it, John.
Sherlock's bell-end was leaking generously, and John, in his cleverness, collected the pre-cum with his fingertips and added it as lubricant to Sherlock's shaft. John kept up the steady pace of the strokes with a gentle but firm grip, and Sherlock knew he wouldn't last much longer. There wasn't a lot he could do about the small cries that periodically escaped his throat; and John replied to each one with a quiet, appreciative curse—"
John heads to the kitchen. Sherlock returns to thinking, but occasionally spies on John from his chair.
Sherlock freezes in the doorway with his back to the others. His shoulders sag. John's face goes red with embarrassment, rage, and jealousy. Sherlock straightens up and exits, Irene strides after him confidently, and John follows in a huff.
John complies, his eyes returning to watching Sherlock's face. John spread his legs wide and Sherlock kneels in the space John has created. Sherlock carefully studies the lay of the land: John's rock-hard cock waiting for his touch.
John busies himself buttoning up Sherlock's coat for him and making sure Sherlock's scarf is tucked inside. Sherlock gives John a kiss.
Sherlock's mouth is on John's, kissing him roughly, with such need. John places his hands on Sherlock's waist, but Sherlock bats them away. He holds John's chin firmly.
Sherlock leans down over him. John gives Sherlock a deep lusty kiss. John's hands roam over Sherlock, including Sherlock's growing erection.
Her uni roommate. You said she's an international student, but knows no one here in London. Buys Chinatown plastic slippers, so she's probably not from a wealthy family either. She must have a roommate.
Where to begin? Since you brought up "relationships", let's define that a bit. Will this merely be a flatmates-that-kiss thing, or something more substantial? What kind of relationship do we want to have? Casual or Serious? Strings-attached or no strings-attached? Romantic? Physical? Sexual? Exclusive or not-exclusive? Will we be "boyfriends" or some other label? Will we want to make it public or keep it on the down low?
John raises his head and replaces his mouth with his left hand, trying to stroke Sherlock over the edge. He continues to finger Sherlock's anus, even as Sherlock's hips buck up in climax.
No worries. Maybe it'll help whet her appetite, even. But she needs a little time to get composed before seeing visitors. Hope you two don't mind waiting here for a few.
Sherlock sat in his leather chair in 221B Baker Street, idly scrolling through his phone. It had been a productive day -- three cases solved before lunch, not bad for a Saturday -- and the afternoon sunlight filtering in through the sitting room windows began to make him a little sleepy. He almost didn't hear John descending the stairs from the upstairs bedroom. Sherlock, pretending to be more awake than he was, grinned as John quietly entered and closed the door to the sitting room behind him.
I'm sorry you've been ingesting this silly psycho-babble for far too long, Mr. Holmes... but something tells me you don't wholly believe it yourself.
Sherlock's kisses grow gentler for a moment. He rests his forehead against John's forehead. Both men close their eyes, trying to rein in their desire. It takes all of John's willpower to keep his hands off Sherlock, to keep from caressing him.
I’ve been looking forward to this one in particular. The sales clerk went to great lengths explaining how it could be used to stimulate one's partner externally or internally.
I care for her deeply. I admire her greatly. In the abstract, she and I may seem to be well-suited for each other, but in reality, we were far from it.
John scoops up the sex toys in a towel and hurries to the bathroom and closes the door. Sherlock can hear the water running.
John pushes a half-filled shopping trolley down an aisle with Rosie in the child's seat. Sherlock trails behind a bit petulantly.
John stays silent. He studies Sherlock's face from the corner of his eye as they cross an intersection and continue down the sidewalk.
Mica, I'm impressed! Already potty training! The toilets are down that path there, Angeline. Dorian! Do you want to try to use the potty? Mica's going.
Sherlock chuckles and John slows his kisses. He gathers wipes from the nightstand and swabs down Sherlock's chest and groin, as well as his own chest. Afterward, he settles his head on Sherlock's chest, listening carefully.
John returns his focus to Sherlock's groin, to give it the close inspection it deserves. He runs a finger down Sherlock's well-endowed penis. Sherlock squirms.
Sherlock, you seem so bent on probing my arse. But you will do so properly... with exam gloves and lube, understand? Now, go fetch my medical bag from the sitting room. I have gloves in there.
Or... yes to hanky-panky, and you sleep in late tomorrow morning, and I watch Rosie while you take a late-morning jog. Hmmm?
You can't know what a lovely sensation it is to feel you like this.. to know how much pleasure it must be giving you.
John carries crying Rosie out of the room and upstairs. Sherlock looks up from his phone and watches them go pensively.
Rosie, you know what that sound means! Time for a potty break. Come on Rosie! It won't take but a moment. Come on, then.
Sherlock spends the better part of two scenes pestering John and ruffling feathers. We are introduced to new characters.
Unbelievable. Do they look at you strange when you drop off your dirty socks and sopping wet towels?
John sits back on the edge of the bed and props himself up on his elbows to better enjoy the show. He watches Sherlock extricate his impossibly long legs from his tight trousers. Sherlock stands in front of John in his dark grey boxer briefs. John can't help but notice how the dark pants contrast nicely with Sherlock's pale skin.
John squeezes his knob as punishment, but it causes him to moan out in pleasure instead. A look of realization and a smile crosses John's face.
You may be a jealous prick, but I am a possessive one. And a show off. I may have wanted to flaunt our relationship a bit.
to see Sherlock. It was just that he constantly wrestled with wishing to put more emotional space between himself and his friend, and missing Sherlock so terribly that he grew agitated for days leading up to these visits. He sighed to relieve his agitation as he transferred Rosie to his other hip and knocked on the door.
You could ask John Watson to join you for the race. Sherlock mentioned John's taken up running again. Well, I say "mention", but it's more like Sherlock whinging about it incessantly... something or other about his running tights.
Sherlock, scruffy and looking knackered, lounges in his chair and sends a text. It reads: WHY NOT COME OVER?
Mycroft’s eyebrows raise, but he says nothing and moves away. Mary and the security officers move away as well.
"Let's see... you either ignore it, or scoff, or roll your eyes, or get annoyed and angry, or say 'please be serious', or launch into a lecture," Sherlock rattled off, "It would appear you have an entire arsenal of responses to all my flimsy attempts at flirting, John."
Well, let's not keep you up all night. I'll escort you downstairs so I can shower you with more thanks.
Sherlock gets up and walks over to John with a seductive grin. He places his arms around John's waist.
Sherlock gently puts his finger under John's chin to tilt him up so he can kiss him properly. They snog under the umbrella. Audrey notices and smiles.
Sherlock sets a rhythm, bobbing up and down on John's cock. Sherlock uses the fingertips of his left hand to caress John's scrotum, while his right hand freely explores the cleft of John's arse. John stiffens when Sherlock's fingertip presses up against his arsehole.
5:20? 5:20!? We'll never get back to Central London in forty minutes! Quick Nazir, call Lestrade! It's an emergency!
Well, you don't seem to care for the sound all that much, and neither does Mrs. Hudson for that matter.
Sherlock is in a crabby mood all weekend long. John and Sherlock have a row in a Tesco. Sherlock has a hard time mind palacing. Sherlock finally finds some release Sunday night.
John places his left hand at the base of Sherlock's penis and continues to lick the top half, as Sherlock's erection comes back to life. John prepares himself to take the head of Sherlock's prick in his mouth once again.
evident attraction to him almost more than Sherlock could bear. This attraction, this connection, was not as hopelessly one-sided as Sherlock had long believed, and Sherlock struggled to keep himself from getting lost in his thoughts—there would be time for that later, right now
John sets to work, his right hand on Sherlock's heart, his left around the base of Sherlock's erection, and his mouth gently bobbing up and down on Sherlock's tip. John, in amazement, feels Sherlock's heart rate quiet down while Sherlock's erection stays rock hard. He brings his right hand back to Sherlock's groin to assist his efforts in stroking and mouthing Sherlock's cock.
Sherlock braces against the shower wall and bends his knees so their two cocks are side by side. John encircles his fingers around both their lower shafts. John uses his other hand to massage the top half of their respective cocks simultaneously. Sherlock grabs the back of John's neck gently as he takes in this new sensation.
"Time you woke up, Sherlock," a mustachioed John Watson was saying. Moriarty was swiftly dispatched. Holmes and Watson briefly discussed how Sherlock would execute his waking up, and then Sherlock sailed out over the waterfall.
On Tuesday, Sherlock woke up early enough to join John in dropping off Rosie at her nursery, and then talked John into picking up some coffee at a nearby shop before going their separate ways for work. Sherlock did his very best to flirt with the handsome barista taking his order, and was rewarded with a lecture from John about holding up the line with "needless banter", but it was hard to tell if his friend was more upset by the flirting or by the delay in getting his caffeine fix.
John breaks off the kiss, steps back, and grins hugely, like the cat who caught the canary. Sherlock, wild-eyed, paces the kitchen in agitation.
Dr. Herscher (70's, stern-looking, bespectacled, small) sits at her large desk writing notes. There's a knock at her door.
Our usual suspects are Columbia, Bolivia, and Peru...The label is written in English and Spanish, which supports that theory...
Sherlock flips John face down on the mattress and yanks his hips up until John's knees are bent and his arse is in the air. Sherlock pulls John's ass cheeks apart and licks slowly along the crack. John moans.
Well, Dr. Watson, that's precisely what I would like to know. How are my clients being mysteriously drugged? It would appear that someone is attempting to frame me.
Heart palpitations... it's racing like crazy. You're drenched with sweat here. Your breathing is too irregular. Might not be good.
Sherlock does so, and John slips a pillow underneath Sherlock’s hips. Sherlock's got a pout on his face, but is awfully curious about what John is doing, too.
My hunch is it's the opposite. But I don't know how it's possible. How could the murdered person end up with a gun in his hand?
Yes, I am aware. It's precisely why I haven't told you that it's John I've been dating the past few months.
Well, I think he's going to like it. But I'd like to shorten them an inch and perhaps take them in a bit.
Sherlock slides the finger partway out, and then slowly inserts two fingers. The feeling is fuller, much fuller, and John grits his teeth as his anus is stretched.
John reaches for the lube and squirts some out on both hands. He places both hands on Sherlock's waiting cock, one hand stroking the shaft, the other lightly fondling the bell-end. Sherlock arches his body into John's hands in response.
John leaned down and kissed Sherlock; quickly, gently, as if he had done it a hundred times before. He turned to walk to his own chair, only to stop short after two steps as the full realization of what he had just done sunk in.
I'll not have pig parts cluttering up my hallway, Sherlock Holmes! I'll have the deliveryman take them straight down to the basement, thank you very much.
Angeline hoots with laughter and grabs Sherlock's arm to steady herself. Sherlock beams proudly. Audrey sighs heavily and walks off in defeat. John frowns and head over to join the kids, plopping down grumpily in the sandpit.
While John recovers, Sherlock removes the butt plug from John's bum, disposes of the condom and cleans up. He plucks up the larger metal butt plug.
John would want to be prepared though. He wouldn't want to run the risk of the tickets running out. No, he's reserved them under an assumed name, and he's picking them up today. He couldn't pick them up any earlier or I would have sniffed them out.
John nods sleepily. Sherlock uses a wipe for John's penis and another for his backside. Once done with the clean-up, Sherlock turns off the light and lies down next to John, snuggling up to him.
Let's not pretend you don't have my entire CV memorized already, Mr. Holmes. I am happy to tell you whatever you like. I'm an open book. You don't need to try to weasel anything out of me.
Since I'll be sleeping in your room now, it will be handy for me to have some space for my stuff, too.
John walks away down the pavement. Sherlock watches him go for a few moments before turning back to Barts.
On the contrary. From what you've told me these past couple of months, you've been able to openly express your limitations with him, and he has for the most part heard them and respected them. This has allowed you the security and freedom to develop emotionally and sexually.
It was starting to become difficult for Sherlock to keep his eyes and mind focused, but he tried his mightiest for John.
Outside 221 Baker Street, Sherlock asked the cabby to wait, pre-paying him to drive Lupita home. Lupita was happy to see them, but equally happy to be getting home and did not ask much about their evening. Sherlock accompanied her downstairs and helped her into the cab.
I'm much too worn out to be faking anything, at the moment. And anyway, preventing myself from manufacturing false and manipulative emotions is something I've been working hard on with my therapist...
No, she's not old enough, and potty training is a huge time commitment, Sherlock. Huge. You have no idea.
It's all Sherlock, I swear! I don't know what's gotten into him today, and frankly it's driving me batty.
Sherlock raises his head, using his available hand to continue stroking John's penis. He smiles slyly.
John adds a little more pressure to the hand-job, never changing his fingertip’s position in Sherlock's bum. Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut and lolls his head against the headboard with pleasure.
It's not arguing, it's discussing. You are so keen on us discussing all aspects of our relationship, remember?
Sherlock grabs the container and drizzles it onto John's waiting hand. John sits back on his heels to access his own cock, while continuing his ministrations in Sherlock's bum. John gives out his own moan of pleasure as he strokes himself. Sherlock observes with interest.
John's sentence was left incomplete as Sherlock claimed his mouth with his. Sherlock kissed, and kissed, and kissed him. He only ceased when he felt a hand on his chest, and Sherlock's heart sank thinking John was signaling him to stop. But with half closed eyes, John trailed his hand down Sherlock's front, stopping at the top of his trousers, where he gave a flirty tug to bring Sherlock closer to him. It sent a thrill through Sherlock, and he wondered if there was a way to bring their bodies even closer. He took a step back, John instinctively stepped forward to follow, and Sherlock took several more backwards steps until his backside bumped into the table. There, partly-leaning and partly-sitting on the table, he planted his feet somewhat widely, grabbed John by the waist and pulled him in until their fronts pressed together. His mouth was presently on-level with John's, much more conducive to comfortably kissing.
John heads out the door. Sherlock puts Rosie right side up and brings her to the window. They watch John begin jogging down the sidewalk.
Now, I must investigate the guest bath before John gets antsy and sets off the fire alarm again. It didn't go so well for us last time.
Your sarcasm is duly noted, brother dear. Need I remind you that you DID ask about my love life. One who asks such things should have the common decency to listen without such rudeness.
"Six months. Six months undercover in Eastern Europe, " John pondered, " 'Six months, Mycroft estimates, and he’s never wrong', you said. " John stared Sherlock intently in the eye. "You weren’t coming back from this one, were you?"
John leaves. Sherlock remains standing in the middle of the kitchen, lost in thought about all that has transpired.
require a stakeout of sorts—even though Sherlock was certain the crime was an inside job that could be solved in a matter of minutes.
Mycroft, you were much more into the whole horse thing in your youth than I was... fancied yourself a knight on your charge. I wouldn't have bothered to remember two specific horses, let alone their names.
"I couldn't. I just couldn't. I couldn't have friends... girlfriends... Mary of all people, ask me why I had an ashtray when I didn't smoke. I couldn't risk someone asking what its significance was." It poured out of John like a torrent, a slow and steady torrent, but a torrent nonetheless. "I couldn't be reminded of our little adventures together. The good times we had together. Or the bad ones. But even the bad times felt like good times after a while, if that makes any sense."
Sherlock sniffs John's hand powerfully again. John and Irene watch him with great interest: both are big fans of Sherlock's deductive abilities.
Good, good, very good. Well, from what you've told me, he seems to be a complicated man with a lot of baggage.
Oh Sherlock. Forget the tests. This doesn't mean we must jump in the sack for a shag the minute we get home, you know. We can take it slow.
Yeah, but downtown London nurseries come with long wait lists. They're notoriously impossible to get into, Sherlock.
I don't really want to deal with a toddler tantrum in the middle of this store when she doesn't get a T-O-Y, too, all right? Honestly, Sherlock, do you not know how little kids work?
Humph, yes, an appropriate moniker - "tights." Haven't seen you wearing them before, but I suppose I have seen them buried at the bottom of your dresser drawer.
Of course it is. One doctor incorrectly diagnoses a child with autism early on... calling it schizophrenia or psychopathy... and no other doctor ever bothers to question it. It happens all the time, sadly.
It's more about the stress of the situation. I'm worried about you. Your visits with Eurus always take a toll on you.
Please don't use a small child to manipulate the situation. It reflects poorly on you. Very bad taste. Especially when I'm only trying to honor her father's wishes here.
He hands her a piece of toast from his own plate and she accepts happily. Sherlock leans against the counter and appraises John up and down with a gleam in his eye.
Sherlock presses his cock all the way to the hilt and glories at feeling John squeeze around his whole length. Sherlock lets out a moan and John follows suit.
You are welcome to share your views on that with me. But there was something else you mentioned that I would like to unpack a bit.
Sherlock enters the restaurant, very cocky and sure that reuniting with John after having disappeared for two years will go absolutely swimmingly.
Only once John has settled does Sherlock slowly retract the toy and release his hand from John's spent cock.
Sherlock stops pacing and stands in front of John. There's a wary look on Sherlock's face, but also a glint in his eye.
But there are aspects of the relationship that make me, shall we say, anxious. It is about balance, or rather, imbalance.
Lestrade. Have you seen Molly around the station by any chance? I need to talk to her but I didn't see her at Barts. I wondered if she might be fraternizing with Nazir somewhere?
Sherlock, still holding his violin, pulls John into his arms and kisses him, deep and long. John clutches onto Sherlock's lapels for balance and returns the kiss. As the kissing continues, John reaches up to caress the back of Sherlock's head, enmeshing his fingers in Sherlock's curls. Sherlock explores John back and buttocks with his free hand. Awkwardly, they make their way over to the sofa, bumping into furniture, furiously kissing the entire time. Sherlock at last sets his violin down on the table and gently pushes John onto the sofa.
John's eyes snap open and he realizes what he's doing. He stops immediately and glances at Sherlock, embarrassed.
Good job, Rosie! Now we have the carpal and metacarpal bones, and then the phalanges. Here's some phalanges, and here some phalanges...
But where did the stroller's rain cover go? It isn't here. Oh, damn it! I took it out to let it dry in the foyer and forgot to repack it.
Damn it! Sneaky bastard found my outfit hanging in Mrs. Hudson's flat... and now he's giving me unsolicited fashion advice.
"Yoo-hoo! Could someone help me with the tea tray?" John turned in his chair to see Mrs. Hudson pushing the door open while balancing a tray laden with tea and lunch items. Sherlock sprang to her rescue and Rosie toddled over to hug her leg. Mrs. Hudson fussed over Rosie affectionately while John and Sherlock set out the lunch things.
Sherlock grins coyly and leans over John to reach for the lubricant on the side table. John carefully watches Sherlock's face as Sherlock squeezes out some lube on his long fingers. But when Sherlock catches him in the act, John looks away bashfully. Sherlock's grin grows.
Sherlock kisses the scar gently, making John gasp. Sherlock wraps his arms around John's waist and kisses the scar again, and a third time. John throws his head back, enjoying it all, desire pooling in his loins.
John jumps at the sound of Sherlock's voice. He rolls his eyes and exhales sharply, not pleased. Sherlock pops his head into the kitchen. He is already in his pajamas and a robe, or perhaps he's worn them all day.
That's right! They're the closest thing you have to grandparents, really. Sorry my parents are such duds.
Sherlock drops his fingertips from his lips and a smile spreads across his face as he looks at John.
Everything all right with the test results, Sherlock? ... Look, we can deal with whatever's come up ... I promise, we'll get you whatever medical care you need.
John gazes up at the ceiling and exhales. He rises from his seat and grabs his own coat before exiting.
Hmm, I see. You may not physically join him on cases anymore... but he still comes to you quite often for advice, does he not?
Bah, apparently Scotland Yard likes to take it easy on the weekends, even if crime never sleeps. There's not much I can do today until Lestrade and Nazir decide to respond to my texts. My many, many, texts. So, it looks like I'm all yours.
"You're right. I did. It was a lovely souvenir." John could feel his eyes hurt, wanting to let out tears. He held them back.
Sherlock hands John the lubricant. John squeezes a generous amount along the length of his condom-covered cock. Sherlock settles back on his back with a wry smile and spreads his legs again.
Something that may be benign in its resting state but turns dangerous under the right conditions... needing a catalyst, a chemical reaction to get it started.
Sherlock dims the light. He leans over and kisses John sweetly four, five, six times. Each time John gets a little more into it, his desire growing. John's hand is entangled in Sherlock's curls by the end. Sherlock abruptly stops and smiles.
Yeah. I got a call from school. She's come down with a cold or something. So, I picked her up early.
Sherlock gives him an extra-long kiss and reaches down to stroke John's penis. John groans in Sherlock's mouth.
Uh, no. I don't do cases anymore. You are to take Lestrade, or Nazir... or whomever. Per our flatmate agreement... AND at Mycroft's and Molly's insistence, if you recall.
Sherlock successfully sinks into his mind palace, a disturbing place this time. Everything is in shades of red: the fading wallpaper, the flooring, the dusty red furnishings. He searches for John in every room, calling out to him, but can't find him.
John straightens up quickly and snaps his head around to glare at Mycroft and Sherlock, who look away guiltily. John grunts and squats down next to Rosie grumpily.
So sensitive. And eager. But please do relax so you don't knock me unconscious in your enthusiasm, John.
John glances up at Sherlock's focused expression: the detective is, in fact, taking it very seriously.
Sherlock pouts, walks over, and grabs the rest of the toast off of John's plate and take a bite. Sherlock flounces out of the room.
"Oi! Can my friend get another?" His request came out a bit more rude than usual, and Sherlock knew he shouldn't take his frustrations out on the wait staff, but John's accusation had stung. The waiter nodded and Sherlock gave her a sincere "Thank you kindly" to smooth over any hard feelings. Sherlock sighed and attempted to compose himself.
Sherlock was too agitated to wait for an answer and propelled himself out of the booth and onto the dance floor, which was growing more and more crowded as the night wore on. He girded his loins for the multiple tasks at hand:
"Why not sleep in mine, tonight? I'm not suggesting any more... physical activity... but I'd love to have your company."
John comes, ejaculating all over the shower wall. Sherlock holds him in place as John convulses with aftershocks. Sherlock slowly loosens his hold on John. John turns around but slumps against the wall for support.
It's not as bad as it looks, Mrs. Hudson. The tea pot miraculously survived and there's a bit of a chip in the tea cup, here. Sadly, the sugar bowl didn't make it, though.
We have a strict policy about families collecting their children by 6:00 pm. It would be utter chaos if caregivers blithely decided to arrive whenever they felt like it, willy-nilly. Flightiness simply won't be tolerated.
Well then. In order for me to do a proper job -- and I pride myself on doing things properly -- I need to know how you like to pleasure yourself.
For the record, I don't see you as a "bad" man. You and Lestrade are both good men in your own ways.
- Sherlock and John argue as they try to put together a crib in the upstairs bedroom. John points out something in the instruction manual but Sherlock refuses to look at it. John calls him a name and then starts laughing. Sherlock chuckles too.
Suddenly Sherlock bursts back into the kitchen (toast still in hand) and walks deliberately over to John. With his free hand, he grabs John by the waist and pulls him in for a big ol' kiss. John looks stunned.
Sherlock sits in his chair reading a book. John enters, grabs his book off the side table and settles into his own chair with a contented sigh. Sherlock glances up at him briefly. He suddenly sets down his book and narrows his eyes to scrutinize John carefully.
John storms off. Sherlock watches him go, indifferently. Sherlock hears his bedroom door creaking open.
Yes, in fact, it is. John Watson would never believe this about himself... he fancies himself to be low maintenance... but in reality, he is quite demanding in a relationship, as you no doubt heard from our various loud arguments.
Sherlock looks at the toy with confusion and consults the laptop. Flipping the toy around, he lines it up with John's arsehole.
It is a good think you like fish and chips so much, dear. It's all right, John, you can take him out for posh dining another night.
John shuffles to the center of the bed, spreading his legs wide, and watches Sherlock making his way towards him.
Ah, you're awake. I was just about to call Mrs. Hudson to see if she could watch Rosie while I went for a jog.
Sherlock, I don't understand. You were far nicer to Mary than any of my previous girlfriends. You seemed to accept her whole-heartedly.
Sherlock's only response in one cocked eyebrow. John regards him for a moment and begins to feel guilty.
John experiments with a pattern of shallow thrusts alternating with deeper ones, and Sherlock gives small cries of pleasure for each new change in the rhythm.
Sherlock dims the sitting room lights and heads to the kitchen. He glances back one more time at John's sleeping figure before disappearing to the back of the flat.
Come along, John. It will be fun! We can't delay. Look, I'll go tell Mrs. Hudson and I'll wait for you outside. Hm?
Since I am so late posting this chapter and want to get it out to you ASAP, I'll plan to come back later and fix typos later.
John is well into his masturbation routine already. He doesn't notice the figure at the frosted glass door.
You already have... or you wouldn't be here right now, wanting so badly to not make the same mistakes again.
Sherlock yanks John's trousers down and whirls John to face him in an instant. Sherlock's mouth is on John's, hungrily exploring his mouth with his tongue. Sherlock has both hands down John's (navy, not red) briefs, each kneading an ass cheek greedily. John grinds up against Sherlock, craving him.
After Mary died, after all the drinking, after all my destructive behavior, after neglecting my infant daughter for months and letting near strangers take care of her, after nearly being killed by Eurus several times in one day…
We need to get you back to sleep. What seems to be the problem? You seem to have lost your bee. Where did it go? Let's look... Oh, here it is.
He made his way to the booth only to be treated with the pathetic sight of a very gloomy John peering into his half-drunk beverage and playing idly with his straw. Sherlock stood in front of the table, poured himself another glass of water and drank it down. Without delay, he took out his phone and snapped a picture of the suspect who happened to be dancing nearby. Then he turned back to John.
But he rose too quickly and thus wobbled, falling back to his seat, clearly not sober enough to walk unsupported.
Yeah, he was helping us at a crime scene and he must have lost track of time. Stuck in traffic now. Sorry, he's a bit flighty.
John scurries to cover the toys. Sherlock enters the room. John looks very guilty sitting in the middle of the bed.
AUDREY and ANGELINE, two parents from Rosie's nursery school, watch the children play in the sandpit. Rosie, DORIAN, and MICA (ages 2-3) are having a great time with shovels, pails, and other sand toys. Sherlock and John stand side by side in the background also watching the kids.
What can I say, John? It's so obvious. The look on your face when you two are together... it is unmistakable.
Sherlock steps sideways so that he is standing shoulder to shoulder with John. Sherlock slides his hand down John's back, over his bum, and into the back pocket of John's jeans to annoy him.
Okay then. Well done... you know... discussing the relationship, Sherlock. I'm very proud of you for speaking up.
Sherlock flounces back over facing away from John in a pout, and tries to butt John off the bed with his bum.
"There's no rush, you know. We can go slow... take all the time we need so it doesn’t become too much.”
Sherlock quirks a smile at this and then goes to retrieve warm, wet flannels from the bathroom. He hands one to John, who cleans himself up. John then lies flat on his back staring up at the ceiling with a satisfied grin on his face.
John descends the stairs from his upstairs room having just put Rosie to bed. He enters the sitting room finding Sherlock on his chair, reading on his phone. Sherlock yawns.
John licks his lips and nods. Sherlock slowly pushes the head of his cock into John's anus. They both moan in unison at the penetration.
It all went surprisingly well. My parents were delighted to have me home. I did my best to be delighted back. Within reason, of course.
Sherlock accepts John's suggestion and settles back on the bed. John tosses him the bottle of lube which Sherlock catches.
There was a long pause. Sherlock's head went a little foggy, the music sounded muffled in his ears. He knew instincts were taking over, and that wasn't necessarily a good thing. He was about to do something exceedingly stupid that would no doubt change the course of his relationship with John Watson forever. And he couldn't stop himself. He felt himself inclining towards John, his vision narrowing in on John's parted lips, his head tilting to the side, and his eyes closing on their own accord. He gauged the time and distance it would take to reach John's lips, and was surprised when both were shorter than anticipated, as John unexpectedly leaned in to meet him halfway.
Maybe I mistook you for Mary tucking me in. Or anyone, literally anyone else! I was sleep deprived after a week from hell while my friend nattered on about shower shoes and fencing stolen art...
Oh Sherlock! That must have been lovely! Oh John, you really outdid yourself. Sherlock, had you guessed at all?
Without a word, John turns and walks briskly to Sherlock's room. Sherlock places his hands on the table and leans over, overcome with desire, and watches him go.
John enters and finds Sherlock standing a bit awkwardly in the middle of the room. John holds up the baby monitor.
I did. But only because my best friend told me to... he seemed adamant about it, in fact. I always listen to your advice, John.
"You always look nice in your dressy black button-up," noted Sherlock. He was breaking his new rule about not flirting with John, but the man seemed to need the confidence boost, plus Sherlock didn't know if compliments necessarily counted as flirting. Still, John blushed slightly at the comment, and Sherlock had to restrain himself from "compliment flirting" more.
That's better. Where was I? Ah yes. So, we can't seem to figure out how or where she's handing off the stolen merchandise. Officer Nazir thinks it must be a family member, but the girl's got no relations here in London, or anywhere it Europe.
Starting off slowly... impossibly slow. Slower than you can stand it. And then increasing in speed. Alternating between quick and slow until you are whipped up into a frenzy.
John walks back into the sitting room and exhales in disappointment. He happens to look over at the bookshelf. Something on the top shelf catches his eye. He walks over to the shelf and tries to reach up for it. No luck.
Exactly. And if Human Resources gets wind of a non-employee harassing one of their staff members... well, things could go very badly for you, Holmes. Your morgue privileges stripped, for starters.
Rosie, you seem to do so much better when I'm not sleeping in the same room as you, I swear. In fact... everyone sleeps better.
Holding his cock in his hand, John rubs his bellend against Sherlock's perineum and hole. Sherlock's head lolls at the erotic sensation.
Yes, yes she is. Single. And smart, and cute, and charming. My whole plan today was for you two to get to know each other better. But...
Were you really going to experiment without me? That hardly seems fair. They're my toys after all...
You know, hopefully soon you'll start using a potty chair like the big kids at school. Wouldn't you like a potty?
John flops down on his side and Sherlock snuggles up behind him, spooning him. Sherlock drapes and arm around John's torso and gives soothing kisses on the back of John’s neck. John sighs, appeased.
Sherlock has a pleasant expression on his face from his reveries. They are still snuggled up with John resting his head on Sherlock's chest.
John closed his eyes to hold back emotion. He held his breath and leaned in towards Sherlock. He gave Sherlock a simple kiss.
Sherlock, in pj's and a housecoat, sits in his chair with his hands steepled. There are the sounds of muffled voices from upstairs as John and Rosie go about their morning routine. As they come downstairs and into the kitchen, their footsteps and voices can be heard more clearly.
Early this morning, Madame Imelda was conducting a cleansing ritual in the room, and must have become incapacitated, most likely by the same substance that killed her clients. Her daughter came down from the upstairs flat to fetch her for midmorning tea, and found her dead.
John nodded and made a beeline for the corner booth, just as the deejay began playing the dance music in full force. Sherlock dashed off a quick text to Irene.
Sherlock awakens at the sound of John's voice and turns to look. John stands at the kitchen doorway in his red pants. Only his red underpants. Sherlock stands up in such a rush that the chair scrapes the floor and nearly topples over. Sherlock strides over to John, looming over him in a second.
John turns his head to gaze at Sherlock in awe, taken by Sherlock's surprising sentiments. Sherlock smiles at John shyly.
Maybe to keep YOU from becoming all jealous and suspicious... but, it appears we have BOTH those boxes ticked off already, don't we?
What about having your best friend's wife shoot you? Or, even worse, getting your best friend's wife killed?
Sherlock doesn't know how much time has passed when he opens his eyes again. Sherlock's gaze falls on John's face. John is concentrating on his work, but there is more in his expression, which Sherlock attempts to deduce.
John reads in bed. Sherlock comes to join him in bed. Sherlock takes off John's reading glasses slowly and kisses him several times. John responds readily, kissing him back and running a hand up and down Sherlock's arm. Sherlock suddenly stops and brushes John's hand off him, not aggressively, but very deliberately. Sherlock flops onto the pillow, facing away from John. John looks bewildered and turns off the light. He lies down, facing away from Sherlock with a hurt look on his face.
Do you think you could find time in your busy schedule for your boyfriend, John? Huh? I've barely spent any time with you this week.
"You really think we're going to blend in with all those twenty-somethings? We'll stick out like sore thumbs there."
John looks up wonderingly at Sherlock. Sherlock responds with an impish grin. John reaches over to the nightstand for lubricant, gloves, and condoms. John squeezes lube out on his left hand. Sherlock watches everything carefully.
Yes, very stinky, Rosie. And where is that stinky father of yours, by the way? He should be home by now.
And with your track record, John, you're bound to go running after the next pretty face that turns your head.
What? Why not? It will only take a minute... and I feel so badly about all this. Could I see her please?
"My head's feeling a little funny, I’m afraid…" Sherlock's voice filled with distress. "I worry that I won’t remember this, John."
John quietly opens Sherlock's bedroom door. John and Rosie peek in. They see Sherlock sleeping heavily in bed. John looks relieved.
I'll go sleep upstairs. You don't want me here. You asked me to move in to your bedroom, but you clearly don't want me here.
John is quick to peel off and dispose of the glove. He opens a condom packet and rolls it down his rigid length with gasping breath. Sherlock bends his knees and opens his legs wide. John kneels between Sherlock's legs and licks his lips nervously.
At least I am capable of having an emotional relationship with another human being, Iceman. It's not all "Wham, bam, thank you Graham!"
"I don't know what I'd wear. It's not like I have a wardrobe full of clubwear," John fretted. It seemed as though John was at least considering going now, and so Sherlock masked his excitement as best he could.
Sherlock bounces Rosie on his hip to comfort her. John hastens a few steps away from them, trying to regain his cool.
They continue walking together down the sidewalk side by side, pushing their strollers. John signs and looks about, agitated.
John leans over and plants a hand next to Sherlock's ribcage to brace himself. He uses his other hand to help guide himself into Sherlock's anus. He presses the tip in and they both let out a gasp in unison. Sherlock grasps onto John's forearm.
Jesus, Sherlock! No, not what I expected either. Let me go throw on some PJ's and clean my teeth and I'll meet you in your room in a few.
He collapses on his stomach dramatically. John sits back on his heels and regards Sherlock with mild worry. John quietly strips the condom off himself.
John settles in, covers himself up with the duvet, and cuddles up to Sherlock. Sherlock sighs happily in his sleep as John wraps an arm around Sherlock.
Oh, I see. My arse isn't as enticing as yours, is that it? We can't all have perfect pert arses like you, John.
I lean towards the ridiculous sometimes, yes. Good thing you'll be getting a break from me this afternoon.
"Or if you'd like, we could just dance together," Sherlock offered. Perhaps if he could convince John Watson to join him on the dance floor, he could scrap the whole ridiculous flirting enterprise altogether.
Well... you may not know this about the male sex organ Audrey, but when it is aroused, it grows in size.
I couldn't help noticing that you didn't mention your friend John in your list of people you approached for relationship advice.
John and I often walk the kids home together. But no matter, you go first. I'm sure you walk faster with those long legs... and that way you needn't try to make idle chitchat with John's "intimidating mum friend".
John masturbates as Sherlock pounds into his backside. John seems close to orgasm. Sherlock unexpectedly but carefully pulls out of John.
John collapses on his belly and then rolls to his back. John's penis is standing straight up. Sherlock's eyes pop when he sees it.
Sherlock sighs and begins scrolling through his phone. John walks over to stand behind Sherlock's chair to read over his shoulder.
Yes, for his arthritis, and the injection sites look particularly inflamed. I suspect it wasn't the steroids themselves, but rather someone tampering with them.
Sherlock... the toys are washed, in case you've changed your mind about trying any of them out today.
glance over at John's booth, whispered something to the shorter man, and scooted him out from behind the bar. The short man pouted dramatically, but there was a glint to his eye that didn't escape Sherlock’s notice. Sherlock abruptly stopped dancing, announced "I’m going back to my friend now" to his dance partner, and promptly walked away. The mesh-shirt man called him an angry slur that Sherlock didn't recognize—something that ended in 'tease'—but Sherlock didn't care: it was high time to wrap up both this ridiculous case and the equally-ridiculous flirting experiment.
UPDATE: Chapter 15 will be posted mid-October. Apologies for the delay. As always, thank you for reading!
Sherlock appears to have sunk into his mind palace and is blocking out all John is saying. John, disgruntled, turns back to the sink full of dishes.
Ever since the night you appeared in the kitchen doorway in your red pants, all I've wanted to do is bend you over the kitchen counter, strip off those blasted pants, and just plow right into that lovely arse of yours...
Sherlock's observation abilities are in full effect. He analyzes her outfit and scans her bookshelf carefully.
You two have been best friends for years and years and years, and, well... you are bloody awful at matters of the heart.
Good morning, Sherlock. There's coffee and leftover oatmeal if you want some. Only make sure it gets back in the fridge this time, will ya? Okay Rosie, let's get you cleaned up.
- John feeds and talks to Rosie in the kitchen. Sherlock sticks his head in to observe them momentarily (they don't notice him). Sherlock grins, pleased with his new flatmates, and leaves unnoticed.
John hands Sherlock the tweezers and Sherlock carefully peels the film with the collected fingerprints off the headboard. Sherlock drops them into vials that John holds out for him. John gently packs up the vials and materials and hands the case back to Sherlock. They really do work well as a team.
Sherlock gives out a huge moan as John pushes one fingertip into his anus. John stills both his hands to not overstimulate his partner. When Sherlock appears to have grown accustomed to it, John resumes lightly masturbating Sherlock once more.
John closes his eyes as cum spills over his hand. He carefully opens one eye and peeks at the glass door again, afraid his cry has woken up Sherlock. After a few moments, he feels he's in the clear and washes up.
Even though I am explicitly banned from conducting experiments on either you or Rosie per our flatmate agreement?
But more than that, you were gobsmacked to find out how much I've wanted you over the years... just how horny I have been for you all this time, Sherlock.
"Yeah. Why not. Lemme get a couple of things and I'll meet you there in a few." John squeezed Sherlock's arm lightly as he stood up and wandered off.
By the way, Nazir's very nice, Molly. Your brand of nice, in fact. And, by the way, it was the steroids that put the kibosh on Mr. Lee here.
Do you remember the neighbor's horses at Musgrave Manor? Two horses in particular, Lucky and Thistle.
Sherlock moves over the slightest amount. John straddles Sherlock and puts his mouth close to his ear.
No, that's just the beginning Sherlock. Lots more to talk about... and it probably won't get all done tonight, it is getting rather late.
John shudders as cum pumps into Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock accepts it willingly. Slowly, Sherlock licks John's cock clean and lays his head on John's thigh. John whimpers as he recovers.
Thank you, Sherlock. Now, dear brother, it is your turn to air your grievances about your own love life. I believe that may have been your original intention when inquiring about mine... the fact you received an actual heartfelt response came as a complete surprise, no doubt.
They work contently side by side at the counter. There’s no place they’d rather be than right by each other’s side.
Must have been challenging considering the "No discussing Sherlock" pact you two have. When are you going to learn that getting my friends to spy on me just won't work, Mycroft?
But for the record, I do care for Rosie. Very much. Despite what you may think or what you think you observe. I'd do anything for her.
Okay, first of all, that's not what I meant about being sensitive, and secondly, your theory is rubbish.
"Yes. We did. You were delighted and brought it straight up to your room to display it on your chest of drawers. 'Like a trophy,' you said, if I recall correctly."
Mycroft, need I remind you that you have about ninety seconds before Rosie discovers you're here and you'll be roped into making sand castles? So get it out of your system now, boys.
Sherlock wanders to the window and John sits down in Sherlock's leather chair. He smiles at Mrs. Hudson.
You don't think I go around stripping down, bedding, sucking off, and pleading just ANYONE to let me stick - not one, but two - fingers up their arse, do you John? Please, have some more respect for yourself, and me.
Your Sunday evening laundry-folding tradition, with your red pants sitting prominently on top... neatly folded, just waiting to be worn the next day.
...And I looked out on the lawn, and there are three alligators gathered around the bird bath. Three! Lord knows how they snuck into the compound, but that's Florida for you.
Inspired by Irene's armory of sex toys, John takes stock of Sherlock's more modest collection. An afternoon of sexual exploration and soul-searching pillow talk.
So... let's refocus. Am I to assume that your primary motivation in telling someone 'I love you' is to hear it said back to you?
You ruined, RUINED my chances with Angeline yesterday. And this morning Mrs Hudson was so put off by you staring at me so creepily that she left without a word, not that you even noticed! Well, let's see how you like it, huh?
I won't be afraid to make my feelings known, when the time's right, that is. Molly and I are still getting to know each other, and I'd appreciate no interference in the meanwhile.
V.O. stands for Voice Over. I use that when you can hear the character's voices over the telephone, baby monitor, etc.
Yes, they are old. Musty under the fragrance of laundry soap. A slight scent of naphthalene, yet mothballs have been banned in the EU for over a decade...
Very good. So, Lucky and Thistle. Two horses in love. It sounds unforgivably twee, but I swear to you it was a bloody nuisance for everyone involved. The two constantly had to be pastured together. They were fiercely protective of each other. If they were ever separated, they would whinny and run amok, fuss and go feral, risking injury to themselves and unsettling every other farm animal in the vicinity. It was a real problem; the neighbors complained of it endlessly.
The flashing lights and sirens, of course, Nazir! But nooo! Apparently, according to you, there are rules about such things. Why must you be so law-abiding?
Vigilant and broken? Sherlock will try in vain to save him, when he should be paying so much more attention to his own path. John can’t allow that. For Sherlock’s sake, if not his own, he must pull himself together. Just enough to keep going, enough to protect his charge, enough to not fail again. Even if he will never be whole. Never saved, never forgiven. A life lived at the precipice, forever staring down into the oblivion where he belongs.
The Somervilles’ home is the epitome of rustic elegance, the Duc’s study full of dark woods, simple construction, and rich textiles. Light from candles and sconces cast a warm light over the room. Shelves of leather bound ledgers dating back hundreds of years lend permanence and weight to the family’s presence here. Sherlock’s eyes dart quickly around the room and his mind dismisses it all as irrelevant. The answer doesn’t lie in these details. He leans against a corner of the Duc’s desk and his eyes wander to John standing stoicly near the chairs in one corner of the room. What memories must linger in these walls for him? He watches the door with the calm focus of a Casseline, alert and patient. The warmth and simple comfort of the room suits him, offers a glimpse of John as he once was. Sherlock can easily see him here, free from his demons, unburdened by grief. Filled with hope. He mourns for John’s loss even as he thanks Kushiel for the path that brought him to his door.
The desert around them begins to blur and slip away. John grows suddenly tired and finds it hard to focus on Niamh’s words.
'December 1963' by the Four Seasons begins playing. People dance. Sherlock hastens over to John and Mary.
"I believe there are a couple of other things that really belong here at Baker Street as well. Two in particular."
I'm a bloody widower and a single parent. You think you could cut me some slack, Audrey! It's not exactly easy going out and meeting people, you know!
It has nothing to do with vanity, Sherlock. How gratifying it must have been for you to find out that all your attempts to entice me over the years... you prancing about the flat in your tight shirts, lounging in your chair draped in your silky dressing gowns, or wrapped in nothing but a sheet... driving me fucking mad with desire... Sherlock, they were far more successful than you ever imagined.
Mr. Holmes, you are a very smart person, and that can be very intimidating. Because of this, you most likely gravitate to others who genuinely like you for your brilliance... who appreciate it despite being intimidated by it.
"What, do you think it was dumb luck that I happened to shove that bottle of champagne in your face at that exact moment?"
First, I would like to acknowledge that this relationship with your boyfriend has been a significant one, one that has encouraged you to express yourself emotionally as well as sexually.
Then I wish him luck attempting to decipher my short-hand chicken scratch written in five different languages.
Can't be done, Sherlock. I didn't realize how late it's getting. I've got a load of things to do before collecting Rosie. Shower, start laundry, get dinner prepped. I hadn't counted on a marathon afternoon sex session, let alone two.
John heads out the door again. His footsteps on the stairs can be heard. Sherlock doesn't move from the window and plucks the strings softly still. When he hears John's footsteps coming back downstairs, he stops and turns to the door expectantly. However, John enters through the kitchen door and proceeds down the back hall to Sherlock's bedroom. Sherlock moves closer to the kitchen so he can watch John. Outside Sherlock's room, John adjusts his outfit nervously (wanting to look his best for Sherlock). Sherlock grins softly to himself: amused, touched, and flattered. John knocks quietly at Sherlock's door.
Sherlock doesn't seem to hear. John gives her an apologetic shrug. He and Mrs. Hudson exit. Sherlock takes his violin out of its case and plucks a melody from the night on the strings as he continues to gaze out the window. John returns back from downstairs. He approaches Sherlock carefully.
Sherlock leans over John, getting his mouth as close to John's ear as he can. He pauses his stroking and probing for a dear moment.
He kisses Sherlock's neck, then moves to the collarbone, the shoulder, the pectorals. Sherlock's eyes roll up with pleasure, but he still has lingering concerns.
Sherlock freezes in the archway when he spots John preparing tea in the kitchen: an act Sherlock has seen John do hundreds of times before, but has never fully appreciated until now. He marvels at John’s comfort and ease in the kitchen, how he fits in so perfectly. Sherlock’s eyes fill with emotion.
John, dressed, pulls ingredients out of the cupboard and refrigerator. Sherlock, also dressed, enters. Sherlock and John smile at each other coyly, in the manner of two people who have spent the whole day having spicy sex with each other.
Sherlock receives a text from Irene Adler. It reads: HAVEN'T HEARD FROM YOU IN A WHILE. WHATS NEW, BDH?
Yes, Mycroft has been avoiding Eurus as of late, and he's overdue for a visit with her. Somebody needs to make him do his brotherly duty.
There you are! Now, I really must be going. I am sorry about last night. It's sweet you care so much.
John takes a break from stroking to run his fingertips lightly along the entire length of Sherlock's erection, making Sherlock shiver.
They had decided to get a quick bite to eat before heading to the club, not only to feed John (and grudgingly, Sherlock) but also to discuss their plan of attack for the stakeout. However, their posh outfits, general giddiness over their mission, and not having a two-year-old in tow
As you can imagine, I've been in a discombobulated state ever since accidentally blurting out 'I love you' to my flatmate.
Oh please, John. You needn't be jealous. The number of times he called out your name during sex is beyond ridiculous.
Sherlock gets that faraway look in his eyes again. He suddenly looks incredibly tired. John tempers his disappointment and sweetly rubs Sherlock's shoulder.
If you are steady and gentle, it will settle my heart. You'll see. Only refrain from any fancy tricks, embellishments with your tongue... that sort of thing.
Sherlock kneels behind John again, still in his own black underpants, grinding lightly against John's backside. They both feel Sherlock's erection growing as Sherlock sways, rubs and grinds it against John's arse. Sherlock moans softly as he does so. His movements, though slow and methodical at first, become stronger and ever more urgent. John uses all his self-control to maintain his position on all fours, wanting so much to get his eyes and hands on Sherlock's elusive, and from what John can tell, rather large erection.
Sherlock nods. John reaches over and grabs Sherlock's hand and places it firmly on John's bum. Sherlock sighs happily. John grabs the lubricant and generously oils up both hands. With renewed determination, John returns to the task of working over Sherlock's erection with his mouth and both hands. A few moments later, John comes up for air.
You surprised me, but I know today held some surprises for you, as well. You, walking into your bedroom to find all your toys lined up on the bed.
"So, you’re just going to go right up to people and ask 'Do you come here often?'” John asked incredulously.
But John thinks I'm picking on him, now. So to be fair... Let's see, something embarrassing about me... Oh! One time I ended up in Buckingham Palace wrapped only in a bedsheet.
"Did you see any persons of interest at the bar, John?" Sherlock asked, changing the subject. John looked down guiltily. Of course he hadn't, Sherlock knew. John's eyes had been glued to
Emotions vie for dominance on John's face: anger, surprise, softness. He leaves the kitchen without a word and can be heard ascending the stairs. Sherlock squeezes his eyelids together in rage and returns to his mind palace.
John gives a worried look towards Rosie. Rosie sighs dramatically. John walks over and swoops up Rosie.
Sherlock, in real life, doesn't notice John walking into the kitchen with a stack of clothing and other items in his arms. John regards Sherlock carefully, but Sherlock's clearly in another place. John sighs and exits the kitchen, down the back hallway.  Meanwhile, in the mind palace, Sherlock continues running from room to room calling desperately for John. The despair that Sherlock feels in his mind palace registers on his real life face as well.
Rosie has never been, and never will be, an inconvenience to me, John. You are the inconvenience, not Rosie.
...Finding new ways to make me come with all your naughty toys, Sherlock. And God, how you made me come. How you made me come and come and come.
Sherlock pockets his phone and continues walking forward at a brisk pace, lost in thought with a furrowed brow. John hurries after him, fretfully.
Nice work, Nazir. Of course, I thought of that... but I've checked all their credit card transactions and there's nothing.
That was the whole point, wasn't it? Tighter trousers? I'll only take them in a little, nothing too risqué.
John would like me to take Rosie home. He said he'll stop by my place for her on his way home from work.
Don't think of it as spying, think of it as helping me solve a mystery. The mystery of "where John is taking me on our date tonight."
Sherlock, indeed, looked like he would pass out at any moment. John mobilized into action. He grasped his friend by his elbows and attempted to pull him to standing.
not conducive to chatting, knowing John wouldn't appreciate it in his present black mood. Instead, he nodded and leaned his head towards John to both see and hear him better.
John was back. Sherlock stood, and John handed him his coat. Sherlock studied the booth for a moment: the dance club was nothing special, but he thought he might retain some fond memories of this particular booth.
Could you take Rosie for a moment? I want to go pick out a  T-O-Y for Dorian's birthday party next week and I don't want Rosie to see.
John gasps again. Sherlock tightens his hold on John and strokes John's prick more fervently. He rolls his hips against John, swaying his erection against his posterior.
Sherlock bends over to position the pillow under John's head. John, still half-asleep, raises his head and grabs Sherlock's collar. He plants a kiss on the side of Sherlock's mouth.
With the little amount you just put on your hands? No. But for Marta and Irene's other clients who use it habitually... very possibly. That's why we are going to Barts to find out.
"I'm going to go get our coats and pay the bar tab. You stay here," instructed John, "But if that muscle-bound twat in the fishnet top tries to talk to you again, I'm kicking the shite out of him, understood?" Sherlock gazed up at him with a crooked smile. John cocked his eyebrow at him before turning and heading across the club. Sherlock took out his mobile and sent off the necessary text to the club owner, instructing him to interrogate the guilt-ridden bartender with the fedora who would no doubt tell him everything he needed to know about the short patron stealing from the cash register. He also mentioned that the club owner might want to alert the police of low-level drug dealings going on in his establishment, if he felt like pursuing it.
A taxi pulls up and John and Sherlock exit the taxi looking spiffy in their suits. John, indeed, has worn a baby blue shirt with his waistcoat. They smile at each other and enter the building.
Fine. But all the same, it IS easier living here. Seriously. I was a wreck trying to raise Rosie on my own, with Mary gone.
I know, you haven't seen him in a couple of days, huh? Neither have I. I don't even know if he came home last night.
I never once detected any jealousy from you about me and Mary. You practically planned our whole wedding for us, for heaven's sake.
Well, if you are comfortable with it and don't feel it would betray their trust, you could share what advice they had for you. Perhaps it would also serve as an avenue to express your own thoughts about your boyfriend's feelings for you.
Oh, I'm sure Lestrade can put up with a bit of convolution. He's put up with my sorry arse mucking about in his cases for years and years now. That must count for something.
Sherlock continues until John is knocked on the floor. John stands up and tries to shove Sherlock over.
Dorian and Rosie are upstairs eating dinner with my husband. He's perfectly adept at tending to small children, unlike some people.
Inspector Lestrade, across the park at a food cart, has just added the perfect amount of condiments to his falafel wrap. He is about to take a bite when, out of the corner of his eye, he spies the couple mid-snog. Lestrade does a double take.
Sherlock looks out the window, mopey. John enters and settles into his chair with a contented exhale and picks up a nearby book.
John looks up at the pleading in Sherlock's eyes. He reaches for the lube once again, and rewets his hands. Maintaining eye contact, he wraps his hands around Sherlock's cock and strokes it lightly, but sets a quick pace.
Oh no. No. We aren't going to have you fully dressed and sticking who knows what up my arse. I don't care if that's your biggest fantasy or what...
John nods and returns to preparing breakfast. Sherlock may be thinking, but he is also carefully watching the going-ons in the kitchen at the same time.
She's been Rosie Sherlock ever since I picked her up from school. Rather convinced Sherlock is a girl's name.
You and Rosie could take the upstairs bedroom. Although, I believe my room might be slightly bigger and you may prefer to be closer to the bathroom anyway... therefore I could move upstairs and you two take my room.
Yeah, you smell like a thrift shop. The bloodhound's surely going to notice. Let's give you a wash. Maybe two washes.
Could we perhaps discuss this another time, if you please? It is more than I can take at the moment.
John has the same expression on his face. Sherlock is like a deer in headlights with his head sticking out of the blanket tent. A cheery alarm sounds on Sherlock's mobile. Both men blink hard to clear their own thoughts and turn to look at the phone on the coffee table.
Sherlock is a bundle of nerves now, thrown off by his memory. Across the restaurant, John happens to notice him, and smiles brightly and invitingly at him. Sherlock calms himself, straightens up, and goes to join John at the table with a winning smile.
"There was no shortage of self-confidence in that woman," John quipped. John grew quiet. He cleared his throat.
So, Greg. Would you consider joining me on my 10K race in a few weeks? It's for some charity or another.
John hustles to get out breakfast and items for Rosie's packed lunch. He looks over at Sherlock, questioningly.
Nazir, Sherlock, and Molly all put on fresh gloves and masks. John paces a bit behind them, looking ill at ease.
Well, we built up to it. You are particularly fond of sticking things up my bum, you know. Not that I'm complaining, mind you.
You're right, Audrey. Absolutely right. We'll leave now. But... could I just see Rosie before I go? Give her a quick hug, or something? Please?
John smiles and guffaws at Sherlock's formal-sounding comment. Sherlock busies himself with the clean-up as John recovers. John lies back and watches him with half-closed eyes. Sherlock joins him, lying down next to him.
Yes, Sherlock. I told you. I spent a long time at the school this afternoon trying to sort it all out--
Don't panic. Absolutely no reason to panic. You are already the best parents in the world. Look at all the practice you've had.
Sherlock lifts the duvet for John who crawls in bed. Sherlock snuggles up next to him and sighs happily. They are quiet for a moment.
Cocaine has a distinct chemically smell. Depending on the refining process and country of origin, it can smell like kerosene, ammonia, bleach, gasoline, et cetera. I'm checking for them all.
Sherlock, you must give up those silly notions of what you think romantic love should look like and feel like. What you and John have is different. This is mature love we are talking about... it's more subtle, much more durable.
I plan to lower myself down onto it oh so carefully... I’ll take you in bit-by-bit... down to the hilt, Sherlock... until I'm impaled on your cock.
he thought. His phone buzzed and he almost didn't pick it up, but curiosity got the better of him, as it always did.
What do you want to do tonight to help you feel more relaxed? Putter about in your laboratory? Watch some crap telly with me?
Sherlock shuffles over and gives Rosie a kiss on the head and begins to make himself tea. He sits down at the table watching John suspiciously. John brings over scrambles eggs for Rosie and catches Sherlock's expression.
John looks up at Sherlock with intense desire, but not knowing what to expect. Sherlock gazes down at him with a lopsided grin. He carefully kneels in front of the sofa and slowly unbuckles John's belt. With precision and care, Sherlock unbuttons and unzips John's tight, fancy trousers. John gasps as Sherlock frees John's hard cock from the confines of his pants.
And leave my genitals out of it, will you? Me not getting an erection doesn't mean I'm not having a good time.
Rosie and Mica come toddling up the path. Angeline and Sherlock follow. Angeline is laughing and patting Sherlock's arm. John straightens his outfit to be more presentable.
Sherlock suppressed the urge to point out that a crowded dance club with subpar house music was obviously
Sherlock use the available fingers of his left hand to gently caress John's bollocks. John whimpers in response.
Ten minutes later, the two of them were in Sherlock's room, teeth cleaned, pajamas on, and ready for bed. John plugged in his phone and a baby monitor on the side table, and then got into bed next to Sherlock. Sherlock turned off the lights.
Roughly once a month, Sherlock and Irene would check in with each other, in a "we-tried-to-ruin-each-other's-lives-but-now-we-are-somewhat-friends" sort of way.
Sherlock breathes unsteadily for a few moments as he grows accustomed to the fullness. John waits, holding himself inside Sherlock, with extreme patience.
Sherlock gives Nazir a dirty look. She ignores it and continues eating lunch. She's struck with an idea.
Sherlock, your timing is horrible. Please don't try coming on to me when I'm dealing with a crabby child. And if she really is sick, I'll probably need to sleep in my own bed tonight to keep a eye on her.
Despite their earlier tiff, John's and Irene's curiosity draw them to the spot Sherlock points out on the headboard.
"Do jog my memory, if you don't mind," he requested with all politeness. He steepled the fingers of his hands and rested them against his lips in preparation. John exhaled loudly and glanced up to the ceiling, gathering strength.
No matter what your level of sexual expertise may be, just know that there's absolutely no rush. I won't be pushing you into anything. We take as long as we need.
Luckily the waistcoat fits perfectly and the jeans don't need anything... so that one, two, three items to be tailored. Usually it takes 7 to 10 business days, but I'll see if we can get them done more quickly.
Your concern for the matter demonstrates that you may have a kernel of these feelings in you already, and you need to allow yourself the time to let them flourish.
On Sunday, Rosie, John, and Sherlock stopped in at their favorite chip shop on the way home from the park, and Sherlock made certain to flirt with every single one of the staff members. John seemed to find Sherlock's flirtations with the pensioner-aged shop owners to be somewhat charming, and him chatting up the younger women merely triggered a John Watson-patented eye roll, while flirting with the twenty-something busser was met with a distinct huff of annoyance from his friend. Sherlock felt it was an auspicious start to his experiment, and left the shop well-satisfied.
“I can’t, Seb. I would be content with a pittance of your heart, I would share you with a dozen others and count myself blessed. But you ask me to stop loving you, to stand by one day as you wed and not cry from the rooftops that you are mine too.” He swallows back the rage and overwhelming grief rising in his chest, takes a breath to calm himself. “I can’t do that, I am not that strong. I’m sorry.” One last glance - is it possible to memorize every nuance of a face in a moment? “Farewell, Your Highness.”
Please, what? What could he possibly ask for? Mercy? Salvation? He was granted those once – to expect that he could be worthy of them again is surely hubris. Not with two completely innocent boys now dead.
John is sitting in his chair by the fire. Brown parcel paper sits on the table beside him, a scrap of parchment is in his lap, and he's turning what looks like a clay coin about in his hand, studying it. When the music stops, he looks up and holds it out to Sherlock. His face is a perfect mask of Cassiline calm. “It wasn’t addressed to either of us, but I believe it’s for you.”
Wine forgotten, John and Sherlock grab their things and head downstairs. Sherlock hails a carriage while John asks Mrs. Hudson about the delivery of the box. Sherlock calls to him, and he assures her everything will be well before hurrying outside.
“Marriage? That is your news then. You are bretrothed.” James’ stomach clenches, his heart sinks like a stone.
Sherlock refills his glass and stokes the fire before returning to his chair. He knows John is safe behind the walls of Gentian house, but he’d still left word with the doorman to bring his messages with utmost urgency. He says prayers to Na’amah and Elua, both to keep John safe and to lead him to the answer he seeks. To make him whole again.
“Sherlock! Thank Elua you’re here.” Lestrade leads them in the front door and up to the second floor as he talks.  “He was taken from his rooms less than an hour ago, pulled through the window and dropped down into a cart that took him on a backstreet. No one was watching the higher windows, and they were near silent. A guard outside caught sight of the cart leaving, but thought nothing of it. The boy’s mother came to check on him and discovered he was missing. My men have been over the entire house, and more are working on tracks through the roads, but I’ve saved his rooms for you.” He motions to the open door just a bit down the hallway they were now in. “Please, Sherlock. Find something.”
The Guild maintains a handful of luxurious townhomes in the City of Elua for its own use, but James sees little of his lodgings before the lure of so many unknowns draws him out to wander the streets. The city is magnificent, a marvel of architecture and planning. Street lamps light his way as he takes one turn and another through the Palace District. Carriages clatter down the street taking older nobility home for the evening and groups of brazen young lords ride by on horseback headed to less pretentious parts of town. Young, beautiful, tempting lords.
Sebby laughs at the taunt and moves in to attack, this time more wary of James’ reach. For several minutes dull steel clanks together as swords meet and loose soil stirs into the air around quickly moving feet. It ends with James disarmed and on his back, but it could have easily ended the other way around. Sebby puts out a hand to help James up, which earns him a scowl as he gets to his feet. James grabs his sword and they start again.
John shrugs. “He was just frightened. Can’t blame him for that.” John averts his eyes, gazing off into the darkness as the knot in his stomach coils tighter. Frightened boys are easy to handle, easier than the possibilities that wait for him in the house.
“No. Not a thing. I even sent for one of my waifs while you slept. People are looking all over the city and no one can find him.” He unravels his arms and lets one foot slide down to the floor as he reaches for his tea. John picks up his own cup and nudges the plate of toast closer to Sherlock. They sit in silence for a few moments, listening to the shopkeepers starting their day on the street below. John breathes a small sigh of relief when Sherlock nibbles at a piece of toast with a thick layer of honey on it. As the room brightens with the rising sun, John finally realizes why Sherlock is so calm.
“There is no reason to hurry. Father won’t miss them. Why do you like reading history books anyway? They’re so dull.”
“They were recommended.” The words tumble from his lips without thinking, he is so surprised by Sherlock’s question.
A sly smile crosses his lips and he looks up to see John watching him with rapt attention. He deftly unties trouser laces and brushes his fingers along John’s already hard phallus, his touch cool against John’s skin.
Philippe’s courage flags when the guards step aside for him to enter, but John nods at him and he hurries forward. “The men he’s talking about. I heard them last time. While they waited in here.”
“He’s right. Brooke is a dangerous man, and the only person he is focused on right now is Sherlock. We may need help before it is all over, but right now you would just become another target for him. I can keep him safe.”
Later, still lying in the grass, he makes a decision. He was naïve to believe Elua cared for all D’Angelines the same. Crowns and thrones apparently do matter, quite a lot. So he will leave. It doesn’t matter where he goes as long as the gods of Terre D’Ange and their false promises of love do not follow.
be there at the end of the path, no matter how long the journey or how difficult the obstacles that lie in his way.
After several lines of inquiry, however, Sherlock begins to lose hope. Lord Verreuil is offering nothing new, and he is obviously too far lost in his grief to be remembering things clearly anyway. Sherlock looks to John, who gives him the slightest shake of his head. He hasn’t noticed anything either. Sherlock starts thanking Lord Verreuil for speaking with them when the lord interrupts him.
Sherlock is walking the room, absorbing its knowledge. John leaves him to his work and goes to the window Henri was taken through. There is no blood here, so the boy is probably still alive, but the drop to the ground below would have caused some injury.
John stands in an empty room on the second floor of a boarding house a few blocks from their home and tries to not be nauseous. He was right here, all this time. John had sparred with him a few times during drills. He had been toying with them, watching them live their lives so that he could use it all against them in the end.
The noise is deafening – steel on steel, horses screaming. Scorching heat fills John’s lungs with each breath. A man in Umaiyyati armor raises his sword and John runs him through before he has time to strike. The smell of blood is everywhere.
He quickly sits on a bench and pulls out the cipher and his journal. His mind is reeling with questions about the bigger picture, but those must wait. Right now, there is the coin. He starts by carefully copying the cipher into his journal. The original is too delicate to open more than necessary, and should be kept somewhere secure until he decides what to do with it. Once  it is safely back in its hidden pocket and the ledger in his bag, he runs his fingers along the edge of the coin while reading the cipher. He mumbles letters quietly as he works until he is certain he is reading it correctly, then scribbles them into his journal to find the beginning. A moment later and he has his answer.
James looks up at the sky and closes his eyes, willing the tears to stop. He breathes in the scent of what was once home and focuses his thoughts on other things until they are no longer blurred with emotion. After a few moments his breathing calms and his pulse slows. He opens his eyes and looks down at the ground in front of him. Sebastian is dead just as he has been all this time. No aching heart, no tears or pleading can change that. No words spoken here will reach his ears. Sebastian is dead, and there are more important things to be doing than weeping over dirt and bones.
Later that night, his mind sorts through the sights and sounds of the evening on its way towards sleep. He realizes that he saw a server with familiar face several times, but the details are blurry and he can’t figure out whose it was.
. Whoever did this is careful beyond measure, and if I am to find whatever miniscule trail they have left I need to exhaust every possibility quickly and thoroughly. I will breathe when we are done.”
Sherlock traces the lines on John’s arm with his finger. He lets himself breathe, just a bit. In all his planning, all his possible scenarios, things end with he and Moriarty alone and John as far away as possible. But if John is truly hale, then perhaps it doesn’t have to be that way.
Unexpected, especially from Lestrade, but it’s possibly a rather brilliant idea. “He might be. I know Félicienne Sauveterre. I can ask her to reserve us a – “
