“How about you, baby? Would you like one more?” Steve questioned Tony, receiving a shake of the head as an answer. The salad and three dinosaur-shaped pancakes seemed to have been enough for him. “What about some apple juice?” Tony nodded.
“Phil, I have no idea of what you’re talking about or what all this is about,” Steve assured, taking a few steps towards the armchair and sitting down on it. Suddenly, standing up there without doing anything seemed just off.
So, after thinking it over in his mind for a few days, Tony decided that the other best way to proceed in this situation was hinting Steve at his eagerness to find out if this kind of role play could work for them. If Steve got the hint and played along, Tony would have avoided an awkward conversation; if not, well, he really didn’t know how he would react if Steve had lost interest in it – especially if Steve kept somehow interacting with Clint when he was Little – but he’ll cross that bridge when came to it.
"Pizza will be here any minute," Steve informed as he started to set up the table. Tony kept glaring, slouching at the chair. “And sit up, please.”
However, Tony wasn’t going to give in. He had been dealing with this being-caught-between-two-headspaces thing for more than thirty years now, so this was nothing he couldn’t handle. Tony just had to do what he always did in these cases: bury himself in his workshop, drinking unhealthy quantities of alcohol and ignoring any comment JARVIS may say about it. That always worked. That helped him to distract his mind and force it not to think about the craving.
“No, I didn’t!”
“JARVIS, please don’t let anyone in,” Tony ordered as he entered his workshop, making sure the door was locked behind him.
“Why did you decide that?” Steve insisted as he rested his chin on his baby’s head. Tony’s fingers curled into the fabric of his t-shirt.
“Shut up,” Clint ordered, throwing another blow and missing again.
Tony hadn’t left the bed during his nap, otherwise JARVIS would have informed him about it – Steve might not stay with Tony while he slept, though he always had JARVIS monitor just in case something bad happened – which meant that Tony was getting more and more comfortable using his diapers, as he didn’t have to stand up anymore to empty his bladder. That was a huge progress. Tony had certainly progressed a lot lately.
The Avengers had had a stressful week. They had assembled three times, and even if the battles hadn’t been that hard, they had been the type of engagements where the people they had been fighting got under your skin and onto your nerves. In addition to that, Tony had had to deal with some complicated issues with his company, problems that apparently Ms. Potts hadn’t been able to deal by herself as she usually did. And on the top of all that, he had clearly been trying to avoid letting his Little side to come to the surface. He had not been very subtle about it, it was obvious he needed to slip into that headspace to cope with the stress.
“No, it’s not. Flowers and chocolates, those are the typical gifts,” Tony said, still refraining Steve to move the fork closer to him.
Tony didn't want that to happen. He understood why Steve would do that, but he didn't want him to anyway. He wanted Steve to stay and look after him the way he looked after Clint. He wanted Steve to realize once and for all how much he craved for that kind of attention. It was selfish and unreasonable, Tony wasn’t going to deny that. Clint was Steve’s friend, as well as his, and he needed Steve. They were not going to do anything bad, so there was no valid reason for Tony to want to stop Steve from going downstairs to Clint’s floor.
“And you won’t make go to bed early, or eat disgusting food, or limit my time with the TV and videogames, and wear stupid pull-ups!” Clint slurred, obviously trying to take advantage of the fact that Steve was agreeing to everything.
, Clint would certainly say if that ever happened.
“Why?” Steve repeated, sighing.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Cheating? Why? I’m just here minding my own business and wondering if you’re more ticklish on your feet that you’re on your tummy,” Steve commented. Tony pushed him as hard as he could, but his arms turned to jelly when Steve blew yet another raspberry. A couple of seconds later, Tony found himself squealing in between an uncontrollable laughter.
Steve’s current state and restricted limbs movement hadn’t helped much either. The most effective way to calm down a fussy Tony was, without a doubt, to lift him in his arms and cuddle him – that claim about having a distaste for affectionate contact was nothing but pretense, and Steve knew it. Unfortunately, having an immobilized arm had prevented Steve from being able to pick up Tony, and he found himself with no other choice but to depend on caresses, strokes and soothing words to try to comfort his baby. That had certainly proved to be a much less efficient method.
“You haven’t washed your hands,” Steve scolded. Tony rolled his eyes. “C’mon, you’re not eating if you don’t wash them.”
“So what?”
Tony’s eyes snapped open as he sat bolt upright, hands moving to his mouth to choke back a scream that never came out. Learning not to shout was essential when the objective was to prevent anyone from finding out you had bad dreams regularly, and Tony had mastered that; he had gotten very good at hiding things over the years.
“Kiddo, relax, nobody’s here. Everybody left an hour ago. And I already checked with JARVIS, there’s no one awaked anymore,” Steve informed, tightening his grip as a way to soothe him. It took Tony some minutes to relax, drowsiness making his brain take more time than usual to process the information.
“That damn expression you always wear whenever you want to hug me but you don’t dare to do it,” Tony said.
“Huh?”
"Yes, you have," Tony argued, staring at him. He'd never liked to be contradicted.
When Tony was a child, he had barely had toys. Whether it had been because Howard hadn't allowed it or because his mother had been too busy dealing with other things to realized his son didn't have anything to play with, Tony didn't know nor care anymore. Besides, it hadn't really mattered that much, by the time Tony could have cared about not having anything to entertain himself with, he had been sent to boarding school, where maturing was indispensable and toys didn’t help with that process.
One of the other things that had refrained Steve from bring up the topic with Tony was that he didn’t want him to do it just because he had asked. Steve wanted Tony to want it too, to like it. To really enjoy it. To help him cope with things like it had helped Clint.
want it, but I’m not sure I’ll like it once I try it, I don’t even know if you still want to, maybe you don’t even want to anymore, or you do and I try it and I don’t like it, so everything might be just worthless, so it may be not a good idea to give it a try, but I don’t really want to be left wondering how it would’ve been like,” Tony managed to babble all in one breath.
“I wonder how you’d like it when Clint tries to make pancakes in you.”
Dinner went uneventful. Clint made jokes about Wolverine while Natasha kicked him under the table every time one of his jokes went too far. Thor talked about how this battle had been very alike to one he fought back in Asgard. Bruce asked slyly between talks if the Hulk had destroyed too many buildings or hurt somebody. And Steve compliment every one of them, lying his eyes on Tony every once in a while.
OK, to be honest, Tony had done that just a couple of times since they started dating – stopping in the middle of a project wasn’t something he tended to do – but Tony wanted to have that option available, dammit! He didn’t want to have to sneak off in his own house, he didn’t want to sleep alone (Tony will ignore any comments about how little he already slept), he didn’t want to furrow his brow whenever he ran into him, and he didn’t want to ask Thor to pair up with him during battle.
“You asked me not to disturb you until you finished, Sir,” JARVIS reminded him.
“Really, Tony, really?!” OK, now he was really starting to get angry. He was tired, he was hungry, he just wanted to have some dinner, take a shower and sleep. Was that too much to ask for?
“Yesterday, sir.”
There was no doubt in Steve’s mind that they were definitely on the right track.
In this time of the year, people tended to get sick due to the sudden temperature changes, so it was almost impossible not to catch something. It was true that the number of people who Tony interacted with on a daily basis was limited, and that was why he hardly ever got sick, but last week he had been on a business trip with Pepper, and he surely had come into contact with a lot of people. Pepper had called in sick a couple of days ago, and Tony was afraid he would have to do the same very soon. Figuratively, of course, because if he actually called his company to let them know he wasn’t going to go to work, he would cause a lot of confusion.
“Yes,” Tony answered with a tiny voice.
Even if Tony hadn’t really complained or fussed about Steve going into Daddy mode when he was evidently avoiding to slip into his Little headspace, Tony would do it and he may even try to get away if he woke up now. This wouldn’t happen if his boy was far too deep in his dreams. Steve had found out that, when being Little, Tony literally slept like a baby, which meant that he didn’t wake up that easily and was barely aware of the way Steve manhandled to get him ready for bed. So, hopefully, Tony had already gotten into his Little mindset.
Needless to say, Steve never backed away in this situations, and Tony should have known this better than anybody else. He was about to turn around again to avoid his gaze, when he felt an arm being put around his waist and lift him with no effort at all. A whimper escaped from his mouth unintentionally, and before he could hold to anything, the blond man had already set him up on his shoulder, giving him a clear view of his rear, his hand kept firmly around his waist to prevent him from moving or falling.
Steve had apologized thousands of times, and he had meant every single apology. He got it, he knew it had been his fault, he knew he should have never lied to Tony that way, he knew the way of proceeding he had chosen hadn’t be the best one, and he understood perfectly well why Tony had gotten angry. Tony had accepted his apology, though it had been obvious he was going to need more time to eliminate all trace of the feelings of resentment he was experiencing towards him. In spite of himself, Steve had given him more space, all his whole being aching with longing for Tony whenever he saw him leaving a room Steve had just walked into, paring with someone else during a battle or failing to show in their room yet one more night.
And Tony wanted that… didn’t he?
These,
And Tony was completely sure his plan would have worked until the end if some Gods above didn’t enjoy toying with him, because if there was something Tony hadn’t been able to control yet was that, whenever he had nightmares, his mind was pushed further into his Little headspace without being able to avoid it. And of course, the few times he had actually dragged himself out of the workshop to take a nap and rest for a while, his eyes had snapped open no long after he had closed them, all the images that floated in his mind while sleeping riddle with nightmares.
“Okay. But don’t forget that daddy wouldn’t care if you’re a baby, toddler or kid, I’d enjoy taking care of you no matter what,” Steve stated, “and if you ever see me doing something with Clint that you’ll like to try yourself, don’t hesitate to let me know, nobody says babies can’t run, or play big boys games.” Tony nodded.
Perhaps Steve should have told Tony how he didn’t have to worry about being abandoned by him, that he promised to support him through thick and thin, that he’d really meant it when he’d said he wanted this relationship to last forever, but he chose not to. Besides the fact that actions always spoke louder than words for Tony, this was an issue they needed to work on a long-term basis in order to solve successfully, and right now it was more essential to settle the matter that had led them to where they were now.
"So, the fact that you haven't grabbed a bite the last two days is deliberate?” Steve questioned, raising an eyebrow.
- - - -
“Let me know if he shows any signs of having nightmares,” Steve asked JARVIS on his way to the living room, still tiptoeing. He would watch some TV and be very quiet until Tony woke up. Then, they could have some quality time.
Tony placed his palm down against the bed. The blankets were soft, a lush thread count, Tony could tell. He could imagine being thrown down against this soft fabric, gripping it in his fists as he was spanked. Or fingered open nice and slow. Hm. Tony wondered if Cap had ever gotten down and dirty in this bed.
Tony opened the bedroom door and stepped in before Steve, turning to see him in. Steve followed Tony into the bedroom, and as they stepped close to the bed, the lights above turned on. Steve was surprised by the automation but Tony seemed to not notice. Steve watched as Tony stepped past him and began to remove his watch and place it on the nightstand along with his cellular phone. When Tony turned to look at him, Steve had a sense that he was not the only one in the room at a loss for what to do next.
Thank you,
“That’s good to know. Do you want me to put you on your knees?”
After they were clean and dry, Tony and Steve returned to the bedroom. Steve tucked Tony under the sheets before turning to coil the rope and return it and Tony’s collar to their drawer. Time seemed to stand still as he carefully wrapped the rope, his thoughts suddenly abuzz.
Before Steve could regain footing, they were airborne.
“Fuck,” Steve’s voice was low and surprised. He started a steady rhythm, hard and fast, just as he had promised Tony. “You’re too much.” Before Tony could think too hard, he probably couldn’t with his collar strung tight by his own hand, Steve dove forward to plant a kiss to his forehead, his cheek, his jaw, his neck. “So good.”
“Wait, that’s it?” Steve turned as she rounded the table towards the hall. She smiled over her shoulder and then Steve zeroed in on the motion in his peripheral vision.
“Tony.” Stark replied.
. Then Steve had to ruin it all. Or, there was never really anything there to ruin.
Please forgive any typos.
Tony wondered if Steve was going to pounce on orgasm denial now that he had it on the request form. Steve seemed to like it last time, he brought it up himself. Tony was torn between saving his load for tomorrow night’s possible fantastic agony or jerking off now so he wouldn’t be quite so desperate, pathetic, needy for Steve’s permission.
“Tony, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to-”
Steve chin rested on the top of Tony’s head, his arms wrapping around Tony’s shoulders to hold him close. “Of course not, Tony. You can do what feels most comfortable.
“Well, if you wanted to, you could wake me up by touching me, or… fingering me, or, I—I have to admit I haven’t bottomed in a long time, but if you could, I’d love to wake up with you fucking me, it’s um—it’s a, a bit of a kink of mine.” Tony’s blush was rising again, and he wanted to hide his face against Steve’s shoulder again, but that time had passed.
Tony’s hole was bare, clean, and soft. Tony hoped his efforts had tempted Steve to do all sorts of things to it tonight, but it seemed that Steve had priorities. Steve pressed his tongue flat across Tony’s hole, swiping at the sensitive pucker. Tony’s shocked whimper was perfect.
Tony sighed as he heard the bathroom door close behind him. He didn’t feel ready for sleep just yet, but he got comfortable nonetheless. He slipped under the sheets and he listened to the sound of the water running in the next room.
would be Tony’s exception but… Tony could never be sure. Especially not so early into their relationship.
Cap grunted as he felt the unmistakeable strike of a bullet graze his thigh. Iron Man must be monitoring him because he reported to the comms, “Cap is unprotected from oncoming fire.”
Steve’s eyebrow rose but then he laughed as Tony reached with his left hand and was victorious. “Brat.”
Peeking out of one eye, Steve looked at Tony and smiled. “Nice PJs.”
Tony trusted Steve with his life, but with understanding and supporting his demisexual identity? Tony was always on guard for cognitive dissonant acceptance, if not full rejection of the concept of the asexual spectrum.
Tony nodded silently, his range of motion hampered by Steve’s grip at the crown of his head. “Answer me properly,” Steve demanded, knowing that Tony was probably losing his words. And Tony loved being prodded into speaking when he was slowly slipping into subspace, a little blush grew every time Steve would demand that he spoke. The loquacious man felt such a rush of sensual humiliation when words came to him so slowly under Steve’s hand.
Disclosed health concerns: [n/a]
Steve choked on his breath, at that term of endearment, heart aching in fear of how Tony will respond to his next words. “But to give you everything means I have to give you the truth, too. I’m… I’m, I really am Captain America and I’ll keep your secret safe as long as you need me to. I hope you’re able to forgive me for—”
came down against Tony’s cheek. He sucked in a soft gasp and closed his eyes as Steve’s palm returned to his pink cheek gently.
Steve pressed his nose close, breathing in Tony’s scent behind his ear, feeling sleep creep upon him. He was a selfish, selfish man.
Tony squirmed at that. He did not need someone to ‘take care’ of him. Steve pressed another kiss to Tony’s temple, as if he could hear the disquiet of Tony’s mind. “Shh…” One hand found Tony’s hair, stroking gently. “Let’s get you out of the collar and into a shower. How about that?”
Steve seemed to respect the effort Tony put into getting to his dick, so made no move to remove Tony’s hand. Steve continued to fuck Tony with his fingers, slowly and steadily destroying Tony’s resolve.
Steve was accustomed to his enhanced senses; he could comfortably gauge the speed of a teammate’s heart rate, for example, as a first aid measure. Within the Avengers Tower, however, he did not expect his enhancements to come into play. Steve had just removed his boots when he heard the familiar whir of the overpowered elevator make an unfamiliar sound. It was slowing. Slowing to a stop. On his floor.
“Natasha knows?” Tony looked like he was about to cry. Steve could hear the hammering of Tony’s heart and just wanted to hold him.
He tried to choose his next words carefully. He spent his time wrestling with words in his mind and gently petting Tony’s hair. After a while, he spoke again.
Before another plea could be uttered, three fingers were shoved into Tony’s open mouth. He moaned, muffled and desperate; the invading fingers were a satisfying weight on Tony’s tongue while they brushed at the edge of his throat. “You will come when I’m ready, and not a moment sooner.” The growled order was followed by a drag of teeth pinching Tony’s earlobe. Steve gave a squeeze to Tony’s balls. “You’re mine. Don’t you dare forget that.”
Steve fought back a chuckle. “You bet.”
Tony reached the edge of the bed, comforted by the carpeted bedroom floor. He unbuttoned the top button of his shirt, hesitating a moment, then continued. He had paid Steve well to tie him down and fuck him senseless; Tony doubted that Steve would walk out at the sight of his arc reactor. He could hear Steve shuffling behind him, undressing too, and Tony hurried out of his clothes. He threw them to the side and Steve stepped around him to take a seat on the edge of the mattress. His thighs were spread wide, feet bracketing Tony’s knees, and his hard cock stared at Tony invitingly. Tony’s tongue swiped at his lips before looking up at Steve, and his face faltered.
“Fuck my mouth.”
Tony was practically vibrating with anxiety as the time ticked closer to 9:00pm. The past day was nearly impossible to get through, as his mind kept wandering to imagine Steve’s hands exploring and groping his body. He had freshly showered and cleaned out, intent on tonight going much farther than their first appointment. Steve had rejected most of the food Tony had offered last time, but Tony still had arranged for a small spread of options for them and made sure there would be beer for Steve.
?” Iron Man sighed, the voice modulator making it sound more like an electric wheeze than a voice. “Can’t it ever be somewhere more tropical?”
“Welcome back, Sir. Captain Rogers has left you a written message in the bedroom.” JARVIS helpfully shared as Tony stepped across the threshold.
“You are going to go into your bedroom, undress, and kneel at the foot of the bed.” Steve paused, thinking hard on how to phrase the next part; the agency’s study materials had not exactly covered roleplay as your actual secret job with your unknowing colleague. “The captain is going to come to inspect you. You will address me as ‘Captain’ or ‘Sir’ and I will call you whatever I like.”
Oh my god, no.
bitch. Ugh. That might have been the worst part.
“Indeed, Sir.”
“Please, sir, fuck me before I explode with frustration.” Tony twisted and wriggled the wrist currently captured by Steve’s strong hand; he needed to fidget. Steve still didn’t move. “I need you inside me,
Motion at Tony’s sides made Steve look down. Tony’s hands were clenching on-and-off by his hips, fidgeting with his shirt. Tony needed something to hold again.
Before Steve could locate the toggle for the shower, the water began to flow from overhead. The temperature was at a glorious heat, soothing Steve’s muscles. The water turned back off when he stepped away. He slid the glass door closed behind him and began to rub himself down with the towel Tony had provided him with. He dropped it into the basket by the door where he spotted Tony’s towel.
Tony’s blush was fierce, hot on his cheeks and spreading down his neck. His eyes closed tighter, as though he had to fight to find words. No,
Oh god was this weird? Fuck.
He looked down at Tony who was staring avidly at his own feet. Steve reached with his right hand to tilt Tony’s face up towards his. Those brown eyes were shining and wet, tearing Steve’s heart in two. “Tony, you deserve everything you want-- you could never want too much.” He surprised himself with how much he meant his words. Surprised himself with the affection he felt for the man in his arms. In that moment, the adrenaline of the scene gone, the both of them standing together barefoot in the quiet bathroom, Steve allowed himself to listen to Tony’s body. His heart was pounding, but gradually slowing to a sustainable pulse.
“I have an idea.” Steve began as he followed Natasha in a large yet seemingly empty clothing store.
Steve then recalled the phrase that Natasha pointed out in their text conversation earlier. He opened his web browser and input “in the closet” to the search bar.
” Hawkeye replied.
“I have a secretary?”
Steve cocked one eyebrow. “You a little spoon?”
Steve licked his lips and gave his cock a few more strokes before coming with a guttural moan. Warm spurts struck Tony’s open mouth, his cheeks, his forehead. He closed his eyes to enjoy the sensation and float in the haze.
Steve laughed and pressed his body against Tony, pushing themselves solidly against the couch back. Tony could feel Steve’s erection against his belly and he moaned, imagining getting his mouth on that as soon as possible— as soon as Steve stops being weird.
Steve slid his hand from holding Tony’s palm, hooked their thumbs and pulled him down by his wrist. Tony’s lips met Steve’s in a breathy rush, Tony’s teeth catching Steve’s bottom lip and dragging back as they opened their eyes. “Very good.” Tony whispered, pushing with the wrist that Steve was still holding to drop Steve gently onto his back.
Tony was rewarded with a smile and there was a ping of relief rushing through him.
“Sit, um…” Tony spoke softly. Steve sat on the edge of the bed and, when Tony did not continue, raised one palm up for Tony to grasp.
Tony stared at that date, only a day away, as he rubbed himself dry. He threw the towel back onto the pile whence it came. “Works for me. Set it up!” Tony called to JARVIS.
, Nick," she lightly teased, her heart ready to burst in excitement. "Established fan base, talent, and intelligence. This is
"But do you? I mean, I went through all this trouble. I wanted to see you again," Howard's eyes weren't nearly as captivating as Tony's, but their pleading wasn't lost on Steve. He softened.
"Thank you, JARVIS." Turning to look at Howard, she jerked her head in the direction of the living room. "Let's talk."
The sound of coffee percolating had been long ago tied to Tony. Just like the gentle whooshing and beating sound of a rug being aired out reminded him of his mother, or the quiet scrapes of steel against wood was his grandfather. They could go for months without seeing each other, but every morning Rhodey would hear the sounds of the coffee machine finishing up, and he would flash to Tony, curls askew, pajama bottoms wrinkled, staring longingly at the pot. Young. Small. Full of uncapped potential and innocence and sass and brilliance.
Steve looked at Bruce appreciatively. "My room, please. Tony's sheets need to be changed."
Grinning, Clint starts packing away his archery equipment. "A consultant in what regards?"
Bruce was just leaving as he approached, and Rhodey nodded his hello, "Dr. Banner."
"Get your hands off of him!"
"I think - No! - I
and skittered into the guest room as the elevator dinged. After the morning he had, he wanted nothing more to do with anyone in the tower, at least not until he processed the bomb that Tony -
replied: BUT STEVEN WOULD CLEAN HIM UP.
When the fictional Steve licked, Tony pulled from his ass and rubbed, massaging his opening, and when he sucked, well, Tony couldn't mimic that with his hand, instead he let his finger dip all the way inside and stroked his prostate.
"Ouch."
"Relax, Clint." He looked up. "It all comes out in the wash, don't it?"
Halfway through their bet, Steve takes Tony on an unusual date!
When he finally makes it to the kitchen, it's to find Coulson at the stove flipping pancakes. The sight is bizarre; Tony isn't sure anyone had ever used the stove to cook. But it smells wonderful, and he sits at the table, sifting through what he's learned and the questions; he still had to come up with a topic that would be neutral enough not to upset him. He's still not quite over the breakdown he had upon waking. Nothing comes to him until they’ve almost finished eating. That's when Tony realizes that he knows nothing about Coulson's current charges.
Bruce scoffed,"What am I? A savage? Of course there's cheese in it." Tony gave a genuine laugh. He knew Bruce was playing along and he loved him even more for it. He heard the door open and the sure-footed steps of Steve as he walked across the living to the kitchen.
"I've always wanted to be cool."
The joke garnered a small smile from Tony, and Steve froze when he saw the tears that had gathered in his eyes. Shit.
Howard meant no Tony.
Tony sleeps for two hours. It's not as long as he needs, but it's a step in the right direction. His hand fists into Steve's shirt, opening and closing in movements that are considerably more relaxed than they had been.
"We should be talking to Thor, but we were
Bruce threw his hands in the air. "He's a mess! They had a moment? At least that's what Steve said, but then Tony shut himself away and honestly? I need a vacation after this." He took a deep breath and motioned that he was done.
As always, eternal thanks to my beta, MountainKestral. ❤
"Not that I know from personal experience, but you are a rather detailed storyteller." Standing, Bruce motioned to the mini-fridge in the corner. "Thirsty?"
But by the end, her glares have receded, and she steps up to Tony to shake his hand, giving him a tentative smile. "If Phil trusts you, that's good enough for me."
It all really
"You think I control him? That's laughable!"
loudly from a conference room, nobody said anything.
"137." She noted in the chart.
"And don't you forget it." It would have been sassier, but a yawn halfway through just made him look more adorable than a partially asleep Tony Stark should be, and that was saying something.
Tony nodded, but couldn't bring himself to move just yet.
"No preference," she responded, shooting him an exasperated look and grabbing his discarded coat, "how hard is it to hang this up?"
Why was it
He spared a glance at the glass wall to his right. And if someone were to come down? Tony shrugged. If it was the team, they probably knew why. If it was Steve...maybe he'd join him? Probably not. But Tony knew how he looked in the throes of passion. There were enough leaked sex tapes to confirm that. Modesty was lame, after all.
"Hey!" Rhodey chastised, pulling Tony around so he was out of Steve's reach, "Don't be touching my best friend's butt when I'm holding him! That's all sorts of wrong!"
to-do list was getting
"Let me be the first to congratulate you." Clint smirked, sliding towards him like a child, skating with the slippers.
"Shit indeed," he half chuckled, "guess that the cat’s out of the bag." They were deep in the back room of the New York Public Library, a hidden room of magical and cult related texts, hunting through the old tomes to find anything to send Howard back to 1961. They weren't making much headway.
But he could tell that Steve was worried. They all were. He was never much of a fiction reader before, and he was sure a psychiatrist would have a field day with him, but he really did like the escape.
"Because we've been here for almost three days, and you've eaten next to nothing. Food and a shower will give you a little more energy." Steve paused, his head tilted as he worked through something in his brain. "Nat called," he finally said. "She thinks Howard was confused and didn't really mean what he said. Thor arrived. Apparently, he is adamant that Howard isn't against us."
Tony shook his head, "I fucked up, Steve. I keep fucking up."
"There's like three cookies in there!" Clint whined, grabbing two more packages off the shelf. "You need to get enough!"
As he turned back to sit in one of the chairs, he saw that although Thor was already halfway into the room and placing Mjolnir on one of the end tables next to his couch, Howard still stood in the doorway, looking uncertain.
"Of course you do. You're a fucking whore." He bent down and kissed Tony's cheek, right where the hand print was. "Such a beautiful whore. Just for me."
In the meantime, the incredible response I got to this fic is what made me update it so quickly. So you know. Keep going. Feed my ego like Tony's ass feeds Steve.
He didn't know exactly when it was that he first got sick, but he did know the exact moment when he began to feel better.
"If your wings are damaged, you cannot put them away until they heal."
"Is this guy for real?" Clint said at the same time as Tony yelled through his own com, "Cap, get out of there!" There was panic in his voice.
"That's a complicated question."
There are running footsteps from the hallway as Bruce hurries forward. "Nat! It's Tony! He's okay!"
"I'm not sure pissing Cap off is ever a good idea."
"Are you twelve?" She yelled back, moving over to the couch to sit again.
But as hot as Tony was, he was half blind. It was time to break out the big guns (as well as finally get him into some contacts).
As he was turning to leave, Howard jumped up. "Wait! Tony!" Pausing with his hand on the doorframe, Tony looked expectantly at him. "Uh, do you want to- I mean, since we never got to do those father and son things-" he floundered, blush creeping up his neck, "-do you want to go to the zoo or something?"
It ended with Hulk giving Steve a shovel talk that had the soldier actually afraid.
Steve was looking at him curiously, so Tony did his best to grin in an attempt to ease the soldier's concern. "Oh, yeah. I'm fine. Happens all the time." He said truthfully to the man. You didn't look like he did and not get unwanted advances often.
She laughed, "Own it, Hawkass!"
He was struck with a well of affection for Bruce; the physicist knew him so well. He had even set out Tony's favorite coffee mug next to the machine, a red and blue ceramic cup with a white star at the center,
He glanced at Rhodey and froze at the incredible love he saw reflecting in his best friend's eyes. This man who was saddled with a 14 year old child simply by luck of the drawing system of the dorms, who didn't need to befriend him, didn't have to like him at all, but instead stepped into the shoes of caregiver, protector, and big brother. He took Tony under his wing and never left his side.
Agreeing, he chuckled, "Think we made Steve a little paranoid."
"So, what you're saying is that the good in me that traveled left the other me behind?" He glanced at Tony, "And the bad in me that-- that stayed." His eyes widened, fear overtaking them. "That stayed! Holy shit!
It was Steve's turn to look offended, "There's nothing nasty about it," he said, letting Tony go to get the glasses for the juice, "Bruce, as a man of science, you should know that intercourse is-"
"Jesus, Fury, just spill it!" Nine heads swivelled around to stare at Natasha. She threw her hands up. "This is hard enough! We are on the verge of losing a friend! Or are we not? We don't know because you're dancing around the damn subject!"
"Tony." Steve laughed softly, "Tony, it's not stupid. I get it. But you're not going alone, Natasha said she'd take you. And I'll be home tomorrow night, or sooner if I can swing it. Scout's honor."
"If he knows what's good for him, he will." There was a shout behind them, and a boozehound toppled into Tony's chair, his tea cup spilling over and landing on Tony's spats.
"I think I can make my own bone broth," Clint was saying as he and Natasha walked around Whole Foods. "I've looked it up, takes a while, but it's totally doable."
The elderly couple at the table next to them glared, but it only served to make them laugh harder.
Tony raised an eyebrow. "Solid."
"Which means we
"Send him over, doll face." She nodded and walked away.
He shrugged, setting the guitar on the floor, "I'd be lying if I said I didn't miss it."
"That can be arranged." Reluctantly, he let go, stepping back to rifle through one of the drawers in the examination room, plucking out a bottle of lube. "Lucky for you, I came prepared for today."
"Was? I'm not sure how I feel about that."
Tony's breaths were short, his diaphragm heaving, he was so incredibly aroused to begin with—filled with so much love already!—he didn't know how Steve could make him feel even more. But he did. When Steve pulled his fingers out and climbed up his body, Tony didn't even complain, just wrapped his arms around Steve's broad shoulders and allowed the same to be done to him.
He felt Steve's motions become stilted as he neared his release, felt one of Steve's hands slink in between them to fold around Tony's length, pumping fast to bring Tony over the edge with him. "Steve!" Tony couldn't help but call out as he spilled over Steve's hand, the build up and the emotions too intense to prolong. Steve's body stilled as he came, and Tony revelled in the feeling of being filled up by him.
Tony is having a hard time hiding his curiosity…This is something big. Huge, by the sounds of it. "Who's the Captain? And what does this have to do with my father?"
The world is moving.
With that, he sunk down to his bottom, sitting on the curb and dropping his head in his hands.
in a little over one hour, committing most of it to memory right away even if he doesn't have the context to make sense of it. And six hours after he died, Michael has transported the texts to Tony's Malibu mansion and is standing in front of Tony, studying him.
"Language, Captain! Our poor virgin ears!"
(See the end of the chapter for
He didn't slam the door. Just let it click softly behind him. Somehow, that was more satisfying.
Bruce's hands shook as he inserted his debit card into the reader.
(See the end of the chapter for
exciting!"
"Where is everyone else?"
we chart," Thor pointed out softly.
Tony's arms flailed out to the side, one smacking down on Steve's upper thigh, and his head fell back against the bottom of the couch, "That was
The archer silently digested what he said before nodding. "Okay, Tones." He stood, tilting back his mug and emptying it down his throat. "But if you ever want to talk..."
Howard, well-" he paused, scrunching his face with how badly he was explaining this, "-he didn't have the good in you to offset the bad. We're all capable of doing awful things. Even me," he laughed, a bit of self-recrimination leaking through the sound. "I'm physically considered perfect, I get that. But that never changed who I am inside. I made --
"It's a start. I have a lot to make up for."
"I need to process this, Tony." Howard was sure his own eyes were just as wide. The inside of his throat all the way down to his stomach was twisted, mixed up.
But, personally, I want to hear what
"I have dildos!"
Tony shrugged nonchalantly. "I need him dead. And I need proof. I don't care how, but it needs to be done before Sunday. I got a dinner I have to attend."
"Oh. It's Anthony. Anthony Edward Stark."
"Shut up."
Turning a page on the menu, Rhodey laughed. "If my mother knew half the things I say to you that I wouldn't dare to say around her or anyone else, she'd skin me alive."
"Of course, Boss."
"No," Steve sighed deeply, exhausted and not from being woken up, "not for any of us. Thor might know, but I'm not exactly sure this is any magic he'd be familiar with."
"A red head that might be scarier than me." The bottle she picked up clearly wasn't either scotch or bourbon, "I chose vodka."
Steve laughs, though it's hollow and weary, looking back down at the bottle, "No, I didn't." He sighs, blinking tiredly. "You'd think with how many missions we've had, and how there's been next to no days off, that I'd be sleeping like the dead."
"Never!" He was down the hallway and gone before either Steve or Bruce could respond.
Somehow, this was the best story yet. And he hadn't even gotten to the really sexy stuff yet.
"I said I was sick of gelatin covered everything," he responded with a teasing smirk, "not that there was no good food in the 60's. Though, I spend so much time in Great Britain that if I ever have to eat another poor attempt at curry again it would be too soon."
"Yes, what?" Another smack.
Tony shrugged, "Think we already did." He laughed. "Can't believe I didn't know about this."
"He has already lost his home and everything he knows. Losing his identity as well will only hurt him more." Looking at Steve, Thor inclined his head, "When you were awakened, you felt lost and alone. How much worse would it have been if you were also stripped of your identity?"
And there was Tony, face plate up on the suit as he surveyed the area, shoulders back, the look on his face unidentifiable, with a trickle of blood flowing from his forehead.
"Oh, what the ever loving fuck, Rogers!"
A booming knock at the door had them both jumping, some minutes later. "Boss!"
Shaking her head, Natasha pushed up from the couch and took the book from his hands. "It would take an army to move Steve from Tony's side. Even then only long enough to kill them all for daring to try and separate them in the first place."
Tony would do it for them. Whatever it took. The least they could do was try to do the same for him.
being the operative word there -- he wasn't budging on remembering) but not at that moment.
"That's funny," Tony said coyly, his lips quirked up at the corners, "I'm always in the mood for bratwurst. German it is."
With the outside world so judging, he retreated into the one thing he could do without fully exhausting himself. He read. Voraciously.
Steve looks surprised. "Tony?"
his mind screamed,
Tony's laugh was interrupted by a knock at the door. "Better go answer that. Don't forget your pants. We don't need to feed Clint's inferiority complex when he sees that your largeness isn't just limited to your height." His hand, sneaking down, wrapped around Steve's length, and he revealed in the moan it caused.
He paused, thinking, before the words fell out, tumbling from his fingertips. It was easy when it was something you really wanted. The professionals did say to write what you know, after all. They called that catharsis, didn't they?
Regardless, it spelled shitty childhood in caps. And it all linked back Howard.
He still maintained his own quarters, even though he spent every night and most of his days in Tony's penthouse. Hearing that Tony was calling it theirs was fantastic.
to love him. Steve admired him. He admired him and he loved him with every single fiber of his being.
Turning his head, Steve nipped at the sensitive skin of Tony's inner thigh, scissoring his fingers just enough to make Tony burn, just slightly, testing how he liked it. The answering moan told him everything he needed to know. A little pain went a long way.
"Yeah, you got a dirty mind, you filthy old man."
"Oh fuck." Steve breathed in awe. Tony's hole was still opened from his earlier fun. "Not much for me to do, huh?"
"We made it through nine bottles before I blacked out."
"Lay down," he instructed, "and spread those legs for me. I want inside of you, and I want it now."
Slowly, Tony sank down on him, sighing contentedly as he did so. Steve let out a puff of breath, the tightness and warmth around him almost too much.
"Shut up, Barton!" Groaning, she heaved herself from the chair. "All this thinking has made me hungry."
Steve took a moment to heave an exasperated sigh, glancing up at Tony’s face, and noticed his smile.
Steve felt Tony breathe his last breath, felt his heart beat it’s last beat, felt his body go limp and his lips go slack.
They forgot about any danger there could be, any life-threatening injuries they could have, anything else other than the feeling of their lips against each other’s, caught in a blissful state of unawareness.
It was never meant to end this way.
Tony closed his eyes, let out a dry cough, and said, “Please, Steve, kiss me.”
“Dammit, Tony,” he said, his pale blue eyes tired and desperate, “What on Earth could you possibly be smiling about right now?”
Their lips touched slowly, soft and warm, fusing together into a sweet and passionate exchange.
Everything but each other.
Then Tony said, “Kiss me.”
Steve’s heart sank as he knelt beside Tony, the dreaded feeling only growing more amplified as he did his best to help the wounded man.
He tore more of Tony’s shirt and balled it up, holding it over the wound in a futile attempt at stopping the bleeding.
He mumbled anxiously, consoling himself more than Tony.
Steve pursed his lips and squeezed his eyes shut, drawing a shuddering breath.
Steve cupped Tony’s face in his palms and tilted his head, relaxing ever-so-slightly into the kiss, enough for Tony to lift his other hand and wrap it around Steve’s shoulders, fully embracing him.
But, as Steve fretted over him and attempted to stem the flow of blood from his stomach, Tony only looked at him, in wonder, a small smile playing at his pale lips.
His immediate attention was drawn to the blood soaked patch of shirt over Tony’s stomach, torn and frayed.
But, little did he know, with fixing this one problem, came many new ones.
Tony opened his eyes slightly, his smile fading slowly, and reached a hand behind Steve’s neck to draw him in closer.
Steve watched the arc reactor embedded in Tony’s chest, once bright and shining, flicker for a moment then go dark.
Steve reached for Tony’s shirt and ripped it open, exposing the wound in his abdomen. His hands shook at the sight of the rapidly bleeding gash in Tony’s flesh, but he gathered himself and paid no mind to the dreaded feeling in his own stomach.
“I’m serious.”
Carefully, to avoid startling Tony, Steve pushed the door open and he felt his heart fill with sorrow at the sight in front of him. Tony was curled up into a small ball on the floor right in the middle of the room, face hidden and body shaking with every choked sob that he was clearly trying to hold back but managed to escape his lips anyway. He looked so fragile, so vulnerable, that it made Steve ached even more badly than he already was.
The A.I. could be irritating and meddling sometimes (Tony still didn’t know how much of that was his fault, as that part of his personality could easily be something Jarvis picked up thanks to his leaning system) though most of his comments were able to get a smile out of Tony; or in this case, get him distracted and relaxed enough in order to refrain him from getting all distressed and chicken out once more.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
And, if by any chance that was not enough to absolve himself from any blame, Steve could also argue that if Tony hadn’t given him full access to the Tower, he would have never stepped into Clint’s living room without knocking or giving him a heads up.
Of course he had made a different dish for him, Steve had given up and stopped trying to convince Tony to change his eating habits a long time ago. Once in a while, he made him eat some fruits, vegetables and stuff like that, but that only happened when Tony had been depending on coffee as his only source of nutrition for days in a row.
“I’m getting jealous,” Tony told him in his ear, hugging him from behind, “you’ve been spending a lot of time with Clint lately.”
For instance, right now, Tony would have gone upstairs to look for Steve instead of lying on the couch in his workshop staring at the roof for more than thirty minutes, unable to focused on anything. But he had to stay right where he was because he was mad at him, which created a kind of paradox since if Tony weren’t angry with him, he would be able to concentrate which eliminated the reason why he wanted to go and look for him.
“I don’t wear diapers!” Clint assured, his face tomato red. Steve raised an eyebrow. “OK, just that time, but it was Phil’s stupid idea! I don’t need diapers! I am a big boy and I am well potty-trained!” he insisted, slamming his hands on the table. It took him just a second to realize how childish he had sounded, and his face turned even redder.
“Correction, I haven’t gone to bed when you’ve been in it,” Tony remarked, releasing Steve from his embrace and straightening. “How do you know I haven’t been there when you’re training, spending time with Clint or out in the street?” he reasoned, walking around the sofa to stand in front of him.
Tony’s whole body hurt. Not in a way that made him think there was something seriously wrong with him, but not in a way he could ignore either. Even if it was hard for Tony to admit it, chances were he was coming down with something, which wasn’t that surprising.
“You fucking traitor! When did you start being on the side of the fucking national icon?! Open the fucking door right now or I swear I will turn you into a fucking alarm clock which can only be stopped if you destroy it!” OK, he was never going to do such a thing, and he knew JARVIS already knew that, but it was kind of frustrating that the AI always pair up with Steve in this situations.
Without warning, he picked up Tony and balanced him on his hip, wrapping an arm around his waist and a hand supporting his butt. Tony squealed in surprise, it was the first time Steve carried him like that while being completely awake and Tony was embarrassed to admit it was kind of scary. He threw his arms and legs around Steve’s neck and waist, feeling stupid. If Steve let him fall, Tony wouldn’t get hurt seriously – Steve was tall, but not that much – though the floor looked unusually far from up there.
"I'm not immune to pain, I do feel pain," Steve clarified, though he doubted he would feel nothing but a tickle if he stubbed himself, "besides, you don't need the serum, you just need to be more careful and pay more attention to the things that are surrounding you," he said mockingly, knowing perfectly well what Tony's answer was going to be.
With very good agility that would fool anyone into believing he had been doing this for ages, Steve proceeded to change Tony’s diaper, fighting the urge to tickle him or something of the like to avoid stretching on the process more than it was necessary. There would be plenty of time to do those things once Tony learned not to be embarrassed.
“Why don’t you go and get changed, there are some diapers under the sink. I’ll wait for you right here,” Steve promised, patting his baby’s diaper-clad rump encouragingly. Tony’s face contorted in apprehension, body tensed and fidgety at the same time, opening his mouth as if to protest but closing it again after words failed. “What is it, baby?”
“Because you couldn’t, but not for the lack of trying… but anyway, that’s not the point now. The point is, why do you always have to make me do this? Why do we have to end up like this?” Steve asked, putting his hands on Tony’s hips in order to keep him in balance, because Tony’s legs were supporting less and less of his weight, and he was sure he wasn’t even realizing it.
“I’m not allowed to provide that information to you,” the A.I. said, and Steve swore he could hear a hint of discontentment in its voice. “But if you let me give you an advice, Captain, you should talk to Sir. Lately, he seems to be stressing out about something that shouldn’t be that difficult to fix.”
Anyway,  I hope you enjoyed the chapter even if it was kind of short.
“You’ll be late,” Tony said with a surprisingly tiny voice, and even if he was kicking Steve out in a way, his hands kept clutching his shirt.
"Nothing, go back to sleep," Steve said, putting some pajamas bottoms on.
"No! It's nothing like that! You got it all wrong!" Steve assured, walking around the kitchen's island to move closer to Tony, though he stopped when Tony looked like he would leave if he got any closer. "It's nothing about sex, its nothing about wanting to humiliate you! It's just,… I… I thought it would be a viable way to help you to cope with everything," Steve informed, staying a few inches away from the sofa.
"Hey, you're done early," Steve pointed out while he stepped out of the elevator and walked towards the living room where Tony was sitting on a couch, leaning over to press a quick kiss on his lips.
“I-I wa-wanna go wi-with m-my da-daddy,” Clint begged.
Steve crossed the room in a few long strides, reached the closet, opened it and grabbed a stack of clothes he’d previously selected and put aside especially for this moment, keeping an eye on his baby at all time just in case he decided to flee. At the same pace, he walked back, smiled at Tony once more, and laid out the outfits on the mattress in front of him: a light blue onesie with the stamp of a screwdriver and a wrench as well as the words “DADDY’S ASSISTANT” printed across the front of it; a red polo bodysuit and some plaid overalls shorts with a car embroidered on the chest; and some plain khaki shorts with an orange and white striped t-shirt.
Perhaps taking a short break would actually work. If Tony continued like that, he would soon find himself drawing on the papers and that would definitely piss Pepper off.
“QUIT THAT NOW!” Steve yelled from the kitchen and Tony just froze. It had been his commander voice. Steve never used his commander voice when they weren’t at battle. He never used his commander voice when they were in the tower. And he certainly never used his commander voice when he was with him unless he was losing his patience, which was saying a lot of him.
Well, it was a rather short chapter, I know. Next one will be longer, I promise.
“Tony. You should tell Tony,” Phil replied as he raised the remote and pointed it at the TV, turning it off.
Steve signed heavily, putting the fork down on the plate as it was clear Tony wouldn’t accept any food until his curiosity was satisfied. “Can’t I pamper you?” he asked. Tony raised an eyebrow, clearly taken aback by how simple Steve’s reason seemed to be. “Don’t you like it when I coddle you?”
Out of the corner of his eyes, Tony could see how Clint turned his head to look at them at the mention of his name, and stare at Tony. However, the TV seemed to be more interesting than Tony, because just a few seconds later, Clint focused his eyes on the screen once more.
Music, there was some music being played in the distance. Tony could hear it; it had woken him up. A quick glance to the window was enough to verify it was still dark outside. Who the hell was playing music at such early hour in the morning? No, wait, it wasn’t music. Well, it was, but it was a ringtone. A cell phone’s ringtone. Who the hell was he calling him at such early hour in the morning? Did Tony have an early meeting that he had forgotten about and that was Pepper wanting to know if he was ready to go? No, Tony didn’t remember having forgotten about any meeting.
Let me know what you think about this chapter :)
“He’s okay,” Natasha reassured, tenderness uncharacteristically tinging her voice, “even if he broke all of his bones, I’m pretty sure he’ll be good as new in a couple of days.” Tony stopped pacing to look at her, eyes wide open in horror. “You know what I mean.”
“I don’t like them, they’re all baby books. I’m a big boy,” Clint declared after kicking some of the books.
“You do,” Steve assured, “and to be honest, I find it astonishing you don’t sleepwalk, sleep talk or something else considering your atrocious sleeping habits.”
“I don’t wan…”
Tony took a few steps forward before stopping and turning around to look at him, anxiety written all over his face. Pushing aside the thought that he should’ve waited until after lunch, Steve smiled, nodded and gestured with his hands to go ahead. After staring at him for several more seconds, Tony turned around, and with the tip of his index finger stuck into his mouth, he began looking around the room.
Though, having his baby sound asleep next to him as he saw how the city slowly came awake made it all worthwhile.
With movements a bit too brisk, Tony lowered his head and stretched his arms toward Steve in the universal pick-me-up signal. Steve felt excitement beginning to pound hard in the pit of his stomach.
“I’m almost done,” Steve informed, and Tony wished he wouldn’t. It wasn’t really necessary, not when he was well aware of everything that was happening, not when he could perfectly feel how his thighs were gently pushed apart so the diaper could be pulled up and smoothed in place. “All done,” Steve said, patting the side of his now diaper covered bottom. Tony felt like crawling under a rock and die. “Can you look at me, please, sweetpea?” he asked. Tony shook his head in a way Steve could see the motion even if his face was still hidden behind the pillow.
“I dun know.”
If Steve had gotten the feeling Tony wasn’t going to go along with the Age Play thing, why did he try to involve him in it anyway? Why didn’t he just tell him what he wanted to do? Who knows how many arguments they had had at the beginning of their relationship, most of them due to his lack of communication skills, and now Steve went and did this? As if Tony had never asked Steve to try new things! And Steve might have been a bit reluctant a few times, but they had always come to an agreement.
“I already answered to that. If you’re not clever enough to remember, it’s not my problem! Now, move!” Tony ordered once more.
But what happened when the seed of the idea wasn’t something he had come up with himself, but rather something that someone else had planted there? Well, it would eat him away until he carried it through, just like if it had been his own idea, his brain couldn’t care less about who the owner was.
How could Steve demand Clint to lend the sippy cup to Tony if Tony hadn’t wanted to lend his Lego bricks when they were in the playroom before? It wouldn’t have been fair and the three of them knew it.
It's been a while since I last updated. I'm sorry. Beisdes the fact that the last two months of the year is when I'm the busiest, I haven't really felt like writing. I hope I have time to update soon, but I promise nothing n_n'''
“What is it, Tony? Has the cat got your tongue?” Steve teased, and that childish questions made Tony wonder if he really didn’t know what he was going to say.
However, Tony was still determined to please Steve by giving a try to whatever he proposed. Therefore, Tony ended up drinking from it, being internally thankful that, at least, Steve hadn’t gotten him a bottle.
“Are you sure?” Tony asked, stopping himself from leaning on Steve by keeping both hands holding Steve’s shoulders, arms not bending at all.
“Noooo.”
“I know you do, but he’s not here, he’s working.”
“Oh yeah, I forgot,” Tony acknowledged, his fingers already moving fast on the screen.
Practically dragging him, Steve directed Tony to the table again, deliberately ignoring all the swearing. Tony surely wasn’t careful with language, he never had and he never would, but it was just in these situations when it got worse, when he was right across the line, otherwise he would try to get out of anything just by saying any of his clever quotes, not swearing like a sailorman. It wasn’t difficult to make him sit down again, and when Steve was about to sit down too, Tony stood up one more time, getting away from him as fast as he could.
Phil said nothing to that, but the grimace expressed his disbelief. “What happened?” he asked, walking to the bed where Clint had fallen asleep and leaning over to pressed a kiss to his forehead. Steve didn’t have to be a genius to know what he was talking about.
Anyway, if you saw a mistake, please let me know :)
It was worth the wait. His baby looked adorable lying in his crib.
“I told you not to watch the TV so closely,” Phil scolded, “come and sit down over here, or I’m not turning it on again,” he warned, his voice serious.
____________
"No. I mean, yes, I said no because, what I meant with no was yes, but I got confused," Tony babbled. Steve smiled in sympathy and pulled him closer to his chest, a hand cupping his head to keep him in place.
After the way things had been shaking out, hoping Tony to fall asleep seemed like an impossible goal; but after the battle, the meltdown and the sleep deprivation – a constant, if not permanent, issue with Tony – lulling his baby to sleep turned out to be easy. Keeping him from waking up, not so much.
So, Tony allowed himself get into his Little mindset, now when it was still out of free will and not a slip caused by pushing that side away for too long. Now when he didn’t have to be focused more on his surroundings than the toys in front of him, jumping every time he heard a noise, afraid somebody may walk into the room and catch him while his Little headspace was in charge.
“No,” Tony mumbled.
Reluctantly, and after hesitating a lot, Tony did, something for which Steve was grateful. If he stopped holding Tony by the waist in order to title his head up, his baby might try to run away. What a pain it was not to be able to use both arms.
After a quick trip to the communal kitchen, where he left some burgers just in case someone wanted some, he walked back the elevator, and asked JARVIS to take him where Tony was.
“For being a book that was written for teenagers, I’ve got to admit it’s really good, it really caught my attention.”
“I don’t want to do this anymore,” Tony repeated, voice determined.
"No," Tony answered, maybe a bit too fast.
“That’s it! I’m out of here! I have better things to do than sitting down and playing this stupid staring contest with you!” Tony exclaimed as he stood up, walking with determination toward the door. “Move!”
And it would have been great if the little quarrel had stopped there, but Steve’s luck seemed to be failing colossally that day. Clint hadn’t wanted to play video games by himself, and he had asked Steve to play with him. That wouldn’t have been an issue if Tony hadn’t insisted that Steve held the sippy cup for him while drank the juice. With both hands.
However, that description only applied to Tony when he was in his adult mindset. His baby side, on the other hand, had proven to have a looser grab on his emotions, impulses and behavior. Steve had seen Tony acting a bit unfriendly towards Clint a few times when being in his Little headspace, and Steve couldn’t shake the feeling that what had happened today had been caused by another fit of jealousy of his baby.
Tony kept waddling behind him, keeping a considerable distance between them during all the way. Phil didn’t slow down to be nearer Tony, though he kept a close eye on him so he wasn’t taken by surprised if Tony decided to run away one more time. Thankfully, he didn’t, and Phil was relieved to see that Tony was still behind him when he entered his and Steve’s room.
“Well, it’s up to you. I told you Daddy’s okay with whatever you decide,” Steve promised. Tony glared at him one look of dismay. “What? I mean it,”
That had been unnerving. Tony had been aware of everything that had been happening; yet, he hadn’t been able to do anything about it. It had been like he was just a spectator, watching how someone else controlled his actions. And the fact that the one who had been controlling him was just another side of himself hadn’t helped that much.
By the time they reached the elevator and rode it to Tony’s floor, the breathing Steve felt against his neck became rhythmic, Tony had undoubtedly gone back to sleep. Steve was grateful for that, it was always easier to deal with Tony when he was already asleep.
"So, I wondered how it was possible for such advertisement to show up here if I never visit such websites, and you certainly don't either. I thought to myself a virus must have been the responsible. I was even going to scold you for not being careful and visit every website the browser shows you whenever you do research," Tony continued relating, putting the tablet down on the couch when he made sure Steve had seen what he showed to him, "I went to the history to try to identify the website where the virus may have come from, and let me tell you, I found some very interesting sites."
Because of that, Steve saw himself forced to allow Clint to wear normal jeans and not the elastic-waist ones he usually wore whenever he was Little; he had had no choice but to let Clint watch an action movie which any parent would never let a toddler watch; he had had to serve snacks before lunch, and not after; and he hadn’t been able to talk Clint into eating something more nutritious than the Chinese food he had had demanded. The only thing Steve hadn’t consented was to grant him permission to stay without a pull-up, and even if Clint had disagreed very loudly, Steve preferred to deal with a pout than with an accident.
Practically dragging his feet, as if they hadn’t gotten the memo that his mind was already made up, Tony made his way to the living room where, according to JARVIS, Steve was supposed to be. And the A.I. hadn’t been wrong.
“Do you think you were the only one who was distracted?” That earned Steve a look of disbelief. “I was out of focus during all battle, maybe even more than you. I should’ve seen the attack coming long before I did, but I didn’t, and that’s why I didn’t have enough time to move you out of the way and avoid the hit too.” Tony looked up at him, brows drawn together in clear disapproval. “Yes, Tony. I’m the Captain, I’ve got to keep my head in the battle all the time, no matter what, otherwise, I won’t be able to lead you correctly. If anything, what happened was nobody else’s fault but mine,” he acknowledged.
Eventually, to Steve’s relief, Tony went completely limp.
____________
“You don’t want this or you don’t want to want it?”
“I…I’m… so-sorry,” Clint sobbed pitifully, struggling to hold back his tears.
Tony refused to drink from anything that wasn’t the sippy cup, and Clint refused to lose his grip on it. He even kept holding it when they finished having lunch and moved to the living room. It was until Tony snatched the controllers of the video game console which Clint planned on playing with, that Clint agreed to let him use his sippy cup.
Though five minutes passed. Then ten. Twenty. And Tony didn't seem to be able to relax. The mental picture of daddy's strong arms surrounding him, protecting him from whatever was stopping him from calming down got so sharp, it became impossible to ignore.
“But you promised,” Clint whined, pouting harder. He had been pouting ever since Steve told him it wasn’t possible to have a puppy-shaped pizza.
“No,” Tony denied, voice determined, whining loudly when Steve tried to pry his hands away. Steve stopped cold when his lower lip began quivering, the last thing he wanted to do was hurt him.
“Leave it to you to stub with furniture every time you can,” Steve commented, refraining himself from moving closer to Tony and rub his toes.
That, and the reassuring hand rubbing circles down his back, helped to ease the anxiety, but not completely. Tony was sure his lungs temporarily forgot how to do their job correctly while Steve passed the living room on his way to the kitchen.
“You’re losing,” Steve declared, causing Tony another fit of laughter.
The problem had been Tony. Specifically, Tony’s little self. If he hadn’t been able to calm down was because Steve’s absence had really affected him. He had missed Steve in a way his adult self had never. It had been nothing like what he felt when he woke up and found out that Steve was long gone; or when he hadn’t seen him for days because their responsibilities had kept them apart, or when he had to go to meetings on the other side of the world and Steve couldn’t come along; or when he found himself suddenly aroused, desperate for Steve’s touch, and he couldn’t find him anywhere around. No, what he felt during those moments didn’t compare to how wrecked he had felt that day, to how desperately his little side had needed Steve.
Tony raised a questioning eyebrow at him. “How come?”
Steve might not have made up his mind whether to tell Tony about the age play thing or not, but that wasn’t going to stop him from trying to find out how Tony would probably take it. Maybe if Steve tested the waters a little bit before bringing the topic up, he could bring himself to do it. Maybe if he showed Tony slyly how things would be, his chances of getting him to agree would increase.
“Well, everything you do on a computer, cell phone or tablet is automatically saved. Advertisers keep a watchful eye on your browsing habits, so, if you look for cars on the Internet, there’s a great possibility the pop-ups you see are from car agencies or websites,” Tony explained, voice serious. It was far from the first time Tony explained him something related to these topics, but Steve couldn’t shake the feeling there was something off. “I usually get ads about gadgets and stuff like that.”
Sorry for taking too much time to update. I've been kind of busy, and then I got obsessed wth watching horror movies (which I don't like, especially because I live by myself, and get scared very easily), but that led me to rewatch IT,and then I got curious about the book since the remake is gonna be released very soon, so I spent all my free time reading the book n_n', which is pretty long!
One thing had been to be allowed to put a fresh diaper on him, and a different thing was to be allowed to change a diaper that had already been used. It had taken Tony quite a while to be comfortable with the idea of relieving himself in them, and even after it became something habitual in their age play sessions, he’d never failed to look fairly distressed afterwards. If Tony decided it was too embarrassing and he wanted to deal with diapers changes himself, Steve was more than willing to go along with it.
"Eh… no, it’s not that, it’s… it’s more like… I mean, why?” Tony babbled.
By now, Tony had read pretty much everything there was about infantilism and age play. That helped him to understand why he was the way he was, and he kind of accepted it as a part of who he was. But that didn’t mean he liked it. He still hated that part of him and he wanted to get rid of it. All the information he had read didn’t give him any clue on how to do that, though.
And Steve got yet one more opportunity to gather more information about what Tony enjoyed.
Once Tony decided to get out from under the bed, everything had gone so smoothly that Phil even dared to think things would be all right from then on. It was true that Tony had refused empathetically to take a quick shower, but considering de fact that he didn’t like water, Phil was afraid he shouldn’t even have proposed such a thing. However, Tony hadn’t resisted when Phil undressed him from his waist down in order to wipe off with a wet cloth all the dried urine from his skin. He had continued sobbing as he called for Steve every now and then, and an intense blush never faded from his face, but besides that, Tony had been quite docile. He hadn’t even complained when Phil informed him he was going to go downstairs with him and Clint.
Captain America might be a nearly perfect human being, with peak human strength, speed, reflexes, among other skills; but that didn’t make him invincible, and Tony sometimes seemed to forget that. The reminders were always dreadful. There was just something terribly wrong with the picture of an injured and unconscious Steve, and Tony was afraid that image would be printed in his brain for a long time.
“Shut it, you should know better than to betray your own creator,” Tony said, looking at the roof. He had mocked everybody for looking up every time JARVIS spoke, but instead of making them break that habit, he had picked it up himself. “One of these days you’re gonna try my patience, and I’m gonna turn you into an alarm clock, so the only thing you can say is the hour and everybody will hit you when you wake them up,” Tony warned, though everyone knew those were empty threats, Tony couldn’t live without the A.I.
“People are wrong when they say zombies are not possible. I have one as a boyfriend,” Steve joked when Tony stepped out of the elevator and entered the living room, dragging his feet as he clutched a mug to his chest like if it was the most precious thing in his life.
- - - - -
“Well, if you’re not gonna attack, I will,” Steve informed as he pivoted on his left foot and swung his rear leg forward, directly to Clint’s waist.
Tony wanted to tell Steve to mind his own business and get away from him as fast as possible. He wanted to kick his ass for unsettling him like this, for making him want to do something like this, for giving him the hope of having something he had already come to terms with never being able to get. Tony wanted to beat Steve for sticking his nose in this matter, for finding a way to meddle in his life. But most of all, Tony wanted to throw his arms around him and ask him for comfort, he wanted to let Steve take care of him.
Anyway, thank you for your comments and kudos, it makes me very happy to know there are people out there who enjoy reading this. ♥
But Clint being moody wasn’t such a big deal, the problem arose when Clint slipped into his little headspace while he was feeling like that. He got extremely cranky and fussy, and no matter what Phil did, say or suggested, Clint disagreed just because. As he was doing right now. The good thing was that Phil knew exactly what to do to handle this situation: putting Clint down for a nap. And that was exactly what Phil was planning on doing after Clint finished eating, because Clint would never be able to fall asleep if he was hungry.
Steve followed Clint, out of the corner of his eye, in his way to the counter where the box of pizza lay. Clint opened it and stared at it with a thoughtful expression on his face, scratching his chin. Surely, he was trying to decide which slice was the biggest one. Perhaps Steve should have gone and serve the other slice himself.
“Give me a good reason why you don’t want to answer. That’s all I’m asking Tony. Give me that and you will be able to go then,” Steve reasoned, trying remain calmed.
Without thinking it twice, Tony turned around and fled from the room, ignoring Steve’s requests to wait. His hands reached for the phone in his pocket and clumsy fingers tapped on the screen, he needed his armor to be ready to take off as soon as he exited SHIELD headquarters.
“I still don’t know what I’d like to do,” Tony acknowledged, face hidden in the crock of Steve’s neck.
Steve looked at him skeptically. “Really?”
Pushing Tony’s plate aside, Steve reached for the bottle in front of them and lowered Tony back a little so his back could be entirely supported by his arm. A more comfortable position to drink from a bottle. Futile, because Tony turned his face away when Steve offered the nipple of the bottle.
Steve smiled at Tony in agreement, and after dropping a quick kiss on his forehead, he stood up, lifting him up in the process, though instead of placing him on his hip as it’d become customary, Steve set Tony down on his feet on the floor. Tony felt perplexed, and had Steve not turned around and walked away into the hallway, he’d probably wonder why Daddy wasn’t carrying him.
“No, you know you’re not allowed to leave a floor without an adult.” Phil reminded, turning back his attention to Tony right after the thermometer indicated with a beep that the temperature had been taken. Phil removed it and his mouth tugged into a disapproving frown when he saw the numbers displayed. 101 F, nothing to be too alarmed, but Tony was definitely sick. “You have a fever, kiddo,” he announced, looking down at Tony, “why didn’t you tell me that you weren’t feeling okay?” he questioned.
“Good luck, Sir,” JARVIS wished him, and Tony couldn’t deny that was quite comforting.
been easy.
“Really?” Steve asked with an exaggerated tone of voice to convey his skepticism.
Not wanting to waste time and give Tony the opportunity to stop him again, Steve unfolded the diaper and placed it under him, spreading some powder before fastening it together. Tony whimpered a little as Steve pulled him into a sitting position and whined a bit louder when the Teddy was taken from his hold, making Steve to feel guilty, although he needed to do that in order to manipulate him into a onesie. The Iron Man onesie, which was one of Tony’s favorites, even if he disagreed. As soon as Steve snapped it at the crotch, he gave Tony his Teddy back and this time he didn’t think twice about holding it.
But Tony wasn't paying attention to him, not yet. He kept sniffling and babbling something about Ted. Steve was still clueless about who or what that Ted was, so he just kept rocking him as he murmured reassuring words in his ear. It wasn’t until he paid attention to what Tony was clutching in his hands, that he understood what his partner was trying to say. Teddy bear. The only one he had. The one he was pretty sure Tony loved even if he said otherwise. And Steve couldn’t deny there was a stingy sensation in his chest, due to the fact that it was the one he had given him.
Tony looked around with the intention to find something that may help him, and a twinge of guilt settle in his stomach when his eyes laid on Bruce.
Of course that was a lie.
“Oh,” Steve expressed, already walking beside Tony, “you know, you could use your diaper baby, daddy wouldn’t mind changing you,” Steve suggested, and he wasn’t surprised when Tony shook his head slightly. Without saying anything further, Steve leaned over to put the sheets down and proceeded to remove the diaper.
Steve sighed deeply, and he hoped Clint didn’t burn down the kitchen while being there. There was a reason why Phil never took his eyes off of him, when Clint was little, he tended to be more mischievous than normal. Once, Steve had put him down for a nap, or at least he had thought he had done that, because twenty minutes later when Steve had gone to his room to check on him, he had found Clint sitting on the floor in front of the wall, painting on it with some crayons.
Natasha picked up the movie this time. A spy movie. She actually didn't like them, but Clint and she did like to point out all the mistakes and unreal things that happened in them. Thor was just happy to see whatever everybody else was watching and Bruce stayed there even if he preferred to sit down on a corner a little far from them and read a book. Tony thought about excusing himself and go to his room, but Steve nudged him discreetly towards the couch when he noticed Tony’s intension. He didn’t even think about complaining, after all, the movie might give him an idea of how to sneak out. Hope springs eternal.
Steve sighed heavily when Tony’s eyes began to fill up with tears. Not once had Tony demanded for a sippy cup, not even when they had just started age playing, so why did he have to want one precisely today?
“I’m sorry baby, but I can’t let you go to bed with an empty stomach, you have to eat something,” Steve apologized.
“You weren’t in bed and it smells like you,” Tony muttered. Steve’s smile got bigger.
Tony had been drunk the first time he had slept there, otherwise, there had been no way he would have climbed into the crib in his right mind.
“I’m gonna start charging you every time I have to babysit,” Steve said, eyes still closed. Phil chuckled.
"No! Not like that!" Tony asked when he felt two fingers being tucked in his pants, pulling them down. He tried to avoid it, grabbing his pants with the hand that wasn't stuck between him and Steve, but the only thing he accomplished was having this hand pinned to his lower back.
While Phil attempted to soothe Tony – without good results – Clint had an accident, and soon Phil had to deal with two crying littles.
"What the hell JARVIS? Are you fucking kidding me?!"
____________
bath toys, Tony felt something he couldn’t really understand, and found himself experiencing a strong urge to cry.
“Sweetheart, there’s nothing to be jealous about,” Steve promised as he wrapped him up in a hug once more. “Clint is bigger than you, indeed, and it’s true I do different things with him, but that doesn’t mean I get bored with you. I love our play dates, I wouldn’t change them for anything.”
“No! S-St-Stop!” Tony managed to say between guffaws, gasping.
“I do,” Steve said, reaching for a diaper and unfolding it as fast as he could, afraid Clint might back out when he remembered Tony’s diapers had very childish designs on them and were almost three times as thick as the pull-ups he usually wore.
“It doesn’t seem that way, Tony,” Steve suggested, causing a slightly blush on Tony’s cheeks.
"Of course!"
“I… I just–,” Tony trailed off, looking at his toes as if they were the most fascinated thing he’d ever seen.
Phil pursed his lips as he refrained himself from commenting further. Tony seemed to be mad at him, and Phil got the feeling that it would be worse if he tried to do something about it. Sighing slightly, Phil focused his attention on Clint once more, or that was what he had intended to do before catching a last glimpse of Tony’s face. His cheeks were flushed and he looked kind of pale. That could certainly be caused by how much Tony had been crying. However, Phil instinctively reached out to touch a hand to Tony’s forehead, and he furrowed his eyebrows in concern when he sensed how overly warmed Tony felt.
“That’s not an excuse, and it just worsens this situation,” Tony stated before turning around once more and leaving the room.
Frustrated, Tony sat up on the bed as carefully as possible to not disturb Steve's sleep. Or maybe he should. Steve could help him, just as he was helping him to get used to calling him daddy. It hadn't been completely intentional, the word had slipped out before he could stop it and the jealousy he had been feeling right then had unquestionably been the one to blame. That hadn't made Steve less happy, though. After the shock was overcome, Steve pulled him into a hug and kissed him non-stop all over the face, glazed eyes showing Tony his contentment.
“Tell him what?” Steve questioned, feeling a bit frustrated since the conversation didn’t seem to move forward.
He grabbed the chair and smashed it into the window. Tiredness didn’t let him realize either how obvious it was that the glass wasn’t a weak one, being the Avengers and having a lot of enemies who wanted to kill them meant that he had gotten the tower built with the most resilient materials that ever existed. His anger just increased, and even if it wasn’t going to work, he kept smashing the door with the chair, until it broke.
“Just this time, I promise,” Steve insisted, Clint shook his head vigorously as he kept trying to kick Steve away. “Look, if you’re a good boy, Uncle Steve’s going to buy pizza for lunch, how about that?” he proposed, and he would have laughed at the way Clint instantly stopped, eyes wide open in disbelief. Phil rarely allowed him to eat junk food while he was in his little headspace, arguing adult Clint already ate too much of it. So, junk food always came in handy when blackmailing Clint into behaving.
“Daddy, I’m tired, I wanna sleep,” Clint repeated from the bed, making Phil turn his head around to look at him.
Without minding his injuries and as much as his splinted arm allowed him, Steve pulled his baby into a crushing hug. Tony gave a startled squeak and froze, but soon he breathed a quiet sigh of relief and melted into him. It wouldn’t be a surprise if, regardless of what Steve had assured, Tony had been expecting a totally different reaction, one with more anger involved. But that wasn’t going to happen.
“I beg your pardon?” Steve asked, taken aback.
“No, it is where it’s always been,” Steve assured, trying not to think too much about the fact that Tony hadn’t looked at him not even once yet. “Are you OK?” he repeated when he saw Tony kept rubbing his toes.
Right there, Tony felt like his stomach got detached and dropped miles.
“Tha-tha-that’s… chea-that-,” Tony tried to say between guffaws.
“And I need to finish that before I start signing the papers,” Tony explained, a cocky smile appearing on his face.
Before Tony could hold onto it Steve reached for the pillow, pulled it away and put it under one of his legs where it wouldn’t be easy to be snatched away. Tony grunted once more as he curled in on himself and hid his face against his knees, clearly not wanting to face Steve.
“It’s okay, sweety. There’s nothing to be ashamed of. You just need a diaper change, no biggie.”
Steve led Tony to the bed and without further delay, he pushed Tony gently until he had his back against the mattress. Knowing what would happen next, Tony hurried to hide his face behind his teddy bear, but did nothing to refrain Steve from diapering him.
Steve would never frown on Tony’s habit of sneaking out of a hospital before being discharged – or examined, for that matter – because he had been about to do exactly the same when Phil entered the room with the discharge documentation in hand. Good, a picture of Captain America jumping out of a window, bandaged and in a splint, would certainly make headlines and cause a big commotion. Steve had enough problems to deal with right now to have to do some damage control with the press on top of that.
For the next few minutes everything remained quiet, and only the sound of their mixed breathing disturbed the silence. A sporadic fidgeting indicated Steve that Tony was feeling anxious, but that was to be expected. Undoubtedly, Tony was trying to figure out a way to get out of this conversation, and realizing Steve wouldn’t allow that to happen made him restless. At least he hadn’t attempted to run away, and Steve took that as an improvement; so if Tony needed more time to get it into his head that the only way for them to leave this room was solving this issue first, well, Steve had no problem with waiting.
“And who said I was his daddy?” Steve inquired, leaning his head forward to look up at him in the eyes. Tony looked away nervously.
"You're hungry," Tony stated.
“No, sir. He said he just wanted to talk to you.”
When all the food had been eaten and the table had been cleaned up – seriously, nobody understood why Steve made them do that themselves if Tony had a lot of people take care of the cleaning of the Tower – they decided to move into to the living room. It wasn't movie night, but somehow they had made the habit of watching a movie after a difficult and long battle.
And as usual, if you spot any typo or mistake or incoherent line, please let me know. I actually didn't re-read this chapter as much as I usually do n_n''.
“I–,” Tony trailed off, failing to find a valid excuse to justify why he was still there, why he hadn’t run off with Phil and Clint when the former got informed Steve was allowed to receive visitors. There was no way Tony was going to tell her he was afraid of seeing him. What if what Steve wanted to talk about was bad news, and this incident just worsened everything?
“Daddy,” a tiny voice said from the other side of the door. If Phil still doubted it, that confirmed that he was dealing with little Tony.
Well, I know what Tony was doing wasn't really correct, but he's a human being after all and he can err too.
“No, seriously, what happened?” Steve asked as Tony sat down on the bed next to him, voice a bit worried, “are you sick or something?” he placed a hand on Tony’s forehead which Tony pushed away almost immediately.
Steve waited a bit more before leaning over and rolling Tony over onto his back once more. Tony moaned because of the forced change of position, but he made no attempt to get away from him. Steve stroked his thigh affectionately and got up from the bed to get the supplies he would need, a goofy smile on his face.
“Actually, Sir…”
"We are already here Tony. C'mon, at least give it a try, if you don't feel comfortable or you don't like it, we'll stop and that's it," Steve urged.
“Come on Clint, get up here, there’s plenty of space.” Steve said, patting the empty spot in the bed next to him.
Being frequently pushed to go beyond and try things that hadn’t been agreed on beforehand was starting to be too much; playing a baby role, wearing childish clothes and diapers as well as being carried around had reached a level of embarrassment that wasn’t endurable anymore; experiencing a new headspace proved to be more disorientating and unsettling than was thought; continuing age playing entailed the risk of someone finding out about it, and the exposure which disclosing that kind of information would cause might be a bit too difficult to handle. Those, those were the kind of reasons that Steve was expecting to hear. Those reasons would be totally understandable and foreseeable; so foreseeable that he’d already begun thinking about solutions, limits, and compromises which could make things easier for Tony and which would allow him to keep age playing without the anxiety it was apparently causing him.
It was just by chance that one day, when he was doing extra chores that had been assigned to him as punishment for retaliating against a senior who had picked on him, he discovered that the school kept a supply of pull-ups. Surely there were some pretty young students who had problems with keeping their pants dry – poor kids, they were sent away at a pretty young age, even younger than he had been. Pull-ups weren’t exactly diapers, but they were the closest thing he could ever have gotten while living there. Tony hadn’t even hesitated to take one package to his room, adrenaline running through his veins all the way back, afraid to run into somebody. As soon as he got inside his room, he locked the door and looked for the perfect place to hide the package, but not without trying one on first. It fit, a little bit tight, but not that much. This was the first, and only, time he was grateful for being small and thin for a kid his age.
"I wanna sleep," Clint whined as he tried to get away from Phil, unsuccessfully. He had never been a fan of showers, especially because there were no such things as shower toys.
“That’s cheating!” Tony yelled right before Steve stopped tickling his ribs just to proceed to blow raspberries against his sensible belly.
“You should tell him,” Phil said out of the blue. Or maybe he had been talking about something in particular and Steve had been the one who hadn’t been paying attention, too lost in thought.
“Noodle soup and salad?”
Steve’s lips pursed, “There are no more sippy cups, baby, that’s the only one. Come on, just try drinking from your bottle,” he proposed as he held it up in front of his face. Tony shook his head stubbornly.
This was the fourth time they had a play date, and Steve was still finding it hard to believe it. After the fight they had had when Tony found out about his interest in Age Play, Steve had truly believed that had been it, and he was more than willing to forget about the matter if that was what Tony wanted. It had been such a big surprise when Tony admitted he was curious about it too.
“I dun wanna,” Tony mumbled. Steve refrained himself from saying anything, though he raised an eyebrow questioningly. Surely his baby didn’t expect Steve to remind him once more that the answers weren’t optional, he had to have realized that by now. And he apparently did. After wiggling restlessly, whining quietly but distressfully, and pouting deeply, he turned to face Steve with a look of resignation in his eyes that informed of his inability to talk his way around this time.
There was just one reason why Phil would call Steve at that hour: checking on Clint. And If Phil wanted Steve to do that was because Clint was in his Little mindset, and even if Phil would like to be the one when Clint slipped into that headspace, a mission or a SHIELD matter had to be preventing him from arriving home. Steve wouldn’t leave Clint alone if that was the case, he would stay with him during the rest of the night to look after him, and wouldn’t return to their bedroom until Phil came back.
- - - -
Tony should have known by now that the more ridiculous the situation was, the higher the chances there were for him to be wrong.
“We’ll have to get some chests and shelves to store all this,” Steve commented, rubbing his thumb against Tony’s stomach. In front of them lay all the toys that Tony had bought, and even if they were perfectly organized, Tony couldn’t deny it would be better to store them somewhere. They might not use the guest bedroom, but Steve liked to keep it clean and tidy anyway.
“Oh, I see,” Clint said, hands fidgeting nervously, “maybe we can watch a movie while he sleeps, I’ll be quiet,” he promised, an expression on his face indicating how much he wanted Steve to agree. “Phil’s not here, and I-I’m feeling little,” he confessed with a tiny voice, an ashamed blush sweeping up his face. Steve pursed his lips.
Wow, I did it, three updates in a row without taking months. I'm proud of myself XD.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I want more," Clint asked, handing him the now empty plate. Steve huffed in amusement, Clint’s had ketchup stains all around his mouth and front part of his t-shirt. How did he always managed to get that dirty when he ate? Steve had no idea.
“There you go, keep it up,” Steve said when he saw Tony settling down, allowing himself to smile a little. “I mean it Tony, I’m Ok with his, I even would like to help,” he continued once he thought Tony was completely settled down. “Let me help you.” But that last sentence just unsettled him again.
“Oh, but honey, that’s for big boys, sweet little babies like you drink from bottles,” Steve explained as he rubbed his thumb against Tony’s tummy.
“No,” Tony whined as he rolled to his side, his back turned to Steve.
Too bad his mind was going to play tricks on him once more, and now, every time Steve remembered what had happened that night, it would be Tony and not Clint the one who snuggled on his lap.
“I don’t wanna wear diapers,” Clint insisted, refusing to hold the hand Steve was offering.
They had been age-playing for a while now, but Tony wasn’t comfortable with it yet. On the one hand, he did enjoy some things, he wasn’t going to deny that – although that didn’t mean he was going to shout it from the roof tops either. On the other hand, there were some other things Tony loathed, things that got into his nerves in a way nothing had ever done.
Clint’s presence didn’t bother him as much as he had thought. Tony would probably avoid him for the next couple of days, after all, wearing a diaper in front of him was embarrassing, but not as embarrassing as it would have been if Clint hadn’t been wearing – and using – one too. However, what did bother Tony was the fact that he was still there.
“No, that,” Tony insisted.
"You can take this stupid speech of yours and shove it up your ass Rogers. I don’t believe you. I haven't been able to figure out what exactly you'd get from all this, but I'm sure as hell you won't. If you keep this fucking charade, I'll fucking kick your ass," Tony snapped, glaring at Steve as he got rid of his grip violently.
He had felt how his bladder had been practically crying out for release before losing control of it, however, standing up and going to the bathroom hadn’t seemed to be a priority until it had been too late. He had understood why Phil had refused to leave him alone – and he had been sure it would’ve been worse if Phil actually had – nonetheless, Tony had insisted on kicking him out and running away from him when given the opportunity. He had been able to see how clumsy his movements became and how there had been some things that had proved difficult for him to perform because of that; even so, he had rejected Phil’s help emphatically.
“With your being so insufferable mother hen, I think you’d be a mommy, not a daddy,” Tony corrected, sounding serious even if his expression was a mocking one. There wasn't any hint that told Steve the word had been taken in a bad way, though it hadn’t been taken seriously either. Not really a reaction in the truest sense of the world, but Steve could deal with that for now.
“I don’t throw tantrums,” Tony interrupted him, and he really didn’t mean to pout.
Tony lifted Raawry so he could hug it to his chest, suddenly overwhelmed by how badly he felt like crying.
“I’m sleepy,” Clint complained when they stepped out of the elevator. Phil rubbed his thumbs against the back of his hand in sympathy, but he didn’t stop nor turned around.
“Why?” Steve questioned again, as he wondered if Tony realized how childish he acted whenever he got mad.
“You can’t possibly be sleepy now, I think someone’s just pretending to be sleepy because he wants more cuddles from daddy,” Steve accused with an amused tone of voice as he tickled Tony’s ribs slightly. Tony squirmed a little and then Steve heard one of the most heartwarming sound he had ever heard: Tony's giggle. Not a laugh, but an actual giggle.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t wanna!” Clint kept refusing, making Phil take a very deep breath.
“Your nose’s going to grow if you lie,” Steve commented as he poked it.
Steve’s heart skipped a beat at that. He already suspected Tony hung out in the nursery when he wasn’t around, though the fact that Tony was there right now, after the incident at SHIELD hospital wing, was a proof that there was something amiss.
"No," Tony said with a tiny voice when Steve turned around and began to walk back to the living room.
“Well young man, I wouldn’t have to do it if you took better care of yourself,” Steve alleged, reaching out for Tony’s wrist. The latter shrieked when Steve grabbed him and pulled him towards him, making him fall on his lap.
“Take it easy, baby,” Steve soothed.
So, if Steve stumbled on a toy when he went into the nursery, or if he saw a book out of its shelf, or a stuffed animal abandoned under some furniture, well, it shouldn’t have been such a big deal; although some of those misplaced objects weren’t the ones the toddler usually played with, he could easily be the one to blame for that. Steve would just pick it up, put it away, and forget about it.
Steve made shushing sounds while he got off the bed as carefully as he could, the less the mattress moved the higher the chances of Tony not waking up would be. He was a light sleeper, and after all the sleepless nights he had had, the least Steve wanted was waking him up. Tony stirred a little when Steve covered him up with a sheet, but his eyes never cracked open.
“I don’t snore!” Tony alleged, eyebrows furrowing together.
“So, if you don’t get what you want from me, you’ll go to them? Is that why you’ve been spending more time with Clint?” Tony accused, glaring at him.
“I…” Tony trailed off, glad because Steve didn’t look away, but looking down not being able to stand Steve’s eyes on him. “I… I w-want…” Tony hugged himself, stepping back a little, not knowing what to say.
- - - -
“I don’t know,” Steve doubted.
Tony never considered of the tiniest possibility that Steve wouldn’t even show up.
“I don’t feel like talking right now,” Tony informed, turning around and moving towards the elevator.
"What else is new?" They remained quiet as she made the tea and poured a generous helping of whiskey into both mugs. Handing one to Clint, she motioned with her head to the little seating area opposite her bed.
Clint let his head drop onto his arms and Thor pat his back with a smile, "We are so screwed." His voice was muffled slightly by his shirt.
"You do too! Now, let me speak, you overgrown Keebler idiot!"
Tony tightened around him, urging him to move. "I love you," he breathed into Tony's ear, drawing his body back just a little and rocking forward, the blanket shifting on the back of his body. "I love you so much."
He chuckled, "Don't we all?" Picking up a folder from the pile on his desk, Fury paused. "I'd like to see you stick with an act for more than a year."
to see you last longer than twelve months."
But that honestly never bothered him. It should have, he knew. It was a bit bizarre, wasn't it? He had fallen into the ice 25 years before Tony was even born. Technically, he was in his nineties. Physically, he was still young.
"Exactly. That's what people who love each other do."
Rhodey was beaming as he clasped Tony on his back. "You good, bro?"
Sitting alone in the kitchen. With no one to talk to. Only toast and coffee to eat. In a completely new and unfamiliar century.
"Not sure. How much did I drink last night?"
"Technology far too advanced for someone from the sixties."
"The Allspeak makes nicknames difficult, but I promise to try."
"So I saw."
saying, you have nothing to worry about." Howard saw a slight tuft of brown hair in between the blankets and Steve's body as she slinked to the edge of the bed and slid to the floor. A tuft of hair and, whoa. That was a perfect ass.
Thor's eyebrows raised, "He is out. But I believe he will return shortly. Have you finally figured it out?"
"What bet?" Steve sighed, not understanding the joke and tugging the sock on the rest of the way. Letting his feet rest on the floor, his hands dangling over his knees, he shook his head, dismissing the thought. Natasha and the others, particularly with Clint, had some weird jokes. Bets on what Steve would or wouldn't do notwithstanding. "I don't know," he said honestly instead, moving the topic back to where it belonged, "you know Tony. He doesn't like to show his hand."
"You two seem to have a really good relationship."
"Your big- You're ridiculous, do you know that?" He rubbed his arm. "That's gonna bruise!"
The moonlight fluttered through the curtains and Steve took a moment to just gaze at Tony. With his eyes closed and his body so curled up on Steve's chest, he looked absolutely innocent. Steve, of course, knew better.
"Is that so?" Steve's hands instinctively went to the sides of Tony's thighs, his fingers curving around his bottom.
Howard. The crazy lunatic who flew into war zones and smoked expensive cigars, who made jokes at inappropriate times, and just wanted to do the right thing while also having a grand adventure.
to have that effect on people.)
Almost there, Steve kept running, but he was still half a block from Tony. It was all he could do to keep running. The panic welling up inside him, freezing his thought process on just Tony. Only Tony. His vision narrowed, he felt his chest tighten, his eyes on the injured and crouched figure staring up in fear, eyes wide. Exhausted. Terrified. Steve couldn't think. Couldn't act. All he could do was run, his heart beating fast in an attempt to save the one person he loved more than anything else in the world, but he couldn't act. He only run.
"Solid or chopped?"
"Been colder." Steve mumbled, picking up the computer and snapping it closed. "Besides, I wr-do better work when I'm outside and alone."
"Just speaking his language," he cheeked over his shoulder as he turned to the kitchen, "I'll get the menus." Howard sat again, his arms crossed petulantly.
Bruce held out the drain cleaner, chuckling as Clint
"You talk really loud when you're on the phone! I'm surprised all of Manhattan doesn't know he's on his way!"
But Tony still got sick.
I love him. This me, right now. This Howard loves him. They say there's no explanation for a parent's love, and I swore off children years ago, but I swear to you Steve, if he were to be born tomorrow for me, in 1961, I would love him fiercely.
Some times - and she'd never admit it to anyone - she put on her favorite sparkly dress, did her hair and makeup, threw on a pair of stilettos, and rode the train with them. Sitting with the girls and talking, laughing, and bonding with a group of drunk people she'd never see again. There really was no one more supportive than inebriated women after a good night out.
Howard snorted, "Yeah, that much I know!"
. Jesus fuck. He was at least fifty years into the future. Turning, he glanced out the large windows behind the couch. There was a lengthy landing pad, judging from the markings on the paved surface and bizarre shaped plane sitting there, and beyond that, a vast and intimidating skyline. Where the fuck was he?
"Steven!"
"DNA results from a scotch glass she nabbed from Howard. Sorry to wake you, by the way," Bruce continued, "didn't realize the time."
"How did you get here?" Bruce asks, holding Tony at arms length to look him over, just to make sure.
There was applause and cheering as he left the stage, shaking hands with the board members and the VIP guests at the stairs, cameras flashing and journalists jotting notes quickly to make their deadlines. It was a whirl in the very best way.
Tony's whole body tensed in pleasure, and as Steve glanced up, his eyes snapped closed. With a grin, Steve went back to it, pressing his tongue against Tony's opening and licking up to his balls before trailing back down. He closed his mouth over the puckered circle and lightly sucked. Above him, Tony's hands clamped to the back of the chair, his head tilted back as he struggled to keep his legs from closing around Steve's shoulders, forcing himself to keep his knees apart, his ass open.
"I used the gun."
"God no, that was incredible."
"Confused, mostly. Did you speak with Howard?"
"Can I?"
"Look at that, we have."
"Sir, it is May 6th, 2008. It’s 67 degrees Fahrenheit, with an expected high of 73 degrees and a low of 61 degrees, here in Malibu, California. It's Tuesday, 7:13 in the morning. Last night, you fell asleep on the couch while listening to your new mentor, Philip Coulson. Which, might I add, is a startling revelation for me. Congratulations on your becoming an angel, though my condolences on your death."
"I know what that is." Howard said, but he was leaning forward, curious and fascinated.
Howard swallowed and looked down. "You're right." Steve hadn't been expecting to be agreed with. He stumbled back - all the confidence vanishing - letting his legs hit the couch, and sat, staring at Howard as he continued speaking. "But there's nothing we can do about that now. I'm here. Even if I disappeared this very second, you can't change that I came. And I'm sorry for that."
Smiling widely, Steve led him from the office, "It seems you're in luck. Your new boyfriend has a connection at this great optometrist office."
" High praise coming from him. "
Tony's face softened, "I love your art."
7 LIGHT-BULB
"Why's that?" asked Tony as Happy got into the driver's side.
She pursed her lips. "He should be in the hospital."
"We'd be lucky to have you, Stark," Clint says as he jogs to retrieve the arrow Tony shot. "Lord knows we need some competency with some of the shit we have to do. I trust the people, not the equipment. R&D here is a farce."
"What about dead fathers time traveling to the future?" Natasha asked in her usual unflappable way. Clint shot her an exasperated look,
"Kotenok,
The sight was enough. Just seeing how far he had stretched Tony's pretty hole, watching as he pulled in and out, the way Tony's rim fluttered when Steve was almost all of the way out, it was beautiful in ways he couldn't describe. It only took a few more thrusts before his body was seizing with pleasure and he was coming, legs jerking out straight as the intensity of the orgasm barreled through him, ropes of come shooting out and coating Tony's insides. He kept pumping, watching with thinly veiled fascination as his movements started to bring the come out, his cock covered in what he had just filled Tony with.
Standing proved more difficult than sitting up, apparently he was still a tad bit tipsy. Oh well, he'd done much more under a deeper influence of alcohol than clear his bladder. There were no sounds coming from the kitchen, so if he could just find the toilet and get back into bed, then he could sleep the rest of this off.
Clint's smile melted away and his mouth dropped. "Hey!"
"Just after 12:30, love. Coffee is brewing, you hungry?"
If anyone would like to see a sequel, what would you love to see in it?
Nodding, Natasha agreed. "Tony's wallet can handle it, but I'd like to not have to deal with a ticked off public." She spoke about him like he wasn't even there, and technically, he was not. The moaning man bent off of Steve's lap was just a pretty little whore.
"God,
He had sat in stunned silence for all of ten seconds until Tony's face went white and he had fled, and Howard had just enough time to stand and twist his fingers into his hair in panic before Natasha had entered carrying a brown bag (that had admittedly smelled delicious) and inundated him with questions about how he came upon the spellbook, where it might be today, did his research say
"I'm sorry! I panicked, okay?!"
Steve was grinning, the rage faded from his eyes, and he was looking at Tony with a deep affection that had the genius' heart pounding. "Tony's resilient. Nothing gets him down for long." And was that pride he heard in the soldier's voice?
It was the first of many mistakes concerning the entirety of this… Well. Debacle seemed the only fitting term. And he was still somewhat confused, but it was becoming clearer and clearer with each moment, each dive back into every minute of the previous two weeks.
of those
"Not you I'm worried about." He snorted.
"I was doing so well too."
"I assure you, Cap, I'm not. I swear." Turning to face Steve fully, Tony holds his hands up, "Don't forget who my father was. I grew up hearing about you. I idolized you."
"And it confused me. Because I'm supposed to hate him, not have some Oprah worthy reunion with him!" Huffing, Tony sat back in the chair, rubbing at his temples. "And Steve is just...ugh!"
"And no spray tan is going to fix that paleness." Bruce continued. "He's really sick, but we can't force him to see a doctor. Let's try changing his diet first."
. I knew, Jesus, I knew you were alive! I just had to know."
Knowing he needed to lighten the conversation before Tony's thoughts got too dark, Clint smirked, "Thousands, huh? Well, tell them they're doing a piss poor job of it." He shook out his cloth napkin in a grand flourish to send his point home, "I'll give you a diagnosis for free: you're a goddamn lunatic, and I love ya for it!"
"I don't know what that is," Steve said, aiming his tongue for that spot behind Tony's ear again.
"This is impressive."
But he still judged him a little, sometimes.
He should have known, but sixteen years was a long time, and Howard had forgotten just how stubborn Steve could be. "I told you, Steve, I needed to know. And I found a way. Don't you see? It worked!"
"Daddy needs to come bring his baby to bed."
"I don't even know you!"
"What about his left foot? That’s kinda useless, right? It's not like you use your left foot to drive."
Tony looked away first. Starting down at his shoes, his arms crossed protectively over his chest. "Don't...just don't, Mr. Stark."
"We all play to our strengths." She flipped another page, "Isn't this attractive?" She showed him a picture of himself, heavily Photoshopped to look thinner than he was. "I didn't know you moonlit as a skeleton."
Steve was striding across the room, a file in his hand, as Rhodey entered. "You know," he laughed softly as he caught sight of him, "you're supposed to wait until someone answers the door before walking in."
Fanfiction would handle the rest.
was okay because it was the start of a new life away from hiding, away from being scared.
In front of him, hanging from the ceiling is a sign with an arrow turning right. He reads,
He frowned, looking hurt, although she was fully aware he really wasn't. Clint was nothing if not a little self-aware. And there was no way he could be friends with her without being able to take a good jab at his ego. "I want a divorce!"
A lone tear slips down Steve's cheek. "That's what hurts the most. I did everything right, I did everything I could ever have thought of, and he still died."
was - had always been more fun than telling him to give it up. "As if! You're, like, so cool."
"The issue is that I've run the simulations, where he is might be deep. Really deep, and getting funding to explore could take years—"
"Rhodey," Tony started, but he trailed off, sighing deeply and looking up at him. "Fine."
In answer, Tony shrugged. He opened his mouth to speak, but a knock on the door stopped him. Another nurse entered.
"He is beautiful." Thor spoke softly, coming up to their left side. "Will you let him reach his climax?"
"Clint tends to run kinda hot, doesn't he? He could be your own personal space heater."
"Name?"
for this technology to be readily available for him, even if he had no clue what it did.
Tony moved back to face the lenses, sliding his chin onto the prop as he covered Steve's hand with his. "A-S-S...I...W--" Pausing, Tony squeezed Steve's hand and dragged it up, settling it on his quickly hardening cock. He squinted, mouthing the letters and making out the rest of the sentence, before sitting back enough to lightly thrust up into Steve's hand. "You're so polite, saying please." With his other hand, he returned his glasses to his face.
It was a ploy to distract Tony, Steve really didn't have much more information without speaking to Howard again, and he didn't want Tony to feel overwhelmed with the situation. The logical response? Obviously to get and keep him laughing.
"Come on," she said instead, walking back to the door, "I'll let it slide this time, in light of…well. In light of." It wasn't time yet to finish that thought. Clint was like her -- he'd want to only have to say it once. And if they wanted to forewarn Steve and Tony as well as Howard before Fury showed up, they needed to hurry into the living room.
about a return trip, did he know of any time constraints, and-
Tony traded glances with Steve, biting his lip before answering. "Jarvis is dead. Unfortunately. What we are talking to is an A.I. - Artificial Intelligence."
"We can work with that. Talk to Steve. He knows what you're feeling. He crashed a plane and woke up seventy years later."
"Is it?" Steve purred. He let his fingers trail along the waistband of the briefs, dipping into the front, and pulling them down until Tony's hard-on popped out. "Now that's pretty."
Tony grinned, "Oh, so now you're violent? But when Natasha cheated at Mario Kart and I threw the controller you said," he dipped his voice and spoke in his best -- worst -- Steve impersonation. "’Tony, violence is never the answer!’"
"Lot of good that does me now," Steve mumbled miserably.
He took a deep breath, "And you think it can help Tony to feel better about himself?"
Steve complied, pressing his fingers into it and rubbing back and forth. Tony gasped, his arms flailing out to grip the bed and his hips lifting, trying to hump himself on the digits, to get more of that amazing pressure on the gland.
"You know Tony wouldn't have been okay with that. And he would have caused issues. Because he's Tony, and that's what he does." Tapping her fingers on the table, Nat tilted her head. "So how much trouble are we in?"
Steve felt his stomach flip. That was an
"Right," Clint's eyes narrowed. "Nice save, Asshole."
He could feel four pairs of eyes follow him out, and he couldn't bring himself to care.
to happen.
"This is a technology free brunch, Nat!" Clint said with a cheeky grin, taking a sip of his Bloody Mary. They were in a cafe, eating Eggs Benedict and copious amounts of bacon and potatoes.
"What in God's name are you doing?"
They giggled at the nickname, the friendship between their 'boys' being what they loved the most, other than five good looking men with voices to melt ice. "How's the new album coming?"
replied: Nah, too messy.
"Don't think so. Just us," he answered, pushing Steve forward a bit to get to the sink and fill the carafe with water. The heat under his hand was tantalizing. Steve was so warm; he could only imagine curling up against him an a cold and snowy night, fresh coffee in one hand, Steve's face in the other as he kissed him...
Solutions and resolutions.
She nodded, jotting everything down in his chart. "I'm sorry to hear all this, we'll do what we can to make you feel better." Standing, she smiled warmly, "Just a few more minutes." And left.
"Good news. I was fucking myself when I figured out it was you, only a few hours ago. With both toys at once. So not much prep work."
"Will do, Stark." Fury shook his hand. "try and stay out of trouble for once?"
Tony winced slightly. Man, they all really were bad at normal human interaction, weren't they?
"Fine," Clint grumbled, picking up Steve's phone, "I'll find out myself."
Now she understood why other managers had up and quit on them. It wasn't because they were mean or egotistical or cruel; they weren't divas.
Steve helped him finish,
"You should." He took an exaggerated step away from Clint, holding the phone up his ear as it rang.
"Bruce," Steve was actually whining, "don't make me go in there."
Nat slid off her jacket and hung out on the hook by the door. "We should get the others. JARVIS? Can you-"
Steve allowed his lips to tug up just a little. "Are these those 'pesky feelings' Tony always complains about?"
With a smirk, Bruce picked up a set of tongs and lifted a piece of bacon out to him. "Forgive me?"
"This is Na-Na," he says in lieu of answering the unspoken question. He holds the blankie up. "I can't sleep without it."
"From what I saw. They won't hurt anyone ever again."
Together, they opened the doors and walked straight into a hustle of four nosy teammates, careening to find places to sit nonchalantly.
They returned, hours later, to the television on, the news covering the attack, and Tony barely awake and watching in the armchair. They cautiously greeted him, mostly undamaged save for a few bumps and bruises, and a long gash up Steve's arm.
way." He shot a glance to the back of the room, his eyes defiant. "They were so wrong. So incorrect that they had me cornered in their lies. Afraid of my own diagnosis.
"Spare a dollar?" he rasped, falling to his knees in front of Tony, begging.
about him that screamed
At a festival in the city, Steve makes a bet with Tony.
It was Howard's turn to clap him on the back. "Come on, I need to see your face as I tell my son what you just said."
They were led to a yellow, Victorian style couch in a corner, a white marbled coffee table placed directly in front of it. The GM smiled at them, holding out two menus. "Liz will be your waitress, she'll be around in a few. I recommend the Cream Sodas, particularly the orange creamsicle, or for espresso drinks, my personal favorite is the Autumn or the Solstice. Enjoy!" With a grin and wink obviously aimed at Tony, she turned and left.
"Guys?" he chokes out, his voice trembling with the jolts through his ribs. "Little help here?"
"Don't. I don't deserve your sympathy." He shook his head, like he was trying to jiggle the words loose. "I have no idea how I go from me now to...well, to someone who beats his own child. It's no wonder Steve hates me. Tony's his closest friend, right? They're so close. Of course he'd be mad."
"I was about that, I guess. Muscle mass."
replied: Think Steve ever walked in on Tony? What am I saying of course he did.
"Hey." Tony's voice was quiet, but he knew Steve could hear him.
"That's nice to hear. You know, this is great and all, but I think I need a little clarification—"
"I do not!"
. He's kind of like a robotic butler, but he does so much more." Talking about his creations always swelled up pride in him. "He runs the tower. Hell, he runs my life. JARVIS, say hi."
