It’s no small crowd gathered at the gates, with parents hugging and kissing their children goodbye, nudging them into the main building. Bucky pulls him along towards the front, Steve’s big, bulky body paving a path for them easily.
“Then you popped in right in the middle of class, and you just...” Steve’s shoulders start shaking as he chuckles. “You just started posing. You didn’t say a thing, and I... I think I was the only one in there confused about why you were suddenly just
“Because you’re my best friend. Because even when you drive me absolutely crazy, I’m still happiest when I’m with you. And I can’t think of anything worse than losin’ you.”
Steve looks like he’s going to argue, but then he sighs and nods, pulling away to pull out his phone. “Good idea. I’ll order Chinese?”
“Anything for you, princess,” Steve grins, and then, with a kiss blowed their way, he’s out the door.
In the soft, festive light from their Christmas tree, his eyes looks softer and brighter all at once, and Tony feels that familiar pang of fierce longing all over again. He looks down to hide his flushed cheeks, fiddling with a loose edge from the throw he just realizes he’s been covered with.
Steve lifts his cheek from Tony’s shoulder, and finally faces the small crowd around them. “What’s all this?” he asks, eyes moving over every corner of the room; at the string lights and the tinsel hanging from corner to corner, the exquisitely cut paper snowflakes dangling from the ceiling, and finally... the miniature Christmas tree atop the same chair he’d been sitting in last night.
“Bye, Tony,” Steve says softly, trying to keep his breath steady as Tony leaves with a wink over his shoulder, Rhodey following a second later with a friendly wave of his own.
“I asked him to go leave Tony with Pepper,” Steve replies. “But you can be damn well sure I’ll let him in on the plan. I don’t want Tony to worry, though…”
“Sure thing, Shellhead. We’re gonna do just fine,” Steve says, and as Tony finally lets sleep take him, he finds that he almost believes him.
"Save me a piece and I'll heat up some leftovers," Steve counters, already pulling away to walk towards the fridge, and as Tony makes himself busy setting the table, he sighs the sigh of the resigned.
Bucky rolls his eyes, but grins over his shoulder as he leaves the store. “I’ll do you one better, punk.”
“As if,” Bucky looks offended, even though his eyes are still soft and tender as he walks further into the room.
Tony’s the first one back at HQ, and he barely makes it through the debrief room doors before he spots Fury.
This time, Tony blames his sleep-addled brain for not noticing his cat's absence when he wakes up, until it's two in the afternoon and he hasn't heard a single sound around the apartment. He searches every room, then searches them again, until he hears a familiar, off-key voice crooning Perry Como-- all that exposure to Steve's appalling music is rubbing off on him, damn it, because Tony never would’ve recognized it before-- and when he peeks out the balcony--
“Steve’s the one who threw the ball,” Bucky counters, crossing his arms and looking for all the world like it’s
For a couple of seconds, there’s no response, but then Steve’s lips open almost imperceptibly, and the soft groan that leaves them has Tony sighing in relief. “
“Yeah I know, honey bear. It’s nice?” he asks, but Rhodey’s already back on the other side of the room, running the car up and down Barnes’ sides.
“Thank you,” is all he can say, voice rough and raspy over the lump in his throat, and he prays Steve hears everything he feels he can’t say yet.
“Don’t get used to it, it’s never been a habit,” Tony replies, when Steve comments on how nice it is to see him at the same time as everyone else. “I live to surprise.”
,” he almost yells, and feels Tony bristle. “I can’t... God, I can’t do this without you. Any of it.” His voice breaks, but he holds Tony’s gaze firmly. “I need you.”
“Well, that’s what happens when you avoid the kitchen all day,” Tony replies, holding out a plate as he settles down beside him.
“You’d never know, with abs like those,” Tony pokes Steve’s stomach. “You’re literally unfair, y’know.”
“Maybe I should leave then, since you’re bein’ mean,” Steve teases, grinning when Tony whines and locks his arms around Steve’s neck.
A few scribbles later, he walks back to the door, sticks the note so that it’s legible from the other side, and taps the glass hard.
“You already have me.” The words are out before Steve can stop them, and when Tony’s face turns the prettiest shade of pink, Steve revels in the warmth of being
“You betcha, sweet cheeks. Who else’s art am I gonna hang up on my top floor, CEO office wall huh? I don’t want anything shitty, no, no– I’m gonna have you
, should Tony’s body feel like it’s going haywire? Steve’s lips are soft and warm, and he smells like laundry and sun and freshly cut grass.
“Fuck you,” Tony hisses, and pushes Hammer off his desk with trembling hands. He sinks into his seat and stares at the empty whiteboard ahead, willing the burning in his eyes away. Dimly, he hears whispers and more laughter, but then they fade as the crowd dissipates. He takes a breath to compose himself, and squares his shoulders when he hears Howard’s cold, hard voice in his head:
“Fine, I’ll do it myself,” he nods, and hides a smile when Natasha sighs and takes his arm to help him leave the bed. The floor is only a little cold, and Tony spares a glance at his feet to find bright red fuzzy socks covering them. “Smart.”
Tony barely hears Steve’s voice over the sweeping melody coming from the television in front of them. It’s not loud, but it echoes slightly around the mostly empty living room. “Hmm?”
Tony feels laughter bubble up inside him, and catches Steve’s eye just as Barnes pulls out the first of the ornaments. “Steve... you
“You didn’t have to,” Steve says softly, and feels his heart skip a beat when Tony’s eyes move down to his lips.
Steve just grins, and leans over the little fence to pick up a tiny white ball of fluff. "What about Annie, here?”
Tony grins. The soft hair at Steve's nape feels delightful. "How 'bout this?" He kisses Steve's nose, grinning when Steve wrinkles it a second later.
Clint looks amused and offended all at once. “I’d rather watch ‘em. And you squirming the whole time.”
The words hit Tony like daggers, and he sobers up so quickly, it’s almost impressive. “Oh shit, shit, sorry, hey– Cap, breathe! Shit, fucking
“Mmmhmm,” Tony nods, and grins when their daughter pops back up again, her hair a riot of golden curls around her face. “You feeling better, aren’t cha?”
,” Tony moans, moving closer to bury his face in Steve’s neck. “I’m trying to be romantic, you’re ruining it.”
“You slept the day away, genius.” Steve’s voice is soft and happy, the way Tony always wants him to sound. “Slept through breakfast, Bruce’s BLTs for lunch, and Buck’s pizza casserole–”
“Yeah, Buck,” Steve’s smile is warm and fond, and there in their little piece of Christmas tree heaven, Tony doesn’t think either of them’s ever been happier.
Steve’s eyes find his at the action, grin is boyish and bright and everything he deserves to be. “I love you.”
“I knew I could count on you,” Steve smiles, pulling Tony this way and that as they begin swaying to the music. There’s more than one eye glancing their way– Pepper’s, too, and the rest of the gang’s– but neither of them pay them any mind.
“Sorry, hon,” he says, closing the space between them to give Steve’s chin a lazy peck. “Y’were saying…”
“Yeah, that's what you said. But what about the other days? Like the week it wouldn't stop raining and you were almost freezing your ass off--”
“What?” He smirks, sauntering up to where Steve’s sitting on a stool, skinny legs swinging high above the ground. “Now I know you’ve always been a looker.”
Tony looks utterly charmed, as he does every time he look at their daughter, and it makes Steve love him even more, even though it barely feels possible. “As you wish, Your Highness,” he says, and then both of them are chewing and licking the sweet orange juice from their lips.
“Good morning,” he says, maybe a little too eager, but just as expected, Tony doesn’t even spare him a glance. His eyes are barely open but he clearly knows where everything is by now, because he walks up to the counter his mug is sitting on, grabs the spoon in the sugar bowl, and dumps three spoonfuls into his coffee.
“Want some help?” is what comes out instead, and then Steve smiles and nods, and god, this was the best idea.
The alien-robot hybrids are as bad as everything they’ve been facing since HYDRA’s return. They run quick and hit hard, and Tony lets loose on them with a rage that he’s rarely ever felt. Rage at the damage that’s been done to his city, and the damage they’re going to force his team to go through. He feels a sick relief every time he blasts one, and relishes every moment after.
“You’re a menace, Rogers,” Tony says, wrapping an arm around the blond’s shoulder. “But wear it again next time, and I’ll get a Cap shirt. It’ll be a riot.”
(He never told Pepper that. But he knows he’s never had to, because now she spends at least half of every lunch they meet up for telling him how good he looks, and he spends the other half rolling his eyes and telling her to stop stating the obvious.)
“Let’s go, lover boy,” he says, and Steve feels his cheeks burn as Bucky lets out a heaving sigh before opening the door.
“For what?” Both of them turn to the workshop entrance at the new voice, and moments later, Steve is standing beside them with a friendly smile.
Neither of them say anything as Steve settles them both into the couch, pulling Tony close as they lie from end to end. He splays one hand on the small of Tony’s back, runs the other up and down his spine, and presses his lips against the other man’s temple.
“I owe my fella a good morning kiss,” Steve says, and leans down to press their mouths together before Tony can even think about complaining about morning breath.
Steve laughs again, and when Tony’s heart picks up speed again, he thinks he may not be such a cynic after all.
“Only for you,” Steve says, more than a little breathless, and when Tony remembers what Rhodey’d told him only minutes earlier, he suddenly feels something close to hope bubble up inside him.
It’s usually his favorite room, because even though it looks a lot like every other part of the Tower, the living room is everyone’s space. Most of the time, he can come down and find Bruce reading a book in the corner chair, or Sam and Bucky shouting at each other over Mario Kart. Sometimes, he comes in and finds Steve sketching close to the large, glass windows, and Tasha sprawled on the floor with a puzzle laid out in front of her.
The second time Steve sees his new neighbor, they introduce themselves in the hall between Steve’s door and Tony’s.
After a night of thinking of a good time to do it the next day— like hell he’s going to ask in front of his students, and he will scrap the whole thing before doing it in front of Barton and the others— Tony waits until school’s out.
Steve looks up from his fiddling hands at the warm, comfortingly familiar sound of Tony's voice, and feels his heart skip a beat when their eyes meet. He's on his feet a second later, feeling more nervous about him being there than he is about the conversation Mr. Coulson's currently having with his Ma on the other side of the door beside him.
“That’s good,” Steve says, “‘Cause it’d be kind of a shitty marriage if we didn’t.” Tony rolls his eyes even as he lets out a quiet laugh, and Steve feels his heart give a lurch at the possibility of a future filled with that sound.
He ends up playing half the album for the next hour, because even though Tony only requests one song, they get six more callers requesting the rest of them.
“Listen, please,” Steve cuts him off, and continues when Tony stays silent. “When I woke up, I... I had nothing. I was lost and— and afraid, and so angry, I’m surprised SHIELD let me go out there at all. And then the battle came and I just... jumped back in because what else did I have?”
, all five feet of bright blue eyes and flannel pajamas and rumpled hair, and suddenly Tony’s tiny, shriveled up heart feels like it’s breaking because his best friend is right here and
“You’re welcome,” Tony says. “I figure you’d, y’know… appreciate going back in time, if only for a day.”
“If you weren’t hooked up to an IV, I’d kick your ass,” says a familiar voice close to his feet, and a moment later, Natasha’s face comes into view.
“Are you okay?” He barely hears Steve ask him, then feels the couch he’s on dip a little as the blond sits back down next to him.
“Shit,” someone in the room mumbles, but Tony can barely register anything beyond the sudden chill in his bones.
“Kinky, honey bear. But no,” Tony smirks as he flops down on his chair and shamelessly turns his head this way and that, flaunting the marks sucked into his neck with obvious enthusiasm. He looks so thoroughly, filthily satisfied, Natasha almost feels like blushing. “You should see the other guy, though. I
“Not possible,” Tony says immediately, feet picking up pace as he follows Coulson down a crowded HQ hall.
“I missed ya,” Steve says, all smiles and dimpled cheeks, and Tony’s thinks he could cry from how much he loves this man. It washes over him, slow and warm, until every inch of his body feels like sunlight.
And now... He takes in the minuscule curve of Steve’s lips, the sweep of his long lashes, and feels love rush over him like a wave.
“The not so bad news,” Sharon replies, “is that you might have to stay overnight, depending on what the doctors say.”
Tony grins unabashedly at the pair, and then sneaks a glance at Steve from the corner of his eye; thick arms crossed over that deliciously muscled chest, lips pressed together tightly... but his eyes are dancing with unmistakable mirth, and Tony feels his heart give a pathetically happy little lurch before he turns his focus back to his friends.
Steve gives him another smile, and then proceeds to coo over Ellie as she licks kisses all over his neck. “Who’s a good girl, huh? You are, yeah, you are-- oh thank you for that!”
“No,” the angel says, shaking his head so fast he’s making Tony dizzy-- well, more dizzy than he already is. God, this is worse than his worst hangover. “My god, I’m so sorry, someone’s coming for help, don’t worry.”
“Lucky me,” Tony leers, and grins as the other man covers his flaming face. “Sorry, I kid-- well no, not really, because look at you. But my mouth has a habit of, y’know, running off on me, sometimes I just say things and I don’t always mean them. Ignore me.”
“No, ’m Steeb!” He pouts, and James’ loud cackles echo from the kitchen. From his perch beside Steve, little Tony stares at her in confusion, cuddling the Captain America plush in his arms closer to his chest.
“You can’t know that,” Tony shakes his head, almost cursing when a lone tear falls down his cheek and lands on his pillow because he suddenly wants so much, wants it more than he’s ever wanted anything in his life.
“Oh, sorry I’m not feeding your ego like everyone else,” Steve smirks. “Your head’s already big enough as it is.”
“You were my first,” Tony says without thinking, and then widens his eyes open when Steve’s breath hitches loudly. “First to tutor-- first
“Yeah, you could always just write that on the cupcakes,” the brunet smirks, and Steve breathes a sigh of both relief and aggravation.
His husband squares his shoulders, and gives him an exaggeratedly serious look. “I’m on it, Iron Man.”
Tony’s heart skips a beat against his chest, and breathes through the flush that blooms on his cheeks. All he can offer is a soft ‘
“An’ they hug you,” Bruce says softly, and Steve thinks his heart could break at the hints of uncertainty he hears.
“It might’ve been that time Steve was telling me all the dirt Romanoff has about Coulson’s frankly disturbing Captain America shrine—”
“You’re crazy,” Tony says, barely meeting Steve’s eyes. “And I can’t believe you let me stay here all this time.”
And like how much of a morning person he is, which Tony learns to appreciate early on, because every once in a while he gets to wake up to Steve’s voice coming in through the blessedly thin walls, as he sings one old-timey song after another. And as annoying as it should probably be to someone like Tony-- he prides himself on not waking up until
“I’m talkin’ about the paintball– aw jeez,” Steve rolls his eyes, and runs a finger behind his ears, sighing when drops of bright orange paint come clinging to it. “How’d that get back there?”
“What? I didn’t do anything,” Steve says, even as Tony feels those broad shoulders shaking with laughter.
Steve rolls his eyes fondly as he takes a seat primly beside Tony. “I know for a fact you were late too, Stark.”
“Don’t you think it’d be great to just get out of here for once, and take all the gang upstate? We can set everything up and relax and she can run around in the grass, under the warm sun; she can pet the ponies and maybe sit on one and they’re just
“Anything for you, Cap,” he says, and when he feels Steve smile into his chest, he tightens his hold just a little bit more.
Even after the kiss ends, Tony can still taste the sweet curve of Steve's lips. "Now..." he says, more than a little breathlessly, "slide that cake over, would ya?"
,” Steve says, grinning like he’s having the time in his life, and Tony doesn’t think he’s ever seen anything more beautiful.
“Does everything have to be sexy?” Steve asks, but he can’t stop blushing, and Tony’s eyes really are so much more beautiful when he’s smiling, all bright and crinkled at the corners.
“No, stop. Like I said-- least I could do,” Tony nods. “And now that you’re here, I’m a lot happier I stayed.”
“Well, we obviously don’t want them to lose, honey bear,” Tony replies. “Especially not against, uh… who are they playing?” he whispers to Natasha.
Tony scoffs. “Good luck saying that to Cap’s puppy eyes,” is all he says, and Bucky takes a moment to curse said eyes before trudging over and plopping the milk gallon on the counter with a sigh.
“It’s when two people who like each other go out for dinner a couple of times, and get to know each other better.”
-- you j-jerk, I’m-- I’m gonna kill you,” he gasps, but can barely get the words out through his laughter, and Natasha knows Steve is pretending he didn’t hear the genius’ warning.
“Time to take your kid back,” Clint tells them, holding a wriggling Remy with his outstretched hand.
Rhodey bumps his shoulders. “You kidding me? No way I’d miss you seeing Steve Rogers play football for the first time.”
The silence that follows isn’t uncomfortable, but it feels charged with something nonetheless, something like trepidation. Or maybe anticipation. Steve presses a kiss to Tony’s temple, and soothes his thumb over his hipbone as he waits it out.
Like how Steve will live and die hating the Mets, and how he bakes cupcakes for his friend Bucky’s fire station every Sunday morning. Like how he’s an avid
“You’d better,” Tony dusts an imaginary fleck of dust off Steve’s uniform. “‘Cause I’ll kill you myself if you don’t.”
in front of him, almost looming over him with those shoulders, those eyes that Tony’s dreamt about so much.
His daughter nods, huddling into his side with ease as her tiny hands fiddle with his pajama shirt. “Daddy?”
And when the movie’s over, when the team whispers their goodnights as they go back to their suites, Natasha takes the throw from her couch and settles it on top of her boys. She walks toward the elevator but doesn’t press the button because she knows Steve’s still awake, and some little part of her just wants to see more of their interactions.
In the silence of the workshop, Steve’s soft voice easily carries across the space between them, but Tony doesn’t look away from the floating numbers in front of him. “Do I?” He asks, even though he already knows the answer.
Tony’s half asleep when he hears the words from the man beside him, feels their warmth against his cheek, but it takes a second to process them.
Steve’s lips are barely quirked up at both ends, but his eyes are the most earnest things Tony’s ever seen, both guarded and curious as they hold his gaze. He knows he’s being ‘examined’, for lack of a better term, measured up to standards he suddenly finds himself afraid he won’t meet. But just as he’s about to pull away– in every damn way he knows– Steve’s face softens, and he nods, pulling out a worn, early generation StarkPhone. “Okay,” he says shyly.
,” she says, just as James enters the room with a grin on his face, and a plate piled with brightly decorated--
“Like… this,” Tony lifts his hand until his fingers almost touch the painting. “There’s so much here, but I can’t– I can’t look away.”
“Crisis averted, Captain,” Tony gives a jaunty salute, only to fall quiet a second later. “I, uh-- I did something like this once. I remember.”
“You guys are doing a really good job keepin’ this a secret,” he tells everyone during an afternoon at Steve’s art studio.
“He does, doesn’t he?” Steve asks, feeling his lips curl up into a soft smile when he remembers the bright sounds of laughter filling the room not two days ago, as Tony corralled their team into the living room after an afternoon out of the Tower. They’d been wild with energy and almost unbearably loud, but the rest of the day had left Steve feeling joyful and relaxed, contentment settling in his stomach like a warm blanket.
“Maybe when you’re a little less dead,” she replies, and gives Tony a wink as she leaves them alone.
Tony rolls his eyes. “I should have known—” he begins, but stops when Red suddenly lifts her head, eyes moving to a spot beyond his shoulder, and before he can say another word, the room goes bright as a door opens behind him. The slow, measured steps echo loudly in the warehouse as the Captain— at least Tony assumes it’s him, because Red actually smirks— makes his way to where they are and oh god, Tony feels the fear coming back.
think so,” Tony rolls his eyes, and then yelps when Steve all but pulls him into his lap. “Hey! Let me go, you– you
Steve breathes out a laugh, but wraps his arms around the brunet. It pushes them even closer together, and Tony lets out a soft groan, grinding his hips slightly against Steve’s. “Go for it,” Steve says.
“It’s not just Steve,” she corrects him. “He’s a great guy, yes, and he deserves every bit of happiness. But today... this is all you, Tony. You and these little ones,” she reaches down to bop Barnes’ stomach, smiling affectionately when the boy giggles and swats at her hand playfully. “You’re so good with them… Just like I always knew you’d be.”
“You’re a fucking asshole,” Tony grumbles, stuffing his hands in his coat pockets as he follows the other boy into a crowded row of bleachers. “I shoulda just come here by myself.”
Which is good, Tony thinks, because he barely has time to look at anything besides the tiny crowd following Steve at every turn. With Natasha settled comfortably in his arms– it didn’t take long for her to get tired, which resulted in all that bright red hair tucked under his chin– he takes to walking behind them, leaving the decision to their eager, determined little minds.
“The, uh… the walls are sort of thin? And I’d never eavesdrop, but it’s pretty easy to hear you two talking all the time.”
“Wait outside, will ya?” Tony shoos him out, and then they’re alone again. “My best friend says I’m shameless,” he says, rising from the wheelchair to stand in front of him.
“At least we’re both here,” Steve says, a happy smile lighting up his face, and Tony feels a familiar warmth rush through him.
Tony hums, and bites his lip against a smirk. “Does my sexy lumberjack want to pick his own tree? Hmmm?”
“-- but if you’re reading it the same as me, I hope not,” he says, and Tony wants to kiss him right then and there.
“You’re so gone, it’s not even funny,” Clint crows, but when Steve grins at him after taking a bite, all dimpled cheeks and pastrami hanging from the corner of his mouth, Tony’s pretty sure he might not even mind.
“Nothing. I just remember about something I ordered, for Baby’s First Christmas, and all,” he grins, and pulls out the onesie from behind his back. “Ta-da!”
“Not sure I could,” the blond says, looking up at him through long, blond eyelashes, and Tony’s heart skips a traitorous beat. “Steve Rogers, at your service,” the man holds out his hand.
“Yes, you are,” Pepper informs him. “Principal Fury talked about it at the staff meeting like, two weeks ago—”
Tony’s helpless against the laughter that takes over, shoulders heaving into the safe, familiar hold around him. “
“Whatever you say,” Tony coos, patting his cheek before pulling back. “So, Mr. Man-With-A-Plan, think you can find some space under there for these babies?”
“Well, they probably have better things to do, huh?” Tony grins at the blond’s blush. Up close, he can see every sun-kissed Irish freckle dotting Steve’s cheeks and nose, every shade of blue in those eyes he’s been in love with for years.
And when the final notes end, Tony stands there in the middle of all his creations, grinning and panting like a lunatic. “That felt good,” he sighs.
“Yep,” Tony pops the ‘p’, “Just, y’know, in case you wanna help me pick the best spot to hang it up in.”
-- wanna tell me what I’m a sucker for? Y’know, other than the obvious,” he says, and then it’s Steve’s turn to suck in a breath when Tony’s hand slips in between them, palming Steve’s cock through his sweatpants.
“How ‘bout I kiss ‘em and make ‘em better?” Steve asks him, and in lieu of nodding, Tony reaches up and does it for him-- it’s slow and deep and everything this moment feels like-- and feels a thrill of happiness when Steve reciprocates almost immediately, those thick, familiar arms wrapped snugly around his waist.
Steve obeys with a sigh, arms quickly finding their place around his middle again. “Just a m-minute, alright? Then w-we’ll get back to w-work.”
Because a month passes, and then another, and Steve’s life quickly becomes a whirlwind of morning chats in his kitchen and late night talks in Tony’s. He meets Pepper and Natasha and Rhodey for a Saturday night dinner, and then brings Bucky, Clint and Sam over to meet Tony for brunch on Sunday.
“That was three months ago,” Pepper replies fondly. “You got me the entire Jimmy Choo spring collection.”
“Oh. I… I remember this…” Steve whispers, and by the time Tony registers the playful gleam in those baby blues, he’s helpless to escape.
“Uncle Clint’s just jealous, huh?” he teases, only to catch the mischievous gleam that enters Barton’s eyes.
“What am I gonna do with you, huh?” Steve mumbles, but his smile is fond as he steps into the kitchen.
The plastic tupperware in his hand feels unusually heavy as he carries with him through the school halls the next morning, and it’s almost a relief when he spots Tony leaning against his locker, chuckling at something on his phone. Steve squares his shoulders, takes a breath, and makes his way up to him.
Tony looks up from his textbook just in time to avoid slamming into a massive, baby blue chest, and he’s on the verge of a biting remark, annoyed at having his thought process interrupted, except he meets a pair of gorgeous blue eyes and--
“I know it’s not…” Steve’s eyes fall to Tony’s chin, and he fiddles with corner edge of the throw covering them both. “It’s not what you’re used to–”
“Don’t apologize,” Tony shakes his head, tugging at Steve’s hands with one hand to pull him closer as he uses the other to deftly rid himself of the top half of his armor. The cold hits him like a blow, even through the sleek, black undersuit, but he ignores it in favor of wrapping his arms around his best friend’s waist. “Just hold on.”
“You don’t have to,” Steve replies. “There’s... well, I can’t think of anywhere else I’d rather be.” In the warm glow of the sunset in the distance, his blue eyes are softer and brighter than ever, and Tony feels his heart skip a beat.
“Merry Christmas, darling,” Tony feels Steve mumble into his hair, and he leans back for a short kiss before pulling climbing out of the mountain of covers and reaching over to pull their daughter out of her crib and down between them.
“I never get tired of hearin’ that, y’know,” Steve says softly, as earnest as he always seems to be when it comes to Tony.
But Steve barely moves, still staring at Tony with those wide, ocean blue eyes. There’s a blush blooming high on his cheeks, and the more Tony looks at him, the farther down it moves. “
,” Tony answers, watching with baited breath as Steve slides the band onto his finger. “Shit, is that–”
“Oh–” Steve’s eyes grow wide, “no, I– sorry, I meant– yours, I meant yours, I don’t… know why I, uh–“
Tony breathes in, and breathes out. “His name is Steve Rogers, he's an art teacher and his class is right next to mine. And don't bother running a background check, I did it as soon as we met. But... god, I’m gonna need you to hear me out, ‘kay Pep? Just— just don’t say anything until I’m done.”
Tony takes it, and tries to ignore its warmth. “Tony. Stark,” he says, and points to the little ball of fluff trying to climb atop the retriever. “And that’s Ellie.”
“That’s great!” The blond says, and even though it seemed impossible before, his smile grows even brighter. “Here, let me just–” he gently sets the puppies down, and in moments, he’s out of the pen and standing in front of them. “Steve Rogers, at your service.”
Tony rolls his eyes, but he's at the door in seconds. A girl giggles behind him, but she’s not the one passing notes with Hottie McHottie, so, really.
Well, except for the fading flush in his cheeks and the unruly tousle of hair on the back of his head. Natasha’s fingers itch to smooth it back into place.
Tony gives himself a moment to blink back the slight burning in his eyes, and then gives the blond the most genuine smile he can muster. “No need to lay it on so thick, Captain. I’m already buying it.”
Steve’s laugh is warm against Tony’s lips. “Stop talkin’ nonsense, mister. You’re stuck with me too.”
Sitting primly on Steve’s balcony once more, smug as the day Pepper brought him into his home. Little brat.
Over the steady patter of the rain on the roof and the booming thunder still in the distance, Tony hears a loud, clear voice seconds before a soaking golden retriever comes bounding into the gazebo, splashing water all around as it shakes its fur dry. Ellie yips from his arms, wriggling down a second later to circle the new dog, and Tony jumps up to go after her just as a man runs in to join them.
“Why are you doing this?” Steve asks, but he doesn’t look or sound pissed anymore, and Tony’s so relieved, he can’t hold back anymore.
Peter sighs, but when he pulls away, there’s a tiny smile on his face again, and Tony knows he’s going to be okay.
“It’s the injection,” Tony mumbles into the blond’s jaw. It’s still warm, and he presses his lips to it before he can stop himself.
Hours later, the doubt is still there-- it’ll always be there when it comes to Steve-- but Tony’s surprised at how little he can feel it.
“Like that, you would,” Tony teases, and then Steve whispers something she can’t make out, but Tony lets out a laugh that lasts and lasts, until it fades into a quiet hum as the living room dims. Clint’s loud and off-key rendition of the theme gets jeers from Bucky and Rhodey as they throw popcorn his way, and Natasha can see how Thor’s booming laughter makes Bruce smile into his tea.
Finally, though, they reach the gates, and that’s when Steve spots a little girl-- her bright, red hair styled in two neat plaits over her shoulders-- standing next to an old, suit-clad man, holding his hand as she looks around. He knows who she is almost instantly, and even if he hadn’t, Bucky’s excited little
“Sounded like you might not... I thought I might have to talk some sense into ya, is all,” he finishes with a easy grin.
He settles for sitting at the edge of the bed and straightening the blankets around Steve’s body tersely. “Barton’s nose and arm are broken when he stopped Barnes from going after you, because God fucking forbid we lose him out there too--”
“Now that I think about it,” Tony shoots back, a wickedly familiar gleam of humor animating his own eyes, “the cake we got
There’s a silence he wants to both break and prolong, but he doesn’t waste time in walking up to the blond. "If I see a drop of blood anywhere on you," he says, "I'll kick your ass."
Steve’s finger tighten around Tony’s. “You sure, sweetheart? Because there is absolutely nothing wrong with wanting a couple of minutes with...”
Looking up from the veritable mountain of paperwork on her desk, Pepper’s lips curl up fondly at Tony’s words, and at the tinge of desperation that’s evident even through the speaker she’s hearing him from. “You always do,” she jokes, her smile growing at the laughter it prompts.
“This, uh, this is the first time it hasn’t felt like a, uh, nightmare,” he admits, and almost smiles as Steve’s frame sags almost imperceptibly with relief.
For now, though, he stood across the kitchen island from Phil Coulson, who was chopping up bell peppers for a salad and making conversation about the latest advances in medical technology. While Agent’s mind wasn’t quite genius-level like Tony or Bruce, Tony had discovered that in addition to his awesome dry wit, the guy had a delightfully eclectic set of interests that made for consistently interesting discussion.
Tony had always listened better to words than to actions, and Steve’s hold on his own instincts was razor-thin and fraying by the second. When he finally made the conscious decision to let go, to show Tony instead of telling him, he had the submissive hoisted up and into his arms in seconds. Steve was very nearly out of control; he barely remembered to get a hand up and behind Tony’s head before they collided with the nearest wall. He kissed Tony the way he had never let himself before, with everything that was wild and desperate and almost frightening about how much he loved this man pressed into it, not hidden away and carefully doled out in more manageable portions. It was Dominance, yes, but it was the kind of Dominant headspace Steve rarely let himself reach because it took him over, broke him down into a base set of needs—to pleasure, to care, to protect—that pushed everything else out of his mind. Tony whimpered and Steve tried to wrench their mouths apart, to ensure that he hadn’t gone too far, too fast. Tony put two hands in his hair and pulled.
“I ran out yesterday,” she confessed. “I’ll order more, I just haven’t gotten around to it yet. Tony, you don’t have to—why am I still talking, you’ve definitely ordered it. When should I expect it to arrive?”
Even compared to everyone else in the present, Tony had always felt almost untouchably ahead of Steve. He’d always had a foot in the future, had struggled to slow down enough to truly be in the present even when he wanted to. Hell, the basis of half their scenes had involved Steve and the rest of the team trying to keep Tony grounded for even a few hours at a time. Steve had never expected to encounter a version of Tony who felt ignorant about
So let us take, for instance, MCU Tony’s high degree of responsiveness in D/s situations. Nearly every member of the team have remarked on this, so they seem to find it to be an attribute unique to this Tony. And yet perhaps this is how D/s universe Tony may have behaved if he hadn’t been poisoned against submission (and really, all orientation) from a young age. So is this ultimately a similarity or a distinction between them? It’s nearly impossible to say at this point.
He’d spoken to Pepper on the phone once before going through with the Time Heist. He’d reminded her that he owed the team nothing, that he and everyone else could end up losing more than they already had if something went wrong. He muttered about buying a farm, maybe some alpacas; he knew better than to include Pepper in that vision by now, but it was the only future he’d ever imagined for himself, so he clung to its remnants even without the image of her there beside him.
“I think you’re wrong. I think there’s no one who’s known you, really known you, and not benefited from it. But until you’re ready to face that, yes, Tony, I’ll keep your secret. And I’ll keep him as safe as I can manage until you’re ready to do it yourself.” She paused, her expression turning both guilty and desperate like she knew she should stop speaking but couldn’t quite force herself to do so. (It was a struggle Tony knew well.) “Just…this isn’t a condition. I’ll watch out for Peter no matter what, but can you just—stop hiding from us? Please? You don’t have to talk, or focus on the orientation stuff, or do anything you don’t want to do, but please just…no more hiding.”
“What the—have you been here the whole time?” With all the grace she hadn’t been able to muster just seconds before, Natasha stood in a single fluid motion, surveying him slowly. He could imagine everything her keen, overtrained gaze would pick up on (hasn’t showered, barely eaten, red-rimmed eyes, intermittent tremors in the left hand), and it made him want to retreat back to where he’d come from. “Stop it.” (He hoped it sounded like a demand; in truth, it was a plea.)
“The Asante people of Ghana.” He waited for some indication as to whether he was right or wrong, but the girl’s face betrayed absolutely nothing.
The room was silent for a long time, as Tony had expected it would be. Then the woman he vaguely recognized as Pepper’s assistant raised her hand.
“Option two is a combination of punishment and reward. It skirts right along the edge of what I’ll allow during a check-in, but, well, these are unique circumstances. Have you ever been milked before?” Unable to bother being embarrassed about his lack of experience when he felt like he might actually die from arousal, Tony shook his head. “It is a massage, typically internal, of the prostate. It is pleasurable for the recipient, intensely so. However, if the person delivering the massage is knowledgeable and experienced enough, both of which I am, it can result in ejaculation without the full release of an orgasm. This form of milking is often used as a punishment in our communities, because it ensures the continued health of the testicles and seminal vesicles while withholding the full pleasure of an orgasm from the submissive.”
“Beautiful,” he murmured. “Mine.” Tony muttered frantic agreement, sighing in relief as Phil resumed his previous position on the bed. “Go ahead, sweetheart. Show off a little for me a little now, hmm? Make me feel good.”
There's also a brief and hand-wavy representation of forest fires and their management. I have family in this industry so I know how much more complicated the scene I'm describing would be in real life, but for the sake of time and words we get a pretty simplistic representation here.
The next room (because the escape ‘room’ was less a room and more the entire floor, apparently) turned out to play to Clint’s strengths. They were provided with a series of coordinates which they needed to sketch out on a map and then connect in the right order to spell out a code for a locked safe in the room.
As the third ball found a space next to its mates, Steve’s shoulders slumped. His body pitched forward, colliding with Phil’s with too much strength and too little control. Phil staggered under his weight, but quickly adjusted his bearing so that he could grip Steve around the shoulders in a fierce hug, the kind that would have left bruises were it not Captain America in his arms.
“I uh…I mean, I’m definitely not saying no. But I barely know some of you right now. I think I’d want to let things develops a little more first, then see where it goes from there.” Steve nodded, recording all of this on the team’s extensive shared contract. As he finished up, another window opened on the holographic screen; he opened it to find a copy of a handwritten document. It was Phil’s writing, but, according to the note at the top, Tony’s notes. Steve scanned them quickly. He was not all that surprised to find cropping and cockwarming tied for first place on Tony’s list of favourites; while highly responsive across the board, Tony did seem to find particular enjoyment in more extreme sensations, the kinds that took him over and refused to let his hyperactive mind wander. Seeing orgasm denial under his least-favourite was less expected, but he’d supplied an explanatory note. Tony hadn’t liked it, he said, when he’d thought Natasha was refusing to let him come as a punishment. He felt he’d be fine with it in other contexts, as something fun or playful. (Given how often Tony seemed to deny himself release except when given explicit direction or permission from the team, Steve privately agreed.) Under ‘most excited/interested to explore’ were two items: exhibitionism/display and humiliation. Potential scenes already swimming before his eyes, Steve slid the screen over to Rhodey, who grunted thoughtfully.
“I have Iron Man down on 38,” a confident voice declared through the comms system Taskmaster’s people were using, loud enough for Steve’s enhanced hearing to pick it up. He barely restrained a snicker.
“I know you do, sweetheart. One more day. Keep telling me the truth, keep letting me get the information I need to keep you safe and healthy, and it’ll only be one more day.”
It wasn’t the first time a member of the team had tried to appeal to Steve. In the last two hours alone Natasha, Thor, and Phil had all attempted to get him to leave Tony’s workshop. Natasha’s had, unsurprisingly, been the harshest approach; she’d reminded Steve in no uncertain terms that as the team’s leader, he had responsibilities beyond his own grief. Thor had, equally predictably, been the gentlest. He’d spoken of what it was to face the prospect of living for millennia, to know that not just individual people but entire civilizations could live and die in that time. Coulson had taken the middle ground, speaking not of himself but of Tony. Tony Stark, he’d reminded Steve, had been above all else a futurist, a man committed to looking forward and not back. He wouldn’t want Steve wasting away in the bowels of the Tower, unwilling to face the world.
“Yeah, actually. I mean we haven’t scened together so I can’t speak from a Dom’s perspective, but I don’t feel any less satisfied or reassured than I would if I were cuddled up with one of the others. Is that somethin’ you been worried about?” Tony shrugged, then petted Bucky’s hair in apology when the gesture jostled his head.
Other than the occasional escaped boomerang arrows and bursts of conversation, Tony’s presence faded into the background with shocking ease. It wasn’t that Peter ever forgot the other man was there. (Was such a thing even possible when it came to a personality as big and loud as Tony Stark’s?) It was more like the kind of not-uneasy quiet that could descend in a room when people understood one another well enough to not need to remain constantly aware of and engaged with one another. In a way, it was almost like being with Ned. Except where the two of them could fall back on all the comfort and familiarity of a long-held friendship, here Tony was allowing the shared language of science and dedication to the weird work of superheroing to achieve a similar effect. It was somehow both less and more than Peter had anticipated, and he was almost more at ease than he’d felt in a long time. Almost.
It turned out, however, that flying Tony and himself to a site only a few miles away from an active and intense forest fire was somehow a part of Thor’s date plans. (To be fair, customs might be different on Asgard, but it still seemed like a weird choice.) The heat, even from this far away, was unbelievable, and Tony was fitted with a breathing mask as a precaution the second they landed. Thor, as a demigod, apparently could be trusted when he assured the team of firefighters that he did not require it.
These nauseatingly happy thoughts managed to be absorbing enough that he was stepping inside the gates off Clayton Park before he even really realized his short walk there was over. Most of the team was already there (perhaps Tony was slightly late after all), gathered at a large table in the centre of the main courtyard. Tony allowed himself a moment to just drink in the sight of them. The majority of the team was wearing one of Thor’s most recent attempts at knitting. They were pretty good, mainly because Natasha kept sneaking in and fixing some of the more glaring flaws in the middle of the night. There was no altering the boldness of Thor’s design choices, though, like the neon green of the toque perched on top of Bucky’s head. Most of their hands were covered by some manner of gloves, but Tony felt confident that most of them were wearing the engagement rings he’d designed. They used a variation on the nanotech in his suit; this would allow those of them who needed to remove them frequently for work in the lab (Bruce) or on missions (pretty much everyone) to do so easily. The nanites also held a secret that wouldn’t be revealed until after they were married: a single orange stone, one each sitting in the centre of all of the rings. It was a quiet nod not only to the soul stone, but to the seven pieces of Tony’s own soul that would stand across from him on that day, making promises he’d never truly believed he would ever receive from anyone.
Steve could easily have broken down in the face of his best friends’ renewed confidence. As it was, he settled for a tight nod and tried to get the rest of what he needed to say out before he lost his nerve.
He made quick work of shoes and socks, then methodically stripped Steve of the rest of his clothes, piling all of them neatly on the bench in front of the bed. That was when he finally allowed himself to look at his Dominant, who was staring back at him with not a single trace of the exhaustion that had coloured his features just minutes before,
“Sorry, babe,”  Tony said, reaching around him to rip off a big chunk of hot pancake and shove it into his mouth.  “Too tired to eat,” he announced around his mouthful, wiping his fingers on his trousers.
She found Tony crying quietly, curled in a little ball, hiding his face in his hands, still reeking of sweat and cum.  Without a word other than—“JARVIS? Please cancel all my meetings for the day.”—Pepper stripped out her sumptuous suit, changed into one of Tony’s giant sleep shirts, and climbed into bed with him.
In the past 72 hours, my partner of 1.5 years and I broke up AND I heard through the (pretty reliable professional rumor mill) that I'm NOT a finalist for that job.  So, I'm feeling pretty low.  Kind words doubly appreciated at the moment.
“Here,” she said, holding out a tiny dagger in a black leather sheath. It was slim, delicate—you could pick a lock or pierce a man’s heart with it.
“Are you kidding?” Tony opened his mouth to answer, but Pepper held up a hand for silence and rushed on, “Yes, Tony, I
“I owe you an apology,” Tony said, “whether you need one or not. I shouldn’t have done that without your permission. It was wrong. It won’t happen again.”
“I wasn’t upset with you, Tony.  Or really even upset.  Not exactly.  I just . . .”  Steve bit his lip.  “It was just a lot to take in, I guess.”
“You all right?” Bruce asked wandering into the kitchen.  He put the kettle on the stove.  Steve nodded then gave a little shrug.  Bruce filled his favorite teapot with looseleaf tea then nodded at the laptop and asked, “Anything I can help with?”
Tony squinted at the notes for project Security Blanket. (Maybe he needed an hour to get ready too?)
“I’m right about everything—” Tony said with a smirk, more exhausted than mocking. “You’ll have to be more specific.”
When Tony Stark had asked him to move into Stark Tower, Steve hadn’t realized how hopeful it made him feel.  He’d had no idea how badly he’d hoped, almost expected, that moving in would suddenly mean belonging, mean home, mean something like the Howling Commandos again.. . .  not until the reality fell so painfully short.
“The snow makes your eyes so bright,” Steve whispers, and the awe in his voice is enough to send a flood of warmth up Tony’s cheeks.
Steve rolls his eyes even as Tony can see his cheeks grow even warmer. “You ready? I’ll stand still, if it helps.”
“You’re lucky I’m the most stubborn son of a bitch you’ll ever meet, otherwise we’d never get anywhere. Now
He’s charming and patient and funny with the kids-- which just makes him so much more attractive-- but it’s his eyes that Steve can’t stop thinking about afterward, dark and warm as they meet his own across the table. He thinks about them all through the night, and then the next day during work and after Bucky comes home.
"Wait, Pep, there's more. And then we start talking more outside of class, and in the teacher's lounge— we were like fucking kids at one of Fury's staff meetings, oh my god, and Steve's a sassy little fucker, you wouldn’t believe it. And Jesus, just wait till I show him to you, Pep, he is
“Remy, w-- oh,” Big, Blond and Beautiful stops when he sees Tony, and quirks his lips into a smile that makes his gorgeous blue eyes even more beautiful. “Um, hi.”
“I didn’t do it on purpose--” Steve starts, but then sighs when Tony looks up to glare at him. “Well, I didn’t do it on purpose the second time.”
It’d been a shock when Steve’d come down with a fever late the night before, and Tony can still feel the tendrils of panic at the memory of the first touch of his hand against his husband’s forehead. It’d taken only Bruce’s calm, confident reassurance that it wasn’t life-threatening to soothe him again.
“It’s just Christmas,” Tony tells him. There’s a faint, barely there ache in his chest when he thinks about Christmas at the ol’ Stark mansion, but then Steve’s smile softens into Tony’s favorite smile-- that tiny, happy curve of those lips that he’s wanted to kiss for years-- and Tony’s heart gives a familiar, pathetic little lurch.
But he’s enjoying this sort of anonymity more than he probably should, even though Tony doesn’t hold back on mocking Steve’s enthusiasm for big band records. He’s not bothered by anything Tony says, and there’s always something fond and playful in his voice when he talks to Steve.
“Oh my god, I’m leaving,” the woman throws her hands up helplessly. “I’ll get Happy to come by later, okay? I need to go make sure your company doesn’t take a dive like you did,” she tells Tony, before turning to Steve an holding out a hand. “Take care of him, Dr. Rogers.”
“Hiya back, gorgeous,” Tony drawls, lips quirking up into his most charming smile, and Blondie’s eyes-- big and blue and utterly perfect, holy shit-- widen as his blush grows warmer.
Tony peeks up to glare incredulously. “You’re the one--” he starts, only to yelp when Steve rolls him into the back of the couch.
!” Clint screams, popcorn garland immediately forgotten as he scrambles across the floor and swipes his purple Hawkeye look-alike. “Wilson, catch!”
“He already knew,” Steve says smugly. When it comes to Tony, god knows Steve will take any chance to do so. “Should I keep an eye out for all of ‘em, then?”
Tony throws his head back and laughs. “Oh my god, I’m just gonna shut you up now, okay?” he asks, leaning in until his lips brush Steve’s.
“So nice catching up, Brock,” is what he says instead, “we should do it again soon.” He throws them a peace sign as he walks away, and if his legs and fingers are shaking, he can only hope he’s far enough for them to miss it.
Having seen sm:hc last week, I’m dying for an AU where Steve and the team are with Tony, and they’re all happy together because THAT’S LITERALLY ALL I EVER WANT!
Pepper’d arrived only minutes after the team had left-- with a thick folder and a determined gleam in her eye that’d had Tony sighing in defeat before she’d even said a word-- and swept him off to SI for, in her words, a much needed “business day”.
Steve just closes his eyes, tears leaking from the corners to land on the light blue bedcover. His breathing is ragged and hard, like he’s still the shrimpy little boy that shared his cookies with Tony on the first day of second grade. “What am I gonna do, Tony?” he sobs. “
“Can it, mister,” Steve laughs, bumping his shoulder with Tony’s as he grabs his own to-go mug. “I hope the mission wraps up quickly. I don’t like bein’ away for too long.”
“Well it’s not like I’d be doing this on my own,” he replies, almost a little breathless at how beautiful the blond looks in the soft lamplight around them.
“If you tell me you used to sing it in front of the mirror after you showered, I’m gonna fucking lose it!”
“Come on, then,” Tony manages to wrestle them both into an empty lounge chair, focusing on the small crowd around him to keep his heart beat steady as Steve stays plastered to his side.
“More like enjoying the view,” he leers, waggling his eyebrows as Steve sighs exaggeratedly. “You were saying?”
Tony nods. “Might not make a lot of sense, I tend to ramble when I’m, y’know... And I-- I get sidetracked sometimes.”
Tony feels a familiar warmth bloom in his chest. “If you stop molesting me, we might even get to do this
“Thank Jarvis,” Tony says, taking the cat back. “Anyway, it looks like you might be a bit busy with all of this,” he waves at the boxes. He should leave and let Steve handle them...
“I asked you first,” Tony replies in lieu of an actual answer, and Steve rolls his eyes even as they gleam fondly.
?” Steve raises an eyebrow, and... huh. There’s a tiny, minuscule curve to his lips that Tony hadn’t been expecting.
“–but you need the big clincher, Rogers. Tit for tat, y’know. They vote for you, you get rid of those fucking disgusting burritos they serve for Taco Tuesdays.”
“A kiss,” Tony replies, soft as a sigh. Bucky lets out a laugh, but Tony barely hears it through the rush of blood going straight to his cock as the Captain huffs, grabbing him roughly by the hips, and then--
“Hit us with your best shot, kid,” Tony says, and almost startles at the nickname as it falls from his lips. The woman obviously catches it too, because her eyes turn soft and fond, and distant. “Hey, come on, clock’s ticking.”
Tony rolls his eyes even as he runs a tender hand through Steve’s slightly sweaty hair. “God, I missed you,” he sighs. “So much. Sap and all.”
Steve catches Wanda’s eye, returning the smile she gives him, before calling out after them. “Be careful!”
“Nothin’ wrong with that,” Steve runs a hand up and down his back. “I’m pretty sure everyone saw my tears at the ceremony.”
“Yeah, okay,” Tony rolls his eyes, but leans up to press a kiss to Steve’s cheek on his way out the kitchen. “Interview’s tomorrow, eleven am sharp. Dress nice, handsome.”
“You think?” Tony laughs, and then lets out a sharp breath when Steve flips him over onto his back, straddling his waist to stall the movement of their bodies. “You know I get so fucking turned on when you do that, right?”
“Nothing. God knows it looks fucking gorgeous on you. I mean, really, I’ve never looked better, even if it’s just the helmet.”
“Thank you, sweetie,” he smiles magnanimously. “Now, what’s Daddy doing with his tablet during tea time, huh?”
“He does when his Captain asks him to,” Steve replies, suddenly sounding a lot closer than he had seconds before, and a moment later, Tony lets out a happy sigh when warm, familiar arms are wrapped around his waist from behind.
Why is Tony's heart beating so loud? He can barely hear Rhodey mumbling his texts as he writes them, he can barely hear his own breathing because who else knows? How did anyone find out before Tony?
Bruce smiled.  “It’s a classic.”  He gathered Steve and Tony’s dishes.  “Glad you liked it.  Thanks for the chili.”
“It's been a week. You haven't been sleeping,” Steve continued. “You've got nearly, Jesus I dunno, a hundred? A hundred screens up all at once! This isn't normal; it isn't working. Please? Get some rest and then come back to it. It'll help.”
Steve opened his arms and Tony pressed himself eagerly to Steve’s chest. He let out a long sigh when Steve wrapped him tightly in his arms and kissed his hair.
“Nothing comes to mind.” Rhodey’s voice went soft. “But Steve’s crazy about you, man. He’ll like whatever you get him. Doubt he’ll care if you don’t get him anything at all.”
Cap nodded, getting to his feet. “I’d be happy to join you.” He glanced down at his sweat drenched gym clothes and taped hands. “I’ll just need a few minutes.”
Finally, the team had demolished the food and started putting their plates in the dishwasher and thanking Steve.
“I’m glad to hear that,” Steve said, trying to show the depth of his sincerity.  From the way Rhodes expression tightened it hadn’t worked. Steve finished wrapping his hand and tried to push his nerves at bay.  He pressed on: “Actually, I’m glad to see you. I wrote to Tony. Maybe you could give him my letter the next time you visit?”
“DUM-E,” Tony said, “It’s Dexterous . . . uh—“ (Crap!) “Dexterous Utilitarian Mechanical Extension.”
“You’re gorgeous,” Steve told him, rubbing his cheek against Tony’s.  “God, Tony, you’re so beautiful.”
(It’s good.  Don’t worry—I don’t have to worry.  Tony’s using me how he wants and that’s good. Be good.)
Tony practiced sending stun beams for a few rounds.  It was a little awkward, but hopefully he’d only have passengers briefly anyway.  He picked up the pace a little and had JARVIS summon a few more projector villains to shoot at.
The stairs weren’t really faster than the elevator, but Tony couldn’t bear to be still. He took the steps two at a time down to the common floor.
Natasha sighed.  There was no point trying to explain to Tony that growing up in that kind of poverty meant you’d never feel secure, no matter the nest egg.
Tony tried to buck up into Steve’s caress, but his hands were like steel. Tony pulled at his ropes and strained up for a better view as Steve licked his dick, tonguing the head. Tony panted and bit his lip as Steve began to suck him, moving up and down oh so slowly.
“It freed gay military personnel to serve openly, but,” she continued, in the gentle tone Steve thought of as her 'Tony voice,' “SHIELD has had a non-discrimination policy on the books since the '90s.”
“No, no,” Tony cut in.  He hated to disappoint Steve.  “Yeah, dinner sounds good.  Just let me know when to come up.”
youtube comments written by evil sexist, orientationist, pigs with evil attitudes about body image, beauty, and gender. Also slut shaming. They are not me!!! Seriously triggery. (I accidentally kinda triggered myself a bit writing it.) To skip the actual comments, just pass over the italics section under the youtube video heading. The content, as well as death and rape threats, are mentioned in Steve and Tony’s conversation and/or thoughts, though l think in a far less triggery way. Still, if you’d like to read the chapter with those sections redacted, just leave me a comment with your email address.
“Well, if you don’t mind that,” Tony said, “Then I’d be delighted.  Especially--” Tony hastened to add, “if I may have the honor of leading
“How do you want me? Do you want me on my knees?” Tony murmured.  “Sucking your cock soft and slow?”
“I’ve got you, sweetheart,” Steve promised, rubbing his smooth cheek against Tony’s hipbone. His warm breath fanned Tony’s eager cock.
Rogers met Tony’s gaze head on, expression miserable but resolute, like he wanted to look away but wouldn’t allow himself the luxury. He continued: “I didn’t—I wasn’t thinking about how you might feel with me asking you out over and over, living in your home and acting as your Commander. I should have accepted your refusal and not pressed you anymore.”
Tony’s smile dimmed. “Uh, picking you up for our science date? You said we’d go over the Thanksgiving data again, remember?”
“Sorry,” Steve said with an apologetic smile. “Just, it’s getting a little late, so I think I’d better go. And I want to, uh, talk to somebody . . . about something I was reading before bed, so, yeah—“
Was he thirsty?  Steve wasn’t sure that he was, but he was sure he wanted to watch Tony guide the cup to his lips so carefully and tenderly.  Steve nodded and Tony smiled at him.
So when Steve wiped his hands on a towel and announced, “well, time to go check on the turkey again,” Tony hopped up to join him.
Grin, wave, autograph. Nobody asked about the venue. (Huh.) Soon enough they were all inside, checking their coats. As they ascended the grand staircase to the ballroom, Natasha was close at hand. Beautiful smile still in place, she muttered, “So, did you bring the dagger I gave you?”
Rhodey looked up from his phone, half-startled. “Wait, what?” Rhodey shook his head. “Benji? Man, he’s that old already?”
Steve looked more and more amused as Tony rambled (for his amusement), but then he reached out to rest one hand against the doorframe, crowding Tony’s personal space.  (Which was fine.)  Tony fell silent.
Belford let out a derisive laugh. “Well I’d guess that can’t be your scene anymore, with Captain Conservative living at Stark Tower!”
Tony’d never heard Steve sing properly before, just the low hum that went with cooking Sunday brunch. He had a lovely voice, untrained but melodious.
“Oh, absolutely,” Bruce said. “Ease into it. The slower the better.” His voice dropped to a morose undertone: “Maybe never?”
“They seem to hate the repulsors,” Cap called over the rushing wind. “Let’s try the shield move on them.”
Steve handed Tony his coffee and then nodded away from the counter where the team sat around the remains of a sizable continental breakfast.
“We are,” Steve insisted. He swallowed. “And I know you read my messages. Why are you acting like you didn’t?”
Tony was full of a warm, lazy pleasure. Mrs. Rhodes, Pepper, and Rhodey had settled in seamlessly and everyone seemed in awe of Mrs. Rhodes, particularly Steve. For all her small size and advanced years, she had a commanding way that any general would envy. She’d been an office manager for AT&T for many years and had run her division with truly military efficiency. Dinner had been full of easy conversation and Tony’d managed not to look at his phone or tablet once. (Mrs. Rhodes hated people checking their phones during dinner.)
Thank you so much for reading! Your kind words are an inspiration!!!  These chapters are proving really hard to write...  I hope you liked it!
“Yeah,” Steve smiled and shrugged.  “Probably better get used to it though.  I mean, we’re *us,* right?”
Okay, he really was thirsty!  Steve drank and drank, until he’d drained the entire cup.  He sighed and set it aside on the nightstand.
Bruce was nodding and giving Steve that gentle little smile-- the one that he sometimes worried meant that Bruce was humoring him.
“Here,” he said, stepping closer. “You’re making it worse.” Tony batted Rogers’s hands away from the mangled tie.
didn’t notice at all.  Look, I can cover my tracks, but it takes time.  Energy.  Attention away from other things.  And whatever you think--” she glanced significantly at Steve, “Tony Stark can take care of himself.”
Tony cleared his throat. “If you really want off the hook,” he said, “I’ll cover for you. I can tell them it was urgent Avengers business, Top Secret.”
Rogers sat near Tony whenever he could, but never intruded on Tony’s personal space.  If anything, he kept a respectful and formal distance, unlike Clint or Bruce who’d give Tony a friendly bump or brush past him casually.  Rogers ate a lot and seemed to live in the communal kitchen when he wasn’t in the gym.  He read paper newspapers, did the crossword in pen, and hummed to himself when he cooked. He had a self-deprecating sense of humor that would catch Tony off guard sometimes, and he didn’t seem to mind Tony’s occasional teasing about his outdated slang:
Tony pulled Steve into his arms; Steve let out a long shuddering breath and laid his head on Tony’s chest. Tony stroked his hands gently through Steve’s hair and up and down his spine. Francis started to drive them slowly back to the tower.
Steve grinned, ushering him towards the elevator.  “No lettuce on pizza, Tony!  If you want lettuce, order a salad.”
Steve was having trouble breathing.  For God’s sake, Tony had offered to give up Iron Man to keep Pepper!  It had been his last ditch attempt to keep her from leaving . . . (I bet he doesn’t remember telling me that; he did black out.  Oh, God he’d have done it too, at least for a while. . .  it would have killed him inside, but he offered, he’d have tried to leave the team to keep her.  I hate that, I hate it, I hate it . . .)  Steve took a long gasping breath.  Was there anything Tony
A moment later Captain America rounded the corner.  Tony assumed he was there to deal with their exit, but when he caught sight of them he made a startled face, then visibly collected himself.  (That man should
sort of thing distract him.)  Steve blushed.  Had Tony liked his drawing?  (The cross-hatching on his thighs had still looked weird, but maybe Tony hadn’t noticed?)  Would it inspire Tony?  Would he tie Steve up next time?  He closed his eyes to imagine it: kneeling on the floor with his hands tied behind his back, thick chords knotted around his wrists, a firm, constant pressure, like Tony’s holding him in place even while he’s touching Steve’s face, caressing his neck and shoulders, reaching down to tease his cock and--
“Coming!”  Tony laughed.  “Well,” he said to Steve.  “I guess that’s our cue. Unless you’ve changed your mind and want to stay in to ravish me instead.”
“Come see for yourself!” Tony waved at Clint’s and Natasha’s uniforms. Clint’s had been a particular challenge. He insisted that he needed bare arms for mobility with the bow; Tony insisted that was bullshit and he could design something light but strong that would protect his fucking arms.
They were quiet in the cab. Tony worried it was awkward, but he didn’t know what to say. Steve looked like he might say something a few times, but instead he just smiled
Steve kept his arm around Tony as they walked from the elevator to Tony’s bedroom door, where Steve paused and took a step back.  Tony glanced up and found Steve biting his lip. For the first time all evening, he looked like he wasn’t on solid ground.
“Not Mars— it’s actually pretty similar to earth in a lot of ways, so that wouldn’t alter photons-- but another planet or dimension.”  Rogers just nodded. Tony was sort of expecting him to freak out, had kind of been looking forward to it in fact. Tony raised one eyebrow and said, “You’re taking this pretty calmly.”
“Yeah. Course it is.”  He’s lying, but Tony won’t call him on it.  (Yet.)  “The suit took most of the damage.”
“I came up here to make a mid-morning snack, since I was feeling peckish. Would you like something?” Rogers asked. “I was thinking I’d make a couple of tea sandwiches.”
They stopped off in Tony’s suite so he could grab a fresh shirt.  Steve waited in the hall.  (What?  Afraid we’ll maul each other again before we can get out the door?  Like that’s a bad thing!)  Tony checked himself in the mirror and realized that the thin cotton didn’t fully cover the light of the arc reactor.  He pulled on a sweater as well and grabbed his jacket.  Repentant for his tardiness, he didn’t even kick up a fuss over the motorcycle or the stupid commercial helmet.  Besides, even with leather and helmets between them, there was something deeply satisfying about slotting himself into place behind Steve and wrapping his arms around the man’s surprisingly narrow waist while the engine roared beneath them.
When Tony entered the break room, he saw Rogers talking with Agent Thomas “my friends call me ‘Dom’ ” Dommenick.  Aka Agent Dickface, head of the Stark Terror betting pool.
Tony bit his lip. Behind him, Dummy was wheeling about in little circles still wearing Tony’s bowtie.
As Tony gathered bowls and utensils (even napkins!), then picked out the best beers for their pizzas, Steve and Bruce chatted about
“Yeah, well, you’ll just have to wait.  Besides, we’re almost there!” Tony answered brightly.  “You’ll see in a minute, babe.”  (Worried?  It looks kinda like worried.)  “But don’t worry-- nothing too swanky.  Promise. They don’t even have valet!”  Tony smiled then shrugged.  “You like trying new things and I like getting my hands dirty, so it should be good, baby.”
Also, taking things apart was a good way to keep his hands busy while Pepper filled him in on meetings and Stark Industries stuff.
“Yeah?” Tony asked, grinning. “As a man who loves your roast chicken, I have no trouble imagining that. Oh my God, now I’m actually imagining it and it’s delicious! With pie. You make pie right? Apple pie? And, okay, now I’m hungry. You hungry? Of course you are, you’re always hungry and, look, it’s seven! How about burgers? Burgers and
The portal was far less spooky here in some ways—perhaps because daylight and no creepy carousel horses—but it was worryingly public and its pattern had changed. Tony didn’t like that at all. Last time, Bob had appeared near the ground, not high in the air. Also, it was now much larger.
“Do you still . . .?”  Steve trailed off with a vague gesture; Tony just stared at him.  After a second, Steve seemed to gather himself and said, “I know you met with Fury. I just wanted to make sure nothing he said made you change your mind. About us.”
“Sure, baby,” Tony said, with a little smile.  “Sounds nice. You can take me on an old fashioned date—if you ask nicely.”
Then Tony was dragging his finger out of Steve’s body, pressing back in—slowly, gently, carefully, sometimes crooking his finger and making Steve see stars, sometimes twisting his hand to pull and stretch his rim.  (Not enough . . . more . . . more . . .)
It was tempting—not that tiny glass, but a whole bottle—which was why he shook his head. He watched in surprise as Natasha threw back the scotch herself, then vanished the glass into some sort of pocket.
He can't stop every bad thing from getting to them, and he needs to stop trying. But giving them a solid future, one they're prepared for and not thrown into, sink or swim, 'we're a time-bomb' - he can do that.
Bucky hummed a happy agreement and they strolled home like they were walking on clouds, each lost in their own imagination.
"Mr. Rhodes? Readouts are showing a little bit of drag on the left leg, are you feeling that?" Donnie asks. There is heavy pause over the line and then Donnie stutters out "I-I mean, sorry, I mean is the suit showing the same thing?"
Tony's blood runs cold and he reminds himself that Tiberius can't see him, that Ty is a pathological liar, and that this man will do practically anything to hurt Tony. Even still, he types out a message for FRIDAY to send out feelers into ViaStone's servers.
"I'd be careful with the hyperbole if I were you, Mr. Stark," Rochambeau says dryly, and Tony clenches his fists on the table. Natasha is tense at his side, already having offered her own testimony about her experience with James Barnes and the Winter Soldier.
No, that's not accurate, he speaks to analyze data with Tony and offer his own opinions about their extrapolation. Vision doesn't
“For – I mean. I could’ve been…him,” Tony said, gesturing at the armor. “But I’m not. That, well, that must be hard. For you.” He looked up and found those blue eyes watching him carefully. “It’s just you really seem to like your Tony. And I’m not. I’m not him.”
Tony rubbed the back of his neck. This could not be happening to him. “But, um. Behind you?” Big Steve obediently looked. “That’s the Time Fog. It does weird things to the space-time continuum. Things from other dimensions slip through the cracks here all the time.”
He hears a muffled curse, what sounds like the slamming of binders, and then the voice returns. "Is there an actual point to this call, Tony?"
-but he knows that if he tried, he could get through that with Steve. Steve could even help him carry that burden, throw back a drink with him for Howard and listen to him talk about Maria for hours.
"Some of them will want his head on a platter," Tony says tiredly. In his mind the dream still weighs heavy. Barnes had been so quiet, sitting in that chair. "Some will want him for information. And most people are still going to want him locked up. It's never going away for him, Nat. I know that better than most."
Then when he was finally allowed to really fight in the war, alongside Bucky and the Commandos, he hadn’t been able to stop, too worried at any moment that something might come for them. The things he had seen…
"And if I say all of it?" Steve asks softly. "I never wanted glory. I-I mean, I'm nobody, really, just a kid from Brooklyn. I do what I can, where I can, as best I can. I just wanted to help where I could and fight for what was right. Bucky was innocent and Zemo was a threat, and Tony had locked Wanda up in the compound in the name of the Accords. I know he was trying to protect her and keep us together but only under his terms. I didn't matter what I thought, it didn't matter what I said. And I - yeah. I got a bit lost on the way. Did things I shouldn't have. Didn't do some I should. But it was never to fill some moral quota or do my good deed for the day."
"So what's it say?" Tiberius' breath was hot in his ear as the older boy leaned over his chair, leaving goosebumps in his wake. "Leaving me already, Antony?"
a darker voice finishes for him. He thinks of Maya then, Bruce, those people in the HYDRA base, Kamala's family. Thinks that of-fucking-course Steve Rogers was lucky enough to live through that, to come out better than before.
"I am the only reason you even have a prayer of ever seeing your family again, Clint," Natasha snaps. For being so forlorn in the hall, Romanov has stepped up to the game surprisingly quick, green eyes sparking fire. "You're not stupid, you know this is serious. We're trying to help you."
screaming down from the sky, clipping Stark Tower and landing in a corner of the campus as it was chased by Ronan and his Chitauri soldiers. So far, they were settling in nicely and proving an invaluable help in the fight against the space invaders. Gamora was whip-smart and blade-sharp, Drax and Groot hit like tanks, Rocket and Peter Quill brought the fire power, and they'd even brought a talking dog!
Because it doesn't have to be giving in. It doesn't even have to be forgiveness, or an apology, not if Tony doesn't want it to be. He can choose to see this for what he wants it to be, he can choose to hope it's what Steve meant (because he's realized, thinking of the drawing still in his pocket, that he has, perhaps, never known what Steve meant). Just - together. To fight the evils that others can't. To be Avengers.
"Like I can't get my ass in gear," Sam says. "Like I'm waiting for something." Steve glances over at the phone that won't ring.
Ty gives up. "Fine. What did you want me to do, Tony, shelve it forever? Not only did that thing get me twelve million first sell but seriously, doesn't the public deserve to know exactly what kind of monster the Winter Soldier is? I mean, you were friends with Captain America, right? What was he doing, defending that guy?"
The Madame relaxed back into her pillows, her gaze lingering on her now-useless feet. "I wouldn't be so sure. I will die the moment I exit this place. My people have a rather low toleration for failure of any kind."
“Tony, you can’t just-” Leave me, he doesn’t say. “If I wasn’t fast enough, or if your heart had given out sooner-”
And he wasn't naive enough to think that it went both ways, that Steve would follow him into the gates of hell or whatever charming phrases those army types said, but he thought Steve would follow him far enough.
Wanda's small hand fits into his and Steve tears his gaze away from Bucky, looking down at her. "I'm going to miss you," he tells her. She shrugs off the affection, as she is prone to do, always more comfortable giving than receiving.
"Because it wasn't what he wanted to hear," Tony snaps, then falls back, feeling inexplicably guilty. "There wasn't enough time and I - wasn't my best. If I had had the chance-" Horrified at himself for letting that out, so fucking whiny, he clamps his mouth shut. Fuck his tells, let Barnes see. What else can the man take away from him now?
"Civil war," Fury harrumphs. "I saw that in the news. Civil war. There were twelve of you, that's not war. More like a street fight in a Wal-Mart parking lot. Now, since we're all here how about you stop dodging the question and tell me what happened."
Tony huffs. "Yep. All those fatherly lectures? You and your sister were just guinea pigs for talking down pissed politicians."
Tony has the incredible urge to hunch and protect himself. He lets his body get as far as crossing his arms. That's telling enough. "Long answer..." He drawls the 'r' a little, remembering. "You ever slept in bathtub before?"
The suit was streaked with grime and mud by the time he stomped into the dorms at the asscrack of dawn. Up the stairs, three doors to the left. Tony had helped Sam show Steve to his rooms. Back before Steve figured out he hated him.
"No," T'Challa says, sounding every inch the king he is. "I promised Sergeant Barnes my protection. I cannot allow him to be used like this. He has had enough."
“But hey,” the other Tony blathered on. “Like I said, Tiny Stark will catch the hint eventually. Maybe it’ll be better this way. Not like he needs you, either – he’s got a Rhodey, right?”
"Like I said," he repeats, raising an eyebrow at her defensive tone, and she falls back a little. He scrolls through the texts one more time and hands it over. "So we're getting missions from Fury.
"Consider, Mr. Stark: we make the Accords looser in exchange for tighter, more individual contracts. This Mr. Cage should not have to serve if he does not wish, but he cannot be allowed to run amok. Likewise, I must put my country first; that cannot be compromised for the Accords."
His hand curls into a fist against his will; the phone creaks ominously. The last time Tony came to them with hands open it ended in a bloody fight, and Steve knows how much of that is on him, but it doesn't change how
Dimly he feels T'Challa's hand pass from his wrist to his shoulder to his cheek before falling away. "You are a good man, Tony Stark."
"Well, I know I kind of botched this the first time, but I think he'd be proud of you," Tony offers. "Whatever you decide, thank you for looking out for them."
"Don't think that he didn't notice," T'Challa says mildly. "I didn't want him webbing you to the chair to stop your attempts at vibrating out of your skin. My method seemed more efficient. You've stopped shaking."
And Steve, glorious, righteous Captain America, stared at Tony, jaw tight, chin tilted up, eyes defiant. It's the expression that had crossed Steve's face when he broke the reactor. Pained, yes, but so resigned. Like he couldn't have stopped this from happening. Like what he did to Tony was an acceptable loss.
Cloak takes one glance at the royal siblings, Steve's unimpressed face, and the utter blankness of Fury's, and sighs, stepping back. "I'm good, thank you, King T'Challa."
“I wish you would not call me that, Your Highness.” The wizard turned to Steven and favored him with a gentle smile. “The stone calls to like. Prince Anthony, in his infinite wisdom, used his gauntlets to implode the enemies’ supply. Jarvis dragged him away after they were hit with debris, which almost pierced his heart, but this should halt its procession.”
But there is nothing to touch here. Nothing he can fix. This is the aftermath; New York and London and Sokovia. Watching it all burn down around him. This is the quiet moment between disaster and recovery where the entire world tries to catch its breath. This is the worst part.
He wants to fill the silence for him; Tony and Steve, that’s what they do, they pick up the slack for the other. He’s going to open his mouth and say Tony, I love you, I’m sorry, Tony, I was wrong I never meant for it to get this far and I wanted to save you, I wanted to keep you safe, I wanted to
A sly, unkind smile bloomed across the other Tony’s face. “And there it is. It’s not the movie. It’s
"Ellis probably ordered him to get back into the council's good graces," Rhodey says. "It's got to make him itch, not having an American on board."
"Well, I'm a mean person," Tony says lightly, earning him a look from the girl. He sighs and gets off his chair, coming up beside her to pet his first creation. "But seriously, he's a learning bot. A really bad one. 'Dummy' was the first word I ever said to him and it stuck."
“Yeah, sure,” Tony says. “I mean, c’mon, you know better than me. The Chrysler Building. And that one over there-”
"You implied it," is the response shot back and Tony sighs, edging closer until he can sit down beside the kid. Donnie never shivers in the cold but he's shaking now.
On a dime, he turned again, smiling wide. "Ah, never mind. Let me lie to myself, Rogers, you know how good I am at that. Just look at you. As straight and true and surly as ever. You're a good man. The best. I'm sorry I never told you that."
A valorous hammer and an dutiful arrow, a lightning bolt of hope, a snowflake of courage. Wings of friendships and an atom of cleverness. A crimson swirl of conviction. A brave spider weaving its web among the clutter. Buried among the rest, a red star, dully shining with commitment.
A ragged cheer rose up and they all stood to follow the two girls to the new venue, still incomplete but rocking a fully operational bar, in the middle of campus. Only two figures remained.
And Natasha sat there, lamenting that once again, she had been proven the lesser spy. She should do the honorable thing, and fall on her Widow Bites.
“Tony, you just said it yourself. It was her choice to do that to yourself. Maria loved you, and you loved her. You were family. You forgave her, didn’t you?”
He can't hear anything but the sound of each slurred gasp echoing around the shield his fingers have made but he feels two small, deadly hands creep along his sides and around his back until Natasha is pressed against him in a hug. "I know you can't, Tony," she says softly. "I know. That's what I'm saying. You can't do everything. We're your team, you have to let us help. You have to trust us."
"Thank you for helping us," Steve says to T'Challa, finally responding to his statement when the king's gaze grows pointed. "You didn't have to, it was a huge risk, and I can't tell you how much I appreciate it - and looking after Wanda while we're gone."
Today was the only day he was ever tempted not to. Steve sighed heavily, not wanting to put this off for one more second. The conversation with the other Stark weighed heavily on him. The fight, which seemed so far away now and so oppressively close at the same time, weighed even heavier.
"I think," Steve begins, and then stops, thinking it through. He certainly didn't create Red Skull. He didn't create HYDRA, or Loki, or Ultron. But the last two weren't really his to claim, were they? Thor always seemed guilty about his treatment of Loki and Tony and Bruce created Ultron. "I think our monsters must already have monstrous qualities to do the things they do. Qualities that can't be changed no matter what we do to help. Where's this coming from, Wanda?"
"I wish he would've been mine. I wish I had taken better care of him." Tony's voice stutters all over his words, throat closing up. He loved his girl FRIDAY dearly, but she wasn't JARVIS.
Tony watches as Barnes carefully separates papers detailing the BARF system from the rest, laying them out side by side.
"You did just fine, sir," Vision says softly, and something lances sharp through Tony's chest at the honorific.
I think i'm going to sign. I can't go to jail i need to be there for my family. i still don't agree with them but maybe this way i can make them better for us. make so you guys can come home one day.
"With that kind of answer, we don't have to," Natasha replies dryly. "I can guess. You both sat in a room throwing ambiguous statements at each other so nobody had to talk about their feelings until time ran out, then did it all over the next day. You also probably gave him some way to contact Steve. How am I doing so far?"
"No," Tony says quietly. His arm tingles; he remembers this from the portal, how he lost the feeling in his fingers first. "But I think I've seen it."
This earns him a glare and the return of all that coiled Panther grace. "I don't know if you've realized but I do have a country to lead, Mr. Stark." Tony mouths 'Mr. Stark' at the ceiling, laughing a little. The shaking's almost completely gone now and, as is worryingly usual nowadays, Tony feels bone-tired. He lists his chair to the side so T'Challa is only in his peripheral vision before speaking.
"Your word," the General repeats dangerously, stepping marginally closer to Tony. Out of the corner of his eye he can see Rhodey rising from his chair even as T'Challa flexes his clawed fingers. "I've seen the worth of your word, Mr. Stark. You couldn't stop them before and you can't stop them now." He nods towards the TV and Tony absolutely does not smile when FRIDAY switches it over to
(And yeah, that burned. Of course Bruce gave Tony credit for engineering and foresight and everything, but still.)
“Sir,” JARVIS interrupted.  “Captain Rogers has just returned to the Tower and is asking after you.  Shall I direct him to the sunroom?”
?) “You had several bone fractures, bruised ribs, and a concussion, but none of that could explain the coma, particularly its length.” Pepper’s fingers clenched his hand for a second. “They weren’t sure if—“ Pepper shook her head, blinking quickly.
“Nothing! The red and gold glass is really beautiful, but, well, we thought it might be nice to pick out a few extra ourselves for variety. It’ll be fun! Wanna come too?”
When they got home from the Colbert interview, Steve had been exhausted in that bone deep way that comes from mental rather than physical exertion (especially for someone with Steve’s powers). They’d stripped to their boxers and curled up in bed; Tony just held Steve and stroked his back until eventually they both drifted off to sleep. But given how early it had been, Tony was unsurprised to find himself wide awake at 3 am.
Tony was like a rollercoaster. He could change on a dime and his every shift left Steve spinning in his wake.
“Wrong, yes,” she acknowledged.  “But not dangerous.  I was looking for moles in SHIELD--spying on spies, focusing on national security, tracing black money.  I had to prioritize.”
Tony paused, considering. It only took a moment, really—the whole thing flashed across his mind like a movie on fast-forward, one he’d seen a dozen times.
Steve was frowning, pensive, but Tony didn’t want to talk about Howard anymore, so he hurried to say, “So, was Bucky surprised that you were a Dom?”
“You gotta problem w’ Brooklyn?” Steve asked, turning up his accent and knocking his shoulder playfully against Tony’s.
“Maybe?” Steve shrugged again. “I dunno—I haven’t really thought about it much. I mean, I’m a sinner now, I’ll be a sinner later, but on the list of sins that'll weigh on my mind? Making love to you outside the sacrament of marriage isn’t gonna make the list.”
As Tony walked down the hallway, he could hear the sound of footfalls, unusually heavy and hard, as Rogers paced. He heard the Captain recite:
“All right,” Fury said leaning back in his chair.  “Stark Tower will house the Avengers’ Initiative.”
, Tony,” Bruce said hesitantly, still looking at the blueprints.  “I don’t want you to think I’m ungrateful.  Or that this isn’t amazing.  It is and I’m especially excited for the zen garden and meditation room on my floor, but--”
Back at the Tower, Tony went straight to his suite to change. He had projects in the workshop and plenty of acquisitions paperwork to review. He tossed his tux in the laundry bin, threw on a tank top with a fraying pair of low-slung jeans, then tied a holey grey hoodie around his hips just in case.
“No doubt the next woman with whom you do business,” Leila said, leading them up the stairs to the solarium. It was usually—and understandably—closed in the winter, largely due to the expense of heating it to a pleasant level for seated customers. Tony had promised to make good on any extra expenses; Leila’d just sniffed and told him to be on time.
Tony continued,   “Seriously, I didn’t like spending energy on those problems the first time around—would hate for them to eat up any more time.”
Steve trembled.  Tony straddled him, sitting up on his knees. Tony ran his hands from the restraints down to Steve’s shoulders and back. Steve stared up at him, savoring his lithe, powerful muscles and the otherworldly beauty of the arc reactor.  (You’re so strong. . . )
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve whispered, voice rough. He caught Tony’s hand and raised it to his lips for a kiss.
“Yes, well, I’m sure Briana will have no trouble at Yale,” Tony said, eager to get away from the Fitzpatricks. “Won’t you please excuse me—I see an old friend and simply must say hello.”
Pepper was flat out wrong about them. He loved Tony and Tony loved him. He'd first started falling in love with Tony exactly because Tony saw him as Steve, just Steve, not Captain America from the newsreels and the comics. Tony understood him. Tony let him be shy and awkward and afraid and disoriented. Tony loved Steve's eyes best of all.
“The classic everything burger is clearly the way to go,” Clint insisted, “But I still want to try some of the chi-chi shit.”
3) See if he can escape the premises before ten Agents take the opportunity to insult him, bully him, or flatter him.  (There was a betting pool on who would be the first to get the Stark Terror to submit, and which tactics would bring him to his knees.  And they were dumb enough to think he didn’t know about it…)
“You look stunning,” Tony told her sincerely, perhaps a trifle breathlessly. He held out his hand and she folded it in both of hers.
was who Tony had a date with, not the 6’2 dreamboat who had to hide from a legion of eager suitors at every high society gala.
Tony wasn’t sure how it had happened, but somehow he’d been separated from Steve after their dance and every glimpse he got of blond hair was wrong, all wrong. He scanned the crowd with single-minded focus. (Steve, Steve, Steve--)
*looks nervous; worries some won't like where I'm going in the next few chapters...*   So, uh, on that note-- if you *don't* like the way this story is developing, just a reminder that I ask that you please keep that to yourself.  It's up to you whether you want to read this or not, but I'm not soliciting concrit; this story needs to be my escapist happy place to keep happening.  Sorry to repeat myself-- just feeling extra anxious today (because RL).  Sorry & thanks!  *fidgets awkwardly like Steve; gives a nervous smile*
In 2014, Maryan Mirzakhani became the first woman ever to win the Fields Medal, often called the Nobel Prize of mathematics (since there isn’t actually a Nobel for mathematics, surprisingly enough).  She is awesome and you can read about her here:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maryam_Mirzakhani
“So, hey, why don’t you come down to the lab and we’ll give those results another look. We can make a pot of that smelly tea you like!”
clutched in his hand. He looked wretched and panicked.  It wasn’t a look Tony had seen often; it was one he’d be glad never to see again. Tony cleared his throat.
“As a matter of fact, there is,” she said briskly.  “He’s completed his--” there was a split second pause as she searched for the word-- “--program.  He’s returning to Stark Tower on Monday.”
Tony deleted and retyped one of the altimiter equations exactly as it had been.  Rogers kept talking.
“Are you asking,” Tony said in a tight voice, “if I’m being sexually coerced by a teammate in my own home?”
“We’re not trying to hold anyone hostage, Dr. Banner,” Fury answered. “We just want to make sure that you’ve fully considered what could happen out there.”
Clint was whispering to Nat again and she was giving him her faux frown, the one that didn’t touch her eyes or her brow, just a quirk of her lips.
“Look at you.  You love it, don’t you?  Love fucking yourself on my fingers, feeling me inside you like that, opening you up. Fuck!  Just like that, baby.”
, he thought for a moment it had to be a Sunday because Cap was cooking breakfast. But, no. Cap was wearing his dreadful khakis and a white t-shirt, not his dreadful suit and striped tie. Clint was shoveling a pancake into his mouth, Natasha was sipping coffee from a cup clenched in both hands, and Bruce was staring a little blearily into space with a tattered burgundy bathrobe clutched tight around him.
“Uh, yes, thank you.” Rogers looked up startled from his thoughts. “Thank you, Mr. Stark.” He took a seat in the armchair on the left. Tony nodded.
“That one girl, in the blue dress, she said, ‘Tell us a story about the war!’—like it was nothin’! Like it was some entertaining anecdote. And the others joined in with all these questions—‘What was it like?’ ‘Did you ever see Auschwitz?’—and then that big guy—Thomas?—he asked if I remembered the—“ Steve swallowed; his voice dropped. “--the crash. And . . .
Meredith smiled and patted his arm.  “I’ll leave you to your thoughts then.  Oh!  There’s honey gingerbread in the vestry if you want some.”
Steve gazed at Tony with rapt attention. Tony swallowed and rushed on, “So the big brute turns, saying ‘mind your own business,’ and I get a glimpse of you. I’m expecting some big beefy Dom, but then I see this guy even smaller than me. You’ve got your cell phone out and you’re saying, you know, to 911, ‘corner of Lexington and 41
Tony chewed at his roast beef on rye. Clint swiped at the tablet, skimming the article with a frown and shaking his head. Tony swallowed and, after a moment’s hesitation, took another bite.
He heard Tony uncap the bottle again.  Tony’s fingers returned slick and wet, to stroke his crack with long, slow touches.
It was 4 PM and Tony was answering email on his phone, waiting in a conference room for some of SHIELD’s R&D kids to come consult with him on something something defensive technology something blabla.  It was fine.  JARVIS was still hacking, so he couldn’t leave yet anyway.
Tony nodded, then said inside the suit, “Hey JARVIS, give me some scans of that thing, would you buddy?”
Bruce was looking at the TV screen and fiddling absently with his reading glasses, turning them over and over in his hands as he so often did.
Eventually Tony let out a deep chuckle.  “My God, you’re adorable.”  He kissed Steve on the forehead.  “I love that you always *ask* before giving me a blowjob.  Like I’m gonna say ‘no’!”
Tony wondered if Steve knew how right he was, if it had taken Bucky as many years to get over Steve as it had taken Tony to get over Rhodey.
Then she lifted her chin and said a little fiercely, “My son is Lt. Colonel James Rhodes, War Machine.”   Her look softened as she added, “And my other boy is Iron Man. Takes a hell of a lot to impress me.”
Rogers handed him the cup he’d just poured.  Across the break room, Agent Dickface was smirking at him.  His eyes flicked over to Rogers, then back; he raised an eyebrow and his smirk grew even nastier.  Tony smirked back then flashed him a dazzling smile, just to fuck with him.
Tony’d been more pissed by the chair pulling than the repeated dinner invitations—obviously, since one produced yelling and the other he’d shrugged off. Besides, Rogers took rejection politely and didn’t actually press in the moment, unlike that dick Harris. And, sure—Tony’d wondered (okay, fine:
“To shoddy journalism! To the dubious morals of tabloids! The smarm of celebrity rags!” Tony cried. “Fuckwits all!”
If Steve was startled by the request he didn’t show it in the least, just slid to his knees and looked up at Tony, wide-eyed and expectant.  (Beautiful.)  Tony sat up straight, looking down at his lover.  He scooted forward, so Steve was kneeling pressed up against his knee.  Then, Tony reached out to cup Steve’s cheek with one hand.
“We’re out of eggnog and mulled wine, but there’s the rest of my liquor cabinet at our disposal,” Tony offered.
“Uh, anyway,” Tony said, taking a long sip.  “Thanks.  You know, for the coffee. And the AC-23s, the package.”
Update!  Won't be back to writing properly until after Nov. 2nd, so a new chapter will probably be ready in the first week or two of November.  BUT!  I have posted a teaser for chapter 47 on my tumblr so you can get a little taste and don't worry this is abandoned.  :)  Hope you like! Kind words are cherished extra much while I'm in manic work mode!
and felt at once irritated and disappointed when he got another, “Captain Rogers is otherwise engaged, Sir.”
Jackie tutted. “The Captain’s been on my list since 1988. For him, I bet she’d make an exception and co-Top in her star-spangled panties.”
Steve left the common area so fast he was practically running, holding his breath until he turned the corner.
Steve made a helpless little gesture and Tony’s breath caught in his throat, choking on a rush of something he couldn’t quite get in order.
And Tony’s expression must have told Bruce exactly what he was thinking, because Bruce hastened to add, “Really, go! It’s fine. You’re probably right Tony. We need a break. I’ll go meditate and get an early night.”
UPDATE: I'm so sorry to leave you waiting!  I have a major deadline at the end of this month and then another in the first week of May, so things here are on hold until I get RL a bit better controlled.  Please don't worry, though-- this story is NOT abandoned.  I just need a chunk of time to do a bit of planning, connect some dots, write and polish.  So, more coming mid-May!  Thank you for your patience.
“So, here’s a thought,” Tony said, putting his sunglasses back on. “Let’s have this meeting once we’ve actually had some time to think and prepare. You know, engage in a dialogue and all that shit.”
“Agent Barton is most insistent,” JARVIS said. “He asks when movie night will begin and if he is permitted to select the film.”
After a few minutes Rhodey broke in, “I almost can’t believe it.”  He was shaking his head, still grinning.  “Captain America’s
“Stop saying that!” Bruce yelled, hands clenching hard into fists.  Steve’s eyes went wide with surprise and he took a step between them, as if reflexively.  Tony glared and he immediately backed off.
“What, this?” Rhodey asked, with a nod at the crutch.  He made his way slowly into the living room.  His voice sounded tight.  “Didn’t you hear?  I’m changing careers.  Gonna be an actor.  If I wanna snag an academy award, I’d better be handy with crutches.  I’m working on my stutter too.”
Rogers shrugged, “Mr. Nguyen had been very helpful filling me in, but I don’t think there’s much prep required. Smile, be polite, and don’t let them know if you’re bored.”
“All right,” Bruce said and turned to follow Fury.  Tony threw his hands up and growled.  Rogers was still in his way.
Thank you for all your kindness and generosity.  There’s no way I would have produced 120,000 words without you!!!
Everything he’d wanted to say, all the gestures he’d imagined making--gone in the face of Tony’s sharp gaze and scathing tone.  Steve swallowed thickly, his heart in his throat.
Tony heard noise in the background and after a moment, Rhodey said, “Hey, Tones? I’m gonna have to let you go. But do me a favor, would you? Let Steve know that you’re doing fine, okay? He sounded pretty worried.”
“I see,” Rogers said slowly.  “So, Fury’s making these sorts of demands in addition to requiring that you house the Avengers team?”
“I thought you’d like that,” Tony said, pressing his fully clad body up against Steve’s naked one.  “Port and chocolate.  Classic combination.”  Tony took another sip, then tipped the glass for Steve again before setting it aside.
“Well, duh. I’ll tell you what you need to know. Don’t worry.” Tony took a sip of coffee. “So, Thai food?”
(And I want you on your knees, looking up at me again, oh god with *that* look, but no maybe not?  We need to talk and you need to feel free to say what you need to . . . so, on the couch?  As clear equals?)
“So, uh,” Tony said awkwardly, “I am glad—I mean, grateful, you know.” He paused, then clarified, “that you saved my life, I mean.”
Steve laughed. “That sounds great,” he said, then added, “But should we maybe go up and see the others? They like Star Trek. And it’s been 36 hours— pretty soon they may think I’m holding you captive.”
“Let’s take this conversation someplace a little more private,” Fury suggested.  “Sit down.  Discuss things. I have a proposal for you.”
Clint Barton had experienced some very strange and very awkward breakfasts in his life. So to say this one was the worst (though not the most dangerous) was no small claim. It was like walking into an episode of The Twilight Zone.
,” Tony cut in, holding his hand out.  Steve gave him the slightly larger, matching corsage and Tony pinned it carefully in place.
“Please don’t, Mr. Stark,” Rogers said, sounding a bit more normal.  “I’m happy to do it.  I’m sure they’re busy.”
(That non-answer was probably as close as Tony’d get to changing his mind and asking Steve to stay.) Steve bit his lip. (If he was wrong about that, he was pretty sure Tony’d let him know…)
“I guess it’s helpful to have a certain separation,” Rogers says. “I might wanna give Clint an earful for leaving dirty dishes in the sink, but that’s nothing to do with Hawkeye.”
Tony pulled back just enough to offer his mouth to Steve for a kiss, a little surprised when Steve kissed him rough and deep and demanding. (He didn’t mind.)  Tony’s blood rushed as Steve pressed him up against the refrigerator, his mouth never leaving Tony’s, their kiss all tongues and teeth and possession. Tony could feel Steve’s cock, huge and thick against his hip as they kissed. (Christ, Steve was hard already. Magic serum?) Tony nearly laughed at himself. (Or, ya know, just the fact Steve’s only—what? Twenty-five? Twenty-six? Jesus.) Steve clutched at Tony’s wrists; Tony moaned and shamelessly pressed up against Steve’s hard-on.
Tony woke up early, before his alarm even went off, still feeling tired. He’d slept badly, waking often and tossing in his bed. (Alone.) But things were fine. Tony hopped into the shower.
Steve stroked the mark on Tony’s neck in a gentle rhythm; Tony leaned up to demand long, languorous kisses.
“Talking about your sex lives together?” Tony asked, arching an eyebrow. “Isn’t that a little House Lannister?”
(I’m dating a virgin who goes to church, and cooks brunch, and wears a suit, and is scrupulously polite to my AI.) Tony nearly laughed into his coffee cup at the thought, then froze. (Wait--)
“Funny,” Tony said bumping his knee against Steve’s. “I was just thinking the same thing about you.” Steve gave him a soft smile. Tony took another sip of coffee, then added in a teasing voice: “And I’m pretty sure
“Sir?” JARVIS said, volume at minimum. He startled Tony anyway.   “Captain Rogers asks if you will be joining the team for dinner and, if not, whether he may bring a tray to the workshop.”
Tony felt a certain fierce pride at the thought.  How many people were invited to give talks at technical conferences the world over AND were sought after by Orientation & Gender Studies Departments?  He'd been a regular Oscar Wilde on the stand, giving that orientationist fuck of a defense lawyer the witty run around.  And he'd only been threatened with contempt of court five times!
“It’s fine, Captain,” Tony said more firmly.  “Kinda allergic to apologies, so let’s just watch some ewoks.”
Tony’s breath caught.  “Yeah,” he murmured, reaching out to touch Steve’s cheek.  Steve leaned into it like a cat.  “Okay.  I’ll give you that reading material right away.”
Tony’s whole day had felt oddly like he was in a holding pattern. Ever since Steve got up for his run and Tony headed down to his workshop, work, everything, felt like he was just filling time until the gala. (And bracing for the storm.). It was silly, since he had plenty of work to do and could (probably should) take a 97th look at the portal data, but . . . everything just felt slightly
Tony caught sight of Steve across the ballroom, surrounded by a bevy of admirers. Six or seven subs were clustered close and some big beefy Dom kept grinning and slapping Steve on the back, grandstanding. As Tony watched, Steve’s shoulders seemed to creep higher and higher, tighter and tighter. Steve took a tiny step back, and they crowded forward.
Thanks so much for reading and for the thought-provoking responses to the last chapter!  Several of you had asked earlier about healthy BDSM relationships in this world, so I hope the interlude with Sam and Rebecca helped give more insight into the world and the possibility of sex-positive, non-exploitative power exchange in this AU, as well as some additional information about Tony.
“I’m glad you’re working on it,” Rogers said.  “If anyone could find a solution, it’s you.”  From anyone else it might have sounded like flattery; from Cap it just sounded like an observation.
was a fucking workout—anyone’d be out of breath.) He was a sweaty mess, his muscles were pleasantly sore, and there was no way he’d be getting up until Rogers let him—not with Rogers straddling him, Tony’s thighs pinned under Rogers’ shins, and his arms stretched over his head, held firmly in Rogers’ massive hands.
Tony frowned and looked at the spectrometer’s readings on his HUD. It had only been fifteen minutes, so it wasn’t giving him anything new yet. He looked back up at Bob, shimmering blue-grey, almost undulating.
—an older, more experienced man to guide and teach him.  (At least in some things . . . Well, okay, really just the one thing.)   And he
“You’re so wonderful, Steve,” Tony murmured, caressing his neck and shoulders and leaving little kisses in Steve’s hair.  “I’m so fucking lucky to have you.”
chapter dedicated to all the kind people who have encouraged me in writing this, and especially  to Noman and anonymous who talked me out of my funk / anxiety pit about this chapter
“Aren’t you the one who used to tell me ‘don’t try to read a sub’s mind--when in doubt, just ask’? Tones. You know that stuff goes both ways.”
They both reached for their wine at the same moment.  Tony drained his all at once, mind still racing.  (You know I wouldn’t use him, right?  He’s not some nameless fuck to fill an empty place in my bed—and I never deceived anybody.  Casual sex is casual sex—no room for confusion.  I told you:
There’d been a time ten—even five—years ago when Tony would have found Steve’s bashfulness and inexperience a gigantic turn off. (In fact, he was embarrassed to remember, he had actually kicked a few Doms out of bed for it…) But experience and confidence hadn’t exactly guaranteed the best results. And Steve was just so . . .
“It wasn’t right,” Steve insisted again, like a broken record. “And I got—“ His ears turned pink and he made a vague gesture down his body. (A hard on?) “I should have more control.”
I hope you liked this!  It may become a series someday, but for now it's porn and angst just for fun.
Tony’s head snapped up: Steve looked embarrassed, glancing away as if he hadn’t meant to speak. Tony laughed, not the bitter ugly sound from before, and Steve turned with a tentative smile.
“Shit, Tones,” Rhodey breathed into the phone. He sounded pained. “Shit. I should have talked to him. Why didn’t I think of that? Fuck. I’m the one who asked you to look out for him! And I got you to Dr. J! What the hell was I thinking, not--”
Steve was waiting for him for breakfast. Besides, there was pleasure to be had in pleasure deferred. It could wait. (A little.)
And thank you for being such wonderful readers!  Your supportive words, shared responses, and thoughtful comments mean the world to me. This story has been a labor of love and healing for me, and it has brought me true joy to share it with you.  Your kindness keeps me going!  Ever onward!  Thanks for reading.  (And now back to the grindstone on RL work.  Ouph.)
Tony glared.  “First of all, it’s not just any ‘old stuff.’  It’s got Marilyn Monroe, Jack Lemmon, and Tony Curtis.  Enough said.  But second of all, we showed Steve
“Does Spock remind you of anybody?” Clint stage whispered to Natasha, glancing at Bruce and Tony.  She rolled her eyes, but looked indulgent.  Bruce looked rather pleased.  Tony smiled at him and took another sip of wine, trying to focus on the TV instead of . . .
It was surprisingly fun. Different from the fun and games with the team, battling simulated zombies and giant robots, but fun. Tony was working up a decent sweat and, although Rogers was clearly taking it easy on him in some ways, it felt okay. Cap pulled his punches to avoid hurting Tony, but he didn’t ignore any openings. And Rogers was liberal with his praise—“Nice!” “Good shot!” even an “Ow. Shoot!”—but it was punctuated with frank criticism and advice. So it was good, really good and Tony was already looking forward to making it a regular thing.
Tony found the chicken well demolished, but he still managed to pick off a little more meat.  He nibbled on it cold, standing up in the kitchen.  (Oh, fuck that was good.)  By the time he was done, the carcass was pretty thoroughly stripped and Tony considered throwing it out for a moment.  Knowing Rogers’ sense of economy, though, he was probably saving it.  To make stock with it.  Or cook with the marrow.  Or something.  (Did people do that?)
It was night, the city a glimmering of lights in the darkness far below. The others had all gone to some gala something-something hours ago, but Steve had declined the invitation so he was on his own in the Tower.
The silence lingered and Rogers looked more and more miserable with each passing second, so Tony finally just blurted: “Yeah, okay. Cool.”
The super-soldier straightened instantly at the sound of Tony’s voice.  He lowered his hands to the counter with a sudden motion, nearly knocking over a mug.
They all called out good byes and merry Christmas’s and the teenagers took their leave. In the elevator, before the doors closed, Tony saw Katie throw her arms around Tony Y’s neck while he stared at the wall with a big dopey grin.
Tony shrugged. “I know a good investment when I see one. Or in this case, taste one. Really, something had to be done. If they couldn’t get the startup capital for a New York restaurant, they were going to move to Chicago.
“When I first got the serum,” Steve said, rambling fast, with an urgent tone of confession, “I kept running into things and breaking things, because I hadn’t mastered my new body. And I’m still really clumsy sometimes! And I break punching bags—even the ones you redesigned for me!”
The creature on the ground was shrieking louder and its form started to undulate and recover that unctuous shine—then suddenly it leapt ten feet into the air.
Tony shook his head. They were going to decorate a Christmas tree soon. And drink mulled wine. And the team would probably want to play Christmas music.
“I mean it,” Steve said stubbornly, with a bit of venom. “I’m starting to think they enjoy wasting time-- all the poking and prodding at the lab? I mean, I know I’m a scientific oddity, but even so. And all those pointless meetings and trainings and meddling—trying to mess with our training plans with Bruce. And half those Agents have no sense, no discipline, and no basic human decency!  They’re barely helpful and it’s a . . . it’s a . . . a
