‘Sher?’ He turned to Mycroft, his resolution crumbled and tears threatened to run freely. Mycroft noticed this before Sherlock could collect his thoughts and put back his cold and indifferent mask. Things were bad indeed.
The room was beginning to full and John noted that there were a couple of minutes before the class started. Sherlock was beginning to hasten whatever it was that he was preparing, and stuffing a chemical or two into John’s bag.
Just like everything in life, there are short amounts of time when things appear to be stable enough to not blow off at the slightest change. As things are, Sherlock is a magnet for trouble, he has always been and will be for the rest of his life. That’s just how things were and the reason why he decided that it was to his best interest to keep John at arm’s length. It was harder that he thought to do so as all he wanted to do was ramble about to the blond about every single experiment he did during his absence and recount every scandal he broke, or confirmed, out of what people said in the halls. John caught up easily after the first week and decided to confront him on the topic.
He turned to look straight forward and didn't dare to turn back to "John" rugby captain. The class couldn't end fast enough. He just wanted to be out of there. Away from everything. But time decided to take it slow, and his mind decided to go over the whole conversation. Never had someone reached to him, and now that someone did his first reaction had been to hiss at him.
‘I went into the crime scene.’ He was smiling, and John was expecting him to elaborate on the topic.
Sherlock notices that perhaps Mycroft knows more than he gives out.
Three days later, I was on my way to Baker Street with groceries when I noticed a man following me. I took my usual path and hurried back. In my haste, 2 messages went unnoticed on my mobile. Hurrying up the stairs and into the kitchen, I just dropped the bags and pulled my phone.
I hope you enjoy it. Cheers!
‘I met a woman, and before you say anything, she is involved in all of this. The police have the wrong guy because they need him inside. I don’t know why, but he is needed in prison for everything to work.’ He could see that this had gotten Mycroft’s attention, with him and the government things would move smoothly.
‘Whatever are you doing now?’ He asked barely above a whisper, panic was seen through Sherlock’s eyes. For him it was a countdown for something, so much was obvious form the pleading glance he shot his way. It was more than enough to put him into action and try to help the mad genius into whatever had already been schemed in his mind.
This chapter might be a bit boring, but I wanted you to know how John got to glimpse Sherlock's past. I'll be posting on a weekly basis.
‘This year?’
‘Is John not coming?’ Sherlock moved from his position by the window. He hadn’t noticed that he had moved there in the first place.
‘Sorry, I’ve got a date.’ John was nervous about Sherlock’s reaction to him having a night out with someone that wasn’t him. He was so possessive sometimes, that he wasn’t sure what his reactions would be.
‘I think you just love him.’ Sherlock turned to her and regarded her with an icy look.
The answer came barely above a whisper and his brother saw his pained expression before he could speak up even though it was a feeble attempt to communicate. He could see his baby brother as the child he was, a boy trying to understand a world that has been unable to stop for him to catch up in a society that moves far too slow to keep up with his brain. This was the small boy that would cry in crowded places and hide behind him when there was a loud unknown noise. It was close to a torture to see his brother so closed off after years of hard work and being home-schooled. He could still see echoes of that awkward boy that tried to fit yet never truly understood how to act.
‘Yeah, I spent part of the winter holidays with Sherlock. We met recently.’
Sighing, John looked down to his phone when he got a reply. Sherlock had sent a simple message stating that they should “Look though the neighbour’s trash, you should find a black glove. Test it for gunpowder, she’s the murderer.” And the reply that followed “Did you changed your phone number mr. Holmes?”
And so I update. Sorry for the delay, 4 essays to deliver and just finished 1... good to know it takes me 1 hour to write and check, the bad thing is that essays are harder than stories. I wanted to clarify that all of this takes place sometime in the 2011. It began September 2011 and we're moving on form there. Hope you enjoy...
‘Allow me to clear all the misunderstandings. It never occurred to me that you would ask a proper meeting, so I sent you all the messages through my brother’s phone rather than using mine. Last Friday I asked my friend John Watson to lend me his phone to send you the message. I suppose you didn’t ran the number through the system because it followed the same structure and pattern as the past messages.’ He had his hands behind his back to avoid showing how nervous he was. It didn’t escape John’s notice.
At this Sherlock hesitated. Things always tended to go wrong when he met more people. He was fine with one person at a time, but sitting with a bunch of strangers? Given, he knew John, but would the rest like him? He was saved by the professor entering the room. Sighing, he turned to John and tried to convey the unspoken message that he would answer at the end of the class.
“Be nice, things are about to go bonkers.” He could only roll his eyes at the message before all hell broke loose.
‘No, Sherlock, calm down. It’s not literal, he just can’t believe it.’
‘How did you ended up here?’
‘Oh. Thank you, even though I don’t know what’s the danger. Care to elaborate on what’s going on with the current case?’
‘Case my homework. We can work at the Costa if you want. Lead the way.’ They left through the fire escape and the neighbour’s front door to avoid attention. It was always easy to get caught in the hurricane of energy that was Sherlock.
‘Sorry. Sorry, it’s just a bit not good. How did you managed to get that glove?’ Sherlock smiled at this.
‘Nothing! I hadn’t even realised it was late. Was it Mycroft who let you in?’ She turned to see the door before turning back to Sherlock in mild confusion. That alone was the answer he needed.
John could only roll his eyes at Sherlock’s shenanigans. From the very moment Mycroft stood before Lestrade to be briefed about what was going on, to the exact moment when the both of them decided that Sherlock shouldn’t be involved, John knew he was going to throw a tantrum. He was that transparent when Mycroft was involved.
The thought of missing him so deeply like the time he was away and when John decided to leave Baker Street scared him, and yet the thought did not evolve into realisation.
‘So, I take it that your training finished. How does it feel? Are you alright? I feel like I should help you somehow but I just don’t know how. I don’t want to make you uncomfortable. Will you come with Mycroft and me? He’s going to pick me up today, perhaps my experiment will have to wait until I get home.’
Enjoy!
‘No-one important.’ Said Sherlock as an afterthought. John couldn’t avoid feeling uncertain about her. Who was she for Sherlock? He had never gotten a name and was Sherlock simply referred to her as “The Woman.” A cold weight settled on his chest at the thought even though his rational side told him it was impossible for Sherlock to take that kind of interest on her.
“Stop it Sherlock. There's no need to look like a smug cat that just caught a bird.”
The footsteps on the stairs brought him back from his self-depreciating thoughts and focused on the matter at hand: John came.
It wasn’t long before John joined them at the café leaving his thing with them at the table while he went to place his order. Molly decided that this was the perfect moment for them to talk and after a couple of minutes, she sent Mycroft a message to let them be for a while as she made her excuses to leave.
The look Sherlock gave him meant the world to John in that moment. He could see the pain written across Sherlock’s face and was surprised by how unguarded his expression was. It was as if he was seeing him for the very first time. He couldn’t properly understand his afflictions but in that moment, he knew his friend needed him even though he was not voicing it, or making any notion to show it.
‘John! I’m thrilled to see you so early in the morning when the room is still empty and the rest of the idiotic simpletons that share this space with us haven’t arrived.’ His excitement could be felt from the hallway.
After a long conversation where John gets to understand Sherlock, he gets his name.
‘Well, we met thanks to Lestrade’s case. She was one of the witnesses, she was the woman that had all the documents ready to show you to confirm her suspicions about the murderer.’
Sherlock doesn’t have to be asked twice to go deep into the details of the case. He did, however, told him of Morstan’s involvement rather than hiding it as he had initially thought.
‘Sherlock? What is it? Are you o.k.? Please tell me you didn’t go chasing down the diamonds burglar.’
With my gun in hand, I tried all the doors before me. I was nearing the end of the hall when someone made his way down when I heard the heavy boots approach. I hid under the stairs and waited for whoever it was. It was unlikely, but not improbable, that if I followed him, I’d find Sherlock. To say I was relieved when I recognised him as one of the homeless would be an understatement.
'I know that you're on an scholarship and still aren't able to pay for the complete workload. Also that things aren't going well at home, don't worry, sometimes addicts can't be helped. I also know that you are likely to join the RMC just to be able to finish paying and be able to take all your missing subjects. Did I miss anything?'
He was woken up by sound, it took him a moment to realise it was his mobile, and that the sound indicated that someone was calling him. When realisation sunk, he stumbled out of bed trying to catch whoever was calling so late. Seeing ‘Sherlock’ written across the screen sent a chill down his back; he never calls.
‘Are you trying to tell me that miss Morstan is the murderer?’
‘Sherlock.’ He knew Sherlock better than anyone else in the world and had known from the moment he laid eyes on him that something was wrong. ‘I came to see you because I wanted to.’
as he was in a similar position when the sniper took the shot. The sound of the shattering glass echoed in his mind, and he closed his eyes trying to compose himself before answering his brother.
‘My phone… is not here’ he said as he turned to the table and found it empty. ‘Pardon me, my mistake. Something the matter?’
When John moved his attention from trying to sort things, and placing the equipment a safe distance from the edges, to Sherlock, he almost doubled over in laughter but knew it wouldn’t be welcomed. With his googles, riotous curls and chemical-stained lab coat, he rather looked like a mad scientist. Even the way he moved, with his bouts of energy and rapid sentences did little but complete the image in John’s mind.
‘Did you go out on your own even when they told you to be escorted at all times?’ he gave Sherlock a suspicious side-glance and fidgeted with his mobile. Sherlock could do little more than return it even though it looked more of a pained grimace. He had just stated that he understood that John had now a girlfriend and that his time was no longer entirely dedicated to Sherlock.
Sherlock could only stare at the phone for a moment. This was what he had always wanted, to be taken seriously by the police. The thing was that now that they were summoning at NSY, he couldn’t help it but feel terrified at the idea of going there. He turned to see John smiling and encouraging him to write a quick replay and go to said meeting.
‘Not at all.’ Everyone turned their attention to the front. The professor was about to resume his class when he interrupted him. ‘Except that…’ To Sherlock’s amusement John grinned, and the whole class groaned as he went into an hour-long debate with the professor.
For the first time, he thought that maybe Mycroft could see something else in both. But it was just, perhaps, wishful thinking on his side.
‘Why did you do that?’ Was the first thing asked by John. He was supporting Sherlock as he stood.
‘No! Wait! Sorry, Sherlock. I’m calling you before I even contact Lestrade. You need to see this.’ He could tell that she was in a hurry and that the call was to be kept a secret as she was almost whispering.
‘No! If you feel like name-calling, feel free to use the door and go back to your team captain.’
‘Well, people say you don’t have a heart. I think you have the biggest one and try to hide it.’
‘No. Believe me when I say that it would be impossible to go on without you.’ He avoided expressing that part of him wanted to be alone, but the most rebellious part of his mind wanted to keep John close and never let him go. It has been so long, that he no longer remembers what it was like to be on his own. Being alone now made him feel empty, as if part of him was missing.
‘I must ask who are you.’ Queried Lestrade as calm and quiet as possible as to avoid attracting others attention. It took Sherlock a moment to understand just what was the real problem. His message had been addressed to Mr. Holmes, so he must have checked at some point who was the owner of his brother’s mobile phone. He was expecting either his father or Mycroft as he didn’t care to keep tabs on what went down with the money.
‘Do you want to infiltrate the NSY? There’s a file I need for a case.’ Because a case was going to keep his thoughts at bay for a while before he could retreat to his mind palace. Molly wold do, he could distract Lestrade while she just grabbed the file.
‘I never agreed for dinner. I barely eat.’ John couldn’t believe he hadn’t understood Irene’s innuendo. Relief filled him in that moment when realisation hit him that Sherlock was not invested nor interested.
‘All right, cool. No problem. Finish that while I put everything into my sports bag. Nothing is explosive, is it?’ Sherlock’s mock laugh was enough to reassure him. Sort of. He saw Sherlock in his peripheral vision. He dabbed a swab through the gloves fingers and then sprayed some of the liquid into whatever sample he had just taken. From the expression on his face, he knew that his theories had just been proven right with the reaction.
They walked all the way to Broadway road and to NSY. Sherlock was so nervous that John had to divert his attention to people by asking him what he could deduce. When they arrived, they were surprised to know that Lestrade was already waiting for them.
John couldn’t avoid but smile at him. ‘Come on, you’re brilliant. It’s amazing being so close to you… there’s always something to do or see. If people could just see the world as you do.’
‘Ok, I’ll admit that’s information hard to find. I’ll give you a small cold case before I’m sure I can get you into the case. To be quite honest I wanted to meet you to be sure that I can trust you with crime scenes.’
They sat after a while. Sherlock taking up four sits just to have enough space to lay down using Mycroft’s legs as makeshift pillows. It was after another 3 hours that a doctor approached them.
‘Sherlock?’ Spoken barely above a whisper and broken, it made him turn his attention to the bed and saw John waking up.
It was until the beginning of October that he dared ask someone about it. Who better than Molly to help him solve the case? She was very understanding listening to everything that he said. She smiled and simply said “tell him.”
When Mycroft agreed to talk with her the specifics of her release, Lestrade called a unit to the building. As the place got flooded with cops and cleaned they all agreed to say that Lestrade had taken the shot when Moriarty was about to kill Sherlock. It was big news that a professor kidnapped a student and tried to murder him when the police found where he was being held hostage. News are like fairy tales after all.
“If you really don’t want the case to be published, just say it. I know you did it on purpose.” Said John as calm and sincere as he could for Sherlock to realise that he wouldn’t do something against his will. It took him a moment to answer.
John snatched the glove as Sherlock discreetly got a bag into his jacket. The whole room was staring at them as they made their way to the front. He could feel everyone’s curiosity, the stories beginning to build, rumours being born. This was a “bit not good”, this was something he had wanted to avoid. Thank Mycroft for his efforts on ruining his existence. Anger began to boil and course through his veins. He hated this so much.
“It’s not unsolved! What is it about this case that you despise so much? It took a while to solve it, but you did it just as most.” The only response he got was Sherlock pulling the afghan over him and ignore John’s question. It was at times like these that John knew not to push him into giving out answers.
‘Hey! How was your weekend? Why the long face?’ Asked John as a greeting the moment he saw Sherlock from his own desk.
‘Yes, we don’t want Mycroft’s PA to know where we’re going. It’s just to Torrington Place.’
‘And yet, they kept you until they were certain that you wouldn’t try it again.’ Her eyes were damning, her expression spoke of someone so certain that they were close to their objective that Sherlock decided he wouldn’t give her the victory.
‘That I’m what? I’m just standing here with my hands behind my back! How could -‘
‘Was that really necessary?’ His right arm across his chest as if he was crossing his arms even though he still couldn’t move his left arm. At least Sherlock had the decency to look bashful at his words.
‘Not a problem, I had the same problems. Let me take a look at it, for all the things Sherlock knows social skills are most definitely not his strong suit.’
‘I just got here! Was it something I said?’ She smiled at John and upon seeing Sherlock’s panic she decided to give them a nudge.
It took the doctor a couple of more questions to leave. He said it wasn’t a serious situation but that John would have to go to physical therapies and further studies and brain scans were required to rule out any risk. John agreed to everything. Harry took Mycroft to the cafeteria just to give them some space.
‘Whatever are you talking about?’ She noticed his furrowed brow as he turned the information and prepared to analyse her next words. It was this kind of confusion that showed her that Sherlock was nothing like people thought of him. They saw a cold and calculating being that would take advantage of everything and everyone with no remorse, but she had seen him after John had been hurt and the days when he tried to cut their friendship. He hid behind barriers and was afraid of sentiment just because he felt so strongly and with a passion that would rival anyone else’s.
‘We met a couple of times, I wanted to make sure that what she was about to tell me was real, and I needed time to study her.’
The professor tried to do it quickly, it was obvious to everyone in the room that she preferred not to go through this. ‘I’m truly sorry about the intrusion.’ She said with a sense of finality. He could see it on her actions that she’d rather never do this at all. Go through a student’s bag at the beginning of the session right in the prejudicial sight of everyone attending. Silence was ominous, he sat on his stool rather embarrassed of the whole affair.
‘Wait! What?’
‘Don’t be dull John. My brother warned me about respecting the lab time schedules, so there wouldn’t be enough time to do that many. You can do whatever the professor is asking during the session, just let me do this side project.’
“Hm, could be.”
“Oy! Don’t give yourself that much credit.” They were both smiling now.
All the other sits were taken except for the one besides him. it was his very first date, and he was already as lonely as he was in his room at the rehab centre and before.
‘It’s the Woman!’ Said Sherlock as an answer to Mycroft’s silent question. It was a text message and it only read: “Don’t listen to anything they say.” Even Mycroft was confused and he was an expert at being cryptic.
As no-one was paying him attention, he ran and tackled Moriarty from where he was standing. The distraction gave John the chance to take Mary’s gun as Lestrade dropped his gun and restrained her as quickly as he could. The rapid succession of events led to a moment of confusion and Mycroft took advantage by taking the gun and aiming to Moriarty as he pinned Sherlock to the ground and was about to punch him. His stance spoke of madness and his need of blood even though he appeared to be half aware of the situation around him. Sherlock had never feared for his life more than that moment when Moriarty was about to deliver the first blow. He had seen people being unable to stop after the first punch and he could see it in Moriarty as his eyes lacked life and soul. If he was to die, he was thankful that Lestrade and Mycroft were there to help John.
‘So, from that message you sent. I got a couple of replies. Same Lestrade guy. Who is he?’
‘Were do I get into the whole picture?’
‘I think he just wanted you to deal with me. Before you arrived, he was a bit more than exasperated and left me here to read.’
Never had he felt so impotent to protect his baby brother. Having him in his arms wailing out in pain made his whole world crumble. He had no power to help him other than holding him in the middle of a dingy waiting room as Sherlock pours his heart to him as they waited news from the surgeons. He had been ready to call out John H. Watson on playing with his brother’s fragile sentiments, but he had never pictured that he’d had to hold Sherlock were he to lose the battle on the table.
‘Sherlock?! Are you in?’ The question sounded odd, it was as if he no longer felt at home in 221B Baker Street. The thought brought him sadness.
‘Well, I’m not, isn’t it enough that I had to go through hell just to be here again? They had to take me out of the Thames, I’d appreciate it if you didn’t abuse by eardrums with your sense of duty.’ He tried to remain calm, but as of now he had no idea how John would react to what was going on. It was becoming obvious to him that John would have to be kept in the dark for now. Ignorance is a bliss, isn’t it?
By the end, Sherlock was on his feet and walking towards Mary as a feline stalking its prey. She gave him a scowl and left almost as a wounded animal. Sherlock was preening before he turned to see John’s expression.
‘I was thinking that you wouldn’t allow them to see. I think that they have the right to know what’s going on. They are involved whether they like it or not. And the same goes to you, we can’t protect them if they go on their own investigating. Think of what happened to John.’ She was serious, they could see it in her voice and her stance. Lestrade’s expression calmed and he sighed in defeat. She was right.
Time stopped. Both regarded each other one petrified by fear the other stupefied by the confession.
It has been a gruesome year. Not overly filled with cases and too hot to do some proper research or start new experiments. He even noticed that through the summer, John was relieved whenever they visited Molly at the mortuary. With a low on cases and a low on possible exploits, John decided to head to Poland just for the sake of exploring a different place and escape from Sherlock’s antics.
Several things happened at once. A gun went of, Sherlock screamed as if in pain, and without hesitation I shot down the man with the gun even though we were cornered and outnumbered. “Don’t even think about moving a muscle.”
‘The fact that he might not listen to me the moment he sees me!’ came Sherlock’s answer. He was almost screaming. ‘Sorry.’
‘I’m afraid I don’t know. She must know someone as she was the one to warn us and to stay away. She left on her own the next morning.’
John couldn’t help but suppress a smirk at that. ‘And how do you propose that happens? What if I have already planned who I wanted to work with?’
‘I know, but he got me into this so he deserves to have no biscuits for tonight.’
Sorry for the delay! Here's a new chapter, next update either Monday night or Tuesday morning. Cheers!
The rest of the class ran smoothly. Sherlock was unusually quiet and John was worried about that. He tried to joke a bit with him, but it only worked for an instant of two. He practically ran from the room the moment the class ended.
‘It’s nothing John. Don’t pay attention to the phone.’ As he said this a second message came through. If a single ping could show urgency, John would say that the message was heavy with it. Dread filled him in an instant as Sherlock looked down and curiosity was evident in his face.
‘No problem mate, the place is packed! Maybe it’s a bit colder than we thought.’ Said one of them.
John couldn’t avoid seeing the sorrow within his words. He could’ve just delivered a monotone speech that hold no meaning, but deep in his eyes John could see how faithful were his words to his mind. He was speaking out his thoughts freely without sparing him triggers, and John appreciated that.
‘Ok, you are going to hide all of these chemicals for me,’ he frowned at the request ‘oh don’t give me that look, I have just a couple of minutes to finish the process before the professor gets into the room. I’m certain that Mycroft might have already moved his pieces into position as to get everyone into shadowing my every move. They cannot, and I stress the meaning, find me with these chemicals in my possession.’
‘I have no reason to disclose my name to someone who may or may not decide to do a living hell out of my existence.’ This was it. This was his whole problem, now everything made sense in John’s mind. If he was this smart, a proper genius if he was honest, there was no way others wouldn’t pester him.
‘Send John a message, tell him to meet us there. I calculate that it’ll take Mycroft’s team about an hour to locate us. That’s enough time for John to meet us after his appointment.’ He smiled back at her as they made their way leaving Russell Square and through SOAS.
‘The name’s Sherlock Holmes. See you on Thursday’ He announced, almost whispered, to John for him and no one else to know. He smiled and left.
Mid July came and went. John was back from his trip to Poland and brought Sherlock souvenirs, things to experiment with and different foods traditional to the eastern country. Sherlock was so excited with the preparation of his experiments, that he didn’t notice John’s relief to be back. Had he seen it on his face, things could’ve gone differently that day.
Mycroft was grinning like a mischievous cat, Sherlock could see him even when he was staring straight ahead. Not like he needed to see him, he knew him enough to know he would grin. Their parents had asked him to take Sherlock to school and make sure that he actually went in. This was the first time he was on his own since rehab, he had to check in with the staff, and attend to all of his classes. Every one of them, no matter how boring or useless the deemed them. And so, here he was, sitting at the very back of the room in a desk by himself. he could see them all pointing at him and talking in hushed voices, all of them drawing conclusions even though they had less than scraps of information. Asymmetric information should never be trusted when drawing conclusions and taking decisions. He knew how the rest of the year would go from there, he'd be alone, as always, and excluded by his fellow peers even though he was the smartest student in the whole room.
(See the end of the chapter for
‘No, you always have an ulterior motive to do or say things. You always look so close into details that it’s impossible for you to get this wrong. You are leaving me out on purpose! You know the murderer, don’t you? The woman had an appointment with the murderer. Whoever you saw at the bridge was able to recognise you and you jumped as it was the fastest way out. They know you.’
‘Sherlock? Are you alright?’ He was sitting in Sherlock’s bed while he was staring outside contemplating the street. Weeks had gone by and the case had resumed its previous status as “ongoing with nothing happening.” Whoever was planning the whole ordeal had stopped when sensing the police and the government this close. What worried John was that they could have noticed Sherlock making him a target. Of course, Mycroft had discarded the idea as something akin to an action film or so.
‘I have terrible taste? It was you who ended almost drowned and with hypothermia from jumping off a bridge.’
‘How did you know…?’ The question died on his lips as Sherlock was, as always, a step ahead.
Gone was the cold and calculating detective, and it left him behind with a confused mind and a seemingly inexplainable circumstance. Above all, it left him with the question “what now?”
This seemed to cheer Sherlock a bit. It had been a while since he had been able to contact because Mycroft had blocked the number when he received a message while he was in rehab. He never knew that he kept the contact.
How come someone be so oblivious to other’s affection? Molly had been observant, and smart, enough to notice and piece together the puzzle that was unknown and foreign to him. He had John, but to him he was nothing more but a “mate” which apparently, it meant friend to him. In fact, he was his best mate, cursed to stand at the back and observe how he smiled and laughed with her. Women loved John, and now one had been enough something to catch his attention and ask her to be his. John who was unaware that by now he was an extension of Sherlock, just as he saw his family members even though he dreaded to admit it. He was Sherlock’s and he was lenient to share him of let him go.
There are different ways to wake up, it can be the termination of sleep just as it can be a realisation of what is going on. Sherlock Holmes is just waking up to what feels like an unreal and yet much longed realisation. John Hamish Watson was back in 221B Baker Street for good.
We placed all our bets on Wiggins. He was the only one Sherlock had ever given something akin to a basic training on self-defence. It would be easy to put them on his trail if Sherlock just called him out on his drug usage.
It didn’t take us much to get into the gang. Sherlock asked 5 of his network members for their help, they would be following the main subjects and gathering information on specific things Sherlock asked them. As for ourselves, we decided to gain their trust through a disguise and the usage of our skills. I was an underground doctor recommended by Sherlock’s people, and Sherlock gave the information regarding enemies and whatnot.
‘I hacked into Scotland Yard…’
‘Damn, you sure are smart.’ Said John with an amused grin. ‘How about you hang with me and a couple of friends by lunchtime? We’re not many.’
‘Sherlock. I think that’s precisely what she’s about to do.’ Interceded John as he saw Irene’s face. Sherlock felt as if a cold bucket was thrown his way. A strange feeling filled him as he saw the expression on both, John and Irene. She was a beautiful and remarkable woman after all, and John was straight. It was only natural. A nervous laughter escaped his lips, it took him a moment to realise it was him who was making the noise.
I had to bring down the door in order to get to Sherlock, the racket it made was what got the gang tripping on their way down the stairs with withdrawn weapons. The image of Sherlock beaten and passed out on the ground was what kept me on the move. Hauling his arm by the back of my neck in order to support his deadweight and still have the chance to move around. I moved to one of the rooms by the stairs in order to have time to get on the move once they passed me.
knew what was going on, when in reality it was only
‘That’s why I break into the files.’ He said barely above a whisper.
‘Let me do it.’ Said Moran taking the gun from John as he turned to Lestrade who was panting but otherwise unharmed. She walked to Mycroft’s side and took her shot before Moriarty could do anything. ‘Darling, your gun had the safety-lock on. It would’ve been embarrassing to face him as such.’
‘Seriously brother, just tell me that you have a thing for the woman’
‘Calm down brother mine. Remember that anxiety leads to irrationality. That’s beneath us.’ Hi eyes were once more on Sherlock as he tried to convey the message even though he knew his brother would not look at anything but John. He was constantly gathering information, from his hand, the monitors and whatever expression might cross his face. He had never seen Sherlock connect in such a deep level with someone else, not even their relationship had been as deep as it was with John. He felt like intruding the moment.
We agreed to meet at the station, as it is somewhat easy to get out of track in within the underground network at rush hours, and from there we walked to the bridge she going out from the BFI exit, and I took the National Theatre one. There was a slight difference, I was a bit behind. She met with a blond in a red coat, even from the distance her frame was familiar. I jumped because she was about to turn because Irene threw me a side glance when she noticed my distress. Any trained killer would know that meant something, I think we’ll find her corpse in a few days.’
‘What the hell are you talking about?’ The seriousness of John’s tone told Sherlock everything he needed to know. He’d keep on as he had been going most of his life: on his own.
‘You can’t kill me. What happened to turn you against your own minder? What do I have to do with anything?’ He remained stoic, everything could go wrong in a second.
He gave John a nervous half-smile when he was telling him about his findings, it took him a moment to see his mistake. He had to think quick to possible questions and how to get unscathed from the whole issue. Both, his brother and Lestrade, had strictly stated that he should not keep on investigating on his own no matter the circumstances.
‘There’s a new body. I’m messaging you the address. Lestrade won’t want to keep you on the case after he sees this.’ She sounded anxious, something far from the centred woman that he knew.
’35 pages long. And I don’t understand the analysis question regarding the topic.’ She was sitting a bit more confident without Sherlock’s comments, John could see the words about to spill from his awkward position.
Silence is sometimes louder than any sound in the world. This moment was deafening.
‘Good.’ He kissed Sherlock closing the ever closing gap between them. ‘Happy New Year.’
‘Mycroft! Why are you meddling into my affairs? I demand to be let alone and be able to live my life as I see fit!’
‘John, I think you have an awfully positive view of humanity. I don’t have anything against you.
“I thought you had stopped filling your scrapbook, or your blog. Donovan hasn’t mentioned any more cases” He had his gear on, and John could smell something coming from the kitchen. He was not cleaning whatever experiment Sherlock had at the moment.
‘No! Please don’t, I can help you with chemistry, biochemistry, and physics. John can come and help you with the rest. The thing is that I need this instead of the other option, which is rather awful if you think about it.’
‘What happened? Who did this to you?’ His expression was angered, and now Sherlock could see why he was the rugby captain.
The doctor turned to Sherlock expecting to see a sign that it was true. Harry had to answer instead as Sherlock was somewhat stunned to answer. The doctor eyed him warily as Sherlock sent Mycroft a message with the update on John. He wasn’t sure if this was a good thing or a bad one. John wouldn’t remember Mary and thus putting him out of danger, but he was unaware of other things and that it was his fault for being involved in a case.
‘Tell me what you know, and who this woman is. What’s her link to everything that’s going on?’ Mycroft made himself as comfortable as possible in the plastic chair, and Sherlock took a deep breath before he could begin. This was all putting him on edge.
I was certain that Lestrade was trying to get some other plan that didn’t involved placing someone on the line. Everything could go wrong.
“I don’t know.”
“Please Sherlock, come out. You need to listen this.”
She left with mock exasperation as John and Sherlock headed back. It’s not often that Sherlock feels out of depth but right now he felt like drowning. Mycroft needed to be aware of the situation and Lestrade had to be on the same page. A body was about to appear in the next couple of days, and they would have to hope it didn’t belong to Miss Adler.
‘How old are you?’ Curiosity was taking the best of him, he wanted to help the kid that was sitting just before him.
‘Was it Mycroft, the woman, or whoever you saw at the bridge? Who forced you to jump?’
I planned on going out through the same room I got in, but with Sherlock it would be twice as hard. Thinking strategically, and with what I heard, only 2 had made it down the stairs and were now registering the rooms. Someone had to be guarding the stairs, but shooting that person would alert the others and I’d be trapped. So I decided to knock out the two who were inspecting the rooms.
‘No. No! I don’t know how many times I’ll have to repeat myself but no! Are you even aware of the brain that’s supposed to sit within your skull? How were you even able to pass primary school, when I understand that history is a main subject you must take. What are you even doing?’ It was a relieve when John arrived and entered the room confused as to why was there a woman in the house? Relief was immediately obvious in his features and just as fast he went into one of his rants ‘John! Thank you for coming, I hope you weren’t busy. I need your social skills. Make her understand! You read slow and yet read faster than her!’
‘Of all the things she told us, that’s what worries you? I’m afraid you need to rearrange your priorities mate.’
‘Well, Sherlock did take some time to open to my other friends. It took some convincing to bring him along. That’s just the way he is, there’s nothing wrong with that.’
‘I was just about to get to that John. Please do keep up. As I was saying, you’ve been out for an entire month, before the whole incident, you met Miss Morstan and decided to date her after a couple of weeks.’
‘Hello brother, John. I hope you are feeling better, Sherlock’s been camping by your bed and decided that not taking care of himself was the best way to take care of you. As a medical student, please set him right.’ John was amused with the statement. He never thought Sherlock would care that much for him.
Silence fell between them, Mycroft was pensive and Sherlock would describe his stance as defeated. They would need the woman alive so that she could testify, and he would have to try to warn someone with what little power he had. Now more than ever he had to keep Sherlock from the investigation, it was a good thing they were keeping him for the night to be released tomorrow midday.
‘Well, there’s a clear message to you. You have to see it and call your brother as soon as possible.’ Resignation and a plea to hurry. The call was cut then and he got the address almost instantly, she had already written the message, she wanted to make sure that she had his number rather than his brother’s. That was the logical reason for the call. He was already picturing the situation. Indeed Mycroft would get involved either they wanted him to or not.
‘Get to the point Adler.’ Sherlock’s exasperation was suddenly too obvious, just as Irene’s fear.
Hello everyone. I hope you like this final chapter! I planned on doing it a bit longer but I've been caught on school work and my dissertation. The last chapters aren't even half of what I wanted them to be and I didn't want to let the work incomplete. Kind regards!
He was in love with John Hamish Watson. The sole thought made him shudder in amazement and dismay, bewilderment and confusion. It made sense and yet broke logic.
‘Oh, it’s all meretricious.’
“I was updating my Blog.”
Sherlock saw red. Apparently so did John but he kept himself levelled and tried to move the conversation away from Sherlock. ‘That’s not a very nice thing to say. By the by, am I to call you Miss Morstan or do you have a name?’
‘Don’t worry, it’s not noticeable, I’m just used to be unseen. It helps to see what no one else can. It helped me understand why we could never be together.’
‘Just say that you want an overpriced coffee and a chocolate treat.’ She crossed her arms waiting for an answer as he looked surprised as she outed him.
Things take an unexpected turn to the worse. Moriarty finally makes it to the picture.
‘Silly me. I’m Mary Morstan. We never got to our Valentine’s dinner because Sherlock, our dashing detective and dear friend here, got himself admitted to a hospital.’ She dropped the bomb he was trying to avoid. ‘Doctors said it was a suicide attempt. Dreadful that, so young and yet so troubled. You and Mycroft had to take turns.’
Sherlock found a remote place at the top floor of the library. It was quiet and alone, and after the ruckus at the cafeteria, he could use some time to himself away from everyone. He was taking out his books when John took the sit opposite to him. It took all his willpower not to roll his eyes.
‘Oh. Thank you for the forethought. I suppose that after spending so much time with me something has to be learnt.’
‘A case? How come?’ At this he looked sheepish, bashful even. This gave him away that is was a “bit not good” situation.
Everything was fine. They just had to find Moran before whoever that was found them.
John could see the tension raising on his shoulders. ‘Here.’ He said passing Sherlock his phone trying to lighten his mood. He hadn’t seen him as cheerful and carefree as he had that morning prior to this. He smiled back at the offer.
Sherlock decided to just nod and left. They were in the same lesson, so they surely had to see each-other at least twice a week. He was definitely looking forward to the laboratory session.
‘Well, that was certainly weird. Back to you, don’t let him get into your head and mess with what he sees in you. He will always take advantage of that.’
‘But you promised to spend New Year’s eve with us! My parents are coming tomorrow.’ He could practically see Sherlock standing from his sit by the window in his demand. Anxiety was evident in his voice, he hated having his plans changed. He couldn’t avoid a small chuckle at the image of a distressed Sherlock. How could people not like him?
As they arrived with a couple of minutes to spare, Sherlock suspected Mycroft had something to do with that but there was no way to know. Going into the theatre was filled with dread, it was obvious that something was wrong if Sally had decided to call them in even though she’s the first one to kick them out. As he walked through the backstage, he saw the faces of those around, sorrow was so thick it was almost tangible. They all stared at him as they made their way towards the body, it came almost as a surprise when he came face to face with a bloodied grin.
‘Yes her! The thing is. The police is assuming that the murderer was a man because of how gruesome they are, and the man in custody just falls perfectly into the entire scheme. Well, the woman told me that she would take me to the actual murderer. She told me that she wanted out from the whole business and that for her to be able to find an exit, the police must take the murderer out.
‘You’re texting Mycroft? Are you sure that doesn’t mean that I have to text him from your phone as you often seem to just forget to contact anyone?’
‘You know it will take him a while to let you back on the cases, don’t you? Especially after you chased away his girlfriend.’ Said John as an explanation to his current situation.
Surprise and annoyance filled Sherlock. Why, after so many years of “not gay” he was surly going to be rejected. She seemed to understand him ‘trust me Sherlock, just tell him.’ Her smile betrayed no deception, he knew he could trust her and her advice. A plan began forming in his mind, he could see all the possibilities for the conversation he was going to have.
‘But I did.’ They all turned to him half expecting an explanation and half hoping it wasn’t as he said. ‘She came to me before Moriarty and had a lovely little chat. As our dear professor began to lose his grasp on reality, she began to fear what he could do.’
Moriarty’s grin changed from amusement to cruel. Sherlock began wondering if this was his plan all along. ‘Moran, kill John.’
Hello everyone. Next chapter is the last chapter as I want finish but have been otherwise engaged in trying to make sense of my dissertation. I hope you like how it turns out in the end. I would like to extend it a bit but felt like it was best to finish it.
This was the second time he was at the cafeteria. So much people milling about, talking, playing games. It was just a tad too noisy, too much everything. His mind trying to sort through all the incoming information, the secret life of people. It was overwhelming how much could be seen, heard, smelled and touch, because people still stumbled against him as if he were a ghost.
‘We are sorry to announce that you won’t be able to go back to the army. Your shoulder suffered an important blow and there is some nerve damage. You broke your leg, and we are still worried about your head because of the severity of the impact. We have a couple of questions to ask. Just routine, it’s to assess further damages.’ Everything was so professional that Sherlock hated him from the moment he walked into the room. John turned back to him before assenting to the doctor. ‘What date is the last one you remember?’
‘Nothing, I’m just pondering the whole situation. It all feels unreal.’
‘And WHAT is so funny that you are trying so hard not to laugh?’ It was that statement and Sherlock’s look that did him. He was laughing so hard that it took him a moment to notice that Sherlock was stuffing what reactants he could into his bag.
‘You never told me about her.’
‘Brilliant!’ Blurted John as he finished. Both grinned.
‘I’m still unconvinced.’ Said Mycroft.
‘Not everyone is as dreadful as you think. You should give someone the chance. I’m not saying that you should just put blind trust on me, I’m just saying that things do change.’
‘Welcome back to the land of the living. How are you feeling? Listen, I know yesterday, and quite possibly the past days as well, I’ve been letting you behind, but it’s not because I don’t enjoy your company. Quite contrary, I do miss it and your witty comments and remarks upon anything we come across.’
Sherlock couldn’t avoid noticing that he hadn’t lashed back. ‘Are you waiting for something? Expecting me to give you something? Do your workload through the term?’ His insecurities were chasing him. Experience told him that those who dedicated themselves to sports were likely to hunt him down. He most definitely hadn’t fled a bunch of brutes just to land in the path of another one.
‘Well, you don’t exactly call me by mine.’
When the professor announced the end of the lesson, he couldn't dash fast enough out the door. In fact, with everyone standing and moving things or asking to their peers about their schedules, he was again approached by John. 'Hey!' called out John from somewhere behind him, 'wait up, please!'
‘My brother loves to see me suffer. I had the worst weekend in my entire life because of him.’ He was clearly sulking, and aware that anyone with half a brain would be able to notice. He couldn’t care less.
Alone was what he had. Alone protected him.
‘Jim Moriarty! I’m so glad you finally came out to play. We haven’t been properly introduced Sherlock Holmes.’ A shiver ran up his spine, he was about to find the man that lurked in the shadows moving everyone as a puppeteer. He took his stance and tried to look defiant while all he wanted to do was grab John by the sleeves and pull him until they were outside.
“Oh please! Don’t be so dramatic. You love living with me or you would’ve gone out the window after the first couple of days.” He was smirking knowingly; John could do nothing but shake his head. He was unbelievable, and right. As always.
‘A nightmare through and through darling. Guess we’ll have to postpone dinner.’ She winked at them.
‘Addressing different points that must be addressed as soon as possible, I’ll have you know that I’m gay.’ John’s expression softened at the declaration. He couldn’t stand pity no matter from who he was getting it. ‘Second of all, what are you still doing here when I know that you have a date with Mary, I won’t die in the next couple of hours just because there was no one in my room. In fact, I don’t need you at all.’
‘No, he is dating this blond woman…’
It was that very night that Sherlock began to move. He called the remaining 4 members of his network that were in, and sold the information as crucial. As expected, they had someone stalk Wiggins’ every move. Everything was going as planned. Or so we thought.
Molly just smiled, she already knew him so well even though their friendship was a couple of months old. He couldn’t understand what was it that made him trust her, maybe he would never really know. She was still here, and she was mildly able to do stuff and keep up with his brain. This could work.
‘You say adult but I’m certain you’re only a couple of years older than me. How much are you getting for getting rid of a couple of accountants? I’m sure that they weren’t aware that whatever job they were doing was part of a criminal network. I also hope you were able to study for tomorrow's exam.’
He had some microwave dinner and was waiting for the noisy racket that accompanied the New Year’s festivities as people just love to create clutter and trash, that without including the impact on the air quality. Depression was a looming darkness over his head and an ice-cold feeling pressed against his heart in his ribcage. Logic told him everything was in his mind, but sentiment was not backing down. Misery was an all-consuming monster that creeps into people’s mind and tarnishes every happy memory into a monstrous disaster.
‘You have a house in London?’ Was everything John could muster after having crossed Vauxhall bridge and entering a residential area.
He hadn’t been paying attention to the room, just as yesterday he was a mere ghost among them. Just as yesterday, the rest of the students avoided him like one would avoid a nasty disease. He was used to be treated like a pariah, it shouldn’t bother him, but the fact was that it did. One of the main reasons why he had decided to begin his degree, had been the hope that someone would at least talk to him.
“Come on John. It’s time.”
‘So! First class and you look upset. Everything alright?’ The amount of energy and cheerfulness that John Watson had every morning was sometimes unsettling. In the short time Sherlock had known him, he had never looked upset or down about anything. Perhaps that was about to change.
‘I don’t want to be rude but I don’t really think we have ever met.’
‘Sherlock, what are you working on?’ He eyed him warily sidewise, almost as if he was expecting scathing comments or vicious remarks. It surprised him to know so little from this boy that had taken a liking in him, and yet he knew almost everything he considered important with just a glimpse.
Sherlock is kept out of a case, he is expecting John to leave him.
Unable to answer back, his mind made the connection that those were his screams. Everything happened through a haze. Sherlock was pressing down on his shoulder with his whole weight, in his panic he was hurting him without realising that he was doing it. People began gathering, he could barely make out the distressed screams from the neighbours and bystanders who stopped either when the window broke or when he screamed.
Meeting him felt almost like fate. A tedious one that brought him both happiness as much as confusion as he had no idea how to solve everything that went in his mind. Suicide apart, and the 2 years that he though Sherlock was dead created a gap in their relationship that often felt like he was drowning. He was lost without his blogger.
As John jumped and grabbed Moriarty, Sherlock heard the distinct “click” of a gun ready to fire. John immediately turned to his left and released Moriarty as Mary was aiming at Sherlock. He felt his blood run cold as she made her way to him without lowering her weapon.
‘Are you his handler or something?’
Sherlock confronts Mary Morstan.
Sherlock grinned. ‘This was clearly planned and perpetrated by at least three persons, two holding him and the other person to do the writing. So, this was clearly a warning, not to me mind you, but to whoever is really involved. Although it is clear that they belong to the same crime organisation that has been pestering us. That much is clear from my name, but I think my name is a warning to my brother, someone saying “this could happen to him.” As the man’s face displays a victory grin, I also think that someone within the organisation is going to act against the murderers. Take that in consideration when you find a couple of bodies either overdosed or in pieces. I wouldn’t worry much about them, but one of this man’s friend is a heavy user.’
‘No, I don’t think I’m fine.’
'What could you possibly want or need from me?' answered Sherlock suddenly feeling very defensive, this was how things always began, a statement they couldn't believe or was a secret, and then a fist to his face. He was most definitely ready.
‘Bloody hell mate! I’d thought you’d be a squeaking tadpole!’ Sherlock couldn’t help but blush at the comment.
‘The crime scene? You go into crime scenes?’
‘Wait, what? Through the window?’ She held her bag close to her as a nervous habit.
‘I’m not deaf! Stop talking about me and get her to read the article. It should take her a couple of minutes.’ Came the reply from the kitchen. When John turned around to face him, Sherlock was coming back with a couple of fizzy drinks and a pack of Mycroft’s biscuits.
‘Are you alright? If this is too much we can get you in a protection programme or something. You’re still too young to deal with all of what’s going on.’ Her voice sounded uncertain and insecure to his ears, she was warily observing them as to assess their reactions. Sherlock could feel John’s apprehension and took a step back to see the whole body.
‘Mycroft!’ Screamed he with a broken voice as he saw his brother approach him running down the hall. He had been kept out of the loop on what was going on in the surgery, and the hours ticked by only adding to his distress. ‘Mycroft! Please! Do something!’
“Really John? Must you romanticise everything you write?” Sherlock reading over his shoulder startled him, after all this time it was surprising how silent he moved around.
‘Be relieved that I’ll take that into consideration brother dear, but do consider that I did promised both our parents that I’d keep you safe and away from danger. I think this qualifies within that scope so I will keep you away from the whole investigation.’ John turned to Sherlock and placed a hand in his shoulder as if to anchor him in the moment, and avoid him jumping into Mycroft and punching him in the face. ‘However,’ added Mycroft immediately sensing what his brother was about to do, ‘I will keep you informed of what is going on through the investigation, and will bring you pieces of information at least once every week. I will talk to Lestrade about this, and you are not to investigate without someone of the police force by your side. Am I clear?’
They get pulled deeper in the problem.
It took practically his entire willpower not to roll his eyes at her expression. She was so fake that it sometimes baffled him how no-one could perceive her true intentions as they were. Although, perhaps that was the whole point, to see if John was unaware of what was going on around him and make the decision if he could be spared or not. They couldn’t keep the number of bodies growing outside of the PA’s that had been found.
That’s when John noticed the reflection. Without thinking he ran to push Sherlock out of the way and tripping in his haste. They barged though the window and fell from the second floor, John tried to move their bodies so that they were in the right position so that their bodies could absorb and redirect the impact. Once on the ground it took him a moment for his adrenalin to go down for him to realise that he was in pain.
Suddenly reality was more of a burden than simple existence and the pass of time. John looked troubled and Sherlock was uncertain of what to do to make it better, it was just a matter of time before the thought strikes him that maybe Sherlock needed him in the dark so that he could gather enough information. He couldn’t expose him like that, it was immediately ruled out.
For Sherlock, it was as if the world stopped for a moment. He furrowed his brows in confusion and prompted John to continue with a simple, 'pardon me?'
‘Fine, you go out with her. I still must see Molly in the afternoon as she keeps having issues. I don’t know why she even enrolled in the course if she can’t do the things that are asked, or understand what is being said.’
. “So they knew the other person enough for them to get close and throw a well placed stab.”
Wishful thinking. They asleep shortly after.
The first message was from Mycroft, it simply read “What have you gotten yourselves into this time?”
‘No! It’s for a case.’ He mustered as serious as he could.
‘Sherlock! This way!’ The moment he heard John’s voice, it was as if someone had thrown him a lifeline. He instinctually took hold of it and didn’t let go. It was easy to pinpoint from where it was coming, and easier when John raised his hand for him to follow. And while Sherlock Holmes never followed, he’d trust John any day.
‘No wait! It’s me who you want. Who will send a message to Mycroft if you get rid of him? He tolerates John because he’s important to him, but if you really want to have power over Mycroft you need me. Send John to carry the message.’ Mary stood still waiting for an order as Moriarty looked pensive as if he was pondering the situation even if he wasn’t. Sherlock could see how the decision had been made the moment he passed John as if he was nothing but a pawn in the board. Disposable, a mean to an end.
‘You know you can leave, right? It’s not mandatory for you to stay when there’s nothing to stay for. I know about your date tonight, you are constantly checking your phone. You should just leave.’ He was closing himself to the rest of the world. It wasn’t the first time, and he was certain that it wouldn’t be the last time. ‘I mean, it’s Saturday, after all. Everyone likes to go out and have some fun. You should, rather than stick with me babysitting.’
‘Well of course he had it already planned! Mycroft never does anything without a purpose. Perhaps he wanted to know if I had indeed stopped completely and could be left alone, but I can’t do anything until I turn 18… John! We have to live together!’
‘Sally?’ Asked John quietly as Sherlock sat straight interested on what was going on.
‘Fine, I guess I’ll meet you there.’
‘He sent me to a counselling group session.’ This surprised John, but he was also aware that it was a sore topic.
For that he’d be eternally grateful.
It took us 2 days to be able to return to Baker Street. Mycroft had ordered the doctors not to let Sherlock on the loose until they were sure no infection would come to his gunshot wound in the leg. It is hard to keep Sherlock in a single place without breaking havoc on a regular day, now imagine how things went with him on light pain meds just because they couldn’t give thing anything stronger. It was hellish, and I wasn’t cleared to live the hospital just to be by his side.
‘Well aren’t you happy today? Good thing you sent me a message stating that you were expecting me half an hour earlier than usual. There’s a reason why there aren’t more students running about.’ Said John as a reply while he made his way to the lab station at the end of the room.
They get to have a moment of their own. The chapter in which Sherlock finally tells John that he loves him.
Sherlock realises that he loves John with Molly's help. This is the beginning of everything.
“John. Please! Get some sense into his great, thick skull, because he might be a genius, but this plan is far too much. I really have no wish to explain why there’s now a dead civilian involved.” I could see he was almost defeated. I had no input. As far as I knew, this was the best alternative. Sherlock and I were only commodities; he gave them relevant information, and I was a doctor willing to treat them outside a hospital.
As things progress, Mycroft allows Sherlock to drop out of the group therapies with the condition that he should enroll into the tutoring programmes.
‘Hey! I know you’ve been avoiding me. You never come into the lab without texting me what weird interesting concoction you’re about to cook.’ He smiled at Sherlock and that smile melted all his barriers as they were not “Watson prove” in his mind. He was startled for a moment about how easy it was to allow him back to his side even though a part of him wanted to keep him away to protect him.
Sherlock left a boisterous laugh and crossed his arms. ‘I know that you have nothing planned for you aren’t talking to anyone other than me, and it is highly unlikely that you have any other classes with anyone just for the simple fact that they are in their second year, or failed. You’re about to graduate, it’s unlikely that you’d choose one of the idiots that are repeating the course as a suitable option. That, and you wouldn’t know the younger students. There is nothing attaching you to anyone but me.’
Hello everyone, I've underestimated my school load and have been unable to upload. Sorry for that. I'll be trying to keep up with my weekly uploads so as to keep the story moving. I wanted to do it parallel to this time, but I've messed up my own timeline. Things will be explained a bit later, I mentioned a case, but won't be giving out more. Hope you like it!
‘Sorry.’ She replied sheepishly after realising that she had zoned out. ‘I don’t think you should keep being my tutor I’ll ask for a change.’
By the end of the month Sherlock had enough information on the main 5 suspects and was beginning to develop a plan to uncover the true culprit. It is just as Sherlock to leave us in the darkness while he’s plotting and on the move.
‘He made me kill the PA’s even after they had given all the information. All the corpses were to be bared and moved to a location where it would be easy to think of a drug user having a fix gone wrong or a score. When I tried to stop he turned to one of the rings, which is why it was such a mess when you found the performer.’
‘Please don’t try to analyse me or I’ll ask you to leave.’ The comment broke into her train of thought bringing it to a halt and jostling her out of her mind.
‘Well just lend me your name and I’ll pay the rent.’ Said Sherlock while sitting down. John could see a sulk coming but decided to ignore it for a moment.
‘Holmes.’ Sherlock answered. John couldn’t avoid notice the uncertainty in his voice.
‘Oi! Don’t take all the credit. I know how you feel about John and I can tell that he’s the same.’ She hid her smile and Sherlock sent her a suspicious glance.
‘Thank you.’ To John’s surprise he unlocked it on the first try and opened the messaging app.
‘I meant how.’ He answered in the same fashion Sherlock had. Feisty.
Hi! I'm editing this chapter as well. Not much is changed, I'm just adding details to it.
As if on cue, his mobile pinged with an incoming text. John laughed at the speed in which Sherlock asked him, and was marvelled by how his brain could link so many thoughts to a single strand. He was enraptured by his intelligence. To John, Sherlock shone bright above everyone else, he didn’t realise that to Sherlock he was the sun.
He had hated winter holidays his entire life. For him, they were just another date filled with the tedious conundrum relative to the season. It had been early in his childhood that he discovered that the holidays held nothing but an excuse to spend money in useless things. He was certainly above all these things.
‘Lestrade, Watson and Holmes, pleasure to finally meet you in person.’ Said Sherlock as a greeting. He left John’s name first for him to ponder on who was who, and perhaps correct him later. It was the evident confusion in Lestrade’s face that made him wonder if the whole situation was all right.
‘Sherlock just shut up.’ With that he sat back down and John turned to see a flustered Molly.
Up to this point, Sherlock had regarded John as a fixed point in his life. Yes, he was planning on being deployed, but he still had a couple of months left. He had even planned for the time he was away, he was going to stay sober for him. This was unexpected and hit Sherlock with the realisation that people were not an extension of him. He could predict movements but not completely as human nature tends to be somewhat erratic, and this most certainly classifies as human nature.
‘Oh please, cut the act, I know you’re only faking’ Sherlock opened his eyes and glared at his captor. She simply sat there with a smug smile and a makeup that made her look a couple of years older. ‘Well, hello! There you are. Such beautiful eyes shouldn’t be kept hidden, you knew I was following you. Why not cut the chase short?’ She was wielding a firearm as if it was nothing. The weight was familiar on her arm as if it was an extension of her and no longer a tool. Sherlock could see that she was agile and to some extent invisible. She smiled.
‘I just needed to make sure you were alright.’
A blast from his right gave her enough cover for her to retreat. He was on his own against whoever came his way.
‘Getting better.’
‘He has only seen you once from afar that time I asked him to keep up for one of the meetings.’
“You are going to be the end of me.” Said John frowning and rubbing his eyes.
‘You’ve got to be pulling my leg.’ Said Lestrade a bit over his breath.
Sherlock was happy. Everyone could see it when they retired for the night. Getting ready the lilo in Sherlock’s room, their parents where in the guestroom, they joked for a bit before surrendering tired. ‘Thank you for being my friend John.’
‘Yes, but it wasn’t far enough for him not to recognise your mole within the enemy front.’ She shakes her head as if getting rid of something. ‘He’s got amnesia. Fuck! This is just going from bad to worse. Are you alright? Seriously. Both of you. I know you were a bit over a month at the hospital.’
‘He’s a sergeant at the Met. I send him the answer to his messages when he’s out of depth in a case. I’m sure he’ll be the head of homicides one day. What did the message said? He never writes first. Must be interesting.’
Sherlock pointed this out to Lestrade. The victims were targeted because they were weak points. If they had a background of being either heavy drinkers or frequent junkies, it was likely that they were an easy point to get crucial information. They were liabilities, and they couldn’t afford to lose money over something as stupid as a drunk man talking a bit too much. They had to be taken out in the most efficient way possible.
Molly could see the tension coming from Sherlock. It was obviously not his strong topic, and being unable to work around the task was causing him anxiety. Being unable to predict how society worked instantly ruled out Sherlock as a tutor for social sciences that were analysing the impacts and causes of situations. She understood that in his mind wars were nothing but a nuisance, and a problem that could be avoided if people “just observe what is so obvious as to avoid situations.”
After the short interaction that she had witnessed between John and Sherlock, she was certain that he was way out of his comfort zone. He hadn’t chosen her while he had the chance to choose John. Realisation hit her, that his exasperation came from the fact that she was a trespasser in his mind; while he wasn’t conscious of this decision, she acknowledged that their introduction was forced and strained making their acquaintance a dull point of existence. She was an outsider and an intruder to his mind.
‘My help? What makes you think I’ll help you when you tried to kill me and hurt John. Watson, you know? Medical student? Straight A’s and can’t remember most of January, February and March, was completely out for most part of March and April. You remember him? Well he doesn’t remember you because he fell out a window as a bullet went through him. Hideous wound, can’t play rugby, and won’t be able to follow his “dream” of being a surgeon in the army. Not that I’m complaining about the last part, but I’d given up seeing him every-day if it meant him being happy.’
‘Sorry, didn’t see you at first.’ Half a lie, but they didn’t have to know how overwhelming this was.
‘I’ll shoot you before you pull the trigger!’ Came Lestrade’s answer. She changed her aim to him.
Sorry for the delay and any confusions this chapter might bring. I changed how he met Molly deleting it from a past chapter.
‘How do you know all that?’ Panic rising, and Sherlock about to describe his deductions couldn’t possibly end well. As soon as Sherlock smirked, John knew he had to keep him from talking.
He went silence, John stared wide eyed looking for all the small information Sherlock was unaware he gave with small movements. He was trying to discern if what he was saying was true of if there were fabricated or modified realities, as he often liked to stretch information in order to get answers or reactions. It was sometimes impossible to keep up with everything that was constantly going on in his mind. The moment people were just about getting and understanding an idea or concept he had already devised at least one plan of action. He found it hard to keep himself away from him, it was exciting and intriguing to see his mind move.
‘Moriaty! No-one has to die tonight. We could get to an agreement of sorts or see that a ransom is payed. Let Sherlock and John out of this, it was me who got them involved in the first place.’ Sherlock could do little else than see his brother bargain with Moriarty as if he could nudge the spider sitting in a web while avoiding its bite. Moriarty’s dead eyes shined with his intellect and madness, he knew what he was doing and that Mycroft was about to sell his position pushed him to act on impulse.
‘Don’t get mad, we’re halfway through the term, perhaps you can apply for the next term?’
They are just dancing around each other. Irene makes a fast appearance to warn them. Is that jealousy?
‘Well, games don’t end late. He goes with us and leaves when the pub turns into too much of everything. Still, the team enjoy his company and his wit. He’s smarter than all of them and he’s about 4 years younger!’ They all laughed good before proposing a toast and welcoming the new year with light and happy company.
‘You. Calm down, you will not speak…’
‘No, he’s being more than an idiot.’
At the beginning it looked like what would be a straight-forward case. A gang meddling with the wrong people and someone ends dead. There was no apparent need to call Sherlock, except that every day for the next week a corpse would be found, and each one was a member of said gang. So, it was by the end of the week, with an alarmingly increasing body count, Lestrade payed us a visit. No need to mention that Sherlock was more than excited with the whole situation. 7 murders and no traceable lead.
‘It wasn’t a nice thing to do. You sent her away crying and broke his illusions of a life with her.’ Sherlock could practically see John rolling his eyes. He was just so clueless to social cues and so straightforward in the way he delivered his deductions, that people thought him heartless. If only they knew.
Sherlock could see the confusion and the annoyance. Flustered, he decided to continue. ‘No! That was an accident, and it happened just once! That’s not what I want to talk about.’
Sherlock decided to completely ignore the blond, he didn't got the message. Taking out pen and paper, he began making notes of the term's overview. 'Hey mate! John Watson.' He began, Sherlock was once again taken from his mind palace and focused on John. Rugby captain, a couple of years older, but not because of failing the subject, he most likely didn't had enough money to have the regular workload, smart then. Interesting.
‘I love you.’
‘Oi, Watson, you scaring the poor child! Whatever did you told him?’
He didn’t want to see it then.
‘Seriously? Of all the smart-questions you could’ve made you asked if he’s my “handler”? No wonder the NSY needs my tips.’ He was grinning like a satisfied cat. Perhaps this all would be easier if he showed what he can do. ‘You have recently joined the NSY, have a girlfriend who opposed to you getting into the force, but someone in your family was a police too, probably one of your parents, your father most likely, but who am I to judge. You are planning to propose to her going by the box on your desk, yes, I noticed which one is your desk through the process of elimination. People have come and go since the moment we stepped in and, even though you were already waiting for us, there’s one place in view that hasn’t been approached. That and the obvious plate. Is that enough for you? I could keep going all day.’
‘And you jumped into the Thames.’
‘John, we need to talk.’ The seriousness in his voice made John falter, and a splash of tea made its way to Mrs Hudson’s carpet. Sherlock made a note to clean it afterwards.
‘Well, I had a better deal with Holmes. He did say that he’d help me out of the network. I’d like him to keep his word. I’ll tell you everything you need to know to bring down every single operation and the rings that are involved. His network’s reach is international.’ She lowered her weapon and sat with her back to the wall.
“Would you say there are self defence wounds?” Said he after a moment. He has gone very still and was playing with an idea in his mind.
“You must understand that under no circumstance the devices will stop working and sending a live feed of everything you say.” I came to Baker Street to find Sherlock and Lestrade in a heated discussion. I couldn’t understand what Lestrade had previously said, but apparently the topic was Wiggins and his safety while they disregarded him. He just sat by the hearth with a bored expression. Even I could deduce that he had given up trying to give any sort of input to the discussion.
‘Please scream it a bit louder, I would like the whole school to know about this.’
Sherlock went to Scotland every time he could and made sure to take John with him. The fresh air came as a relief from the hot air from London, he could see that John enjoyed it as much as him. It was when they were on the road that realisation came to Sherlock like a shock.
It was when Sherlock began to pick his things that everyone went quiet. John decided it was best let him go and follow him. The rest of the team encouraged him to.
‘Hey Sherlock! How’s it been?’
Sherlock rolled his eyes and motioned to his laptop on the counter top. “Mine was too far.”
‘I’m sorry that your family doesn’t know how to appreciate you.’ Said Sherlock after a moment’s hesitation. He knew that his father was a heavy drinker and that his mother blamed her problems on him leaving for medical school. He never spoke about his sibling, he supposed brother because the signs that he had taken after their father were apparent. Women have always been less likely to fall into the addiction and fake warmth of alcohol. John avoided drinking if possible, but the way in which he regarded some of his friends when they were drinking spoke of a sibling’s worry.
‘John?’ He turned to Irene when he heard her calling his name, her face was somewhat unreadable as she carefully thought her words. ‘Has something happened? You are always right behind Sherlock but never breathless. What happened? You know me. Don’t you? You can trust me.’
‘Nah, they’re just here because Captain Watson has been sitting indoors for the past couple of days. The term is just beginning and you got a new fans club!’ Everyone in the table laughed, Sherlock felt like a fish out of water.
‘Sherlock Holmes?’ The call came from the front. It made John realise that their time was up. He noticed Sherlock’s façade built up. A pleasant smile and a charming demeanour, he was surprised by how fast the change was made. ‘I would rather have you siting in one of the tables at the front. Please come forward, you and your partner if you want, but sit at the front for the rest of the term. I was also asked to check your bag, so could you open it so I can see the contents in it?’
‘How come I can’t go through?’ Sherlock froze, a contingency plan took form in the few seconds he had before she opened the door and walked into the room as if she owned the place. ‘Oh darling! You finally woke up!’
‘What’s wrong with this one?’
John smiled, Sherlock was always either a whirlwind of energy, or a lazy cat and nothing could do anything to move him. As he expected, his parents were warm and caring. They took great interest in the fact that his youngest son had finally managed to make a friend; so much that he decided to tell them about Sherlock sitting with the rugby team and how he had tagged along after one or two games.
‘I wouldn’t expect the universe to give us just about enough time to gather our wits. I’ve been rereading the notes you gave me on the things that have happened since the last thing I remember, and thought that whoever is behind feels like a Bond villain.’
‘A date? Since when do you have a date?’ His nose was scrunched in his obvious distaste. How could John manage to get someone without him knowing about it? How did he missed it?
“I already told you it's not! It's a case book. I might publish it someday. People like reading about you.”
‘You, John Watson, amaze me. I had never seen Sherlock willingly go to crowded or noisy places.’
‘I’ll call Mary, I think we could do with a night in and some Chinese. Cheer up mate! I’m sure that at some point they’ll come crawling for your expertise. After all, who better than you to notice everything they miss?’ John was smiling at him and Sherlock could feel his heart beating so fast that for a moment he thought it was about to burst out of his chest.
‘Look at them. They all live in their happy little worlds, and I’m left alone. Or not alone, but in the outskirts of their world. If I were to go missing they wouldn’t notice unless they wanted me to explain a topic, reveal an affair or retrieve a stolen object. I’m an outcast. They unconsciously push me out of what composes their own worlds. And now here you are. An older student that, just as me, doesn’t fill their expectations of the lessons. You just approach me because I’m available.’
It was still hot at London, and through the UK it felt like summer was not going to end soon.
‘Such as?’
John sighed, it was going to be a long night trying to explain him how times worked, and tact. ‘Sherlock, you know I’m going tomorrow to see my family.’
‘What is going on is that he didn’t commit the past three murders. He’s far taller than the assailant, if it was him he should be at least your size. You are letting the situation muck your thinking and observation skills!’ He turned to Mycroft towards the end, that statement was clearly thrown at his in a despective manner as he often reminds John of his inability to see things as clear as he did. Both went silent for a moment, Sherlock was still fuming and his exasperation was as tangible as ever.
Perhaps John was just like him, not a proper genius considering that he was still doing his undergraduate programme to become a doctor. Although not everyone was well off economically as his family was.
‘Oh, don’t play coy on me Sherlock Holmes, it’s not a game you’d like to play against me. I could also ask you if you have spoken with John about your sexuality.’
‘I never thought you would walk the long way following streets. I sent him a message before we left.’
‘Ah! Moran, it was high time that you showed up rather than leaving me to deal with these two on my own. Have you met her already?’ Sherlock could see John was angry for not noticing her earlier. They were locked in a hopeless situation where Moriarty had the upper hand.
‘Nah, Mycroft rents it. He’s my older brother in case I had never mentioned.’
‘Have a nice trip John. You know that you can message me all day long if needed.’
‘Sorry guys,’ said Lestrade as he approached them hanging up his mobile, ‘Mycroft is on his way to meet you at the hospital, they want to make sure you are not on drugs.’
‘Hello brother dear, I know they think you tried to commit suicide, but to me it is transparent that you kept on investigating on your own contrary to what we told you to do. We’re not trying to thwart your attempts to keep on investigating, we want to keep you safe.’
‘It’s o.k. Sherlock, you have no idea how grateful that you are inviting me with your family.’
When he answered, Sherlock smirked. He had fallen into his trap. ‘Such as tomorrow’s lab. I know that you’re not repeating the course, but I still don’t trust you enough to let you go anywhere near my experiments. You’re going to pair with me for the final project, and end with a perfect mark.’
“How about, ‘The adventure of the dead thugs’?”
‘Will she be able to see John? His family did give me permission after all. Has she got any clearance? Do they know they were dating?’ Questions were fired as soon as they appeared in his mind, Mycroft could see how he was getting anxious as his brain supplied every possible scenario. There was still a possibility that she thought Sherlock had passed on the information as of who was the murderer.
‘Who are you?’ The question felt alien in his lips. It was so easy to see through everyone and when he needed it the most, he felt barren. Finding the words turned into a chore, but keeping whoever was talking to John had to feel in control of the situation. John always said there was a way out, he just had to find it.
