"I'll be okay." Castiel replied. Something just wouldn't let him agree to go and stay with Dean, and no matter how much Castiel tried to figure it out, the reason alluded him.
He dreaded the moment he would feel the first contact with the man, and as fuck up as it sounded, a part of him wanted this to happen, badly. A part of him wanted to be fucked mercilessly without even being prepped because he deserved it. For saying the things he said. For being the most revolting person in world, selfish and a fucking asshole.
"I can't." He said defeated. He wasn't even that scared if the water anymore, it was only up to his waist, and he could just stand up at any given time. He was scared of failing, of Castiel having invested his time in him and him ending up one big disappointment. Like he always was to everyone around him.
Cas lets out another loud moan "Dean! Ahhh.... ngh.... oh fuck!" he cries out and Dean feels him tighten around their cocks. Cas' body trembles between them, then he feels the other Dean tremble as well and soon his cock is covered in hot wetness inside Cas as he thrusts again deep, releasing his load into Cas as well. All three men cry out as their orgasms roll through their bodies, falling into comple ectasy together.
Cas inched up the bed until their knees met. Dean reached out with one of the ear buds and placed it in Cas' right ear, making sure it was in place. His hand lingering on the side of Cas' face, probably a little longer than was completely necessary. Dean pulled the other bud up to his ear, but the cord was shorter than he thought and he had to lean in a little in order for it to reach. Cas mimicked his movement and their foreheads were less than six inches apart. Dean looked up at Cas, catching his soft gaze, a smile playing at his lips. "Are you ready to listen to some amazing music Cas?"
Castiel grabbed the gifts and packages of cookies from the back seat. He heft a small sigh before opening the door and walking up the stairs.
Cas blinks his eyes, shaking his head slightly as he looks at Dean across the table. He notices his hand is on his neck rubbing lightly and he quickly drops it into his lap. "hmm?" he manages
Castiel grabbed the gifts and packages of cookies from the back seat. He heft a small sigh before opening the door and walking up the stairs.
Cas breathes in a sharp gasp as his body jerks and he bites his lip. Dean drops them on the bed beside them, reaching up and running his thumb over Cas' bottom lip. "I told you, I want to hear you. Don't hold back" his hand drags back down his body, running over his nipple again before he leans forward swirling his tongue over the hot skin, then lightly blows over the wet skin.
"nnnoo..." Castiel stuttered when he finally found his voice. He wrapped his arms around Dean's neck and pulled him in for another kiss, this one held a little more passion as Castiel took control, gliding his tongue over Dean's lips before he opened up to him and met his tongue with his own. The kiss deepened as Dean ran his hands under Cas' shirt and up his back, pulling him in as close as he could.
Dean's expression is one of surprise, his eyes are wide, and his mouth gapes a little after Cas pulls away. Cas hears a small huff escape him before he clears his throat. "uh, Cas?" Dean asks slowly "What exactly was that?" His voice is surprisingly calm.
Dean moaned, rubbing his slick cock against Cas' ass, precum beading out of the tip at the sound of Castiel begging for it.He moved his hands to Cas' hips and gripped him tight, his cock rutting up against Cas' crack, not pushing in just slowly rubbing up and down, teasingly. Cas' arms gave way and he was now laying face down on the bed, his ass still straight up in the air, and Dean couldnt take it. He wanted to see Cas' face... No he needed to see his face. He backed up slightly and got a better grip on Cas' hips and flipped him quickly. A task that would not have been easy if the angel wasnt completely lost in desire.
Making his way to the back he saw the young man who had been their waiter heading out the back door, he caught his eye and the blue eyed man smiled at him. Dean looked around making sure it was in fact him that blue eyes was smiling at, he bit his lip and nodded, and Dean followed him out the door.
"Cas? I want to touch you..." Dean says, his eyes pleading as his fingers unbuckle his belt and then move to his pants opening them slowly. Cas casts his eyes down, afraid if he looks at Dean whatever spell has been cast will break. Dean's finger hooks under his chin lifting his face, green meeting blue with burning passion. "Can I touch you?" he asks, and Cas simply nods his head. "Tell me Cas, can I touch you?"
Castiel went into the kitchen to finish cleaning up after breakfast. When he heard the door close and Dean's Impala roar to life in the driveway he walked out into the foyer just in time to see the car back out down the drive. He wasn't sure how much time he'd have before Dean got back, so he quickly rushed to the bathroom, stripping off his cloths and starting the water. He opened the medicine cabinet, moving things around, he found what he was looking for. He took and set the small jar on the side of the tub, before climbing in under the spray of the hot water. He quickly washed his hair and body,  letting the hot water pour over him. He took a deep breathe to calm his anxiousness. He had been wanting this for so long with Dean. Now here he was, in Dean's apartment,  standing naked in his shower, washing with his shampoo and body wash. And soon,  he would have Dean's hands all over him. Castiel smiled at the thought.
Castiel gave Dean another quick peck and pulled away, heading toward the kitchen. He was going to make Dean and Darla his breakfast specialty, French toast. Once he was in the kitchen he made quick work of figuring out where everything was that he needed and pulled it all out onto the counter. He was so focused, that he hadn't noticed Dean had followed him and was now watching him from the doorway. He gave him a quick smile and waved him away with his hand. "I've got this, now go and spend the morning with your daughter" he said, turning to the refrigerator and grabbing the eggs.
Deans tongue flicks over the head of his cock, "Do you need me to stop?" he asks, teasing his tongue over the sensitive skin.
Dean chuckled pulling Cas into him, latching onto his neck as his hands wandered over  back. "You know, for a moment, when I woke up this morning, I thought last night was just a dream."
Cas paused at the car, looking at his always righteous man, the man he had pulled from purgatory all those years ago. The man who had been everything to Cas for so long. Dean puts his phone away and looks at him "Where to Cas?" The question hangs in the air for a moment before Cas simply grabs the door handle of the Impala and slides into the leather clad front seat. He takes a deep breath, there are so many memories in this car for him, and he knows there are even more for Dean. He takes in the smell of the leather and of Dean, he's missed this so much, missed the comfort of having Dean around.
Woke up this morning a little...  Well you know...  Went in to reply in a RP...  And this happened....  Here you go!
Dean moved his hand to Castiel's chest, pushing the angel onto his back once more. He trapped Cas' right thigh between his and slowly rutted up against him. Their kiss had softened a bit, as their tongues explored each other's mouths, soft moans escaping them occasionally. Dean ran his hand over Cas' flushed chest slowly, and then down his side, even slower, like he was counting the ribs beneath the taught hot skin. When his hand got to Castiel's hip, Dean let it linger there, thinking about how he could spend and eternity just worshipping those hips. Cas moaned into his mouth and moved his hips a little impatiently, and Dean snapped out of his trance and moved his hand to Cas' soft cock.
"Do you have a lead on a case Sam? I'll come with you." Dean sat up, pushing the blankets aside and his hand hit something. His head snapped to his left and there was Cas, sitting on the bed.
"He certainly did. You must have been a VERY good girl this year Darla." Castiel said with a smile of his own. This was something about Christmas that he missed every year, not having a family of his own. He remembered the joy of Christmas morning from when he was growing up, the joy and wonder at what Santa had brought, the twinkling of the lights against the shiny wrapping paper under the tree. This was his favorite part, the calm that came before the rising of the sun, that moment right before light burst across the sky.
"Okay baby" Dean says grabbing a small white feather from the box as well as a small bottle of warming lube, placing them on the bed for easy access. He pulls out the vibrator, turning it on, listening to it 'whir' as it shakes in his hand. "hmmmm..." he hums as he ponders the possibilities.
Dean sighed as he leaned against the door. He found himself anxious, he couldn't wait for next week's movie club meeting.
Dean chuckled before grabbing the back of Castiel's head and pulling him into a deep kiss. "I'm going to devour you later. I hope you know that." he sighed
Cas felt Dean move his other hand behind him and grab Cas' left thigh for purchase as he ground down onto Cas' right between his legs, pulling backwards forcing Cas' hand on his cock to the tip and without hesitation thrust forward. Castiel kept his grip tight and held his hand in place as Dean began to fuck it. He continued kissing and biting Dean's neck, his tongue darting out and running over the teeth marks and bruises he's left all over the hunter's neck. He loves marking him, claiming him, loves that he can make Dean go crazy like this, loves the feel of him losing control in his arms.
Dean's fingers work their way with ease into Cas, as his mouth continues sucking his hard leaking cock. He's impressed with how well Cas is taking all of this stimulation, knowing without a doubt, he would have already cracked, but not Cas. His mouth slides off his cock with a loud wet pop. "God you're such a good boy for me Angel."
Once again Dean trails his hand down the length of Castiel's body, slowly, deliberately as if memorizing every inch of him. When his hand reached Cas' cock, he gives it a small amount of attention before slipping further down and teasing Cas' hole once again, and Cas moans, hips raising to meet his gently pressing fingers.
Castiel took off his shoes and jacket, and walked into the living room. He was looking at photos of Dean and Darla when heard the sound of little feet running down the hall, turning he saw Darla come running in her Christmas nightgown. "Castiel, Santa's coming tonight! I need to put out his cookies and milk" Castiel chuckled as she ran into the kitchen her hair bouncing as she went.
Castiel finished making the French toast, and delighted in the he way both Dean and Darla devoured the plate he had set on the table. After breakfast Darla asked to watch a movie, so after clearing the table, they made their way to the living room. Dean and Darla picked out a movie and Castiel got comfortable on the couch.
The night air blew through the curtains as Dean watched a movie, his nightly ritual. He always allowed himself 2 hours in the evening to relax and enjoy the multitude of other worlds film captured. Film was a passion of his, while contemplating college majors, it only just barely lost out to photography and even so he did take "Intro to film" his freshman year. He would have continued with a double major had his photography classes not demanded so much of his time. Still, he enjoyed a well put together film, and many times would find himself questioning the thoughts behind blockbuster films and the people who seemed to flock to them. "To each their own" he would think and move on to more important things.
"Hey Cas, Thanks for coming by" He smiled, and Castiel felt his heart start beating a little faster.
Castiel sighed at the loss of warmth when Dean pulled his had away as they pulled into the driveway. "You wanna come up for awhile?" Dean asked, turning off the car.
Castiel saw movement out of the corner of his eye and turned to see Dean standing in the doorway just watching. His eyes were soft and a gentle smile played across his lips. Those soft, beautiful lips, and all at once Castiel could feel himself blush at the memory of how those lips felt against his own.
Dean groaned, kissing into the angel's mouth again, deeply until they both were gasping for air."Yea Cas. We can definitely do more of that."
"Alright Dean." Cas shifted, unfolding and swinging his legs to the side of the bed and paused, looking back toward Dean. "Dean, would it be ok." He hesitated.
Castiel grabbed dean's hips and stopped his movement. "Dean, wait." Castiel said moving his head to look at Dean. "Are you telling me you're a virgin?"
"Why not?" Jimmy asked as he stepped closer. "We're all intelligent adults, who are more than capable of making our own decisions" He stopped less than a foot in front of him "Tell us you don't want this and we'll leave."
"Cas..." Dean's voice broke between the moans. "Please Cas... n...need you... inside me...please" He begged hitching his hips back into Castiel "please Cas, I need you to fuck me NOW!"
When they broke the kiss again panting, they looked at each other with lidded eyes and smiled. "Merry Christmas Cas." Dean said softly, nuzzling into his neck. "thank you Dean, this is the best Christmas ever" Castiel replied running his fingers into his hair, he had never been happier about saying yes to going to church in his life.
Dean inhales sharply at the touch, and he can feel his  cock start to swell. There's a soft chuckle in his ear, "Yes, I can feel that too" and his hand slips lower, underneath the elastic band of his pants. Dean feels Cas' breath catch as he discovers Dean isn't wearing any boxers. The moan that escapes Cas' lips in his ear, does him in and his cock twitches. Kisses grow deeper on his neck as Castiel's rough hand reaches even further, touching softly the soft, hot skin of Dean's cock. Cas' fingers wrap around him lightly and Dean cannot help but buck his hips forward into the touch. Cas mouths his neck kissing, biting and licking, and Dean thinks if he continues to do that, he wont last long, and he wants this to last forever. In his angel's arms, touching him like this, there's never been a better moment to be Dean Winchester .
Dean bit his lip and moaned, pressing his ass back into Castiel as he rutted against him. "yes, god yes, please Cas, make me scream."
This is my first time writing wing!kink. I wasn't exactly sure how to do it, but I hope ya'll like it!
"That's not fair, you know... uhhh... ohhh.... thats the worst thing you can do to me" Cas says straining his head as Dean continues to run his thumb over the sensitive skin.
When the song ended Cas looked up at Dean, his eyes positively glowing. And, oh my god, Dean thought, were those tears? Dean's eyebrows twisted in question. "Cas, are you ok?" leaning in a little coser, "are you crying?" He reached out and placed his hand on Cas' shoulder.
Dean lifts out the ball gag "I'm not going to use this though" he says tossing it aside. "I want to be able to hear you" Dean flicks his tongue over Cas' lips "I love the noises you make"
When he pulled up in front of Dean's apartment, he took a moment to calm his nerves. He and Dean had known each other for years, but it was only recently that Castiel had begun developing feelings that were more romantic in nature. It had started when he stopped by for a quick visit and Dean was getting ready for work. Castiel didn't know exactly what it was, but when Dean had taken off his sweatshirt, and his white t-shirt had risen up a little revealing the smooth tan skin on his stomach, it had brought forward a strong desire to slam him against the wall and kiss him silly. He had quickly excused himself after that, but he hadn't been able to stop thinking about him. even having vivid dreams about Dean coming over to his apartment so that Castiel could make dinner for him.
She giggled and took his hand, pulling him toward the tree "Come see what else I got Castiel" Castiel willingly followed where she pulled him, watching as she swooped down grabbing her gifts and telling him about them. Dean had moved to the couch, it was his turn to watch. When Castiel looked at him, he saw a softness to his face that was reserved for Darla, one of love and admission, only Dean wasn't just watching Darla, he was looking at him too. Castiel got lost for a moment looking at Dean, when all of a sudden Darla squealed. "Oooh! Daddy look!" both sets of eyes quickly moved to the little girl who had a huge smile on her face and was pointing above Castiel's head. He knew in an instant that he had once again stopped under the mistletoe. "Mistletoe Castiel! You know what that means right?" she giggled.
"I have a pretty good idea, but please feel free to tell me as often as you like. I don't think I'll ever get tired of hearing you tell me. I love you too Dean, always."
Dean once agian pulls his fingers away and Cas lets out a little whimper at the loss. But soon he feels the thick head of Dean's cock pressing against his hole and he lets out another moan. He feels the pinching burn as Dean slowly guides his cock into him. Cas holds his breath until Dean slides all the way in. They both breathe together, faces mere inches apart as they look into each others eyes. Cas' tries to relax, letting his body adjust to the intrusion, Deanis bigger than he imagined, and it takes him longer than he'd like. But all of a sudden the pinching pain is gone and the pleasure sets in. Cas moans as he rolls his hips into Dean, who in turn closes his eyes and moans as his hips slowly start rocking their bodies together.
Dean immediately grabbed the base of his cock with his hand and started flicking his tongue over its length,  Castiel's face flushed with embarrassment at his desperation. But Dean was too distracted in running his tongue,  lips and even his teeth ever so gently over his dick that he didn't seem to even notice. Castiel pushed those feelings aside and reveled in the sensations running  through his body. His hips rocking gently into Dean's touches,  whimpering noises escaping his parted lips.
Dean's eyes widen "How... how do you know how many drinks I've had?" he asks, his words only a little slurred
I've even taken to avoiding walking past his building, even though it means I have to cross the street twice in order to avoid it on my way to the post office. Which is what I was doing yesterday when all of a sudden, there he was, standing right before me as I opened the door. The air rushed out of my lungs as I looked up at his face, a faint bruise still surrounding his eye, his beautiful green eyes. I licked my lips as I looked at his beautiful, kissable pink ones, the cut on his lip barely noticeable. I heard him clear his throat and met his eyes again and managed a soft smile.
Dean's expression is one of surprise, his eyes are wide, and his mouth gapes a little after Cas pulls away. Cas hears a small huff escape him before he clears his throat. "uh, Cas?" Dean asks slowly "What exactly was that?" His voice is surprisingly calm.
"Yea, we kind of kissed in the alley." Castiel sighs "I don't know what came over me Jo, he's just... so..." Castiel sighs again. "I want him Jo... and I definitely don't want him going home with that old creep"
Castiel steps closer, his eyes never leaving Dean's face. "I've been watching you since you got here Dean." He says, his voice low and gravely.
Dean pulls his fingers free, his body sliding up Cas'. He places a hand into Cas' hair holding his head as he kisses him deeply before standing up off the bed.
"Yea , come on Cas" Dean said reaching around his shoulders and pulling him in closer. "I'll save the biting for later" he whispered before Cas snuggled into him and Darla crawled up onto his lap. She snuggled in under Dean's other arm, her legs draped over both of their legs. They all settled in and watched the movie, Dean absently running his fingers through Castiel's hair the whole time.
His muscles clenching tightly around Castiel as he continued to thrust into him, two, three, four thrusts before his own orgasm took over his body. "OH, Dean!" he cried as he spilled his seed into him and collapsed onto his body, panting together as his orgasm shook through him.
Dean still couldn't wrap his mind around the fact that this was the future, his future... could it really get this bad this fast? He wandered through the dark camp, earning looks that were either angry confusion or fearful respect, depending on who the person thought he was. He had other things to worry about than what the people in this camp thought of him. Like how the hell he was going to get back to his time and stop this future from ever happening. He couldn't become this person, he couldn't allow this to happen.
Dean's chest tightened at the mention of his ex's name. "it was all trash, I told him we weren't interested."
Cas is searching Dean's face for any indication of how real this is, is he really here in his room with him right now? His mind flashes to his fantasy of wanting Dean to slam him against the wall. Of Dean's lips of his, his hands running over his body... Cas isn't sure how long he is lost in the fantasy this time, but he is pulled into the now when he feels Dean's hands on his, moving them from his belt. "Dean" he says, barely more than a whisper.
The soft blush already painting his cheeks brightens a little and spreads down his chest. "anything you want baby" he smiles as he kisses Dean again.
She giggled again before running over to Dean and grabbing his hand, pulling him off the couch and toward Castiel. "Now it's your turn daddy. You gotta give Castiel a kiss too!" Castiel felt his face flush, and was surprised to see color rising in Dean's cheeks as well. "C'mon you gotta, its the rules"
Dean let out a low groan and pushed Castiel back into the counter "What if I desire to have you on this here counter? "
He turned his head, biting into the thick flesh of Dean's thigh, making him flinch and grind down harder onto his face. Castiel got lost in the smell and taste of Dean as he licked every inch he could reach, sucking his balls into his mouth and rolling his tongue over them, his hand still stroking his cock. Dean moved a fraction of an inch higher and Castiel has full access to his hole, licking and probing it until Dean was moaning his name above him.
Dean sighed, he didnt want to think about anything outside of this room right now, but instead he sat up, suspecting it was time for him to be responsible, even though he just wanted more sexy fun time with Castiel. "You said you're 18 in a couple months right?"
"Yea, we kind of kissed in the alley." Castiel sighs "I don't know what came over me Jo, he's just... so..." Castiel sighs again. "I want him Jo... and I definitely don't want him going home with that old creep"
Dean inched closer, trying to listen to Cas' singing. He had been trying to hear him sing for weeks now. But somehow Cas always knew when he was around, and stopped. Dean held his breath, trying to be as quiet as possible, but today was no exception. "Hello Dean" Dean froze at the sound of Cas' voice.
Dean furrows his brow slightly "So, am I just going to drive aimlessly, or are you going to tell me where you're staying?"
"Never... Cas... never has anyone ever made me come like that." Dean moaned, trying to regain use of his legs.
Dean immediately grabbed the base of his cock with his hand and started flicking his tongue over its length,  Castiel's face flushed with embarrassment at his desperation. But Dean was too distracted in running his tongue,  lips and even his teeth ever so gently over his dick that he didn't seem to even notice. Castiel pushed those feelings aside and reveled in the sensations running  through his body. His hips rocking gently into Dean's touches,  whimpering noises escaping his parted lips.
Dean sighed, then opened the door to let them in. Jimmy and Castiel walked into his living room and took over, ejecting the dvd he was watching and put in the new one. They spread out the snacks on the floor and took pillows from the couch so they could lay out. Dean sat behind them on the couch and the movie started. After about 15 minutes he began to relax. There was nothing wrong here, just friends watching a movie together. 'Sure Dean, tell yourself that, as you're checking out Cas' ass in those tight jeans.... Fuck! Stop it, just watch the movie' He thought, forcing his eyes to stay on the television and the movie that was now playing.
The connection between them was more than sexual, it was spiritual... they were sharing a soul. "Cas... I... *ugn* I..." Dean moaned as the angel laid gentle kisses on his neck.
That had been almost a month ago, try as he might, Dean had not been able to convince Cas to listen to a different song. He was stuck on this one, listened to it on constant repeat, depleting the battery, and getting irritated that he couldnt listen to it as it charged. Dean had picked up a docking station, but was afraid to let Cas know, because as much as Dean loved the song, he didn't want to listen to it over and over.
Darla raced out to the kitchen and Cas followed, taking off his coat and hanging it on the back of the stool that sat next to the counter. Darla had already opened the oven door when he got there and he could see the cookies were indeed done.ordering on too done.
So here they are sitting in this nice restaurant, Dean trying not to be disgusted with his "date" and his rude, crass comments. Especially about and to their waiter, a very attractive man with blue yes and dark hair, and the most beautiful full lips he'd ever seen. Sure, he was thinking about how amazing those lips would be pressed against his, and how they would look wrapped around his cock, but he would never state it out loud, especially to the guy. Crowley was a rude pompas ass, and Dean was silently cursing Sam for getting him into this mess. Half way through their meal, after countless remarks, their waiter was changed for a young blonde woman, and the remarks stopped. Crowley didn't have much left to say, and Dean was tired of trying to keep a conversation going with someone who was literally making him sick to his stomach. He set down his fork and excused himself to the restroom.
Dean leaned forward, trapping his cock between them as he continued to Grind his hips against Castiel's. His tongue and teeth fighting of the flesh that covered Castiel's chest as he made his way up to his mouth. Teeth biting and then tongue soothing over his bottom lip before thrusting into his mouth and tangling with his own. "Oh god Cas, I'm so close... you feel so good..." Dean murmered against his lips and let out a dirty moan when Castiel thrust his hips up into him for the first time.
"Come on Darla, we're going to be late" Dean yelled up to her. Castiel opened the door and waited for them to come out. The air was cool, but not nearly as cold as it would be normally. The winter had been unseasonably warm.
Castiel couldn't help the gasp that escaped his lips, as Dean's fingers found and pressed against the tight ring of muscle. He also couldn't help the movement of his hips as he pressed back into his hand, seeking more pressure. Dean licked his lips "mmmm, you like that Mr. Novak? Wanna see what else I can do?" Dean's mouth covered Castiel's once again, their tongues twisting around each other, pulling a moan from deep within Dean's chest. There was a loud sloppy smack when Dean broke the kiss again, pulling his hand out of his pants as well. He licked his lips before sucking his fingers into his mouth and let out a dirty moan, grinding his hips further into Castiel, shoving him harder against the wall. "Oh God, Mr. Novak. I was right." Castiel couldn't take his eyes off Dean's tongue as he swirled it around his fingers."You taste amazing, I could just eat you. Would you like that Mr. Novak? hmmm... You want me to eat you?" Dean pulled his fingers out of his mouth and placed them at Castiel's lips. "Or would you rather eat me Mr. Novak?"
"Jack, stop. It's not your fault. This is no one's fault. Dean was just..." He paused for a moment. "Lost. He was just lost."
This is the real Dean Winchester. The hunter who's just Daddy's blunt little instrument. That's all he is. If he tried to prove otherwise, well that would just be wrong. This swirl of negativity is who he really is and he can't run from it. He can box it up as much as he wants, but it's going to explode eventually, as now showing.
And with that, Jack walked up to the unrecognizable mess of Dean and gingerly put his fingers on the hunter's temples. His eyes turned yellow and energy pulsed out of him and into Dean.
After the disaster that was that day 8 months ago, Sam practically begged Jack to use his new powers or anything he had at his disposable to see where Dean and the Impala had run off to. Jack had tried so hard, but to no avail. He had locked away God's power, as well as much as his own deep within his own body because he was terrified. Utterly terrified as to what would happen when he would let it all out. Terrified about what was happening with Amara, who was locked in a deep sleep amongst his new God powers. Terrified about being driven into a power-hungry state and going mad like he heard Castiel had done. Or worse, accidentally killing someone again.
He kindly but expectantly raised an eyebrow. All attention in the room shifted to Castiel. He stared down at his feet, his cheeks heating up as a slight bit of embarrassment hit him.
Whilst lost in his own thoughts, Castiel didn't realize that Dean was quietly rapping on the door. Panicked, he started to open it but he realized it was locked. Just as he was about to break it down, he heard Dean's familiar friendly banter from behind it.
Whenever he wasn't cooking, Castiel was cleaning or doing dishes. Never alone though. After meals, Sam, Jack, and Eileen would volunteer to help wash and dry the dishes and help clean up after Castiel's cooking sprees, which procured mountains of dishes. Sometimes Jack would play with the soap bubbles and form a Santa beard and throw bubbles at everyone else, which would result in kitchen chaos.
Tears streamed down Sam's face as he brought Cas, his best friend and basically brother, into a long and drawn out hug. He wasn't surprised at all when Cas's own arms wrapped around him and when he felt the little drops of hot tears on his flannel shirt. Castiel was back. After 8 long and dreary months, they had Cas back.
"No, not really. It's just that I have some, uh, questions. I was wondering if you could answer them."
Sam searched around the room and racked his brain as he tried to remember this place. It was definitely a long time ago, back before he and Dean started hunting full time. A long time ago when he had left...
Before Sam could reflect on his thoughts anymore, the door clicked open again. He already knew who it was.
They saw the still figures of Dean and Castiel right across from each other on the bed, their foreheads interlocked and their eyes closed. A thin line of blue grace slithered from Castiel's vessel and into Dean's slightly agape mouth. Upon Sam and Jack's arrival, they slowly and deliberately opened their eyes at the same time.
"Imagine the Impala. Imagine the rich, leathery smell of it. Imagine the feel of smooth leather covering the seats. The creak of the doors as you open them, and the sound of them closing shut with force because someone's angry. Imagine the casette player and all the music that Dean likes playing inside of it, and everything else about it. Imagine it Jack, just imagine it."
"Ssshhh... I got you." The gruff voice spoke making him gasp again, and that other hand joined to caress the other cheek for a few moments. The palms were so warm, but not sweaty, gentle and soft, the fingers a shade colder, but pleasant as they tickled their way down his neck and over his chest again. He would bet everything he had, the little that it was, that those wide palms could feel how his heart raced.
"We can make it like in the movies. We could get popcorn and Pepsi, or licorice..." Castiel started with a smile on his face.
"Gah. You are more chipper than a teenage girl on a prom night, just like the other two. What is with you lot? Don't any of you know it is Monday?" Crowley spat out, no real heat behind his words. "They are out, having a ball. The boss doesn't seem so perky though, looking pale and out of breath this morning. Wonder what crawled up his arse?"
"Dean?" Castiel's voice once more brought him back and Dean snapped his eyes up at him. "I will hook up the chair to the railing, I want to show you how it works."
"Mmm... Morning." Castiel said and his eyes widened for a split second as Dean leaned in for a kiss, then pulled back and smiled.
"Hey. Look at me. I won't leave you." Castiel repeated, pulling away and cupping Dean's face. Dean raised his eyes at him, fearful and uncertain and Castiel leaned to place a soft kiss on his lips, reassuring him. When he pulled away, and their eyes met once more, Dean huffed a fake laugh, and turned away blushing slightly. He waved it off and whispered "I know that.", not really believing it.
That last puzzle piece fell into place, making this whole thing one big cruel cosmic joke, the truth burning a wide hole in Castiel's chest.
Even now, he managed to attract such a wealthy client who rented his pretty little ass each and every night, not caring that there were others much younger and probably much more flexible. And he wanted Dean. He wanted him so bad, he was willing to give a small fortune for even more of him. Azazel always wondered what was it about Dean that made him desirable, but he was wise enough never to shit where he ate, never to test his own merchandise, no matter how tempting it was.
Raising his bare ass high, he burried his head in his pillows not dating to look at the door. He needed to show complete submission, otherwise the alpha might get enraged, or so his omega thought, but deep down, Dean knew Castiel or his inner alpha would never hurt him. Still, he had to show the alpha he was willing and would be a good mate, and what better way then to submit and present.
"Do you need me on the meeting, sir? If not, I would like to catch up with my old friend." Nick jumped in, sensing the awkwardness of the situation and glanced at Dean who had a thankful look on his face. Castiel simply nodded, hiding well his surprise that the two knew each other.
"I... I'm sorry... I didn't mean to..." Dean tried, his eyes darting all over Cas' face, probably trying to map out any expression. They lingered just a few times too many on Cas' lips for it to be a coincidence, but as much as he wanted to kiss him, Cas also needed to see him.
“I think I can tell. You almost smell like your favourite dessert.” Castiel replied, and they both huffed a smile, too joyful and hopeful of a good, long future ahead of them.
There was a flash of hurt from rejection in Dean's eyes, but only for a second before it was covered with determination and Dean stood up, and walked over to Castiel, his step firm and unwavering, his erection bobbing up with each step. But Castiel knew better than to trust that, having seen the little blue pills Dean carried around.
"No, I... I..." Castiel didn't want to lie. He needed a toothbrush, but with the last few bucks in his pocket that he didn't want to waste, and not wanting to be a financial burden for Dean, he didn't know what else to do.
It never once occurred to him to think of it as leaving a stranger in his home, because Cas was no stranger, and despite the possibility of him running away, Dean still trusted that he won't. Trusted that Cas needed something stable and safe.
He was still a child at heart, though trying to pass as a teenager with his fourteen years of age, but he still couldn't hide how much he loved it all. The Faris wheel, the mirror house, the shooting games. Not the clowns, though. Never the clowns.
Castiel started to move as Dean requested even if they were both a little too dry for this, but damn it felt so good to be this close to Dean, get lost in the smell of his skin, lost in the sound of his voice and his rugged breaths, to know Dean was enjoying this as much as he was. The mere thought of it, of the fact that Dean was this aroused and this eager for contact had him nearing that edge faster than ever. He let Dean's name slip off his lips a few times and was overwhelmed when Dean's reaction was to arch his back in a desperate need for more, and started whispering his name in return.
Dean took a deep, relaxing breath that turned into a yawn. He stretched lazily on the bed and smiled, feeling the warm body next to him. Snuggling close, he chanced a glance at his alpha, his smile widening at the adorable sight. He had seen Castiel asleep before, but never this relaxed. Content. Happy. And Dean was happy too.
"Just tell me what you want me to do..." Dean started but was cut off by Balthazar, who was looking a bit pale.
The idea that the alpha still feared him, or in any way thought that Dean would act upon the claim made the omega sick to his stomach.
The closer the night came, the more worried Dean was, because he didn't know what to expect and strangely, Castiel wouldn't tell him much. He was even more nervous that Castiel choose to ride in the company limo instead of taking his own car, but the man eased his mind, saying he didn't want to drink and drive. Dean was on the edge of his seat the entire ride, with each passing minute more and more anxious. What if he messed up? What if they went to a fancy restaurant and he made a fool of himself? Worse, a fool of Castiel? Oh, he just knew he would. Especially I there were many people there, people he would have to talk to, explain who he was, memorize their names? Oh, God. He was definitely underdressed for this, and why... Why didn't he tell Castiel that he...
Dean knew no angel is coming for him, not tonight. Tonight, he belongs to the demon of the damned hollows, the scum of the Earth and the most vile man this city has ever known.
"Can... Can I make you feel good too?" Oh, God, that almost desperate plea in his voice was so damn hot, Dean had no idea how come this could be so arousing. To be given so much control over what happens between them. He shyly nodded and allowed Castiel's hand to push him back on the bed as the man started kissing up his thighs, fast and dirty, making Dean loose all coherent thought. His hands roamed freely over Dean's body and he arched and leaned into every touch, letting out a series of purrs and moans and hums and whimpers as Castiel reached his (only slightly) smaller member, took it in his hot, wet mouth and started sucking like a goddamn professional. When Dean too came with a strangled cry only a few minutes after Castiel even started, there was no doubt that the man managed to make him feel so much better then 'good'.
"What are you talking about?" Castiel asked as quietly and as calmly as he could, not wishing to rile Meg up even more.
"Sorry, sorry... I was doing some minor tweaks on my baby, oil and filter change and... Well, anyway - welcome. Let me help you with these." Dean said looking a bit embarrassed, and then reached out to help Castiel with the suitcases. For a moment, he wondered why would Gabriel make his brother carry all that by himself (not that the strong alpha couldn't handle it), but he didn't think the omega would use Castiel as a mule and a personal slave ( don't go there, downstairs brain, do not go there...). The omega must be in pain or isn't supposed to lift heavy objects.
"That's fine with me." Castiel said and then turned to add "As long as it is ok with you... You don't have to..."
Watching Cas work was mind-blowing. The guy typed, and typed and typed and would just keep on typing, and Dean was pretty certain if it weren't for him bringing him food and water and reminding him to take breaks, Cas wouldn't stop. But even with Dean fussing around him, Cas took miniature breaks and then dove right back in. He swallowed down the sandwiches Dean made and no, Dean certainly didn't have any thoughts about the fact that Cas could stuff so much in his mouth at once. The man drank one offered bottle of water after another not looking away from the monitor and with the other hand still typing away.
"Ugh, okay, I am sorry. You just seemed to deep in thought, and it was just perfect... You should have seen the look on your face. Here... See?" She said and shoved her phone in his face. He really didn't appreciate the expression he made in the photo, but what was worse was that it would probably end up online. Great.
Dean panicked. He started threshing harder, his hands shaking and his whole body shuddering from the attack of the sensations, yelling, grunting, fighting to break free. Cas kept telling him to stop, pleading even as Dean’s ribs kept brushing over his chest, their legs intertwining, Cas’s whole body pressed to Dean’s right side and… His big, fat cock poking him in the thigh…
"I was hoping it would be ok if we..." Castiel started again and Dean gave a small nod, non-verbally encouraging him to continue. Castiel huffed an awkward laugh and looked down on his plate. Dean looked down too, wondering if Castiel was having second thoughts about having this dinner. God, he hoped not. Despite the weird situation and his confusion, Dean was really really hungry.
He could feel his briefs being tugged down and the second they hit the floor, there was a cold hand on his ass cheek, squeezing. Dean froze for a moment, a part of his mind telling him to
He had no way of knowing if the room had another exit or not, but he came up with a plan as soon as he entered it. There were shelves and shelves of boxes stacked up as far as the eye can see, the room instantly lighting up as he entered. Dean took a step back and hid just behind the door so that when the guard came through, he could slip back before the door closed. Alas, his luck turned and the guard spotted him, grabbing his shirt and tearing it as Dean scrambled to get away.
"You keep quiet there, my little slut, otherwise I will have to gag you with my cock... Or is that what you actually want? To feel my big fat cock in your filthy mouth, huh?" Alistair wasn't really big or fat, but rather long and thin, but Dean, despite feeling woozy from the hit understood what Alistair was trying to say.
It was late in the afternoon and Castiel was bored out of his mind, listening to Lord Arthur and Sir Chase talk about disposal systems and their implementation in homes. He had to excuse himself under the pretense that he had to use the toilet. Not very creative, but believable.
"I would really like that." Castiel replied and when Dean raised his eyes to meet the alpha's, Cas leaned and kissed him.
"Yeah... I can tell. You... You need anything?" Gabriel asked and Dean shook his head. There really wasn't much Gabriel could do aside from sending his brother to Dean, telling him to finish the mating ritual. But that wasn't his choice, it wasn't his decision.
A knock on the door startled him and he gasped, but Dean didn't come inside. "Cas? You okay?" When Castiel didn't respond for a minute, because he didn't know what to say, Dean tried again, sounding a bit nasal. "Hey, man, it's okay. Really. I'm fine. I just wanted to make sure you are too."
"I am afraid that isn't possible, all returned equipment gets swiped clean after it had been checked for any saved work regarding our manuscripts. But maybe someone copied your information, I can check." Mr. Crowley said, and Castiel felt his heart stammering in his chest. Was it possible, was his novel really gone? "What sort of information are taking about?" Mr. Crowley asked with a raised brow.
Here is a very special, extra long chapter, a treat for all you readers who stuck around till the end.
" Cas just hummed and continued kissing the omega making Dean huff exasperatedly, but not dropping the smile off his face. He slid of the alpha, but snuggled next to him and pulled a blanket over them, too lazy to get dressed yet. They kissed and caressed and bundled up together until the oven clock sounded indicating the lasagna was done. Dean groaned, and stole the blanket to go and take the meal out. They went to get cleaned real quick and sat down to eat.
Most of the day he tried to keep his breathing and his hammering heart in check as he caught glimpses of the man. He was just as Dean remembered him, his hair tousled, his eyes serious, but kind when looking at others and with a hint of shyness and curiosity when he would look back at Dean.
On their way down, Benny also told him that Balthazar started circling the town again this morning and that his assistant Charlie told Nick she found some hacker named Ash who was on standby if they found a face or a car that needed to be located. Apparently he is good at tracking people without even leaving his apartment. They met up with Nick who threw a smug glance at the receptionist as Castiel greeted him, but otherwise said nothing as they walked out to the limo. Nick said he had no other news and they sat in complete silence as they drove to the club, with Nick throwing Castiel a few worried glances. The man was clearly a mess, but he didn't care. Dean didn't leave. Dean was taken. And Castiel let doubt slow him down and stop him from trying to find Dean.
Dean killed the engine and got out, Cas kept his eyes on him as he walked behind the car and popped the trunk, grabbed his over night bag and then walked up, pausing beside the passenger door. He rapped on the window and motioned for Cas to follow as he continued to the door of the motel room. Cas hesitantly got out of the car and followed Dean, reaching him just as he opened the door and walked into the small room. Dean flicked the light on beside the one queen size bed, which Cas eyed and quizzically looked at Dean.
There lips were barely separated when Cas grabbed the back of Dean's head with one hand, pulling him back into his mouth, as the other wrapped around his waist, pulling their bodies together. Cas' tongue aggressively pushed it's way into Dean's mouth, and he swore he actually saw sparks as his warm tongue touched his for the first time. There was no hesitation as Dean let Cas take control of the kiss. 'God, I'm such a girl' he thought as he moaned into Castiel's mouth, his own arms wrapping around Cas.
Dean realized Cas was right, he did know him. Like the fact that he knew, of all places he could touch Dean, where it would melt any and all reserve, he was touching them now. Dean moved the hand that he had over Cas' on his shoulder and reached back. Fingers brushing over Cas' ear and weaving into his hair, digging in a little, pulling him  in even closer. Cas nuzzled further into Dean's neck and he felt the moan that had been building up inside him escape. "hhmmn... Cas..."
Out of habit Cas is awake at 6am. He lays in bed for a moment looking at his husband, the love of his life. He's amazed every day that this man decided to love him. He gently runs his finger tips over Dean's face... tracing over his lashes... over the bridge of his nose where the splay of freckles are,  god how he loves those freckles... Along his strong jawline...  Over the small scar on his chin...  Up to his perfect lips,  these lips that have kissed him thousands of times in the last ten years of their lives. He traces his finger over them again before leaving in and pressing his to them. Dean moans a little, but doesn't wake up, which is good because Castiel isn't done admiring him just yet. He pulls back the blanket carefully, exposing Dean's torso and stays teaching his finger down his body...  His neck *kiss*... His adam's apple *kiss*... His collar bone *kiss*... His shoulders *kiss* *kiss*...  His pecs....  His nipples *kiss* *kiss* *lick* *nibble* *kiss*... His abs...  His hips *kiss* *kiss* *nibble*... His perfect thick cock..  *kiss*
"D..dean.... ungh.... yes... love my cock in your tight ass... ngh... oh shit... I think I'm... gonna..." Cas' breath came hard and fast as Dean pushed down hard, buring his cock deep in his own ass rotating his hips, grinding down onto Cas. "Come on Cas, fill me up.... Come for me...." Dean says biting on Cas' ear. "I want to feel you come inside me.
It was a long moment before Dean pulled back and Cas' cock slid out of his mouth with a wet pop. "Oh my Cas, you taste so good!" Dean looked up at Cas' face, his eyes were closed and his head was tilted back. "Cas, baby open your eyes. I want you to watch me."
'I won't be making it to lunch, but I've sent someone in my place. Never would I stand between you and your destiny. I love you, call me later'
"it's ok Cas, you dont have to say anything. I'm not even sure what to do with this information. I mean, yea, obviously I .... Shit! this is hard, Cas. These chick flick moments aren't my forte" Dean ran a hand through his hair, scruffing the back of his neck.
Cas is hit with a new set of emotions at Dean's admission. He's felt Dean's longing grow increasingly over the years, but he didn't ever imagine, would never allow himself to imagine that he longed for him in this way. "Dean..." Cas squints at him, his head cocking to the side.
Cas let go of his dick and dropped to his knees behind him, finger pulling out roughly, causing Dean to moan again. Dean felt Cas place both of his hands on his ass cheeks, spreading them apart as far as he could, before he felt his hot wet tongue lick and tease over his puckered hole. Dean couldn't hold back anymore, his moans echoed loud through the library, but he didnt care, Fuck Cas' tongue was amazing.
His mind raced with wild thoughts of what was happening, and then his mind clouded and he gave in, kissing Jimmy back and reaching up to pull him closer. He then felt a second pair of lips kissing and nibbling on his neck. He let out a soft moan as his other hand reached out for Castiel and pulled his body in closer to his own.
Sam finally looked up at Dean. "And why exactly is that Dean!? What's so wrong with Cas that I cannot be in love with him?"
Dean smiled, "This is what I meant. Sam can't have you cuz I need you Cas, you're mine." he pulled their bodies closer together "Now what do you say we take this to my bedroom and do it again, and this time we'll loose the cloths." he said running his hand up Cas' body, catching him by the collar of his trench coat "Well maybe we'll keep the coat." he said with a wink.
Castiel was the first thing he had noticed when he had arrived at the bar. He was wearing tight blue jeans that hugged his firm ass and thighs perfectly, a white button up that fit a little snug on his broad shoulders and a dark pinstripe vest. Dean had to keep reminding himself not to stare as his thoughts wandered to the dirtiest parts of his mind. It amazed him how little things had really changed since they were in high school.
That had been almost a month ago, try as he might, Dean had not been able to convince Cas to listen to a different song. He was stuck on this one, listened to it on constant repeat, depleting the battery, and getting irritated that he couldnt listen to it as it charged. Dean had picked up a docking station, but was afraid to let Cas know, because as much as Dean loved the song, he didn't want to listen to it over and over.
Dean looks up, his green eyes lust blown "So beautiful Cas." he says before lifting Cas' leg over his shoulder, exposing the puckered pink flesh.
Dean swallows the thick cum with a moan as it slides down his throat. Pulling his mouth off him slowly, licking every inch of him clean as he does. "Fuck Angel, you're so damn perfect for me." Dean says as he slides his body up Cas' and kisses him deeply, fingers pulling free of his ass to remove the blindfold.
"you are welcome sweetie. Can I have a hug?" Castiel knelt down and Darla wrapped her arms around him.
"I.. I'm sorry Dean....  I..  I'll try" Castiel stuttered, pushing himself gently into Dean's body once more before turning away continuing down the hall.
I think I finally found Cas' voice. I have been itching to work on this so much the last week, but with work it's been hard to find the time to really get into the headspace to write.
Dean suddenly stood, pulling away from Cas, and disappeared into the bathroom. Cas stood straight, feeling wobbly with the sudden lack of contact. His hand was sticky and he looked down at it with curiosity, staring at the drying cum that covered it.
"Oh, Cas', m....mmm.... more, I neeed mmmooore!" Dean pleads above him, Cas feels the leg over his shoulder pull him in closer as Cas runs his tongue up the length of his shaft to capture the precum that is oozing from the tip and thrusts a third finger into Dean's ass. It isn't long before Cas can feel that Dean is ready for him.
Castiel chuckled at his foolish thoughts as he walked down the hallway to the front door. There was another knock, a little more urgent this time. Castiel opened the door, and was immediately taken back by the 6'1 blonde man with green eyes that was standing on his door step.
When he opened the bag, he saw two small boxes in amongst the clothing, recognizing them immediately he turned to question Dean, and found that he was right behind him. "Dean?" The words were barely out of his mouth before Dean was on him, arms around his waist, pulling him into his body. Their mouths devouring each other, tongues meeting feverishly.
"You don't have to try hard" Dean says as he walks to the side of the bed picking up the box Cas had given him. He pulls out the riding crop and smacks it against his hand. It makes a sharp snapping noise that fills the room. "oooh, this should be fun" He teases, running the leather down Cas' leg. "do we need a safe word?" he asks.
Suddenly Castiel felt a rush of anxiety that he hadn't expected. What was it that he had told Dean when he had confessed his adoration for Castiel the day the Winchesters left for California? We'll discuss this again in 6 years? Was that why Dean was here today? Did he still have feelings for him. Castiel shook his head, that was silly. It had been 6 years, Dean had gone through puberty and grown into a man now. surely he wasn't still holding a torch for his geeky neighbor from when he was only 14 years old.
Castiel looked around him, not fully understanding the question. When he looked back at Dean he noticed his eyes were raised, looking above his head. Castiel slowly lifted his head, looking up to the ceiling. Hanging above his head was a small bunch of mistletoe. He snapped his head back down and was suddenly face to face with Dean, who had stepped closer without a sound. There faces were so close that Castiel could smell the beer on Dean's breath.
"What teenage boy wouldn't take the opportunity to have a threesome? That doesn't mean he's interested in guys Jo" Dean says
Dean cringes, any kind of attraction he had for the man went flying out the window, using his little brother to score a date with him, 'you've got to be kidding me' Dean thinks, but he agrees, to help Sammy out. They make the arrangements and Mr. "please call me Crowley" picks him up at 7 pm the following evening.
He begged for the darkness to take him, to loose consciousness, but sadly, it only happened when Alistair was done, having dumped all he had inside Dean.
The thing was, when a person presents an an alpha, his family is required by law to send him to the training facilities. That was just a nice name for correctional establishments that would beat the 'alphaness' out of them and teach them to be nice and compliant, and it wasn't anything new that people would just end up dead there. Especially those who fought back and wouldn't bow down before the betas and the occasional omega that ran those places. No normal omega would want any part of it, most longed for a good alpha, but there were those that... Just weren't right in the head.
"Um... Yes?" Castiel made his response sound like a question, not so sure he wanted the man to know he was in fact Mr. Novak.
Dean decided to skip going back to the club and just go straight to visit Sammy, buying some tulips along the way. Once there, he did the usual, changed the flowers, cleaned up around a bit, even if there really wasn't anything to clean, and sat on his usual bench with
"Omega..." a whisper reached Dean's ear, hot air tickling it and the desire in the voice making his hair stand up with excitement and his mind aching to awaken. There was a warm body pressed against his, so comfortable and cozy and two strong arms, holding him in a loving embrace as he laid on his side. It felt so good, so right.
"Would you like to meet him? Chester." Dean said with a smile after he put a slice of his toast in his mouth and leaned in as if it was a big secret that Dean knew the author. Which actually was.
Dean saw Castiel's naked body, he saw his erection that first night and he knew the man was... sizable, but actually feeling that rock hard cock in his hand made his own twitch in excitement. And as he started to slowly stroke him and watched Castiel screw his eyes shut, revelling in the feeling and biting down on his lower lip, Dean couldn't help the wave of arousal that suddenly hit him.
"You... You seriously don't know? You never saw, when in the movies, they... You know what, nevermind. It is used for smoking marijuana. We should probably throw it away." Dean replied. Castiel frowned down at the item in his hands, looking it over and trying to figure out how it was used.
Castiel hadn't noticed how Dean's eyes darted over his body when he turned to go into the bedroom or how he bit his lower lip eyeing the strong broad shoulders and the slight sway of the towel that was obstructing his view. Castiel closed the door behind him, taking a moment to inhale and exhale deeply, but then hurried to get dressed, worried more about Dean waiting for him then about his own bubbling feelings. When he opened the door, Dean was waiting for him at the exact same place, only standing up now and he even smiled at him. "You're hair looks... funny."
And there it was, a small, barely auditable whimper when Dean's hot lips parted and left the perky nipple and Dean paused, watching the man steer in his sleep. When he didn't wake, Dean's hands started roaming the warm body once again, touching the soft skin, caressing all the curves of those amazing muscles. Castiel was by no means a body builder, and some parts like his stomach weren't firm and tight, but it was obvious that they once were and that the dark haired man still worked out from time to time.
“I have heard those rumors as well, and truthfully, they always make me laugh. Those are misguided claims, thought not completely false. I have been researching properties of some herbs, but nothing magical, only natural. There are vast medical uses for almost every plant in existence, but also some… other uses too.” He added with some amusement in his tone. Before anyone managed to ask what those might be, desserts were served, small apple filled pies and Castiel immediately focused on them, trying to come up with how and when to snatch a few and hide them in his coat to bring to Dean.
"I assure you, your Majesty, I am not a thief. It was just something I learned as a child, a parlor trick, really. I have never stolen a thing in my life." Lord Samuel defended, and Castiel could tell he was truthful. Nevertheless, to ease the alpha more, and to contribute to the light conversion, Castiel decided to tease the tall alpha a bit, just as the meal was being served.
Charlie said and Castiel froze, panic starting to stir in his stomach. He wanted that, of course he did, but his anxiety was getting the best of him. He wasn't good with people, to shy and quiet and awkward, and now, thanks to his work, Charlie must be having high expectations. What if he wasn't good enough? What if he disappointed? What if...
He opens his mouth to say something, getting of the bed and getting ready to do whatever it took, but was stopped by Mr. Novak's words.
Dean jerked awake, and woke Castiel in the process to, his heart beating like crazy. It looked so real, it sounded so real, but Dean... He would never... He would never hurt him intentionally, he would never do that to Castiel. He had some vague notions about BDSM and knew it was more then just tying someone up and taking them cause they asked for it, but Dean didn't think he could ever do something like that. But it felt so real and not even a bit good, the scream still echoing in his head.
"You feeling better over there, brother? Not gonna pass out on me or anything, are you?" Benny asked and Dean allowed himself to huff a small smile before shaking his head indicating he won't. But then he took a moment, a bit of confusion creeping up on his face and he swallowed before he asked:
Speaking of acquired titles, as they passed the tall window on the West side of the palace, Castiel spotted Lady Charlotte and Lord Samuel out in the gardens. Frowning down upon the sight, as it was not considered proper for a Lady to be alone with an unmated alpha, even like this in the open, and especially as Castiel knew Lady Charlotte was an omega, he clenched his fists and tried to contain his worry. Surely Lord Samuel knew better then to attempt anything in Castiel's court?
The dawn was breaking when Castiel got back to the hotel without Dean, broken and worried as to what might have happened, and he crashed down on the bed, exhausted and drained, but only managed a couple of hours before a nightmare woke him up again.
He didn't find it, not right away, but the responses he was getting for each finger added and each moved they made were so erotical and so glorious Dean was just left stupefied.
Mr. Novak pulled away and awkwardly tried to remove his shirt, getting himself a bit entangled in it, and Dean was uncertain, but still reached out and helped him remove it. He could hear the man panting, and watched him lunge forward once more, seemingly unable to get enough of Dean and his lips.
"Aren't you going to help me, Sam? I could really use a good scrubbing and those, ughm, big hands of yours do seem quite capable..." Gabriel said biting down his lower lip and pulling Sam closer. The alpha seemed confused for a moment, but still complied. To him, this seemed different. Gabriel wasn't going through another wave of his heat, Sam could tell by the lack of that cinnamon apple in his scent. None of that stopped Gabriel from pulling him into a soft, breathtaking kiss as he worked to remove the alpha's clothes (yet again).
"Come on, Cassie, let's see if this place it what the sign says it is." Gabriel said and slowly, Castiel stepped out of the car, his father's trenchcoat ruffling along. It was the only thing he had left of him, the only thing he treasured. His mother disavowed him as soon as he presented and left them to fend for themselves. Their father was already sick by then, and her doing that broke his heart. He loved his sons with all his heart and didn't care if they were alpha or omega or a beta, all he ever wanted for them to be safe and happy, even though he knew the latter was nearly impossible in this world.
"Hey, bro. Whatcha making?" Gabriel asked, dropping down on the couch and flipping the TV on. He heard Castiel mumble something, but he was too quiet and Gabriel was too interested in the TV to really focus on him. After a few minutes, he heard the plates being set, drawing Gabriel attention and as he stood up and walked closer, he couldn't help but frown at the smell of something burning. Castiel was clearly fumbling with a two pans and a pot, and when Gabriel really focused, he could see how anxious and shaking Castiel was.
He made eye contact with Dean and gently breathed in a rhythm. Dean's frightened green eyes met his blue ones, but he made a conscious effort to concentrate on his breathing. He soon began to follow the pattern Cas established.
Sam vividly remembered this time. It was an extremely rough time for him, as he had to watch his own mother burn infront of him. However, he never even considered how Dean coped. That would be twice now that he'd watched his own mother burn right before his eyes and not being able to do a single thing. This time, instead of focusing on Lucifer and Mary, Sam focused on his brother. Through new eyes, he could see just how distraught Dean was, even if he wasn't showing it. After their mother was taken to the alternate world, leaving Dean, Sam, and the newly born Jack alone, Dean was the one who had stared at Castiel. He stared at the angel's body. He never shed a tear, but Sam could tell. And so could Castiel and Jack. As he stared at the charred wings of his best friend, Dean's heart completely broke in half.
Sam paused from another bite of salad and perked up. He was also wondering how Castiel could be enjoying his food so much. It was a while ago, but he could still remember the angel reminiscing over the taste of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, stating that the simple sandwiches tasted like molecules. If that was the case, then how could he be enjoying today's meal so well?
Castiel and he had used it when Michael infiltrated Dean's head, and ultimately it had worked. They could do the same again, and Sam knew it would work. He just knew it. They would get Dean back.
Man #1 began rubbing his own dick while eating out the gorgeous ass and was satisfied with how Castiel's asshole was twitching and clencing sporadically, ready to be penetrated. He gave it one last sucky kiss before releasing with a quiet
"Of course. I would never intentionally force him to remain dormant, especially since what happened with Michael. If he ever wants to "be in the driver's seat-"
He collapsed on the bed and it felt like an invisible force had grabbed his lungs. He couldn't breathe at all. Everytime he opened his mouth to gasp in some air, his throat closed and allowed nothing to come in nor escape. He gasped and clawed at his neck, but nothing happened.
Dean stared in the bathroom mirror. After he had done his business, he had stepped out of his T-shirt and shorts and was fully exposed to the grand image that was his body. Except it wasn't grand. It was frail and gaunt.
Dean unstuck his face to Castiel's chest and looked up with red eyes. He sniffled a little and rubbed his nose with his arm.
"All of us have many, many questions that we want answered. Sam, Dean, Eileen, even me. Now, I can't guarantee that I can answer every question of yours, but I can do my best to try."
This time, the force of a steel-toed boot hit his ribcage. The force blew all the air out of his lungs and he gasped in pain. And then another one came, but with more force, and it landed on the back of his head. Dean curled his fingers around his ribcage and his head, hissing at the throbbing sensations that were spreading all over his body. Under his hand, he felt the hot and sticky feeling of blood on his head.
Cas made a deal with The Empty. He made it and then The Empty had taken him. What was the deal? What the fuck was it? What did he do to make The Empty take him right in front of Dean's eyes and-
"D-Dad. P-Please stop. I understand that you're mad, but I swear that I'll get him back. Sam is my responsibility so I swear to God that I-"
Dean Winchester wishes that everytime he goes on a hunt that he gets impaled on a piece of rebar or something
Castiel sprung up behind him, Angel Blade ready to pierce through flesh. But Boian was ready and shot Castiel off to the side where Sam was.
After he, Jack, and Sam defeated God, Dean had left. He didn't tell Sam. He didn't tell anyone. He just opened the Impala and drove. He didn't have a destination in mind, but he just drove. He couldn't think of anything else other than Castiel. He had sacrificed himself to save Dean and Dean couldn't do anything but just stare at him and say a few words.
"And that's especially good since I'm in control of his body. I'm going to do my best to restore Dean to his former strength. And the only way to do that-"
Dean's there in the darkness of his own mind. But now, for the first time in a very long time, he can form coherent thoughts. Well, not that coherent, but at least he's not plagued by the nightmares every time he sees his own mind. He still doesn't know if he's conscious or not - which is a massive problem. He thinks that he's unconscious, but he still can't tell because everything is still so, so dark.
Man #1 continued thrusting like a dog, holding Castiel's bony hips in his hands and moving like his life depended on it. The pleasure was so overwhelming, he felt as though he would pass out. He looked down at the most perfect pair of asscheeks he had ever seen in his life, and a back so arched and so sexy that he felt as though he could fuck the man's back and still cum from it. He pulled on Castiel's hair roughly, which produced a soft cry of pain from him, but the slut kept rubbing his hips down on the dick.
"Good, good. You're doing great Dean. Now, keep breathing like that. This will all be over. And you're not alone. I'm with you. I'll always be with you, Dean. I will never abandon nor forsake you. You don't deserve that. You've done so many great things in your lifetime that even I couldn't do."
Sam absorbed the punch of one, but as he staggered, it lunged towards its neck. But before it could make contact, Jack appeared and chopped its head off. Sam rubbed his sore jaw and quickly thanked him. He quickly looked around and saw Eileen caught in a struggle with one. He and Jack immediately lept up and went to her assistance. Thankfully, Jack stabbed it through the head and Sam quickly chopped its head off, satisfied at the sound it made. He continued to hear grunts of exertion though and looked up, expecting to see Castiel smite one with ease.
He would never see Castiel's smile again. He couldn't lose himself staring into those deep blue eyes, full of everlasting wisdom. He no longer could bring Castiel into a deep hug and breathe in the earthy yet familiar scent of the cologne he sometimes used to mimic Dean. He wouldn't be able to listen to Castiel's rumbly voice that was sometimes frightening but othertimes curious and full of wonder...
He knew that Dean loathed his existence. That fact had been made painstakingly obvious ever since Jack's birth. Dean had deceived him, locked him away, shunned him, and ultimately had tried to kill him. While it hurt to think of the past, Jack couldn't just erase the terrible memories he had of Dean.
"What's up?" He asked, but Jack shushed him and put his hand up. He furrowed his eyebrows and squinced, deep in thought.
But now... The entire feeling of victory had evaporated from Castiel's mind. There was no winning if Dean wasn't with them.
"I told you Dean, I can't get into the details. Just please focus on getting better because you'll need to be." And with that, Sam shut the door and left a stunned and baffled Dean to stand there confused. He turned his head and started to yell out to Sam to ask what the hell he meant, but he stopped himself. It was obvious that Sam wouldn't tell him anything else because Sam wasn't the type of person to withhold details from something. He was always the one to give excess information and pour in his two cents regarding an opinion. Whatever Sam was scheming, he really didn't want to give details out. Dejected at this thought, Dean shut the door and retreated to his bed, back to pondering. During this time, he made a mental promise to eat something soon and to focus on bettering himself so that whatever Sam was talking about wouldn't catch him at a bad time.
Dean was just about to hound Castiel again for an answer, but the beer had run its course and was now looking for a way out. He didn't want to get up, but when nature calls, it calls. And it was obvious that Cas wouldn't be talking to him anytime soon, even if he had no idea why. He gingerly sat up from the bed, but upon the sudden weight pressure, his knees nearly buckled under him. Castiel rushed over to support him, but Dean found stability on a countertop.
Cas tugged at his baggy sweatpants and oversized T-shirt. Of course he would ask that. Castiel was so used to his formal suit and trenchcoat that he saw no need in changing. He could fight in it and then turn heel and pose as an FBI agent the next moment. It was a multi-use outfit that suited the angel very well for his lifestyle. But he was no longer in his old vessel - he was inside Dean. And Dean wasn't really known to wear a trenchcoat and suit all the time.
Castiel took Dean's hands in his own. It pained him to see Dean flinch a little, but he held onto them tightly.
"You're fine, actually. We were just finishing up discussing Dean's mental wellbeing. I'm going to go finish cooking dinner. It will be ready momentarily."
"Dean. I need you to listen to me. Right now, you're having a panic attack. I know you don't want me to witness this, but please just listen. Breathe in rhythm with me."
That was the prayer that had awoken Castiel in the Empty. A prayer that was so powerful that it transcended worlds and awoke a dead celestial being from its eternal slumber.
He swallowed the hamburger and picked up his fork. He grabbed an ear of corn and slathered butter and salt on it like he had seen Dean do when they would eat corn. He mimicked Dean's movements from memory and picked up the ear with his hands and took a fat bite from the middle of it. Bits of corn juice and pieces flew everywhere, but he didn't care. A new flavor exploded on his tongue. One that was sweet, but not sweet like a piece of candy or fruit. A different kind of sweetness that was perfectly complemented with salt and butter.
"So, you think you can just waltz in here and take your little angel boyfriend from my hands? Sorry bud but that ain't happenin.'" The Shadow sneered. Dean just put his head down and started chuckling.
The three of them were greeted with familiar darkness. Sam and Castiel already knew Dean's mind and the darkness that infested it when Michael took control. But for some strange reason, it seemed almost darker if that was at all possible. Jack gazed around, but something caught his eye.
It was John Winchester. The same John Winchester that had nearly beat him to death the night that Sam had left for college.
After an uncomfortably long period of silence, Castiel spoke with carefully chosen words, each syllable slowly rolling off his tongue.
And then he had found himself in Kansas City. He had won. He had won against every angel and demon's greatest fear.
After Sam and Jack had barged into the room and witnessed the spectacle of their two best friends basically eating each other (not in a sexy way, like an angel grace entering body kind of way) they were left dumbfounded as to what had happened while they were at the supermarket binging on ripe tomatoes from the produce department.
Castiel thought for a moment. Here he was, an angel, er, an ex angel really, but an angel nonetheless. An angel who had been around long enough to witness the first fish come out of land, and witness the creation of everything imaginable.
When the scene replayed in Sam's head, a twinge of guilt crossed him. Dean had been suffering so much ever since Castiel was taken and Sam had been utterly blind to it. Sure, he was aware of Dean and Castiel's feelings for each other. For twelve years he had known and been the awkward third wheel. He just didn't think that Castiel's death would impact Dean so much that he would literally leave in a fit of rage and depression. When Jessica died, Sam was depressed himself as for all the other women he had been with. When Eileen died, Sam felt the same way.
Sam's mind filled to the brim with panic as he pulled at his hair, cursing himself yet again for leaving Dean behind. He was pissed. But he still shouldn't have done it. Especially after seeing what his absences did to Dean. He shouldn't have stormed off, he should've stayed and worked through his anger and not have gotten so-
"And yes, the monsters and demons came. Oh boy they came! They came so many it was like Jesus returned or something. Vampires, werewolves, djinns, banshees, somehow ghosts showed up, and demons. So many demons. And so many other monsters. They all took their turns with him! Doing whatever they wanted. Oh you should've seen the wolves. They so desperately wanted to rip his heart out. But they were satisfied with just watching him suffer and cry as they tore their claws into him. Vampires sucked him dry but he never died! It was such a beautiful sight. He screamed and shrieked and begged for death but we never delivered! And he prayed for you Castiel, oh how he prayed for you and prayed and prayed and prayed but no answer came. What a satisfying feeling that was!"
Castiel noticed Dean's silence but he could feel his thoughts racing. He pulled Dean into another deep hug. He just hoped that he hadn't pushed Dean even further away. God, that was the very last thing he wanted to do. He just wanted to help. He needed to help.
He had failed. He failed the love of his life without even telling him "I love you" back. He didn't consider himself to be a gay man, but he couldn't deny his feelings for Castiel and his vessel. He just refused to acknowledge everything because dad had called those kinds of people "faggots" and he still didn't want to disappoint the old man.
Man #1 and Man #2 made eye contact briefly, Man #1 winked and mouthed some words that Castiel wouldn't be able to see. It wouldn't have made a difference anyway, the fruity angel was too busy focused on the Man #2's scrotum, grabbing and rubbing it, producing grunts from the receiver.
She didn't expect to be shot during her epic villain reveal monologue, and her eyes widened as the bullet penetrated her skin and immediately poisoned her to death. Upon seeing their leader be killed, the other five hissed behind their masks and lunged forward, bloodlust oozing from them.
Sam put his head in his hands and nearly screamed. Dean was so vexatious that Sam just wanted to leave him alone and let him sort out his own problems. He would never do that in the long run. But right now, it seemed like an impossibility.
When they weren't working or idling around the Bunker, they would play games or watch movies together. One of their favorites pastimes was to watch horror documentaries and laugh at the actors as they hunted fake ghosts with all the wrong equipment and jump at the tiniest of jumpscares that weren't even ghosts or demons. Castiel learned what popcorn was and that it was problamatic to get out of teeth. They also learned that Jack was extremely good at Connect Four. He was the reigining, undefeated champion in the Bunker, much to Castiel's dismay.
"I'm sure we'll know when we see it. We'll be going through Dean's memories, so we won't be able to interact with any of the "past Deans." However, we will be able to tell that Dean's soul will be out of place and we will be able to talk with it and bring him back to his head."
"So how are you able to eat food now Castiel?" He asked through a mouthful of lettuce and freshly cut tomato.
He felt the sharp prick of the knife on his tongue as something was being etched on it like a pencil on paper except much harder
He approached the memory but Sam and Jack came up worridly behind him. He decided to leave them behind and approach this himself. He couldn't let Sam and Jack see this. Not yet. There would be a time, but not in this type of environment.
3 days passed. 3 long days of nothing but waiting and repeated healing. Sometimes Jack and Castiel took turns, but mostly they stayed together. Glued to Dean's sides, trying their damndest to heal the hunter back somewhat to his original state.
So why did you let him die? Did you just let him be taken like that? You could have stopped him. You could have said something to him. You could have done so much more Dean, but you didn't. Why didn't you?
So Dean would have to be mad. It was the best course of action at the moment. Castiel would have to apologize later on, but for now, he had to remain silent. It was all for Dean's sake after all. Besides, anything they did for Dean caused him to get mad. It was just in his nature. He was so used to giving that receiving was a new concept to him. Anytime he gained something without reason, he assumed that it was because he did something wrong or someone was mad at him.
The cloud covered him and the feelings of self-loathing, hatred, pain, depression, anxiety, abandonment, hopelessness, and just about everything else smothered him.
Also before you get after me for not including Eileen: I'm sorry. I'm not purposefully excluding her, I swear. It's just proving difficult trying to incorporate her into the story that is mainly focused on Dean. I love Eileen and so does Sam. I just don't want her sitting in the corner like a prop. Might as well keep her badasseness hunting monsters on her own than just being a lamp. And yeah, I know that she and Dean are good friends and they like each other, I totally get that. It's just really awkward trying to write her in. Again, sorry but there is no intentional exclusion happening. She is going to return and be happy with her moose!
It's ironic isn't it? Dean Winchester is such a fuck-up that he can't even go a day without drowning himself in alcohol
"Thank you, Jack. You've done the responsible thing. I'm furious that all this has happened to you, but I'm proud. I'm so proud of you Jack."
Jack concentrated with his eyes tightly closed. He disappeared for a quick moment and returned with the Impala in tow. Sam, Eileen, and Castiel's mouths all dropped as he appeared, breathing deeply but satisfied with his success. His mouth was in a wide grin as he relished in the unfamiliar feeling. It was in perfect condition, all the dents and scratches faded from existence and the interior looking better than ever. Sam approached it and opened the back. All the equipment and weapons that they needed on hunts was present as well.
"JACK. Enough. This is NOT your fault. You couldn't control your powers. I understand. The blame is not yours to take. It's all of ours."
The blow to the right side of his face was unexpected but not surprising. It toppled Dean over and he staggered to the floor of the motel room, clutching his swelling cheek. Blood started oozing out of his nose and leaking into his agape mouth.
Dean could only watch as the cloud grew. Tears started to roll down his face as he realized his fate. He would be stuck there. Hopefully not forever, but it would be a damn long time. He had mentally prepared himself for this, but that didn't mean that he wanted it. He wanted anything else other than this.
"But shouldn't we stay here with Dean? What if he collapses again?" Jack asked anxiously. Sam shook his head.
Jack's mouth formed a line and he left the room. As his shoes echoed in the hallway, Sam gulped and started nervously fiddling with his fingers. He had no idea what to say at that point.
Cas. Talk to me. Did I piss you off? Are you avoiding me? Giving me the silent treatment? Huh? Cas I can't work with this you gotta talk to me man."
John brought his other hand up, the one that wasn't holding Dean by the neck, and throttled the man's head again. Dean fell over and groaned deeply. He could feel his consciousness slipping away, but he had to stay awake. If he passed out here, he would wake up to an even angrier John.
Was he that much of a failure and a disappointment to his own father and God himself that he deserved this?
Instead of feelings of anger, betrayal, and disbelief, the emotions which Jack knew he was supposed to feel at this time, he just felt pity. He pitied Dean, but not in a condescending way. He simply felt bad for Dean and everything he and Sam had been put through. They didn't deserve any of this, but it was forced upon them by God.
Again, Sam opened his mouth to try and say something to Cas and Jack, something about what in the fuck was happening, why was their dad such a jackass towards Dean who hadn't done anything, and why were they going through all of Dean's traumatic memories regarding dad, but the scene changed again.
But all of that had been brutally ripped away from him. All because God got bored and wanted to rewrite the universe. Fucking scumbag.
"I can't exactly remember what happened beforehand. All I know is that Dean and I were running from Billie and then we were cornered. Then The Empty came and took both of us. I was asleep for a long time before I felt that sensation. I awoke and The Shadow was there again." With this Cas chuckled.
Jack and everyone else stood at the top step of the Bunker, arms loaded with duffles and various weapons. They would be a little rusty in the hunting game, so they'd need all the reassurance they could get regarding weaponry. Sam took a deep breath and turned the lights off.
And that life would soon resume as soon as they got Dean back. For now, they just had to focus on the future and see where it took them.
He searched until he found a more prominent whisper amongst the many that plagued the space. However, this wasn't a whisper. It was a scream. A scream that echoed deep within Dean's head. It was so far back that Cas felt as if this was a particulary far back event, but one that scarred Dean so deeply that he couldn't let it die. Tense with exertion, Castiel grabbed it and transported them to a different corner of Dean's head.
Besides, even if he wouldn't admit it to himself, Castiel wanted to see what Dean's reaction was after he was taken by the black tendrils. He wanted to see how much he broke Dean by leaving, and see what caused him to go missing. And also see what his reply was to the confession. Castiel nervously licked his lips as he thought of it. Dean had obviously looked at him in disgust. He was just getting his hopes up for nothing.
Dean knew that something was happening. Something massive. Something that could help him escape the confines of his head. In his own mind he was still falling, but that light he had seen had reappeared. Sometimes it was yellow, sometimes it was blue, but most of the time it was both yellow and blue. It felt warm and inviting, but it was growing at a slow pace. Despite this it wouldn't be long until it reached him.
And I realize the first 3 chapters are VERY poorly written but I'm working on revising them I just want to get the new thoughts out of my head. Like they're so bad that they switch between present and future tense? idk what kind of drugs I was on but it was a hell of a drug I tell you what (hint: it's lack of sleep)
This was his family. The family that he had fought so hard to keep. The family that he had overturned the universe for.
Sam's mind eased up. Honestly, he wasn't planning on having Castiel do anything related to the case. He would probably have him stay at a motel room and do research or something similar with Eileen while he and Jack did the grunt work. He and Jack could handle the messy part of the job, but he didn't want Eileen nor Castiel to get hurt. Obviously he didn't want Jack to get hurt either, but Jack was God himself. Even if his powers were sealed away, it would take more than a simple monster hunt to kill him.
He untied the apron from around his waist. He held it up and stared at it for a moment before carefully folding it up and gently laying it on the kitchen table.
But his fears were trod upon as Dean's face widened into a trademark glistening smile. He clapped Sam on the back and with a bubbly tone of voice, said
One final thrust spent him spilling over the edge. Man #1 and Man #2 grunted and kept thrusting with more vigor. But Castiel was an angel. He wasn't completely spent after one ejaculation. With a little help of his grace, he was back to full in no time. He also helped out the other two guys, causing their dicks to seemingly glow in blue light.
"This better not be some sick prank Sam. If it is I swear to God, er, Jack that I will make you regret being born."
John Winchester was not the best father. Neither was God. This fact was something that both he and Dean could relate to. Fathers that abandoned their children because of their selfish wants and the tunnel vision they refused to leave or acknowledge.
Castiel looked around at everyone, feeling very satisfied at his success. Jack was already on his second hamburger and had rolls of yellow mustard dripping off of it. Sam and Eileen ate with a bit more finesse, but they were still doing so ravenously. Cas smiled a little and went back to stacking his plate.
"No, it's not that I want to put Dean's health in jeopardy... It's just that I don't like feeling that I don't equate to the rest of you. I hate feeling useless and not being able to help whenever a problem arises."
Sam sighed. Now Eileen was gone. Well, at least she wouldn't have to see Dean. If she would have seen his broken body, she would never have recovered. Sam wasn't too sure himself that he could ever get that sight out of his head.
You're the most caring man on Earth. You are the most selfless, loving human being I will ever know.
Castiel couldn't handle it. He just couldn't. And to be forced to undergo this for 8 months? Absolutely not. They had to get out of here. Now.
Jack smiled and Castiel pulled him in for another hug. When they broke apart, Sam and Eileen looked downtrodden.
He loved Cas. He needed Cas. He needed everything about Cas from the mesmerizing sound of his voice to his naive view of the world around him.
The three of them watched as Dean tried to explain why and how Sam had left, and how John had ignored all of his son's words and grew more angry by the second. Sam flinched at each word John said.
Anyways please enjoy the dumpster fire as always. As a reward for waiting here's some happy moments because we get none of those in the show
Stars danced in his vision as pleasure and animalistic urges overtook him. The once prideful angel of Heaven was reduced to a moaning pile of heat and sex. And he was goddamn loving it.
He looked expectantly at the two supernatural beings, but they weren't participating in the brother argument. Sam glared at them and grit his teeth.
He left you Dean. You pushed him too far and he left. Anyone would leave if they were treated the way you treated him. You only used him to get what you want. You never thought about him. To you, an angel of the lord was just a lamp. A lamp sitting in the corner. It's never thought about until it's being used. That's all he is to you Dean. And you know it. You don't love him.
Yes he was selfish he wanted a family he wanted Sam to stay with him he wanted Cas to be with him and yes he wanted to be happy is that so bad?
But all of that was minor details. As much as he loved younger Dean, it wasn't the Dean he knew. He needed his big brother back, trauma and all the other shit he's shouldered all these years.
Dean was lying down on it, but as he heard the three pairs of footsteps clomping towards him, his eyes opened and he smiled at them.
"I haven't had any time to breathe ever since you died! You're not the only one who's suffering right now!"
"Dean, it's been ages. You locked yourself in there two days ago and haven't eaten anything since." He worriedly said.
Jack set his face in a grimace and thought about it. He wished it were as easy as Cas made it out to be, but it wasn't. But in the end, everyone needed Dean back. He had to do this. He turned his head towards Castiel and nodded.
Castiel gingerly layed Dean down on the bed. Jack's fingers were still glued to Dean's head, his eyebrows pinched together in concentration. Castiel's gaze shifted to him, alight with concern. Sam then returned, carrying just about every medical supply he could along with a tub of water and a sponge, something to attempt to clean the blood that had hardened and molded into the ripped flesh.
"I want you to do something. It will be very hard, and I'm sorry in advance for asking you. But it's the only shot we have at finding Dean."
"Good. So. I see that you have Dean Winchester despite all the warding that I put up. That's quite unfortunate but oh well. I guess play time's over." His mouth curled up into a cruel smile. "It's been a fun 8 months boys. You should have seen him when he first got here. All sad and drunk and just oh so broken."  He said broken with a roll of his lips, as if it were a beautiful word to describe Dean with.
"Dean, there's more to you than just "getting your strength back" and you know it. And you can hide it as you always have, but everything will erupt and we won't be there to help. You know this just as well as I do."
"Dean is... Not at his best right now. Even though he's resting, he's still dealing with the repercussions of everything that's happened. His soul is badly damaged and to be honest, it could still disappear at any moment, it's that faint. As of now, I'm using my grace to keep him asleep and calm while he relaxes. It's all I can do at this time, but I do feel as though it's helping. As for how long he'll be like this, well, even I can't say."
"Dean? How did you get here? Why are you here? What if The Darkness finds you?" Castiel hurridly asked. He had to get Dean out of here before he was killed or stuck her for eternity. He didn't deserve that. Dean just smiled again and shook his head.
A burst of yellow energy erupted out of him and Boian was sent tumbling backwards. Castiel and Sam took this opportunity and shot up. Boian tried to get his standing, but a large gash had appeared on his stomach from the energy burst. Cas finished the job and drove his Angel Blade right through Boian's heart. The witch screamed but he kept that infuriating smile plastered on as he died.
"Actually, instead of that, how about we just buy you a new suit and coat? That way you don't have to worry about clothes and look decent."
With one last insult, Sam flipped the door open and slammed it shut, leaving a crestfallen Dean behind.
Sam walked in and gave him a really weird look, but Dean didn't care. His eyes stayed glued to the screen as he watched the angel, no HIS angel, be fucked into oblivion.
He tried. By God he tried. He slowly opened the wall and let the power in. The pull was there, but he ignored it. He had to. Dean was relying on him as well as everyone else. If only he could just get a faint trace of Dean's soul then-
He could almost hear Dean's smile through the door. But he respected Dean's wishes and trudged away to the main room. It wasn't too far off from the bathroom, but far enough that Dean would be able to have his "personal space." Upon sitting down, he buried his face in his hands. The stress of everything that was happening was finally catching up to him.
Cas would still be gone. This was the hardest fact to grasp. Cas was taken by The Empty when Billie came. Cas had to die by telling Dean that he loved him. Cas died and it was his fault. Cas left him all alone. Dean pushed Cas away and Cas had no choice but to be killed because Dean fucked up so bad that there was nothing else to do.
Yeah, it was obvious that it was one or all of them. His family. They needed him back so much that their combined prayers had awakened him. He was needed. Upon this realization, his face broke into a wide smile. He was going to go back home.
Dean turned his head and there it was. The darkness was still there. The light had it cornered, but the black was now condensed into a single corner of his mind and he could tell that it was waiting for the light to leave so that it could explode, leaving Dean suffocating in it again.
Castiel chuckled and pulled the plate of hamburgers towards him. He took off two small ones and put them on his plate.
He softly moaned with delight and took another huge bite of corn. He hurridly wiped his hands on a napkin as he chewed and swallowed then picked up a heaping spoonful of mashed potatoes and crammed them into his mouth. The same sensation of joy spread throughout his body. He chewed happily on the mixture of potato, mustard, vinegar, celery, and olives. A strange myriad of foods that created a perfect harmony when mixed with each other that tasted absolutely divine.
Jack fidgeted nervously in his seat. Castiel nodded his head understandingly. He never broke eye contact with Jack as he spoke with a soft tone using Dean's husky voice.
Castiel/Dean turned around from preparing a fat stack of hamburgers stacked high on a plate. To the side laid five discarded packages of ground beef that Jack and Sam had impulsively bought earlier because Dean was back. They had thought he would want some hamburgers eventually so they agreed to buy a bunch of meat for him to use in the future when he felt up to it. Usually Sam would turn his nose up at the fattening fare, but Dean's comfort food would definitely help in restoring his health. They just didn't know that these hamburgers wouldn't be prepared by Dean, but by Castiel in Dean's body.
The two of them had the same reactions. Sam grimly opened the trunk and was surprised to see everything was still inside. The casettes, beer bottles, burger wrappers, more beer bottles, and every other bit of trash was inside. He opened the trunk and all the hunter equipment was still inside also. But the trash? Beer bottles? That wasn't like Dean. Dean would never trash his car unless the world was ending. Well, maybe at the time it did seem like the world was ending.
Jack and Castiel turned to each other in shock and Sam's face scrunched in confusion and he struggled to find words to say.
Castiel shook his head. They would have to think of that later. For now, they would have to unfortunately restrain Dean so that he wouldn't be able to hurt himself. This would definitely panic him, but they didn't have a choice. He would kill himself if left unrestrained.
Boian was a tall man with a crisp looking suit and tie on. The most striking feature was his long, red hair. He resembled Rowena in a way. Well, minus the Scottish accent.
Sam opened his mouth again, but Jack was gone from reality. Inside his headspace, once more he opened that impenetrable wall, this time being easier than everytime else, and he let out his godly powers again. The process was much, much less intense and went smoothly. Maybe this was because this was a trivial thing, or maybe it was because of his repeated use of the powers that this was working.
"I don't care about our ages Mr. Novak. I think I am in love with you. I don't want anyone new, I just want you." Dean set the bag down and moved in closer to Castiel, he stood about chest high and he wrapped his arms around Castiel and pulled him into a hug.
"Last night Charlie... what happened?" Dean asks, his brain not quite able to put the pieces together.
Castiel took Dean's hand and led him down the hall to his bedroom. Once they were in the room, Dean pulled Castiel into him hard. Dean's hands ran over and down Castiel's body,  finding their place once again on his ass,  grinding their hips together. His devilish tongue was doing amazing things in his mouth and Castiel soon realized that air was completely overrated compared to the things Dean's mouth was doing to him.  The effect Dean was having on him was one that no other man ever had.  Lust and desire was building in him quickly, his own hands exploring Dean's muscular form.
Cas let go of his dick and dropped to his knees behind him, finger pulling out roughly, causing Dean to moan again. Dean felt Cas place both of his hands on his ass cheeks, spreading them apart as far as he could, before he felt his hot wet tongue lick and tease over his puckered hole. Dean couldn't hold back anymore, his moans echoed loud through the library, but he didnt care, Fuck Cas' tongue was amazing.
"I don't know what all was going on between the two of you, but I have a feeling if I hadn't shown up when I did, you wouldn't have woken up alone this morning"
"No Mr. Novak, I don't think you understand. I am going to miss you. I... " Dean paused, swallowing before starting again. "I have the biggest crush on you! I think you are amazing, and so gorgeous.... I... I think about you all the time, and I just don't know how I am going to make it without knowing I can see you whenever I want to."
Dean bit his lips, nodding his head... only managing to whimper "Please" before Cas stood behind him, unbuckling his belt, and pulling his pants to his ankles in a quick smooth movement. He spread his legs as far as he could and Cas reached one hand around grabbing his hard cock, stroking it fast as he snaked his other hand between his ass cheeks, his long finger teasing the puckered ring of muscle. Dean groaned again, pushing back into the touch, and Castiel pushed the tip of his finger into his ass.
I am not sure you will remember me. It has been quite awhile since we last saw each other. I was that annoying little kid who kept bugging you for pie.
Dean bit his lips, nodding his head... only managing to whimper "Please" before Cas stood behind him, unbuckling his belt, and pulling his pants to his ankles in a quick smooth movement. He spread his legs as far as he could and Cas reached one hand around grabbing his hard cock, stroking it fast as he snaked his other hand between his ass cheeks, his long finger teasing the puckered ring of muscle. Dean groaned again, pushing back into the touch, and Castiel pushed the tip of his finger into his ass.
One hand gripped his thigh as the other helped hold Dean's cock in the right position as he slowly sucked up and down his growing length. The feeling of Dean's penis hardening in his mouth, because of his mouth was amazing and this time it was Castiel who moaned, with Dean's dick in his mouth, causing Dean to gasp above him. Dean thread his fingers into Cas' hair, digging his fingers into his scalp. Castiel closed his eyes and relaxed, letting Dean push his head down, taking his now fully erect cock into his mouth completely, until he felt the zipper of his jeans digging into his chin as the head of Dean's dick pushed against the back of his throat. He held himself there until Dean tugged his hair, pulling him back off, his dick sliding out of his mouth and bobbing up, hitting his stomach. Dean let go of his hair and moaned, shifting his hips slightly. Keeping his eyes on Dean's once again, Castiel took him fully into his mouth again, letting go a moan when he felt him hit the back of his throat once again. Dean bucked his hips up into Cas and let go a deep groan as he dug his fingers into his hair, only adding a little pressure this time, letting Cas have complete control as he bobbed his head up and down on his dick.
Cas adds more saliva to his fingers as he presses a third into him. Dean presses back into him greedily as Cas slowly pushes his fingers in and out of his stretched hole.
When he turned back toward the counter, Dean had moved closer. "I can't believe how at home you look in my kitchen, and wearing my clothes." Dean came up behind him,  wrapping his arms around Castiel once more and nuzzling into his neck.
I am writing to you to let you know that I am coming home to Lawrence to visit some friends, and I was wondering if maybe I could stop by and see you as well. I know it's kind of short notice, and will not be able to wait for a response. So I have an idea, if you are ok with my stopping by for a visit, you could bake me a pie. You know my favorite (or at least I hope you remember), that way when I do stop by, if I can smell the pie baking I'll know it's ok to knock.
Castiel sat up as much as he could with Dean's fingers still in his ass and took Dean's face in his hands pulling him forward and kissing him sweetly. "No gag reflex" he winked "Over there" he nodded toward the door "Is a condom and extra lube. I need you in me now" he kissed him again before pushing him back, whimpering at the sudden loss of Dean's fingers.
"Well, if you had been enjoying that date in any way, you wouldn't be coming home with me." Castiel smiles pulling out of the lot. "And I wouldn't know what those amazing lips of yours taste like." He reaches over running his hand up Deans thigh "I can't wait to taste the rest of you."
Castiel opened the oven and pulled out the apple pie with his mitted hands. He heard the knock at the door he had been waiting for. Just like always, little Dean Winchester was just in time for his pie.
Dean lifted his head and looked up at Castiel. "Cas?" When Castiel just sat there, Dean crawled up to him, laying soft kisses on his shoulder. "Hey, listen. I don't know what all is going on here." he said taking Castiel's face in his hand and turning it toward him. His beautiful blue eyes met Dean's green ones. Dean placed his lips on his "But I would absolutely love it if you would please fuck me now." Dean slid his tongue into Castiel's mouth, showing his intent and desire, but when Castiel's met his fiercely Dean let him take control of the kiss, which left him breathless when Castiel finally pulled away. "Take me Cas, I need you to take me, I'm all yours, make me scream."
"Dean, don't you understand, you already do." Castiel bit him hungrily where the curve of his neck turns to shoulder.  Dean's knees give way, and Cas moves his thigh between his legs to hold him upright. Cas' continued to work Dean's cock, up and down slowly, deliberately, eliciting rough and ragged breaths and moans from Dean. He had watched carefully every time Dean had touched himself.  He knew exactly how Dean liked it, fingers grazing over the head before working back down, the light squeeze at the bottom as his hand moved back up.
Cas bites his lip, his hips rolling down onto Dean's penetrating fingers. "Ungh--Dean-- so close baby--" he moans.
Dean simply cannot believe he is sitting here right now. It's not that his "date" is unattractive. Sure, he's a little thicker, balding a little maybe, but those things didn't bother him, plus his Scottish accent was sexy as hell, if only the guy wasn't a complete douche. Fergus "call me Crowley" McLeod was the principal at Dean's little brother Sammy's school, and after Sammy had gotten into a fight with a boy named Gordon in the cafeteria, Dean had been asked to come in. Well, actually their father had been contacted first, but he was off on another bender, so it had once again fallen to Dean to take care of Sammy.
Cas pulled back, and looked at Dean quizzically then glanced over his shoulder looking down the hall. Dean chuckled lightly placing a light kiss at the corner of his mouth. "Easy there tiger, I'm not suggesting sex." Dean smirked, grabbing Castiel's ass and pulling him in hard against his body. "At least not tonight. The couch is super comfortable though. And I know that Darla would love it if you were here in the morning when she got up."
"Yea , come on Cas" Dean said reaching around his shoulders and pulling him in closer. "I'll save the biting for later" he whispered before Cas snuggled into him and Darla crawled up onto his lap. She snuggled in under Dean's other arm, her legs draped over both of their legs. They all settled in and watched the movie, Dean absently running his fingers through Castiel's hair the whole time.
Castiel pushed hard on Dean's shoulders, forcing him forward onto the bed, Dean just barely catching himself, landing on his elbows, ass sticking up in the air. Castiel quickly slapped his ass hard, causing Dean to whelp and the groan. "Do it again Cas, Fuck! Slap my ass" Dean shifted his knees up under him, lifting is ass further, and Castiel quickly obliged, smacking his ass until he could clearly see his hand print in the pink flesh. Dean was laying flat on his chest now, soft whimpering sounds pouring out of him. Castiel leaned in, gently running first his fingers then his tongue over the raised pink flesh. As his tongue and lips soothed over the hot flesh, ran his fingers over Dean's tight hole. Dean's breath hitched and he pressed back against Castiel.
The familiar feeling of his breath hitching and getting caught in his throat came. He struggled to regain his composure himself in front of Castiel, but that was impossible. It had already started no matter how much he willed it down. He started shaking out of his skin and his teeth started chattering. Racing thoughts appeared and his eyes moved erratically. The fear. The terror. Everything that he hated about himself came to the front of his mind and he couldn't stop it.
After the blue eye reveal, Castiel's vessel, or respectively Jimmy, had collapsed on the bed, now just a dead angel meatsuit, and Dean, now Castiel, had risen. Sam could immediately tell that Dean wasn't in full control, and his mind went into panic mode as he remembered the spectacle with Michael.
Sam looked towards Eileen for acknowledgement and she smiled sweetly at him. His heart immediately melted into a steaming puddle of love and adoration. He kissed her cheek tenderly in response.
Jack finally called out to Sam and Cas. They came out of abandoned homes and raced towards Jack, who was standing in front of a cellar to another abandoned and rotted house. Sam had a shotgun, silver bullets and a pistol, silver knives, holy water, salt, and just about anything he could fit on himself. Cas and Jack were fine as they were, but they were still cautious in opening the cellar. Jack seamlessly yanked the lock off and the putrid smell of blood filled all of their nostrils.
Dean's ass shot up in the air as he bent down, and once again using the distraction, he removed his jeans from around his ankles, taking his socks with them as well. Showing his flexibility, he rose up slowly, his body moving erotically as if he was a snake.
Castiel followed him with his gaze and Dean moved in slowly, inching towards his face, his lips and leaning his entire body against Castiel's. Their lips met, danced around tenderly before Dean's lips parted and his tongue peeked out, just as shy as Dean is when it want something, and Castiel gladly took the lead, licking Dean's bottom lip to invite the tongue back out. He didn't know if it was the dream or if Dean ate some of the treats, but he tasted like chocolate and it made Castiel hum with pleasure.
"Thank you." The tiniest voice he ever heard startled him from his thoughts, and his eyes snapped to the source. Castiel was kneeling by his brother's bed, looking up at Dean, his eyes soft and grateful. Dean gulped as he stared at the alpha, but Castiel managed to rip his eyes away and focus on his brother.
But then Dean turned to him and looked at Castiel with that same adoration in his eyes and reached with his other hand and without skipping a beat, Castiel came closer and took it, and Dean squeezed tight, a small smile spreading over his face.
And as awful as it may sound, Dean kinda got used to Alistair. He knew what to expect, he knew Alistair would fuck him and then leave him, use him and discard him, and he was ok with that, he was fine to go back to his little room in the club and heal as much as he could for the next time or for the show.
Perhaps it was the reason why Dean did it? To show them he isn't a defencless omega and that he could take control whenever he wanted? In any case, it made them back off. And yes, it hurt Castiel, left him scared and trembling, the mere memory of it, of Dean sinking his teeth into his neck... But maybe he did it to protect Castiel? In a way?
"Tell me what you want me to do." He said, his voice somehow both strong and confident, and soft and kind. But it seemed like that was enough to get Dean going again and he took a deep breath, smiled nervously and nodded. He turned and opened the taps, fixing the temperature of the spray inside the shower and turned back to Castiel. He took another deep breath and took a step closer.
Hearing that "Yes." was such a fucking relief, Dean felt he might just slump down on the ground. "Yes, I am here. I am sorry Dean." The voice on the other side said, sad and regretful and Dean knew he had to sooth him. So he told him he will be fine, nothing a little ice-pack wouldn't fix. The truth was, Dean was kind of used to being punched in the face, either by protecting Sammy in school, or later getting into fights over girl and with assholes who didn't know how to take no for an answer. Or nowadays, when he exposed someone and they managed to find him. Which was rare, and even if they did, Dean knew how to avoid getting hit. He still remembered that asshole Adler from the Sandover exposé, and how pathetic he was. He took a swing and Dean just took a step back, so the guy lost his balance, tripped and fell face first, braking his own nose in the process.
He felt so drawn to him, to his positive attitude and good-hearted nature, but didn't dare hope he could ever be with him. He was too fucked up. Had too many issues and was antisocial. What would Dean want with a screw up like him, anyway?
He blushed slightly, his eyes definitely falling on her rainbow pride pin, an odd glint in his eyes as he caught his lower lip between his teeth. He seemed like he wanted to say something, but was holding back for whatever reason. "I know I wouldn't mind." He said too shyly, his words a quiet whisper.
Castiel stood there, stunned for a moment, before he reached towards Dean, having a strong urge to comfort him. He set his hand on Dean's shoulder, and was left confused by Dean's sudden shuddering intake of breath and the way he tensed ever more after that. His voice was shaky when he tried to speak, but all it came was a single "I..." Castiel nudged him to turn around, completely baffled by the deep blush on his cheeks. They were beat red, so much so, that his adorable freckles were pale in comparison. His eyes were closed and he was worrying his lower lip, nibbling on it nervously and Castiel had no idea what was happening.
Yes, Castiel was nervous. Scratch that, he was a wreck. Last night when Dean left, all he could think about was him, of those innocent emerald eyes of his that pleaded for safety and security. He saw so much fear and pain in them, but at the same time so much life and possibilities, so many chances and unexplored moments. He saw the world in them, the bright green fields of grass and the dark forests, the eyes showing a soul that was so willing to open up to someone but bore such dark secrets.
"Ok, we should get going. Gabriel should be up and about after his shift at the Roadhouse and we have just enough time to go see him." Dean said and got up and headed for the door, dragging Cas along when Sam's words made him pause.
The short British man simply nodded at them when they entered the club, and Castiel at the stage, the image of Dean dancing around the pole flashing briefly in his mind, but he shook it off to focus on the more important issue. The bartender walked them towards the back and they passed those two dancers Castiel encountered before - Kevin and Adam. And while Kevin didn't even make eye contact, Adam had a condescending and a disgusted look on his face as he watched them pass by. In any other circumstances, Castiel might have wondered why he was like that, but now? There was something more important to do.
"Oh, wow. You look... Great." He was going to go for beautiful, amazing, all of the above, but stopped himself before he made Dean too uncomfortable.
Yeah, Whitesnake had a good point, was that what falling in love felt like? Or was this all just one big elaborate dream? But it felt too real, and Dean felt that even if he did try to back away, to close up, to put the walls up, that they would just crumble down from just one look of those bright blue eyes.
"He wasn't what I expected and I soon realized I made a mistake. But I also realized one more thing…" Castiel's brows quirked up in curiosity. "There was… There was still something about his scent and his eyes, but I didn't know what it was… I didn't know until… Until I saw you."
"Yeah, you are. But it was worth it." He said and there it was again, that buzzing in the air Castile could feel crawl under his skin. He had no idea what it was, and didn't have time to consider it as Dean slowly, but steadily turned and started walking back towards the main hall.
"Is alright, Red. Talk to you later, okay." He said it, and meant it. He would talk to her and try to understand  why she kept this from him. Right now, he needed to get to Cas, make sure he was alright.
"Go away, asshole." Adam spoke, his voice filled with pain and Dean sighed in sorrow. Adam would always throw anger filled comments at him whenever he tried to help, it was his coping mechanism and Dean knew it. And as always, he completely disregarded all of them as he helped Adam up and to the bathroom and cleaned him up, as best as Adam would let him. He didn't seem to be bleeding, so Dean just left it alone, only making sure Adam had enough of the antiseptic numbing crème for his... Lower back.
Most of that night Castiel spent trashing the penthouse, destroying everything that irked him, but completely unable to even touch anything that reminded him of Dean.
Dean feared this would happen. But he was too weak to deal with it now, so he just tightened his embrace, shushed him and told him it is okay, it will be okay. They will be okay.
Still, Dean seems to relax to the sound of his voice and gripped his hand tight and Castiel forced himself to smile at him and hide away the guilt he felt. Dean kept his gaze on him as if he feared Castiel would just disappear if he closed his eyes and the dark haired man felt a necessity to assure him.
"Eloquent." Dean teased, but Cas didn't seem to care. He just huffed and continued to rub himself against Dean's leg, his hands going from Dean's ass up to his back and then down again. It felt good to have Cas' hands on him like this, but this wasn't about him, this was about Cas. And Cas needed some stress relief. "Can I touch you?"
Even Cas seemed to be coming out of his shell, just a little bit. Normally, in situations like these he would curl into himself, not wanting to draw attention and just barely move. Gabriel would have to remind him a few times to pick up his fork and eat, and Cas would reluctantly do so, his movements fast and to the point. He would always be so tense and never dare to look up at any others that were at the table.
I had a bit of a struggle with this chapter so I asked  a friend to read it, and well, they approved. So this chapter was beta-ed by
"It's gonna be alright, Cas." He said slowly moving away from him. "It's gonna be alright, I won't touch you." Cas clearly wasn't all there, but at least he calmed down a fraction as Dean retreated further away. "I'll be right here, Cas, I am here, but I won't touch you." He repeated and sank down to the floor, leaning on the bed with his upper body and staying in Cas' visual range, not that Cas had his eyes open at that moment. He sat his hand on the bed, close so that Cas could reach if he needed to, and set his head down on the mattress.
They sat at the only available booth in the back of the coffee shop, isolated and cosy, and Dean seemed to relax once they ordered. Castiel was still curious about what would make Dean act like he did, but he dared not ask. It wasn't his place. Instead he opted to tell Dean how much fun he was having.
"Why don't you eat up, and I'll go get you your bag. I'm not sure how much of the stuff is dry, so if you want, I can wash it for you as well. Maybe borrow you one of my sweats until the clothes are dry?" Dean offered, getting up, turning towards the door, but still remaining focused on Cas.
And within minutes they were moving through the crowd, from one stage to the other, watching and listening to some amazing people play instruments, and Castiel tried to get his attention to... A guy with bongos, or the girl with violin that was actually planning Metallica, but Dean was as silent as ever.
"Oh, I..." Cas said, somehow managing to look pale and blushing red at the same time, probably not understanding what Charlie was saying.
And thus our story begins. I know this was more of a background, and I promise, the next chapter is all about that poor omega. We will have more background noise later, but my intended focus will be on the pairing.
"Well, that is... Flattering." Dean said and the alpha slouched, tips of his ears going red to match the color of his face. "But we don't have to go down to get to the outside... We could go up." The alpha snapped his confused eyes at him and Dean clarified "We do have a roof terrace here too..." So they decided to head out there after breakfast. They finished with the dishes and went to Dean's room to put some clothes on. But naturally seeing Dean remove his bathrobe aroused the alpha, and silly little alpha tried to hide it.
Castiel bowed his head and - right on cue - blushed at Dean's offer, and Dean actually seemed delighted by his reaction, then quickly excused himself and left, probably to finish that breakfast he mentioned. Gabriel so didn't feel like cooking and he was glad for the offered meal, wondering what will the offered food be? He could really go for some bacon and eggs, but his inner omega craved for some waffles too.
The tea was done and Castiel choose to have it in the kitchen, dipping the cookie in it and preparing to feel the sweet taste of honey. Just as he was about to lift it to his mouth, the doorbell rang, startling him. Castiel turned towards his front door as if he would find the person that rang the bell behind it, and just stared at it for a moment, the soggy cookie breaking off and falling into his tea mug.
There was a hint of hurt in those wide eyes as Sam fell backward, gone as soon as he realized the omega followed, crawling up to him with so much lust in his eyes, it felt as if he was going to eat Sam alive. Reaching his throbbing cock, Gabriel licked his lips then licked a long stripe from the base up, swirling his tongue around the head once he reached the top.
"Hello." Cas said, the way he normally did, but it somehow lightened the mood. "I am Castiel Novak."
"Balth says the breakfast is almost done and once they finish serving, we could have whatever there is left. I already ate this morning, but even I can't say no to ham and egg sandwich." Dean said and Castiel just nodded. He could eat too. Dean kept looking at him as if he was waiting for Castiel to say something and when he didn't, Dean kept talking. "My brother says I am weird, but I like mayo with boiled eggs. You think that's weird?"
"Unless you have been hiding him?" Ketch almost teased. Everyone tensed as the commander came closer, but as soon as the perspective changed and he saw just how tall Sam was, he paused and tried to look cool and collected. "He is too big to be a beta. And has a strong scent, just like alphas do. Just like your alpha does..."
Over the next few days, Castiel tried to find a place to rent, but everyone wanted too much money in advance. He went to see Mr. Crowley twice to agree to have them publish his book, but both times Ruby informed him he was out of town, and maybe it was for the best. Because if he agreed, he would have to ask Dean to help him advertise it, or would have to use that 'angel' thing his papers published, and he still didn't really want that.
“Dean…” Cas tried, but hadn’t protested when Dean grabbed his hand and pulled him out of the room. “Dean…” He tried again as Dean left him standing in the middle of their room to tell the guards they would need bath water now and  food delivered in about two hours. “Dean…” He whined again,probably trying to get the omega’s attention as Dean stripped him.
"I... I'm a little claustrophobic." He finally uttered and Dean - Dean himself had to reach and lift his chin, and force Cas to look at him like the roles were reversed. Dean's expression was so filled with understanding and there was not an ounce of tease, no pity, no mock in them that a big, strong, powerful man such as Castiel Novak was afraid of a little tight space and some darkness.
It was like Castiel knew what Dean was thinking, and still asleep, he tightened his arms around Dean, humming in delight. This must be so good for him, to have someone next to him, not doing anything, just... Being there. Dean has learned a lot about Castiel, but never quite understood why he was alone. He sure was a great guy with those piercing blue eyes of his that were more beautiful then then the sky, a body that was hot and masculine, it would knock anyone off their feet. He was such a generous lover, tender and caring, and not just in bed.
The cool air made him shiver for a moment, drawing him to desire that warmth of that body he felt this morning but the voice in his head snapped him out of it again, rushing him into the shower booth. He quickly soaked his skin and washed himself, paying special attention to the private parts. The voice in his his head told him he should prepare, so he took a few minutes longer to rinse, his hand slowly reaching behind him as if it was guided by somebody else.
"Oh, thank Heavens!" Balthazar exhaled as he laid his eyes on Castiel. Meg was outside with him as they set the serving table and she frowned deeply as Balthazar's exclamation. The man ignored her and came up to Castiel, his hand reaching for his upper arm and resting there for comfort. "I went to the apartment to check on you and you weren't there."
When he came back minutes later, with the a steaming mug in his hand, he found Cas still sitting in the bed, covered, looking sadly over his - really wet- belongings. "Come on. Lemme take those and wash them. Got your coffee."
"But! For his scheme to work, he had to adopt you both back then. Legally you two were his sons, and so... After he died, you inherited everything. His house and the club. All that money he
"Thanks." It felt good to have his words acknowledged by someone. Naomi was too arrogant and confident, and she might have known his style, but no way could she copy it. "Yeah, chief decided the article wasn't... Explosive enough, and the idiot that is me gave her all my notes..."
Dean had no idea what he was doing. Cas being there in his apartment, safe and sound, made him feel immense relief, but now he had a whole new problem - getting him to stay. It worked, or so Dean hoped, to bribe him with favors and loans, but at the end, nothing could really prevent Cas from leaving (short from Dean actually breaking his leg - wait, what? Where did that come from?).
I have no idea how the laws in USA work, and how a person who has lost their ID/driver's license/ Social Security Number card can get any of it back, but I did ask around and honestly? I don't like what I found. So I am working under the assumption that if one was to lose all of their belongings, if they knew their SSN by heart, they could take out a new ID at the Social Security Administration office (SSAO) after they pay a fine for the issuing of the same. In order to acquire access to their bank-account, a person has to have said ID or any other form of identification. I do know some banks only require the account number and the SSN to allow a person access, but this suits the flow of my story better, so I am going with it.
Castiel rocked once, his groin grinding against Dean's trapped cock making him groan. The sound was completely swallowed by Castiel as he kept his passionate attack on Dean's lips and mouth. The next moan managed to slip away as Castiel took Dean's lower lip and nibbed on it, sucking on it slightly while continuing to rock back and forth.
The town center was so much different on weekends, Castiel was amazed! It turned from a business people filled Wall Street to a... space filled with families and kids running around and music and just... It was unbelievable.
Castiel bowed his head lower and seemed to shrink on himself, but handed the cases without a word and Dean turned, leading them up the stairs. They hadn't even made to the first floor when the doors to the first apartment on the left swung open and a chipper looking redhead stepped out.
"That would take up too much time and we would miss the restaurant opening." Castiel said as he came up to him from behind and slipped his hands over Dean's waist, hugging him. "This is faster. And besides... I think we can come up with something to distract you..." He whispered and blew hot air into Dean's neck, making him shiver.
"No, I liked it... I'm just... Stuffed." He said with a smile, pushing a cut piece ariund the plate.
The second kiss was even better then the first and for the first time in his life, Dean felt like he could have something, something for himself. Not that he deserved anything, but that, just this once, the universe won't mind if he dared to be just a bit selfish. Besides, this would be good for Castiel too, right? Dean didn't know what the man thought of him, or if he liked him, even if all the signs pointed that he did, because Dean never had a chance to learn how to read those signals. But he knew one thing. Castiel worked hard trying to maintain his company, and had almost no social life, and Dean could see that he was lonely.
"Dean. Dean! It's okay Dean. You won't hurt me, you won't. Okay?" Castiel said the first thing that came to mind, not even sure if Dean meant him or not, but at this point he would say anything just to get Dean to calm down. They just needed to last this one night here and then in the morning, Dean and Sam would be out of the hospital and settling down in their new home.
"Yeah? That's good. Maybe... Maybe we could go out for some fresh air?" Dean offered and could see the alpha flinch, turning his eyes down and away. It took Dean only a second to understand, to piece together why Cas would react like this. Out meant outside, as in the yard, and the last time Cas was there, Dean was there too and he bit him. He forced a claim on him.
Cas skimmed through it within a minute, humming as he kept scrolling down, then went back and reread it again, slower that time. When he was finished, he looked up at Dean with a dose of uncertainty in his eyes, starting to say something, then closing his mouth shut.
"Hold on, lemme put you on speaker." He said and did just that. As soon as he clicked the line, Charlie sounded again.
Time stood still. Castiel's hand stopped, but his body worked on it's own, thrusting up into the loose fist as he rode his orgasm, his eyes glued to Dean, wide, scared, ashamed. How could he do this? How could he be so reckless?
"I want you to stay..." He whispered as his kisses reached just behind Gabriel's ear, the warm breath and the words making the omega shiver.
Dean didn't ask much about Castiel and his life, but he suck up every piece of information Castiel decided to give. It was so easy, being with him, talking and having a bit of fun, not that Castiel hadn't blushed a couple of times during the meal. Still, the moment he felt truly embarrassed was when the check came, and Dean picked it up like it was no big deal.
"Ok... ok..." Castiel said, trying to calm them both down and Dean toned down, refocusing on him again. "Ok, how about we take a shooouu... Oh, dear God! How about
Dean had been on the streets for three months, and learned pretty fast what types of people there were out there. Most of them were sad, but kind and grateful for any kind of help, but there were some whose sadness turned into anger and they would lash out.
Dean's heart still raced constantly, but not because of the fear, rather cause of Castiel's hand's caressing him and his half naked body so close, wet and the way he would lean to whisper reassurances into Dean's ear making him shiver and secretly biting down on his lower lip trying to draw in his slowly growing hard-on.
The second he stepped out of the bathroom, he noticed Dean curled up on the floor next to the door, his arms around his knees and his head buried down in the small space between as he sat against the wall. All other thoughts flew out of the window as Castiel knelt beside him, alarmed, and set his hand on Dean's shoulder at the same time Dean lifted his head. His worry filled eyes roamed all over Dean's face, not finding a single sign of discomfort aside from the slight fear in those beautiful greens of his. "Dean?"
"Mngmg..." the alpha grumbled and snuggled even more. It was like his mind refused to awake, feeling too shy or embarrassed and Dean was pretty sure if he turned around, he would find his alpha blushing.
But the alpha would never do that to him, so why? What changed? Dean hadn't seen him all day, and when he finally found him, the alpha seemed hesitant, fidgety and… His scent was off. Different. More… Profound.
They both hung there, speechless and chest heaving, and Dean opened his eyes to find Cas’ face averted away, furiously red and… were those tears in his eyes? Despite feeling lightheaded, and stupidly aroused by this whole ordeal, Dean looked back at him feeling sympathetic, and wanting nothing more than to wipe that look off his face. He was just about to try and speak, when Cas beat him to it.
"Yes. That... That is acceptable." Cas replied, still looking a bit shocked. That was a lot of money, but Dean knew Cas totally deserved it. The job offer too.
The thought amused Castiel enough to make the tiniest smile creep on his face. Dean did seem to know his way around the kitchen and his stew was way better then any Balthazar or himself had ever prepared. So he nodded and Balthazar let him go. The closer he got to the kitchen, the more he could feel that amazing, mouth-watering smell, a familiar mixture he just can't put into words yet.
He confirmed Dean's suspicions that there was a possibility that the hospital wouldn't admit him, or if they did, he would have one hell of a medical bill hanging over his head. He said Cas should be fine once he took a couple of days to rest up, but when Dean told him about his housing arrangement, Zeke grew concerned, saying he needed a more comfortable, dry and better heated environment, along with someone to watch over him for the next few days.
Over the next five days Dean spent every evening with Castiel, relishing in whatever he could get. A whiff of his scent, a sound of his hum, a brush of his knee. As the days progresses, the closer the two got. First it was a leg pressed against the other, then a hip. A small brush of an arm, before the shoulders touched and they leaned into one another, getting lost in each other's scent, in the comfort it provided.
"Rewind it again!" Castiel said and watched as Dean got into the car, his head turned away from the camera until it wasn't. There was clear panic in his expression as he turned but then his head got slammed into the window and Castiel fucking growled like a wild animal making the room extremely silent. Guilt and rage hit him in waves and he couldn't focus and he couldn't even move and thank God nobody tried to reach him, talk to him or touch him at that moment because he could have ripped someone's head off.
"Morning, Cas." the omega replied with a mesmerising wide smile, his eyes sparkling with joy and mischief. "I see you still like to sleep on the floor. Or did you fall down during the night and just didn't notice?" With a little dignity he had left, Castiel rose to his feet and put on some robes as if he was trying to hide himself in it, because he certainly didn't need it to cover any nudity - he still slept mostly clothed.
“Slowly. Listen. Feel the lock, feel it click.” Dean said, and Castiel was confused for a moment, how could he possibly know that? Still, Castiel only nodded and did as Dean said, approaching the task with a newfound calmness. He was beyond pleased when he succeeded. A wide smile spread upon his face as the collar opened and slipped, revealing the tall column of Dean’s neck, fully exposed and completely captivating. Castiel’s lips parted and he could feel his mouth begin to water but he blinked and snapped himself out of it. Dean remained in the same position, his neck bared to the alpha and Castiel slowly took a few steps back.
"Fuck." He muttered under his breath, and ignored the cab driver that glanced at him in the rearview mirror. All he thought about was getting to Cas, and as soon a possible if not before, because it felt like a second later might be too late. If it wasn't already.
"Hey, um... We're all done here, you need anything else?" Dean asked once the two of them cleaned the rest of the plates and the kitchen.
Alright, the candles had to go, they were too much. Maybe he could swap this candle stand for a simpler one and set just one candle, that would be... Castiel shouted in surprise when his trenchcoat caught the flame of the candles and he quickly withdrew, shaking his hand and finally taking a glass of water and dousing the flames. He ended up laughing at himself, being too busy thinking about this diner that he forgot to take off his coat. He folded it and threw it on the chair away from their diner set up and went to take his suit jacket off too, but stopped, thinking it might be... Too inappropriate. But leaving it on would be too formal and he didn't want to look formal... Ok, maybe he could just take off the tie and unbutton... No, no unbuttoning the shirt. That might give out the wrong idea. Yeah, ok, leave the jacket, loose the tie, choke on the collar. Good.
They ended up spending the evening watching one show after another, laughing and commenting. More then once Castiel glanced at Dean, sneaking a look at his plush lips, thinking how easily Dean could have been an actor in one of those shows and how all the fangirls would easily fall for him.
"Cuff him." Ketch said all smug, and waved his taser club in front of Dean's nose, daring him to make a move. The other officers started to crowd the alpha, tasers in hands, and Dean could hear the pleading silent sobs Castiel whined out, his eyes wide and scared, darting from the men to their clubs as he curled into himself and slowly backed away into a wall. His fearful blue eyes looked back at Dean, hope that Dean could stop them slowly dying out in his eyes and Dean couldn't stand it.
Truth was, Gabriel was terrified. His heart was racing, pounding so hard he could practically feel it in his ears. His hands were shaking and sweating and he was barely able to breathe. Fear roamed inside his mind asking him what the fuck he was doing, but he just... Couldn't stop. He had never felt so alive than he did in this moment, as the blood rushed through his system, pumping adrenaline, but also making him high. High on that scent that seemed to intensify as he went deeper into the apartment, like it was... Luring him in.
Dean was at a complete loss at how things ended up this bad. His dumb ass didn't think Castiel would be this upset, but now that he thought about it, the man had a point. He took away someone else's chance for a warm meal and a soft bed. But then again, he might have saved Castiel from bringing a wrong person home.
Castiel instead tried to focus on the fact that Dean had a brother. He never told Castiel anything about the man specifically, just came up in the conversation. Castiel hadn't even learnt the man's name.
"Over here!" She called from a desk to the right, a spot right under a high window that was the only source of light during the day. Dean knew it was her favorite spot. She was busy typing something so fast, Dean thought the keyboard would catch on fire. However, as soon as they came near, she stopped, turned more bodily towards them and grinned widely. This is where she would normally scream a high pitched 'Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!', but instead she just said a plain "Hello."
He didn't know how he had enough focus to catch a glimpse of Castiel's hand reaching towards him, and stopping midway, hesitant and nervous and suddenly he wanted that hand on him, anywhere, on his chest, on his neck, on his ass, it didn't matter as long as he could feel it's warmth. And
When Castiel's hands didn't move, Dean pulled away and gazed into his alpha's eyes, searching. Not figuring what it was he was seeing, his scent turned, a wave of burnt marshmallows filling the room. "I'm sorry, I... I didn't mean to be pushy, you're... Maybe I should stop..." Dean said and started to pull away.
A man like Dean would haunt Castiel's dreams, if they weren't already filled with nightmares. Still, it would have been a nice notion, to dream about Dean, like he did that night the man spent sleeping in his bed.
Gabriel and Sam were bringing out the dishes and setting the table as Castiel helped Dean man the grill. Juicy burgers and delicious sausages sizzled, the whole yard smelling of barbeque, apple sauce and honey, happiness oozing into the air, everyone smiling and chatting, and Gabriel and Castiel listening to the brother's playful banter.
"A word." Michael said to the three and all nodded, then turned to move through an archway. Michael paused, glancing at Castiel once again and letting a deep sigh before altering his direction. He opened a kitchen cabinet, took out some bread and a plate with a chicken leg on it, set it in front of Castiel and only then turned to join the others.
When Castiel tried to pull away, Dean's grip tightened slightly before letting go, and Dean himself stirred. He groaned as he moved his head, making his neck give these awful cracking noises. He opened his eyes, looked down at Castiel and let his hand slide away from him.
Dean's warm lips were leaving a wet trail on the skin down his neck, occasionally pressing harder or applying suction, and on Castiel's third attempt the suction to a particular place close to his mating gland intensified. When Castiel called out for that fourth time, he could feel Dean's sharp teeth graze against his skin and he cried out, the tears in his eyes finally spilling as his orgasm hit him like a tidal way, much more powerful than any other he had ever experienced and… apparently, much less messier.
When Dean pulled back and took it all in, he felt oddly aroused. Castiel bound, his bare chest heaving, his lip glistering in the light... His throbbing cock twitching next to Dean's... And his lust blown blue eyes piercing through Dean as if they were daring him to do more. So Dean did more. He trailed hard bite-like kisses down Castiel's neck marking him with hickeys and bruises before he reached those perky nipples and sunk their teeth into each, making Castiel cry out and spasm underneath him.
"Being an omega is generally hard when most alphas think we are just easy and would do anything for a knot. But my father taught me how to fight, so there wasn't an alpha that could get a jump on me, not that they haven't tried. I was just… Always smarter than them. Stronger and more skilled in a fight. They never stood a chance." There was a slight nostalgic smile on Dean's face as he started into the distance, memories of his old life most likely flashing before his eyes. But then he snapped out of it and turned to look at Castiel, the next words seemed more important somehow.
"Yeah, Sammy, it's me... It's... You're okay. You're gonna be okay..." He said as he reached and draped his arms around his brother, head coming to almost lie on his chest, eyes tearing up and a small sob escaping his lips. His brother's breathing hitched under his ear, but he didn't move, and Dean wasn't even sure if he could yet. "It's going to be okay... I'm here and we're gonna be okay..."
Castiel could feel the exact moment Dean relaxed into their kiss, and he felt Dean's hands come up to him, shaking and shy, reluctant to do anything they weren't told to do. But then they wrapped themselves around Castiel, and it felt so good, to be held by someone, to be touched and at least a bit cared for. To have someone to hold, and someone to hold him back. It felt even better when those hands tightened around his waist, even if it should be a bit awkward considering they were flush against each other, their flaccid cocks... Touching. Castiel didn't care and he hoped Dean didn't either. He felt so... Happy, dared he say.
He saw the man looking into his eyes, searching, confused and concerned a bit. And as if he seemed to have found what he was looking for, his expression turned into slight shame and he pulled away and got off the bed. Dean blinked a few times, confused and then rose up to see what Mr. Novak was doing. Maybe he was considering using a lubricant?
Dean started rocking back and forth, making Castiel gasp loudly at the sensation that spread from his crotch through his entire body; it felt as though he was set ablaze. His gasp broke the heated kiss, yet Dean didn't mind, his lips traveling across Castiel's jaw and down to his neck, making the alpha go crazy.
Dean's face turned serious as he rose from lying on his stomach to sit on the edge of the bed. The omega took a deep breath that seemed to suck up all the air out of the room, because suddenly,  Castiel felt it harder to breathe. Dean patted the bed next to him. "Come, sit with me." Castiel immediately obeyed.
She did stare at him a lot yesterday, and today she decided to approach and talk to him. "I know who you are..." She sang the words and gave Dean a quick one-brow flicker, followed by a one-sided smile.
with his... With Castiel. But the alpha was nowhere in sight, the bed empty and cold, but the room filled with the sweet fragrance of sandalwood and honey. He was close.
"Oooouhhhhhh..." was what he let out when Castiel reached those nipples, took one in his wet mouth and sucked on it just a bit before pulling back and brushing it with his tongue, teasing. Dean was starting to breathe harder, his hands intertwined in Castiel's hair because the man wouldn't allow them anywhere else. Dean took a fistfull of hair and tugged at it a bit, grounding himself with that action. It was even worse when Castiel moved to the other nipple, teasing the first one with his thumb. Fuck ,it was like Dean could feel all the ridges of his fingerprints.
They arrived at a random house in the middle of the town, a place not too spacious, but clean. Castiel took tentative steps, the front door opening to a kitchen/common room, that familiar scent even more palpable in the air. An alpha. It was an alpha. An alpha that smelled of mountains and ozone and clouds, though Castiel knew he had never smelled any of those things and should not know what they were.
"You... You want to mate me? Me?" Castiel finally asked, then lifted his head and his gaze up to the omega. There was so much disbelief and hope in those baby blues, it just tore into Dean, making his inner omega fucking roar at him.
"I am." Cas interrupted with a reassuring smile, setting his hand on Dean's knee as he turned towards him. "I look forward to seeing where you work and meeting your friends."
"Oh, yeah... That's... Hummfn..." Dean hummed, throwing his head back and exposing his long, entrancing neck to the alpha. Without thinking, Cas latched on, wanting, needing to taste him, to get his fill of that delicious chocolate flavor. Dean whined when he felt the alpha's lips press down on his skin, his kisses sweet and caring, just like his movements. They were slow, too slow for what Dean was used to, but much more loving and thus much better then anything Dean ever experienced. Because this was his Alpha. His mate.
Needless to say, when he got Dean's message later that night, Gabriel was shocked first, then extremely thrilled that everything seemed to have worked out. It was little unclear how Cas even managed to fall into rut considering all the meds he had to take, but Gabriel just contributed it to the bite and the bond between him and Dean.
"That's… That's okay. He's going to come to, eventually. He just needs all of his strength in his body right now, not his mind." Michael said, not sounding completely convinced, the words meant more as comfort than an actual prediction. But it didn't matter. Castiel would do whatever it took.
The strangest thing about this case though, was that the people who disappeared, actually returned, happier and smiling, but none of them wanted to share what exactly happened. They seemed to be doing better generally, turned their lives around, living without the stress, the depression, the regular issues that normally weigh them on.
He seemed to be doing that a lot, unable to contain his unimpressed feelings for Castiel, or rather Prince James. His words and actions, however, held a different weight, as if she was trying to gain the prince's favor. Perhaps even his trust? Whatever it was, Castiel knew he would have to keep an eye on him.
"Um..." He said letting go of the knob and turning towards Castiel, scared and uncertain. "Um... Do I... Do..."
"Cas." Dean said to draw Castiel's attention. "You take these. I'm good." He said and nodded towards the still steaming buns.
It felt liberating, to act on his own, and scary, because there was always a possibility of rejection, but Dean was... He was so good, so receptive and somehow able to see and feel what Castiel needed, and willing to let him have it. It was getting impossible to hold up the walls, and Castiel was so unsure why he even kept them up.
By the time they settled, they were both pretty tired from all the physical activities of the day, and I do mean swimming, and when Castiel came back to the bedroom after taking a call from work, he found Dean peacefully asleep. Slowly the crawled into bed next to him and just watched him, taking in the sight of his gentle features, his lips that pouted when he slept, and the adorable freckles that dusted his nose. To Castiel, he was beautiful, and he only wished he could fall asleep gazing into those breathtaking emerald greens that bore so many emotions and weight behind them, that Castiel had no idea how they carried it all.
"I am so sorry, Castiel. Tell me what can I do to help?" Balthazar offered and the things that Castiel hadn't even considered came crashing down on him. He had no clothes. He had no money. He had nothing.
The first thing Cas noticed was that he was in bed. The second thing he noticed was that his omeg... Dean wasn't by his side. Two seconds later he was in full panic mode, shaking as his inner alpha was clawing it's way to the surface and roaring at Castiel to go find
Luckily, Dean's nose wasn't broken this time, but it did hurt like a son of a bitch and Dean went to fish an ice pack from the freezer before going to bed. AS he laid there in his room, head turned to the ceiling and the ice pack obstructing his vision, forcing him to keep his eyes closed, Dean couldn't help but think about Cas again. How strong he seemed, how despite loosing his home, he fought through, not once asking for help, or whining, or... Giving up. He kept on fighting.
Those pink lips were opening, but no words came out... Or maybe Dean just couldn't hear them? A mere second later, the water left his ears and he could hear the concern in Castiel's voice.
So he leaned in and captured Dean's lips once more, and just let him enjoy the softness and the tenderness of the kiss. He lazily caught the lower lip and only barely grazed it with his teeth and he could tell by the small whimper that Dean enjoyed that too. So he pulled it a bit more, sucked it between his teeth and ran his tongue over it. Dean released another silent moan and finally reached for Castiel. He set his hand on the man's bare arm and slowly traced it down, then up to his shoulder, over his collarbone and to his chest. Castiel's own hand mimicked Dean's motions and the moment he laid his hand on Dean's chest he could feel his heartbeat, slightly faster, but strong and almost determined.
"Why didn't you tell me? I stood there, looking at that burnt down building and... I ran. I ran to the shelter and then I just... There you were, sleeping amongst... Along with the others. And it all clicked - the way you acted, how you turn up here before me, and always have a reason to stay behind and some of Meg's comments and... I just don't... Why? Why didn't you tell me."
His breath hitching, Dean reached with shaky hands and took Castiel's, then slowly lead them to his own hips. His eyes slipped onto the bath creme and then back at Castiel and Castiel smiled, finally getting it. Being as gentle and as meticulous as Dean was, he slowly and tenderly washed his body, a smile plastered on his face as he looked at Dean and seeing how much he was enjoying this. It was when he reached his nether regions that he paused, and waited for Dean to tell or rather show him what to do next. Dean's erection was as present as ever, but that wasn't as thrilling as it would be if it was a natural occurrence.
"I told you, I am okay. Better even. Better then I ever remember being, actually." Gabriel said mouthful, then flashed Sam a pancake smile. The alpha's nose scrunched up, but the smile on his face remained.
His hand still lay stretched over towards the omega, close, but not touching and he stared at it blindly, his thoughts too jumbled to make any sense right now. Yet his mind wouldn't let him drift off, his subconscious waiting for something beyond Castiel's comprehension.
At yet, he danced, moved seductively on the stage and around that pole, doing it without really noticing, he was just that well rehearsed. Alistair was right there, front row seat, just as he promised, licking that beer bottle and throwing peanuts in his mouth. A part of Dean wished he would choke on them.
"And you... You brought me... Here? To your home..." Cas asked, so many more questions contained in that one. He was soaking wet and covered in muddy water when he went down, and now... He was mostly clean and in dry shirt, and... Yeah... Best rip that band-aid right off, right?
"Open. The. Gate." Ketch threatened and Dean knew he had to comply to that, or risking getting arrested himself for obstruction.
That first year Dean would cry himself to sleep. The second year was a bit easier to bear. Not that Alistair got any less rough, but he didn't have any new ideas, and all he ended up was chasing his own pleasure. A few times he would grab Dean's dick and vigorously yank at it as if he was trying to jerk him off while fucking him, but he didn't even notice Dean was soft. Or he didn't care.
' to guilt him into it. He had hoped it would help Castiel, but so far, nothing had really changed. Cas would just come, serve the people with a smile and leave after it was done.
Whether it was Castiel's smell, his heart beat or just the fact that he was holding him and that Dean felt safe in that embrace, he finally came to with a small gasp. He clenched Castiel's shirt hard and buried his face in the crook of his neck, letting out a small, gut wrenching sob.
The omega threw the sheets off and stood up, proud and naked, and shuddered as Sam's eyes roamed everywhere. What would it be like to have his strong hands do the same?
The world around them didn't exist, all that there was, was the sweet copery taste of blood in Dean's mouth and a shaking, scared alpha he was pressing against the wall. Instinctively, Dean licked the wound clean making the alpha shudder underneath him, a small terrified whine escaping him.
