After a few seconds detective nodded shyly, almost hesitantly. He trusted his brother, but he felt so ashamed in front of such an intelligent man. He always had respect for him, although sometimes it didn't seem like that. So he remained silent since yesterday he refused to say a word. He turned his back on him.
But even though they had apologized, John was well aware that they won't stop arguing, he knew them well, this was just a calm before the storm.
" Fine..." The tall man repeated, bit offended - as if he had expected John to do something about it - and laid down on his right side, turning his back on John.
The angular and sharp places got covered by a layer of fat and his skin protruded and creased in areas where it used to be firm and flat.
So they packed everything useful (" No Sherlock, you can't take your microscope with us..."), Mycroft managed to get a car - a nice green Land Rover - and they made their way to their vacation.
That moment resembled a scene from some movie as if the time stopped for a while and the porcelain broke into pieces.
John moaned and curled over his belly. He clutched his tortured stomach in agony. His already fair face paled even more as he raised on his knees again and leaned over the toilet.
Unfortunately, genius' company seemed to call attention to his friend, especially from the side of his enemies. And they didn't even hesitate to use his weakness against him. However, it was hackneyed method, Sherlock would really appreciate if they could just settle their accounts with him and let John be...
With his weak abdominals still flexed, Sherlock bowed down his head in shame, avoiding friend's gaze as much as possible.
He didn't feel betrayed or offended - the sting of the guilt squeezed his heart. At the beginning of their evening, she expected something, some sign to prove John's previous girlfriend wrong.
John opened the door of 221B Baker Street and hanged his jacket and took off his boots. He let his bag slip down from his shoulder. He waddled to the kitchen. Yes, waddled, he was doing his best to hold his body upright. He was almost lifeless, exhausted and depressed, he lost a reason to be alive. And the breakup with Mary wasn't helping...
He would be pleased to kick her somewhere if the pain had let him. " Shut up! What makes you think that I won't tell anyone?" He growled through gritted teeth, even despite it was obvious to him.
A loud rumbling noise echoed through the room and confirmed the above mentioned words. Sherlock whimpered through his tight shut lips and curled around his belly, clutching his painfully contracting, empty stomach in his hands.
He seized detective prominent cheekbones into the small palms and stood up on his tiptoes to put a little kiss on Sherlock's forehead.
He walked into the living room, which was as usual messy. There were several open books on the table, pillows laid on the carpet, and next to the tray of untouched food that John had tried to stuff into Sherlock (unsuccessfully...), the skull was standing. John almost ignored it, when you're lucky enough to live with Sherlock Holmes, you'll get used to a constantly flattering apartment or unpleasant surprises in the fridge.
John's face paled and the colour vanished even from his cheeks. He gripped him tighter. " Oh, Sherlock... I'm so sorry..."
John took a deep breath. " I can't just sit by and do nothing when you're suffering so much." He slowly reached his hand and put it slightly on Sherlock's shoulder.
The detective didn't take a cab to get to Baker Street, he decided to go on foot. The walk on fresh air seemed to be far more pleasant alternative than a workout. But to be honest, he didn't like the idea of walking around London, all alone. Not only that he missed John - Sherlock caught himself almost talking to him a few times, assuming he's right beside him. He also felt oddly vulnerable, no wonder, when we consider what happened the last time. But John was worth the risk, he would never let anyone hurt him!
" Just let me help you, brother mine... I've got you..." He promised and together they stumbled towards the black Jaguar.
What a surprise it was when the fork scratched against the porcelain. Raven-haired detective immediately woke up from the lethargy and his heart jumped in shock at the sight of an empty plate.
I screamed, but no one heard me..." Sherlock covered his face in his hands and his body shifted during those memories.
John made his way towards Sherlock's room and stopped in front of the door. He gulped and hesitated with a raised fist to knock. Why was he so nervous?
What caught Sherlock's attention the most was a bloody spot on man's left shoulder blade and his brows furrowed when he understood what it meant. Oh, God...
Sherlock's breath was growing faster and faster, it was dangerously close to the hyperventilation. He was sweating, the drops of sweat wet his forehead, but his lips felt dry.
" John?" Sherlock said softly, yet concerned. He put the drink on the tiles and bent beside the poor man on the floor.
John surfaced from his memories and focused on the panicking detective on the couch. Another thunder had to come during he was thinking about the best possible way to force Sherlock to eat something.
Greg ruffled his silver hair . Sherlock liked to have John back. He may not show it, but Greg knew that the detective was really glad to see him. And so was John.
His cheeks burned in embarrassment when he couldn't do anything but prop himself against two men, allow them to lead the way to the living room and let them sit him down into his armchair.
As soon as the ice pack touched his pale skin, the pain withdrew, driven away by the sudden coolness. He let out a sigh of relief and closed his eyes, enjoying the moment of the painlessness.
John sighed and gritted his teeth for a while. Then he straightened his back and made his way towards Sherlock's armchair, he had to lean over his cane. " She told me that if she knew what wack I am, she would never date me..." He whispered as he sat down heavily into the padded seat. He covered his face with his palm.
" I've told you that I'm not taking any cases!" Sherlock growled before the man on the other side got a chance to greet.
He never does the shopping, it has always been John who went to the shop to buy something to eat. It was the only option - if it had depended on the detective, they would die from the starvation...
He was shut down with a pair of soft lips which pressed towards his. Sherlock made the first step, but he was distant and prepared to pull away. But John wrapped his left arm around his waist and the second one ruffled Sherlock's messy black hair. Sherlock felt a little better, his heart was overflowing with joy that John feels the same way as he.
" Oh... Yes... Here, drink this... It's just a coke if you were worried... It could calm your stomach a bit..."
" And I really hope that those two will have their 'things' private..." He significantly raised his voice so his elder brother would hear him.
A few days ago Sherlock woke him up at four in the morning. It turned out he just wanted to show him what the nail would do in the boiler. He had something to do to prevent him from striking him.
" I'm so sorry..." Sherlock hiccuped and pulled out, embarrassed that he had let it go so far. He wiped his face with a back of his hand and rubbed his puffy red eyes, feeling incredibly exposed and vulnerable. After all, Sherlock has never cried in front of anyone.
Sherlock's hand itched to punch her like he had punched Anderson, but he knew he could just make things worse.
He would envelop him in his arms, but to be honest, it wasn't a good idea right now. Perhaps the physical contact could help him to relax, but it could also make the whole thing even worse.
The doctor folded his muscular arms on his chest. " Because it sounds like that! And since you're so interested, I'm not feeling well today..." He snapped.
John asked but cursed himself immediately. Who talks about the work on the date? The truth was that the doctor was a little nervous, which really surprised him. He has always been a sassy, quick-witted man, a soldier on top of that... But how was it possible that he could talk with Sherlock about everything, even about the merest crap?
" You were right, you know? That I'm afraid of it for some reason..." The Consulting Detective paused for a few seconds as he ordered his thoughts and then continued.
Because he still had to try not-thinking about touching Sherlock's cheekbones, force himself to NOT stare at his magnificent bum or resisted an urge to grab his hand just because he wanted to...
But that scream was entirely different, somewhat desperate. John tossed his legs out of his bed and jerked on the bedside table to find his cell phone. Two o'clock in the morning! He moaned quietly, put on his favourite beige sweater and warm socks and went downstairs, where the cries came from.
The detective's weight refused to go down, even despite the significant change in detective's diet the cushion of fat attached to his belly remained the same.
"Sleeping pills, they're boring... And I'm going to be tired all day tomorrow... They will make me slow, I won't be able to observe, just like all of you... " Sherlock muttered with frustration. 'Sleeping pills. He would never ever put something like this into his mouth...'
I've never met someone like you, who wouldn't judge me for the way I think, who would stay with me despite my bad habits, who wouldn't see me as a freak..."
John's stomach has calmed down for a while, but the sting of nervousness sat on his guts. " Where else do you think I would get it from?" He muttered in the toilet bowl, calming himself with an explanation that he was only overreacting, Sherlock would not do this to him...
Becoming aware of the fact that John had his own life now, without him, resulted a painful sting in his stomach.
" Sherlock, what happened? Please tell me, you know you can tell me everything!" The doctor said gently and looked at him with pleading eyes.
Mycroft's face seemed sad and worried. " He got on with his life... He's going to propose some woman..."
Sherlock walked around John's big bed like an impatient cat, thinking about what he was going to do. John rolled his eyes, he was tired, but with his flatmate around, he couldn't sleep either. "Maybe if you'd go into your bed, you would be able to fall asleep..." he pointed out sarcastically.
But John was tempered, so much he didn't notice the touch of uncertainty in a friend's voice. " I like her a lot! I wanted to make a good impression... And you... How could you?! I look like a complete fool!" The doctor growled. What did Susan have to think about him when he spent almost the whole evening by texting his annoying flatmate.
John shot her with a grateful smile. " Thank you, Mrs H, you're heaven-sent! Don't worry, I'll take care of him..." He swore and got a better grip on his friend.
Mycroft took off his jacket and threw it around Sherlock's back to keep him warm at least a bit before they'll get him to Baker Street.
John's lips curled in the smile, Sherlock didn't stop surprise him today. He was acting like a completely different person, he was kind, generous. Maybe he was trying to decrease his guilt... " Sherlock, you don't have to worry about me. I don't want to steal your room from you, you need to rest too..."
There was a big hole on the left leg of his trousers, the blood flowed from the scrape and stained the new pair of trousers.
He hid the plastic bag with the black earring in the pocket of his trousers and strode through the darkening street. The dark blue fog was starting to fall and the cool air of the beginning of February was bitting him in his cheeks. He shivered and dug his hands into pockets of a black jacket and regretted not taking any gloves. How he missed his long, elegant coat! He sighed and bowed his head, exhaling the warm breath under his parka to keep himself warm.
"Why are you doing this to me, you little git?" John groaned, lifted the sheet and patted the mattress beside where he was laying, defeated. Sherlock couldn't resist a small smile of victory, from which John almost goes insane, and he slowly climbed onto John's bed, the mattress sagged under his light weight.
And his coat! God knew how much he missed it! He was no Sherlock Holmes without his coat collar and sharp cheekbones!
The detective grinned and covered John's hand with his and pressed it on his cheek. " I think I should blather more then..." He muttered and almost purred with pleasure when John's thumb started drawing small circles on his pale skin.
John Watson has never done anything to deserve such a betrayal! He'll be devastated when he finds out that the woman who helped him to get through Sherlock's death had played just an insidious, nasty game!
John was the closest person he ever had, except for his family, and he wasn't going to give up on him, even if it meant he would have to sacrifice himself.
In a few fast steps, Sherlock stormed inside and brushed his fingers across the wooden headboard of his king-size bed to make sure it wasn't just a dream!
Then he realised something. What if John doesn't want to live with me anymore? What if he came to take his things and move out? It would be more possible...
" Oh..." Sherlock choked and blinked trying to understand words Mycroft just told him. He couldn't believe it, his John found a woman he'd been searching for his whole life, a woman he wanted to make his wife... He blinked even more, to fight the sticking tears which wanted to escape his eyes. He didn't want to look like this in front of his icy brother.
John just stared at him for a while, he needed a moment to process what he had just heard. His friend had just bared a piece of an issue which bothered him and John had no idea what to do with it.
And I know that Sally is quite OOC, but I hope you don't mind :) And if you do, don't be shy and tell me, I would love to hear your opinions!
He flew up the stairs to the second floor and opened the door into his room. His bedroom looked just like he had left it five days ago. His jeans were thrown over his chair, the book he was currently reading laid on the desk, right next to his UNTOUCHED notebook. And in his unfolded bed was...
The pair of ripped, dirty trousers ended in the corner of the bathroom, soon accompanied by a tore buttonless shirt and underwear, all prepared to be thrown away to the bin.
" If you'll give it to me voluntarily, I'll leave you alone. In another case, I'll have to beat it out of you!" She hissed and brushed Sherlock's cheek against the harsh surface a few times, chafing the soft flesh to the point of bleeding.
The ex-soldier ran his hand through his blonde hair and picked up Sherlock's drenched clothes to put them on the clothesline. " Do you want some tea or something?" He asked and was about to make his way to the kitchen when a hand with long fingers wrapped around his wrist.
" You need to calm down, Sherlock. You're hyperventilating... You have to inhale and exhale regularly, if you won't, you'll faint." He switched himself into the doctor mode.
Sherlock didn't mean it in a bad way. Sure, Holmes could be a great git if he wanted to (and sometimes even when he didn't...), and John would be lying if he said that he wasn't angry with him, but he forgave him quite quickly. After all, he was glad that Sherlock appeared in that time and he didn't get a chance to make the biggest mistake in his life and propose to that woman.
The right corner of the detective's lips twitched at the last sentence. " I'd like that..." Then he gave him a little nod. " Okay, I'll stay here..."
John stared at a few words on the shining display. Suddenly he realised something. Sherlock almost never makes calls, he prefers to text... And there he was, calling him right in the middle of his date.
The tall thin man was sitting on the ground, shaking, leaning over the wall, right under the yellow smiley he drew some time ago.
The stream of his memories got cut by the hushed groan which belonged to his best friend, echoing from the bathroom to the living room and kitchen. Sherlock decided to leave the glass of black pop on the table, he'll give it to John later.
" Sherlock? What's the matter?" John asked the silent detective and once again he wished he had at least a part of his deduction skills so he could tell what was wrong.
The DI nodded. " 'right... Good luck, boys..." With that last sentence he turned on his heels and left Baker Street.
It was impossible to put on so much weight in such a short time, not to mention that Sherlock had always been in control! There were times he even forgot to eat completely, and John was there for him to remind him that he's a human being and he needs nutrition.
Sherlock opened his tired eyes and blinked several times to get used to the light. His vision was blurry and his eyes were sore. He had to knead them a bit so he could see properly. His head was pulsating with pain and his teeth were killing him - he had to visit the dentist very soon. He was sure he had several cavities, on his journey, he couldn't care about the hygiene. The spies could be found in every corner, they were looking for him.
Why would she go after him? He never did anything bad to her, why did she target him? Then something occurred to him. What if he was an intermediary and she used him to get Sherlock? Only that thought was giving him chills, he would never let anybody hurt his Sherlock. He felt incredibly protective about the detective and he would bite off a head of anybody who would lay his hands on him again!
Were they still at Scotland Yard? What could Greg and John discuss? John said he would return soon, what was taking him so long? Maybe they went for a pint?
He was so worried about the detective, the man didn't leave his room for two days and remained hidden no matter how much John had tried to convince him to accompany him. That was what hurt the most - Sherlock didn't want to be in his company and rather texted him so he didn't have to talk to him.
Sherlock looked at him with his puppy eyes, not quite realising that it was dark in the room and John probably couldn't see it. " Can I sleep here?" he asked in a little voice filled with the hope.
John's knees buckled. He turned his head to meet his face, there were tears in his eyes. " Lock, that's the most gorgeous jumper I've ever gotten!"
" John?" He ran after him to find his friend heading towards the toilet and collapsing on the cold tiles.
" Oh, Sherlock... Let me use your favourite sentence - you see but you don't observe..." Mycroft rolled his eyes, started the motor and turned on the heating to stop brother from chattering his teeth.
He could see every pore on Sherlock's face, he could count every dark long lash which rested on his high cheekbones, he could observe every wrinkle on his pink lips...
" No! That's not why I said that..." Sherlock almost yelped, he really didn't want to drive him away! He rubbed the back of his neck, feeling a bit uncomfortable, he had always been bad with emotions...
The soldier curled his lips into the sneer. " You're a Consulting Detective, the only one in the world... What do you think?" He tilted his head at him.
The detective groaned as he bent down and took packages of frozen peas and corn out of the freezer. Then he rose up back on his feet, leaned against the kitchen unit and rolled up his white t-shirt to expose his stomach.
He was so confused, since the day Sherlock appeared in London. He had horrible times after Sherlock ki-...no, jumped from the rooftop. He felt guilty for never telling him what he meant to him, that almost the last words he had said to him were said in anger and accusatory.
Another shriek flew out of his mouth as he unfolded his arms widely. He kept screaming and shivers trembled his skinny figure, but he looked so still...
But there were moments when John saw right through him. He could see that his friend was bothered about the whole situation, but he didn't dare to talk bring it up. He had a bad feeling it was partially his fault, though he still couldn't understand why.
The detective let his hands slide down his face and scowled in disgust at his belly which towered above him like a little hill, distended even despite the laying position.
John grabbed the dustpan and a broom from the cabinet in the kitchen and bent down to sweep shattered pieces of the porcelain from the kitchen floor. Tiny sharp fragments cracked under his shoes and he was really careful to clean them all, well aware that Sherlock walks barefoot very often.
John was finally asleep after that difficult case. Well... difficult for him, there's nothing difficult for great Sherlock Holmes, of
Then he helped him back on his feet and wanted to support him, but the detective pulled out and stubbornly tried to walk on his own.
Another chapter is here, finally! It felt like ages for me to write this chapter, but I really enjoyed it, especially the part where they "cuddle", I love bed sharing stories :).
The wipe slid his tear-stained cheek down to his chin and neck and John shivered a bit, the goosebumps began to spread on doctor's skin.
Sherlock rested his head on John's muscled shoulder and breathed in doctor's pleasant smell and enjoyed the pleasant warmth which was coming out of John's body.
Sherlock gritted his teeth tightly and the tremor in his body increased. He seemed to be in such discomfort with telling John about today's event. John really didn't want to push him into something the detective didn't want to but the trembling man gave him no choice.
But he didn't want John to be worried about him. And furthermore, he didn't want to speak in front of him.
" Do-don't wa-want g-go t-to the spe-speech the-thera...the-ra-rapist..." Sherlock admitted weakly, his voice was tiny and sad. It was giving him an impression of little children, some of them were talking much better than him right now.
He listened to the gurgling noises the boiling liquid made and drummed his fingers on the worktop. He had to admit that he felt bit better after Greg's emotional support, of course, it didn't make his horrible memories magically go away, but after a long time, he felt like somebody got his back and cared about him.
Even though the two men didn't want to, they needed to take a breath. Sherlock pulled out and his eyes twinkled with joy and amazement. He was completely breathless and so was John.
John stripped his fluffy beige cable-knit jumper and pulled it over Sherlock's head." What awe you doing, Immot cold'- " Sherlock slurred through the knitted yarn.
His heart clenched at the sight of the ever-stoic man, whose brain has always been more important than his heart, lose control over his well-guarded feelings.
" Sherlock, what the hell is going on? And if you tell me that you're high, I will rip you apart!" John growled as he strode into the living room, still speeded up with rage.
He desperately needed a shower, but the thought of stripping his clothes didn't seem tempting so he had decided to postpone it as long as he could... However, the detective's vanity and discomfort won.
" You can give it a try..." Came Sherlock's voice out of the phone, but there were no signs of the cheekiness or sarcasm. It made him sound weird, this didn't belong to him.
" It could have... I know you, Sherlock... Do you have anything?" Lestrade asked and hoped the detective wasn't high. He still saw the young, tall, scrawny detective sitting on the pavement with a syringe in his right forearm, his pale skin glowing in the night. That was the first time he met him and he never stopped wishing to get him to know under more cheerful circumstances than confronting him for using drugs.
'God, how come he has ALWAYS a reply prepared for EVERYTHING?' thought John, but he has already given up his attempts to win against Sherlock's arguments. " Of course, I could build a tent in my sleep... But It doesn't mean that I won't appreciate some help..."
" That's strange... It shouldn't cause you any harm... Did you have something to drink?" Maybe he drank something which didn't get well with the dinner... Or lunch...
" But Jawn... I want to go with you!" Sherlock whined theatrically and spread out his arms in indignation. Why John didn't want him? He needed him, he was the key to this whole situation, he knew things they didn't!
He was starting to get fed up with all those lies and mysteries! He truly cared about his detective and he would do anything to help him. But how can he help without knowing what's going on?
Unless there was something he didn't know? Something only Mary and Sherlock knew and the good doctor was left out of the picture again...
He dialled his number before he could change his mind. His heartbeat grew faster and so his breath. His brother answered after the second ring.
John took a breath in surprise which stuck in his throat. He really didn't expect this, that Sherlock Holmes was able to do such a thing like rubbing someone's stomach. The detective's palm cooled his hot skin, even though the fabric.
Sherlock flinched uncontrollably, those words cut him like a knife. He could survive when they told him this thing, everyone but John. " Why do you even bother then?"
" I see that your brain has frozen too, you're awfully slow today... I'm trying to say that I care about you! I know you think I'm just a manipulative bastard, but I hate to see you suffer so much, you silly boy!"
Sherlock's tongue itched to remark that it COULDN'T GET worse than it already was, but he swallowed it.
" Hey, just look at me... Breathe." John whispered, his voice filled with concern. He was so worried about him. " What happened? Just talk to me, please..."
Sherlock realised that what he just said was a bit not good, as John used to tell him. Fortunately, John was a very tolerable man, he got used to Sherlock's bitter comments and learned to not take them personally.
Sherlock's narrow shoulders shrugged. " It's boring. I don't shop until it's an absolute necessity..."
" I did an experiment on that milk and I forgot to tell you..." He said, his voice remained calm as ever, but inside he was cursing himself with names he almost didn't know he knew...
A flicker of horror ran through Sherlock's eyes, but just for a second, a moment later his facial features hardened with anger.
Sherlock's throat tightened and his stomach flinched. " Where are you going?" He choked and began to panic. 'No, he's leaving! What have I done! John please, don't!!'
What was going on with him? He wasn't gay, he had never been interested in men before! Why did he feel this way then? Did it mean that - Well, even if it did, there was one significant detail. When they first met, Sherlock made himself very clear that he's not looking for a relationship, that he's married to his Work. And what was he, a sidekick and friend against Sherlock's
" Come on, you really don't believe that, do you?" Mycroft asked, hoping that his brother didn't think such little about himself.
An irresistible urge to hug him close to himself almost knocked John down, to hold him in his arms, close to himself, to stroke his hair and massage his scalp... But he wasn't sure if it would help the whole situation. Sherlock was unpredictable, and as far as he knew, he didn't like to be touched, he didn't want to worsen his state right now. He decided to give him some room to explain what happened.
Sherlock smiled at the thought of his best friend, but as he massaged the expensive shampoo in his hair and sensitive scalp, gloomy thoughts creeped into his head.
" At least I'm not a brainless idiot, Anderson." He sneered and tried to hide how much Anderson's last comments affected him.
" You decided, not 'we'..." Sherlock pointed out, but even though he sounded annoyed, there was also a sign of amusement in his voice. Then he folded his arms across his chest and sneered, as he brushed his eyes over his companions.
"If you'll steal my blanket, you're sleeping on the floor..." John mumbled after few minutes, half asleep.
They just stood there like this for God knows how long, but Greg didn't care. Sherlock was his friend and even though the detective himself believed he was an emotionless git, the DI knew that he still needs a comfort.
When the detective drank, John leaned behind him and fluffed out his pillow to make the bed more comfortable for the sick man.
John paused in a surprise and then realised what made his friend upset. The detective must have misinterpreted his words and thought that he didn't want to get seen with him, didn't he?
After the fiasco with mirror, Sherlock came to the conclusion that it's pointless to take a shower with light switched off, he already knew what to expect. However it didn't mean that he would accept himself. He avoided touching himself as much as possible, even the smallest contact with his doughy skin sent shivers through his spine, and he was very careful to not catch his reflection on shiny flat surfaces - John wouldn't be happy if they had to buy new windows, not to mention Mrs Hudson...
Mycroft approached the big soft bed, where his baby brother was laying. " I'm glad you're awake. It's time to change your bandages, Brother dear..."
" Sherlock, you know I'm not talking about that nightmare! You haven't been yourself since you came back. Please, let me help you... " John begged. He knew he sounded desperate, but he didn't care about that. He cared about Sherlock.
"Pollen, John..." Sherlock said with his deep baritone, as it was the most obvious thing in the world. John hated that tone, he always felt so stupid...
The punch astounded not just Anderson and his colleagues, but also Holmes himself. He rarely let anyone upset him and it took a lot of effort to provoke him to the point of hitting someone.
Sherlock curled more into himself, but it was making it even worse. " I-I ca-can't! Hu-hurts!" He whined through his tightened throat.
" John, that's the reason why I haven't tell you. It's not your fault, you don't have to feel guilty. It simply happened... " Sherlock tried to convince him, John didn't have a right to blame himself for it.
" But enough of sentiment right now, it makes my teeth rot. We're going to Baker Street, John will take care of you. You gave him a real fright!"
" Fine..." John mumbled uncertainly and slid into his khaki green sleeping bag. He owned it for so long, he has stopped counting years it belonged to him. It had outlived even Afghanistan. Those weren't good memories, but somehow he still could not get rid of it.
" He-heard y-you... Wa-was t-there... Wan-wanted t-to t-tell y-you, I-I re-really did..." He almost whined, his voice broke. It wasn't obeying to his intentions, it was doing whatever it wanted.
He came to the living room and his mouth wide opened. He almost didn't recognise it. He felt as if he was in a completely different house, it didn't look like their flat. He stepped inside their living room and gasped. It was ... tidy.
Everybody deals with the unpleasant emotions in different ways. Someone becomes withdrawn, someone needs to have a company, someone loses their appetite and on the contrary someone seeks the solace in food.
He watched his sleeping face and suddenly couldn't resist. He cupped detective's face gently with his hand, his heart filled with warmth when his palm met the chubby cheek.
" Možete učiniti što sve želite sa mnom, ali nikad vam neću reći gde je John! Nikad nećeš znati!" (
John decided to take his girlfriend to an Italian restaurant Zizzi in Paddington Street. The interior was beautiful - decorative dry trees gave them an impression of wildness and the scanty lightning made of lights hanging from the ceiling created a very romantic and intimate atmosphere.
Big hot tears rolled down Sherlock's chubby cheeks and leaked into Lestrade's jacket, but Greg didn't mind, he just tightened his embrace and let the weeping detective rest his curly head on his shoulder.
John pressed his finger on his lips and then caressed his cheek. " Sherlock, calm down... Just tell me what happened, okay?"
I would like to thank you for your beautiful comments, you cheered me up and boosted me to write, you're awesome:)
" Come on! You've always been my proper brother and you always will be..." Then he shook his head and made a sour face as if he had swallowed a lemon.
His blue-green eyes narrowed in concentration and he tilted his head to left, to see the corpse from a different angle.
John sighed heavily. He hoped that the apology will work, he wanted to show him how much he regrets everything he has done to him. " Sherlock, if it's about what happened in that restaurant, I'm sorry... I've never meant to hit you..." His words were interrupted by another notification.
But Sherlock didn't stop, he wanted to get away, back to the safety of his room where no one could judge him! He wanted to close this whole debate before it gets out of control! " Let it go, John, it's no big deal..." He said in a forced calm voice, only pouring oil in the flames.
The shaken man felt himself melting, the physical tension caused by the traumatic experience rose from his shoulders like the hot steam which flew around him.
John's mouth opened in surprise and he stared at the closed door of Sherlock's bedroom. Friend's behaviour was so unSherlockish - John was already used to his sulking, but this was different, the detective rarely got THAT angry...
The doctor rubbed his eyes and tugged himself into the blanket. " Take the sleeping pills then..." and he turned his back on him.
The doctor shook his head and tightened his grip on Sherlock. " She was nice, but she wasn't the one..." He admitted honestly.
John left the loos and put on his smile as he headed towards the table couple was sitting at. But his grin faded away from his lips when he found out that there was no one. The chair was tucked to the table, unfinished cup of coffee stood at Susan's empty place, the spoon beside the saucer.
The sight of Sherlock's podgy beaten figure was making him boil with fury, every little bruise, every scratch turned his vision red. Could it be Mary's work? Was that what Sherlock implied?
But he didn't want him to change, not in the slightest. Those imperfections were just the reason why the man was so fascinating - he has never met anyone like him, he was unique, different, mysterious... " You bastard... I just hope you don't snore... Or kick..."
" Lock, you have to talk! It's the only way to fix that! By the way, you still can talk, some people aren't able to speak at all!" Mycroft raised his voice, the desperation was taking control over it.
"Stop telling me that you're fine! Because I'm not swallowing it!" John ruffled his hair in frustration, slowly rising his voice. " How could you be fine? You've been captured! They tortured you, for God's sake! "
The detective lowered his eyes, refusing to look at John. Suddenly he looked so young, like a kid who knows he has done something bad.
John continued to stare at him. When he met with Susan and the couple headed to the restaurant, it rained. And the thunderstorm began just a while later. Which meant that Sherlock was terrified the whole time he was gone... The voice in the phone sounded scared, now he was able to distinguish the tone.
John raised one eyebrow, not sure of what was the detective pointing out. " What? Laying in the sleeping bag with your flatmate squeezed together like sardines?" He asked conversationally, glad his tone hid his true feelings.
God, he lost her... He lost another nice woman because she thought he has something with Sherlock...
" Milk... Please tell me that you didn't drink the milk from the fridge!" The detective blurted out with a horrified face. He was hoping that John didn't drink from THAT carton of THAT milk...
John was already used to Sherlock's sulking moods, but this was different, it seemed almost like Sherlock was scared of him...
No wonder that Sherlock was irritated. He has always been moody, but that was nothing compared to what he was doing now. There were days he almost felt like his good old self and he couldn't understand, why he was freaking out so much. But the next day his mood swapped like an April sky and everything could be different.
John stepped inside the 221B flat on Baker Street. He hanged his coat and took off his boots. He looked incredibly tired and insecure, he lost about two pounds and he couldn't sleep very well. But he couldn't imagine his life without that git.
Sherlock's cheeks gained even darker shade of red and he lowered his gaze as he peeked at his friend from underneath his long dense lashes. " Sort of..." He blurted.
About the half an hour later the detective stumbled into the 221B flat on the Baker Street loaded down with two full plastic bags and headed to the kitchen to put them on the counter top.
John's eyes widen in shock when he heard the sound of his name, it was the only part he understood. Sherlock was speaking some foreign language, something like Russian... or maybe Polish? John was so confused, he had no idea why Sherlock has a dream - more likely a nightmare - in a different language...
He admitted he was jealous, he was well aware of that fact. But his anger was also caused by the nasty behaviour of John's girlfriends. They let him down only because of Sherlock being his friend because they thought that there was something between the two...
" I'm fine, John... " Said detective and tried to keep his voice calm and strong. He didn't want to look like a coward in front of the soldier.
Hello guys, thank you very much for your kudos and beautiful comments, I'm so glad to hear that you like it. The new chapter is here, but be prepared for a bit OOC :).
The doctor was telling a truth, it was evident from the gentle look in his eyes. He put his hands on Sherlock's broad shoulders gave them a light squeeze to prove to him that he really didn't mean to insult him.
The detective obligated unwillingly, his shoulders wriggled and he preoccupied his hands with scrunching the hem of his soaked shirt.
Since then he almost hadn't moved (except occasional visits to the toilet), there was simply nothing that could cheer up the poor, traumatised and fattened detective, not even kind Mrs Hudson.
Soldier's anger faded as soon as he realised how insensitive he must have been right now. Sherlock started to trust him enough to join him again and what did he do? He starts an argument.
Sherlock took another gulp of black drink and then put it next to the plate with breakfast John has brought.
It felt so unknown yet so familiar just to hold him like this. His left arm was wrapped around Sherlock's shoulders, while the other one rested on the side of detective's well-padded belly. Unwittingly, he caressed the soft mound with his calloused thumb and watched his hand rise and fall together with Sherlock's breathing.
His sharp cheekbones and sunken cheeks so typical for him were gone, replaced by two tiny round cushions on both sides of his face and droopy skin under his rounded jaw.
Maybe it was better that John didn't live here anymore, there was no way he could face him while looking like this...
The confident, arrogant detective was gone, replaced with a man who seemed oddly vulnerable. Not only because of the lack of his condition which was clear at the first sight, but something in Sherlock's expression made her to have a mercy on him.
John was beginning to panic, all anger was away, there was only fear. This wasn't normal... Where's Sherlock? Did something happen to him? The most horrible scenarios attacked his mind, what if he was hurt?
Of course Sherlock knew, but he wasn't ready to open his heart, the fear of losing him was too big. And even if he found a courage to confide to his friend, how on earth he would tell him?
It was a complete huddle of bruises and another injuries he had ever seen. Nasty twisted scratches stretched along his torso, across his protruding spine, shoulder blades and ribs. Thin and thick scars entwined between huge dark purple stains, some of them began to fade and turn yellowish.
" Yeah... John, I...This is hard for me because I'm not good with emotions... I know that I'm a difficult person to understand and I can be a pretty arsehole... Maybe it doesn't look like that, but I value you more than anything and I really care about you.
With this decision, he turned to the kitchen unit and put the kettle on. Perhaps the nice hot cup of tea could cheer him up...
" Sherlock! What the HELL do you think you're doing?! I TOLD you that I have a date, I WROTE to you that I have a date! How many other ways do I need to tell you! Shouldn't I say that in Arabic? Or Chinese?!" He yelled in the phone and didn't give a damn if someone heard him. He never got so angry with Sherlock, he tolerated him, even though his behaviour was bit-not-good. But today was the last straw that broke the camel's back.
Not even Sherlock himself couldn't stay here with the dead body. Not when the corpse looked painfully similar to his best friend. He buried his hands into his pockets as he walked through the corridor leading out.
The doctor leaned forward and cupped Susan's soft cheek. Her confident grin even widened when his thumb stroked her temple and slid down to her chin. He put his index finger under her jawline and gently brought her face closer. Susan closed her eyes and let him lead.
He left the block of flats and was about to set out to Baker Street when he spotted something on the ground.
" What are you staring at? Don't you have something to do? Bugger off and back to the work before I tell Greg that you're slacking off!"
But his wish wasn't heard... " I'm not going anywhere, Sherlock!" John raised his voice again, filled with an impatience. Sherlock knew this tone, it was almost a last stage, only one left and John will explode. He was well aware that John was a hot-head, it was quite easy to wind him up. And Sherlock became a master in that, especially with his experiments. But on the defence of his, he did not make it on purpose...
And the fever wasn't making things much better, his arms and legs ached with cramps, there was a ringing in his ears and buzzing in his head. He was tired, but he was scared to fall asleep to avoid another nightmare.
After those reactions, he had no courage to look at his brother again, he wouldn't be able to stand the disgust in his grey irises he feared he would see, so he just lowered his exhausted, nightmare-worn eyes and bowed his head down in shame, begging the ground to swallow him, to hide him from the degrading scene he played the main role in.
John smiled at him and suddenly he couldn't stop himself from opening his arms and wrapping them around his friend. " I would never EVER think something like this, do you understand?"
That was weird. Maybe he had a date? Only that thought filled him with anger towards the lucky woman, the hairs on his arms stood on end.
John shrugged his shoulders, trying to act nonchalant, but Sherlock could tell that he was tense and nervous. " I'm angry and disappointed with her, but it's well-deserved!" He said and raised up his chin in a way soldiers brace themselves for a battle.
The tall man let out a quiet moan and tangled his legs around John's thighs, pressing himself as close to him as possible.
The soldier met Sherlock's hardened eyes and finally told him what he wanted to say for so long." I've never met anyone like you... No one as intelligent, extraordinary and brilliant as you are... I don't mind your mistakes and vices, I can survive your disgusting experiments and bloody human parts in the fridge... I can take your insults... You're the only one for me and I love you..." John choked for a moment and watched the disconcerted detective and he began to doubt himself.
The movement caught his attention so he turned his head towards the exit and spotted Susan's short figure at the door, preparing to leave.
Sherlock sighed heavily and frowned. He couldn't help but remember the last evening when Mycroft transported him to his house and found out...
John stretched out his hand and rubbed Sherlock's back. " Sherlock, it's normal that you're scared, especially with this trauma from your childhood... Children have a good memory and that goes twice for you... It's no surprise that you don't like this weather or the forest..." He muttered in assuring tone of his cracking voice.
He took a deep breath until his lungs burned and closed his eyes so he wouldn't be able to see the disgust in John's face." WhatImeantosayIloveyou..." His words blurred together into an obscure united sound.
Sherlock folded his arms on his broadened chest and smirked, but his eyes remained hard and cold. " Of course you did, you're curious... Well, you can have always wanted to put 'a bit of meat' on my bones, is this enough?" He asked through gritted teeth.
John, groaned as he opened his eyes. He had a pretty good dream and did not want to get up out of bed.
" Are you done with staring?" Sherlock retorted, hiding his fear and doubt behind his sharp tone. He folded his skinny arms around his stomach. He felt a bit better, with hands around his body used as a shield.
Suddenly, John realised those movements... He saw this once in Afghanistan... No, this can't be a truth...
" Stop it, John! What do you want me to do?! Eat and eat until I burst like a balloon?!" He snarled and yanked out his hand from John's grip before his curled his fingers into fists.
Sherlock's body jerked when he remembered that maniacal look in Magnussen's shark eyes, which hungrily gazed at him from behind his glasses, those importunate fingers that rubbed, mocked and hit his well-fed belly, those hurtful insults and comments that struck in his heart like knives...
The doctor's heart skipped a heartbeat or two. Has he misheard himself? It wasn't possible that Sherlock would return his feelings, was it? " What? Did I hear you well? Have you just said that you love me?" He asked, ignoring how stupid he sounded. He could almost predict Sherlock's 'Stating the obvious again?'.
The doctor curled his fingers into fists and his tone grew even louder. " Shut up! You're a liar! You lie all the time, to everyone! Why should I trust you now?"
John shook his head to order his thoughts and shot his girlfriend with an apologising look. He knew that the date was going downhill. He knew that Susan was disappointed, and he needed to fix this unpleasant detail.
John would be lying if he said that he wasn't shaken by the way his friend looked now. He almost didn't recognise him at first, only his luxuriant black hair disclosed who the man in front of him was.
Even despite John's will, his gaze slid down to the rest of the detective's body and he did everything he could to hold in a gasp.
John chortled and shook his head. Did Sherlock really believe that? " And that's why you think that I'm fearless? I'm not, do you have any idea how terrified I was when I was in Afghanistan? Or with that horrible bomb-vest attached to me?" His arms covered with goosebumps at the thought of standing at the pool, with green parka decorated with explosives.
The doctor was sitting on his heels, head bowed down, his breath fast and wheezing. His head was spinning, it made him feel dizzy again. His tanned skin seemed to be almost greenish at the moment, the little streams of sweat flowed down his forehead and neck.
A few moments later the map zoomed in and showed him the location of his friend and Sherlock's eyes widened in shock.
" Speaking about him, where is he? He doesn't want to get seen with you, does he? Come on, Sherlock, admit it... Nobody wants a fat detective. How would you like to catch a killer when you can't catch your own breath?"
The younger Holmes looked him in the face, and Greg's heart clenched when he saw a genuine surprise in those big blue-green eyes that sparkled in the evening shadows and light from the fireplace.
Sherlock shifted under the blanket and clenched his hands into fists. " Maybe you won't like it, but stay away from Mary..." He slurred, his eyelids felt heavier by each second. He desperately wanted to sleep, fall into a sweet unconsciousness, hopefully without bad dreams. " She's dangerous...
Mycroft's unexpected outburst caught up Sherlock's attention again and he almost jumped up when the man beside him put his hand on Sherlock's knee and squeezed it gently in the rare sight of brotherly affection.
Maybe if he managed to escape a few blocks further into a more busy street, he would get rid of her, the detective thought. She wouldn't dare to raise her hand at him in front of so many people.
Suddenly Sherlock's face turned unsure, and it seemed that he was fighting with himself. " Come here ... You can sleep in my bedroom tonight if you want... The... There's a bathroom if you'd need to... you know..." He pointed tentatively towards the door to the bathroom right next to his bedroom. His eyes lowered and avoided contact with John for a while.
He felt so guilty, but at least it wasn't anything life-threatening, it just made John really really nauseous. 'Well, just...' he thought sarcastically.
John had to admit that pinning him to the floor and punching him in the face wasn't the best way to welcome his friend whom he hasn't seen for two years, but he would be more understanding if Sherlock was more sensitive. Because coming into the restaurant in a disguise of waiter and mocking a grieving man for his mustache (okay, it WAS disgusting, but John simply didn't care about it - nothing mattered to him anymore, because his best friend was dead!) was definitely a bit not good.
He snapped at him with cold and neutral face, but he felt scared inside. His own body was betraying him, his long-standing friend had never let him down before. He's always been in control, his figure slim no matter how irregularly and what he ate.
To his own surprise, he threw his arms around Greg's neck and and a massive sob found a way out of his throat.
Suddenly, Sherlock felt unbearable urge to get high on something, absolutely anything. Escape from reality, from all this misery. His left arm twitched, he couldn't stop the shake of his limb. The small voice inside his head kept whispering that John would be so disappointed. And Mycroft too. Mycroft...
The tall man trembled underneath John's hands, his body shook with heavy sobs of fear and panic. His light weepy eyes stared into the dark blue ones and his irises darted as he searched for the clues in John's face " I don't know... It's..." He was getting to the point but he didn't get a chance to finish the sentence.
Sherlock bowed down his head and felt a sting of guilt for the way he treated him. Even despite all the teasing and sometimes very ugly remarks Mycroft still cared about him and fixed his mistakes - the detective couldn't understand what he had ever done to deserve such a patient sibling.
The former soldier felt a sting in his chest, his friend was definitely afraid of him. But whatever his problem was, he wasn't going to let it go. He let out a grunt, defeated.
" I should be the one who should thank you. You saved me, you don't even know how many times... How did you make it? I mean, how did you manage to go through...this?" The doctor asked. He knew that a lot of people had gone insane because of being tortured.
" I think you'll want to... It seems that John might be in danger!" Greg Lestrade said, getting down to the business, there was no need to beat about the bush.
The detective knew that he should be happy and grateful that they finally found him, but he was so ashamed when he saw pure horror and surprise in Mycroft's usually emotionless eyes and consternation written in Lestrade's face.
The doctor tripped over his own foot and almost fell over as he darted towards the staircase, running into the first floor.
It was beginning to make sense. " You've been tortured because of me..." Croaked John, his throat uncomfortably tight with anxiety. His shaking hands fell into his lap with a numb thump, his eyes wide and reddish.
Now, John was staring at his best friend with arms across his chest, his left eyebrow raised, eyes sparkling with the amusement in the weak light of the torch. His thin lips were curled in a sneer.
That was a lie and both of them knew that. Sherlock's head was spinning, his eyes stung and he felt dizzy. Every part on his body seemed to be in pain and exhaustion, he just sat there, crestfallen and on the edge of collapse. His back bent backwards as if his spine couldn't hold him anymore.
The detective bent down beside the victim, pressed his hands together and laid his chin on his fingertips - connecting both brain hemispheres helped him to concentrate much more.
The doctor made a few steps back to the bed and sat down on the edge of the mattress. " Of course I will..." He said and smiled at the sleepy man in the duvets.
But the doctor didn't mind. He knew this was normal after such a shocking story. He was really grateful to him that detective trusted him so much. " I know you did... I'm so sorry that I screamed at you, I was quite upset because of the break-up with Mary but...You know what?" Even though he wasn't in the mood for the whole day, he smiled. " I'm not as startled as I should be... Because it didn't work... It wouldn't work with anybody, because nobody is you... I would rather have my hallucinations because it would remind me of you... I know I have to look like an utter wack, but..." His cheeks flushed dark red, he was aware that he was blabbering, but he had to say that.
John blinked several times, sure he misheard the answer. " What?" It wasn't possible, was it? He was Sherlock Holmes, he has always gotten the criminal to the jail... Something wrong must have happened...
" He has bled to death, but not from the bullet wound. There's a big amount of blood, which means that he has suffered a a severe injury to his stomach, most likely by a dagger..."
John shook his head and folded his arms on the chest. " Oh, don't Jawn me, I'm still pretty angry with you for that waking up, you know..."
Sherlock crumbled his hands in the nervous motion. " You've said that jumper was very important for you... I wonder why? But... You don't have to tell me if you don't want to. "
His frowning face sparkled with sweat which made his black curls stick to his forehead like a glue and his eyes were squeezed shut so tightly it created wrinkles around his eyes and nose. The sleeping detective pressed his lips together in such a tight line they seemed almost white, the corners of his lips twitched up and down in discomfort.
John reached out his hands and grabbed the man under his armpits, the place he could support him the best. He rose him up to his wobbly feet and led him to the couch because Sherlock wasn't able to stand properly his knees kept buckling.
The kitchen was suspiciously clean and tidy - there were no signs of disgusting experiments on the kitchen table, the dishes were cleaned, chairs meticulously pushed to the table. It must have been Mrs Hudson, because he doubted the detective actually knew what was the broom used for...
" Look, I know you're not feeling well, actually I'm not sure if you're conscious enough, but let me tell you this - It doesn't matter how much you weigh or what size you wear, you're still you, the great Sherlock Holmes! And I don't see a difference between you and Sherlock from two years ago, do you understand? Just relax and I will examine you, okay?"
John squeezed lightly his pink bottom lip with his teeth and felt pleased with himself when Sherlock produced a deep moan. Then he loosened his occlusion and brushed his lips against Sherlock's swollen lower one, softly like a wing of the butterfly, to ensure that he didn't bite him too much.
Although that didn't mean that he wasn't angry with him. He typed a tempered message and clicked on 'send'.
The movement made the air stir and John's nose caught remains of smoky cologne, the faint aroma of tea and quite a dominant scent of sweat from the effort Sherlock's body made to deal with the cold.
" You know, for a genius, you're extraordinarily stupid... Sherlock, I've never said those praises just because you solved crimes... You and your deductions are still brilliant, you just need a break, physical and mental... I almost lost you two times and I'm not letting you ruin yourself again because of some stupid case!"
" You must have eaten something bad... Maybe if you didn't overeat so much, you wouldn't be sick..." It has just slipped through his mouth before he was able to stop himself.
From the scars on Sherlock's back, he could tell that the detective has gone through the hell, the power which carved these scratches in his skin must have been brutal. He hoped that one day Sherlock would tell him why he told him nothing about the plan, why he let him grieve and how he came to these injuries.
Sherlock continued to fold John's lips with passion and gentleness and it seemed like the most natural thing he has ever done. Their noses weren't getting in their way, their faces fit perfectly together like a puzzle. John tasted amazing, he guessed that he had something sweet, a cupcake perhaps...
But it was nothing compared to next words John let out of his angry mouth. " I don't know... Maybe I thought that you would be different, not like everyone talks about. I misjudged you!"
A few moments and cup of tea later, with John's willing help, they managed to get him into dry clothes - sweatpants and a t-shirt with a cardigan and the good doctor drove him uncompromisingly to the bed, covering his body with two blankets.
At that time the raven-haired man lost his temper and flared up, he needed nobody's pity! " Since when do you care? You didn't give a damn then, so why now?!" Sherlock shrieked, tore away from soldier's grasp and he was about to turn on his heel and run away when he got stopped by doctor's angry voice.
It was really difficult to tell when the detective's behaviour was normal, considering his impulsive nature.
John rolled his eyes, wondering how come this perfect man could be so brilliant and so dumb at the same time.
Greg rubbed his left shoulder and stroked the place between his neck and trapeze with his thumb. " You aren't... Sherlock, do you really think that I'm friends with you only because you solve crimes for me?"
Mycroft felt little guilty for not telling him the truth, but it was better. He didn't want to stress him even more than it was necessary. " I'm sorry, Sherlock..." He whispered and began to wrap his back with new clean bandages.
Goosebumps started to spread on Sherlock's arms when he felt John touch his bloated belly and his cheeks would turn red if he wasn't so freezing. With the rest of his strengths, he managed to suck it in so John wouldn't be so repulsed.
John's nerves couldn't handle this anymore. It has been a long busy week and he was so looking forward to calm down and just be in the presence of people he cared about. His plan didn't contain standing here and listening to the endless fights between those two stubborn men!
John blinked a few times, trying to process the information. " Hold on, you wake me up in the middle of the night because of telling me that you can't sleep?" He asked, his voice gaining a dangerous tone.
" Jo-John, y-y-you sh-should be gra-grateful for that hallu-halluci... na-nations, t-they ke-kept you a-a-alive..."
Because it was mainly his flatmate who had given this place a magical atmosphere. Because he really WANTED to share the flat with him and somehow managed to live here even despite Yarders' warnings...
John's round cheeks blushed, but he tried to save the situation for the last time. " Susan, come on... I have nothing with him... He's just my friend." He told her patiently.
John shook off his hand as if he burned himself. " Stop with that annoying stuttering! If you think that I'm going to forgive you because you're p-p-poor l-little Sh-Sherlock, then you're terribly wrong! I'm sick of your stupid games!" He yelled at him, every other word struck into Sherlock's chest like a dagger.
" So... Not an exhaustion then..." The detective commented, oblivious the fact he just stated the obvious, the thing he hated so much on the ordinary people.
" Oi, forget it! You're not going anywhere! You're supposed to rest, remember?" He exclaimed uncompromisingly and let his hand fall back alongside his body.
Sherlock ruffled his hair and shifted nervously. "But Jaaaawwwn, it's so loud, those voices in my head, they keep distracting me and it's so boooring!" The details from the case couldn't leave his mind, he couldn't stop thinking about it.
Holmes hesitated and stopped in the middle of the step. On one side, he wanted to be alone and deal with it on his own. He'd always been happy in his own company, he needed no friends. Until John came into his life and turned it upside down. Maybe he could give it a try? It's better to have someone by your side, isn't it?
Mycroft gave him a sad face and put his hand on Sherlock's thin thigh. He knew it was so hard for The-Only-Consulting-Detective-in-the-World to not be able to babble his phenomenal deductions in his usual fast cadence rhythm.
She gasped as she fell on her back on the cold pavement, stuck under Sherlock Holmes. His manoeuvre surprised her and before she had time to collect, he was crawling away.
This time, it came. " You git! You utter swine! You've been there for a whole time! You let me grieve, you let me think I had hallucinations! YOU LET ME THINK I GOT INSANE!" John bellowed and waved his hands furiously.
It had been almost twelve hours since he and Mycroft found him, but he still tended to forget how large Sherlock became. It was alarming if you realised that he had put on more than a hundred pounds just in two months!
John took a small sip from his cup and smiled at his companion, at a nice ginger girl with a cute round face who sat at the opposite side of the table was playing with the spoon in her coffee and created some pictures in the cream.
Sherlock's heart dropped. He immediately replaced uncomfortable face with one without interest. " You mean this? Um... It's nothing, just a rag. I wiped the dust with-"
And then the army doctor grinned at him. " I think we have found a cure for the fear..." He purred and pressed his lips to Sherlock's.
His and Mycroft's mummy used to buy them a coke when they were ill, the soda helped with digestive problems and calmed down their little tummies. He smiled at the memory of laying in the bed with Mycroft, both of them tucked under the duvets, sweating under them, with thermometers in their mouths. They were really close with his big brother until he went to the boarding school...
The one stupid call ruined the whole moment, and the whole date John dared to say. He wanted to scream. Not only his friend didn't allow him to have fun, but even he refused to let him kiss his own girlfriend!
" No, he's just a bit different... He's not very good with people, he needs to nudge in the right direction... But when you get used to it, he's great..." Actually, he had no idea why he was defending the man who successfully ruined every date he had. But it didn't sound right, he simply couldn't stand hearing that his best friend was a mad man...
John took a proper look at his flatmate and he wasn't happy with what he saw. Sherlock didn't look just nervous, he got a panic attack. His breath stuck in his chest as if the lump sat in his throat. The lack of air in his lungs made him breathe faster and faster, every inhale shortened after the previous one.
John let out a small giggle which made Sherlock's hand jump on his stomach. " Strange as it seems, no, I don't... Actually, I find it really nice."
He grabbed his wallet and phone which both laid on the table and opened the third drawer of John's desk to take John's gun.
John usually dressed like this when he went out, but not for a date... Which could mean only one thing...
The short man collected from the initial shock wrapped his arms around Sherlock's narrow shoulders and his right hand ran through his black curly hair. His lips began to return the intense kiss he was given. He felt Sherlock's mouth curl into the smile of victory and his hands slid over John's chest to his back.
Beside the very significant weight gain, Sherlock suffered from a higher blood pressure and there were also some breathing problems connected with the lack of condition, but the doctor said that it should get better as soon as he drops some pounds.
Sherlock buried his face in the gap between John's face and shoulder, unable to stop sobs coming from his tightened throat. He almost didn't feel his hands and his vision was getting dark.
Sure, he used to be ill when he was a child, but it was quite long ago. And furthermore, he wasn't sure if the methods which his mum used would be fitting on John...
He pointed the torch at him and threw light into Sherlock's eyes, almost sighing in relief when he saw his brother's pupils contract.
The doctor smiled and his face seemed five years younger. " I know you didn't... Just think before you do such a crap..." He said and closed his eyes in pleasure as Sherlock continued to massage his abused tum.
Then he pressed it against John's warm worn out forehead and swiped the sweat with the wet napkin to make him feel better. John's breath hitched with pleasure and he let out a little sigh of relief. He felt like shit, he kept sweating like a pig and his throat was sore from the rest of gastric juice. He inhaled deeply through his nose and let his breath out of his mouth.
He was sitting on the pavement, in the heavy rain and cold weather, and everything hurt. His eyes stung under closed eyelids, his body trembled like a leaf in the wind and the goosebumps covered every centimetre of his skin. The freezing water leaked through his clothes and the night wind coloured his cheeks red.
" Oh my Goodness, they tortured you because of ME... " repeated doctor. The guilt almost suffocated him. How can be so calm about this?
The man in front of him worried him so much these days, he was so different from two years ago... Sherlock gave an impression of being nervous, moody and unsure, his insults were a poor imitation of his one-time affronts and he lost all his interests in experiments. John would be glad to open the fridge without being forced to find a  severed head or other disgusting stuff Sherlock hid there, but not under these circumstances!
The doctor clenched his teeth, smelling a fish. He suggested that the detective was fibbing, he used his brilliant acting skills to manipulate people like puppets.
" I know it's uncomfortable, but try to do as I say... You're having a panic attack... Just breathe like me... " John reached out his once muscular arms and wrapped them around Sherlock's slender torso. He pulled him closer and pressed him on his chest, to make him feel his own fast-pounding heart. The huge wave of happiness flew through his body, that he was real, from flesh and blood. But at the same time, he was afraid to touch him, Sherlock felt so fragile, like a porcelain doll.
Sherlock kept waiting and waiting, but John didn't come back. He expected he will come back, but as the minutes went by, he was feeling more and more down. What has he done? He always wanted to be a good man...
He rushed to the hall to find his ponderous friend leaning over the wall and Mrs Hudson who tried to support him. Although it was a strong and vital woman, her knees kept buckling under the detective's weight.
He snapped and curled into a ball, turning his back at the doctor in a very familiar sulking position.
He was starving! His stomach ached and produced sounds he had no idea it was possible and he just wanted it to stop.
Sherlock's cold body froze for a while, he didn't expect the contact. But as soon as he woke up from the shock, he realised that John was hugging him. John Watson, of all people, the soldier, Army Doctor and best, kindest and wisest man he has ever known...
" Look, it's absolutely understandable that this happened to you. It's the part of PTSD, everybody has different symptoms..." He tried to soothe him a bit.
It had no reason to be hungry, the detective ate regularly and healthily, but the trauma and the stress fought tooth and nail and protected the large cushion attached to his tummy.
" But I hurt you so much, JOHN! What I've said about your leg and everything... You must hate me! I do... Please, forgive me... " The detective trembled and his eyes were puffy and sparkling.
" Come here... Let me help you..." He whispered and almost shivered when his thin striped jumper absorbed the water from detective's wet clothes.
" Damn my jumper!" John's yell made Sherlock jump. " Why you didn't tell me? You could've been injured! " He absolutely didn't care about his clothes, he was glad it was the sweater and not his boyfriend. What if he has a big burn all over his stomach?
John raised his voice without even realising it, he just wanted to understand! With a speed of cheetah, he jumped out of his place and in a few strides closed the distance between them, grabbing Sherlock's shoulder and turning him around so he could see his face.
Sherlock couldn't help but smile at the sight of his little boyfriend in a baggy top he had made. He stroked John's cute round cheek and let his own hand slip down. " John... I... I'm a horrible, ridiculous and incredibly selfish and annoying person. But I'll change for you, I swear. I know I'm a work in the progress but I'm trying..."
" Yeah, sure, don't worry. I'll just text Mary that I'm staying here..." John answered and took out his phone to let his girlfriend know that he will stay here for some time.
John raised his head to face his friend and shot him with a dead gaze as his concerns got confirmed. " Sherlock?" John asked in the dangerous voice, which sent chills down detective's spine.
After the third unsuccessful attempt, he felt the pair of smaller hands unzip his jacket and help him out of it. Sherlock let his shaky arms fall down alongside his torso and let the ex-soldier take off his parka.
" And what does it make me so special, may I ask?" Sherlock sneered, unsure of what should he think...
John almost choked himself when he heard this. His mouth opened in shock. " What? What do you mean?"
" John?" Sherlock whispered as he leaned over the sleeping man. " John? Are you sleeping?" he asked and reached his hand to touch his boyfriend's shoulder.
Greg gave his friend concerned look and shook his head. " I'm not the one who can tell you this... Sherlock doesn't want to talk about it and we have to respect that. Maybe we should just let him calm down, y'know, let him return back to his life..."
The famous duo was sitting in the small blue A-shaped tent for two, preparing themselves for sleeping. The thick darkness outside seemed like it could swallow their shelter, the night was so different from nights in the London, quiet, peaceful, dark...
He snapped venomously and with the rest of his dignity, he passed around his shocked friend and vanished into his room, slamming the door behind with such strength they almost tore off the hinges.
The detective bowed his head and lowered his sight. " I-I-I'm go-going t-to bo-bore the pa-pants off y-you..." He noted.
There was a pause from the opposite side, which was quite unusual for the talkative detective, who spoke, always - at any time, in every place...
He whispered, feeling uncertain. What was he supposed to say to make his friend feel better? He knew him for eight years, but even despite that, he knew so little about him...
But it wouldn't be Sherlock Holmes if he didn't have the last word, he would outlive a God to speak last. " Yeah, he's been always like that..." He commented, almost daring Mycroft to try to deny it.
He opened the cupboard and took out two mugs and sugar. He put them on the unit and then he choked. He did it again... He had always been preparing the coffee, tea or anything else for both of them. He couldn't get rid of this habit and that hurt even more.
Detective raised a black eyebrow. " Isn't that obvious? I had a nightmare, it's nothing extraordinary..." Sherlock answered nonchalantly, trying to sound as if nothing happened. Although is eyes sharpened, all emotions were gone.
"But I'm definitely missing something! It doesn't make a sense! But what? What!" Growled Sherlock with slender fingers on his temples, as he strode into the kitchen and grasped the mug with his cold unfinished coffee from the breakfast and drank it off.
" A jumper?" Sherlock stated, raising an eyebrow. If it wasn't such a serious moment, he would find it funny. But it wouldn't be, because this was John's favourite jumper, the oatmeal cable-knit one. He knew John loved it.
" Give me back my earring and nothing happens to you!" Mary hissed and sneaked her hand into Sherlock's pocket.
Also, an appointment with dentist would be a good idea, his teeth weren't in a good condition, it was just a matter of time before it starts to cause trouble. His nastily scarred back was treated, but if would need a new bandage in a few days. Fortunately (and almost by a miracle) there were no internal problems, except for his stomach which was distended in a very aggressive way and would hinder detective's efforts to lose weight.
" In and out... Again in and out. You're doing really well... Again... " He kept whispering into his ear. He felt so happy that he could hold him in his arms again, that his Sherlock was with him...
Sherlock gritted his teeth as the sudden wave of self-loathing stormed through him and settled on his chest. The rapidly growing anger bubbled under his pale skin like a boiling water and threatened to burst out in a form of tantrum.
'Oh, John, you don't know the half of it...' Sherlock thought bitterly, but he didn't say that out loud.
The detective shook his head in a way that did not allow any excuses. " I'll sleep on the couch, I don't mind. Furthermore, I probably won't sleep at all, because I have some work to do..." He shrugged his shoulders as he got up from his bed.
So not the date then - the detective almost sighed in relief. But what was wrong with his friend? " You must be just a bit tired... I'll buy you some coffee, okay?" He suggested, hoping John will join him.
Sherlock's cheeks flushed with pink. Sherlock Holmes was blushing." I haven't got mad thanks to my Mind Palace. I-I..."
Of course, there was many people who judged others just because of the way they looked like, but Greg knew that John Watson wasn't one of them, John would never abandon people he loves.
John's face reddened with anger and he jumped out of the armchair. " Why didn't you let me know that you were alive! I grieved you, I never got over it! I wanted to kill myself!"
Sherlock rested on his back, thoughts and various scenarios buzzed inside his brilliant mind, projecting in his Mind Palace. What if John found it uncomfortable? After all, he was disturbing his personal space. The cold High-Functioning Sociopath has never paid much attention to the emotions of people around him, he simply didn't care. But John mattered, he was somehow very important to him. The doctor pointed out many times that he wasn't gay, and here he was, pressed against him like a leech. He turned his head to look at his flatmate with an unsure face.
" For what?" John asked, completely forgot about the ruined date. Sherlock gave him a glare - well, he tried to, and then John remembered. " Oh, do you mean Susan?"
Even against his will, the detective began to tremble when he remembered moments of the hopelessness and despair. He took a deep breath and pressed himself even closer to the ex-soldier, he desperately needed comfort right now. " Se-Se-Serbia... W-was cap-captured... t-to-tortured... h-had t-to ke-keep y-you s-save... Mor-Moriarty ha-had sni-snipers a-at y-you... Ha-had t-to ju-jump!"
Sherlock smiled at his companion. Finally, the tight bump on John's stomach began to subside and his skin grew soft.
He knew that days when he could wander around the flat in nothing but a sheet or wear his beloved skin-tight purple shirt which kept catching John's eyes every time he put it on, were gone...
" You don't understand, John... I'm nothing without my Work!" The detective exclaimed as he opened his eyes and wrapped his arms around himself, digging his nails into his elbows.
Sherlock began to tremble." I'm not even surprised! If I was him, I wouldn't want me either... I have to be cursed! I'm so repulsive for everyone! Who could care about such a freak!" He gave out a hateful scream.
He loved 221B, even though it was a bit untidy, with lots of stuff, but it was their home, cosy and snug.
He didn't have time to finish his sentence, he was shut by a soft pair of lips which pressed against his. It lasted a couple of moments before John realised what was going on...
He hated himself for that stupid mistake, he should have thrown it away as soon as he finished it. But put it in the fridge so he could take it to the lab the next day.
" He can mock me..." He said almost in a whisper, and he sounded oddly reconciled. " He's entitled, I've been insulting him his whole childhood and in his adulthood too..."
" Sorry if I doubted you... Because you shop every day..." John said in his characteristic sarcastic tone.
Mycroft's thin lips pressed together and its corners raised in the grin which kept Sherlock getting mad. " Admit it... You are..."
He knew that the detective was home now, safe and alive, but worries gnawed his mind. Something was definitely wrong, he could feel it in his bones that something very bad has happened to his friend. But what? John didn't want to force Sherlock to talk about it when the man didn't want to, but he couldn't let him suffer.
The t-shirt was even baggier as the detective lost weight. A lot of it, in fact. He looked like a walking skeleton, it wasn't surprising that he was so tired.
The detective fixed his eyes at him, thinking about what he told him. Mary had to be that woman he wanted to propose. What could she find out?
The short man wore skinny jeans and favourite oatmeal cable-knit jumper and the detective could see his checked shirt under the fair soft fabric. His face looked fresh and cleanly shavenand, but his posture indicated the backache and pain in his left shoulder. He must have stayed the entire night in his room, curled in the uncomfortable position...
The blonde didn't wait for anything, grabbed Sherlock's shoulders and smashed his scarred back against the wall several times.
Sherlock couldn't hold himself. For the first time in his life, he didn't think and just did it... To be honest, he wanted to kiss John since the first day they met. He blamed himself for his monologue about 'being married to his Work', no wonder John was afraid of his rejection.
The doctor leaned forward so he could hear him better. " Yes? What is it?" He whispered and tilted his head to the left.
Unfortunately, that would mean that he would have to leave the flat, and he wasn't prepared to do so...
" Hey... It's going to be okay... I understand that you feel bad, but tomorrow will be better, you'll see..."
A wrinkle of worry appeared between Sherlock's eyebrows, it was two in the afternoon, John should be back by now!
Sherlock straightened his arm and hesitated for a few seconds. His hand trembled a little bit, but he flexed his muscle and firmed up his pale long limb. His hand approached John's torso and gently laid across the white t-shirt covering his stomach.
The doctor nodded. " Yeah, Greg texted last night, he wants to talk about Mary..." He said and ran his hand through his hair, which was something John did when he was on the edge.
And his voice, John remembered the tone Sherlock spoke... Sure, the phone distorts the voice a bit, but it sounded strange...
" God, come here. You'll freeze to death without the sleeping bag and not even a gram of fat isolation on you..." He growled playfully and moved to the left to make some space for the other man.
Sherlock just stood there for a while, staring at his flatmate, who was fighting with his strained stomach. What was wrong with him? Was it flu? The viral infection?
'The Forbidden Room' was a cell in the back of his Mind Palace, the same one where he had spent the most of the time of his captivity (right after the kitchen of course). It had built up during his stay in Appledore and no imaginary disaster could ruin it. Sherlock tried everything, but as it seemed, this room and that horrible man will stay written in his head forever, Magnussen always found a way to escape...
John rolled his eyes and muttered something like 'Why do I even bother to ask.'. Then he put the plate down on the bedside table and handed the cup of energising liquid to his friend.
He looked still unnaturally pale and exhausted. There were dark bags under his eyes and in the right one the small blood vessel has broken by the effort of the throwing up.
" What?!" John blinked in the surprise and confusion, he couldn't believe his own ears! Mary? Dangerous? She seemed like a nice, honest and kind woman... Was it just a fake mask? What was she up to?
Then John's fingers focused on the button of Sherlock's trousers, undoing them and grasping the waistband to pull them down. In doing so, his hands brushed across Sherlock's sensitive tummy which immediately tried to flex to hide itself in the torso.
Sherlock smiled in a reply, his face seemed clearer. " I wouldn't even think about it ..." Then he choked, his face gone unsure. " John... I... I'm not good in that but... You should know that I... I've never been in a relationship with anyone... So I don't know how it works sometimes... But I'm a quick learner and... I love you, Jawn... "
" Sherlock, stop acting like a brat, I'm checking to see if you're alright..." He said a bit more harsh than he intended to and as soon those words escaped his mouth, he wanted to bite off his tongue.
Sherlock shifted on the floor and turned on the other side. The bottom of the tent made a rustling noise underneath him. " John? Are you asleep yet?" He whispered quietly, his eyes darted in the dark and his heart pounded in his throat.
However, it had no effect... Sherlock ruffled his damp black hair and gave him an uninterested look. " You can tell him that I don't need a babysitter..."
" Then you were wrong..." John said with loathing in his voice, as if the detective meant nothing for him. But it wasn't true, he meant everything for him, but he couldn't understand why he didn't tell him! He turned out to run away from the room, but something made him stay.
The black-haired man gathered his power, propped on his elbows and somehow managed to shake her off. He clambered up on his feet again and almost prayed for her to let him go.
He had seen his friend in this state only once - at Dartmoor, right before their fight over friends... But now it seemed to be even worse than then.
"Sherlock took a deep breath. He couldn't believe he was going to say that. " Youweretheonewhokeptmesane. " He said rapidly, as quickly as he was able to.
Sherlock froze in the middle of the step and breath hitched in his throat. John wanted him to stay with him? After what he had done? I didn't make sense, why would he want that? It was his fault John felt so miserable right now...
It was no use, the doctor never gave up. " And did you catch him? Who was it?" He inquired, nervous about what he might hear.
" Sit!" He ordered, switching himself to the doctor mode. From his own experience, he knew that it was a big disadvantage to let himself care too much when treating his patient.
However, Sherlock's excitement was quenched as quickly as it appeared when John pressed his hand on his soft pectorals to prevent him from standing up.
Sherlock hesitated for the while before nodding. With his trembling thin fingers he began to unbutton his shirt, his breathing went faster with nervous." It won't be easy on the eyes." he warned him as the white fabric slipped down from his shoulders and he turned around.
When John came back with a blue towel, Sherlock looked even worse than a few moments ago. His Billy fell off his knee - the detective kept rocking back and forth, hugging his knees firmly. His squeezed midriff made it difficult to breathe, he began to hyperventilate.
" You haven't changed at all - You're such an idiot, Sherlock... I'm the smartest one..." Sherlock snapped in the defence, refusing to show any sign of sentiment.
John's face reddened which looked quite terrifying on his pale skin and his nostrils flared in anger.
The Detective Inspector sighed and made a few careful steps towards the man as if he was approaching the wild animal. " Sherlock, I've already told you that I don't just do what your brother tells me. I'm here because I'm worried about you...
As it seemed, Greg and Mycroft knew about Sherlock's new condition, why didn't they tell him then? A little warning would be useful...
Then Sherlock found the shower enclosure, stepped inside and closed the glass door. He turned on the water and soon the bathroom was filled with the comforting dripping sound. The hot water flowed down his body, the pleasantly warm stream loosening his flexed muscles.
However, his belly held a different opinion and complained in a form of deep rumble. The blood rushed to Sherlock's round cheeks, he had to look so greedy in John's eyes!
" No... After all, we have gone through I'm not even surprised..." He said light-heartedly. When they visited the Dartmoor for the first time, during the Baskerville case, they had to share the same bed, because there was only one free room. But this was better, he had to say. Feeling Sherlock's lean body against him seemed domestic and natural. Not that he would ever admit that out loud.
The detective was sitting on his bed and tried to pull himself together after the appointment with Doctor Brown - Mycroft had sent him to make sure that his 'baby brother' isn't ill - John wasn't kidding when threatened him with telling his big, all-knowing sibling...
Mycroft took out his phone and quickly started to type a message to John to let him know that he had found Sherlock and that he better prepare his first aid kit.
He sat him down on the sofa and handed him his grey sweatpants which laid forgotten on the armrest. Sherlock thanked him and changed his soaked trousers.
" Well done... And now get your ass in gear and give me a hand! They are almost finished, and we haven't even started yet!" He pointed his finger towards the orange tent Mycroft and Greg were working on. He hoped that if he'll find Sherlock something to do, he won't be so annoying and bored.
After a half hour, Sherlock was sitting on the couch, still shirtless. John had cleared some of his very bad scratches, but it was so painful! Finally, it was over. John said that it will be only better.
John let out a deep breath and nodded, oblivious to the fact that the detective could not see it. " Whatever you say... I just wanted you to know that I would be glad if you kept me a company... Well, if you need me, I'll be in my room..." Taking a last concerned glance at the door, the army doctor headed to his room on the first floor, giving Sherlock some space to get used to the situation.
Mycroft Holmes put both his hands alongside Sherlock's face and forced him to look him in the face. " Did you take something?!" His voice sounded very urgent and if you knew him well, you would say he was scared.
" Much better, thank you..." John mumbled sleepily, his eyelids were heavier each second, but he did his best to keep them open.
" With pleasure..." Sherlock smiled and then he was silenced with John's lips. At first, he was quite stiff, but he gave in after a while and began to return sweet little kisses John was giving him. His lips were absolutely perfect, well not just a lips...
