John's anxiety had reached a peak. "Sherlock, if you're bloody brother wanted you, he would've come and got you before now."
"What was the fight about? Or is it too personal." Gerald slips one hand into a pocket of his shorts and swallows a drink of his beer.
Sherlock always has nightmares on the nights after John's been at work, sometimes more than one, and can't fall back asleep unless John lies down with him. After a week of this, John decides to just allow Sherlock to sleep in his bed indefinitely, so they can both get some much-needed rest.
When John gets home that night, the flat feels empty the way it used to after Sherlock died, and John experiences a flash of vertigo trying to collate what John knows intellectually—
Sherlock wants to stand up and walk off, but his body hurts and now his heart does, too. If John hasn't connected the dots yet, he will eventually and then whatever plans Sherlock had for his relationship with John will go out the window.
Sherlock's grave) and wanted to lie there until he died, too, and his bones sank into the ground to lie with Sherlock's bones because he couldn't imagine trying to live with a Sherlock shaped wound in his world.
John to sit with him while he gets his legs under himself after reliving being raped in a Serbian prison in the middle of winter, puts a crack in John's glued-together heart.
Sherlock nods, though he doesn't want to. The only reason Mycroft let him come home, though, is because he promised he would give John all the information on his treatment.
"Good. I wanted to be able to speak to you privately. Firstly, I never intended to put the onus of caring for my brother on your shoulders, so I would like to verify that you are indeed willing to act as his doctor until his wounds are healed?"
. He knew better than to try to numb himself with heroin. Heroin is what he used when he wanted to die. Cocaine is what he uses when he wants to live, but can't handle living.
John guides Gerald onto his back on the bed, but doesn't follow him down. Gerald crawls backwards onto the bed.
"You leave my John alone!" Sherlock said, standing up in John's lap. Clearly his tail was used partly for emotional expression because the bottom third of it slashed outwards from John's head and pointed at Mycroft.
Sherlock blinked in confusion. "I saw it clearly. You were complaining about how much of the bed I take up—which, incidentally, I find extremely irritating as well—and that you haven't had the privacy to masturbate since I hatched."
The next day, back at his own flat, John takes the bowl and matches out and lights the notebook on fire. He watches it while it burns, more to keep a watch in case it sets anything else on fire, but as the flames consume the little book, John finds himself teary-eyed, then openly crying, then, finally, he slides to the kitchen floor and sobs so hard his stomach muscles are sore the next day.
magazine. Sherlock was sitting quietly, enraptured, absently gnawing on a chicken leg bone. Chatsworth's voice, which was deeper even than Sherlock's, was made for narrating.
"Oi! Give it here! That's got my name on it!" John says, trying to grab it out of Sherlock's hand, who doesn't even have to lift it over his head to keep it out of John's reach.
Chatsworth answered with an unhelpful shrug. "I wouldn't advise it. Just because he managed it the first time doesn't mean he's not going to lose control."
"You'll just have to convince him, that no matter what it is, you aren't holding yourself back. You and I did some pretty kinky things," Gerald points out. "Why wouldn't you do it for him?"
When his breathing evened out and his heartbeat slowed, he got up and gingerly limped to his bedroom, collapsing on top of the covers. The bed had been made, which meant Mrs. Hudson had been here while he was gone.
The floors are hardwood, unfinished pine. There's a wicker basket on the floor beyond the sideboard that holds a pair of wellies and trainers.
"Well, I'm glad you're excited, seeing as how you and I are meant to go through those stacks of books over there before you become human."
"Good morning!" John calls through the bathroom door on the way to his bedroom. He sets the clothes on the settee next to Sherlock's duffel bag and, then, remembering the medical brief, he searches through Sherlock's duffel bag but finds nothing but clothes. Maybe it fell on the kitchen floor under the table and John's just been too deep in thought to notice?
John wants to apologize, though for what he's not sure, especially since he and Gerald have ended up with the men they'd longed for before they met each other. Before he can open his mouth, Gerald asks, "Can I hug you?" tentatively, and John hesitates only a couple of seconds before whispering, "Yeah."
"I do care, you know," John says quietly, after a very uncomfortable moment in which John tries to remember what they were doing before he accidentally said
Sherlock pushes himself all the way up, and grabs John by the wrist, and says, "C'mere," just like in his fantasy, and John goes. Sherlock wraps him up in his arms, and finds his chest expanding with something that feels like hurt, but also feels good, when John slumps against him, pressing his face into Sherlock's neck.
"JohnJohnJohnJohn!" Sherlock chanted, throwing himself at John's chair. He started to climb John's legs, his sharp claws puncturing the fabric of John's trousers and into his skin.
hesitated when you've had a flashback, but I did this time because I was distracted by my bloody erection, and the fact that you'd just—"
The shower goes on and on, as does John's tears. Sherlock is panting with the effort of keeping himself in his chair. Ten minutes, then twenty. After thirty, the water tank will run out of heated water and John will have to get out, but he doesn't, not until almost forty minutes have gone by. Sherlock has to take another clonazepam halfway through because his anxiety is so high, he's so tightly wound, he
Gerald gently guides John's legs back onto the bed and then lies down, pressing up against John and keeping their legs knitted together so that contact isn't broken but John is no longer physically vulnerable. John can feel Gerald's lost erection against his thigh and stifles the frustration he feels at having derailed their plans.
Gerald stands up, the movement jerky, his muscles tight, and goes the long way around it to the sitting room door so he doesn't have to ask John to move his legs off the coffee table.
Sherlock's hand reaches for John's shoulder. He slides two fingers from John's shoulder to his hand, which is resting on his hip. Then Sherlock's palm settles at the small of John's back and he pulls John close to him. He kisses John and the longing John feels is so strong that his stomach rolls and he thinks he might throw up. He gasps for air. In his fantasy, Sherlock pulls away and his eyebrows come together in puzzled concern but he doesn't say anything.
refers to sexual acts. I mean, consider lesbians. They don't have penises. They can still penetrate but only with their fingers or a dildo but millions of lesbians would rip your head off for suggesting that they're not having sex with their girlfriend if all they ever use is their fingers and their mouth. To me, that makes gay sex more intimate because we're not just getting things out of the way so we can get to the part where someone penetrates someone else. I've always felt sorry for straight women. I imagine most men only use foreplay as a means to penetration and don't bother otherwise."
"Yeah, okay, but other than getting all spiffed up like I'm going on a date, and wearing your coat and the shoes—I mean, like, okay—so I pack up the coat and shoes and take a taxi to your secret sin palace, and then we have sex?"
Before he realizes he's made a decision, Sherlock jumps up from the microscope and darts for their bedroom. After showering and shaving, he shimmies into a pair of dark skinny jeans that John says makes his arse look like he's nineteen, and a blue button down with subtle silver stripes. He rolls up the sleeves because it's about a thousand degrees outside, but he doesn't want to meet John's friends wearing a t-shirt.
Rebecca gives him a predatory wink and pulls the door out of John's hands. The cab pulls away, and John is left standing on the sidewalk, smiling like he's mental, getting hard, thinking of all the dirty things Sherlock has groaned and whispered in John's ear every time they have sex.
"John! I finally got to masturbate!" His voice was high and manic. "I didn't think it would be so messy. I did it six times already! Can you do it that many times in a day? The internet says the older you get, the longer your recovery period. I didn't even have a recovery period the first three times. My penis stayed hard even after I'd ejaculated! Did you know that you could watch people have sex on the Internet? Aiden and I watched two women having sex, and two men having sex, and a man with a woman, and two men with one woman, and two men with two men, and—"
Unfortunately this meant Sherlock spattered more egg slime over the sitting room floor. He tucked his wings in and they lay neatly along his side. Then he swiveled his head until it landed on John. "John!" he cried in a surprisingly deep voice.
"No, I, uh, I need to use the loo," Sherlock says. John opens his mouth, but Sherlock cuts him off. "I can manage on my own."
"And did she? Yell at you, that is?" John asks, turning over onto his side, fascinated by Gerald's frank confession.
John's eyes slide away, and his mouth opens, but he says nothing. Then he sighs, and looks back at Sherlock, and says, "We don't have time."
was out there for him to take. How could he not know he was bisexual? It seems ridiculous to him now. Yesterday he thought he was just Sherlock-exual and it turns out that falling in love with Sherlock has opened a door John hadn't even known was there.
Sherlock's brother was not who John would have chosen to speak to about this situation, but he needed to talk to
John held his breath, his heart tripping in excitement. He could see Sherlock out of the corner of his eye, hands clasped in front of his chest. He looked like a racehorse waiting for the gate to open on the track.
his tongue, John's hips are thrusting uselessly into the air, Sherlock's face from forehead to chin is covered in saliva, and he's so hard the friction against the duvet may just be enough to bring him off.
"That was quite a speech," Dr. Reed says, sounding wholly unimpressed. "And I think I might even be persuaded to believe that a few of the things you said were true. For the most part, though, it was utter tosh."
"I'll ring for a van." Chatsworth shook his head, already pulling his mobile out of his pocket. "We'll have to sneak Sherlock out since it's the middle of the day."
"That's the insidiousness of torture," Dr. Reed says. "Nobody holds up under torture. It continuously peels away layer after layer of your personality, and every time you think you've hit the bottom, like this is the absolute
There's something there, though, something right under the surface that he can't get to. It's only when he's standing at the nurse's station and watches Premal, a male nurse who's about three inches shorter than John walk in and say hi, that John gets it.
, but that thought disappeared as a sense of contentment settled over him. He found himself caressing the egg, his left hand petting it from the top down its side as far into the crate as he could reach. His surroundings seemed to fall away.
John can't hide from the truth that he stashed inside his heart before he glued it back together the first time, a million years ago, watching a gorgeous, brilliant, mad bastard throw himself off the roof of the hospital where John learned how to save people's lives. It's the same  truth that he felt a million years ago lying on Sherlock's grave (when he thought it was
"I don't like him," Sherlock said in what John suspected was supposed to be a whisper, but was audible to everyone in the room.
"I didn't want to do it over the phone," John says, gathering his integrity around him like a shield. "I'm not a coward and I wanted to face you like a man."
In the kitchen, he flips on the light, and it's the first time he's really seen Sherlock since he came in not more than ten minutes ago. The light in the bedroom is dim and Sherlock was crouched most of the time.
"Put your claws away, dammit!" John said and was surprised when Sherlock obeyed. "Now just sit here and relax for a minute. Don't you think it feels nice?"
"You just need something to chew on. Maybe some pain medicine." John trailed off, his eyes squinting in thought. Would pain medicine even work on a dragon? If so, what would the dosage be based on? If Sherlock were a child, John would dose him according to weight.
soothing him. It gave him purpose, something just as important as the sense of belonging he felt with his new friend.
, Sherlock said with a sharpness in his voice that made it clear this was a subject he didn't want to continue with.
Sherlock says the last few words so quietly they're almost a whisper. He comes out of his panegyric to find himself sitting against the headboard of his old bed, holding a pillow against his stomach as though it's a trauma dressing and he'll bleed out if he lets it go. It's an apt analogy now that he's thinking about it.
John sees the hope blossom in Sherlock's eyes before he squashes it down with another furrow of his brow. "Well, of course, you're
"I've never heard of a dragon choosing his mate before he hatches," Chatsworth said. "But, like Mycroft said, a dragon knows and he's never wrong. Give it time, John. He seems young to you—and he is—but he'll learn and mature at an exponential rate. Much faster than a born-human."
!" John shouts, rising to his feet in a display of deep-seated emotion, startling Sherlock with the volume of his voice and the force of the feeling behind it. "All you had to do was tell me you were alive and I would've
Sherlock's face registers shock, and he opens his mouth, wanting to say something, but unsure as to what that something might be. "How long did he know?" Sherlock asks finally.
, Sherlock added, disdainfully pushing the baby soothers away with the claw of one foot as though they would pollute him if they touched his skin.
decisions and feelings. 'I get that you're not to blame for your wife leaving you. But just because she hurt you doesn't mean her
It's nothing like his fingers, though – not physically and not psychologically. John feels like Gerald has marked him in a way, possessed him, maybe. But there's something else. He feels powerful, almost more powerful than he would if their positions were reversed. Yes, Gerald is inside him, but that's just the thing. He's holding Gerald
"Oh, not you, mate. My dragon's trying to carry on a conversation with me from inside the building."
defenses, you might love me back. My thinking was flawed, though, because I was operating under a faulty premise. I assumed you didn't want me because I was a
Startled awake, John realized he'd fallen asleep in his chair and at some point, Sherlock had climbed up the back and was sitting on the headrest. His long, muscular tail was wrapped around John's arm and shoulder and coiled around his neck. John grabbed the part around his neck with the hand that wasn't already trapped by a dragon tail, and pulled on it.
in a loop in his head. Sherlock pulls his index finger out, slowly, pressing it down as he goes, dragging along the inside bottom of John's rectum, and just barely misses his prostate. John still makes a sound that is meant to be,
Even after he can speak again, he doesn't. He doesn't want to move. They lie there for a good five minutes. Eventually, Gerald pushes him off with a mumbled
There's silence for a minute before Sherlock sighs and says, "I would not agree to make a deal to exchange your sexual obeisance for my attendance at a social gathering of your friends because it would backfire. In case you need reminding, the results of the last deal we made is still charted on a spreadsheet on my hard drive, and you didn't like that one either," says Sherlock, low and serious.
Sherlock's claws were out and John had cause to regret taking his clothes off as Sherlock tried to climb him.
Sherlock preened and John, feeling an unwelcome stab of jealousy, was tempted to dump him out onto the floor. "What happened to all the accoutrements for dragon rearing that you promised me, Mycroft?" John asked instead.
? God, that makes it sound like something cats go in. But John's game so he goes to the box, steps over the edge and sees that it's filled with dried green lentils. He gets down on his knees and immediately mumbles at the discomfort. He looks up at Gerald, who's looking down at him with undisguised lust and is also holding a stopwatch.
"Besides, what I really want to do is suck you," John says, his eyes dark with lust. A blush stains his ears, and spreads down to his face and chest. "And then I want you to come on my face."
"I need a shower and food, and then we need to talk," John says, wiggling his way out of Sherlock's arms.
That weekend, Gerald helps John move all the boxes from the second-floor bedroom to the storage space that faces the street on the second floor. (John didn’t even know the space was there until Mrs. Hudson suggested it in favor of giving away Sherlock's stuff. It answers his question of why his bedroom doesn't take up the whole of the second floor.)
. I'm going to come if you keep this up," and Sherlock says, wonderingly, also breathless and barely able to speak, "You can come without touching yourself?" and John, frustrated and so, so hard, says, "I haven't yet, but you're well on your way to—"
"First rule. You don't hide any pain or injuries from me. That means, you answer all my questions honestly. I'm going to examine you from top to bottom and I'll take notes, but I need you to be totally transparent with me."
For Sherlock, none of that matters. He's secure in his masculinity because masculinity has nothing to do with being straight or gay. And it certainly has nothing to do with wearing a pair of women's shoes.
John looked at Chatsworth askance. "Are you supposed to spy on us? Like, report everything we do—or don't do—to Mycroft?"
Why was he fine with the things Gerald did to him—some of which were pretty fucking kinky—but not this? The reason he fell into his relationship with Gerald with such ease was because he'd already struggled with his sexuality after Sherlock died. He'd accepted he was bisexual, and mourned Sherlock even more, and then he'd met Gerald, so it hadn't been a shock.
Ten minutes later, John and Sherlock came back out of the bedroom. John's face was so red he looked as though he'd been sunburned. Sherlock was obviously desperately trying
, and then, hesitantly, says, "Can I—do you want me to use this?" and dangles the red lube launcher in front of John's face. John says, "If you want, but you—you'll need to, um—do you see that little tub right there? Yeah? Okay, pump the stuff from the green bottle into that little bowl, and then you can suck it up with the—" and Sherlock picks up the tub, and says, "This?" and John nods.
Their humid, whispered declarations against each other's skin taper off until they're both silent, relaxed against each other, as Baker Street comes to full life outside.
Sherlock rarely curses. He thinks it indicates a lack of imagination. So, when Sherlock uses a curse word it makes a big impact. Sherlock is happy to see that John's eyes are open wide in astonishment. He looks on the verge of saying something so Sherlock decides to just get it over with.
John stares at her incredulously over his clipboard while the nurse hovers around waiting for instructions. "Tell me which pain started first."
"C'mon, I'm sorry," John says. He turns, and asks, "Can I—" and Sherlock asks, "What?" immediately alert, and John says, "I want to kiss you, but you're down there, and you said—it's okay so long as I'm not behind you or over you, so I need you to—"
while you were gone!" He lowered his voice to a whisper. "I think Chatsworth is secretly working for Mycroft."
"Okay, fine," John says finally. "He works with SIS. He was on a mission for them, out of the country. He's undercover—well, not
, exactly, he finds Sherlock’s voice. Despite his irritation, Sherlock indulges in rubbing the heel of his hand against Blaine’s erection and smiles viciously when Blaine parts his lips and sucks in a shuddering breath.
, eh? You have sabotaged everything in my life that wasn't to do with you, and my relationship with Gerald was no different. Do you know what he said when I went to see him that night? He said the minute you walked in the door, what he and I had was over, that it never stood a chance once you showed up. Why, Sherlock?
John scowls. "No, actually. I was going to say that I never worried you would make fun of me or call me an idiot."
John and Mycroft settled down with their tea, suddenly awkward with each other now that they'd called a truce. They sipped their tea in silence, avoiding each other's eyes. John's urge to touch Sherlock's egg was thwarted by the fact that Sherlock's egg wouldn't stay still.
come untouched, but Sherlock's nailed it (and him) first time. He avoids pumping his fist into the air. He pulls out, pulls off the condom, ties the end, and drops it on the floor.
about my fucking reputation? If it were just me, as much as I love London, there are other cities in the world who could use my particular talents."
us,” at the same time that Sherlock says, "I'm going to take a shower down here and you are going to take a shower upstairs and
curling over his own, larger fingers, knitting them together. Sherlock smiles, does some more nuzzling, and drifts off to a barbiturate (and John) fueled sleep.
" John asks, more defensive than what is warranted. "You know very well Gerald isn't some casual acquaintance, Mycroft. You've known that for almost a year."
"Who are you?" John whispered, but got no further because there was a hard punch to his gut, so painful that it knocked the wind out of him. He looked at his stomach, expecting a cannon ball to have lodged itself in his diaphragm. There was no explanation for the horror of what he was suffering—
"A lot of what?" John asks absentmindedly, leaning against the counter so he can bend over and take off his socks.
Sherlock is shaking—John watches dumbly, overwhelmed by the nerve-jangling, gut-punch switch from hot sex to nightmare.
Sherlock looked small and pitiful like that, and John felt his face heat in immediate chastisement, though he wasn't quite sure what he'd done.
Dr. Andy Reed spends at least thirty minutes telling Sherlock who he is, what happened to him, and why he became a therapist. He was captured by the Taliban in 2004, and held for three hundred and ninety-four days during which he experienced physical and psychological torture and extreme deprivation. When he was finally rescued, he was invalided out of the army and sent home with a diagnosis of PTSD where he promptly failed to adjust to civilian life.
"John, I'm sorry—for your—" Sherlock takes a deep breath and sighs. "I'm sorry." He leaves it at that.
There's silence for a minute before Sherlock sighs and says, "I would not agree to make a deal to exchange your sexual obeisance for my attendance at a social gathering of your friends because it would backfire. In case you need reminding, the results of the last deal we made is still charted on a spreadsheet on my hard drive, and you didn't like that one either," says Sherlock, low and serious.
"You gave me a choice, John, and I chose. Now, I'm asking you to go. My feelings for you are too—" Here he faltered momentarily, his chin dimpling slightly. "Aiden told me about
"He doesn't have to, Rebecca," John says firmly, trying to end this line of questioning. "He hates children. Drop it."
. Sherlock buries his head in his older brother's chest and sobs. When his shuddering body has settled down to shivers, Mycroft sits in the other chair and tells Sherlock that he is never, ever again allowed to do anything more dangerous than chasing criminals around London.
Fondly, John watched him. He couldn't wait for Sherlock to take his human form, but there was much to be recommended in having a small dragon as one's best friend.
the only party who wants to cuddle, I'll just stay over here out of your way. We wouldn't want to have any nonconsensual cuddling."
Then he takes both of John's hands and pulls him backwards towards the dark room, staring at John with such a heated look that they're barely inside before John has Gerald caged in his arms, kissing him with unrelenting desire. He clutches Gerald's hips with his hands and pushes him towards the bed. When Gerald's knees hit the back of the bed, John begins to undress Gerald, kissing each inch of skin that gets exposed.
He gets Sherlock downstairs, and the both of them in the shower, and washes them clean of all the bodily fluids—blood, saliva, vomit,
"Yeah," he says, and a grin breaks out on his face even though he's not quite sure what he's grinning about.
"Shut up," Gerald says with mock petulance. "Therapists need to talk about their feelings, too, you know."
Of course, he would take all the wiggling and whining and griping and love it if he could only have Sherlock back again.
were being hunted, not just by the initial sniper, who Mycroft's agents took out, but by the one responsible for you if the first one died, and then another when
"Yeah, pretty sure," John says, his voice gone soft and quiet, thinking about Harry more than babies, and feeling that familiar stab of regret for not realizing she mattered until she was lost to him.
, Sherlock! You can't tell me that there wasn't one person in the entirety of the British Secret Service who couldn't have taken on the tasks of finding these people who were threatening our lives?"
"My parents are very socially liberal, and have always strongly supported human rights, including gay rights. Even then I was afraid to tell them I was gay. I might not have told them for years except that a few days before Christmas my first year at Oxford, my mother walked in on me performing oral sex on the boy from next door, who also happened to be my best friend and flatmate at Oxford. I was humiliated but Cyril just pulled a blanket over us, and said, 'We'll be down in a mo, Mrs. Glass, and then you can yell at us.' Cool as you please, as though butter wouldn't melt in his mouth. He'd come out to his parents practically as soon as he knew what it meant."
"Being glad to be home doesn't automatically mean you're glad he died. Event A—his suicide—resulted in Event B. Your rescue. Could you have helped him?"
in his gut. In Afghanistan, on the streets of London, at the pool with Moriarty, John did not/would not/would not have
Sherlock is sitting in his chair, the ankle of one leg over the knee of the other, his fingers pressed together just under his lips. He's removed his suit jacket, and John is again reminded how strikingly handsome Sherlock is. He's gained weight and healed quickly, and in less than a month he looks almost like his old self, except his hair is shorter than John's ever seen it although it's finally grown out enough to curl. It feels like he's looking down his nose at John, even though Sherlock is the one sitting down.
"Tape, tape," he hissed, digging through kitchen drawers. And then—a ha! It was in the desk in the sitting room.
. I thought—" Sherlock stops, and tilts his head back, shocked to find himself near tears. He takes a deep breath, and lowers his head again. "I thought we agreed that you wouldn't make decisions based on what
Sherlock is taken to a holding facility where he expects to be processed as a prisoner of the state, but instead, he's bundled into the back of a van and taken to a compound deep in the forest around a small-town close to the border of Romania. He knows this isn't good news because he's essentially been made to disappear. Now they can do anything to him.
"It's fine—you won't hurt me," John says, referring to his scar, where the skin is mostly numb, and Sherlock says through gritted teeth, as though John has driven him
"I should've answered Dr. Reed's calls—I could've asked his advice," Sherlock mumbles into the pillow.
"Why do you want to know?" Sherlock asks, the fork in his hand stilling for only a second on its way to his mouth.
"I'll need to go upstairs and drag some of your clothes out of storage so for now, let's just get you into your pajama bottoms. Do you think you can sleep without a t-shirt on for now? I'd really like you to go back to sleep."
John stared at the crate in his sitting room. There was no shipping information on it—it was just a wooden slat crate, about three foot squared. He walked closer and looked down at the top of it. The lid was nailed down. Whatever was in it wasn't for him.
Here we are at the end of our journey. I posted the first story/chapter at the end of May so we've come a long way with each other. As some of you know, my beloved dog Pippin went into late stage heart failure in October, and on the 16 of October, we made the decision to euthanize him. On a cool October afternoon I drove him to the vet and then drove back home an hour later with a void in my life.
once thought incapable, that puts the last crack in John's glued together heart, reminding him of how he felt when Sherlock first came home, in those moments when he could see that Sherlock felt a little dead inside, and tried so hard to mask it, and John felt so fucking helpless, he thought his chest might cave in, that it might be
"You have to be absolutely still, Gerald. No flinching. I don't fancy giving you a split lip and then following it up with an ugly scar. If you think you might flinch, we can come up with a way to restrain your head."
"I’m glad we’ll be there to celebrate with them," Sherlock says, without preamble, blinking blearily, "because it took them twenty-five years to realize they were meant to be together even though all they had to do all that time was just
Sherlock kneels over Blaine on the bed, caresses his cheek, kisses his chin and then his eyes. He moves up his chest, cold fingertips digging against Blaine's skin just enough to be pleasant, but not so light as to tickle. Gentle kisses then tender touches, until Blaine is relaxing under him, the barbiturate taking effect again.
"You're insatiable," Gerald says, shaking his head like he's disappointed. "Let's get home so you can suck my cock instead."
John's breath catches painfully, and it's a long, long while before John stops breathing very carefully through his mouth, weeping as silently as he can, improbably joyful for a man with a broken heart.
you can get—your torturers come up with something to prove you wrong. Think of your essential self as a hard drive where your experiences are stored. Sometimes you go in and delete a few files, maybe run some diagnostics, but it stays roughly the same. Torture
"Yes, Sherlock," John says, trying to school his features into something more solemn and failing miserably. "Despite everything standing in our way, I'd hoped to get my lips wrapped around your knob sooner or later, preferably sooner."
Sherlock had obediently stayed on the towel, but he was on his back, head curled up, trying to peer at his belly. Noticing John, he twisted his head around and said, "John, I want you to check and see if I have a penis, too."
As far as taking down the last of Moriarty's web, Sherlock has come full circle. His first mission as an unofficial representative of MI6 was to infiltrate the trafficking ring in New Orleans, where women from Serbia, Romania and the Czech Republic were taken in the expectation of receiving American citizenship in exchange for two years of unpaid labor. The women, of course, don't realize that the labor in question is prostitution.
"Listen, you little bugger, don't go getting any ideas. I can't keep a ten foot lizard in a flat in the middle of London. We're gonna have to find who you belong to and get you back to them."
At the reminder of Sherlock's deception, John tenses visibly and Sherlock shrinks into himself in frustrated guilt. He knows if he apologizes, John will just tell him apologies are useless (something
"Monstrous, he is. Yeah. Cooking supper for your wife every night is really just an unthinkable offense."
"You're going to show me how to give a fantastic blowjob," he says, his palms lighting on Gerald's shins.
"You're a good man," she says quietly. "I know how much you love Gerald, how much it must hurt to be without him, but if you're in love with this other man then you need to
She smiles, but says nothing. Sherlock feels safe next to a lonely woman whose skin is mapped with freckles, the two of them hidden inside the camouflage world.
He rubbed under Sherlock's pearly white chin until Sherlock began to purr. "Do you want to see all the things Chatsworth has brought in? He had a van with him—that's like a really big car for hauling lots of very interesting things around."
his water to have sugar in it, John agreed but only while he was poorly. Once he was better, it was back to plain old tap water.
at two in the morning because he's not eaten for three days is hardly on par with Jasper. He's very—
Sherlock has no compunctions about seducing Blaine Whitney. All he cares about is destroying Moriarty and he has no problem fucking someone to do that. Sherlock is good at turning off his moral compass, especially when it comes to sex. He’s never had an interest in romance but he has always had a very high libido. It’s taken him years to rein it in, and now he gets to let it out of its cage and hope it doesn’t destroy him.
It's meant as a tease, and the words are out before John can consider the implications. Gerald's eyes widen and then drop to the floor. John doesn't need words to interpret what Gerald's thinking.
"I fail to see the difference," Sherlock says, his tears momentarily on hold while he gears himself up for an argument.
The next day, John goes over Sherlock's injuries with clinical professionalism. John is still angry and Sherlock, though regretful, reverts to his usual way of handling negative emotions—pretending he doesn't care and acting like a Posh Public School Arsehole, as John called it (rather cleverly, in Sherlock's opinion).
"But if it weren't for me, you would still be with him!" Sherlock says, throwing his arms out in frustration. He moves closer to the bed, and John thinks
himself against John. Sherlock moans against John's lips and before John can form a clear plan of action, Sherlock shoves his tongue into John's mouth.
, but Sherlock spreads both of his cheeks wide, and John clenches automatically, and Sherlock gasps, and groans so loudly that John wonders if he really has come in his nonexistent-pants.
John smiled softly. Sherlock was really kind of adorable, if frighteningly capable of causing havoc in a very short period of time. John couldn't begin to imagine how he would manage Sherlock and his job, though he was almost positive Mycroft would help. After all, the last thing either of them wanted was an unsupervised Sherlock. There was no telling what kind of trouble he could get into.
and how to identify it, one of those grey areas that John only had opinions on, not facts. Sherlock found opinions to be less useful than facts, as though opinions were unnecessary to understanding.
for a row. Now that Sherlock has gained weight, and his bruises have faded, John's concern has diminished considerably, making room for his anger and resentment.
"Sherlock, you're confused. We need to stop," John says, trying to keep his voice calm and steady, and failing miserably.
Sherlock looks at the lube launcher with even more horror, and then holds it up, and says, "Oh, I see," and he throws it overhand towards the bedroom door, which it smacks against before clattering to the floor. "There. The lube launcher has been launched," and John bows over in laughter so hard, it leaves him gasping for air.
Being short he's been underestimated his whole life. There's nothing especially manly about John, but after he met Gerald it became a moot point because, quite frankly, compared to Cyril and Gerald, John is practically
John keeps his eyes locked on Sherlock and gradually leans forward, letting his tongue slip out of his mouth incrementally, wetting his lips, reminding Sherlock of a slow motion film. Sherlock's hips strain upward even though he's gripping the mattress and imagining his arse sinking into it, in order to avoid smacking John in the face with his clothed erection.
"So, you're saying—" John says, the words coming haltingly. "You're saying that you are sexually attracted to me?"
One Saturday afternoon six months after Sherlock's death, John is walking through Regent's Park, when he decides on the spur of the moment to go for a pint somewhere new. He takes the tube from Regent's Park station to Euston Square station and heads to Euston Tap. The pub is fairly quiet, it being the middle of the day. Several of the tables are full but there's only one other person sitting at the bar. John glances over at him when he sits down and then does a double take.
"Figure out his kink," she says, almost to herself before she looks at John, and waggles her eyebrows suggestively, before saying, "Fulfill his nastiest, filthiest fantasy in exchange for his attendance to the party."
Gerald abruptly sits back on his heels and hooks his arms under John's knees and then leans forward. In seconds, John's thighs are pressed almost entirely against his chest and Gerald's cock is dangerously close to John's anus. John gasps, excited by the idea of being at the mercy of someone physically powerful, even though he knows that Gerald would never use physical force on him. (John can't explain how he knows that about someone he's known less than a dozen hours, but there it is). Besides, even if Gerald did try to force himself on John, he has no doubt he could fight him off.
"You're a bastard, Mycroft Holmes!" John hisses, trying not to yell because Sherlock is still sleeping.
A terrible rage bubbled up inside John. Those people—and he included Chatsworth in this group and he would tell him so, next time he saw him—those people had
at telling you all the dirty things I want to do with you, but I can't—I'm terrified of risking another flashback like the one you had Friday night. It was—and I'm not downplaying your trauma, the original or the trauma of your flashbacks and panic attacks—but watching that flashback was
I never knew I wanted. John Watson carries the embodiment of courage and loyalty in every single one of the one hundred and sixty-nine centimeters that make up his deceptively ordinary person.
about the fact that I'm about to put this thing in your arse, and fill it up with anal lube, and then I'm going to put my
"He just said he wanted me to wear nothing but the stilettos and the Belstaff, to go downstairs, the taxi would be waiting for me, and the driver would know where to go."
John goes skidding around the corner of the alley, wiping sweat from his forehead and almost collides with the skip in front of him. The bright staccato sounds of laughter and clink of dishes spill out of the café at the front of the building.
When she leaves, Mycroft bends over Sherlock, cradles his little brother's head in his hands, and kisses his temple while salty tears fall on Sherlock's cheek. For the first and probably last time in Sherlock's life, Mycroft says
"Yes, sir," Chatsworth said, still looking like he might laugh. "John, stay away from my tea. C'mon Sherlock. Let's get you dressed so these old codgers can relax."
John helps Sherlock stand. "I'll go get your pain pills. You're soaked in sweat. Do you want to change your clothes?"
Sherlock presses the heels of his hands into his eyes, trying to staunch the tears his traitorous body seems determined to spew out every time he allows himself to
"You have no idea how much I want you," Sherlock says, his voice hoarse with frustration and desire. "And just so we're clear, you were
Their kiss quickly descends into a frantic clash of teeth and tongue while their hands grip, and stroke, trying to delete any space between their bodies. In one whirling motion, Sherlock turns them around, drops to the bed, and tugs John onto his lap, his knees on either side of Sherlock's thighs. Sherlock reaches down and unties John's scrub bottoms, then slips his hand inside, his eyes never leaving John's face.
He's thinking about all this while he's getting out everything he needs. He pulls on his headlamp (Sherlock always laughed when he put it on – Every. Single. Time.) He washes his hands thoroughly, dries them on a clean towel and then pulls on a pair of nitrile gloves.
"Are you going to continue to interrupt me?" Sherlock asks, scowling. John shakes his head, chagrined. "I would arrange a cab to pick you up here at 6 p.m. and bring you to me. And then, well—and then I would seduce you. The salient points are that you put on the Belstaff and stilettos, and go downstairs, and get in the cab. The driver will know where—"
John's surprised to find his face wet when they finally pull apart. He scrubs the tears away with both hands, laughing wetly. Gerald is sniffing and wiping his own face.
"You idiot," John says, sounding frustrated. “See, this is the kind of shit you always pull! Just. Sorry. I'm sorry for yelling. Here, let me get—”
John had forgotten Mycroft was there and clearly Sherlock had as well because he whipped his head around and hissed at Mycroft.
The next morning, John gets two texts from Rebecca and Bernie, which he answers as tersely as he can. Apparently, they're not reassured, because he gets two
that you could love him, but not me. So, I—I just wanted to grab what I could while your pity for me would mean you wouldn't stop me. I didn't
John lowers himself to his elbows between Gerald's thighs. At this point, he would kiss and lick his way up his lover's thighs but the other thing that comes with clearer indicators of arousal in a male lover is the refractory period between orgasms. So John decides to get them both off right now and save the more languorous sex for later in the night. (He's surprised that the idea of
John was no longer laughing. He jogged to catch up with Sherlock. "Who do you think you'll be having all this sex with?"
Gerald gets up and John sits back on his heels. John can't see above Gerald's shins unless he raises his head and he's not going to raise his head because he, John Watson, is in control.
"Nope! I will turn around and lock myself in that bedroom and leave you out here by yourself if you say another word."
complete disconnect from himself and other human beings that pushed Dr. Reed to become a therapist. He wanted to fill that hole in the veteran support system. If he couldn't find his own therapist, he could at least be there for someone else.
Then he rested for a moment, trying to avoid thinking of anything because he didn't know how much longer he could endure the magical operant conditioning he was being subject to.
"What is all this?" John asked, peeking at the books Sherlock had pulled out of one of the boxes. "I thought he was just sending teething supplies."
For the second time, John stares at his phone like it has personally insulted him. That's two people who have hung up on him because he's not been fair to Sherlock or has somehow let him down. Okay, then. John knows he can't help Sherlock until Sherlock tells him what, exactly, he needs help with. So. Time to get to the bottom of this and find out what Sherlock is hiding.
that without Sherlock's resurrection, he and I would not have our wonderful, patient, sexy as fuck partners where they belong which is
John wakes up, his body frozen, covered in a slick sheen of sweat, his chest heaving, and lungs trying to suck in more air. He reaches for his phone to silence the alarm, and sits up, feeling sluggish. That's when he realizes he's alone, and the flat is ominously silent. He's naked, and last night comes rushing back—a flash of terror flooding his body with a burst of adrenaline, and he finally understands the source of his nightmare.
John glances at Sherlock and smiles and Sherlock feels a relief so powerful, it staggers him. Mrs. Hudson leaves after one last kiss to Sherlock's cheek. John obediently goes into the kitchen and puts the kettle on.
Three hours, two helpings of Chinese food, and one fantastic shag later, Sherlock has dropped off into his post-case blackout sleep. He'll sleep for fourteen hours, so John busies himself writing up the notes for the case so he can begin the blog post. Suddenly, Sherlock comes lurching out of the bedroom, wrapped up in a white sheet, his hair sticking up in all directions, and looking for all the world like The Mummy from the old horror movies.
"While you're eating, I'm going to outline your treatment here at home," John begins. "Like I said, my two priorities are pain management and feeding you up. The injuries I'm most concerned with are your broken and cracked ribs. The lacerations were stitched up neatly and will heal quickly. In fact, today I'll be taking some of the stitches on the smaller ones out and maybe even some of the bigger ones, depending on the tensile strength of the skin.
to. I pander to clients and the public at large—I have allowed Mycroft to lock me away in the flat, to let the members of New Scotland Yard, and shadowy government agencies have control of my so-called return to polite society, have agreed to be imprisoned in my
“Oh, fuck you, Holmes. You European agents are all the same. You think you’re so fucking superior to Americans - “
that makes me sound—" and Sherlock interrupts him, and says, "No, no—it doesn't. I think—" and he wraps John up in his arms, and presses his face into the crook of John's neck, sucking in the smell of John's skin. He can't help his hands from roaming over John's naked back, and arousal blooms back to life inside him, traveling along his nerves, and he peers over John's shoulder, wanting to clutch John's arse, wanting to spread him open and take him again, but he can't touch John, not yet, not until he reassures John that he gets it—because he does get it now, he really does.
John's voice has the power of a slap in the face to drag Sherlock back to the present, and Sherlock does exactly as John says—he looks. John slips his hand into Sherlock's pants and readjusts his erection so that it lies up against his stomach, and then puts Sherlock's pants to rights, leaving the head of his erection exposed. There's something obscene about having just the tip of it exposed, but then John pulls the leg opening of Sherlock's pants to the side, and gently tugs one testicle out through the opening, and gives new meaning to
For about five seconds, John was confused at the one-eighty Sherlock had taken and then he realized what he'd said. Flustered, he dropped Sherlock's arm and stepped back several paces. "That's not what I meant! I meant you're too young. You don't know what you want and you can't just trust any old person simply because you want to have sex."
. Especially having watched what it did to this one—" He points to John, and says, "You're a right bastard, Sherlock Holmes, but
That's when Captain John Watson lurches to his feet, pulls on his discarded scrub bottoms, uses Sherlock's shirt to wipe Sherlock's cum off his face, and turns on the overhead light, the other lamp, and opens the door, and then
to happen to me, I'll be in a hospital where there are doctors and nurses and machines and medicines designed to save lives. I'll be safe as houses."
"Yeah," he says, and a grin breaks out on his face even though he's not quite sure what he's grinning about.
There was some complicated maneuvering involved in taking it off of Sherlock since he refused to drop the bone. John took the shirt to the kitchen trash.
"We can burn it back at the flat and put the ashes in a baggie and then we can come back," Gerald offers. "Or you could just keep the notebook."
Answers could wait, but John's stomach could not. He lurched for the bathroom, not wanting to clean up vomit in addition to being sick. He bent over the commode; the violence of his body's chocking effort to turn his stomach inside out shocked him. Fear begin to bleed into the edges of his mind. There was more of that tugging feeling—an actual physical feeling so repulsive that John's guts heaved hard enough to produce black spots in his vision.
"I want to undress you slowly, my lips, and tongue, and teeth working their way from your mouth down to your neck, and then your chest, but no lower, at least not yet. I'll use the time spent undressing you to pour my love for you into every kiss and caress. When you try to hurry things along, I'll slow you down, but when I finally remove our clothes, it won't be love I'm thinking of. Our height difference makes it too unwieldy for me to take you on your hands and knees, but I'll work you open in that position, and then I'll lie down on my back, and watch you pant and grunt and wince at the burn as you work yourself down onto my cock. I'll let you set the pace at first, but then I'll put my feet flat on the bed, grasp one half of your arse in each hand, and thrust myself into you, spreading your arse cheeks so I can get in as deep as possible. You'll come first, and then I'll pull out and roll you back onto your hands and knees, and make you spread yourself open for me, and you will, even though it means your face is smashed uncomfortably into the mattress. When you've got them spread as wide as you can, I'll jack myself while staring at your hole, the rim red and puffy and slightly gaping, aiming my dick so that when I come, I'll paint your hole with my semen. I'll make you keep yourself spread open so I can watch my cum drip from your arsehole to your balls, and then I'll lick it off, balls first before burying my face between your cheeks to make sure I lick you clean."
When John dabs the betadine on his cuts, Sherlock hisses and instinctively twists away. John holds him in place with a gentle but firm hand and begins murmuring a litany of soothing words and Sherlock almost relaxes into John’s touch. After a while, the stinging pain of each individual cut – ironically, worse than the original lashes – disappears into one sheet of pain, like a choir of individual voices reaching the crescendo and holding one note together.
," Sherlock says. In his mouth, the name is a lament and he loosens his hold on John's hands so he can cradle John's head in his hands. He brings their foreheads together and repeats John's name over and over until the nightmare begins to ease out of his bones. John reaches up to cup his cheeks and he murmurs
The people disperse. John tries to get to his feet. His head hurts and his hands and elbows are scraped from his accident with the bicycle. John kneels on the sidewalk and stares at Sherlock's blood. Sherlock is dead. He gets to his feet. Sherlock's blood is on the toe of his left shoe.
Sherlock's distress remained high so John forced himself back out of bed and up the stairs to consult Chatsworth—who'd just gotten into his own bed—as to whether this was it for Sherlock as far as teeth went or if he would eventually lose his "baby" teeth in favor of the adult set.
Mycroft looked up, incredulous. "I've already told you all I'm going to ever tell you on this subject. He's bonded to you and chosen you as his mate. He won't change his mind or find someone else. What you choose to do with that information, I really don't want to know. Do you understand?"
"What's wrong? Are you sick?" John asks, even as he's climbing onto the bed, one hand trapping Sherlock's wrist to check his pulse, the other hand slipping inside Sherlock's shirt to feel the temperature of his skin.
John's erection has flagged, but Gerald has told him that's normal, especially during prep. Gerald is very observant and he notices right away when John starts to get tired of being on his hands and knees. He gets two pillows (also new, like the bed) and coaxes John onto his back, the pillows under his hips.
"What? There's no way I'm passing you a four week old baby!" John says, rising to hand Milton off to one of his mothers, but Sherlock says, "Just trust me," and John does trust him. He hands the squalling bundle over and can't help but sigh in pleasure at the gentle way Sherlock cradles the baby before laying him on his chest. He holds him there with one hand and begins to hum, the noise low and vibrating in his chest. Milton almost immediately falls quiet.
"Sleep," Sherlock whispers, his eyes closed, his eyelashes making smudged shadows on his cheeks. "M'love."
thing." He put it in air quotes. "Is it asking too much for me to have some breathing room to wrap my head around all this?"
The comparison with Moriarty doesn't stand up on closer inspection. Gerald has shoulder length black hair and his eyes are more hazel than brown when the sunlight catches them at a certain angle. His hair is tucked behind his ears. He’s open, friendly and relaxed. His body is turned mostly towards John, giving him his full attention. He's wearing cargo trousers that hang a little loose on his hips and a short sleeve black shirt. The top two buttons are undone.
John opens his mouth to say something, shakes his head slowly once, twice, then picks up his notebook and pen and writes something in it.
"Are you sure this is your, um, your first time?" Gerald gasps as John patiently but persistently uses his mouth and hands, tongue and teeth, to lavish attention on every bit of Gerald's skin.
"Yes, he seems to prefer male voices to female ones, which is just shit luck for him, poor doll. Did you hold him?"
"Greg informed me last year that he trained under Deputy Assistant Commissioner Ofelia Robbins twenty years ago, when she was a Chief Inspector and he a lowly Constable. Robbins is well liked and sympathetic to our cause, and with her help, we may be able to convince the majority of the upper echelon of New Scotland Yard that you are not a fraud, since they seem determined to believe it, even though the only mistakes found during the audit of your cases were
John's genuine enthusiasm mollifies Sherlock, although he's still disappointed that John isn't as excited as he is.
"John," Sherlock says, his voice still broken despite the days of recovery in Belgrade, or maybe it's just John finally here in front of him. He clears his throat and tries again. "John."
Sherlock sticks a finger in his mouth and licks and sucks on it and then he shoves that hand into the back of John's pajamas and begins rubbing his saliva soaked finger against John's entrance.
Mycroft's eyes drop to his lap, and he takes a moment to brush imaginary lint off his trousers. When he finally speaks, his voice is too low for John to hear. "What happened last night?"
At last, Sherlock is disgorged from the cab and stands in front of an iron gate. With resolve, he breathes in, opens the gate, walks through and latches it. The walk to the front door is short. He raises his hand. He knocks. The door opens.
Sherlock feels the bed dip as John sits down near him, and that makes Sherlock's face scrunch up with the effort to keep the tears at bay until he can be alone
It was still dark outside when John woke up with a start. Immediately he knew Sherlock wasn't with him. He looked around the dark room as though Sherlock might just be crouched in a corner for no reason, then put on his robe and walked out into the sitting room attached to their suite. There he found Sherlock who was sitting on the floor with the laptop screen lighting his face, a box of tissues on one side and a pile of crumpled up tissues on the other.
caused it, I—I couldn't act, I felt frozen. So, I knelt there for a minute and a half and watched you relive being raped. Let's just say I
heart was—and is—you, and Moriarty had gone to great lengths to ensure that you would always be in danger unless I remained dead. No matter how many enemy agents Mycroft found, and destroyed, there was always another one to take his place.
John rolls his eyes and jerks his head towards the bedside drawers. "Everyone keeps lube and condoms in the drawer closest to the bed, Sherlock," and Sherlock grimaces and says, "True dat."
"Dr. John Watson?" the man said, coming all the way into the room until he was only a yard away from where John sat in his chair, his palm resting on Sherlock's feverish egg. The man had eyes only for the egg and he glared at John's hand. "My name is Mycroft Holmes. I'm here to pick up the egg."
Riding the tube home, John reminds himself that Sherlock isn't the comforting type, and not to be hurt when Sherlock dismisses John's feelings. He just needs to give Sherlock a quick exam to make sure he's still healing well, and then he can take a shower and go to bed.
When the nausea passes, Sherlock smiles again, that little half smile. That smirk. Sherlock traces his fingers over John's chest but the whole time he touches John he never looks away from John's eyes. His hand trails down John's stomach and his smile changes. It almost disappears but John can still see the smile in his eyes. It's bold and intense and wicked. John knows this is only how he imagines Sherlock would look if they have – could have, didn't have – sex. It looks good on Sherlock. John thinks about the blood on the toe of his left shoe but then Sherlock's hand wraps around John's cock and John stops thinking and lets himself just feel. He closes his eyes but he hears Sherlock say
Then Chatsworth turned to John. "John, pack your things. We're going to Mycroft's estate and we'll stay there until Sherlock is able to change forms. There's a learning curve when a young dragon first shifts—learning to walk on two legs instead of four, having opposable thumbs and so forth—and until Sherlock is comfortable going out in public, we might want to stay close to the Holmes estate. It's warded with a lookaway spell so—"
"That's the insidiousness of torture," Dr. Reed says. "Nobody holds up under torture. It continuously peels away layer after layer of your personality, and every time you think you've hit the bottom, like this is the absolute
John freezes. There's only two reasons why Sherlock looks someone directly in the eye and maintains eye contact. The first reason—when he wants to intimidate someone.
he ate at least half of what he was supposed to and ate it more often. Of course, John had to emphasize to Sherlock that they could never, ever tell Mycroft that John had given him sugar cubes before he was even twenty-four hours old.
John looked at him blankly. "That's not a secret, Sherlock. We all know Chatsworth is working for Mycroft."
"I've got to leave for a few minutes so I can buy your food," John said, locating his wallet and keys. "Try not to hatch while I'm gone."
Then, Sherlock pulls a sex-dazed John over to his armchair, and, using one palm against John's sternum, guides him down into the chair. Of course, Sherlock would have a tube of slick and condoms tucked between the arm and cushion of John's chair. He arranges John so that his bum sits on the edge of his chair, with one calf positioned over Sherlock's shoulder. He works John open until he's fucking John with four fingers, and John is begging for more. John's only half-hard, having just come, but his sweet pleading whites out Sherlock's mind, leaving him a growling, lust-addled cock. He secures both John's thighs over his shoulders, and holds John's arse cheeks open so he can watch himself fucking in and out of his hole. That was their third time.
But how do they move past it without having to talk it to death? Sex always works to deflect. Especially with John who's about the horniest man Sherlock has ever met. Maybe he should point that out to John. One needs a lot of testosterone to manage that kind of libido. It would sound like he's placating John, though, no matter how true. Maybe sex first, then a discussion of all the qualities Sherlock loves about John, things he considers
He doesn't know when Gerald moved closer to him even though he's staring right at him, and then Gerald is right in front of him. He smiles gently, which is why John doesn't fight back when Gerald puts one hand behind his neck and the other on his arm and spins him around and presses him roughly against the filing cabinet behind them. John grunts at the impact.
Mycroft makes an appearance at 221B Friday evening to inquire after Sherlock's health and see how he and John are faring, but he's not there just for that. There's the matter of managing Sherlock's return from the dead.
. It's not just that, however—John's infidelity is the cause of the breakup, and Sherlock is to blame for John's infidelity.
right now, I'll be your Dom for the rest of the night and there's no guarantee there'll be an orgasm for you at the end of it."
"Come home with me," Gerald says softly into John's ear, causing a tremor to run through John's body.
"Did you think I didn't want you?" John asks, his voice no longer laughing, his brows drawing together in puzzlement.
"All right Sean?" Gregory asked Chatsworth, giving him his hand to shake. Then he moved to shake John's hand. "Nice to meet you. Call me Greg. Only Mycroft calls me Gregory."
"Go back to London, John. I'll call down and have a car waiting to drive you. I'm going flying. Please be gone before I get back."
infant creature, one who can speak telepathically but only after the egg is touched—you took this creature and
and then Sherlock lets him go and John stumbles backwards, tucking himself back into his bottoms before he flees the former sanctuary of his bedroom and up the back stairs into his old room where he drops to the edge of the bed, shivering, waiting for Gerald, staring at the wall across the room, fat tears rolling out of his eyes and dripping onto his shaking hands.
John watches the path of the water with open mouthed lasciviousness, his pupils dilating so quickly he has to squint against the light. Sherlock checks John's crotch and is delighted to find John has a little erection of his own happening down there. (Not that it's
They allow Sherlock a bath and a razor. He has to put on a dress they've found for him somewhere. And, as they promised, Sherlock is required to put on red lipstick although he's spared the minor humiliation of having to wear women's underpants. Then they put him and Zivko in an interrogation room with a two-way mirror and lock them inside. Zivko looks terrified. The mic from behind the blacked-out glass is on and the guards start hissing and cat-calling. Zivko is trembling.
For John, the next two weeks go by in a blur of heartache and furtive tears unleashed only in the shower or at the darkest part of the night into his pillow to muffle the sounds. Whenever he's at work, he can forget about breaking up with Gerald, but he never stops worrying about Sherlock being home alone.
"Yes, darling, nobody can compare. You are the only dragon for me," John said, reaching down to rub his knuckles along Sherlock's cheek.
, he's behind you, and I'm broken too tired and sad to save you." Sherlock's voice wavers, thick and foggy, and John sees the streamers of bloody saliva that bubble up out of Sherlock's lips as his voice shivers and jumps and his body shakes, and John wants to kneel in front of Sherlock, and pull him into his arms, and brush his thick, beautiful hair off his beautiful, gorgeous, sweaty forehead, and wipe the bloody saliva away with gentle fingers, and hold him in his arms, and rock him, because this man is
Sherlock's tongue slips just inside the heat of John's mouth, sliding along the inside of his teeth, down the smooth, wet skin of his cheek before their tongues catch on each other. John's fists his left hand in Sherlock's white button down, and his other hand plows through Sherlock's still-too-short hair. Sherlock drags his hands down John's sides, and around to the small of his back, and lets the fingers of his right hand flirt with the edge of John's scrub bottoms.
"I don't want to fight with you, Sherlock. I'm going out for a couple of hours. Text me if you need me."
Quickly, John grabbed the bottle of shampoo and bar of soap and sat back down in the bath before Sherlock could get another eyeful.
For ninety seconds, John watches as Sherlock pulls his lips in over his teeth, and it's not until later, when red tinged saliva is dripping from his mouth to his chin that John realizes Sherlock has bitten deep into the flesh of the inside of his lips. John hasn't seen a flashback like this—not this rigid, bone-grinding terror, the absolutely still way Sherlock holds his body while still shaking hard enough for his teeth to chatter, as though he's trying to hide himself
"Figure out his kink," she says, almost to herself before she looks at John, and waggles her eyebrows suggestively, before saying, "Fulfill his nastiest, filthiest fantasy in exchange for his attendance to the party."
tender and sweet compliment from Sherlock, who nobody would believe capable of this kind of loving gesture, who
Sherlock. The box isn't his style because it's a passive form of torture. No, Danilo is the one who likes to string Sherlock up and whip him with his belt, the belt buckle biting deep into his back. He's the one who has the depraved imagination, who comes up with ways to dehumanize Sherlock that go beyond a beating or withholding food.
John licks his lips and nods. Sherlock sucks on John's throat and continues to lightly tease John's cock with his fingers as he speaks.
Sherlock's eyes lift to John's face, and John's knees almost buckle with relief at seeing the recognition there, and now the urge to hold Sherlock is even stronger, but he can't, not yet.
The whole thing blows his mind. Nine months ago, he was trying to chat up a woman in a pub. Now he's got Gerald's cock up his arse and it feels more intimate than any sexual encounter in his life. Maybe it's the amount of preparation involved. He can't just push Gerald down and climb on top. No natural lubrication or stretch like with a vagina. You can't blame it on the heat of the moment or the amount of alcohol you drank beforehand. Every action is intentional. You have to make a conscious decision to stretch and slick up your receptive partner's hole.
"First of all, if someone else is involved, it's sex. Second of all, I'm glad you're not in a rush because I like to take my time."
"Let's see how far along you are," John said, holding the sensor against the egg and pushing the button. When John read the readout, he felt his chest tighten and his stomach swoop uncomfortably. "104.2°. Wow," he said in a hushed voice. "You're really close to hatching, aren't you?"
Sherlock's tail unwound from around his body and snaked up John's arm to his shoulder, around the back of his neck, up and over his head. Sherlock petted John's cheek with the tip of his tail while staring up at John with innocence and adoration in his eyes.
- not only observing Gerald but also observing how John himself feels about Gerald. He lets himself imagine kissing Gerald’s full lips, brushing his hair behind his ear, tucking his fingers inside the waist of Gerald’s trousers.
And then, too fast for John to react, the driver pressed a finger to John's head. With growing alarm, John yanked on his arm, trying to wrest it from the driver, but the man's hold was preternaturally strong. He began murmuring words that John could not understand.
"I want to undress you slowly, my lips, and tongue, and teeth working their way from your mouth down to your neck, and then your chest, but no lower, at least not yet. I'll use the time spent undressing you to pour my love for you into every kiss and caress. When you try to hurry things along, I'll slow you down, but when I finally remove our clothes, it won't be love I'm thinking of. Our height difference makes it too unwieldy for me to take you on your hands and knees, but I'll work you open in that position, and then I'll lie down on my back, and watch you pant and grunt and wince at the burn as you work yourself down onto my cock. I'll let you set the pace at first, but then I'll put my feet flat on the bed, grasp one half of your arse in each hand, and thrust myself into you, spreading your arse cheeks so I can get in as deep as possible. You'll come first, and then I'll pull out and roll you back onto your hands and knees, and make you spread yourself open for me, and you will, even though it means your face is smashed uncomfortably into the mattress. When you've got them spread as wide as you can, I'll jack myself while staring at your hole, the rim red and puffy and slightly gaping, aiming my dick so that when I come, I'll paint your hole with my semen. I'll make you keep yourself spread open so I can watch my cum drip from your arsehole to your balls, and then I'll lick it off, balls first before burying my face between your cheeks to make sure I lick you clean."
John's close relationship to his friends makes Sherlock insecure and he can admit to that. But he's only been home four months and for most of that he's barely caught a moment to breathe. Meeting John's cozy little group of friends hasn't been high on the list of things to do. He knows how important it was to John that Sherlock attend this party. Knowing Gerald will be there is even worse—Sherlock won't be able to stop himself from comparing the two of them and tallying up all the ways in which Gerald is better.
Sherlock sat up straighter and smiled at John, opaline eyes shining with affection. "Oh, well, I forgive you. Next time just tell me."
. John asks, "Er, so you, uh, what—want to wear stilettos and your Belstaff while we have sex?" Sherlock shakes his head quickly, still staring at his laptop, and then it hits John. "You want
sleeping with you," John says while cleaning the wound. When Gerald tries to answer, John says, "No talking," very sharply and Gerald's mouth immediately snaps closed.
"No," Sherlock chuckles darkly. "Quite experienced. Would you like to hear all the filthy things I want to do to you?"
John says his name again, just a whisper, but Sherlock shakes his head, slinging tears as he does, crying so hard he feels dehydrated, and staggers away from a stunned John. He flees to the upstairs bedroom. He leaves the overhead light and the lamp on, afraid of the dark, but he closes the door, the first time he's done so since coming home. He crawls under the covers and pulls them over his head, something he hasn't done since childhood. This time the monster he's hiding from is the hollowness in his chest where the hope for John's love used to be.
him—probably still loves him. The only reason Sherlock isn't drowning in insecurity is because Gerald is with one of John's other friends now—Sherlock's forgotten the name—who's supposedly the love of Gerald's life.
All I ask is that you read the medical brief. It was part of the overall debriefing and it also has the doctor's notes from infirmary at the British embassy in Belgrade. I only want you to have all the information, John. My intention is not to gossip about my brother or question your abilities.
He reaches for the top button on Blaine’s shirt. This is the first time he’s been shorter than someone he’s had sex with and it’s disconcerting. Height makes a difference in power differential, something he’s never considered, a shocking oversight on his part. Is height the reason why John has always been so faithful in following him? Does he see Sherlock as having more authority than him? No, that’s ridiculous. John is full of his own quiet authority. On cases, Sherlock has authority because that’s his expertise. Hell, Lestrade is almost the same height as Sherlock and he’s an idiot. A very competent idiot, but an idiot nonetheless.
"Yeah, well, don't hide anything from me. I'll go over the list of medications they prescribed and if I think you should take them, you will. Anything else I think you need to take, I'll prescribe myself."
John smiles around Sherlock's dick, which is stained green through the thin material of the condom, and Sherlock wants to make a zombie joke, but John's tongue is somehow working its way underneath Sherlock's foreskin
Chatsworth shook his head, but his face showed some reserve. "I think these symptoms will resolve themselves once his teeth come in. The fever, the nausea, the listlessness—I think any dragon would experience that if they tried to condense ten days of physical growth into one."
As he's waiting for the kettle to click off, John thinks of Gerald at home alone in his bed and there's a sudden spike of pain in his chest. He misses Gerald, terribly. Most of all, Gerald would be able to advise him on what to do with Sherlock, on how to handle the—whatever it was—that happened between them last night.
John takes him around to meet each person. Rebecca he already knows, so John introduces Rebecca's husband, Jasper. Then he leads Sherlock to the new mothers and Bernie—the dirty little thing that she is—murmurs, "My goodness. You're gorgeous enough to make me wish I was straight," in her posh voice.
"Rebecca suggested I bribe you to go by offering to fulfill your sexual kink. If you had one, that is."
"Well, when you told him about our—wait," Sherlock says slowly, creeping closer to the bed, eyes hooded like they were when he was seeing the things nobody else could. "
"Your commanding officers and the politicians and the pundits like to say that we fight for our country or for the plight of a people or to stop a tyrant. The truth, though, is that, on the ground, you're really fighting for yourself and the men to your right and left. You're fighting to keep them alive, even the ones who drive you mad or piss you off. Even the ones you may have had a bit of a punch or two with. When you go out onto the field of battle, though, you're not one person against these other guys, you're all one unit, all of you together. You fight to live and that sometimes means you kill someone before they kill you."
John puts the box of condoms behind them on the bed, and slides to the floor on his knees. Sherlock's lost more than half of his erection during the past ten minutes, but the sight of John kneeling between his legs is enough to remind his brain where to shunt some blood.
John is an absolute mess by the time his body is flush with Gerald's. He's sweating and desperate to move. Gerald seems cool and unhurried by comparison until he speaks.
Sherlock does a body check and discovers that, yes, actually, he's in a great deal of pain. "Yes," he says and smiles wanly.
." His breath hitches, and he tries to swallow, but can't. Panic almost sets in, as he wills his throat to do its job. Finally, it does, and he drags in a shuddering breath. He points an accusing finger at John, who flinches slightly even though Sherlock is across the room. "And I've spent twenty-four hours thinking that—" Sherlock hauls in a painful lungful of air, "—thinking that you didn't love me after all, and trying to find a reason to go on anyway.
When Blaine’s hands cup Sherlock’s arse, all that pent-up lust comes tumbling out of him, along with a moan. Encouraged, Blaine angles a leg in between Sherlock’s and Sherlock shamelessly grinds his burgeoning erection against Blaine’s thigh. Blaine groans in sympathy and pushes his brawny hands under Sherlock’s shirt. Sherlock hisses as cold fingers plow furrows in his skin from waist almost to shoulder. Blaine’s hands are impeded by Sherlock’s clothes.
"Yeah," he says, letting his grin out, rubbing his hand over his mouth, almost shy about his incessant lustful thoughts, and his pride in the lush arse being discussed, as though it's an accomplishment he achieved with hard work and perseverance. (Though it is, kind of, when he thinks about it. There is no possible reality in which it can be said that having a love affair with Sherlock Holmes is
John groaned. "Sherlock—I'm perfectly happy to cuddle with you, but you can't do it when I'm asleep. If I'd been awake, I would've told you I didn't like your tail holding me down like that, and then we could've cuddled in a way that we
. Gerald's fingers dig into John's arse cheek and then grip his thigh, pulling him closer. One of John's arms circles Gerald's chest from under his body and the other is curved over Gerald's hip so John can wrap his hand around Gerald's dripping prick.
Of course, Gerald is last. Everyone holds their breath as Sherlock stiffens when John introduces them. There is a brief staring contest as they size each other up. Sherlock softens first, puts out his hand. So quietly only John and Gerald can hear, he says, "Thank you for loving him when I couldn't," and John gulps over the lump in his throat.
After a few months, when Lestrade is reinstated, he invites John to go out with people from the Yard to celebrate, including Dimmock. John enjoys being in the company of the detectives. They are a rowdy bunch, eager to affirm life in the midst of all the death they see every day.
Sherlock wants to stand up and walk off, but his body hurts and now his heart does, too. If John hasn't connected the dots yet, he will eventually and then whatever plans Sherlock had for his relationship with John will go out the window.
Grief, Gerald says, is like a broken glass. You can glue the pieces back together and it will still hold water, but a tiny bit will always seep through the cracks.
feel that way is a bit of a consolation, but that's the thing, isn't it? John shouldn't be treated like
John stands in front of the kitchen window, his arms crossed tightly over his chest, his nostrils flaring, and his jaw clenched painfully tight.
him in an intractable way. (Sherlock understands the feeling because he feels the same for John). The minute John thinks Sherlock is too fragile, is the minute John decides that wanting Sherlock is an offense rather than a gift.
"At least let Trudy pack you some breakfast," Mycroft said when Greg made his way back to the head of the table. "It'll only take a few minutes. Actually, I might as well drive into town with you and get some work done as well. So much for our long weekend."
"Breaking up is always awkward when the two of you share the same friends, but you two will get over it. After all, Cyril has finally professed his love, and I'm quite sure he's been keeping Gerald busy. The two of them haven't even been showing their ugly faces they're so busy shagging—"
Sherlock sees the tears that shimmer on the edge of Zivko's lashes. He doesn't want to be here, Sherlock can tell. He always has dark circles under his eyes and his hands tremble slightly.
John turns and looks at him like a disapproving mother, and says, "Well, see, that's why you should've answered his goddamn phone calls."
He's contracted a fungal infection on his skin from living in filth for four and a half weeks. The patches look like bed sores and some of them seep with fluid. They smear anti-fungal cream all over the sores and it burns. They draw vials and vials of blood. If being tortured didn't kill him, Sherlock's beginning to believe the goddamn nurses might. He's too weak and exhausted to complain much, though. Besides, he just wants to lie down between clean white sheets and sleep for about a week and then he wants to go home.
"The truth is that I didn't work right until I met you, and maybe that's not what other people think about when they think of love, but I only work right when I'm with you, even when I want to throw you off a roof myself, and I couldn't possibly in a million years
, but he releases his hold on John instead, who climbs out of Sherlock's lap in a slightly amusing, uncoordinated way in the effort not to hurt him. John sets the blister pack of clonazepam on the desk.
Except then there's a forty-seven year old obese women who comes in with stomach,  shoulder, and back pain, and even though John knows that women's heart attack symptoms aren't as obvious as men's, he's too busy thinking about the fight last night to pay attention.
"I made a huge mistake," John says tremulously, wiping away his own tears. "I can't change what happened. I want you in my life, but I—I never stopped being in love with him," John says quietly. "It didn't matter then—he was dead, so it didn't matter. I love you, Gerald, no matter how much I've hurt you."
"Now look who's the idiot!" John says gleefully. "What do you think it's for? You dip it into the lubricant, pull the injector out to suck up the lube, and then stick it up someone's arse, and dispsense the lube. It feels weird, but it makes it
"You've gone a bit goofy again," Rebecca says, annoyed and a bit petulant. "I thought you'd be the least moony out of the two of you—"
Frustrated at being ignored, John stood up, dumping Sherlock out of his lap. Sherlock fell onto his back with a squawk.
That draws Sherlock up short, and for a moment his face echoes his hesitance, but then he takes three long steps, wraps his fingers around John's precious head, and captures John's bottom lip between his own.
Just like that, John knows what last night was really about. He didn't think his heart could break into any more pieces, but knowing what Sherlock was really trying to tell him just about does him in. Tears flood his eyes.
To the man's utter detriment, he gives John the once over and decides John isn't a threat, even as John is advancing on him.
laugh again, trying not to move his mouth. John has to leave the bathroom for a minute, trying to get himself under control because the more he laughs, the more Gerald laughs. When John walks back into the bathroom Gerald is still sitting on the toilet. His hands are flat on his thighs, his shoulders are back, but his posture is relaxed. It's roughly the equivalent of parade rest, if one was sitting.
His brain suddenly came back online, no longer eager to exit his body. His hearing sharpened and his vision cleared. He had the strange feeling that he'd just been put through a hard reset, like someone had unplugged him, waited five seconds and then plugged him back in. He found himself wanting to apologise to his computer.
"I'm sorry to bother you so early in the morning, but can you watch him for a bit? His teeth are coming in and he's been up all night, miserable. I'm going to run out and get some teething soothers and children's paracetamol."
John closes his eyes and lips, and blindly seeks Sherlock's penis, and Sherlock cries out at the sight of John trying to position his face to catch Sherlock's cum. His body convulses, and the almost violent power of the orgasm tears through his nervous system. He shoots semen onto John's nose and cheek, then chin, throat, and the last sputtering dribbles land on his chest.
He looks around to make sure nobody can see him, and then bends forward and presses his lips against Sherlock's name etched on the marble.
"Good morning," Sherlock says, not wanting to startle John, although the flushing of the toilet should have been enough of an alert that he was up and moving.
Gerald leans close and murmurs, "This is a shame. I was planning to get on my knees and suck your cock when we get home."
John murmurs a wordless agreement, but Sherlock seems to have lost him to his nosing exploration of Sherlock's bare chest. His hands draw open the front of Sherlock's dressing gown and he trails his lips and nose down Sherlock's chest and then to his stomach.
Out on the pavement, John checks the time on his phone. It's only a little after nine. He walks towards the Baker Street station so he can call Gerald without Sherlock watching him out of the front windows of the flat.
But how do they move past it without having to talk it to death? Sex always works to deflect. Especially with John who's about the horniest man Sherlock has ever met. Maybe he should point that out to John. One needs a lot of testosterone to manage that kind of libido. It would sound like he's placating John, though, no matter how true. Maybe sex first, then a discussion of all the qualities Sherlock loves about John, things he considers
John trails off and Sherlock is silent while he turns and fetches a glass of water and pulls a blister pack of dihydrocodeinone out of his kit. He pushes two out through the foil backing and drops them in Sherlock's hand.
Friday night, after he showers and eats, he sits in his chair staring at his phone and wishing Sherlock was here. He wants to text him, but they don't have an international texting plan and Sherlock hates to talk on the phone. John just wants to ask
Besides, this feels like a competition. If he fails, Gerald wins. If he doesn't fail, well...they both win. Orgasms all 'round!
Sherlock pulls his pajama bottoms up as quickly as he can with a sprained wrist and broken elbow then uses the other door to shuffle into the kitchen. He grabs the brief and finds a roll of gauze as well. His heart is pounding, but he feels a surge of victory when he makes it into the loo before John sees. He uses the toilet, folds up another wad of gauze and puts it between his cheeks, then pulls his bottoms up and washes his hands. He hides the folder under the sink behind the plunger and a box of baking soda. The gauze he puts on the top shelf of the linen closet. He would kill for a proper shower.
Sherlock then uses his middle finger, and pushes that in, by itself, all the way until the knuckles of his hand are once pressing against the outside of John's hole, and John says, breathlessly, "Why are you—" and Sherlock rubs a circle on John's lower back, and then John feels Sherlock's wet, open mouth kissing his right cheek, tongue darting out to lick flat over the kiss, and then the pressure when Sherlock's lips lock and he
Blaine Whitney has a legitimate business, a financial or insurance company of some type. Sherlock hasn’t bothered memorizing the details despite Tate’s insistence. It’s much easier maintaining his cover if he doesn’t have to fake
"My question?" John mumbles and then remembers his question and can't disguise his prurient fascination. "Oh, my God,
On his fifth day in Belgrade, a nurse helps Sherlock into a pair of fleece bottoms and long sleeve t-shirt provided by Mycroft then hands him a warm coat (not his beloved Belstaff – that's waiting at home), thick socks and trainers. Sherlock meets Mycroft outside his room and they walk – slowly due to Sherlock's injuries – to a car that takes them to a private airfield where they board a small private jet.
"I want you to do the same to me, fill me up with your semen, paint it all over my skin, and then plug me up, and then I could walk around London with you inside me, and on me, even when you weren't there. We could go to a crime scene, and I would know, and you would know that I'm full of your semen, and I'd take you somewhere private, and I'd be wearing my seven hundred and fifty pound trousers, but I'd still get on my knees in a dirty alley, or in the dirt hidden behind a tree in the park, or on a public bathroom, and you'd fuck my face, while I wore your cum on my body and inside my arse, and when you got close to orgasm, I'd pull off, finish you with my hand, and let you come all over my expensive trousers. I'd ride in a cab with your semen all over me, and when you weren't here, and I wanted to get off, I could stuff my dirty trousers in my mouth while I mastur—"
Sherlock blanches and Olivia holds out her hand for him to shake and says, "Ignore her. We try not to encourage her behavior."
"Well, when you told him about our—wait," Sherlock says slowly, creeping closer to the bed, eyes hooded like they were when he was seeing the things nobody else could. "
, John howling in laughter, his laughter fueling Gerald's laughter fueling John's laughter. John, so full of endorphins that he felt high, had to go stand in the kitchen to stop laughing, and when he came back, he knew he couldn't look Gerald in the eye or they would start up again.
Sherlock hums deep in his chest. For a moment, they're content to kiss and rock their pelvises together, but after a while, it stops being enough and starts feeling uncomfortable.
"If you'd have let me go with you, I would've kept you from it! And if I couldn't keep you from it, you
Eventually, the novelty of Sherlock's presence takes a back stage to Milton. John gets another go to cuddle him, but this time Milton is awake. His dark wet eyes stare up at John in a way that makes John feel a certain rightness with the world. And then Milton bursts out into a potent wail.
over and over again, his body shuddering with a pleasure so extreme it almost feels as though it's happening to someone else. John opens his eyes, and looks up at Sherlock. A drop of cum slips off his chin, and Sherlock stares at his gorgeous
"Oh, they can fucking try," John said, his blood up so badly that his vision was starting to spark and narrow. "I may be short, but I pack a hell of a punch."
Sherlock launches into the attack. He pins Blaine’s arms down at the elbow, presses his forearm against Blaine’s neck, wrapping his other hand around that wrist, and puts all his weight into it.
"No, best stay here for now," Gerald says with a smile and tilts his head towards the window of the first floor. John steps out onto the pavement and sees Sherlock standing at the front window, watching them. He doesn't bother moving away when he sees them looking up and Gerald gives him a friendly little wave and John's heart fractures into a thousand pieces, the pain leaving him gasping.
Yes, I'm still alive. No, nothing was wrong except a really vicious case of writer's block. I wish ao3 had a social area or way for someone to message an author for exactly this reason.
"Oh, for God's sake," Holmes said, both hands on the umbrella handle. He closed his eyes and tilted his head forward for a moment before straightening up. "The egg was delivered to you by mistake, but it belongs to me and I—would you
John looks at Sherlock then at the floor, his jaw working. John has always been so easy to read, and not just for Sherlock. John's face expresses how he feels, even when he thinks he's hiding. Sherlock has dozens and dozens of pictures in his mind palace of what each lift of John's eyebrow or quirk of his lips means.
"Uh, nothing. Never mind. Perfectly well," Sherlock babbles. (Underneath his fear of setting John off is relief so strong he must fight to keep a grin off his face—Gerald is no longer The Boyfriend and Sherlock is that much closer to having John for himself in every way.)
written by a doctor, and he's been meaning to start it. He turns on his tablet, pulls up the book, and takes a bite of his shepherd's pie. But he can't get it out of his head—what would Sherlock Holmes find kinky?
Of course, Gerald is last. Everyone holds their breath as Sherlock stiffens when John introduces them. There is a brief staring contest as they size each other up. Sherlock softens first, puts out his hand. So quietly only John and Gerald can hear, he says, "Thank you for loving him when I couldn't," and John gulps over the lump in his throat.
And even though Sherlock's voice was without malice, John had an ominous feeling. But sleep beckoned and he gave into its call.
After a few weeks of sleeping in Sherlock's bed every night, John decides to move into Sherlock's bedroom permanently. He packs all of Sherlock's clothes away in John's old closet. He changes the sheets and makes the bed. He picks up all of the clutter on the floor and packs it away in boxes.
but doesn't risk dying from thirst either. After a few days, they take him into a courtyard and hose him down and then leave Sherlock there, naked, freezing in the Serbian winter.
After they're cleaned up, John puts on corduroy trousers and a blue button up shirt, looking shabby next to Sherlock's tight, black, fine wool trousers and a crisply pressed blue shirt.
Sherlock has known John is attracted to him almost since the moment John himself figured it out. At the time, Sherlock thought they would have time to explore their relationship but after Moriarty’s trial he and John never slowed down enough to have the chance to even acknowledge the mutual attraction and then--and then Sherlock died and John found someone to replace him.
John gets in a taxi and goes home. He takes his socks and shoes off. The toe of his left shoe has blood on it. He looks at it. He puts the shoe down on the coffee table. He picks it up again and thinks about taking it to the kitchen and cleaning it but he wants to keep Sherlock's blood on his shoe. He's not ready to wipe it off yet. He puts the shoe back down on the coffee table. He doesn't know where the other shoe is but that's okay for now.
John is clearly at a loss for words, which Sherlock finds adorable. He lets him struggle for a moment, but knowing John, he might just get up and walk off to make tea and never speak of it again, so Sherlock steps in to help him before he can run away.
"There's at least three things you just said that I find incredibly insulting," John says breathlessly, his hands only touching Sherlock by the slightest graze of his thumbs against Sherlock's tucked up calves.
"But I'm grateful he killed himself, John," Sherlock says, gritting his teeth against the tears piling up in his throat. "I don't want to be glad, but I am. I would've died there. I'm so relieved to be out of there, but a boy
John won't be going back to sleep. Once he wakes up, he's up for the day, so he quietly pulls clean clothes out of his dresser and wardrobe and then sneaks out of the bedroom. He has things to do this morning, so an early start gives him time to relax before his busy day begins. John showers, keeping as quiet as possible so as not to wake Sherlock. Then he goes into the kitchen and makes himself a cup of tea.
"I don't know—let me ask him," John said. He popped off the bed and poked his head into the kitchen where Sherlock was happily sucking down his food. "Hey, Sherlock! How do you feel about Mycroft paying me while I take care of you?"
. Stop—" Sherlock says, and then waves the hand not holding John in a gesture that implies John should stop being
"How many men have you had sex with?" John asks, and then immediately rushes to apologize for his rudeness.
. Most of the time, John feels like he either has to do what Sherlock says or be cut out of the case. Those are the only two options. Sherlock's way or not at all.
actually had a positive connotation," Sherlock snarls. He glowers at John, but John crosses his arms and refuses to acknowledge him.
to tell Sherlock he's sorry. He doesn't think he can bear another day like yesterday, choking on his clumsy attempts to analyze his reactions to Sherlock's kink.
happy, and no, he wouldn't be pleased about it. He would expect me to spend the rest of my life in widow's weeds grieving his loss. For a man who said he didn't care about romantic entanglements, he was an incredibly possessive and jealous bastard."
"Except for—?" John prompts, turning his finger over a few times to encourage Sherlock to speak. (Even though he really doesn't want him to speak—that's perfectly clear to Sherlock.)
The urge to look at Gerald and see what he's brought into the bedroom with him is overwhelming, but this isn't just about getting off, he realizes. Gerald knows something about John, that same thing that Sherlock knew, right off—John wants to have his boundaries pushed; he wants to test his limits and then go just that bit past them.
"I fail to see the difference," Sherlock says, his tears momentarily on hold while he gears himself up for an argument.
"Don't ever—please," John says, swallowing around the great aching pain in his chest where another crack has appeared in his glued-together heart. "Do not
John makes for the shower while Sherlock's distracted by brotherly staring contest between himself and Mycroft.
Sherlock makes a dismissive sound, but nods in acknowledgement, before sitting down next to John. "You can fuck me on my back. Or I can be on top."
He doesn't know if he's begging Sherlock to stop or to stroke him harder. It's breathtaking and terrifying all at once. Six hours ago, he didn't even know Sherlock was alive and now Sherlock is giving him a handjob. He kisses Sherlock without even knowing he meant to.
, he thought, but it wasn't in that internal voice he recognized as his own. That pulled him out of his daze and he smoothed the note crushed in his right hand out on the edge of the crate, his left hand drifting back to the egg.
But the suggestion that being raped twice has made Sherlock hate or be afraid of sex is laughable. John, though, because he's a doctor and caretaker, would say Sherlock is minimizing it. He would accuse Sherlock of trying to "tough it out" emotionally in the same way he always used to ignore physical pain and needs.
"If this is about last night, I apologize for my outburst. There, now you can leave," Sherlock says without looking at John.
"You'd shower and shave, just like you would if you were going on a date. It's supposed to feel like a
John sighs and hangs up the phone. He reads the text messages from Rebecca a second time, trying to find a way to respond that doesn't invite more questions. He remembers, now, why having Sherlock in his life makes it so hard to have any other meaningful relationships. Even if Sherlock's return wasn't a secret, John is familiar with the slippery slope he's already started down and at the end of it will be bruised feelings, resentment, and shattered friendships.
This weekend I finally decided it was too important to me to give my very best and that meant merging 4 chapters into 2. Much to my dismay, deleting a chapter means deleting everything that goes with it, including reader comments. If your comment was deleted because of it, I just want to say how sorry I am to have done so. I tried to preserve all 4 chapters but it left two few scenes in each chapter, and no logical stopping points.
"Of course I want you to hatch, you silly—uh—lizard? I can't wait to meet you in person. I don't know how we'll make it work, a giant lizard living here with me, but we'll find a way, won't we?"
anyway, Sherlock. In case you've forgotten, you've been tortured and—oh, let's not forget your wounded arse, so, no—I wasn't expecting to be fucking you any time soon."
"He's reaching sexual maturity," was Chatsworth's explanation. "It won't be long now before he can shift to human."
Danilo is the one who sexually assaults Sherlock. Usually, he forces himself into Sherlock's mouth, but eventually he works himself up to anal rape, using spit as lubrication. The first time happens after Sherlock has been deprived of sleep for forty-eight hours and has started hallucinating. Moriarty is everywhere. He sees him stick the gun in his mouth and shoot himself but he doesn't die. He taunts Sherlock –
"How do you plan to keep her out of the flat?" Sherlock scoffs. "She's baking those scones you love. Can't you smell it?"
"I'm not making excuses," John says, mouth tight, staring into his empty glass. He holds it up to the bartender who nods, and fills another. Rebecca doesn't say anything while John looks straight ahead. When the bartender brings his new, John says
"Is this—I don't want us to never speak to each other again, unless—or is that what you want? To never speak to me again?" The thought fills John with panic as he begins to grasp the depth of his
"Oh, yeah?" Sherlock asks, adopting that bored tone of voice he uses for anything regarding his brother.
Mycroft favors each of them with a glare in turn, looking like nothing so much as a stern headmaster lecturing his two favorite, but most troublesome, pupils.
I know, me too. If I can get him settled in today, I might be able to go 'round your flat tomorrow afternoon for a few hours.
"Oh, shut up," she says, and pushes him aside with good-natured roughness as she gets off her stool.
"No, look—Gerald told me you probably want me to wear them because they'll make my legs look bloody fantastic."
Sherlock gives John his dirty sex smile, grabs the bottle of lube out of the sink, and depresses the pump once. He tosses the bottle back in the sink, rubs his hands together like a randy Scrooge, greedy for John's cock instead of money. John's eyelids grow heavy as he watches those long, knobby fingers wrap with perfect form around his blood-hot, blood-hard dick and give—one—long—tight—stroke. John grunts with pleasure, and lets his head fall forward. Sherlock bends his head to meet it, and with sloppy rubbing against each other's faces manage to connect their lips in a kiss, reminding John of an infant rooting blindly over its mother's breast in search of the nipple.
“I’m sorry,” he whispers as Blaine’s struggles become more aggressive. The survival instinct having one last hurrah with a dump of adrenaline. “It’s okay. You’re okay. Shh.”
"Oh, god," John muttered, a rush of nausea momentarily overcoming him. He paused, waiting to see if he was going to vomit again, but it passed. John staggered towards the kitchen, swiping a notepad and pen off the worktop and wrote,
After he gets off the phone with Mycroft, John goes upstairs and sorts through the boxes of Sherlock's things he and Mrs. Hudson kept. He brings out four of the oldest button-down shirts he can find, ones he thinks Sherlock won't mind being stained by the greasy anti-fungal cream. While he's there he grabs the seven pairs of pajama bottoms he finds, as well as several pairs of cashmere socks.
Right as John reaches into his locker in the doctor's lounge to grab his bag and jacket, he gets a text from Sherlock that leaves him staring at his phone, his mouth hanging slightly open in a way Sherlock would have pointed out with blistering disdain if he'd been there.
"Hm," Sherlock says noncommittally, his expression pained. He shifts his eyes to the side and shrugs.
want to go and I like to give you things you want?" Sherlock asks without looking up, fingers flying over the keyboard. He frowns at something he reads. John watches the light of the laptop skittering over Sherlock's face as he navigates through multiple webpages.
to fix it right now. John is willing to take a cock up his arse, but his masculinity cannot handle wearing women's shoes. It just cannot.
“You're exhausted, your body's confused,” John says, blushing furiously and avoiding Sherlock's face. “It'll go away once I start the exams.”
boy. John, put the kettle on and then come downstairs with me. Last night I made some of those currant scones you like so much and you can bring them up here and have them with a cuppa."
"So, should we be worried?" John asked, sitting down next to Sherlock so he could pet him. He could feel the fever through Sherlock's hide.
"I only asked if he had been sexually assaulted and he told me yes and we talked about testing for STIs and that was it."
because you're sure as hell not protecting Sherlock!" John said, jabbing his finger in Holmes's direction. "I'll do everything I can to keep him away from you, do you hear me? Now if you're not going to give me any information, I'll repeat—you can fuck right off."
Sherlock is shaking so hard his teeth are chattering. His heartbeat is thunderous… how can John not hear it? Sherlock rushes to the flat door and locks it, then does the same for the kitchen door. Then he runs back to his chair, but John is nowhere to be found. Sherlock's so pumped full of adrenaline that his toes and face are completely numb.
Rebecca's eavesdropping on their conversation and comes over to say, "You mean the world doesn't begin and end with Milton?" giving her sister a wide-eyed look of mock surprise.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. "No," he says, drawing the word out. "It was a dance studio, and the owner was selling it so I bought it as an investment. Anyway, I would set up the scene at this place and you would meet me there, and then—" Sherlock makes a vague gesture with his hand and shrugs as if he doesn't have to explain to John what happens next.
"John," Sherlock says with an affectionate chuckle. "My skills of observation are as sharp as ever. It's written all over your body and in your eyes."
"Oh, yes, it's very important to replace all the fluids I've lost in the past forty-eight hours," Sherlock says, winking at John, who glares at him while his face, ears, and chest burn in embarrassment (but he also burns deep down low in his belly).
a difference between Gerald and Sherlock, and that difference is most obvious when you compare each of them next to John himself. Gerald, when not in Dom mode, is sweet, and considerate, and thoughtful. And very obviously gay.
"Hey! I'll remind you that when we met, you said if you weren't married, you'd drag me off to bed, that you loved the boys who swung both ways—your words, not mine—because they weren't afraid to fuck rough and hard."
Sherlock lifts an eyebrow, and says, "I'll keep that in mind," and reaches for the drawer in the bedside locker.
The wording confuses John and he opens his mouth to speak, but Gerald clarifies in the next moment when he lies down on his back and rolls on a condom before slicking himself up. John sees immediately what Gerald means. He climbs carelessly on top of Gerald who grunts when John falls onto his gut instead of his thighs.
you were in love with your best friend. Do you know why he did that? Why someone as confident and well-balanced as Gerald would enter into a romantic relationship with a man who was in love with his dead best friend? A man who would always be, even if just a tiny bit, in love with someone else? Would always be just a tiny bit emotionally unavailable?"
Inside the flat, Blaine’s persona changes. He’s a life-long bottom, which is part of the reason an agent had to die to get the information that Blaine is gay - being caught fucking another man might be forgiven by Blaine’s Catholic family and the other (largely Catholic) criminals he works with, but taking it up the arse? Unforgivable. This is the only place Blaine allows himself to completely lose his heterosexual shell and the transformation is almost comical.
For good measure, he added an exclamation point. In a minute, he would get up and tape this to the fridge. Absently, he began doodling on the paper. He sketched a little dragon, keeping his mind blank as he debated whether he should try to keep going or go to bed. He was so tired and wanted to sleep, but he needed to remember more, as much as he could, because he couldn't know how sleep would affect his memories. What if everything was erased for good as he slept? What if he woke up and all he had left were these eight measly lines to go on? He couldn't exactly report a missing dragon to the police.
That draws Sherlock up short, and for a moment his face echoes his hesitance, but then he takes three long steps, wraps his fingers around John's precious head, and captures John's bottom lip between his own.
John shook his head. "No, when he's tired, he crashes wherever he happens to be. He doesn't try to fight it."
There's a pavilion on the grounds and John guides them there, but they go slowly because Gerald's knee hurts when he puts weight on it. Under the pavilion, the benches are laid out like in a church, although there's no altar. John has Gerald sit down with his leg stretched out on the bench. He crouches next to Gerald's leg and pushes Gerald's trouser leg up to see his knee.
He's still only in his bottoms and he has his robe hanging off his bony shoulders. John can't wait until Gerald gets there so he can stuff Sherlock with some calories. Talk about being a British mum.
"Well, you know, you're very attractive and before you left I'd had feelings about you, I thought I did, at any rate, but then you died and I—"
and to the nurse, urgently but quietly, he says, "I think she may be having pre-cardiomyopathy infarction."
At this Sherlock looks up at John, who's looking back at him with hooded eyes and an unreadable expression.
John took out the bottle of liquid pain medicine and drew up a dose into the syringe. He was quite good at guessing weight just by look so he was confident the dosage was correct. And anyway, better to give him too much than not enough or it negated the use of medicine in the first place. He bent over Sherlock. "Open up."
John thought it was probably time to set down some clear rules for Sherlock, now that he had a human skin and could go out into the world. Frankly, the world wasn't ready for Sherlock Holmes.
Has he been crying again? Sherlock sits in his chair and looks at John, who fails to look back. Instead, John is staring at his hands, but even with his eyes lowered, Sherlock can see their hollow look, the smudged bruises beneath them.
necessarily, but he's in hiding. I'd never expected to see him again, and then he showed up. Gerald and I can't tell anyone, we made a sort of nondisclosure agreement, and that's why we've been shifty about it. His location has to remain secret."
John shook his head and then looked up at the ceiling. "Why am I not surprised that you're already wiggling out of your responsibility?"
three times, his eyes slipping shut with pleasure, willing himself not to throw John onto his knees and fuck him. John's tongue licks over Sherlock's Adam's apple, and he gasps.
Chatsworth cocked his eyebrow. "I was ordered to report back to him, but I can assure you my reports will be nothing but glowing, Dr. Watson. I think the way Holmes hatchlings are treated is a bit, hm—unhealthy. Their emotional growth is ignored in favor of intellectual growth and the emphasis on dry academics really isn't necessary. Yes, you should teach him to read and do sums and what not, but dragons are clever and pick things up very quickly. You and Sherlock just keep doing what you're doing and he'll be fine."
"I trust you completely, John," Sherlock answers truthfully. "It's not your trustworthiness in question on this matter."
"Yeah, but he doesn't know you, does he? So, he's just going to be miserable, or worse—be an arse, and
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "All this bother for a cup of tea! John, will you please make me a cup of tea."
For the rest of the day, John is kept busy treating children caught in a fire at their school. He doesn't have time to think about Sherlock, or Gerald, or anything beyond treating each small victim.
They both stare down at the stain and John starts to laugh hard enough that his stomach muscles clench abruptly, his mouth opens wide in pleasure, while Sherlock glares at him and then at John's t-shirt and then at the bottle, as though all three are to blame for the failed attempt at lubricating his hands. John's shoulders are shaking, and his eyes are squeezed shut with laughter. He's still hard, and the laughter prompts his brain to release hormones that turn up the heat of his arousal while also tempering the need to get off, leaving him burning slow and hot. He hears a clatter in the sink, and opens his eyes to see what caused it, but Sherlock grabs him under the thighs and then
"Why, John!" Mycroft said with exaggeratedly wide-eyed indignation. "I did try to take the egg away from you, if you recall."
Sherlock perked up and threw himself off the bed, using his wings to keep from smacking onto the floor, and trotted off to the sitting room. If there was one thing about Sherlock that John could always count on, it was his avid curiosity.
go downstairs, but he's afraid he'll go to John's room, fall into his bed, and weep, so he stays upstairs.
"I'm not sure what you're saying," John says, laughing, when Sherlock pokes him in the ribs. "I mean, it's a lovely speech, truly, I'm just not sure—"
Even before he hears the warm rumble of that voice or sees that head of inky curls, he knows that Sherlock is here. John goes still, so shocked that he can't even shake his head to answer when Jasper nudges him and asks, "Do you know who it is?"
before I learn everything! What if I don't have enough time to learn everything? How do I know which ones are the most important? How do I
"You don't know that," John says, leaning against the wall separating the kitchen from the sitting room. He looks down at his feet and Sherlock waits for him to speak.
"Upstairs," Gerald says, sitting upright and ignoring John's fly, which makes John wish he'd kept his mouth shut.
for it on occasion. He's gone head to head with some very idiotic commanding officers or hospital superiors, and had to make the call without disobeying orders. It's made him a little wily, maybe, but not underhanded. He attacks problems head on, out in the open. He's made stupid mistakes and been reamed by the higher ups, but Sherlock is the only person John's ever met who makes him feel stupid.
That's not so bad! I like the whole thing where you're like "healthy stuff, healthy stuff, healthy stuff. Oh! And chocolate biscuits."
pink!” Cyril protests, trying to punch Sherlock's shoulder while Sherlock laughs and tries to evade the punch.
John frowns at the digital words crawling along the small screen of the pager. "It says fire—primary school—"
Sherlock, and John will point out that, in the moment, he doesn't particularly give a fuck what preposition applies, the man was
The man isn't much taller than John, maybe an inch or two. He's got dark brown hair and pale skin. He reminds John a little of Moriarty and John shudders. He's even got those delicate features that Moriarty had – he's almost pretty.
Sherlock ignores John's words and takes up his assault on John's cock again, bringing him with skilled efficiency towards the edge of orgasm and John whispers Sherlock's name, and Sherlock just murmurs the same thing over and over in John's ear.
John sits there, blinking. He's totally missed something and he has no idea what it is. He goes back over the conversation in his head.
"It was someone I thought I'd never see again. He'd, uh—moved out of the country, and I thought it was permanent, but then he came back unexpectedly."
A half hour later, John carried a limp and disgruntled Sherlock into the bedroom, stepping carefully through the swamp that had gradually grown on his bathroom floor as a result of Sherlock's splashing. John grabbed a towel on his way into the bedroom and put it on the bed where he set Sherlock.
They sleep, in the dark, dreamless, and when Sherlock wakes it's still dark outside. John's partial erection rubs hopefully against Sherlock's arse crack. He can tell John is still asleep by the deep and even brush of his humid breath between Sherlock's shoulders, and his arm thrown loosely over Sherlock's body, but when John's dick slips into Sherlock's sweaty crease, Sherlock's lust blazes into life. He can't help but push back against John, and his hand automatically goes to his own dick, which he strokes from partial to full hardness by levering his wrist a few times. He rocks back against John more forcefully, which finally wakes him up. John's hand tightens on Sherlock's stomach briefly before he rolls away.
you want me to wear the coat and shoes. I mean—okay, look. Tell me exactly how you see it playing out. I want to hear about the things that turn you on. That kind of thing."
In fact, John loves Sherlock with a passion so fierce, it frightens him. Even though his heart is still tender in the wake of his breakup, John
Sherlock's head falls forward onto John's shoulder and then he turns his face into John's neck, his lips pressing against the curve where neck meets shoulder. His arms come up to grasp John who puts his hands on Sherlock's arms, unable to hug back because of the mess of Sherlock's back.
Sherlock cocks his head to the side, as though considering it, and says, "Take your clothes off, and put your hands on the bedframe. If your hands are restrained, and you're not behind or over me, I think I'll be less likely to—" He can't say the words, he just can't, not when John's melting into the bed, and it's the middle of the day, and he's supposed to be at work, and it reminds Sherlock of being at university, fucking in dorm rooms in the afternoon in between lectures, their bodies twisting, snaking through his mind, all that skin, and cocks and cunts, and
"Sherlock-fucking-Holmes," John grits out. "Do not tell me that you gave me the big fucking speech about us not taking things slow, and now you're hesitating."
"That's an unusual name," John said quietly, sleep already creeping up on him. "How'd you come up with that?"
telling them you're attempting to get your sister into rehab and need a week to get her admitted and settled."
"It sounds more like a stage performance than a press conference," John says, automatically having taken notes just like he's always done when they had clients. Sherlock remains suspiciously quiet while they explain it, and every time John glances at him, he can see the tension worsening in Sherlock's body. When he catches Sherlock twisting his hands in his lap, John stands up abruptly, cutting Greg off.
"I want to know how you feel about me," Sherlock says and, even though he knows that John will avoid the truth, he still should give him the opportunity to say it.
Sherlock, away from home for eighteen months, the last month spent being tortured, comes home to find his best friend in a very serious relationship with someone. Sherlock, needing the comfort of home,
," Sherlock says with such painful yearning that John feels it in the back of his teeth, and along the edges of his shoulders, a shivery feeling. "You
“It's fine. I'm sure it'll go away as I examine you," John says, with a slight frown. “Here. Open your mouth. I'll drop the pills in and then hold the glass so you can drink.”
Rebecca, unrepentant, grins and continues. "Speaking of not showing up, you and Sherlock haven't left the flat much, either, have you? With all
John helps Sherlock out of his t-shirt and then puts his dressing gown around his shoulders and helps him stand. John pulls Sherlock's bottoms and pants down at the same time. Sherlock's hands are on John's shoulders. His desire to run his hands through John's hair is so strong that his jaw is clenched with the effort of resisting.
"Don't you want to know what the good news is?" Sherlock asks, widening his eyes in petulant expectation.
then, when John explains himself, she's reluctantly sympathetic. John doesn't take offense, knowing she has an A&E to run and one doctor out for a week means extra work for her, especially on short notice.
He slides Gerald's shirt off his shoulders and drops it behind him. Then he turns to Gerald and gives the exposed skin his full attention. Gerald has thick, black chest hair spread over his pectorals. His upper abdomen is smooth but the dark hair resumes underneath his belly button, trailing down, down, down and disappearing into his trousers. John trails his fingers through it and then lowers his head and drags his nose from the bare skin of Gerald's sternum, through his chest hair, inhaling deeply as he goes. It's intriguing the way Gerald's scent is concentrated in that dark tangle of chest hair. John continues his journey over Gerald's torso, up, up, up to Gerald's neck and then his ear.
"I, well—I begged Mycroft to let me come home and he said I could only if you took responsibility for my treatment."
John finds the appropriate file and puts it on the table. He starts pulling things out. Sherlock's t-shirts and pajama bottoms, he pulls out and lays on the other chair. John handles Sherlock's clothes like they're precious things, carrying them over to the other chair, setting them down and giving them a little pat. Something in Sherlock's chest starts to loosen. Then John takes out the boxes and tubes of medicines prescribed by the doctors at the embassy.
"I read psychology at Oxford. I worked for a while as a therapist. It's what makes me a good Dom – being able to read people and help them realize what they want.
Sherlock whines unattractively, indignant about the loss of John's hardness rubbing inside his crack, but John says in his sleep rough voice, "Sorry," and Sherlock growls in frustration. He rolls over, too, and then mounts John's body, settling his arse right over John's cock. John groans, squeezes his eyes shut, and his hands slide up Sherlock's thighs.
"What am I supposed to do, just wash my hands of him? Stop being his caretaker because he's old enough in dragon time to be treated like an adult?"
"If we both agree, then we schedule an appointment for their first therapy session. During the first appointment, I only spend about fifteen minutes working them over. I have to pay very close attention with new clients. It takes at least five sessions for me to really get a grasp of what they can or can't handle. I use pretty mild instruments. There's nothing hardcore about what I do. I don't break the skin or anything."
John chivvies and nags Sherlock into getting into a more comfortable sleeping position, and foregoes pajamas for the night. They're both exhausted, and it really feels like a stupid thing to be worried about. He slides into his side of the bed, and turns towards Sherlock to find Sherlock staring at him in an almost cartoonishly sappy way. There might be teddy bears with hearts for eyes dancing over his head. He tenderly caresses John's cheek, and murmurs something John thinks might be praise for his oral sex technique, but sounds like
"John." Gerald flails in his attempt to get up without tripping and without spilling his beer and finally manages it, laughing weakly. He's nervous. That makes John feel better because he worried he would be the only one.
"Yes," Sherlock says, and licks his lips. "And the Belstaff. If you're interested, we can—explore things—but I don't want you to give me sexual favors because of—that. I said I would go, so."
When John stood, his hand slipped off the egg and he only then realized he'd been touching the egg almost continuously for the—he glanced at his watch—two hours they'd been talking. So much for not touching the egg.
Stress discomfort—either bound or unbound (ex. holding something heavy on outstretched hand for twenty minutes)
There's silence for a few moments and then John asks about Zivko, his thumb rubbing soothing circles along the inside of Sherlock's forearm. There's a patch of the fungal infection on Sherlock's right thigh and it's itching like mad, a counterpoint to the soothing movement of John's thumb. Sherlock surreptitiously scratches at it with the binding around his wrist. He takes a deep breath and lets it out.
"No, no I didn't understand. How can I understand something that's so completely outside my ken? You said that dragons mate for life and that a dragon knows, but what about hapless humans like me? I don't know anything about this version of Sherlock. He's—"
Sherlock turns his face, his glittering eyes narrowed and fixed on John's. "I'm never wrong," he says.
When he wakes, Mycroft makes him eat again and then he allows the agents back in for another three hours. Despite the fact that Mycroft's mollycoddling drags the process out longer than he wants it to, Sherlock is grateful. Usually, by the end of the three-hour sessions, he's having a hard time answering questions. His body is so exhausted and his mind isn't much better.
"Perhaps you should take Sherlock upstairs and find some clothes that fit him," Mycroft said pointedly.
I had mapped out three chapters between "Resurrection" and "It's All Fine" which I stuck in the "extras" folder when I realized it would be a few more months before I'd want to write anything. The good news is I have discussed an Extras chapter with Jenn, so you may see them if we go through with it!
—poor Violet! Grieving the loss of her baby boy for eighteen months! And you her favorite! It's not right, Sherlock. I don't care what reason you have—"
Has he been crying again? Sherlock sits in his chair and looks at John, who fails to look back. Instead, John is staring at his hands, but even with his eyes lowered, Sherlock can see their hollow look, the smudged bruises beneath them.
Sherlock wakes to an empty bed. The digital clock on the bedside table says it's forty-five minutes after six in the morning. Sherlock strains his ears to listen, but the flat is silent. Surely John hasn't already left for work?
Sherlock hears the water running, then John setting the kettle on the heating coil and then the click as he turns it on. He walks back into the sitting room drying his hands on a dishtowel.
"Do you mean to say that he never once showed interest in you, all those nights you met him at the pub for a pint?"
While he's in the bathroom, John digs through the top drawer, and says, "Ah-ha!" when he finds the red lube launcher, caught behind a small box of tissues. He picks up Gerald's, and tosses it in the loo bin right as Sherlock is drying his hands.
"A lot of what?" John asks absentmindedly, leaning against the counter so he can bend over and take off his socks.
after all. I assume you'll give my apologies to your friends on Saturday. After all, we wouldn't want to expose Milton to a sexual deviant."
Sherlock is struck momentarily dumb, stunned by the way he has been relegated to the same realm as that type of desperate woman who reads articles in ladies' magazines with titles such as
"My Belstaff and red stilettos," Sherlock says suddenly, fast and breathless, his eyes still on the screen of his laptop, his hands frozen above the keys.
John doesn't even hesitate and Gerald's face breaks out into a grin to rival toothpaste ads everywhere. John reaches out for him and Gerald frowns and holds his hands up.
He's normally pretty good at pushing away personal stuff when at work. He needs full concentration to work in an A&E, especially in a hospital as large and busy as The London Royal Hospital. He's distracted, but the ambulance bays are empty for now and there hasn't been an actual emergency yet.
of Freud's writings—the person who we see as our most essential self. A soldier diagnosed with PTSD suffered the same symptoms as Dr. Reed, but unlike those soldiers, his experience hadn't just
And yeah, he and Gerald didn't jump immediately into the kinky things, but it was only a matter of a couple of months. He and Sherlock have been together for four months, and shouldn't he be more comfortable with Sherlock than he'd been with Gerald?
“Mr. and Mrs. So-and-So together with Mr. and Mrs. Other So-and-So are inviting you to a weekend reception to celebrate the marriage of their sons, Gerald and Cyril Glass,” Sherlock reads out loud (with a few changes for brevity’s sake) and then pauses and asks, frowning,  "I thought they were going to have a public ceremony?"
blood and lust sliding into John's mouth. It feels like barking an order at Sherlock to bring him back to the Sherlock shaped space in John's bones where he
John and Gerald pull apart to turn around in curiosity at the ruckus. Their respective partners are taunting each other and trying to land a friendly punch, looking like the world's largest twelve year old boys. John and Gerald grin at each other, and head back to the house.
On the 20th of October, I wrote "Interlude" with Pippin at my feet on his blue rug, and then I posted it. That was the day he died and I haven't written since then. These last two chapters were already written and only required a coat of polish, and thank God for that or I wouldn't have finished this. I would've committed the most heinous crime a fanfic author can committ--the Permanent WIP!
So he does. He sends one text that says all three of those things and then waits. And waits. An hour later, Sherlock still hasn't responded, but he's on a case, John reminds himself. It doesn't stop the flush of anxiety though.
"No," John says, shaking his head. "We didn't share toys—although there were a couple that I had here for him, but I threw those away."
"Okay, look. I've got about a thousand questions. Right now, though, all I care about is—one, that you're home, and two, that you let me look at you."
He examines the gauze. It's wet with sweat and slightly pink with watery discharge. The doctor told him to expect it. Suddenly, Sherlock freezes. He'd forgotten about the medical brief. The last Sherlock saw, it was sitting on the kitchen table and John hadn't yet read it.
"Yeah, but he doesn't know you, does he? So, he's just going to be miserable, or worse—be an arse, and
whether he wants to have sex and who he wants to have sex with. I get that your moral principles won't allow you to have sex with him, but that doesn't mean you have the right to stop him doing it with someone else."
"You know," John says conversationally. "I can't remember the last time I told you that you were wrong. Can you?"
"I—if I could go back to that night," Sherlock says quietly, hating the way his voice cracks and breaks. "I would've done it differently. I was greedy, and desperate, and
John's breath catches painfully, and it's a long, long while before John stops breathing very carefully through his mouth, weeping as silently as he can, improbably joyful for a man with a broken heart.
"It can be titillating," Gerald says. "But I don't get off on it, no. I apply all the same ethics I would if I were still doing traditional therapy. I'm really good at drawing boundaries and being objective. That's just my personality, really. I've always been the one my family and friends come to when they need someone to talk to. I'm not much of a risk taker, really. My unusual profession notwithstanding, of course. "
"It's not my place to tell you anything except what you need to know to be responsible for his physical health. However, as I said this morning, his emotional recovery needs to be put in the hands of a professional, specifically a counselor or therapist."
Sherlock's emotions have been changeable and frustratingly overwhelming since his rescue, part of the fallout of his ordeal in Serbia. This morning, he felt full of confidence; now, not as much. Is it possible he misinterpreted John's feelings? But then why would John have asked for time?
"I don't know about that," Rebecca says defensively, as though he'd questioned her ability instead of his own. "Lifestyles can be adjusted to fit in a child."
It's obvious to Sherlock that they will have to find a way to move past this without actually talking about it. Talking about it would mean John admitting he feels threatened by Sherlock's kink and Sherlock would have to admit that it makes him angry John is still so hung up on being with a
"My priority last night was to look over him and get him settled. He was exhausted and in pain. I'm sure over the next few days and weeks, as he gets stronger, he'll be able to discuss those things. For the moment though, no, I don't think he would benefit from a therapist. Right now I'm going to feed him up, keep his pain and anxiety to a minimum, make sure he gets plenty of sleep and that he feels safe surrounded by the walls of 221B. If I begin to see signs that he needs psychological help, then I'll make that happen."
Sherlock turns his face, his glittering eyes narrowed and fixed on John's. "I'm never wrong," he says.
for you to get hurt and it's certainly not the first assumption you should make. In fact, humans are well equipped to differentiate between a threat and an accidental or collateral injury. It's hardwired into our neurons. So, unless someone has autism or another neurological disorder that prevents them from classifying facial expressions and body language, then blaming other people for their problems just makes them a stubborn arsehole."
"He seems to think you haven't told me everything that happened in Serbia. He mentioned a young guard."
not to waste another chance to tell you because I'd been too much of a coward to tell you before I went away. I was afraid of losing your friendship if I confessed how I felt because you took every opportunity to announce that you weren't gay, and that we weren't a couple. You were so terrified someone might think you liked
Watching Sherlock eat pureed chicken livers was a gruesome experience. He shoved his whole snout inside the bowl and began slurping up the mush. When the plastic bowl slid away from him, he wrapped both front feet around it, holding it in place. It was only a minute or two before he'd licked up every bit.
"That's half my job done, then," Dr. Reed says with a laugh. "Is there anything specific you want to work on during our phone calls?"
Sherlock's wings spread without warning, smacking John in the face, the wing joint talons narrowly missing his face.
he knew the thing. Impatiently, John looked around for something solid to put his paper on, but gave up. With a grunt of irritation, he held the paper against the wall and scrawled:
Sherlock rushes towards John, his arm held out, finger pointing at John like a spear, "You're afraid to trigger a flashback or panic attack—goddammit, John, how many times do I have to explain it? You think that just because some bastard stuck his dick in me while I was held prisoner and tortured for information—"
Sherlock tugs again, and John follows, moving closer, then closer still until they're breathing each other's air, and Sherlock pats his arm.
“Come to bed,” Sherlock says, drawing him back towards the bedroom. “Let’s forget all that for just one more moment.”
Mostly he finds questions on sports websites about whether men can wear women's running shoes or hiking boots.
Sherlock hesitates. The minute he goes home with Blaine, he’s on his own. He can contact Tate via his mobile, but there won’t be any quick rescue if Blaine hurts him, and even though there’s no evidence that Blaine treats his lovers anything but courteously (and bounteously, to go by the price tags on some of his gifts), Sherlock wants to make sure his cock isn’t the one making the decision for him.
Loaded down with clothes, he goes downstairs and dumps everything on top of the kitchen table. He checks in his bedroom and is pleased to see that Sherlock is sleeping, and, then, remembering the medical brief, sneaks in to search through Sherlock's duffel bag but finds nothing but clothes. Maybe it fell on the kitchen floor under the table and John's just been too deep in thought to notice?
: Hey, sorry I've been out of touch. Just getting some things sorted. Don't worry, I'm fine. I promise I'll call you later this week and give you the whole story before anyone else.
"Yes," John says, and tousles Sherlock's sweaty, inky curls, and Sherlock grunts, twisting his head away from John, and says, "You're a menace."
Chatsworth lifted a wry eyebrow. "What did you do when you were a youngster and discovered your cock was good for something beyond peeing?" He laughed at John's glare. "He's not going to haul off and fuck everything that stays still long enough, John—not with that mating bond. Give it a few days and I guarantee you'll start to feel it, too."
"That explains the chair," Sherlock says, the last two words coming out on a groan when John grinds down and squeezes his muscles.
In the dining room, Mycroft sat, already besuited and polished. "Good morning, John," he said, and folded up the newspaper he was reading. "How's Sherlock this morning?"
. John loves a challenge. Still. It's nice for the result of his careful seduction to be so obvious.
The cluttered, casual room makes John feel like he knows Gerald better. It's almost like peeking into Gerald's mind and nosing around a bit. John smiles.
broken. And damaged. And fragile." John walks closer until he's standing right over Sherlock. "Physically and emotionally you are damaged and fragile. That's
He pursed his lips and then shook his head. "Gregory, this is Dr. John Watson. You know Chatsworth. And that, of course, is my baby brother. This is DI Gregory Lestrade of the Metropolitan Police."
He moves closer to John who smiles nervously. Gerald stops right in front of him and puts his wine glass down on the table. He takes John's wine glass, too, which John lets go automatically. Gerald sets that one down, too. Then Gerald slides his hands up John's arms to John's face.
—if you could see your face when you said you'd held Milton—I'm just saying, John, don't write off the opportunity. You're only forty-two—"
Sherlock gives a particularly long and melodramatic noise of irritation, sounding like a cat trying to cough up a furball.
Eventually, the novelty of Sherlock's presence takes a back stage to Milton. John gets another go to cuddle him, but this time Milton is awake. His dark wet eyes stare up at John in a way that makes John feel a certain rightness with the world. And then Milton bursts out into a potent wail.
The party winds down much earlier than most of them are used to. Eventually, it's time for Milton's bottle and bed. Bernie and Olivia are beginning to look a little ragged as well.
"You shouldn't have jerked me into your lap like that, you know," John says. He stops with his hand on the doorknob. "I'll be home right after work. It takes about thirty minutes for me to get home on the tube."
"Everyone, this is Sherlock!" Rebecca says and shivers in excitement. This is why John loves her—she finds joy in nearly everything. A balm for his weathered soul. But then she points herself directly at John with a narrow-eyed gaze so fierce, he flinches back slightly. She stalks over to him, jabs her finger at him and says, "You said he wasn't coming! You sly dog!" and smiles.
"So, last night. Was that your way of telling me?" John asks, swallowing visibly. His face has paled but there are two red spots high on his cheeks and along his ears.
"I could use some of that," John mutters, kicking off his shoes, hanging up his jacket, and dropping his bag on the floor. "I'm off to have a shower"
Chatsworth cleared his throat, catching John's attention. "I'm sorry, Dr. Watson, but just so you know, it's not good form to say that dragons
"Mm," John says, food in his mouth, taking the proffered glass of glittering pale wine. He swallows. "Ta."
"Oh, stop that," John said. Then he laid his hand on Sherlock's back. "C'mere. Come sit in my lap, just like you are now, with your tail wrapped around you so it's not holding me down. Then we can cuddle."
"Congratulations, Sherlock," Olivia says in her dry Scottish way. "You're officially our babysitter from now on."
Gerald nods, his face suddenly crumpled in exhaustion. John can see the dark circles under his eyes, even more visible on him because of his pale skin. His eyes are bloodshot and his lip is swollen from being smashed, scrubbed clean, injected with local anesthetic and then sewn up. John very gently presses a kiss to the corner of Gerald's mouth furthest away from the cut.
John wants to apologize, though for what he's not sure, especially since he and Gerald have ended up with the men they'd longed for before they met each other. Before he can open his mouth, Gerald asks, "Can I hug you?" tentatively, and John hesitates only a couple of seconds before whispering, "Yeah."
"For argument's sake, though—" John says, and Sherlock groans using the entirety of his upper body to highlight his irritation. John's cheeks flush. He hates it when Sherlock responds to him as though he's just so
John sees Sherlock's body on the pavement. He sees the blood. He touches Sherlock's wrist. There's no pulse but if everyone would get out of the way, he can take Sherlock's pulse properly. Maybe Sherlock just has a weak pulse and if he can hold onto his wrist long enough he can  tell them Sherlock is alive. The medics are pushing John away. John kneels outside the circle and watches as they put Sherlock on a stretcher and hurry him away. They go through the door to the morgue. Poor Molly, John thinks.
"Mm," is all Gerald says, but he pulls the vibrator out slowly and then sets it on the sheet. He looks up at John, his brown eyes turned black with lust and says, "I think you would be more comfortable on top."
