He stuffs all his shit into his duffle, writes out an apology to Sam, Bobby, and John (it’s a suicide note, but it doesn’t explain anything), and then he ties a military-grade noose. He finds a chair that isn’t completely destroyed by his earlier rage and begins to tie the rope onto the ceiling fan.
30 minutes later and it just looks like a hunt gone bad, his arm is sewn up and all the motel towels are stained red.
“Hey! ...don't you dare.” Dean laughs as he notices her start side-stepping away from him and closer to the pond.
Damn it. He should’ve known Cas could still do that weird x-ray angel shit. Instead of trying to hide it further, he sighs and motions for Castiel to sit beside him on the couch.
Cas tilts his head in that endearing way he always does, “Not that I recall. Is something from back then troubling you now still?”
That night, Dean dreams of a strange time with strange faces that feel oddly familiar but far away; dreams of a sense of longing and love that he already knows but isn’t sure exactly where or how.
“I know Cas. You did it to save me. You seem to keep doing that, huh? From hell, saying yes to Michael, Billie, from myself…” Dean softly strokes his thumb against Cas’s hand while tear tracks continue to stain his face. “Cas,
“Get to the point Castiel, what is it you need information on heaven for?” Inias said hastily, getting straight to the point. Cas flinched at the barb in Inias’s voice; he knew the anger directed at him is well deserved, but it hurt nonetheless.
He digs through 3 boxes of various cassette tapes from over the years until he finds the one he was looking for.
He finishes the last of the whiskey as the screams of his father’s voice start to fade back into the black void inside his mind. But the moment the last drop of liquor touches his tongue, he breaks. Every punch landed by his father that he took in order to protect Sam comes rushing back. Every harsh word and drunken fight he got into. Every argument with Sam over being too controlling, too much of a soldier.
“Dean Winchester is missing. He escaped from purgatory and has vanished- no trace of him under any aliases, no location from his cell phone, nothing.” Cas’s tone shifted from genuine to panicked. Inias rolled his eyes and looked at Castiel with slight disdain, "
“At the time, I thought you would like to come back whole. A fresh start after what you went through in hell. I know now that life is about the imperfections and that the littlest things have meaning and memories. I’m sorry if I took those from you, Dean.” Cas meets Dean’s eyes with apologetic fondness and sincerity.
“Dean killed you. He stabbed you through the skull, he told me so himself.” Cas mutters in shock. His superior has been dead for 3 years now. How could this be?
Castiel peered past the giant frame in front of him, blue eyes searching for green. Upon finding no other humans in the space, he turned in reply to Sam. “Yes… it appears so. Where’s Dean? Sam,
With each memory of John rushing back into Dean’s mind, he can still feel the physical hits coming. His dad was right. This would never have happened if he hadn’t been more careful. If he had protected Sam like he was told to. If he had been a better son.
Cas wishes he had more information, all he has to go off of is what he was told and what he already knows. “I'm not sure Sam, but we need to figure out the year of when they would have sent Dean.”
For the first time in 40 years, he doesn’t have nightmares. Not of yellow eyes, not of losing Sammy; not of John’s anger, not of hell; the apocalypse, Michael, Chuck, losing Cas… it all feels distant and far behind him now. When Dean wakes again, Cas still has his arms around him, eyes closed, and is running his fingers through Dean’s hair.
He doesn't mean to weep as loudly as he does, but at this moment he couldn’t care less who hears him. His fists come up to his skull, involuntarily hitting himself over and over as his sobs become more forceful. He rips and tears at his hair as a scream punches its way from his chest. He can hear Sam’s large footsteps charging towards his bedroom door and halt just outside. Through gasps of air, he hears Sam start picking the lock to see what's going on with Dean.
Dean grits his teeth as the climax of the song comes. Before, this was just a sad song he could slightly relate to. Now? It’s like every line was crafted for this specific situation. Each verse is a punch to the teeth and he is forced to swallow his molars. He squeezes his eyes shut and lets the feelings bubble up once more as the music crescendos.
Dean clenches his jaw and runs a hand over his mouth, a nervous tic he picked up from John decades ago. “I did something similar back then to what I did in that barn. I gave up.”
“Nothing Cas, just thinking I guess. What took you so long? You burn the popcorn or somethin?” Dean knows he sounds insincere, he knows that Cas knows, too. He doesn't want Cas to worry any more than he already does, though.
“Sammy… He said he loved me.” Dean whispers almost too quietly for anyone to hear. Sam opens his mouth a few times trying to find the right words, but what could he possibly say in a moment like this? What words would do justice to the loss Dean is feeling? That they are both feeling right now.
Castiel lands outside the cabin in Montana once again but doesn’t stop to knock on the door before bursting in. He needs to know where in time Dean is, so he can bring him back home.
Once all stocked up for his trip, he returned to his rented room to pack up his belongings. Heaving his duffle bag over his shoulder, he checked out of the hotel and loaded his things onto Baby’s saddle.
The last lyrics completely forgo cracking open his ribs, this time his heart is plucked from his chest and shredded. His spine collapses in and every nerve in his body is on fire.
Empty beer bottles are thrown and shatter, leaving small splatters of remaining amber liquid dripping onto the floor.
Dean doesn’t look up when he feels the large presence of his younger brother towering over him at the side of his bed. He just keeps breathing in rapidly and rocking back and forth with fistfuls of hair grasped tightly. He jumps slightly as Sam gently lays a hand on his shoulder, trying to get him to relax-
Cas sighs heavily, “Yes Sam, that’s exactly what I’m trying to tell you. As for the possibility of my escape being due to my brothers and sisters, I’m not sure. No angel still alive has that amount of power to my knowledge.” He shifts uncomfortably, remembering the damage and death toll in heaven of his own doing during his stint as “God”.
Dean isn’t sure when he decided this was his only option to stop the deep visceral pain he’s feeling, but it's where he’s at now.
“Cas, did I ever tell you about what I did in 2004 when Sam was off at Stanford and I was hunting by myself?”
“I’m going to find him, Sam. When I do, and we return, we’ll figure out what to do about Zachariah and this plan of theirs.” Cas states as confidently as he can, despite the slight tremor in his voice. Sam and him have a plan though, even if it's a hail mary, makeshift one.
“Shhh, it's alright girl. We can rest here for a bit, I don't want to push you too hard for too long.” he whispers to Baby as he starts brushing out her mane. Baby huffs and swivels her head back to nip at Dean’s hat, taking it gently in her lips, and pulls it off his head, playing with it.
This entire thing reeked of Heaven’s meddling, but Castiel was dumbfounded by how it was even possible with the angel’s current population. He needed to investigate further.
“Sam, tell me everything about Dean and his apparent ‘fetish’ with gunslingers” Cas demands in advance to Sam’s shocked bluster. He sits down impatiently at the table while waiting for Sam to catch up to his sudden appearance.
It takes a moment for Castiel to understand what's happening, but he quickly catches up and kisses Dean back fervently.
Dean stands hurriedly, gritting his teeth and exhausted from sitting on the floor of the dungeon for hours and then driving all the way to and from Minnesota. He runs a hand down his face and breathes out shakily. Once again, the world is ending. And this time, Dean doesn’t know if he will be able to or if he wants to save it.
how you got out of purgatory?” Sam questioned in absolute shock. “Was it the angels? Are… are there any angels left, with the mojo to pull you out like that?” he pushed on, shooting Cas a credulous look.
After an hour of dissociating and staring at the wall, he passes out and sinks into a moment of silent nothingness. No nightmares, not yet.
He gets to the motel room he rented with his duffle slung over his shoulder and stands outside the door with the key in his hand, almost afraid to enter, lest he finds another sick and twisted scene inside. He exhales roughly and shoves the key into the door and strides in.
“FUCK!” he manages to yell out before his lungs and chest start burning again. Tears begin to pinprick at his eyes as he lays motionless (and probably concussed, he didn’t break his fall at all).
Face swollen, Dean is still gasping for air. Not hyperventilating anymore at least. He lifts his head and glances around the spare room he wrecked- not Cas’ but one next door. His knees creak as he stands up, headache a dull throb behind his eyes as blood rushes to his sore joints. He should probably call Sam back now…
“Yeah, I’m pretty sure. If they want some big plan out of this, it’d be smart to pick a date between this year in time and his last trip back.
He thumbs the album vest inside the cassette case fondly. He’s never played this around anyone in the impala, only when he was alone and sure no one would see him. This music isn’t the typical macho rock he usually listened to like Metallica, Led Zeppelin, or Styx. This album is emotional and raw. The first time he listened to it, tears welled up in his eyes and he felt ripped open from the center. One song in particular always sent shivers down his spine and felt like his ribs were being cracked open to allow someone to rip out his heart.
! The end of the gunslinger era but still rough. Dean would thrive in that year; the turn of the century. That must be it, he tells Cas as such.
A father and 2 sons, roughly the same age apart as him and Sam. Both attacked by an extremely vengeful spirit, the father was gutted and the sons were supernaturally manipulated into hanging themselves. Dean walked into their house hoping to save the family after following trails of the case, but he walked into a gruesome scene that left him shaking and holding back from vomiting.
“That’s a likely possibility. Are you sure this will be the correct date? You remember how my powers work with time travel, I'm not as powerful as I was back then, so it will be a large risk.” Cas reminds Sam pointedly- "'
“Cas, it's okay. Really. Sometimes… I don't know, there's some scars I just miss sometimes.” He runs his hand along his forearm, where the self-harm scars would’ve been. “The ones that were here… they gave me a constant reminder of what almost happened. What I almost did.” Dean can feel his face getting warm as he talks about it, eyes watering up but no tears slip down his face.
“You saw your father and Sam in them and it brought up a lot of emotions, that’s understandable.” Cas tries to reassure him but doesn’t quite understand what Dean’s trying to get at.
“Oh, nothing terrible! I know God has bigger plans for those mud-monkeys, so I just decided to give Dean a little realistic taste of one of his bizarre fetishes. He wanted to play wild west gunslinger, so I dropped him off to be one.” Zachariah nonchalantly remarks. “Have fun chasing him, Castiel!” and before Cas could plunge his blade into the chest of his past lieutenant, a
In Dean’s mind, it was a representation of his own torn apart family. He left the home, found the grave of the spirit, and put it to rest with unsteady hands and bleary eyes.
The toilet in that crappy motel room has certainly seen better days, but no matter how much Dean vomits, he stays just as drunk.
“I have heard nothing about the Winchesters on angel radio or in heaven. I am sorry Castiel.” Inias sighed heavily before continuing, “I will make inquiries in heaven on your behalf- not because we are friends, but because a missing Winchester is never a good sign.” With a flutter of wings, Inias was gone.
In a moment of blind anger, he destroys the kitchenette, the TV, and the nightstand. He chucks the empty whiskey bottle at the wall and watches the glass fly everywhere as it shatters.
The past few months since Castiel has been back, they haven’t talked about Cas's confession before being taken by the Empty, and Dean hasn’t said it aloud (even though his mind is screaming those three words every time he looks at Cas). Dean feels Cas touch his hand gently, reverently. A sob violently racks his body as he looks up into blue eyes also filled with tears.
“Uh, well… I mean he always loved those old Clint Eastwood movies and you remember when you sent us back in time to get the colt from Sunrise, Wyoming? He was ecstatic over it, wouldn’t stop saying ‘yeehaw’ and ‘posse magnet’ for weeks after … I mean that was also before we knew what you were doing with Crowley... never mind that. What’s going on?” Sam mumbles his way through to the point, standing up to be more direct.
Dean turned back to Cas, who was rubbing the back of his neck and looking down, trying to hide his reddening cheeks. Left alone, neither of them was sure what to say. Dean knew he wanted to continue this, but he wasn't sure if that would be too much. He would let Cas choose.
The next morning he woke to the vicious vibration of his phone under his pillow. Charlie was calling.
"If there's one thing I've observed of Dean, Cassie, it's that he likes to play like he has everything under control," he had said, "And so I think the most logical way to approach this is to unravel him a little bit. Let him know you can play the game just as well, if not better."
It had been wise of Sam to slip in while everyone was out on lunch, because now they were being stopped every few feet. Sam had been off traveling to coffee farms for quite some time now, and everyone was thrilled to see him and ask about his travels. Ever charismatic, Dean stood back and watched as he hugged his way through a growing mob of old friends, his laugh leaving a smile plastered to Dean's face.
"Okay, awesome. Then Plan B!" With that, Dean grabbed Cas's hand and turned him back the way they came. "I think you'll like this better anyway" he said with a grin.
"Do you trust me to find someone perfect for the job, Dean? Or would you rather I take in date applications? This guy is good. He has the experience, he has the passion, and he is a fresh face with no idea about your personal life. You said it yourself, you have to keep them separate. You’re his boss, you're everyone's boss! Don't let anyone think otherwise. We can deal with your other shit outside the office, okay?"
After the initial shock of the whole thing, Cas's mind began racing. Why was Benny texting Dean? Did this happen often? Hadn't Benny left town?
Weekends in a new town were always hard for Cas. Give him a couple weeks and he was bound to have a few friendly faces and a handful of plans, but for now he was content with relaxing by himself. Especially considering the headache he had woken up with this morning.
the night before had done him dirty. Cas wasn't all that upset about it; the clouds had finally broken into a persistent drizzle, all but forcing him to curl up on the couch with a cup of coffee and a book. After he'd had plenty of water and some Advil, of course.
He sighed, not sure what the next move to make was. He wanted to get to know the guy more, but he also wanted to keep his distance
Another sob escapes Dean’s lips and he feels himself falling, knees giving out as relief crashes over him, pulling Cas down to the ground in the middle of the parking lot as they both cling to each other. He is afraid to let go, afraid to take a step away for fear he would disappear again.
“You okay, Cas?” Dean asks, looking up from where his lips have been brushing against Cas’ navel. What he really means is,
“Sorry, babe,” Dean says, reaching behind Cas’ ass to pull the remote away. Cas giggles, reaching around to swipe his thumb against Dean’s lip, clearing Cas’ spit off it. Cas stares up at Dean, marveling at how lucky he is to be back here with Him. Just as Dean is about to move in to kiss him again, the show playing catches Cas’ attention.
“It's Cas,” he replies, not stopping, not sparing him a glance. He chokes back the memories pressing in around him, does not dare to even glance at the door with April Kelly's name on it. His hands shake at his sides.
Dean is not on a lake. He is in bed, his back stuck to the sheets with sweat and the great stretch of bed between him and the person sleeping next to him. That’s not uncommon. She doesn’t like to be touched while she sleeps. While she’s awake either, for that matter, but they are married, and the married share a bed.
“I’m so sorry, Dean. I tried so hard… She said something to him; I don’t know what. He said he wanted to go.” Dean swallows, all the air stripped from his lungs.
When Dean shows up at his motel room after spending his afternoon with Emma, Cas’ heart speeds to double time. He stands at the window watching as Dean steps out and approaches his door. When he knocks, Cas flings the door open, grins, and locks the door behind him. Cas soon finds himself in the middle of Baby’s front bench, his hand resting against the warm and soft spot between Dean’s thighs. He keeps stealing glances at Dean from the corner of his eyes, and in his peripherals, he would swear that Dean is smiling. Cas knows the feeling.
“I’m sure you do. We all do.” Missouri offers a smile, one that Cas tries to return. A long moment passes. Cas tries to hear Dean between the beats of his heart, but Missouri speaks before he can hear the voice. “So, I take it you’re here about the profile Dean made some odd years ago?” Cas nods. “It’s a bit unorthodox to let couples sign before they’re actually ready to adopt, but Dean was practically family, so I bent the rules a little for you boys. You actually hit the top of the list a few months ago, but I wasn’t sure if you still wanted to adopt since Dean…” Missouri trails off, but Cas knows what she’s trying to say.
“Your window was locked,” Cas calls, freezing Dean. There have been only two times when the window separating his world and Cas’ has been locked. Once, before that first night, the very first one, and now. Dean turns around slowly, his eyes sliding to Cas. Cas looks hurt. He looks like someone set an earthquake on his entire world then burned the rubble just for fun. “Are you mad at me?” Dean sits back in front of Cas, his eyes wide.
“I dug out some Aspirin and well...anyway…I guess it wasn’t enough or maybe it was too many. The next thing I knew, housekeeping was screeching at the top of her lungs and I was lying in a puddle of my own vomit, wondering to myself how I could ever have gotten that low. Sam flew out to see me after that, stayed with me a couple of weeks until I was able to convince him that I was okay, that it was a drunken mistake. It really was, too…It’s not something I’ve even considered since then.”
Cas knew what that small gesture meant for Dean. He knew better than to push, better than to hope for too much. He knew better than to hope for what they used to have. Even so, Cas didn’t mind. Dean was
, and he was stuck. He wouldn’t leave her with his child on the way, so he did the only thing he knew to do. He proposed to her. She got what she wanted, and nine months later, he got the love of his life.
“That’s fine,” Dean says eventually, setting Emma on the floor so she can tell her mother goodbye. Emma runs to Lydia and wraps her skinny arms around Lydia’s legs, but all she gets in response is a couple of pats on the head from Lydia. Dean stands to the side through the exchange, and when Emma runs away, not having noticed the neglect, Dean steps forward and leans in for a kiss.
“Adam went out of town for a conference and Sam’s been driving me crazy so I thought I’d come here and get wasted!” she says, before pulling away. “I’m kidding. I’ve just been missing my little Mary Beary,” she says, stepping around Cas and chasing after Mary who came down the stairs at the sound of Sammy calling for her. She giggles in delight and begins running through the aisles, Jess chasing behind her.
Cas lets out another choked squeak, hands fumbling for purchase against Dean’s back as Dean grinds hard against him, nipping at the spot where Cas’ neck meets his shoulder before soothing over it with his tongue. Soon enough, Cas’ fumbling hands become demanding hands, grabbing Dean’s ass and tugging through his hair.
“I forgot how volatile it is being human,” he says, staring down at the wet marks on his coat sleeve. That sick, churning feeling stumbles through Dean again.
“Fuck,” she mutters under her breath, but her mother is too tuned in to the moans to scold her profanity.
,” Cas admits, and Dean’s face turns scandalized. “I didn’t tell him, I swear!” Cas defends with a big grin. “Gabe has always had a knack for pegging people’s kinks.” Dean huffs, his embarrassment only skin deep. He’s too enamored with having Cas back to worry about anything. “Speaking of pegging, he also gave us a strap-on dildo.”
The years pass quickly. When Mary turns ten, she has outgrown her pink room, insisting that purple was a much more
meant you were already past the first stage, but..." She lets out a breath as though she were extremely disappointed in him, as though Cas gives a damn if she is. "As I can see from our group session today, you aren’t ready for stage two.”
When he releases Jess, Adam shakes Cas’ hand firmly, a small smile on his usually stoic face. Cas only knew Sam through Jess and Dean, but he thinks that Sam would be happy to see her with someone like Adam. Jess smiles at Cas once again before hoisting little Sammy higher onto her hip and walking towards the stairs, leaving Adam and Cas to stand in the threshold.
“Nope,” Dean replies, standing and leaving the room. So yes, Dean avoids Sam, and soon the trial is upon them, pressing down on them all like the weight of summer air, sticky and heavy and omnipresent.
“I promise,” he says, wrapping his pinky around hers. She nods sharply once before clambering down off his hip.
“Thank God!” he cheers, and Dean barely has the malicious energy to throw a pillow at him before he is back into that dopey state.
“I know,” Cas says quietly, his eyes still refusing to meet Dean’s. “It was just the heat of the moment, right?” Cas finally turns to Dean, a small smile resting on his lips, but his eyes look tired, exhausted even.
“Come on, Cas. I paid a pretty penny for the little fuck boy in there. Just humor me and have a little fun. He’s staying with you for the rest of the night.” And Gabe hangs up.
“Where is Naomi Christiansen?” The man asks, his gun aimed at the floor beside the feet of the man at the front desk. The man, eyes wide, points to her office door, swinging the cops’ attention there and to the trio standing there in the hallway. April freezes, and in a blink, she is darting away from the whole scene, slipping out a back door into the blazing sunlight. A couple of cops from the back ranks take off after her, and that is the last Cas sees of any of them. April’s male counterpart, however, is still frozen in place, and soon, he is handcuffed and told that he is under arrest. The rest of the cops filter throughout the building, pulling out victims and abusers alike, taking them all aside for questioning.
until the sweating palms and the frantic lips becomes all that they have. Dean needs Cas in his entirety, every damn blink, breath, and smile.
“Don’t ever doubt it, Dean,” Cas replies, squeezing Dean’s thigh again before turning away, and Dean is glad he looks away. Having Cas here, kissing him, his hand resting mindlessly between his thighs…it makes him feel seventeen again, seventeen and in love and invincible, but Cas saying things like “never doubt it" opens a darkness in Dean that does nothing but remind him that there are ten years between him and Cas, ten years that won’t go away, for better or for worse, and for sure until they talk about it.
“It's fine; I want to go. I need a new book too,” she says and pulls a pair of sun glasses out of her bag and puts them on.
He doesn’t want to watch her leave, but she promises she’ll be back, and he trusts her. He always has. When her tail lights have faded into the distance, Cas realizes that for the first time in nineteen years, he is alone. He could do anything. He could read a book. He could take a bubble bath. He could walk around naked, yanking his chain at every turn for all that anyone else is concerned. He doesn’t though. Instead, he climbs the stairs, slower now because, hell, he’s almost 50.
“Is that why you never liked any of my girlfriends?” Dean asks, turning his head to her curiously. The thought had never occurred to him.
“It’ll be more than fine. It’ll be great!” Dean’s excitement bleeds into Cas, leaving them both grinning like idiots. They grin at each other for a long moment until Cas shakes himself a bit and looks away from Dean.
“I’m sorry,” he keeps saying, squeezing them tighter and tighter. “I’m so sorry. Please forgive me. I don’t want to lose you boys. I’m sorry.” The two boys let their father cry on them, letting those heavy tears take away the weight of every neglect John ever put them through. After a while, Sam and Dean’s shirts are soaked and they can only partly breathe, so John pulls away with a broken laugh. He rubs his hands down his face, before looking to Lilith who had been happily watching the whole affair.
love him. Cas is too good, too kind, and he is too wonderful for Dean. Dean is not good. He is not kind, and he is not worthy. There’s no way Cas can love him. Then Cas adds another finger, and the moment gets sorted away to deal with later.
,” Sam hisses, jerking away before Cas can set a hand on his shoulder. “It’s your fault, you son of a bitch!” Cas reels a bit.
Charlie follows Cas home that afternoon—with his knowledge of course—and from his apartment, Cas tells her. He tells her what happened after she left the clinic, what happened when he got back home. He tells her that ten years went by, that it was her letter that pulled him out of his ass, and when he finishes, her mouth flaps open.
“Dean wanted a Mary,” Cas murmurs, watching her blinks grow slower and slower before closing for good. “So Mary she’ll be,” he finishes, wishing, not for the first time that Dean were here with him.
, Cas,” Dean whimpers. It is all Dean can say, all that he has left in him. He stares into those eyes for a long moment, the same blue eyes that stared at him under that big tree, the same blue eyes that he’s loved since he was five, the same blue eyes that have taken him apart piece by piece, again and again. They are home. They are every good and warm memory, and nothing will change that.
“Come on, Dean,” Sam says with a roll of his eyes, but his cheeks have heated, giving Dean the satisfaction he was seeking. “She’s too good for that.”
It takes no time. Nothing. Not a single heartbeat, not a fraction of a second, and then he is there. He is at that window, peering in with more light in his eyes than he’s seen in years.
“’M sorry,” he says, and though he is, his teeth clack together so much that it’s hard to sound sincere.
Cas,” Dean hisses finally, and Cas obliges, pulling out slowly before beginning a rhythm that gets faster and harder the longer they ride. Eventually, he is slamming into Dean again and again, drawing groans from between his own lips and an endless string of encouragements from between Dean’s. “Fuck yeah,” Dean praises, hands clutching his way down Cas’ back. “Right there…so good, baby…don’t stop,” and so on and so forth into the tiny eternity bouncing back and forth between the two of them. By the time that their orgasm closes in around the pair, they are oblivious to all else.
“Mommy,” he asks, tugging gently at her hair. “What if none of the other kids like me?” His voice is small, his green eyes, wide. Mary smiles softly.
“You want to grab a beer?” Dean asks, flashing him a grin that lights up the whole store. Cas’ heart stutters. His whole being stutters. Dean is looking at him expectantly.
“I was,” Dean says with a shrug. “Then I wanted to watch TV with you.” Cas gives him a grateful smile.
“Dean Winchester to the office, please,” the lady says, and the whole class—dumbassed children that they are—let out a simultaneous chorus of ooooohhh’s that varies in tone. His teacher looks unamused through it all, but she still hands him a hall pass and dismisses him.
“Anything for you,” Dean murmurs, but he’s pretty sure Cas doesn’t hear him. It's probably for the best. “Yo, Garth,” Dean calls after he gets dressed and leaves the room, catching sight of the scrawny boy walking very quickly down the stairs. “Garth, hold up.” Garth pauses, mid-step and turns to look at Dean.
“Holy shit,” Dean laughs, staring at his reflection in the bathroom mirror. “I am so fucking lost on him,” he decides, running a hand down his face as the excitement builds in his chest.
“Please, Gabe. You’ve been living on my couch for weeks,” she says, offering him nothing but the unpitying look on her face. Cas snorts.
“Don't bother,” he bites, in reference to the creeping hand. “I’ve already called the cops.” He pauses to enjoy her look of terror, allowing it to bring triumph to the anger broiling inside of him. “I’m shutting you down.” He is just about to turn on his heels and get the fuck out of that place when her voice screeches at him through the silence. When he turns back, her eyes are crazed, wild.
“Different…” Dean mulls, but it doesn’t matter, and he tells her as much. “It doesn’t matter, Anna. He’s still, Cas.”
“I’m sorry, Bobby,” Dean says meekly, pulling his hand away and kneeling to begin the cleanup of his mess. Bobby pulls him up by his shoulder before he can plunge his hands in.
Cas. It’s not fair to her.” She is trying to make him see just as hard as he’s trying to make her see. They are both desperate in their idea of what’s best for Mary.
They lay there for a while, lazily kissing and holding until Dean decides he must eat. Then they pull on clothes and pad into the kitchen, eating cereal like it is the breakfast of champions and laughing around the mouthfuls they take.
He throws the card away, the sound of it hitting the empty, metal bottom clanging through his chest. After that, he swallows down his hurt and takes his first break of the night.
I’m sorry,” John says, but even from his room, Dean can tell John doesn’t know. Sam continues to tell John everything, be it things about Jessica to his latest victory with his academic team, and when there is nothing left to say, there is a beat of silence, rolling footsteps in the hall, and John’s face in Dean’s door. Dean sees his reflection in the dark window, a smile plastered on his face. Dean doesn’t turn. “And what about you?” John says finally, but Dean does not respond. “What have I missed in your life?” Dean does not respond, simply continues putting away his clothes. “Come on, son. I’m trying here. Tell me what I’ve missed,” and Dean responds.
“Wait,” Dean calls, because they have already messed the scene up. “Please, come back,” he calls again. He stands and tries to follow Cas, but his chains, though plastic, are tethered to the floor. They catch him, and all he is left to do is watch Cas run away. The lights dim around him, and the narrator’s voice comes out, rhythmically spilling some crap about why Frederick fled to cover Cas’ bailing. Dean isn’t listening. He is reliving kissing Cas, wondering at the fact that it felt like the most natural thing in the world to be doing. Dean is trying to catch his eye even though Cas is standing across the stage very pointedly looking anywhere but at Dean.
“What’s wrong, Sammy?” Dean asks, as though the six month old will answer him. He doesn’t need to answer for Dean to know. When Dean shifts his hands, one landing on Sam’s bottom, it comes back immediately soaked. Dean looks around. He’s five. He doesn’t know how to change a diaper, but he doesn’t want to bother his dad. His arms still hurt where John grabbed him, so he learns. He changes Sam’s diaper, but that only slows the crying. If John comes in and hears Sam crying, he’ll probably get mad, maybe at Dean, maybe at Sam, and Dean doesn’t know what to do. He panics.
“Me too, kid,” Dean says honestly. They sit in silence for a long while staring at each other and the walls before the phone rings between them. Dean reaches out for it, Sam mumbling over the ringing.
Cas just hugs Dean tighter to his side and nods at her, silently promising that she will get the full story.
“Dean’s really insecure about himself,” he starts, crossing his legs on her bed and staring up to the ceiling. “He tries to hide it, but I know. He’s especially insecure about his stomach because he’s got this soft,
“Hi, Dean,” Cas says, and it’s enough to shake him loose, unstick him from gaping and choking, and he flinches.
“So,” Sam says finally, clearly uncomfortable with the silence Dean and Lilith were refusing to allow to die. “How did you and Dad meet?” Lilith tears her eyes away from Dean to smile at Sam.
Of course, he does! Cas is everything Dean’s ever wanted! Apple pie life with his best friend, the only person who has ever
drugged and abused your daughter." Everyone is stunned still. No one breathes, moves a muscle. Cas can see Lydia's mouth hanging open, Dean's eyes wide and glossy. Judge Mills continues like she hadn't just stunned a whole courtroom. "That means
“I hate my life,” Dean spits, slamming his fists against the steering wheel again and again, surprising himself with the release that comes with an exterior pain such as a split knuckle. He keeps slamming his fists again and again against the steering wheel, tearing the gashes in his knuckles wider and wider until a man stops his arm.
“Yes, you do,” Dean says finally, speaking louder and louder as though it could drown out the shaking in his voice, the shaking of Cas’ head. “You love me. You’ve always loved me!
Then there’s fifth period. Dean hates fifth period now almost as much as he loved it then. It was the time of day when both he and Cas were free, and there was always the promise of food, the allure of a blow job, and that goddamn laugh to top it all. Dean spent a lifetime of school lunches watching that laugh, even before they were together. Now he sits at their lunch table alone, waiting like a loser for his baby brother to get out of class and join him. He puts his head down.
for our first time. That’s silly and it shouldn’t matter, I know, just as long as it’s you and me, but…I’ve never done this before, any of it. I don’t want to hurt you.” Dean smiles softly.
When he reaches that old house on Sceadan street, he expects to find his mother the same as when he last saw her, chunky, covered in too much make-up, self-righteous grin. Granted, it has been nearly six months since he has last seen her, and Gabe said she had faded quickly. When he opens the front door—didn’t bother knocking—he finds her sitting at the dining table, pictures spread out before her. She looks up when he enters, and Cas looks down to the pictures.
“No,” he replies, and she drops her eyes. They stand in silence for a moment, Charlie fumbling for a way to console him and Cas too trapped by his thoughts to notice.
“Fuck,” Dean hisses, quietly, as not to wake Lydia. This is the third night this week he’s dreamed of Cas. The fact that he can’t even get away from that dick in his dreams—with ten years between them, nonetheless—makes Dean furious. Even so, he rolls away from his warm bed, the knowledge that he won’t be able to sleep again heavy on him as he heads for the kitchen. On his way, he steps over plastic Barbie dolls, picks up the princess costume she traded for her cowboy outfit, and pokes his head into her room.
“Do you see now Castiel?” Metatron leaned as far forward as the chains would allow. “To remove the Mark of Cain, Dean Winchester needs an angel’s love.”
Castiel opened the door of the restaurant for Dean, and gestured for him to go inside. Dean thanked him with a dramatic bow and stepped through the chinese restaurant’s front door.
“The Mark of Cain is a curse of blind hatred. Born of jealousy and violence, there is no love in the Mark.” He paused a moment, taking in a deep breath and letting it out slowly as if he regretted the words he was about to say.
“Cas,” Dean whispers eventually, his lips grazing the shell of Cas’ ear. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry I didn’t say anything—I couldn’t—”
He couldn’t have dreamed that they would spend the next several years coming back together and then falling apart again. Castiel couldn’t have known that Dean would become most important person in his life; and it was impossible to know  at the time, that Castiel was not only leaving his best friend behind that night, but the love of his life as well.
“Well, not at the time,” Dean mumbled. He looked back down at his phone and tried to concentrate on the text messages he received. One was from Sam, checking in on how Dean’s Thanksgiving was going. That’ll be a fun conversation. The second was from an unknown number.
“I know you said you didn't want to talk about this, but damnit Dean. We are out of time here. What just happened, when you attacked me, its going to happen again. You are a strong man, but the Mark of Cain will take you eventually.”
Cas knew Dean wouldn't apologize properly for his outburst, which didn't bother him as much as the outburst itself. It wasn't the first time Dean had gotten violent with Cas but the look on Dean’s face told him that it was unintentional. Dean didn't know what he was doing until it was already done.
Dean struggled to speak. “I-I cant. Cas, Its too...strong.” He closed his eyes forcibly. He could see himself bringing his head forward swiftly, slamming his forehead into Cas’ before sinking his teeth into his neck and driving the knife into his stomach.
“And I was clear with him from the start, you know? I was like, from the first day we met, I told him that I had to have my things...my work and stuff...that I had to- you know, have my stuff set up before I could get into anything.”
Dean placed both his hands on Castiel’s arms and gently moved him to the side so he could close the door.
He stalked down the hallway, through Alex’s doorway, and was immediately dumbfounded by what he saw.
“Before what?” Dean asked, finally feeling confident that his dick was flacid enough to stand. He pushed the pillow off of his lap and swung his legs over the edge of his bed. He rounded the end of the bed to stand closer to Cas, but still with half the room between them.
“Shut up,” she said, but there was no heat behind it. Dean thought maybe things were going to go his way up here.
“What’s wrong?” Castiel repeated. His voice was coated with concern. “You look…something’s wrong. What is it?”
“Well, if the way his eyes are still trained on your ass says anything, I’d say he doesn’t share the ‘just friends’ sentiment.” Anna said, looking behind Castiel.
“That’s not going to work,” Castiel grinned, shaking his head in amused refusal. Dean pulled his lips even further down, furrowing his brow as well, putting on his best puppy dog impression. “Dean,” Castiel groaned, still smiling “Your apartment is an extra twenty minutes to the hospital. I have to be up at four-thirty as it is.”
“Dr. Uriel? No way. He’s by the book, Dean.” She shook her head. “He’s not telling you anything. I’ll take a peek at her chart next time I’m over there if I can.”
Once they were standing in the living room, each of them waiting for the other to break the ice, Castiel was overtaken with the same raw magnetism that drove him to approach Dean for casual sex in an airplane bathroom.
The corner of Dean’s lip quirked up when he looked around at Castiel’s apartment and when his eyes made it back to Castiel, they had little lines around them.
Dean walked through baggage claim quickly after stopping off in the bathroom again to put his pants under the automatic dryer. He got a a few looks, but no one said anything to him about it. By the time he made it to the right carousel, Dean found Mr. TDB waiting by the belt.
“Yeah.” Dean said, confidently. “I got too much going on right now to think about getting in any kind of relationship. Gotta get my ducks in line first.”
When Dean arrived at the station that night, his crew was called out almost immediately. He spent the evening reviving overdose victims and consoling grieving loved ones. His arms were sore by the end of the night. Chest compressions could really take a toll, and when the victim died anyway, his arms seemed to ache even more at the end of the shift.
“When God allowed the mark to be given, he only did so with the express instruction that it could be removed with love.”
All of this, everything that his life turned out to be, Castiel couldn’t of even dreamed it would turn out like this the night he walked away and left Dean by the Brooklyn Bridge.
Five people were ahead of him, the scorned lover from outside was handing his bag over the counter to be checked.
There were countless adjectives that Castiel could tack on to Dean Winchester, but none of them would suffice.
his shift was due to start, Dean bolted to the only bathroom his apartment had, leaving Castiel to throw up in Dean’s kitchen sink.
He pushed away the gory images of Alex’s parents and walked to the door. The ladder was just off to the left, far enough that if he opened the door just enough for him to slip through, it wouldn’t jostle the ladder. Dean thought about calling to Castiel and letting him know what we was about to do, but if Dean was right, he didn’t want to spook the girl.
“Well I’m sorry Dean.” Cas took another step forward, his body so close to Dean’s he could smell the hunters shampoo. “It seems like we have no choice but to confront this. Collette herself said as much.”
Dean cracks a wry chuckle, “y’know, when you pulled me outta hell and into my body again, I was surprised you wiped the slate and got rid of all my scars.” He glances at Castiel, just for a moment, to see his reaction. It's soft but a little confused.
Dean reaches up a hand to swipe across his mouth and feels the wetness there. Tears stain his face as his ribs crack, somehow even further. Letting out a shaky breath, he tries to steady himself. The bunker’s walls are thick but if he starts sobbing again like he did earlier, Sam and Jack are sure to hear him. Dean swallows dryly with an audible click in his throat. His stomach is in knots, he feels nauseous.
Every time he’s lost someone, it's been bad. Drunk passed out on the floor, let Baby be filthy, run into hunts without any concern for his safety, bad…
Dean is atop Baby, galloping along an old wagon trail at a steady pace. He hears bullfrogs bellowing just up the path and decides to let her get a drink at what must be a pond since they've been riding for a few hours now. Upon finding the small mass of water, he climbs off her saddle and removes it, he never liked leaving it on more than was necessary for her sake, those things can be heavy!
Dean was time-traveled to another time period? “Gunslinger”… that's what he said. Sam would know where to start looking in history.
“What do you mean? What exactly happened?” panic bubbles gently in Sam’s stomach as he waits for a response.
“Sammy… I don’t know what to do now.” Dean interjects, hoping to get through this without another breakdown.
Dean, now clean as a whistle, closed the door to his hotel room behind him with a sigh. “What the hell am I gonna be walkin into up there?” He spoke aloud to himself. He was unsure why he decided to pursue this hunt so hastily, he typically spent more time before deciding to take a 3-day trip on an overheard conversation. Scrubbing his hands over his face in his “oh so common” nervous habit, he sunk down into the stiff mattress. Laying down with a hard grunt, within moments he drifts off to sleep.
“Dean! Get yer ass movin and get to slicin!” a gruff creole man yells to him. Dean glances down at the dark obsidian blade in his hands before dodging a blow from the strange creature coming at him. He smoothly decapitates the monster and turns to
“I should go. I have to get Benny’s costume and tell everyone he won’t be there.” Cas ducks back out of Dean’s window without another word.
the first time around. He sees now that it is broken: crumbling brick, smoke-stained windows, and roof, bowed right over the heart of the place.
"So when you began the affair you were having, why didn't you just leave Lydia and be with your partner?" Dean's face clears, and Cas can tell he understands, even if none of the rest of them do.
“I’ll take your word on that,” the man says with an easy laugh, a sound that chimes in Cas’ ears even as it fades from the world. He gets so lost listening to it that he misses his social cue to respond, so silence draws tight around them again. The man before him breaks it after a beat. “So, uh, here’s your cocoa powder.” The man practically shoves the small box into his hands. “And I hope you enjoy your avocado fudge.”
Eventually, he leaves his room, his bed empty and cold. He is prepared to make his coffee, meet Charlie, discuss the play, keep Dean off his mind. Sam, however, butt-hurt about three days of being ignored, barely allows Cas to get through the coffee part of his plan before he is springing from the bathroom, grip tight on the towel wrapped around his waist, eyes wide and hair dripping, obviously having heard Cas in the kitchen and left his shower to confront him.
“Okay,” Cas says, so they do. Dean takes Cas to get burgers, and for a while, they are together like they always have been. They laugh like they have since they were five, and Cas lets Dean help him forget the disaster that was his play. When they are full and satisfied, they walk home together in the dark and part ways at the end of their adjacent driveways. The next morning finds Cas tucked into his bed, his alarm clock screaming in time with his ringing phone. Cas groans and answers, wiping the night from his eyes.
They barely get the door shut before Dean is slipping his shirt over his head and reeling Cas to him, lips parted and seeking. It doesn’t take long for Dean to get Cas’ shirt matching his, that being elsewhere; however, he does take a moment to strip Cas of his shoes, open the door, and slip a sock over the handle, because
“Okay,” Cas whispers softly, kissing Dean again, running his hand over his shoulder and down his side, causing a rash of goosebumps to errupt on Dean's skin. When they break away, Cas slides his hand down and down and down until the pad of his finger is brushing against Dean’s hole. Dean puts his head back and tries not to groan. The heat of Cas’ chest against his disappears as he shifts towards Dean’s pelvis. When he gets there, he presses a soft kiss to Dean’s hipbone, noses his way down the length of Dean’s cock, and licks over Dean’s balls before his tongue is pushing against Dean’s rim.
“Dunno. You look weird, like you have an itch somewhere you can’t scratch.” Sam looks to his own zipper meaningfully, and Dean turns ten shades of red.
“No. It’s a closed adoption. When I leave here with her, we’ll never hear from her birth parents again. All she’ll have is me, me and Dean.”
“Well,” Cas starts, running a hand through his hair, leaving it in further disarray. “The play I spent the better half of my high school career writing and editing and making adequate is about to showcase. The audience is mostly straight, meaning they probably won’t feel it like they should.” Cas lets out a long breath. Dean can feel the tension radiating off him. “I’m not nervous at all.” Dean smiles at his best friend.
“Hey, Dean,” a girl says, and for a moment, he thinks it’s Bela calling to gloat some more about getting him to cheat on Cas. The thought sends a pulse of pain, of unimaginable guilt to his gut, but when he pulls the phone away, the caller ID reads “Anna Milton.” His heart skips a beat, and when he’s ready to answer, his playful banter comes out hard and scratchy.
The months pass. Cas turns the library into a baby safe haven, complete with his pre-Dean room converted into a nursery with mobiles and a crib and pink walls because
“Bye, Ellen,” Sam calls with a wave. She waves back, and the door shuts after the four of them as they make their way to the Impala. Dean drops Lisa off first with a quick kiss and a promise to call later. When they get to Jessica’s house, he hopes he doesn’t have to yell at Sam to get out of the car and walk her to the door, and his baby brother doesn’t disappoint. He sits watching them—yeah, okay, whatever, it’s his baby brother—as they say goodbye; he’s just about to turn away when he catches sight off Jess leaning in and planting one right on his brother’s dweebish cheek. He has to clamp his mouth shut to keep from cheering. When Sam comes back to the car, he is beaming brighter than anything he’s ever seen, and it spreads to Dean, even through all of his performance issues and identity crises.
“I’ve been shoving down thin mints for the past two hours,” he replies, gathering up the wrappers and tossing the handful back at Cas. He grumbles and shakes them off onto the floorboard with the rest of their chip, candy, drink and other assorted snack wrappers. Cas is
It had been decided that Sam would see Him first because Dean is his brother, because Sam has not spent the last ten years with Dean’s broken heart on his conscience. The thought of Dean's broken heart makes Cas cringe, and when Sam takes Cas' car and drives toward Him, Cas feels the need to defend himself to Gabriel.
“Lydia,” he’d said, and she sighed. “Please, I need to see her.” Dean’s voice was almost as sob, and Lydia had sighed again.
Dean trails his hands over them all with a sigh, straightening the ones that need it and the ones that don’t. Then he is in the living room, surrounded by dirty dishes and limp clothes and the stench of stale alcohol. Dean sighs again.
keep the car. It’s got some pretty nasty stains in the backseat anyway. Who knew gay sex could be so messy?” Dean grins at his father, swallowing down John’s disgust and hate-filled glare.
“Here,” Cas says, somehow both thunderously loud and achingly soft in the otherwise stillness of the kitchen.
“So Charlie told me today that Gilda started polishing the play. She said Gilda thinks it will be ready in a week or so, and then we’ll start pitching.” Cas prattles on and on, and Dean’s face gets harder and harder, the farther into the letter he reads, and by the time Cas notices, he is on the last page. “Everything okay, Dean?” Cas asks, turning away from their lunch to look at Dean.
The road back to Bobby’s seems endless, but in no time at all, Dean is back in that rickety, old house with his feet dragging over every step. He can’t remember the last time he felt so low.
, and Cas groans, picking up a pillow and throwing it at Gabe, effectively getting him out of the room. Dean grins when Cas settles back near him.
“He’s changed, Bobby,” Dean says, but who is he to say? He spent an hour with the man at the most. “He’s engaged. He’s stopped drinking…he’s changed.”
“Nah, it just burns a little. Keep going,” Dean says, with a nod. Cas watches him a moment longer before continuing to stretch Dean. He pushes his finger in a little further, twisting and hooking until he brushes across the small mound inside Dean, feeling him gasp beneath him. “Feels good,” Dean murmurs, rolling his head back against the pillows. Cas smiles and brushes a kiss against the inside of Dean’s thigh.
But then, Cas winks at him, and all Dean can do is groan, and put his head back, and try to forget what it is that he’s doing.
“Objection, your honor,” her lawyer says finally. “He’s the man Mr. Winchester was having his affair with. This is…it’s unethical and completely unprofessional.”
Dean feels Cas weakly lift his head, but Dean, even when his extremities refuse to cooperate, refuses even harder to let Cas go.
“I was only gone for a few hours, bug,” he tells her with a grin, hugging her back against him, his arms wrapping back around to his own elbows as he holds her.
Cas loses his nerve right then and there. He had planned to tell Dean to open the card, a soft smile waiting on his face as he read it, and then they were going to ride off into the sunset, happily ever after waiting for them at the horizon.
“Hey, Dean,” Sam says after a long moment of silence, a crease growing between his eyebrows. Dean has been watching Bobby move about in the small diner, talking with the warm-eyed Ellen with a smile on his face.
“Kind of dumb to keep alcohol in the house of a recovering alcoholic, don't you think?" Dean retorts, locking eyes with her before laying down on his bed and staring up at the ceiling.
“You’d think by now I’d feel like I deserved at least a little love,” he mutters finally before shouldering his way out of the truck and heading for the school.
“If you want to label it, sure,” Dean offers, tugging on Cas’ hair slightly because he doesn’t want to talk anymore; he wants to kiss Cas, and he wants Cas to kiss him.
believe that, that knows exactly what kissing Cas means, that knows he isn’t completely straight, that knows his feelings for Cas have never been completely platonic…well, Dean shoves that part deep,
“Are you serious?” Dean asks finally, and John nods. “Oh my god. Thank you, sir. Thank you so much.” Dean pulls his father to him in a tight hug, those keys still clenched in his hands.
It’s not even the thought of this being his end that make his breath catch. It’s the thought that, if this
They eventually talked about things from Dean’s end too. Emma had been asleep between them, her hand pressed into Cas’, Dean’s arm wrapped around them both. They were watching Dr. Sexy, and as Dean grinned, Cas watched him more than the show.
“Okay, here it is. Says you opened a joint profile with someone named…Winchester.” Cas’ heart stops.
just because you loved him.” He closes his eyes to her words, drops her hand, turns away from her. He chews his lip to keep from sobbing, breaking right there in the middle of his childhood home. “I should have baked you a pie the day I walked in on you two together. I should have hugged you, congratulated you on what you had with Dean.” She lets out something between a whimper and a cough, and a sob chases its way out of Cas’ chest. “I’m so sorry, Cassie,” she says, and that is it. He begins sobbing, wailing until his face is being pressed against his mom’s shoulder.
shuts up about her.” Dean frowns, clearly asking what Cas is doing. “And yes, we were sleeping together, but that never once resulted in him neglecting his daughter. If she was there and awake, he was there and awake. It wasn't even a question. To be honest, it's unthinkable to me how anyone who has seen the way he speaks of her, the way he loves her, could ever imagine that he could harm or endanger his daughter in any way. He would
“I said I was okay with it, not that I wanted to hear all about it.” John stops shaking his head, but his eyes stay screwed shut. Then he opens them, and Dean is shocked to find that he really doesn’t look mad. He really looks okay. “Boys,” he says finally, stepping away from Lilith and bringing a hand up to each of his boys’ faces. “I’d like for you to come home.”
“Winchester,” she mimics softly, but Dean can only nod. After another moment of staring at him, she straightens and puts on a fake smile. “Well, Dean Winchester, I have a very important question for you.” Dean swallows nervously, looking up to her with wide eyes. “Do you like pancakes?”
“Mr. and Mrs. Winchester,” she starts, and Lydia clenches her jaw at the title. “Your daughter’s tox-screen and blood work just came back, and there is something very, very interesting on it. Do either of you want to guess what?” She looks expectantly to Dean.
,” she mimics, pegging the throaty growl in his voice before her voice turns back to her own. “Yes? You tell me something happened but you don’t tell me what? Just ‘yes.’?” Cas wills the tears to go away. “Come on, Cas,” she murmurs, leading him into her office and shutting the door behind them. He leans against her desk, eyes downcast and wide. “It’s me you’re talking to. You know you can tell me anything.”
Cas leaves his mom there eventually, packs up his things—street sign included—and makes the long trek back to Seattle where Dean is, where he will not see Dean. Sam calls again on the drive, but Cas doesn't answer. He is probably only calling to offer him a shoulder to cry on, someone to talk to when his undying love for Dean becomes too painful. Cas appreciates the gesture, really, but, he’ll do better to suffer in silence. Cas ignores Gabe’s calls too. They’re probably together anyways, discussing all the ways Cas will need to be babied until his broken heart is healed. Well fuck that, in Cas' opinion.
“Jerk,” Sam replies, a grin on his face before he scoots to the edge and tosses a wink back at Dean.
Second grade flashes before him, third, fourth, and fifth. He sees them all. He was there. He remembers. He sees the laughter. He sees the tears. He sees the pranks and the homework and the birthday parties and the friends that never lasted as long as Dean and Cas did. No one lasted as long as Dean and Cas did, but even they fell apart in the end.
of all times, when he’s nothing but happy?” Cas’ eyes are on the ground. He is reliving all those awful things he said to Dean. He is staring into those devastated green eyes as Dean is told the worst things imaginable by the one person he never thought would hurt him.
The coffee brews slowly, sputtering out life until it is nothing but a low groan. Dean leans against the counter with his eyes shut as he waits. He is trying to think of anything other than his dream, anything other than Him. He struggles.
The rest of dinner is damn near excruciating. Cas no longer has his foot against Dean’s crotch; instead, it is nudging Dean’s sweetly. It makes Dean want to hold Cas’ hand or kiss his forehead or smooth his hair down or some other stupid coupley shit like that, which is dangerous because he’s very likely to do all of those things without ever thinking. Even so, they make it through, and Dean decides that, oh, well since Bobby is here to keep the drunk and the child entertained, he'll just go to Cas’ house. Thus, they make their escape, trying not to run but being too eager to walk.
“No. I’m not seeing anyone. It’s just Gabriel. He’s back at the hotel room waiting for me,” Cas says with a roll of his eyes, unbeknownst that he is sending shock waves through Dean’s body.
“She’s on step ten now, which is the continued assessment of our sexual attractions and admittance to any failures. Do you know how fucked up that is, Cas? They didn’t even recognize that there are orientations in which people experience little to no sexual attraction.” Charlie sighs, looking down to the faded photograph in her hands. Cas glances down to it as well, seeing a smiling Charlie, arm wrapped around a laughing brunette whose waving hair is twisted back from her face with what looks to be a crown of flowers. Charlie sees him looking at the couple and smiles. “This is Gilda,” she says, eyes soft and tender. “
“I love you, too,” Dean tells him, regardless of how stupid he is, staring over at Cas with tears in his eyes. Cas goes stiff and opens his mouth, like he wants to refute it, but Dean knows. He knows it’s not real. He knows he’s not staring at Cas. “I know,” Dean interrupts. “I just…I needed to tell him. At least once.”
, and she can’t.” Dean sighs and stands. “You want a coffee?” he asks, and she nods. He leaves the booth immediately. "Two coffees please. Oh, and could you grab Ellen for me?" he asks the guy behind the counter. He says nothing, instead pours the coffees and disappears into the back to get Ellen. She comes out almost immediately, a grin spread across her lips.
When he comes down a few moments later, now washed and groomed, he sees Ellen swirling around in the kitchen and Jo pestering Sam as they set the table. He takes a breath because that’s what it’s all about, going through the motions, saving face until Cas comes back and jerks him from this limbo where he’s awake but dreaming of anywhere else.
“Come on, Sam,” he says, but when he looks over his shoulder, Sam was already following. “We’ll be back,” Dean promises, but he doesn’t really know. They may get in that car and never go back anywhere, follow the roads until they end then turn around and follow them to the other end, cross the country again and again. Even so, they start by going into town, to Ellen’s. They don’t say a single word along the way.
“Okay, thanks,” Cas says, and Balthazar disappears back into the folds of the curtains. Cas breathes in a deep breath before turning back to Dean. “Break a leg out there.”
“No, no. You’re perfect,” he tells her, taking her hand in his and bringing it to his lips. “I think I’m just too stressed.”
“None of that,” Jess says when she can. Her voice trembles. She squeezes Mary a bit tighter before pulling away and wiping tears off Mary’s cheeks. “He’s asking for you.” Mary draws in a long breath, steeling herself for the reality that awaits her. Jess takes her hand as they approach the inside, fingers threaded together as though together, they could ease the sound of Cas’ rasping, labored breaths.
Also, um...a lot of you saw this coming...it was bound to happen eventually. I know that doesn't get me out of the doghouse with you all, but I'm still sorry. There is a lot of angst up ahead, and for that I also apologize. Have faith that I will fix it, because I swear I will.
“Jess,” he sobs, choking down the tears as much as he can. “I-I was with him. Jess, he was, he was there. He was holding me.” Cas bites down on his fist, sobbing silently, tears rushing down his face. Some detached part of his brain is telling him he shouldn’t be surprised. It’s been weeks since he’s broken down. It’s been long in the making.
Okay, so firstly, in re to their bareback romp, this is a very dumb thing, children. While I don’t want you to stress about Dean or Cas suffering the consequences—because they won’t in this fic—I do want to emphasize the fact that more times than not, there are consequences to having unprotected sex. Please be careful if you choose to partake in sexual activities.  Take precautions, even if you think the other person—yourself too—is clean. I just cannot stress all the ways this could have gone wrong for the boys… Just do yourselves a favor and wrap it up when you aren’t 100% sure.
, Dean." Cas’ voice is low and deadly. Dean flinches at its magnitude. "What you do is filthy. Everything you touch, you ruin. It will take an eternity to wipe your stain off me.”
“I love you too, Cas,” he says, and leans forward to press his lips against Cas’. He sees flashes of cameras going off around them, and he’s sure they are sporting the perfect wedding photo. They are bent in together from the knees to the chest, one of Dean’s arms slung low around Cas’ waist, the other cupping his hand softly out to the side. Their heads are bowed together, Cas’ fingers still scrape against Dean’s skull, and they are kissing, long and slow and sweet, completely uncaring of the rest of the world. That is, until Emma comes running up, tugging on Dean’s pants leg.
“Dean, are you ever gonna talk?” Cas asks finally, swaying his shoulder into Dean's as they break through the line of trees around the creek and their treehouse.
“No, Cas. He said he didn’t want to talk about it,” Dean assures, leaning forward and putting a kiss against Cas’ shoulder.
Usually the man wore a suit jacket and pants over a light colored button down, the usual outfit of a big deal CEO. In the last five days, Cas had not seem him in anything else, actually. Now, however, the usual jacket was missing, his crisp white shirt rolled up to his elbows, the top couple buttons undone. Briefly, Cas wondered if the earlier mishap had flustered the man into not getting fully dressed.
"I had a good time at lunch today, Cas. Thanks for giving me the chance to prove I'm not always an asshole." Cas let out a soft, quick exhale, and Dean smiled, making Cas all too sure that the man was aware of how he said Cas's name, and he liked Cas's reaction. For a fraction of a second, Cas glanced at the smirking lips, then back up to meet Dean's eyes.
After taking the time to digest their giant meal, Dean suggested some sight seeing. At this point, Cas was content to do literally anything Dean suggested, chatting with him about their lives, childhoods, local sights, anything. It nagged at the back of Cas's mind that Dean had yet to bring up Benny, as this thing between them was going on a couple weeks now, but it didn't feel right to ask. Not yet anyway.
"Isn't it incredible," Cas began, not taking his eyes off the setting sun, "that every single day, in every single place, this view is different? I've been so many places and still there are sunsets that just inspire awe.." He trailed off, turning his gaze to Dean and finding the man staring up at him, a soft smile on his lips. Dean watched as Cas's cheeks flushed, and slowly reached out to take his hand.
He couldn't afford to let some stupid little crush get in the way of his business, not again, and so he had avoided the usual end of week drinks the night before.
Mr. Winchester turned back to him then, and let out a laugh of his own, forcing Cas's eyes back to his boss. Cas let out an apprehensive chuckle of his own. This was good, right?
Charlie nudged at Dean's elbow as they lounged together, sharing a plate of fries. Years ago Charlie had started the French Fryday tradition, which had encouraged Dean to start his Friday morning running routine. Maybe it was counter productive, whatever, they had fun.
Dean didn't mean to stare after him as he walked away, and when he turned back to the table all eyes were on him. He opened his mouth to speak when Balthazar cut him off. "Oh, spare us. Go after him." Dean gaped, but a reassuring smile from Charlie reminded him to fuck what everyone else thought and do what he wanted.
"They don’t know what the fuck they're talking about" He spat, the anger in his voice causing Cas to look up at him once more. His eyes narrowed, he looked almost confused.
could be a lot of fun. But then he felt the hair on the back of his neck stand up, that feeling that he was being closely watched, and he spun around to meet a pair of all too familiar eyes. Dean froze, color draining from his face and eyes going wide as Benny glanced around the bar before sliding from his own table to approach Dean.
Grabbing for his phone, he swiped to ignore yet another message from Benny and headed straight for Cas.
When Cas looked up, this time Dean's eyes wouldn't meet his. The man's cheeks were blossoming a deep pink as Cas worked out what was happening.
Cas could feel his face getting hot as his brows furrowed in concern, not sure how to proceed. Dean didn't know Cas knew about Benny, so for him to bring it up would lead to more of a mess. But he couldn't ignore this, could he? He had never made things official with Dean, so maybe that meant Dean was seeing other people. But this wasn't just other people, this was his
Laughing, Dean let out the breath he wasn't aware he had been holding. "Yeah, that happens. But hey just a few hours drive south and you've got sunny beaches in Oregon and California! Weekend trips are pretty common around here, helps clear the cloud cover from your mind."
The room was silent for a moment, save for some quiet slurping, as they enjoyed the afternoon snack. It was Cas who finally broke the silence.
Having been so hyper focused on work since lunch, he had gotten done earlier than usual, and figured he would see if he could leave the couple minutes early. Cas had emailed Dean over a copy of his schedule for tomorrow and an overview of the next week, sent him a reminder to follow up with Sam before the weekend came, and set up the paperwork he would need to look over in the morning. He packed up his things and, with a deep breath, went and knocked on the office door.
There was no way he could deny that Dean Winchester was handsome, and in the afternoon sunlight with a smile on his lips and his green eyes set ablaze, Cas would argue the man was beautiful. Okay, he wouldn't argue it out loud. This was his
"I-" wait, what? So Cas did know who Benny was. Fuck. "How do you know who Benny is?" Dean asked slowly, trying to sift through his memory to a time it might have come up. No, he would remember.
Slowing his hand, Cas considered this. He was, and always had been, a giver. He liked watching his partners fall apart by his doing. But Dean wanted to do that for him, who was he to deny the man.
“Can’t handle an airplane?” Michael replied with a smirk. “I guess I shouldn’t be surprised. Your type has a lot more fears, don’t they?”
“Come with me,” Castiel growled, still holding his brother’s ear in between his fingers. He tugged Gabriel towards Charlie’s bedroom and knew Dean would be right behind him.
“It should probably feel weird that I’m talking to you about him,” Dean said aloud. He looked up to trace the lines of Inias’ name with his eyes. “I mean, you know how great he is. You had him first. You’d probably still have him if…well, you know.” Dean sighed and looked back down at his lap. “It’s just…I don’t want to lose him and it feels like I could if I make the same choice you did. Not death, obviously. You didn’t choose to die, but…you did choose your profession and to Cas, that’s basically the same thing.” Dean’s shoulders slumped after he took in another long breath. “Maybe I should just quit. There are other things I could do. I really liked what I was learning in school, actually. For awhile there I thought I might go into motorsports engineering. I talked to a recruiter once and he made it sound totally badass.” Dean frowned. “A classmate of mine went into defense work. He analyzes IED explosions and designs vehicles to protect soldiers better. That’d be pretty cool, I guess.”
“Well, I mean the difference between then and now is that before you didn’t want to bring it home with you- and now you feel like you absolutely
Gabriel walked over to the woman and plopped down beside her. He kissed her head then raised his hands out towards the man standing at the bookshelf.
“It says a lot about their expectations, though,” Dean said carefully. “I mean, I knew you guys were well off, but geez, Cas. This is another level.”
Dean let out another sigh, sinking his naked body even further into the mattress as he nodded slowly. “And maybe one of those stick things.”
The truth was, Dean meant more to Castiel than any words he could find to describe him or their relationship. He surpassed that.
No more overnight bags. No more forgotten toothbrushes and drives across town. No more nights without Castiel. They would live together, sleep together. Get sick together under the same roof and most likely fight under it too.
“How fast I can what, Dean?” Castiel teased. He used his other hand to knead at Dean’s ass, an action Dean wasn’t sure who got more pleasure out of. After a few minutes, Castiel began inserting the second finger, just as Dean began to grind against Castiel’s cock instead of stroking it. After a few moments of this, his post-orgasm cock was back in its pre-orgasm position.
Dean swallowed. He could feel his face growing hot. “I mean, yeah, but we’re good. This is good. It’s all good.”
“So…” Dean said, suddenly feeling much more protective than defensive. “We goin’ inside at some point or are the two of you just going to stare at each other all weekend.”
“What? No pizza?” Metatron’s scowl brought Castiel back to the room, and to the reason he had come down to the dungeon.
“Where is he?” Dean asks, stepping forward into Jack’s space. He doesn’t know what he’s doing anymore. His body is just a collection of cells and he only has control over half of them. “Where’s Cas?”
Oliver reached his hands out, pulling Castiel’s and Sam’s hands in his. Sam reached for Dean’s and held it limply. Dean stared forward at the mind reader before a jolt of electricity went up his left hand and shot through his body.
Castiel nods and his nose grazes against Dean’s. It’s a goddamn miracle that tiny brush of skin. He nuzzles gently against Castiel’s nose, one hand on his cheek the other around the back of his neck. Castiel is still pressed against him, his hands around Dean’s waist, but then his hands are moving, trailing down his hips past his jacket and then back up to sneak underneath. Then there’s just a T-shirt between Castiel’s hands and the skin of Dean’s back and Dean’s trying to figure out how to get closer. He still has things to say, apologies and promises, but right now he just
He was embarrassed at his actions, but he was also kind of annoyed that Dean was so willing to just jump him like that.
“Not purposefully.” Dean answered, laughing. “You know, kissing a smoker is like kissing an ashtray.”
“Just your basic perfect human existence. You know, fame- fortune- a handsome man on my arm for the fancy events.” Metatron looked down at himself. “If I’m stuck in this vessel then i think I deserve enough money to buy myself a lover.”
Dean’s head snaps up. The Empty. Cas. He’s… Cas isn’t here. Cas should be here. The clawing under his skin becomes a full on burning and Dean is on fire. He feels like he’s going to throw up. Cas should be
“Between the parent’s bedroom and the guest room,” Castiel answered absently. Dean walked out of Alex’s room and down the hallways. “She has a best friend name Kyra.”
“Okay, let me handle this okay?” He looked over to his brother, imploring him to listen. "Oliver is skiddish and may not be willing to help us again. I don't need you going all batshit and scaring him off.”
“In New York. Strike two was that I didn’t play guitar. Strike three was that I was born in the wrong month. What was strike one?”
“I’m a firefighter,” Dean answered. Castiel’s shoulders squared. Despite how much he feared Dean’s job, Castiel was proud of his firefighter boyfriend.
They’re muscular and defined, but not overly so. His thighs are still soft enough to get a good grab, and Dean does just that as he places a teasing kiss to the head of Castiel’s penis.
Gabriel cleared his throat after Claire was done talking about her monkey bar prowess, and the room quieted.
“How about a round of shots for everyone?” Dean said as he backed into the room. A new song began to play, something Castiel recognized. A patient of his played it on repeat during morning rounds yesterday.
Dean felt like he was hit in the gut. The air in his lungs were forced out in a violent push and he found himself struggling to catch his breath. He blinked rapidly and his vision began to blur which confused him until he realized he was shaking his head.
“I’m liking the sound of that,” Dean responded. He reached out for Castiel and wrapped his arms around his waist. “I don’t have any pictures that need hanging, though.”
“Oh, they’re in a row alright.” Dean smiles. “But they didn’t need to be for me to find, love, marriage,
“God Cas. You need some rest buddy.” Dean tried to sound light but he was pretty sure the strain in his voice was noticeable. “Metatron rough you up and take your coat?”
When Dean strolled into the hospital cafeteria, his spirits lifted considerably at just the sight of his red-headed friend. Charlie was hunched over her lunch, spoon hovering very close to her mouth, as she lost herself in the comic book open beside her. He pulled at her ponytail as he passed her to get to the buffet line. Charlie called out, ‘Assault!’, but Dean pretended not to hear her and filled his tray with a cheeseburger, fries, and a small Styrofoam bowl full of something green. He didn’t think he’d eat it, but he figured putting it on his tray was a good step. It was worth a little over the pants action at least.
“Difficult how?” Dean asked. ‘Conservative’ Dean could deal with. Living in Kansas all his life has made Dean pretty good about that, but ‘difficult’ sounded like an entirely different beast.
1) I got pretty pissy about Supernatural for a bit there, and that translated into my lack of desire to write for some of the MOST AMAZING characters to have ever existed.
“Cas, you said that I changed you, but you have to know you changed me too. You turned my life upside down, and yeah, sometimes it wasn’t such a great time, but you showed me what it really meant to be free. You made me want to fight for it too. Watching you become your own man… it inspired me. I’m so freaking
He stared back down at his own phone and pulled open his voicemail. It took him a moment to remember to put in his password, and then another to remember to put the phone back to his ear. When he finally got his shit together, Dean was started by the voice in his ear.
Dean wanted to growl as the annoying little twerp exited the room, but with Alex watching he held it together.
Cas nodded and gave the younger Winchester a smile before turning and heading up the stairs to Dean’s bedroom.
“It’s not that I don’t want to go, Dean. It’s just, it’s the first Christmas Missouri and Alex have together, and maybe we shouldn’t intrude.”
Cas was squeezing Dean’s arms tightly, his fingers getting wrapped in the fabric before moving down to Dean’s hips and grasping at the waist of his pajama pants. Dean could feel himself hard and throbbing, pressing against Cas’ leg and he couldn't help but grind into him as Cas dipped his fingertips below the hem of his pants.
“Are we really dead?” Dean asks. “I mean, if you take us back to our reality, will we go to heaven?”
“Yeah, I figured.” Dean replied, a small smile on his lips. “I have a feeling he thought it was though. Seemed like an asshole.”
Castiel pushed them back towards the mattress and they fell onto it. Dean pulled his shirt off while he straddled Castiel’s lap, then he smiled down at Castiel as he helped him out of his shirt too. When their bare chests came together, Castiel felt like his heart might explode out of his chest. He felt so good, everything felt so
“You say that Cain has revealed the man’s fate already, that he is living Cain’s life in reverse. If that is so, then you should expect for him to kill the enemy first, then the lover, then the brother.”
“I did de-God Chuck, as you said, but it didn’t happen the way you think it did,” Jack tells them carefully. “I did absorb the energy from Michael’s death, but before I could strip him of his powers, Chuck shifted you into a new reality and disappeared.”
“That’s because you set her son up with Hannah,” Dean grumbled, not looking up. His eyes were still on the now soaked dish towels. The firefighter looked more than a little disappointed.
Dean allowed himself to look back down into the angel’s eyes, this time steeling himself not to look away.
“I don’t know,” Jo commented with a click of her tongue. “Home renovation can really break a couple. Paint colors, wood grains, curtains…” She shook her head sadly. “It’s a pretty big deal.”
He heard Castiel return and turned towards him. The doctor looked like he was having a fight with himself, but the lines between his brow told Dean how worried his boyfriend was.
Castiel stared at his twin brother, and it only took Jimmy a second to read the situation correctly.
Dean’s smile grew big again. He picked up one of his French fries and tossed it in Charlie’s direction.
“No, “Castiel interrupted and stopped pacing the room to stand with his hands on his hip. “That’s not—no. Dean, I don’t know how to have this conversation without feeling like a complete asshole, but it seems like I have no choice.” He dropped his arms at his sides in defeat and Dean’s stomach sank. Whatever Castiel was about to tell him, he didn’t think he’d like it.
She sighed and looked back out toward the trees. “I’d rather be on my own than with Bela or some social worker.”
Dean took that as his cue. He raised his cup and smiled. “I am damn grateful to be here with you guys. This year has been a roller-coaster. I nearly died, I fell in love with my best friend who refused to love me back for far too long, and now we’ve bought a house together.” He looked over at Cas and smiled. “It’s been a crazy year, and I’m grateful for every fucking second of it.” He clamped his hand over his mouth the moment he realized Claire was sitting right across from him, and threw an apologetic glance at her parents. They both laughed.
“Where do you want my mouth, Dean?” Castiel whispered between his thighs, his breath hot against him. He kissed along the crease, the side of Castiel’s head brushing against Dean’s erect cock.
“Yep. This is my baby. 1967 Chevrolet Impala. Got her last year from my dad and I’m just about finished with her. Six months ago she was barely drivable, but I made her sexy again.”
Dean stiffened in his seat, his eyes traveling over to Cas slowly, holding the angels gaze for a moment before lowering his lids and shifting his eyes to the table.
However, with Castiel’s naked body pressed against him, Dean found it incredibly hard not to move. Castiel looked up at him with the most awed expression as he stood stark still, and Dean returned the look, just as captivated.
Dean took another quick peek at the couple behind him, and saw that they are no longer making out obnoxiously, but arguing.
The knife he held in his hand shook minutely, but Dean gripped it harder and began to chop. Asparagus, freshly blanched and ready to accompany the rest of the rabbit food he had prepared for dinner that night. They had a deal, he and Cas; Dean would make at least one salad a week and Cas wouldn’t nag him about how many french-fries he stuffed in his face. Tonight, the salad consisted of the newly chopped asparagus, fingerling potatoes, and an assortment of chopped vegetables that Dean had learned was standard salad fare. He made the dressing himself from a recipe he found in one of Cas’ food magazines. It was mustard based and Dean was loathed to admit how much he liked it.
He spotted Mr. Tall, Dark, and Blue up ahead, helping an elderly woman put her carry-on into the overhead bin. With his arms above his head, the man’s blue and white plaid shirt hiked up enough to reveal the extreme contours of his hip bones. There were clear lines that defined the descent to the man’s groin, and Dean found himself licking his lips at the sight.
When he was finished, Dean was able to see more clearly Castiel’s apprehensive stance. His hands were fidgeting and his eyes looked more sad than his smile alluded to.
He is back to staring at Cas' mom, heat in his veins and in his bones. He swallows heavily, eyes falling to his bare feet in shame.
“I don’t know how I went my whole life without him. We were made for each other.” Dean grits his teeth, hand clenching around his fork.
“Please don’t shut me out, Dean,” Cas whispered, reaching out and putting a soft hand against Dean’s knee. Dean looked at the hand, the long, lean fingers he’d worshiped, kissed, held, hated.
“Later, Dean,” he calls, jumping out and running after her. Dean watches him catch her with a small grin to match Jessica’s large one. Dean likes this girl for Sam. Dean also knows that when he gets out of the car, he begins strutting about like a dude who got laid last night, the joke being that no one knows it was Cas instead of Lisa.
“Please,” Bobby snorts. “Let’s call the police. Tell them how Dean got his lip busted, how Sam got his rib broken. Tell them how many drinks you have a week. Tell them how you’ve been rubbing in to them since they could talk that, unless they were little copies of you, they wouldn’t be good enough. Tell them about the scars you’ve put on them, physically, emotionally, and then try and tell them that getting these boys away from you is anything but in their best interests.”
“Thanks, Sammy,” Dean mutters, but the door is soon shut between and a million miles separate them. Dean is all alone.
“Stop fucking around and fuck me already,” Dean moans, so Cas slips another finger in, now prepping him hard and fast before adding another finger, opening him up for Cas’ cock. Dean’s dick rubs against Cas’ every time he pushes back against Cas’ hand, driving them both half crazy. Cas’ fingers in his ass are nice, but Dean needs more, and he needs it now. “I’m good,” he insists, moving away from Cas’ hand. Cas huffs out a laugh, one that Dean promptly steals with his lips. Dean feels Cas’ fingers slip from him, but he keeps swirling his tongue against Cas’, keeps running his hands over his torso as he feels Cas spread lube around his hole. He only stops when he hears the crinkle of a condom wrapper.
“Thanks. Ellen make this?” Dean asks around the food, and Sam nods. “‘S good,” Dean says through his mouthful of pie. They sit in silence through the remainder of his pie, then they load up and head to school, Sam continuously palming a small gift that had been painstakingly wrapped. “That for me?” Dean asks teasingly, but the glance Sam cuts him tells him that it is not the time to be teasing.
(Just as a footnote, I don't know if this really needs to be said, but the opinions expressed in this fic, part two and three as well, are not, in any way, size, shape, or form, my opinions. I am not a homophobic asshole. I just wanted to make that clear so no one gets offended personally or thinks something John or Ms. Milton says is a sentiment I that I share because I don't.)
“For what?” he had asked, an anxiety growing in his chest with the fear that Cas was about to pack it all up again, that Cas was about to leave again.
he thinks viciously, lifting his shirt violently off the ground and pulling it on. Lisa pouts for a moment before resuming getting dressed and crawling back up front to go get Sam. When they get back to Ellen’s, they find the lovebirds still curled into that little booth, talking like they haven’t known each other since preschool.
“Uncle Sammy! I’m changing!” she says, scandalized in her childlike way, and Sam huffs a small laugh.
“I’m glad you found a woman to love. You deserve a nice girl.” Cas offers Dean a smile and begins to turn away.
is little Sammy Winchester?” Cas nods, and Gabe’s eyes flick back to Sam. “My, how you’ve changed.” Gabe winks at Sam, and again, the man turns a dark red, this time crossing his arms over his chest defensively.
“You have another daddy instead,” Cas tells her softly. He sees those green eyes. Mary pushes herself up, tiny hands still resting against his neck.
“Cas, turn the car around. Come home.” Cas can practically feel the roll of Gabe’s eyes. Cas’ mouth sets in defiance; his foot heavies on the pedal.
“I just wanted you to go to a movie with me,” he huffs, reaching up and running a hand through his shaggy hair.
“Uh, you wanna sit?” Sam asks shakily, but Jessica just smiles and nods, taking a seat on the end of Dean’s bench, leaving room for Sam between them. He takes his seat dutifully and silence falls around them. Dean can practically feel Sam panicking.
ripped Dean’s heart out.” Sam says, and Cas flinches away from the words, finally closing his eyes against Sam’s accusing stare.
“Dean,” Cas says gently, still leaning forward on his elbows and staring at Dean. He’s so close that Dean can’t help it when his eyes flash down to Cas’ lips. “I don’t want you to feel weird about it. We’re two consenting adults who just kissed. If you want to do more than that, fine, great. You’re hot as hell, and I won’t say I haven’t thought about it. But if you don’t, we
“That’s not a very nice thing to say to your best friend,” Cas mutters, pulling Dean’s eyes open with the hurt tone in his voice.
“Bills, bills, winning a new car, bills, newspapers,” he says, tossing them to the table as he ticks them off. Cas snorts and turns back around, sliding the noodles into a sieve now that they are tender. Dean keeps looking through the mail, and when there is only one letter left, he stops, staring at it for a moment before opening it, brows furrowed. Cas begins to prattle about work as he cleans and chops some vegetables.
“Do you want to know what you missed, Dad? You missed my sixth birthday. You were passed out in your truck somewhere. I spent all afternoon at the school because you promised to pick me up, and by the time I realized you weren’t coming, the buses had already left. You missed my second grade science fair. That was the first time I ever put effort into a project, and when you didn’t care, I decided I wouldn’t either. You missed my fifth grade dance. You said you would pick my date up and take us but you were too busy at the bar. You missed me deciding to stop trusting you with things.
“This doesn’t excuse you,” Dean murmured, his lips on the corner of Cas’ mouth, and Cas, eyes still squeezed closed, freed his hand from Dean’s and threw his arm around Dean’s neck, drawing him close to him. Cas pressed his face into Dean’s shoulder, eyes squeezed shut.
“Because I want to be with him,” he says, and it feels like a weight has been lifted off his chest. He wants to
“Dean,” Cas moans, one hand unraveling from Dean’s hair to fly down to his ass, bringing their hips grinding together against the delicious friction. “Dean, I want you so fucking bad,” Cas whimpers, bringing his hips up to meet the push of Dean’s.
He just gets to lie there with his cold, runny nose pressed against the collar of Cas’ shirt and love, and be loved, and it’s more than he ever dared to hope for.
so I’ll raise her as such. I’ll tell her that she has a mother and a father that couldn’t keep her. I’ll tell her that she has two fathers who wanted her more than anything. I’ll tell her that one of those fathers died. I’ll tell her the truth. She deserves that, especially if I’m all she’s getting.”
Gabriel, to this day, doesn’t know what tore the inseparable pair apart. He knows that they were sleeping together by the time he left that last time for school, and when he came home, Cas had started going by Castiel and refused to speak about Dean at all. His very name was a taboo for everyone, even Anna refused to talk about it, refused to talk to Cas, always saying bitterly and angrily that Gabe could ask
“Cool,” he croons, stepping closer and leaning to see them all. The tank has at least a dozen fish in it, all of varying colors and patterns.
So when Dean came out of his office around 12:30, Cas was trying to convince himself this was just like a business meeting and less like a casual lunch outing. They stood shoulder to shoulder in the elevator, both fidgeting in the silence.
He chalked it up to Benny knowing Dean's true feelings and using him for a good time, but Dean never gave in. Not yet anyway. Every
"Cas, his name was. Didn't say much, but he looks like a good bit of fun. And I think Big D will like the new scenery as well." comes Balthazar's voice, followed by a few chuckles. Gabriel raises both brows now, chancing a quick look at Dean before stepping out of the elevator.
And so, that is where Dean had found himself this particular weekend, knowing full well he could be having a good time, but locking himself in his apartment with some beer and a couple movies instead. Occasionally he pulled out his phone, stared at the text from Tuesday, and toyed with the idea of answering before tossing it to the other side of the couch. Scrubbing a hand over his face, he let his head fall back onto the couch and forced his mind to go over this past work week. There was all the new research Sam had sent him that he needed to go over, the end of quarter sales reports as well as starting planning for this year’s holiday launch. That was months away as it was only the end of June, but planning always started early to allow for as many ideas as possible. Then there was the whole matter of his recent attitude change and how it was effecting the office atmosphere.
Dean was fantasizing about marketing and merchandising when his phone finally rang, and he nearly jumped to grab it off the dock.
"Did I do something? Was that too much the other day? I can't stop thinking about you and I don't know why" Dean's words came tumbling out, and Cas felt himself falter.
Dean squeezed his eyes shut, savoring the feeling of Cas's light covering of stubble raking across his skin. Cas's lips were gentle at first, kissing and softly sucking their way down below Dean's collar. He started his journey back up to Dean's jaw, nibbling the soft flesh. This time, Dean's hands found their way to Cas's hips, pulling them together tightly.
Just Cas, and Charlie, and their devastatingly handsome boss that Cas was definitely not developing a tiny crush on. Man, once the guy dropped the dick attitude, he was just a normal, likeable guy.
Cas's rumbling voice reached his ears, and the confidence he had faltered. He was afraid to meet the guys eyes, afraid he would devour him right here in front of his whole office staff. So instead, he cleared his throat to signal his arrival and raised his beer at everyone to say hello.
Dean had given Cas his usual greeting, and Cas found himself unable to speak as Dean's voice brought back a flood of Friday night memories. He had smiled briefly, then distracted himself in checking Dean's schedule and writing out some emails. That, however, was about the last 'normal' interaction they had for the rest of the day. Cas couldn't ignore the frequency with which Dean was out and about, roaming the office. He was chatting with people at their desks, using the floor bathroom rather than his private one, and making far too many trips to the brewing counter. More than once, Cas caught Dean staring at him, and finally decided to make a move.
Dean jumped, turning toward the voice, his eyes catching the sunlight, a twinkling candy apple green. "Oh, uh, hey man. I didn't realize you were still here." He reached up to rub the back of his neck. "Not taking a lunch today?"
There’s a small smile on Sam’s face, Eileen looking much the same beside him when Dean finally pulls away enough to look at them. The pair shuffle into the car, giving Cas and Dean another moment now that they’ve had time to determine this is real.
With a grumble he hauled himself off the couch and headed to the fridge for another beer, trying to determine whose face he wanted to mindlessly watch for the next couple hours. He was leaning towards anyone with blue eyes.
They relaxed on the couch until their food arrived, Dean- to Cas's disappointment- pulling on a threadbare t-shirt to get the door. Dean dragged Cas off the couch and into the kitchen to eat at the counter, the pair sharing casual conversation until they were too full to speak. The storm continued with an unforgiving ferocity outside, but Dean made no moves to suggest Cas head home. Instead, he suggested a movie.
Cas changed into his boxer briefs in the bathroom before going to Dean's bedroom. It was odd, coming into a bedroom for the first time to actually
Convinced he could handle this, he took another deep breath and headed back inside. Returning Cas's surprised expression with a suggestive smirk, he jumped right back into the conversation. This time, he made it his goal to make Cas blush with just a look, and so far he was succeeding. More than once, they locked eyes, the conversation continuing around them as their staring contest seeped tension into the air. Eventually, Cas excused himself to go to the bathroom.
Anyway, time for thanks and stuff! Really, the main people I'd like to thank are you guys. You kept me going, and I can assure you that this fic would not have been finished if it hadn't been for the unending stream of love and support, even if it was in the form of comments telling me how much you hate me;) But in all honesty, I want to thank you endlessly, really and truly, from the bottom of my heart<3 So thank you. This has been a wild ride for all of us, and I hate to see it end, but I mean, at least Dean and Cas are happy now!
“What’s the matter? Did something happen?” she asks, and Cas closes his eyes, determined not to cry again.
close to taking this man’s daughter away from him based on the testimony of a four-year-old and her manipulative mother. But for now, I’d like to hear what Mr. Milton has to say about his opinions of Dean Winchester.” Lydia and her lawyer wear matching faces of shock and horror. Cas begins anyway.
“Thank you, Jess,” he murmurs, and he means more than just for coming to the hospital with him. It is in this moment that he realizes that, while he spent the last six years thinking he had no one, she was here all along, supporting him, holding him up without him ever realizing it.
his—, he opts to stop for an ice-cream breakfast, Lydia be damned. Emma giggles and laughs and makes a mess because she is notorious for that kind of thing, and Dean loves her for it. He cleans her up in the family bathroom and takes her to daycare with a tummy full of pure sugar. He wishes her teacher good luck before making himself leave her there.
“Thank God,” someone calls from behind the kitchen as Cas drops his bags. Anna appears a moment later, copper hair tied back in a messy knot, red wine filling a glass in her hand. “I thought I was gonna be stuck with your hellhound for eternity.” She grins at him before setting down her glass and wrapping him in a hug.
“Mommy,” Emma says, running around the corner and into sight. Some kind of choked noise pushes up through Dean, and from where he hides from his daughter's gaze behind the island, he sees Lydia’s shock wear off for anger. She scoops Emma up and turns on her heels, slamming the door behind her.
Jess had tried to talk him out of it. She’d said a child is hard enough with two parents. She’d said a child needs constant attention. She’d said a child is not a fix-all solution. Cas had shaken his head because that was not what this baby would be. This baby would be loved. This baby would be wanted. He’d told her that aside from Dean himself, the only other thing he’d ever wanted more was a child. Jess had known she would lose, so she’d taken her failure in stride and backed off. Cas had left the next morning for the nearest adoption agency, and now, he waits.
“Yes. I’ve had a change of heart,” he says, smiling earnestly back at her.  “I want to be better. I’m willing to do whatever it takes to get better.” He smiles to her, Charlie’s warning about stage seven lying forgotten in the part of his mind that he has roped off, the part of his mind that still, and will always, love Dean.
“Gabe,” Cas groans, his head in his hands. He has been listening to Gabriel bitch for the past half hour. “I will get you some fucking coffee on the road. Can we
“Okay,” Dean says, and finishes kicking off his shoes before crawling into the bed beside Cas. The two children lie there looking at one another for a long while before one or the other’s blinking grows slow and sleepy.
” she says, and before Dean knows it, she is in her car and driving away, taking with her the love of his life crying in the backseat, screaming for her daddy. Dean runs after her when he realizes what the fuck just happened, but she is too fast, and soon, Emma is gone.
He doesn’t see Cas that night. Instead, he has sex with Lisa and pretends he doesn’t mind that she isn’t Cas. He doesn’t see Cas the next morning. Instead, he accepts a blow job from Lisa and barely holds back Cas’ name as he comes. It’s lunch when he finally sees Cas again, and lucky for him, Meg is close behind. Cas is smiling.
The sun is cutting through the trees, lighting the world and the snow with the hues of the sun. Dean sits on a park bench, admittedly freezing his ass off. Even so, he won’t complain. Sam is out there rolling around with Jess, laughing like Dean hasn’t seen in weeks, and some part of him hurts at the sight. If he’d just paid a little more attention to Sam, watched how his smile never met his eyes, pulled his head out of his ass, he might have seen that Sam is hurting. Be that as it may, he hadn’t. He had been too busy moping about Cas to notice his little brother slipping into depression, and it hurts.
“I get to see Sam and John happy while I never have to see you,” she says quickly, a smile on her lips. “You’re very problematic, see?”
“Is that how you got these bruises?” Judge Mills asks, handing the pictures to Emma so she can see. Emma’s lip begins to quiver, just like it always does when she’s about to lie. Judge Mills probably thinks she is being forced to relive traumatic experiences.
“Yeah?” He asks, and the weight Cas has been carrying around for the past three days slips away in the light of His voice. Cas smiles a bit.
“Dad, when he said Mom would be disappointed…She wouldn’t be. She would be proud of you. She would be glad you found someone who makes you happy.” Sam offers Dean a smile, one that Dean tries to return around the tears that
He’s got a laundry list a mile long filled with the ways he’s hurt Cas, and never once did it stop pressing into his gut like a steel knife, even when he was actively making the list longer. He’d just…he’d always thought there would be more time to make it right, once things were settled.
Then Bobby decides he’s had enough and guides the boys into his old, beaten-down, and rusty truck. They all cram in on the front bench, and it feels good. Dean revels in the feeling the whole drive to Bobby’s, trying to forget that his relationship with Cas is hanging precariously in the balance, that he was just kicked out of his home, that he's got basically nothing. For now, all he can process is that his baby brother is pressed safe against his side, and the miles are passing easily beneath their wheels. They are almost to Bobby’s house when they turn suddenly off the highway into Ellen’s, Bobby muttering about needing enough food to feed a litter. The little diner Bobby parks in front of has seen many nights of Sam and Dean avoiding drunk John, many mornings of Dean and Cas sneaking off, many afternoons of Sam and Jess studying and laughing. Bobby gets out, leaving them alone for the first time in days and staring at the front of that diner. They don’t know what to do with the silence, so for minutes that seem to stretch into hours, it suffocates them.
“No, I understand. You don’t know how many times I’ve watched you being a dork in public.” Cas pushes Dean's face away playfully, a grin on his face. “And when I watch you,” Dean continues seriously. “It takes
“This is…” Cas rubs at his eyebrows to hide his hands shaking and heart slamming against his ribcage. “This is crazy.” He props up on his elbows to look at Dean, Dean, whose lips are swollen by Cas’ demanding kiss, Dean, whose hands rest on Cas’ hips waiting for permission to go farther, Dean, who Cas has loved since he was six. “Keep going,” he says finally, dropping back against his pillow with a rush of air from his lips. Dean smiles softly, presses a kiss to just below Cas’ belly button, and slides Cas’ boxers down and down until they are tossed to the floor and Dean’s lips are pressing to Cas’ bare hip.
“Why hello, Mr. Winchester,” he greets, leaning forward and pressing a kiss to Dean’s lips before falling in step with the music. They spin in silence, swallowing it down and reveling in the fact that they are married, inseparable…finally happy.
He meets Sam at his door after school, and from the look on Dean’s face, Sam can tell immediately that something is wrong. He tells Jess happy birthday one last time, kisses her on the cheek, and dismisses her to stare down his brother.
“God, I love that kid. It scares me how much,” he says, and Sam nods understandingly. Nothing needs to be said. Sam knows how Dean feels about his daughter, what he’d give to make sure she’s safe. “So you’re coming back tomorrow?”
get jail time. Court dismissed.” She picks up the gavel and bangs it, startling them all and snapping them into the reality that
“Dean, will you please just talk to him?” Sam asks, leaning around Jess to look at Dean. Dean snaps his head up, a glare already set in place.
“I wish you could, baby girl,” he tells her with a sigh. “Your other dad is in Heaven,” he tells her, and her tiny lip quivers.
“Jess,” he says, eyes cutting down to Mary. “I love this little girl. I’ve known her for all of two hours, and already I’d give anything for her. Just because I didn’t conceive her doesn’t mean I don’t love her. Family doesn’t end with blood. You of all people should know that.”
“Those who took the time to know him, though,” she continues softly, her amused grin slipping into a bittersweet curve of the lips. “They saw he was loving and loyal and humble. You saw all the good in him, didn’t you, son?” Cas nods slowly, his eyes falling to his wringing hands. If he stops their motion, they will tremble.
“Shut up,” she says, but presses a return kiss against his cheek. He blushes just as profusely as Jess had, if not more, and she uses the distraction to smash a snowball into his face and run away. Dean smiles watching them. He misses Cas watching them.
“No,” Dean wails, and the phones fly back out. “Please don’t call,” he begs, hysterical tears falling down his face. “Please don’t.” The phones slide hesitantly back into pockets, their eye brows pulled low over their eyes.
Dean’s sure his breath smells like whiskey. He kisses Cas anyway, presses into his mouth until he sighs his lips open, and when their tongues meet, it’s all he can do to keep his every thought from scattering in the wind. He pulls away with a gasp, an ache in his chest from so long breathing in the cold and from going so long without this love he’s craved all his life.
“Christ, Cas,” Dean growls, burying a hand in Cas’ hair and pressing down onto his fingers. Cas sighs against Dean’s thigh, partially because Dean wouldn’t say he loved him and partially because Dean is gloriously hot around his fingers. He brushes against Dean’s prostate once again, stretching him wide before kissing his way back up to Dean’s mouth.
“Is this alright?” Cas whispers, pulling away to kiss at Dean’s jaw. Dean shows his assent by bringing his hips up to meet Cas’, earning himself a groan against his mouth. Dean brings his hips up again, holding tight to Cas’ waist, barely able to think through Cas grinding down on him. “Fuck,” Cas growls, nipping at Dean’s neck and soothing over the mark with his tongue. Dean lays Cas back against the bed, cherishing the moment of wild, virginal excitement Cas shows before Dean is smashing his lips back against Cas', hands pulling insistently at his shirt until eventually, it winds up on the floor with Dean’s following close behind. They both gasp at the heat of the other against their skin.
not the one making Cas smile to look around him. Lisa is nowhere to be seen, Jess is holding tight to Sam’s hand, and Sam is looking at him concernedly.
“Dean,” Sam says finally, and the careful deceit and calm Dean filled his world with crashes to the ground with the sound of Sam's voice. Reality is not calm and easy. Reality is being alone in a world that hates you... "I will be the first to admit that Dad is an ass, the first to admit that he’s a sorry bastard who doesn’t deserve any goodness. I’m the first to admit we don't get along and the first to admit me and dad butt heads
Over the next week, he flies through the next two steps, confessing to his sins and a change of heart. He gets on his knees for someone other than Dean, folds his hands before him, and confesses to his every sin, to loving Dean. He confesses to the sex and the gentleness of it all, confesses to how much he loved loving Dean, and kneeling there in that make-shift chapel in the middle of that God-forsaken clinic, something in Cas snaps. He thinks of his every moment with Dean, the sloppy kisses and the boisterous laughter, the soft words and the rough touches. He thinks of Dean with those smiling green eyes and freckles that outline the world; he thinks that maybe Naomi was right. Maybe all that there ever was between them was lust and desire. Maybe he never loved Dean at all.
Charlie is staring straight at him, a smile on her face, clearly expecting him to come to her register.
“We’ll talk about this later, Charlie,” Naomi grits out, but Charlie only sits back in her seat, smug smile on her lips.
Dean’s movements are jerky when he goes for the angel blade, uncoordinated, but Cas doesn’t flinch. Not even when Dean rests the tip as close to his throat as close as he dares.
“I don’t, Dean!” Cas shouts, his voice echoing off his empty walls. “I don’t love you! I never did! I should have never let you touch me the way you did! You sodomized me,
“Thanks, Dad,” he says finally, and this time, his voice shakes. John smiles at Dean, and Dean can’t help but think this time, it looks a bit more genuine.
He takes a shower, takes his dog for a walk, and takes the long way to work, all the while trying to shake the ghost of Dean Winchester.
“Cas, you can’t have someone arrested just because you think they’re a sociopath. They still have to do something illegal.”
it reads on the front, doing nothing to ease Cas’ confusion. He flips it over, brows furrowed together as he reads.
“We do,” he agrees, watching as she continues her trajectory, pours him a cup, pours in a shot. “We were best friends from kindergarten to senior year.” She passes him the coffee, and he takes a long drink, feeling the burn of the heat and the burn of the liquor.  “He kissed me in some stupid play we were in, and we were inseparable after that. I loved him more than I’ve ever loved anything...but I hurt him. I hurt him really bad, and we spent ten years pretending we didn’t need the other. When we finally saw each other again…well, you witnessed that, can imagine all the sex after.” The girl snorts, and Cas smiles, wishing he hadn’t said it. Saying it means remembering, means reliving the joy and consequently, the heartache.
Needing Dean is not a new feeling for Cas. Cas has always needed him, and Dean has always needed Cas. Dean needed Cas at six, crying under that tree because he thought there was no one left in the world who could love him. Cas needed Dean at seven, having gotten glasses and bullies for his trouble. He needed Dean to sit by him on the playground and remind him that not everyone is mean and cruel. Dean needed Cas at eight, the week Sammy got pneumonia and stayed in the hospital for five days with lips the color of Dean's favorite light blue crayon. Cas needed Dean at nine, ten, twelve, seventeen, day one, day two, day three, so on into infinity, and Dean has reciprocated every single moment of his need. He has always been there, whether Cas needed him to help hang fliers for the GSA or to kiss away the shit day he'd been having...
and worth the fight. He even manages to sing a little on the way, tell Charlie that he’ll be to their meeting in an hour, and when he gets to Dean’s house, he finds Dean sitting on the front steps, arms curled around knees and a cigarette in hand. He does not look up when Cas parks, gets out of the car, and approaches him. Even so, Cas approaches and sits next to him. Cas wraps an arm around Dean’s waist and tugs him close, pushing the coffee he bought him into his hand.
When he finally gets to take her home, he cradles him to her and points to her every room, every new face. He shows her the sculpture, the one that brought him back to Dean, and she is fascinated by the lifelike clay before her.
