Sam winced, suddenly feeling all the eyes of his lunch table watching him. “He’s not very happy with me right now. I’ll probably just make it worse.”
When the interviews were completed and Castiel had read Dean and Sam Winchester’s files, he went to Sick Bay. The officers were in the throes of an intense surgery and his services were not immediately required. He let them be. Seraphim did not feel disappointment; it was merely frustrating to remain hypothesizing about the victim’s condition and history rather than forming his own observations.
Of course, even if calling him “Cas” might deceive a human, Klingons were apparently able to sense the presence of a Seraph at a mere glance, so…
“Dean,” Sam hissed. He grabbed Dean’s arm, probably thinking they were about to die. As Dean stared into the Hellhound’s soulless eyes, he couldn’t say he felt differently.
stare Castiel dead in the face while it was happening, like the visual connection was as integral to the mind-reading as the physical contact.
“It’s an exaggeration,” Dean yelled. Or rather, sighed. He could only afford enough energy to half-ass his complaining.
Dean moved a hand to rest on his weapon as they followed Rufus. “Sam, I’m keeping you out of the Rack if it’s the last thing I do.”
“Who cares,” Ruby dismissed. Okay, weird. She was grinning: also weird. “No, you two… you’re the ones from Gehenna! You’re…
Dean remembered something. “Yeah, uh, right before Crowley showed up, Meg mentioned Genesis. Care to explain why—”
“Yes,” Castiel affirmed. “I was praying for guidance on this approaching mission, particularly in how best to serve as your caretaker.” He raised an eyebrow at Dean. “Perhaps you approaching me is an answer to that prayer.”
When the sickbay doors slid open, Castiel nearly had to shoot Doctor Singer with a relaxation hypo just to keep him from wringing Dean’s neck. After a litany of curses, insults, and
“I thought you guys had no emotions,” Dean blurted, immediately smelling the smoke of Ellen’s laser eyes melting holes into the side of his skull.
“How about I just tell you what I saw,” Dean said, softer. “I mean, if I do… will you stay out of my head?”
Baby was a good thing. That smell — Dean took a good sniff just to be sure he wasn’t hallucinating — was a good thing. Sitting in his Baby, alone, just him and the car and the garage surrounding them, was a good thing. Dean grew up in this car, lived in this car. When he had nightmares, he slept in Baby’s backseat instead of his own bedroom. The virus could take the road from him, take hunting from him, take his life from him, but it couldn’t take his car. Baby was his routine.
“A lifetime of religious discipline, decades of battlefield training, years of Academy studies, and weeks in private trials,” Naomi said. She looked at Castiel. Respectfully, he did not look back. “You have continually proven your significance within the Garrison and your allegiance to the Host.”
Sam had long since stopped chewing on his bite of Markab-leaf salad, leaning forward eagerly to catch every word Chuck spoke.
The Klingon slowly set his pickaxe on the ground, eyeing Rufus, and then retreated hastily, abandoning his cronies behind him.
But Castiel wasn’t trying to change the way Dean was coping; he was trying to understand it. He asked “why not” because he didn’t know. And, for some weird, scientific, creepy reason, Castiel was genuinely interested in the answer. Or maybe the reason was compassionate — which didn’t make sense, but Castiel was surprising Dean every day. It was so hard to tell what he was thinking. Dean glanced at Castiel's hands.
into your macho tradition?” Jo glared, but her smile betrayed her. Kevin, however, nodded violently in answer to the question.
mission.” Crowley was quickly shedding his serene composure. “My whole trajectory is to help intercept the zealots after the Seals to return them to
Castiel sighed. “We aren’t… brothers. Not like you and Lieutenant Winchester. It is different on Elysium. We are a Family, for although we have different parents, we descend from the same Father. We are born, we mate, we die, yet we are all only children. Still, everybody on Elysium is a ‘brother’. It is very… spiritual. The term is far more precise in Enochian.”
"I don’t think everything happens for a reason. I just think we should make what’s happened worth happening."
The rough clang of the storage hatch busting open jarred Dean from his scowl. Ash tossed away the freed metal sheet, which warbled sadly as it flopped to the ground.
“This better be the last time I ever have to beam up with the landing party,” Kevin griped, but before he had even finished his sentence, the world around them was dissolving into the bright, angular scene of the
“Wait,” Kevin said from the rear of the bridge, his hand at his earpiece. “I’m picking up hailing frequencies. I think they want to talk.”
Sam backpedaled frantically as Rufus, cool as a cucumber, shot another pouch of goofer dust from his handheld cannon. The Hellhound was so close now that when the impact came, the dust cloud engulfed Sam and Rufus, as well. Sam coughed, tripping and falling flat on his face, his helmet popping off on impact and rolling away. Sam’s lungs were drowning in ashy black shit. A giant impact shook the ground: the Hellhound’s massive paw, just barely missing Sam’s skull, crushing his freed EV helmet to smithereens.
Harvelle stuck her index finger in Dean’s face. “You watch your tone, son.” Dean swallowed, and the captain narrowed her eyes. “Get away from the building, we’re all exposed here.”
“Nothing. Which happens to be the problem.” Castiel blinked. His blinks were few and far between, but when they did occur, they were glaringly sharp. Sam was beginning to think Castiel had to make a conscious effort to force his eyelids to close. “It has been fourteen hours since he slammed the door on me. He still will not leave his quarters.”
Sorry about the hiatus. For what it's worth, this is my favorite chapter so far (besides the earlier Castiel POV).
Zachariah conceded and released Castiel from his strong grip. Castiel smoothed his shirt, completely unperturbed, but the second hand humiliation across the bridge even had Claire flushing.
Castiel paid acute attention to the remainder of the interview. Harvelle retained a serenity that reminded Castiel of his fellow soldiers on Elysium. Sam Winchester was barely cooperative, swearing profusely, insulting the Seraphim, glaring at his hands. The young officer explained in unacceptably vague detail the infiltration of The Rack facilities, and at the end of the interview just barely scraped at his suspicion of deliberate foul play.
A small laugh rippled through the room, which was fascinating for several reasons. One: many of the attendees were still crying, so the laughter sounded sad, which was another paradox Castiel hadn’t encountered yet. Two: not a single laugh rang bells of bliss in Castiel’s ears like Dean’s had.
“Okay. Now or never,” Dean whispered, glancing between his crewmates, and was relieved to see them nodding resolutely — even Kevin.
Castiel did not deliberately give up — “throw in the towel," as Dean would say — on his list of strange human attributes that he was archiving for future research. It ceased to grow, its annotations slowly petering out, but not because Castiel was abandoning it. He was merely sidetracked by Dean Winchester’s intense demand for attention.
Singer watched Castiel for a moment, his face softening. Castiel felt his own chest aching with a complex rush of worry. It was not anxiety alone, but he had no name for the sensations that accompanied it.
“This will do very little for me, but thank you,” Castiel said, swallowing the pain reliever dry. His throat felt coated in a smoky film, and the pill did not go down easy.
This was the third group grief session Ellen (or Bobby or Jody — Dean didn’t really know who was spearheading these) had mandated since his
The captain didn’t bat an eye at the attitude in her tone. “You’re confined to quarters until further notice.”
Feel free to leave a comment, I'd love to know your thoughts/reactions/predictions or even how your day is going! Thank you so much for reading my work.
“I’m Doctor Singer,” he said, and jerked his head at the other two officers. “Nurse Mills and Jones. Hand me that hypospray.”
“But what?” Sam asked. Dean stared moodily by way of response and Sam scoffed. “You’re smart enough. You figure it out.”
Dean, failing to hide his discomfort, turned his head away from the science officer. He’d only known the guy for a month but didn't think he'd ever stomach the fact that Seraphim could just spontaneously heal superficial injuries like that, that they had unfathomable strength and immunity, that they could take and give consciousness at ease, that they looked almost identical to humans yet couldn’t feel empathy and, oh, that they
Jo was equally unimpressed with his deflection. “Is it true there were illegal test detonations in the Delta Quadrant?”
This crew loved Dean. Love: an alien concept to a Seraph, and definitions were of little assistance. “An intense feeling of deep affection.” Castiel did not know affection, either. Yet in those moments, on this ship, when he felt something was wrong… Perhaps the wrong feelings, those Gabriel and Anael had felt and been extinguished for, perhaps these were feelings that humans gave names such as these to. And perhaps, in humans, they did not feel so wrong. It hurt to think about. Castiel tried not think about it, but he could not avoid it, not as he felt the steady pulse through the soft skin of Dean’s palms, not as his essence coursed through every vein in the man’s body, not as he gently felt upward into the man’s brain, hoping for a glimpse at what affection was worth, what love was worth.
it— but it was the closest thing he’d ever had to a home. And it was all he had left of Mom. Dean could at least remember the taste of her cooking.
“Not more so than usual,” Dean shrugged. “No, Sammy, looks pretty good. I like that it’s feathered at the eyebrows. I can finally see your face again.”
“Yes, brother,” the Programmer says. The heat of burning Grace licks at their vessels even from here. The Programmer wears her third body. Michael wears his fourth. They have been dutiful so long their Grace outlived their birth vessels. The ultimate Seraph fulfillment.
“Ash,” Ketch responded. His eyes met Castiel’s, and he nodded in greeting, his beady eyes widening. Castiel glanced at his wrists: one solid gold line and one dashed. Lieutenant Commander. “You’re — you’re the Seraph. You’re here.”
Shurlion was one of those Class M planets that looked exactly like Earth if Pangea had broke apart at a different time in different places, complete with big blue oceans, arctic tundras, humid wastelands, and a population of various shades of brown that had nearly polluted their home to death. Besides the fact that the planet was plopped at the edge of a neutral no-starships zone, there was nothing exciting about the trip to return the Ambassador — and at Warp 4, Ellen seemed perfectly content taking her sweet-ass time to get there.
“Hear what?” Jo muttered, but she had barely finished the word before the noise grew audible: wet, echoing footsteps, not unlike the ones they had taken when they’d been led down to their cell through the long, rocky tunnel connecting the cavern to the palace. Jo sucked in a breath. “Oh, that.”
“Anael was her colleague,” Cas said, nodding. His unsettling eyes panned back to Mom, which Dean took as a signal that he didn’t need to elaborate. He liked that about Cas. He couldn’t always connect all the dots, but when he did, they were the dots that really mattered.
going to throw up — before the Rosencian roared with rage and spun around. As a normally silent creature, its voice was terrifying; thick and bubbly like a snot globule was caught in its throat, an overtone scream of high and low pitches rattling the humans’ eardrums. As it lunged for Kevin, the ensign ducked beneath its legs, and Charlie sprung an astounding height upon the towering creature like a feral cat scaling a tree.
“You still have this?” Sam held it up. It was the Idolian amulet Sam had dug up when they were kids. “I thought you… lost it.”
orders.” Bobby frowned and gave Dean a light smack upside the back of the head, cutting off another one of his obnoxious groans mid-exhale. “Quit your bellyaching, boy, I’m tryna take care of you!”
and Castiel's eyebrows shot up — one of the few facial expressions he was beginning to develop. “I see. A figure of speech.”
So they saved a Seal and Dean got cockblocked but Castiel didn’t read his mind and nobody got hurt. No random Hellhounds, no zealous Klingons, no scary rumors, no haunting flashbacks. Just the liquid diet. So, overall, a win, even if all those tens in the space station cafe saw Dean eating baby food banana puree through a straw.
. Lieutenant Novak and Ensign Harvelle displayed the same attitude and Ensign Tran could be even more insufferable, yet Dean…
But just as Dean reached for the Seal, a wave of headrush washed out his vision and buckled his knees.
“Just under six parsecs,” Sam reported, “but they’re approaching quickly. Should I adjust our course?”
“Yes,” Castiel affirmed. “The human instinct to amass all ones’ belongings within their sights is not a universal one.”
“Captain's Log, Stardate 10918.8, Captain Ellen Harvelle reporting, First Officer…” she glanced at Castiel. “Castiel… attending. After a month of bargaining with the Gehennian government, efforts to permit a search party within the Rack facilities still proved unsuccessful. Although Starfleet’s orders dictated we tuck tail and leave, I elected to disregard this decision and beam a rescue operations team down for the recovery of Lieutenant Commander Dean Winchester…”
to a halt. The Seraphim vessel, a little white thing, was now visible on the screen, approaching at a steady pace.
, it’s not like he ever did — but he could control himself. Just enough to avoid any more freaking mind readings, to stop racking up reasons to owe that stupid creep with the giant blue eyes and the freakishly gentle hands any favors.
“Commander Castiel of Elysium, Fourth Regiment, Warrior of Thursday.” The words sat coldly on Castiel’s tongue.
“The rumors are untrue,” Naomi insisted. “I oversaw the termination of the Project myself. I will grant you access to the files, if it will ease your concerns.”
The eeriest part was he had no idea if it was actually a flashback or worse: some kind of a vision. Or
It was hard to tell from his position in the mud, but it looked to Dean like another female Klingon, slightly smaller than Meg in stature, and
“He’s right, Captain,” Dean clapped his arm around Ketch’s shoulders, shifting his gaze away from the security officer’s cold and intelligent eyes, gesturing to his wound with his free hand. “
Dean’s hand jumped from Castiel’s shirt to the back of his neck, pulling his head down to make eye contact with him again, almost desperate. His grip was impossibly firm — or Castiel was incredibly weak.
, signing enthusiastically to punctuate his tender sobs. The sorrowful act was quite convincing (there was no doubt the tears of fear, at least, were real), and Dean could only imagine what kind of horrific illness the communications officer was whipping up for Charlie.
Sam had visibly flinched when Ellen announced Dean was joining the party, and Dean could tell it was because this was
He walked away down the hall, flooded with an irkingly human relief at the realization he would finally be alone.
“Ow! Fuck,” Dean swore as he struggled to regain his footing, snatching his arm away. “What the fuck!”
“Um.” Dean ran through a mental list of all his life’s mistakes and recognized nothing of immediate significance. “You’ll have to be more specific.”
Castiel’s face was illuminated by a patch of light from a gap in the canopy. The Seraph’s skin was still dry and unblemished as if he hadn’t burned a single calorie.
“I was a commanding officer on the siege of the Rack as well, if that matters,” Ketch announced, deeply wounded. When Ruby didn’t acknowledge him, Dean caught Ketch’s eye and tried to smile at him, but the security officer just pursed his lips and glared at the mud.
in preparation for this assignment, Castiel would have known they were nearing Sick Bay from eight doors away. There were voices — human voices, some sobbing, some hyperventilating, many shouting. As they drew closer, the human bodies these human voices belonged to began appearing: sitting, leaning, rushing through the corridor. Many were soiled with blood… not necessarily their own.
Ash swallowed and pressed the intercom button. “Ash to Sick Bay. Captain, he’s here. The First Officer.”
When Castiel fixed his hands, he could sense that Dean Winchester’s palms had once been calloused, arthritic — the mortal vessel is a funny thing; it retains memory independent from the mind within it — but Castiel had taken the liberty of restoring their youth. It was not necessary, but it made holding them more pleasant. He was holding them now, gripping Dean Winchester’s hands and closing his eyes and ardently directing his ever-tiring grace into the man’s slowly-recovering tendons and sinews.
“Bridge to Lieutenant Commander Winchester,” Kevin’s voice and image crackled to life on Dean’s desktop screen.
“It’s Meg, actually,” the Klingon said. Her voice was eely and slick and her Standard was flawless. It reminded Dean of somebody he once knew. Castiel’s weight on his side grew ever heavier.
“He’s lost a lot, but that wasn’t all his,” Doctor Singer said. Castiel noticed a shake in the doctor’s voice absent in his steady hands. “Ketch was bleedin’, his team’s in tatters, Sam’s a mess, he’s coughin’ up blood and he cut up his leg pretty good too. Barely got him to sit still long enough to patch it and then we had to shove him right outta here. Wanted to give Dean his blood while he’s losin’ his own. Idjit. No, we got him on a donor bag now. If Dean dies of anything, it ain’t gonna be blood loss. Not on my watch.”
And if he stayed in his quarters for the rest of his life, would he even be third in command much longer, anyway? Maybe he could pilot the ship remotely. Reposition his communication screen to his bedside, never wear pants to work, avoid all human contact and any possible need to interact with his babysitter.
The question was phrased as rhetorical encouragement, but Castiel confirmed that he could, indeed, feel that.
The rest of the landing party made their way off of the beaming platform. Dean’s arms had subconsciously wrapped themselves around his bare torso, the dry and sterile air somehow making him feel more exposed than he had in the dark, moist cave.
“Mister, you didn’t have to go through the turmoil to even get us to this point,” Ellen chided. Kevin let out a sheepish
Dean gaped at the security officer, jerked his head towards Ellen, stuck his hands out in what he assumed translated as a
Ayyyy I really wasn't expecting to be able to get this up on schedule so I am very proud! College is awesome but a lot of work; my school is on a super condensed schedule and WOWwIE I knew it would be fast but it is, like. Fast. Although one of my classes is literally just called "Ghost Stories", and it's the best thing I've ever been in.
to tell you, but I keep getting interrupted!” Crowley exclaimed. “The whole mission is to save the Seals from—”
“Are we there yet?” He panted as the koala thing screeched at him in contempt. “Can’t you… feel the… the thingy yet?”
“You know, I think that spoonful of cat food I ate down there is gonna give me the shits,” he said instead.
Dean sat ramrod straight in his chair. He’d been focusing on color theory so hard he’d completely tuned out an order. “Sorry, sir, can you repeat that?”
"Do you have any idea how much the Seals must have sold for?" Castiel said. "That would be a highly improbable solution."
taking me up, and not you,” Dean translated. Castiel spared a glance at him. Anger was even easier to identify than fear. Especially on a human like Dean, who could twist his facial features into rather ferocious positions.
Sam watched the Seraph leave and, when Ellen began to walk in the opposite direction, he held out a hand to stop her. “Wait. I have a, um, proposal, Captain.”
“Maybe,” Harvelle muttered. “But he doesn’t even know what he should be grateful for.” She glanced to Sam, and then to Castiel. “And I hope he never knows.”
blah blah blah ad infinitum. The only people allowed in Dean’s quarters were the Random Alien of the Week and sometimes Sam, on good days. Or really bad days. Really good or really bad days. Right now, Dean just wanted to have a plain old
Sam drew his legs up and crossed them. The brothers sat in silence for a little while, thinking. Sam’s chest felt tight, like it was squeezing the beats out of his heart. Like his body was preparing for an emergency, and he needed to find a place to hide. There was nowhere to hide in the dead of space.
— and the two nodded to each other calmly, almost gentlemanly, as Dean slipped into his room. Castiel then walked away.
was flirting to the portside just slightly. Dean pressed the amber calibration button and adjusted a dial, the starship righting itself smoothly.
Castiel cocked his head. “He did not remember anything specific yet. If he continues to flash back, I will… step in. But he is highly opposed to my help.”
Up on the hilltop, just as Sam shouted Dean’s name, a piercing scream echoed over the hills. Sam took off running towards the sound, footsteps of his crewmates behind him, but it was too late.
He can’t tell if he’s still bleeding or if the hot tracks down his temples are tears. Sometimes when his eyes open many of the wounds are gone, like they reconstruct him in the darkness, just to cleave him apart again when the lights come back up. Never so much to make the pain ease.
“And… that’s what happened to you when you were the Rosencian queen’s pet Shurlian?” Sam checked slyly.
“On Kronos, I’m in charge of minor trade deals, communications, war strategies,” Crowley said, patting the Hellhound on the head again. “A bit like an ambassador, a bit like a commander… I could explain it in detail, but who cares, really. Like I said, I’m not much of a traditionalist. Or a patriot, for that matter.”
Castiel raised an eyebrow and tilted his head. “I am eager to deliver our performance to Captain Harvelle.”
Castiel hesitated, then nodded. “I accept. Under the condition that you extend the utmost effort to stay out of harm’s way.”
“It’s funny how different cultures twist the stories of historical figures about,” Crowley said. “Lucifer, whoever or whatever he was, certainly existed. But where he is a villain to Seraphim, he is a hero — a deity — to some Klingons. They truly believe he was the first of our race, that because of his righteous, violent worldview, we, ‘his children’, were also higher beings on the evolutionary scale.”
“I’m not going,” Dean said, his back turned, fully aware that his attempt to be dramatic was not in the least subtle.
“I came to prevent Meg from stealing your Seal,” Crowley sighed. “Which, by the way, you’re welcome.”
“Alert Captain Harvelle the landing party has been recovered with minimal injury and altercation,” Castiel reported. “Seven for beam-up.”
I hate giving plot context in the notes because it feels like cheating, so this one is only significant if you know Star Trek well enough to care about the different generations of Klingons.
“This Mister Crowley has proven his loyalties to us,” Naomi said. “At least in that he has proven he acts in his own best interest, and he firmly believes his best interest is acting as our ally.”
“Dean isn’t here today,” Lieutenant Winchester continued. “I had two speeches prepared, one in case he showed up, one in case he didn’t. For some reason I practiced the second one more.”
Boy, had he told him off. Every past few hours that Castiel had swung by to knock on his door and demand to be let inside, Dean nearly decked him out of principle.
“I have no idea how you think they look like puppies,” Dean muttered, opening his door to go inside. “Text me if you need help finding something.”
THANK YOU all for reading this, and thank all of you who leave a kudo or a comment or a prediction or a suggestion. All of it means so much to me! You fill my days with joy!!! :D
“Come,” he ordered over his shoulder. “We should alert Captain Harvelle of our intentions to join the away team.”
Whatever. Even if he was next in line for second officer, Dean had liked it where he was: constantly battling his old Academy roommate for leadership of the squad and getting to be the only security member to simultaneously pilot the ship.
“Crowley,” Crowley responded, taking her hand with remarkably human charisma, “King of the Crossroads. But that’s just a nickname. I simply make deals.”
Sorry for the long hiatus. And also sorry that we all went through that traumatic haphazard homophobic bullshit of a finale.
The Face is here now, with their smiling sunken eyes, their thin lips pulled back over stained teeth, every pore of their half-decayed skin defined in his vision. The Face: the only one of their faces he can
“Hello, boys,” he greeted the Starfleet officers. The corner of his lip curled upward in a tiny smile. “I believe we have some catching up to do.”
Dean quickly scrambled to his hands and knees. His ankle no longer pulsed a dull throb; it had now reached a shrill screech.
“‘Kay, help yourself,” Dean caved. Castiel latched onto Dean’s leg very gently, pulling his pant leg from his boot to make contact with his skin. Dean looked away, the skin tingling beneath the Seraph’s palm and the wound pulsing hotly, until the hand retreated and he could roll his foot around again.
Somebody yanked Sam to his feet and he caught onto them — Rufus — to steady himself. The stench of rotted meat and dog breath was overpowering and Sam gasped as the Hellhound lurched about just yards away from him, snapping its giant jaws at the security officers firing at it valiantly.
Sighing, Dean pressed the button that opened the door — the image of Castiel knocking once and then standing in the barren hallway with his arms stiff at his sides was just plain sad. He had almost been expecting him, anyway. If Ellen herself wasn’t coming to drag him to counseling, she would send Bobby or the Seraph to do the job.
“Should I reach out to them?” Kevin asked, but before Ellen could respond, Sam practically jumped in his seat.
And Sammy was safe. And the last thought, the very last thought Dean could still remember, was of the thrilling embrace Rufus would give him when he escaped from this mess.
— and Rufus caught him around the chest, pinning his arms to his sides. One of Dean’s kidnappers peeled off the group to rush Sam and Rufus instead.
Dean pursed his lips. “Oh, my bad. How long have you been an ensign again? Four years? That’s gotta be some kinda record, right?”
The party assembled themselves on their pads, Castiel cutting in to claim the circle beside Dean just before Sam could. The last thing Dean saw before he felt the Vega Prime heat wave was his brother’s pertinent eyebrow raise.
“What—?” It took a moment of blank staring, but Dean finally recalled that time last week in the transporter room: standing shirtless and bloody with Ketch beside him, begging Ellen one last time to be reassigned. He forgot Cas had even been there. Why was he bringing this up now? “Dude, I was just— I missed being a security officer, and a red uniform looks good on me.” He shot upright, accusatory. “You think it doesn’t?”
Castiel nodded. “In theory, I may be able to bury his trauma for him, and allow him to wake up as the Dean you know and love.”
But Castiel was right; aside from those words, Dean didn’t remember enough to be any more bothered yet about his deep-freeze trauma. He had already assumed he’d been tortured in a dark room and that there must’ve been creepy silhouettes taunting him, so… it wasn’t dangerous to confirm that had actually happened, right?
This upload officially marks the halfway point of my halfway complete plot outline. Which makes us 25-35% of the way through the actual story... ish? I don't know, I don't do math. If I lived in the Star Trek universe I would be a thespian on a space station. And don't worry, even if some very distant plot is still being workshopped, I do have a solid ending that will eventually happen. I'm not THAT crazy!
Sam turned and crashed through the jungle, pursuing the sound of Ash’s triumphant yodeling. Dean followed silently, too genuinely offended to come up with a response.
“Good.” Bobby gave Dean a slap on the back that was halfway between a congratulatory acknowledgement and a warning to just get out of his damn sick bay already. “Now snatch yourself a fresh tunic and get your ass back to flying this thing and, so help me God, if you get injured on a mission again, I solemnly swear I will remove your nipples myself.”
Dean Winchester was awake, sitting upright and appearing completely healthy aside from the cast on his left arm and the recognizable glow of pain medication in his face. At his sides stood his brother, Lt. Commanders Bradbury and Ketch, Lt. Fitzgerald, Ensign Harvelle, and Commander Ash. To crowd so many non-medical personnel into Sick Bay at once was overwhelming, not to mention irresponsible. But the officers’ faces were blissful and Castiel could sense waves of
Lying to Sam sucked. Because Dean knew Sam never believed him, but Sam would always pretend like he did. And he was very, very bad at pretending.
“It is your brother,” Castiel said. Sam tensed, about to stand, and Castiel quickly continued. “He is fine, physically.”
“They cannot wait for you to join them, it seems,” Naomi commented, trailing Castiel to the transportation pad at the back of the bridge. “They are desperately in need of your stoic wisdom.”
It felt different, too. Sammy brought tension. They had baggage and they unpacked and re-packed it so often neither of them could tell whose shit was whose anymore. The Random Aliens of the Week were about forgetting the “then” and the “when” and enjoying the “now.” And Cas made Dean forget a “then,” and it wasn’t like the two of them didn’t have their baggage, and Dean still found him so creepy, but… something about this — how even though all that happened, they were in Dean’s quarters together out of their own free will, and Dean had
I am having so much fun working on this and can't wait to write more. Hopefully it'll be up in two-three weeks like always! Thank you all for reading this. Feel free to leave a comment/kudo and I hope y'all have a great day.
“Yeah, Meg’s handwriting,” Ruby said. “I tried to intercept her in the jungle, but she got me with your crew, and—”
“Both Elysium and Kronos have their own versions of this prophecy, based on their own interpretations of Lucifer,” Castiel said in a tone reminiscent of audio-documentary files. “It is the only religious doctrine we have in common.” He paused. “However, I am not familiar with it. The prophecy was a subject of great suffering in our past. Only our highest commanders have the clearance to know it now.”
A mind reading was simple: any Seraph could pull forth the memories of a patient to witness them for themselves, not unlike a projection on a starship viewscreen. A mind
“At least I don’t look like a newborn Tellarite,” he sneered. “Let’s just get this over with. I want a damn LaCroix.”
Naomi took a moment before responding again. “The Council will discuss how to proceed. In the meantime, carry on with your tasks. We will alert you when we have reached a decision.”
That settled it: if Cas said the gold tunics were green, the gold tunics were green. “Well, thanks for the flattery.”
“Scratch that, sweetheart, why don’t you set the dinner down and show me what else those tentacles can do?” Dean smirked. The guard, who may not have understood the language but had no problem recognizing the taunt, stepped forward, rolling its neck and then promptly socking Dean in the gut with a stone-hard fist.
Singer pursed his lips, as if considering it, and then dropped the expression and threw his hands in the air with exasperation. “You were
look more green than gold, especially in this weak torch lighting, with all that blood and gunk dampening the Starfleet-sanctioned luminescence. Dean tried — he’d really tried — to keep his tunic in one piece this time, but he mused that it would at least give him another opening to beg Ellen to return his red uniform once he got back to the ship.
The pain began in the center of Castiel’s skull, behind his nose and below his eyes. It was a hot prodding at the farthest, highest corner of his throat that sent red waves pulsing through his vision.
The world slid out from under him and Dean realized they were along the edge of a hidden bluff, a drop of thirty feet looming beneath him. As he slid down, he reached out, just barely snatching a root before he could tumble down with the lump of mud.
“Stay close to me,” Dean muttered as the thick iron gates of Perdition closed behind the landing party. Sam didn’t need to be told twice. The city may have been sketchy, but the prison mines on the outskirts were swarming with evil.
Two in one day — some Elasian king was apparently pretty greedy when Bela Talbot was dealing out her spoils and took two Seals for himself. Unfortunately for him, his bargaining skills were shit, and Ellen and the crew revoked his prize without any trouble. It was almost as quick as the space station mission, and much like that last milk run, there wasn’t even violence involved this time.
Michael smiles. Spurts and coughs. Ringing and pulsing. A dark and heavy cloud. A good little soldier who does not cry. He did not mean for this to happen. This was always meant to happen.
Castiel had asked. Apparently that was humorous. Dean had thrown his head back, his huge eyes crinkling into slits, his nostrils flaring, all of his square teeth on display and his entire inner throat angled to maximum visibility. And he’d
“In your mind, I didn’t study memories I wasn’t ordered to,” Cas said in a troubled tone. “Reading your mind was… itchy. I didn’t like it.”
Instead of his private quarters, Castiel was giving this report directly from the Sick Bay office, and he was not alone — Doctor Singer, Nurse Mills, and Captain Harvelle stood behind him. Sam Winchester was in Sick Bay’s main room thirty feet away, sitting beside Dean and, according to the last Castiel had seen of him prior to the call, talking to his unconscious brother quietly. He thought Sam was, perhaps, praying.
Nurse Jones passed Doctor Singer a hypospray from the overbed table. The doctor injected it into a nearly undamaged patch of flesh on the patient’s thigh.
The buttons on the helm were yellow and red and blue and white, stark against the black surface of the computer’s counter, and they blinked like little fairy lights beneath Dean’s fingertips. The more he studied the difference in hue between his new shirt sleeve and the amber calibration button, the more he was convinced that what he’d observed in the darkness of the cave was correct: this model of tunic was a muted chartreuse and definitely
The actual mission was brief and easy, almost disappointingly so. Dean was so swept away by the hallways’ streams of bustling rainbow nostalgia, he forgot they were even there for a Seal until Ellen was shoving it into his arms and the walls of the space station were rippling back into the shape of the
Maybe he’d feel differently if he could still remember what he was recovering from, but Dean thought he was doing a pretty convincing job of being
“Thanks,” Dean said automatically, even though he knew it was weird. When Castiel didn’t break eye contact for a few moments, Dean rolled his eyes and pushed past him to go inside. “C’mon. My rice krispies aren’t going to snap, crackle, and pop themselves.”
to direct his eyes anywhere but into the eyes of The Face, who is laughing at him because they can see it, the pain, and it’s exactly what they want from him. And so he looks at The Face because there is nowhere else to look and inside he feels something, like his essence, if he still has any, just wasting away, decaying. Sometimes he wonders — not for long, wondering is not easy — if his eyes have been broken as well. They seem to leave his eyes alone, but he wonders — his memory has been — sometimes he thinks—
“Rendezvous point,” Ellen said. “We’re dropping off the Seal with Zachariah, and then first thing in the morning we’re jumping several parsecs to a space station.”
Thank you all so much for sticking with this story. I will try to get updates back to every three weeks! Feel free to leave a kudo and a comment; I love to hear what you have to say! And if you need to rant about the finale... I gotchu. I promise this story won't end the same way.
“I’m really glad Castiel is here,” he forced out. “I thought I could protect Dean. He did it for me all these years and it was my turn, right? But I get hurt too, and I’m just…”
In case of compromise, all standard Starfleet vessels are equipped with a self-destruct button. He heard that somewhere. He doesn’t remember what it means. Or why it comes to him now. For all he knows,
“Apologies if I have interrupted something,” Castiel added, hesitating only slightly. He nodded to the ambassador. “Chuck of Shurlion.”
The pale Seraph strode across the bridge, barging past a positively befuddled Kevin, to reach the science station. Castiel looked at Zachariah’s chest instead of his eyes, impassive as a machine, as the taller Seraph looked him up and down.
Sam put down his fork and tucked his hair behind his ear. "Okay. Yeah. I can help," Sam said quickly, glancing at his friends' taut expressions. The only time they’d seen Castiel heal anybody was when Dean was impaled, and Sam had already gone and revealed his own involvement in this new arrangement to the masses, so… he could only imagine how awkward this conversation must feel to some other point of view. He felt both empowered and irritated that he couldn’t explain to them why it wasn’t.
find that proof of character?” Dean pivoted. “You know, since Starfleet just makes your skin so fucking crawly.”
She ignored him. “Look, if he’s healthy, you come right back down here, quick and easy. If something’s wrong with him, I’ll need you there to handle it anyway. Understood?”
“None. He’s been content with what he has,” Crowley said. “However, it’s a shame that mission of yours didn’t go more smoothly. With a solid trade deal on Gehenna, I may have swung him to my side.”
For the next few hours, business went smoothly. The warden spoke with the away team civilly. They received a rudimentary tour of the mines. Sam witnessed a prisoner collapse from exhaustion and be trampled to death by his fellow inmates. All was falling in according to plan.
“Fortunately, before passing, Talbot revealed the names and locations of all her buyers,” Uriel said, gracefully skirting around the obvious role of torture in her confession. “We are not at all concerned about our abilities to retrieve the Seals. We simply… need to rush things along.”
not because Castiel was staring at him uninterrupted from beam-down to beam-up. It was because his new diet did not meet his caloric needs and he simply lacked the energy required to be a nuisance.
“Lots of humans like to talk about how they feel bad, and that makes them feel better,” Dean said, attempting to sound clinical. “I don’t work that way, which sucks, ‘cause it’s not like I
Sam tried to be a good officer… how? Dean knew Sam liked the science, the people, the mystery, the adventure… but ever since he was a kid, Sam had no interest in what the “space cops” stood for. He would’ve been better off if they’d left him in the dingy
He turned his head to look at Cas with what he hoped were imploring eyes. Cas simply stared back like an automaton.
Speaking of birth control, it was just about time for Dean’s traditional tryst with the Random Alien of the Week — and there were plenty of contenders to go around in the halls of the space station. An emerald-skinned Orion chick with legs for miles. A Romulan lady who was way too old for him and therefore all the more exciting. An Andorian girl who literally approached Dean asking how flexible he was. There was even an Edo man with these huge blue eyes — and Dean didn’t… at least, not usually… but he’d heard about the
“Dean,” Castiel said, and Dean felt a hand on his shoulder. “We’re isolating ourselves from society, but you and your brother are acting like we’re isolating ourselves from each other. Even I know that’s not the right kind of social distancing for this situation.”
“I understand,” Castiel said. Although he doubted this statement, his very utterance of the words were testimony to their truth, for Seraphim could not lie.
” Dean scoffed, but even Castiel could detect the doubt in his tone. “I started picking up some strange signals and —
Therefore, the list wasn’t gone, and it wasn’t being ignored. It had just been renamed. Rather than the Perplexities of Mankind, it had become the Perplexities of Dean Winchester. Furthermore, upon reflection over his time at the Academy and on the
This simultaneous disorientation and focus was reassuring; it meant all procedures had gone correctly, that Castiel was a successful and righteous Seraph. Memories of private trials were always erased from the Seraphim who underwent them, for no single soldier was allowed to know the extent of their own power. Ezekiel, Uriel, Ishim, Hester, Benjamin — they had all proven themselves in the extended tests, and consequently forgotten the experience. When his turn arrived, Castiel had done the same.
Sam fell to his knees at Dean’s side and Castiel remained a few steps back, observing the thin length of metal skewering the helmsman to the ground. He checked his tricorder to verify the presence of any remaining trap triggers before approaching the brothers and kneeling beside them.
“You understand that sacrifices have to be made,” Naomi said slowly. “The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few, or the one.”
But it’s not like Castiel had anything better to do, having read every book in the bunker. He had not yet heard all the songs that were being cooked up in Dean’s REM brain.
Charlie did her best to illustrate said illness with another twisted scream and stiff contortion. The guard finally conceded, assuaging Kevin with a few gestures before approaching Charlie, a dainty metal key glistening between his scaly fingers. As soon as her wrists were uncuffed, Charlie collapsed, but before she could hit the floor Kevin had leapt from the wall and slammed the tray of gruel upside the guard’s head.
Although mind melds weren’t exactly forbidden, all Seraphim understood the enactment of them was, to put it simply,
“Hold your horses, gotta check for a…” Ash crawled around the edge of the square hole, peering inside.
Sam glanced up with a petulant expression, then cocked his head. “Speaking of faces, what’d you do to yours? Get in a car accident?”
“Not a fucking animal,” the tallest officer snarled as the Sick Bay doors opened and Ash rushed Castiel inside.
” Dean stuck one arm out for the Seraph to catch, and he did, looking up at Dean with what might have been genuine fear.
It reminded Dean of his Academy-era relationships: girlfriends begging him to be more open with them while Dean shriveled at the idea of commitment and vulnerability. But, again, Castiel was just
“Yeah, I noticed you’re pretty good at that,” Sam snarked. The little shit was biting back a smile, and when he glanced at Dean with his cheeks quivering, Dean nearly lost it.
” Dean barked around the lump in his throat. Sam’s eyelids fluttered, but remained closed, and he drew his thin eyebrows together.
Castiel took a step into Dean’s personal space. “I do not obey your orders,” he rumbled, cocking his head, “and you do not give them.”
“Castiel believes this is what’s best for us and for Dean,” Harvelle continued. “And he’s done so much for us already, much he didn’t need to. I don’t know how any of us would have managed without him, personally or professionally, and— and I have faith in him.”
“I can’t stop thinking about it,” Captain Harvelle said, much quieter and slower than she had spoken before.
“And even if he did swing that way,” Jo said to Chuck, and the whole table, with a wicked grin, “do you think Ellen would order Castiel to sit in and watch?”
“Just gotta jimmy off this panel…” Ash got to his feet and paced a circle around his spot in the ground. Dean leaned over, trying to get a view through the bushes of what Ash had found, and saw the mud had been cleared away from a three-by-four metal panel embedded into the jungle’s floor.
“Vega Prime’s another Class M,” she said. “A bit populated, but we’re beaming down in the wilderness. It’s a jungle down there. Literally. The foliage is thicker than Gorn bone, so set phasers to disintegrate.” She looked up pointedly. “And avoid the fauna. We don’t wanna be vaporizing any Bambis.”
Zachariah slapped on his God-forsaken smile again. “It appears Naomi has succeeded in relaying our intentions,” he said.
I fully intend to keep updating as frequently as I can but once school starts I will either be more focused than usual or be completely distracted. I could continue with frequent short chapters (about half as long as I usually post) at the current upload rate or maintain the same word count with longer hiatuses. Feel free to leave a comment if you feel strongly about either option.
Castiel pulled up his chair and leaned over Dean again, splaying his hand over the man’s peaceful face — his thumb to his chin, one finger against the soft skin below his eye, one at the curve of his brow—
“Lieutenant Winchester, have a seat, here.” Castiel moved aside and pointed to the chair opposite Harvelle. The navigator furrowed his brow, his mouth set. His face, now cleansed of dirt and blood, was revealed to be sharply angled, ashen, and badly bruised.
officer, not a medic. Although his education was extensive in xenobiology and alien physiology, Castiel’s actual talents were based on instinct and nature, not study and practice. Castiel’s presence was what humans called a “blessing” in case of injuries in the field, but without a doctor’s extended assistance, he was merely a walking bandage.
If Dean could make out much color in the dark chaos of the jungle, he would have taken that warning more seriously. The alternating patches of pitch darkness and piercing light he stumbled through while tripping over roots and vines were so contrasting and sudden he could have believed he’d been transported to a club dance floor. The claustrophobic heat and sweatiness did nothing but contribute to the impression.
Castiel thought the humans were pointedly more overwhelmed than he was at his point, but conceded that Singer was correct in that he could be more useful elsewhere at the moment. Healing Dean Winchester was not his only duty; he was the first officer of this starship now. There were many variables to track if he were to protect this assembly.
Castiel cocked his head. “You are renouncing your strike and assuming position as my guardianship charge?”
The “scheduling snafu” Garth was referring to was related to the current seals scenario. What was supposed to be an hour delay to Shurlion quickly turned into an eight hour delay when a second alert pinged in from Zachariah (seconded by Starfleet Command) about another seal just off the path last night. Then that became a twenty-four hour delay with a third alert. And then a three day delay with alerts four and five. And now the
What would his mother say to him in this situation? Would she agree? Would she refute him? Would he get in trouble for failing his brother or would… would she try to convince him it wasn’t his fault? And would that even help?
Castiel caught Dean in his double-take and dipped his chin towards him, his wide blue eyes bugging out beneath his sharp eyebrows. The gesture was undoubtedly intended as a greeting, but came off as a predatory glower of intimidation. Dean had never suffered from sleep paralysis demons like Sam, but he imagined the effect was similar.
“Yes. But if there is a logical solution to avoid that scenario, I do not see why it should not be taken.” Castiel realized his circulatory rate was increasing and took a moment to calm himself. “A mind meld will allow me to… put up a wall for Mister Winchester. He may be able to recover consciousness and agency. And—” Castiel could sense Naomi wanted to interrupt. “—in doing so, he may recover additional memories on his own time, and provide his own opinion on what action to take. You understand humans are complicated, Sir. Even melding our minds with theirs does not allow us to comprehend the depths of their psyches.”
Rufus’ voice erupted behind Sam — he must have followed him — and he obeyed, ducking and nearly sending himself tumbling over his long legs. A projectile whooshed over his head. It flew hundreds of yards, sailing over Dean, and hitting the dog square in its muzzle, where it burst into a black cloud of dust. The Hellhound howled.
“What about you guys?” Dean said, spinning Sam around to give him a brief once-over. Although covered in nearly as much grime as the rest of them, his brother seemed perfectly fine. “Wasn’t Ketch with you? How’d you find us?”
“We may have been protected on the city’s streets, but here, we got nothin’ but ourselves,” Rufus scolded. “Humans are a delicacy in the Rack nowadays, or haven’t you bozos heard?”
Dean turned. Castiel was gazing straight at Dean, not bothering to look around at the room’s decor, even though it was the first time he’d ever been in Dean’s private quarters. It was respectful, in a way. But also weird. But the kind of weird that didn’t bother Dean so much anymore because he was getting used to it.
,” Dean cried. He could barely move. The men yanked him to his feet, and one turned to Sam, its eyes pitch black in the darkness.
Castiel’s wide eyes were even creepier in the dark foliage, like the fucking Cheshire cat or something.
“Loaded question to ask a Seraph, no?” Crowley jutted in. “Long story short, yes, Lucifer was real — at least, a real nasty fellow. By ‘banished’, Castiel means he was  thrown in The Cage, deep in Leviathan space. Now, whether he was thrown in there for defying the Great Father, or for committing war crimes, or just to self-isolate for a bit, that’s a bit more subjective.”
Dean got to his feet, helping Castiel up but avoiding eye contact with him — something about the fact that the Seraph grew so weak after a healing was deeply unsettling to him — and glared at Ruby. His mind much clearer now that it was free of the burden of pain, Dean finally noticed the dark welt on the Klingon’s temple.
strongly implied. “But I wouldn’t be the one to do it. You humiliate yourself like that, you deserve to live with missing nipples.”
“Thank you,” Zachariah said, the sarcasm flying so far over his head it broke a ceiling panel. “On Elysium, eye contact is entirely unnecessary, but I’ve found since you lot lack a telepathic link, substitutions are required. And that is another thing: expressions. Smiling! You love to smile. And you
“Ketch is guarding the tunnel entrance,” Sam said. “We’ve been waiting it out all night, to avoid excessive conflict. We knew where you were, we just couldn’t get in until a guard had come down to feed you.”
Jody blinked. “No, I, uh, believe you. I’m glad you stepped in. I’m sure he’s fine, but I’ll check, just to be certain.”
Dean grinned at the captain sheepishly, his face growing warm despite the accurate observation. “It seems we, ah, had a little disagreement about the dress code.”
“Son of a bitch should at least ask my permission,” Dean was griping as Nurse Mills hovered a scanner over his belly. He made eye contact with Castiel and curled his lip at him.
“Hardly, Mister Ketch,” Castiel said. “The Seals are a great source of power, both in the scientific sense and the spiritual. Consequences would be dire if they were to fall into the wrong hands.”
crashing into the Earth, of Dean floating naked through space and burning from the inside out until quasars of white light shot out from his eye sockets.
the first Klingon,” Castiel stated gruffly. It was the first thing he’d said since Meg showed up that he sounded fully certain of.
Dean pushed away the nauseating anxiety of another mandated “Grief, Trauma, and Your Crew” therapy session with the entire
Dean grabbed Sam and yanked him close. The remaining Klingon lunged for them, but Rufus’ phaser pressed to his head stopped him.
“Leave it, we’ll fix it later,” Dean said quickly. Castiel looked positively drained; it must have been a bad break. “Just lean on me, we’ll be fine.”
“Your brother,” Chuck repeated, brightening as if he just remembered something. “I noticed his absence. In the rescue, was he the one performing a dance routine while shooting at the guards?”
“Alright, enough, boys,” Ellen ordered. “Let me talk to Castiel for a moment in peace, and then I’ll deal with whatever’s going on here.”
“Anyway, even if this was a test, you passed,” Bobby said after the analyzer beeped with completion. “You did well down there. And even though you're still stiff, your medical readings look just dandy.”
Cas folded his hands in his lap and turned up his nose. “Any flattery is a product of your interpretation.”
brain is teeny-tiny,” Sam said, jumping on the opportunity. “It’s just sitting in your skull and all your tears are sloshing around in there with it.”
Castiel blinked resolutely before lifting his hand — no sudden movements, as if he was concerned Dean might bite if threatened. He splayed his fingers across Dean’s face from his temple to his chin, the pad of his thumb against the bridge of his nose. It reminded Dean of a game he used to play with Sam when they were little, where Dean would scrunch a hand through Sam’s mop top and chant
He studied the positions of the spike, the hidden cannon in the hillside that was now smoking slightly, and the tricorder that Dean had, for some reason, flung away. Castiel observed his own tricorder again to verify he wasn’t stepping on any traps before gingerly picking up Dean’s equipment. As he did so, his headache surged.
Dean sat up, studying Sam, like he had something to tell him but couldn’t bring himself to say it. Dean did that a lot; glancing at Sam all melodramatic and meaningful before turning away without telling him what the problem was.
Dean stared at the wolfish creature in horror. He knew quite a bit about Hellhounds, but he didn’t think they could, you know,
The trail of blood ended at the foot of a biobed surrounded by four medical officers, bent over what must be the recovered body. Castiel could not see much above the legs from his position, and the legs did not look good. The room smelled of offal and disinfectant. He approached the biobed, leaving Ash pale and shaky by the door, but he was intercepted halfway there by a brunette woman in captain’s green.
A few Easter eggs: I subconsciously based the planet Gehenna/the city of Perdition on the alternate-dimension Earth where King Koopa reigns in the 1993 Super Mario Brothers live action movie. And I forgot that Rura Penthe from Star Trek VI is a prison colony & dilithium mine, so uhhh, just pretend I made that allusion on purpose as some super clever writer's choice. Actually, there’s also a Star Trek VI reference in here regarding English literature. I just really love that movie.
Castiel put his hand down and turned to Bobby, blank-faced, and Dean broke eye contact with the Seraph so fast his eyeballs got whiplash. “He’s fine, Doctor.”
“Your whole ‘dying like a hero’ business!” Sam shook his head. “You can be a great officer without throwing yourself in harm’s way all the time.”
Castiel had turned away mid-sentence. “Mister Winchester, I am in the middle of a radial scope, and I must focus. And please remember my name is Castiel, not Cas.”
“Break time’s over, boys,” Harvelle said. Both officers startled, although Castiel thought he was slightly better at masking his surprise. “Ketch thinks he finally mapped out a decent path.”
Dad was tired. Dean was tired, too. Neither of them had slept since the fire, not without nightmares of Momma’s screams.
would be much harder to establish and even more essential to getting diplomacy back on the table — particularly with all that Genesis crap floating around again.
“Really,” Meg chuckled, recovering. She paused, tilting her head with a sickening smirk. “You think we don’t know about the vessels? The Last Battlefield?” She leaned forward on her Hellhound, baring her own teeth. “Our Father loves his children. Lucifer will rise, and he will claim Genesis. And so it was
After fourteen hours of mulling it over, it was decided. Dean was going to stay in his quarters for the rest of his life.
“I’m no good at this,” Sam said. “And Dean knows, and he’s mad, but he doesn’t want to take it out on me. I think that’s why he’s so mean to Castiel instead, because he doesn’t feel anything. So maybe that’s a good thing. But I still feel so bad.”
m” — but still. Singing. In his sleep. Like being locked inside for a month with only his brother and best friend wasn’t going to be filled with enough humiliating moments as it was.
The audacity of these people. Dean was astounded Ellen hadn’t wrung Zachariah’s neck yet, just out of principle. Sucked they’d lost their seals and all, but… they couldn’t possibly be this big of a deal to warrant putting
The Rosencian curled its hand towards Dean, the littlest finger extended and pointed downward. Dean could deduce what crude gesture that might roughly translate to in Standard and resolved himself to live with the lingering taste of rust and brine in his mouth.
“They’re never going to find us,” Kevin groaned, and Dean and Charlie sighed, exchanging glances. “Stop making fun of me! I’m going to die here and it’s all because of your stupid plans that always go wrong.”
“Welcome,” Sam smiled. And then Dean scooched closer on the bed, wrapped an arm over Sam’s shoulders, and hugged him into his side. Sam stiffened; they didn’t hug a lot, and Dean kind of smelled like onions, since he still refused to accept “becoming a man” meant he should use deodorant now. But the amulet looked right sitting around Dean’s neck. Like it had found its real home.
“Tomorrow,” she conceded. The human sigh of relief behind Castiel almost assuaged the ache in his chest as well. He balled up his fists on the table so he could not watch his fingers tremble. “Tomorrow we will save Dean Winchester.”
Castiel stepped onto the landing pad, looking over the white bridge of Naomi’s sterile ship one final time.
than a recurring dream,” Dean said, furrowing his brow as he tried to remember more specifics. “Something different happens every time. Like, last night we were rehearsing a romantic scene, but there was this, like, fake blood everywhere. It was macabre but also kind of awesome.”
All Sam could see was a photograph, his mom hugging a chubby, bowl-cut wearing Dean, when Sam himself was nothing but a misshapen clump of cells inside her womb.
“A pleasure. Sam. Dean. Cas.” He showed no sign of naivety nor suspicion, all cool and collected and a thousand percent at ease.
Just before Dean’s finger twitched over the trigger, she raised the weapon and threw it, the entire damn thing, at Crowley’s head.
“Dean!” Sam’s voice echoed from the junction of the cave tunnel, and Dean turned, immediately forgetting about Castiel, who merely transferred his attention to the other captured officers. The younger Winchester popped into the cave and god
Dean gave his cuffs another yank from where they were anchoring his hands above his head. All he received was a stiff clank and the sharp digging of metal into his wrists.
Instead he clicked his teeth together, seething, racking his brain for one of Ketch’s most embarrassing Academy incidents to pay him back for the jab about the choking thing (which had truly been only one time, and they had both been drunk, so it didn’t count anyway).
The only thing they’d messed up was the timing. After causing a distraction and stealing away the ambassador, sending him off with Ketch, returning to where they’d stashed their communicators to avoid detection, they just happened to stumble straight into the Rosencian queen. An epic fight against the guards ensued (epic in that Charlie fought valiantly, Jo did her best, Kevin folded immediately, and Dean nearly got his nipples removed), and now, for the past four hours, they’d been in chains in what seemed to be the palace dungeon.
Castiel then lowered his brows. “It is not enough for you to promise to ‘behave’,” he said. Dean swallowed. He had kind of hoped he had driven the Science Officer to his wit’s end already and
Dean fought desperately, shooting at his assailants, kicking and swinging and elbowing. They never ceased. When one went down, two more got up. Hands held down Dean’s arms, boots took out his legs, Dean blasted one in the face and then took a horrible blow to the cheek that sent him tumbling, limp, to his knees. The Hellhound, such an evil diversion, roared behind Sam. The volcano bubbled on the horizon. Red ash clouded the purple sky.
Doctor Singer nodded, likely thumbing through the same mental images to compare to the specimen before them. “Well, I concur. Okey-dokey, then.” He waved Dean away with a heavy sigh. “Get lost, kid.”
Cas blinked slowly, unoffended. “I was chosen to enroll in Starfleet Academy because our elders believed I was best suited.”
“All Castiel knows is obey orders, read my mind, pray to the Great Father, sleep, and repeat,” Dean said. “He doesn’t care if I live or die.”
to tell you,” Dean insisted, smiling. “It’s like fuckin’— you feel it all buzzing inside— like he’s touchin’ me and it’s all warm and gooey in there—”
Dean Winchester was unconscious within the large metal-and-glass canister of the stasis chamber. A sheet, rather than the usual infirmary wardrobe, covered his body. It had been too risky to handle him any further before he had displayed advanced signs of recovery. Castiel lifted the lid of the stasis chamber and the machine slowly elevated Dean Winchester to an operable level, a cool hissing mist billowing away from the body. Castiel gently pulled the sheet downward, revealing the upper half of what remained of Dean Winchester.
The Starfleet officers had been protected by law on the streets of the city, but in the prison mines, their only protection was themselves. And, as human slaves were currently in high demand in the Rack — a mysterious organization of kidnappers who tortured their victims in the name of science — the slightest skirmish could compromise the entire party’s safety.
“Pardon my elementary understanding of Seraphim theology,” Ellen began, “but am I correct that these Seals have a function in your worship?”
Ellen evidently concurred, but her discomfort went entirely unregistered by the icy aliens on the bridge. She straightened her shoulders and took a breath.
Dean studied Castiel and Castiel studied Dean. If anybody else asked him that, he’d consider those fighting words, because as much as he loved his crewmates, they were so…
Sam decided not to mention he’d already heard Dad say “fuck”. He pulled his arm away from his older brother, but didn’t meet his eyes. He stared at his bed instead. He thought about the monsters that slept down there and kept him awake at night.
“Now an extinct species,” Uriel added. “She has already been arrested, tried, and executed under due Seraphim law.”
“Looks like an underground storage unit,” Sam said. “It’s not very big inside; the Seal is probably all that’s in there.”
Kevin glared at Dean, then spat something vicious in what sounded like a combination of Ferengi and Romulan before dramatically turning his head away to pout at the other wall.
“They are needlessly complicated creatures.” Naomi assented, her tone remaining neutral. “Must I remind you of the ramifications of the meld?”
The Seraph’s gaze shifted dispassionately to a blank spot on the wall as he tuned the frequency on his communicator. “Commander Castiel to Commander Ash.”
Because John Winchester was staring at him, always, from the wall adjacent to his bed, posed in a blood-red tunic. Judging. Dean didn’t need to be told he was a disappointment, but it wasn’t until after his father died that he felt so awful about it. All those years training for the Academy, he had disappointed him: floundering missions, making mistakes, not stepping in like he could have when Sammy dropped out for more Terran-bound studies.
“You know what,” sang an accented voice from behind Dean, “I believe it flatters him.” A red-sleeved, muscular arm slung itself around Dean’s shoulders, and he turned to see Arthur Ketch smirking down at him from his slightly taller height (Dean maintained it was his regulation-breaking platform boots, specially imported from Cyranon). He jutted his chin at the slice over Dean’s nipples. “I hope that’s not infected.”
Lying to Sam sucked. Because Dean knew Sam never believed him, but Sam would always pretend like he did. And he was very, very bad at pretending.
“Yes. I was. Very serious. I need to be on the squad, Ketch.” Dean glanced at Ellen, who now seemed to be asking Charlie about her ribs. “I need to—”
Castiel’s hands shook as he sat before the small desktop viewscreen, watching the buttons (yellow and red and blue and white, stark against the black surface of the counter) instead of meeting Naomi’s eyes. It had been a very long and tiring day, and his head hurt very much, and speaking with Naomi — something that usually reassured Castiel of his abilities and purpose — now sent sharp pains through his stomach. In his periphery he could see her hands folded on the screen.
“Awright, according to my thingy-ma-bobs, uh…” Ash held his scanner up high, performing a slow spin in place. “Seal’s deep
The attacker was just a few feet from them now, but Sam’s eyes were on Dean’s face. His big brother. His big brother, who carried him out of the fire, and now Sam was going to watch him die in one, just like Jessica, just like Mom—
“Iss’hot out,” he garbled loudly before anyone could question him. He turned back around, lifting the collar of his shirt to wipe his mouth. Sensing a mob about to pounce with concerned pandering, he blurted, “And y’all are here to save the Seals, or what?”
“That is a little strange,” Castiel agreed, “albeit somewhat endearing. You singing in your sleep must be a projection of your rehearsals.”
Several moments passed. Some noises: the door opening, a few footsteps. A feeling: the mattress dipping next to Sam as somebody sat down.
It took everything Dean had not to respond with an anecdote about the separation of church and state on Earth.
,” Bobby quickly cut in, providing the human element of empathy the Seraph couldn’t seem to fathom, “we still need to check your head.”
The Rosencian leered over Dean, the thick skin of its face so close he could make out flecks of colors in the leathery scales. Dean quickly realized that these were actually dots floating over his eyes as his vision gave out. The ringing in his ears grew overpowering — Kevin’s squealing certainly doing no favors — and just as Dean was losing the sensations in his thrashing extremities, a swatch of blue flashed near the guard’s head.
Bobby tapped Dean’s shoulder and the helmsman sat up, holding out his arm so that the doctor could attach a subdermal analyzer to the crook of his elbow to take blood and skin samples. They’d performed this routine so often over the past two weeks, ever since Dean had been up and moving around and functional again, that going through the motions of a checkup were as easy as breathing. He barely even noticed the uncomfortable pricks on his skin beneath the analyzer anymore, which was saying a lot, since when they first started out Dean always pitched a hissy fit before Bobby could clamp the thing on him.
The patient’s whimpering was finally petering out following the most recent hypo, only the faintest of sobs bubbling from his torn red lips until, finally, they went still. Nurse Mills spoke to him softly while she cleaned his wounds. Her eyes watered.
Castiel struggled to get his tongue working against the ashy weight in his mouth. The tear tracks over Dean’s cheekbones almost fragmented the light, something pinging inside Castiel’s head and the whites in his vision flashing a bit too brightly.
Dean took this complaint to Sick Bay, but instead of letting him eat real food, Bobby prescribed Dean protein shakes, which are disgusting.
“Are you okay?!” Sam’s eyebrows were scrunched up so far a delta had formed in the lines on his forehead. He patted Dean’s arms, checked the marks on his chest and neck, and was just turning Dean’s head to the side to study the minor goose egg on his temple that he’d received the night before when Dean slapped his hands away.
“You and Dean, bad luck?” Jo scoffed through her parched throat. “You’re giving yourself too much credit. We all know this is Dean’s fault.”
“High school?” Castiel laughed a little, as if he weren’t expecting that answer. “Such dreams are generally associated with high levels of stress and a feeling of powerlessness. It means you are seeking validation or reassurance for an aspect of your life that is changing.” At Dean’s incredulous stare, Castiel swallowed. “A little on the nose?”
for himself and dragging Sammy and Dean across the entire alpha and beta quadrants for eight years on a psychotic hunt for his wife’s killer. He told Cas about space stations and treasure hunts and panhandling, about growing up in outer space with only an outdated research craft to call home, about watching out for a little brother who longed for a different life. He told Cas about the amulet hanging around his neck.
With the elders’ guidance, you completed a procedure wherein the memories Mister Winchester held from his time in the Rack facilities could be buried within his own mind and blocked from his consciousness, allowing him to awaken. He will now finish recovery with the intent to return to his duties as navigator of the
“When you find a body like that, nearly unrecognizable, you pray that they’re dead already,” Ketch said. He spoke slowly, as if reciting a speech he had drafted but not rehearsed. “That you don’t have to make the choice, to drag it out or to end it there. We don’t see a lot of it — torture — in this job. At least, not on this ship, these kinds of missions. But it’s… everywhere, anyway. And we don’t involve ourselves. Because keep our agendas and technology and politics away and all that. But Dean did nothing wrong and they took him and we were supposed to just let that be?”
“Watch that one, Naomi,” Michael warns. He can see the entire circle and the fire inside it from his position on the silver terrace. He directs the Programmer’s gaze toward the good little soldier, smaller than most others, in the fourth ring. “He displays all the foretold signs.”
“Of course, with the disintegration of the Council, the planet is now struggling to unite under a new Chancellor.”
throwing them into the Academy, about how excited Dean had been to earn his own red shirt, about how Sammy flourished around other kids his age,
have healed, with the cost of knocking himself out cold for a good thirty minutes, and still required Singer’s services to mend the nerves around the wound. Instead the spike had pierced only organs, which Castiel believed he was particularly gifted at healing, as he could repair them to near perfection with a very efficient energy loss ratio.
There were many races of non-Terrans on Gehenna, but most of the felon-citizens were Klingons. Perdition, the penal colony’s capital, was particularly dense in the Klingon population. The city was an incredibly important hub for dilithium crystal exports, but the Federation had yet to strike a solid deal with the city’s flaky council and formidable Chancellor regarding a trade agreement.
“Weaker officers?” Dean made to sit up, baring his teeth at the science officer like a poked little rodent, but Bobby pushed him back down. Castiel raised an eyebrow as he observed.
Dean’s mouth went dry, his already nauseous stomach doing an extra flip. In his peripheral vision, he saw Castiel whip his head in his direction.
it’s a super big deal and I’m compromised by Ceti eels or something, okay? Just… no more frivolous head digging. It makes my skin crawl.”
Castiel’s brow was furrowed, one hand lifted to his temple. “It is well shielded. But there is a distinct pulse of energy I can detect in the east. We are nearby.”
“Hmm?” Dean glanced back at the science officer. His sharp eyebrows were once again drawn down in thought.
“I want you to have it,” Sam said. “It’s a protection amulet.” (That was made-up, but Sam said it with enough conviction that Dean seemed to believe him.) “It’ll protect you when we’re apart at the Academy.”
"I believe," Ketch announced after several minutes of debate, "we should storm the buildings and take them by surprise."
Sam didn’t turn the water off until he resembled a boiled lobster. Maybe he, too, could use a Seraph walling up memories in his head. Guilt was a cancer in his stomach, one he’d suffered his whole life — and he could easily go on suffering it. But maybe… Maybe he didn’t have to.
This is intended to be a Dean-and-Cas-centric fic, but I actually really enjoyed getting the opportunity to write more about Sam in this chapter. Therefore this pattern might continue.
On his way back to his quarters, Sam was disrupted from his storm of memories when he noticed Dean and Castiel at the far end of the hallway, their backs to him, walking side by side.
“Sir,” Castiel turned to Ellen, a distant look in his eyes. “This ship is a Seraphim vessel.” A collective murmur of confusion crossed the bridge as the science officer’s gaze wandered about in thoughtful concentration. “I can sense them. It is… Zachariah and Uriel.”
“Okay, I get it,” Dean said. Leave it to Sam to prove that no matter how sad Dean was, he could always get sadder.
“Yes,” Castiel said. “They are his children too. Whether they are undevout, or even disbelieve, I must have as much faith in their actions as I do the visions of the Great Father.”
“The queen actually secretes twice as much tenticular fluid as her subjects,” the Shurlian ambassador Chuck said through a mouthful of synthetic meatloaf. “It’s less efficient in battle, which I guess works out since she’s the queen, but it makes her… charms… sufficiently more potent. She’s too sticky for one of her pets to escape from, and too slimy for one to willingly stay.”
Since staring at his yellow buttons and barely-yellow sleeve for another eight hours was less than invigorating, Dean resorted to playing a round of “how many buttons can I see from this seat” to pass the time. He made it to 187 before catching a glimpse of the science station and performing a bombastic double-take worthy of a laugh track.
“Didn’t mean to scare you,” Singer said gently, putting a hand on Dean’s arm. Dean did not recoil, nor did he call him a “creep.” Castiel felt a hot twinge in his stomach, jolting him enough to disrupt his thought process. It was likely just a side effect of his impatience to return to the mission. “I would rather you tell us yourself, Dean. If you’re communicating, I’m trusting you.” The doctor turned his gaze to Castiel for his opinion. “Commander?”
His voice broke completely before he could finish the sentence, and he stepped away, hyperventilating, rubbing his hands over his face.
“You’re no warrior,” Dean concluded, stomach dropping as soon as the words passed his lips. To say that to a Klingon meant you were disgracing their honor, and disgracing their honor meant you were disparaging their lifeblood… it was a whole big thing, and it never did end pretty.
Castiel remained out of the surgeons’ way, avoiding looking closely at the body yet; he preferred to make a full assessment in private after the licensed medical officers had done all they could.
The guard gripped Kevin’s skinny arms in its tentacles, ogling so intently at the ensign’s lachrymose blubbering that it didn’t notice Charlie beneath it, stretching out for the key, her grasping fingertips coming just shy of the instrument.
“Shut your whore mouth,” Rufus muttered, leaving Sam’s personal space and continuing down the plateau. Sam noticed Dean was brushing his fingers over the indentation on his chest, where his amulet was nestled under his EV suit.
Castiel straightened at Dean’s side. He seemed to have gotten some strength back, but his face was still pale.
As he observed Harvelle marching Dean towards the group with Sam close behind them, Castiel caught Nurse Mill’s eye. He approximated her current emotional state to be a combination of doubt and anxiety.
“No one’s been inside in a month,” Fitzgerald said. “Although he never really let— lets— anyone in his room, anyway.”
Pilot the ship. Narrowly avoid freak meteor shower. Yell at younger brother about monitoring the blind spot but “professionally” because he’s technically a paid Starfleet officer, too.
Dean winced against the restraints, stretching his arms as straight as he could, and inched his leg out, trying to kick the key within Charlie’s reach. His thighs and left arm screamed with the strain, and Dean growled with frustration, toeing towards the key —
The damn pity cheeseburger. Dean’s new digestive track. And of course the heat exhaustion was nothing but a catalyst. Sam should have known.
But Dean was good at laughing at things that were stupid and ridiculous, about turning their mistakes into humor highlight reels. Or at least, he pretended to be, for Sam’s sake — but at this point, being fluent at pretending not to care was as useful a skill as not actually caring. Lying had never been Sam’s strong suit. He wasn’t going to pretend he wasn’t afraid.
to remind himself, though. The images just sort of popped up whenever he started to think poorly of Castiel. He would never forget those first days back... the way Castiel had curled over Dean and held his hands in his own...
“No,” Dean said, cradling his arm. He squinted his angry eyes at Castiel. “So you were just saving up for a big reveal the whole time?”
A vice-like grip pressed into Castiel’s temples and his limbs tingled with oncoming numbness. The prodding in the back of his nasal cavity intensified as if a worm were burrowing into his brain.
Klingon blood in his teeth. Entrails slipping through his fingers. Turning the corner and finding some poor bastard flayed to high heaven. Realizing the poor bastard was his brother.
. Dean had been too young to have any idea what Dad was saying back then, and after Dad’s wayward Azazel-hunting spree, when Starfleet reabsorbed the Winchesters into their masses, Dad had stopped saying it. Because he had missions to focus on. And the horror stories about the Seraphim that Dad told Dean were far outweighed by the horror stories about the Klingons. But distrusting the Klingons went without saying.
Captain Ellen Harvelle strolled into the transporter room just as the landing party’s molecules were rearranging themselves back into their proper forms. Her arms were folded and her face was set and Dean didn’t need to be a trained Starfleet officer to know which order would come out of her mouth first.
-chesters,” Dean muttered as the turbolift doors slid open. It was such a bad joke, Sam entered the bridge cackling.
“Captain,” Kevin interrupted. One hand was adjusting his earpiece as the other furiously tapped across the keys. “I am receiving a message from Starfleet Command.”
“Yeah, had a feelin’ we’d be counteracting it. They put somethin’ in his system, can’t for the life of me tell what it is. Jesus, the nerve damage here — sonic separator, please.”
Sam took a thirty minute shower while Dean went through his third Sick Bay ordeal of the past two days. Sam felt soiled in every sense of the word — soaked through with his own juices and the sticky mud of Vega Prime, splashed with Dean’s vomit, uneasy with the growing weight of intergalactic turmoil, and deeply disturbed by the way Ruby had mooned over him. He violently scrubbed his scalp until he worried his hair might start thinning.
They landed in a heap, the pain only setting in after Dean got his bearings. The ground was rocky, but the mud accompanying them had softened their impact.
“No, I… have a patient to attend to shortly.” Castiel said. Everybody on this ship seemed to be that patient’s brother or that patient’s close friend. Castiel would never understand the human need to complicate professional relationships so thoroughly, would never understand how easily the line between duty and emotion could be crossed. It was so very self-destructive of humans — it had gotten them into this mess in the first place. And now it was Castiel’s duty to heal the one human all four hundred of them had risked their jobs and their lives for. “…Um. M—my corpulences.”
Dean glanced around the walls at the hundreds of multi-colored paper snowflakes that were taped, strung, and hung about the bunker’s walls and sucked his teeth. “Not
“I can’t— do this.” He pushed his long hair back and turned to Castiel, his expression chaotic and pained. “You have to finish this.”
Dean — oh, and sorry about what you went through, word travels fast, but—” Ruby tripped over her words as she ogled Dean’s little brother. “
She collected herself, but remained awfully close to Sam’s side, eyeing him proudly. “He’s so cool,” she muttered, like a leaky faucet.
Even through video, it was improper for Castiel to meet her eyes. That was a strange difference, working with humans — the eye thing. Human eyes were meant to be studied; in fact, understanding humans proved more difficult without eye contact. Seraphim were the opposite.
Castiel stepped down, allowing the engineer to lead him toward the hallway while the other officer turned off the transporter machine. The transporter room was slick with puddles of blood. Castiel’s boots stuck slightly as he lifted them from the floor.
“A travelling saleswoman, and apparently a thief and smuggler, known as Bela Talbot,” Zachariah clarified. “She may have been human once. Had so many illegal genetic alterations, she likely qualifies as her own species entirely.”
“Need some forceps?” Sam joked, kneeling and offering his arms to lift the storage container’s contents.
She was as pallid as the other humans, but her mouth was set firm and her eyes pierced Castiel’s with intelligent clarity. Her voice remained steady, but the astonishing speed at which words rushed from her mouth betrayed her distress.
Every day, though it was pointless and exhausting, he tried to pry into Dean Winchester’s mind, to help ease him back into consciousness. He was stable enough now, physically, that consciousness was truly their next goal; far from fear of death and at risk only of pain that Doctor Singer’s medications would dull to easily tolerable levels, the only thing left to lose was, as Lt. Commander Bradbury had put it, “what made Dean
“I’m sick of your macho act,” Sam continued, pulling out the puppy eyes, which wasn’t fair. “You and Ketch are friggin’ children, Dean. I know you’ve been showing off and one-upping each other since the Academy, but it’s gotta stop somewhere.”
Castiel gently pushed Dean’s brother aside and gripped the iron spike, extracting the length from Dean’s abdomen in one smooth slide, and tossed it away. Castiel lifted the bloody tunic and pressed his hand against the hot, gaping wound. After a few seconds of exertion, Castiel felt the warm, static sensation of healing flesh under his palm and, suddenly, Dean was shoving him away.
“Ketch is a spoiled brat,” Dean dismissed. “So don’t give him the honor of being responsible for my—”
"My sensors indicate several buildings beyond these hills," Sam said, shoving past a still-kicking Dean to show his readings to Ellen.
Dean sat up, aching all over. His ankle was twisted weird, but he could manage. It hurt like a mother, but he could manage.
“Allies?” Ketch repeated, taking in the faces around him. He looked down and gasped. “Oh my God, I am on a bloody dog.”
“I was really hoping we wouldn’t have to come out here,” Dean admitted when he noticed Sam noticing him.
Castiel blinked. He must have tuned out for several moments, for Captain Harvelle was now excusing Mister Ketch, who pushed his chair back as he stood and wiped a hand over his face.
A very very bad and somewhat inaccurate analogy: the Federation is a public school district and Starfleet is a bunch of sixth graders on safety patrol.
I did not want to take such a long hiatus, but I had finals week, election week, got sick, and then the Supernatural finale happened, and then I had another finals week.
Ellen cleared her throat, still gracefully ignoring the awkward tension in the air, and pulled out her phaser to adjust a setting.
Dean was still hundreds of yards away at the tunnel entrance; he hadn’t been with the security officers running after him. His EV helmet was gone, the silvery suit partially ripped off, geysers of flame forming a barricade between him and Sam. Dean was being attacked: not by a Hellhound, but by a group of men.
Jo groaned, muttering several minor profanities under her breath as she marched toward the door, and whipped her head around to bid adieu to the team. When she caught Dean’s eye, she laughed. “I sneak away on one harmless little mission, and you’re gonna punish me and not my enablers?”
“Down, Dybbuk,” said the voice again, and Dean, still stunned, almost kneeled in response, until the Hellhound ducked its head and folded its legs to rest on the ground. The action revealed that the terrible hound had a rider — a small, dark-haired Klingon woman wearing classic gold chainmail armor — as well as four unconscious captives — two in red, one in blue, and one in Captain’s green — and one piece of precious cargo — the Seal.
Dean held back a whiny groan. “Cas, we’re gonna spend how many weeks together in this bunker? Sam likes his alone time every once in a while. He’s got a point. We’ll get sick of each other fast if we don’t hang out in moderation.” Castiel was still staring at him with The Face and Dean softened his shoulders. “I’ll play a board game with you later. But first I need to drink my beer and ruminate on everything I hate about the world in private.”
Sam Winchester spoke of gratitude and grief and guilt. Castiel remembered the way Sam, covered in Klingon blood at the interrogation table, had cursed so profanely at him when they first met. How Castiel, at the time, was just waiting for the moment Captain Harvelle would dismiss him to Sick Bay so he could examine the torture victim at the center of it all.
Dean opened the door. “Looks like it’s a good day,” he said, beelining for the tray in Sam’s hands and not even making eye contact. He retreated into the room, Sam following him before the door could slide shut.
“I am considering a mind meld,” Castiel said six hours later, sitting alone at the table in his private quarters, speaking to a small video of Naomi on his desktop viewscreen. This was only his second time speaking to her since he had joined the
hip out. It connected with the guard’s abdomen, and it screeched angrily, causing all the humans present to flinch. The room tilted and Dean gasped, the shock of hard rock meeting his ass only registering when he noticed the errant tentacle that had swept his feet out from under him.
Dean let silence take over for a moment, allowing himself to relax on the bed, while Cas allowed himself to relax in the chair. It was strange, Dean thought. Cas was the first person he’d let in his room since Sammy or a Random Alien of the Week, and he hadn’t even stopped to think about it. Cas knocked once and Dean let him in.
If Castiel had known the flayed body they’d recovered would one day cause him so much bewilderment, he would not have been so enthusiastic to assist in healing it.
“Azazel’s death,” Castiel said, stepping away from Dean to stand on his own. “Wanted by Federation authorities as he was, he was still a member of the Klingon High Council. His death skewed their politics into chaos, and factions arose to nominate—”
Of course, humans boasted much weaker constitutions than Seraphim. At the sight of the body, Lieutenant Winchester turned his face away, breathing hard. Singer put a hand on the younger officer’s knee and nodded for Castiel to focus on his work.
Dean let his neck relax, his head leaning back against the moist rock wall, and tried to ignore how much his whole body was hurting. His left arm remained noticeably weak, his legs significantly less flexible than they had been a few months ago, his breathing still labored despite Bobby’s specially prescribed workouts. But he was fine. Just out of practice. And, as Sam was so scrupulous in making note of, healing.
There were bad things to feel, as well. Gabriel had felt them. And later, Anael. Castiel did not. He was a good soldier.
Castiel scanned the officers who were now all clamoring to face him — aside from the tall one in blue, who was running his hands through his hair, leaning against a wall.
“Winchester,” Castiel said, following him. When Sam turned, he saw Castiel furrowing his brow, his distress even more prominent. “Your brother’s quarters are in the other direction.”
Bobby set the re-gen unit back against Dean’s chest, tracing the gash with the mouth of the device, a prickling, cool sensation following the flesh it stitched together.
“I don’t know.” Dean looked away. Cas was making that face again. The sad one. He didn’t like looking at it. “There’s gotta be something we can do.”
“Yeah, I can see that,” Sam laughed, pointing to Dean’s neck. “You always were a fan of that vintage… what’d you call it? Hentai?” He sobered sweetly following Dean’s resulting glower. “You’re
The key moved, the tiniest slide across the floor, and it disappeared in seconds beneath Charlie’s fist. Dean released a tense breath, his body swinging back to a vertical position beneath his cuffs, every joint threatening to give out with pain, but the valiant smile Charlie gave him as she repositioned the key in her hand made it worth it. Kevin, meanwhile, was being lifted back to his cuffs by the Rosencian’s tentacles, tears streaming down his cheeks and one eye already puffy, looking to become a goliath of a shiner. Charlie swung her arm up, stabbing the soft flesh inside the Rosencian’s knee with the little key, and the leg pinning her to the floor was immediately flung away with a shrill howl. She scrambled up to Dean, unlocking his cuffs while the Rosencian was distracted with its injured leg and Kevin’s deafening wails.
Dean switched gears, wandering over to Sam and yanking up a frequency on his tricorder to screw with the readings on his brother’s machine. Sam elbowed Dean in the side and gave him the evil eye. Dean elbowed him back. Sam swiftly kicked him in the shin.
Although, all previous violent incidents on these Seal missions had been due to imposters or Dean plain fucking up.
Sam scoffed, looking up at the ceiling. His eyes were glistening. This human cried a great deal. “He’s such an ungrateful jerk.”
He realigned Dean Winchester’s teeth, filling out the chipped incisors into their perfect square shapes. He sculpted his lips back into their natural appearance, which glistened and came to rest calmly,
Dean concurred, and, having heard enough of the conversation and being a fairly poor contributor to it, took the opportunity to slip away behind a boulder and get a better view of these mysterious buildings. He began following the curve of an abrupt hill down for about a hundred yards until he came up behind another boulder. Peering around the edge, he found he was just outside of a dark stone building. Tricorders were great and all, but there was nothing like a little look-see to help form a proper plan.
Dean tried not to roll his eyes at the mention of the Seals’ spirituality. He wasn’t usually such a dick of an atheist, but if Castiel was gonna keep bringing up praying and the Celestial Father and the great spiritual power of the Seals all the time, Dean would lose his mind.
Dean found himself at a loss for words, not sure how to explain that was exactly what was pissing him off, how he couldn’t get the image of a crimson-clad John Winchester out of his mind, how Dean had spent his whole life fighting to control his future and only now was realizing how much agency he no longer had.
so soon, Naomi had informed him, was his proficiency at damage control. This was too much for humans to handle.
Dean would admit that he was a little offended. He would also admit he probably deserved it after all the times he’d insulted Cas to his face. “If you think I’m creepy, then yes.”
“I didn’t,” Dean insisted. His fingers ghosted over the bloodstain on his tunic and he glanced at Castiel. “No, I… kind of had an… accident…” Dean forced out an awkward laugh. “
was much more complicated. Merging a Seraph mind with that of a human opened thousands of channels for — as Hester had once put it — “cross-contamination.” The introduction of deep emotions, doubts, faithlessness, and other human flaws could all too easily compromise a Seraph’s integrity. The risks, in almost every case, outweighed the rewards. Anael was one of the last to attempt a mind meld. While it hadn’t directly caused her fall from Grace, the event and its unchecked side effects fit distinctly within her pattern of dissension. That pattern had led to the termination of her life.
Crowley hummed thoughtfully, and Dean studied him, his stomach twisting itself in knots, waiting for the moment he’d reveal his intentions to be just as hostile as Meg’s.
Sam had started documenting Dean’s dream quotes years ago, when things were more normal, and Dean’s sleep outbursts were limited to random laughter and perplexingly sophisticated exclamations. Once the hunters had taken a single room at a motel that was otherwise completely booked, and Dean had been fitfully sleeping on the couch. Around one in the morning, as Sam and Castiel were studying the origins of sirens, Dean called out angrily into the night:
. This entire month he’d known Castiel, Dean found the Seraph a cold-hearted and soulless ass. Now he was giggling at him because — this was so ridiculous — what if Cas’s dry sarcasm had been an act the whole damn time? Even Zachariah had insulted him for lacking a sense of humor. Dean had suspected Castiel was a double agent, some harbinger of doom, but maybe he was just trying to hide that he was kind of human.
Sam just sat on the bed, watching Dean, not reacting at all save for the subtle bob of his Adam’s apple. Lying to Sam sucked. Because Dean knew Sam never believed him, but Sam would always pretend like he did. And he was very, very bad at pretending. Both brothers knew what was really going on here, but Dean wasn’t about to say
you back in the field. That’s why she tossed you on a harmless little mission to get your head in the game.”
“I thank you all — I know it’s the hundredth time — but I thank you all for helping him,” Lieutenant Winchester said. He paused for a shaky breath. “But I know it takes a toll on you. I know it does. And what I think I need to say today, is that it seems we’re always holding back what we feel so that — so that the person we’re sitting next to doesn’t have to feel that too. But we’re all waiting, just waiting for someone else to say that they’re sad. Because we’re all sad.”
Castiel turned as the doors slid shut behind Doctor Singer, who was holding a cup of coffee, his face paling beneath his scraggly beard.
The interrogation room was clinically intimate. A single light illuminated the logbook that was installed in the center of the room’s single table. Two chairs sat on opposite sides of this table, one empty, one occupied by the Captain. Castiel remained back a few steps, in faint shadow.
and I got no problemo diggin’ it out. We just gotta mow some grass.” He tossed back his mullet to let some air on his neck and looked to Castiel. “Confirmation, Mister Castiel?”
Dean knew that couldn’t be further from the truth, but he decided against pressing too hard for more backstory today. “Still think that taboo battle royale prophecy of yours is creepy as shit.”
Up to and including the moment the landing party heard Dean’s scream, Castiel was in the process of compiling a list of the confounding perplexities of humankind.
“I mean, don’t, uh… don’t you want Dean taking the helm?” Sam had stuttered stupidly. “He’s third officer, and all—”
Sam dressed himself, downed a whopping glass of ice water, and passed by Sick Bay again to retrieve his brother. Dean shuffled out looking much cleaner and healthier than he had half an hour ago, although he was cradling his midsection, and dark bags lurked under his eyes.
“Long ago, these people engaged in a civil war,” Castiel said. “Although they’re a pacifist society now, some of their old traps may still be buried and active. It would be a logical place to store an expensive and illegal purchase.”
“Here,” Dean said, offering Castiel a hand. He grabbed it. Both of them were in so much pain, they nearly took each other back down. With Sam’s assistance, they remained standing, albeit wobbly.
“My duty is to assist in resolving the Gehennian conflict to the best of my abilities,” Castiel said. “And it is also my duty to save Dean Winchester.”
“More or less,” Chuck nodded. “Oh, and her name was B’Ekki. Isn’t that funny? I don’t usually jest at foreign names, but I thought it was funny.” He shook his head, his gaze distant, and laughed softly. “'
“I swear to God, Ketch,” Dean hissed, doing a record fast count to ten in his head to stop himself from wringing the Brit’s neck. “Are you gonna help me get back on security, or what?”
“Dean has not reported any specific vivid memories,” Castiel said. He thought of a half-dead body soaking a biobed with crimson, of a splintered arm, of the nonsense words and sobbing babble spewing out of the victim’s chapped and bleeding lips. He glanced at Dean. His arms were crossed and his lips pouty. “I do not need to read his mind to verify that he’s telling the truth.”
was the one who burdened Castiel’s logic like satellite interference, throwing incoherent gibberish into the Seraph’s thought process.
“Of course,” Castiel said. “Although respect is required regardless of our unfortunate arrangement.”
Cas cocked his head, his vividly blue eyes locked onto Dean’s. “If I described working with you… as ‘creepy’...” he paused as if expecting Dean to lash out. “Would I be using the term appropriately?”
Bradbury grabbed Castiel by the arm just as he was stepping inside the room. He stared at her, but she did not acknowledge her breach of authority.
It wasn’t related to anything human this time, though, because Castiel’s ears were ringing faintly, the whites in his field of vision glowing just a little brighter. The Seal was nearby. Castiel looked around, studying the lone black building and the hills it was nestled in, before returning to the group with Dean’s tricorder.
Sam blinked and swallowed. Perhaps, Dean realized, it was a bit low to pull that card on the one guy who had gone through the most trouble to bring him home.
“If an officer were gravely injured, and there were no medic present, I would not ask permission before attempting to heal them to the best of my abilities,” Castiel interjected. “Those are my orders. From both Doctor Singer and Captain Harvelle.”
Sam put his spoon down and dumped the rest of his rice krispies into his mouth. “We’re doing it,” He said through the mouthful, standing and bringing his dishes to the sink. He brushed past Dean and Castiel and rapped on the table with his knuckles as he passed. “If you guys need me, I’ll be evening out the layers above my ears.”
“Ketch,” the engineer called as they drew near. A security officer turned around. He boasted a gash in his forehead, and several over his torso. He was drenched not only in crimson human blood but the bright fuchsia of a Klingon’s.
Dean attempted to help Sam to his feet, but his ankle gave out beneath him, and it ended up being Sam who helped Dean up. Castiel groaned from the ground.
Ellen, Sam, Ash, and Jody had the decency not to remark on Dean’s apparent cooperation when he and Castiel strode into the transporter room. Ketch did not.
“Dean is fully healed," Castiel said, "although Doctor Singer has prescribed a diet of bland foods for the next three days—"
“No, it was funny,” Dean said hastily. He smiled, displaying the gap in his teeth where his last canine still refused to grow in. “You’re funny, Sammy.”
Sam caught Dean by the leg, dangling from him like a desperate spider in a hurricane. Dean’s hands slipped under the added weight, and he tightened his grip on the root, but then another blue blur appeared on his other side—
going to be a piece of cake. He flailed his legs furiously at the Rosencian’s hip area as the appendage tightened against his windpipe, hoping his heel would hit some sensitive bundle of nerves. Fuck proper fighting etiquette, Dean Winchester would not die getting asphyxiated by
“I didn’t see the logic in waiting for a temporary balm,” he explained hastily. “You may scan him, of course, but he is healed.”
“I am aware,” Castiel said, avoiding a few human blurs that nearly collided with him. The hallway was frantic with traffic and movement and emotion. A sticky crimson trail beneath their feet led like a string of fate down the corridor. Of all the ways to be introduced to a new crew, this by far had to be the most fascinating. “How severe is it?”
Castiel introduced himself to the bridge. While most officers — with the exception of navigator Sam Winchester, who was absent — manned their stations, every single one stared with a blank bleakness Castiel had grown to understand was rather undesirable in humans. The
The Face puts their tongue on his cheek. Drags their hot breath, mouth, teeth through his hair and over his skin. He just holds on holds on holds on. His stomach — which, he remembers now, was dangling outside his abdomen last time his eyes were open — jostles about inside him with the rotation of the room. He’d be sick but they won’t let him get sick. And while he’s spinning, dizzy, dizzy, dizzy, the knives complete their square, and — and a thick sheet of skin is peeled off — he’s screaming—
“We will agree to your terms,” Alastair had said at long last, shaking Rufus’ hand one final time. “But you must speak to the warden for a
Dean narrowed his eyes at the Seraph as Bobby probed around his navel using an instrument with a name he couldn’t remember. “And you knew about this?”
“Oh.” Dean’s arm had reached down for the safe beneath his bed, but he now let it fall limp as if he had intended on just swinging it off the mattress all along. “I mean, of course.”
Thank you all so so so much for reading this. It's a great ball of fun for me and I hope it is for others as well.
“Oh, I’ve got it,” Meg smiled, tossing a thumb back to her captives. “One Seal for the war machine, one Starfleet captain for Lilith, two expendables for Dybbuk kibble.” She gave the Hellhound a scratch behind its ears. It bared its teeth and snarled at Dean. “Now, you…” Her dark eyes widened and she gasped. “A Seraph? And a weak one, too! Isn’t this my lucky day.”
WARNINGS: Somewhat graphic gore (no violence). Medical trauma. See tags, but mostly the dubious science tag. Standard SPN gore, more severe by 60s Star Trek standards.
, currently, was running. Fleeing the wrath of rogue terrorist groups on Gehenna, conservative zealots of Kronos, and ultimately, possible repercussions from the Federation. Rufus Turner had died hardly twelve hours prior, blasted apart in the detonation of a bomb he created himself. The reports following his death remained hazy — the
Dean was gonna have to tease him later about how Neanderthalian he looked when those giant shoulders and long locks were illuminated by cavern torchlight, but for now, Dean just wanted a hug.
type cartoony, but definitely a male voice, and, uh… don’t know what exactly he said, really. But, you know, it was totally creepy.”
According to Doctor Singer’s analysis, Dean would be fine, but his new and improved intestines would require an especially gentle diet for a while.
Jo leaned forward. “But if the rumors are true, and Project Genesis is the galaxy’s endgame, what side do you choose? Klingons or Seraphim? Or would you stick with the Starfleet humans?”
Captain Harvelle held up a finger to Castiel, then waved away the rest of the landing party, ordering them to stations and the mess hall. She turned back to Castiel and put her hands on her hips. “So, what do we do?”
The idea of Castiel and John Winchester locking eyes — even if one was just a painting, and dead anyway — was embarrassing. “Yeah.”
“Call me Crowley.” The Klingon let his gun-toting arm relax at his side and shifted his weight to one leg. His swagger-to-height ratio was ridiculously disproportionate, which somehow made him rather intimidating.
This kind of task was always unpleasant, and he had never attempted a healing of this scale, but it was good to feel useful. It was good to be proud. It was good to feel one was doing right. Confirming the position of the chair behind him, Castiel took a deep breath and pressed two fingers against Dean Winchester’s forehead. With a prayer to the Great Father, his Grace breached the gap between their bodies.
“Yes, you have a point,” Meg said lightly, pursing her lips. “You two I don’t need.” She whipped a disruptor gun from her belt loop and pointed it straight at Dean.
“Almost, but not quite,” Chuck’s eyes narrowed as he searched for the perfect word. “Distressed to the point of false worship in hopes one would be spared of her wrath.”
More mud slid down the steep bluff, as if whatever Dean had stepped on triggered a whole landslide. Just as the Hellhound roared — it was right at the edge of the bluff, they could smell its rancid breath — Castiel and Sam’s combined weight became too much for Dean’s bad shoulder and he let go, all three officers shooting down the slimy incline.
“So, we’ll storm, but we’ll do so with caution,” Ellen sighed. “Ketch, Mick, Jody, I’ll take you up around that hill to study those buildings, and you four will head down there. Analyze the traps and then report back to me, and we’ll formulate an infiltration strategy. Got it?”
“Cut conservatively,” Dean called as his brother disappeared. He glanced at Castiel knowingly. “Pretty soon Sam’s not gonna have any hair left at all. Then we’ll know it’s the Apocalypse.”
“Yeah,” Dean said. He was covered in gallons of bodily fluids and undoubtedly indistinguishable from a porcine biped. Meanwhile, Castiel… What twisted science experiments did the Seraphim undergo to cultivate a genetic code so capable and flawless as his? Castiel’s perfect complexion made Dean want to puke. “Don’t look so bad yourself,” Dean spat, trudging after Sam, “Sir.”
“He passed out just moments ago,” Castiel explained. “He was incoherent. I fear he may grow violent if it happens again. I advise we end it now before it worsens—”
“I found a fascinating tutorial on how to make dream catchers this morning,” Castiel said instead, changing the subject.
“Is there any reason we can’t discuss this on the ship?” Sam asked with a breathy laugh. He was so sweaty, Dean could nearly see his own reflection in his skin. Dean’s stomach cramped, his throat tasting of bile, a likely warning of impending heat stroke.
“My whole body is on fire,” Kevin insisted, although his shirtless shivering suggested otherwise. “Captain, please, never send me on one of these things again. I’m basically their chew toy.”
Dean blinked. “I did, too.” The last time Sam would have seen it, the thing was hanging around Dean’s neck, and Dean was being beaten and gagged by Gehennian slave traffickers. Dean had no memory of what happened to it afterwards and therefore had no idea how it ended up on his floor. “Guess I brought it back up with me.”
“Aren’t you?” Sam asked sourly. Dean had practically gone supernova with excitement when Dad announced they were abandoning their nomadic life on the
expression. It seemed to work on the Rosencian, however, and to Dean’s relief, it turned to Kevin with a concerned look on its bulbous face, the tentacles gently setting down the tray of gruel and the pitcher. It signed something at the ensign while Charlie continued to writhe and moan, recognizing that Kevin, out of the four prisoners, was the only one capable of communicating in something other than Standard.
“No,” Anna said. Her flaming red hair was twisted up like a giant pretzel on her head. “Not me personally. Azazel is on the Federation watchlist. Starfleet has a trained squadron dispatched to intercept him. I will be leaving the
Dean had told him over breakfast, after Castiel had struggled — more so than usual — to pick up on the nuances of human communication.
“One question at a time, please, give everyone a turn,” Crowley said lightly. “And besides, good sirs, you have me at a disadvantage.”
had to cringe at his patheticness. Castiel simply raised an eyebrow and extended his hand towards Dean.
His shiny eyelids fluttered shut and his head dropped back against the biobed, his hand slipping from Castiel’s neck to fall heavily on his chest. Castiel straightened and stood, thoughts racing and head pounding.
I'm very sorry about the delay. I finally got the new Animal Crossing and my focus has been uhhhhhhh occupied elsewhere. I am in love with Weber the duck. In all honestly, I do have a valid reason, being that my college just announced first-years will be learning remotely in the fall. Big bummer. So I spent my normal upload days cleaning out my entire room to turn it into a dorm.
Dean opened his mouth, then snapped it shut again, fiddling with the bloodied hem of his shirt. He glanced in Castiel’s direction through his long lashes, worrying his lower lip between his teeth.
The helmsman thudded the heel of his boot against the trunk of the biobed while his mind worked. Castiel was not sure if he was searching for the words to describe his accident, if he was having emotional difficulty reliving it, or if he was struggling to remember it at all. It would be so much easier if Castiel just put his hand on Dean’s face and sifted through his memories — quick, surgical, simple. Castiel would be out of sickbay and back to retrieving the Seal in less than a minute.
Dean opened the fridge and pulled out a beer, assuming Castiel would refuse one if he offered. To his surprise, Castiel took the bottle from him. Dean blinked and reached into the fridge for a beer of his own.
He pulled out the photo and gave it to Cas, who held the image like a fragile document. Mom was pregnant with Sammy in that picture, but you couldn’t tell unless you knew what date it was taken, because she was hugging Dean against her bump. He had just turned four and his hair, chopped in a straight line above his eyebrows, was still the kind of blonde that blinded people in sunlight. Now with his hair all silty, Dean more closely resembled his dad, but at age four he could’ve been his mom’s little clone.
and therefore, Elysium. I don’t want Lilith to get Genesis, or the Seals, any more than you do. I want to join the Federation, and to do that, I need the Federation to
Castiel requested to stop by the victim’s private quarters. The officers escorted him there immediately.
This chapter was supposed to have twice as much content as it ended up having but I think it worked out better this way. Sometimes I try to cram too much in at once. As I'm sure you all have noticed. :D (Also sorry for the chapter re-upload, I made some edits.)
If Castiel had known the flayed body they’d recovered would one day cause him so much bewilderment, he would not have been so enthusiastic to assist in healing it.
“Will you tell me what you’ve been dreaming about?” Castiel prodded, a somewhat mischievous grin crossing his face. “You rarely sing when you’re awake. Forgive me for being immensely curious.”
“...Aaaand looks like it’s a bad day after all.” Dean smacked his lips and put the burger back on the tray.
Dean had meant that light-heartedly, but it was laced with such bitterness, even Cas noticed. The Seraph’s brow furrowed, and he looked at his hands, palm-down on his thighs.
Sam had spoken to her quite a bit lately. After Jessica died, after he came back to Starfleet, it was his way of justifying that choice.
“Anything can help new eyes or advice or maybe we should calm down the crew we have to start the testimonies I gave Jo the helm Starfleet’s gonna kill me for all this but I don’t give a damn.”
“Rosencians are a punctual species,” Castiel explained, shutting off his tricorder and pulling out his communicator. “They eat their first meal at 0600 hours, and per custom, that happens to be the one meal during which they feed their prisoners. We did not bother to retrieve you sooner because Rosencians do not harm their prisoners unless provoked.” Castiel made a display of turning his head from the unconscious guard on the cave floor to a deeply accusatory glare at Dean. “Physically
The blades carve into him slowly, descending in complete synchronization. Figure skating. There are three today. Maybe more. He can’t tell because he thinks his eyes are inside out, like watching himself be dissected through the reflection of a spoon.
he’d been overtaken and tied up plenty of times on a regular basis. Maybe this was a good thing. Proof he was back in business. And he didn’t even need his red tunic to prove it.
Sam smiled proudly, even though his face was still puffy and hot from the final throes of his tantrum.
Dean ordered a new tunic from the replicator slot in his wall and threw it on, then made it from Deck Five to the Bridge within two minutes. When the turbolift doors opened, Dean stepped out with his hands clasped behind his back, trying to look chill. He was fine and he would prove it.
Dean shook his head as if it didn’t matter and looked down. Sam pressed his lips together tight. Dean was so annoying.
Ellen chuckled. “Real slick, Lieutenant Commander, but you’re not getting back on the security team that easily. No helmsman should have that much power.” Just as Dean began to protest, Ellen cut him off. “All you’ve done is prove to me that I made the right decision swapping your responsibilities. Which leads me to my next question.” She took a step out, addressing the entire landing party. “What is wrong with all of you?”
“Right back at ya.” Dean put his mom’s photo in his bedside drawer, then swung his legs up on the bed, letting their swivel throw his body back against the mattress. “What’s your opinion on Romulan Ale?”
“The Seal!” Castiel protested. Dean gritted his teeth and halted, sparing a glance back. Castiel was standing in the hole, looking back and forth between Dean and the ceramic box awkwardly.
But that was an untruth as well. He was not “annoying”; not like Castiel initially thought. He was simply… complex. It was naive to label complexities annoying.
Cas's wide blue eyes finally shifted away from Dean’s to study his room, wandering dispassionately until eventually settling on the framed portrait. “Is that your father?”
“I highly doubt it,” Dean muttered. “Whatever. Mission in ten, Ellen wants teamwork, I want Ellen to like me, I assume you wanna do your job. So, voila. Let’s go.”
“You’re gonna hafta get over your irrational fear of non-human abilities if you ever want the captain to take you seriously on an away trip again,” Bobby said, pulling back the re-gen machine to study the newly complete skin of Dean’s chest. He picked up an anti-inflammatory salve, addressing the goose egg on his temple and bruises at his throat. “What’ll you do if you get injured on an exploratory mission and the nearest medic is twenty miles away?”
“You caved?” Ketch smirked. He made an obnoxious little hand movement. “Relinquished your agency already? I knew you had a thing for dominant partners, but—”
Dean shook his head. After the Iowa caucuses, Castiel had become incredibly interested in politics, and although it was at times entertaining, it was also exhausting. “I think Bernie’s a cool guy too, Cas, but when have politicians ever solved anything? We’re the only ones whose relief plans ever actually fix shit.”
Winchester entered the room and lowered himself into the seat. Although his skin was washed, he still stunk of death, his blue tunic mottled with various species’ blood ranging in color from violet to red to pink to green. Castiel slid the door shut and returned to his position. Winchester continued glancing fervently at Castiel, all the while carefully avoiding eye contact, jiggling one knee with his hands folded on the table. When Harvelle still did not initiate the interview after several seconds, Castiel prompted her.
I saw,” Dean said, brow furrowed. “There were flashes, just silhouettes and a dark room, pretty, uh, pretty nondescript.” He swallowed. “I know I heard a voice. A twisted, almost…
in a way it never had after a healing. There was something… something he felt he should remember. Something smoky, something different, something wrong. Castiel turned his head to stare at Dean Winchester’s face, the shiny curved eyelids and distinctly shaped lips. Castiel remembered the string of nonsense words Dean had muttered yesterday that he did not know, but knew he should have.
"To Hell with the oldest rule," Rufus harrumphed. He shot a glare at Dean, as well. “The legacy of your daddy is counting on me, and I keep my word, boy. If either of you fuck up, I’m blaming
In a book, or in a lecture, the city of Perdition was fascinating. In person, it was still fascinating, but in a much fouler, disturbing, and distressing sense.
Castiel stopped a respectful yard from the table, hands clasped behind his back and head cocked in what might have been intended as a greeting. Sam couldn’t help but admire the variation of Seraphim personalities he’d seen despite all the stories John had told him. Uriel’s apathy ran cold and smooth, whereas Zachariah’s was like a flaming centrifuge. Castiel was like a swan had been stuffed into a bipedal body and was being forced to pose as a humanoid.
After Dean nearly vaporized a six-legged koala-like creature in its own nest, he turned to Castiel tiredly.
“He is still agitated and I do not have the sufficient experience to adjust my approach accordingly,” Castiel continued. “I have never done…
The Seraph’s image cut out, replaced onscreen by an expanse of freckled stars. A collective sigh of relief rolled across the bridge.
Dean touched his stomach, thought of his sore shoulder and tight muscles, and felt a chill over his skin. Dean knew Castiel was doing his job and all, but he still couldn’t help but
. For a guy who had been tortured for a month, he could still hold his own like nobody’s business. As Charlie had so graciously pointed out, even before his
looking around,” Dean spat in the general direction of the captain. “And I’m not an idiot, I was plotting out the traps, it wasn’t like I was just gonna
The dwarf planet Gehenna was an ashy little thing, all scat-brown and flesh-reddish, thick with the stench of sulfur and benzene. It suffered from two variations of chronic acne — the pitted patterns of volcanoes and craters, and the pimply constellations of recently-founded industrial cities. Total population: 40,000 untouchables from across the alpha and beta sectors, abandoned by their people forever to serve penance in the infernal dilithium mines.
, beneath the blotted lights and flashes of knives and faceless figures looming, holding, prying, peering, touching touching touching.
There were nearly four hundred officers gathered in the gymnasium, stacked in the bleachers and filling the temporary seats arranged in the center of the room. Castiel stood in the back corner, partially obscured by the bleachers, positioned at the door. Captain Harvelle had told him to act as a sentinel, but he wasn’t guarding anything, and taking into account the “look” she gave him he deduced that Captain Harvelle actually meant he was free to leave if he found it appropriate.
Castiel had learned at the Academy that humans formed trust with others who initiated physical contact. As he and Dean started to step off their landing pads, Castiel trusted an instinct, and reached out to softly touch his shoulder while they walked.
was the only ship in the quadrant. Didn’t it always work out that way? Some Shurlian ambassador had sent himself to the wrong planet, fucked up when interacting with the locals, and more or less been enslaved as some sort of pet for the queen of the Rosencians: a tribe of bipedal, two-armed, two-tentacled matriarchs, strict isolationists who only communicated in a non-verbal language not offered in traditional Academy courses.
“New extremists arose, as they do.” Crowley said. “And factions with them. The vast majority are those desperate to maintain the status quo, but they lack a real leader. And then there are the progressives — or rather, practical-minded atheists, followers of—” he did a tiny curtsy, “—yours truly. And then there are the fanatics, like Meg here: Neo-conservative religious zealots who adored Azazel, intent on reviving our old ways, followers of our newest psychopath, Lilith. But I believe Starfleet knew the gist of all this, what with your recent efforts to reach out to Gehenna.”
“I thought you would be excited to leave,” Dean said quietly. His voice cracked. It was doing that a lot lately, but this time it sounded different. When Sam glanced up at him, he saw Dean was very tense.
“Sammy?” Dean’s heart rate quickened and he moved closer to his brother, wincing when his twisted ankle protested.
Sam was still perplexed at how somebody so focused on professionalism could care so little about the appearance of his hair. Sam himself liked to tease the limits of regulation, but… it was like Castiel didn’t even own a mirror.
“We’ll have a good laugh about this one on the bridge,” Charlie murmured before dropping her head in the display they’d agreed upon earlier, the others going limp as the footsteps drew closer.
This Hellhound was larger than any Dean had seen before, larger even than the one on Gehenna, and in the direct sunlight all of its disgusting features were completely visible. Its beady eyes were blood-red, the drooling fangs up to ten inches long, the charcoal fur rippling with the thick muscles underneath.
“I am not coming to you for advice,” Castiel said curtly. Sam glanced up. Castiel looked, for lack of a less human adjective, distressed. “I am asking for your help.”
“I would like to proceed with the examination,” Castiel said flatly, and Dean had to give it to him: he was patient, and he was precise, and he knew when to get a show on the road. Even if it would kill him to laugh at one shitty joke.
Dean choked around the feeding tube again, sending himself into a wet coughing fit. Castiel forced his face away, calling to Doctor Singer again, and only when his voice echoed in the empty Sick Bay did he realize the man must have finally stepped out for his lunch break while Castiel had been transfixed on Dean’s recovery.
As Ellen pulled the Seraph aside, taking his tricorder to study, Dean narrowed his eyes at Ketch. “So.”
Castiel retracted his hand, wet with the sweat from Dean’s palm, a rather unsettling sensation. “Are you hurt?”
Dean lifted his head, and Sam was finally close enough that he could see his face clearly; the broken nose, the blood bubbling from his lips, the fear in his eyes. Something glinted on his chest: the amulet, swinging about wildly. In the firelight, it was practically glowing.
Sam shook his head. The brothers made their way to the turbolift in silence, but it wasn’t uncomfortable. For the first time in a while, actually, Sam was starting to feel calm. Grateful, almost. When the scarlet turbolift doors shut behind them, Sam smiled.
“No chances,” Harvelle said, approaching Castiel and taking the tricorder from his hands. She handed it to Mister Ketch, who seemed to be enjoying watching the drama unfold. “Castiel, your orders are to take Dean up to sickbay, do your routine thing, and then report back to me.”
Dean’s anguished scream echoing over the grassy hills both worsened Castiel’s headache and contributed several more frustrating bullets to his ever-lengthening list. As he followed Dean’s brother down the hill, Castiel pondered, for neither the first nor last time, why any recovering ex-torturee would be so desperate to get back into action if they were going to be this reckless about it.
Well, better to take offense later than sooner, because at least now the backup was awake. Dean set his jaw and looked to Ruby, preparing his “Defend Dad’s Honor” speech in his mind.
Even though the recap was brief, when Ash started derailing the conversation with his inquiries about Crowley’s special freeze ray —
“The, uh, Seraph, Castiel, I think you’d like him, actually,” Sam said. “I don’t mind him. Dean, for some reason, can’t stand him, which is hilarious, really, because— you should see them together. They
They had beamed into a small clearing lit by the glaring white sun, but after a few yards, the sticky bluish dirt was engulfed in a thick growth of trees, where the light seemed to disappear completely under the dense canopy.
Rufus leaned in close. Sam knew if they weren’t wearing these ridiculous helmets, there would be spit flying between them.
He snatched a few books from his shelf and threw them across the room. Then he threw his baseball. His laundry hamper. His communicator. Just as he was about to throw his Idolian amulet, he redirected his aim toward the bed, torpedoing the fragile artifact into the covers instead of the wall.
“Too soon to say,” Michael says. “But the Plan is in motion. In eighty solar cycles, the time will come. You know your orders.”
I also feel compelled to mention this now instead of later — if you're wondering why this is already listed as part of a series, it's because once I finish (or abandon, god forbid) this story, I want to write smaller "case" fics set in this same universe. I had a lot of ideas for this story I had to scrap once I settled on a plot, but there's still enough meat that I could write episode-style vignettes. I just love Star Trek so much!
“Not like there’s any sunlight streaming into the bunker to evaporate my bad dreams in the first place,” Dean remarked. “I haven’t been having nightmares lately, anyway, but if you’re gonna make some dream catchers, I’m not gonna stop you, Cas.”
“Eh, shut up,” Dean said. “The alley was for cover, the sensors worked perfectly, and if you hadn’t dropped your weapon we’d have been killed on sight. So you’re welcome. Kev, we got Ketch, Sam, and a Seraph looking for us. We’ll be fine.”
Omitting their surnames would theoretically avoid having them tied to that whole Azazel thing — there was no telling how any individual Klingon would react to finding out that the Winchester who Did That was their father — and introducing Castiel with something more human-sounding would, Dean hoped, hide his status as a Seraph. Because whatever Meg was saying about being broken and claiming Genesis sounded game-changing, and it would be nice to just handle one thing at a time without making that worse.
“Why…” Dean glanced between Castiel, Crowley, Meg, and that disgusting dog. “If Lucifer was one of the first Seraphim, why do the
“It is not,” Naomi said. “No medical license can prepare one a non-Seraphim to oversee a mind meld.”
Castiel suddenly appeared at Sam’s side, one hand hovering over his little brother’s busted leg. Dean’s head shot up on instinct, but Castiel’s intense glare shut down any rising protest immediately. The Seraph gently laid his hand on Sam’s thigh, above the wound, and leaned down so Sam could hear him.
Ellen slid off the Hellhound, her eyes full of suspicion, but no doubt connecting all the dots much faster than Dean had been able to.
