Miles leaned forward near Steve’s face, looked him in the face, and rolled his eyes as slowly as he could.
Steve kept repeating the honest words to him, hoping that Tony felt them. He had never felt those words so strongly, until now when he was saying them to the man he truly cherished and loved.
Natasha handed the untangled fairy lights to Clint, who was now searching for a ladder to set them up. She turned to Steve and looked down at her phone, reading out the messages.
Yes, I know that Bekah's decision may not be realistic, so I'm sorry, but that's how I wanted that situation to pan out. But hey she's on a healthy road to recovery and making an impact!
“It doesn’t seem like much of a compromise, if we only have basically two weeks left to decide,” Steve argued. “That’s not compromising?”
Nick stood and said to them all, “Well it looks like you all have a decision to make. Don’t make the stupid one.”
“Please at least don’t leave a mark. My wife likes me the way I am,” Isak laughed, all seemingly unconcerned with the knife currently pressed on his lower lip.
Steve stifled a noise of discontent over how drained Tony sounded. “Hey sweetheart it’s me. Did Cali tell you we’re close to finding you, hmm?”
Clint nodded his head. “Yes, but you used 651 Lego blocks. I believe the maximum was 650. I am afraid that-”
Marley tilted back her head and grabbed her cup containing apple juice. She swishes it around two times, sniffed it, then took a sip.
Rhodey wiped an imaginary tear from his eyes. “Pepper that was beautiful. Seriously, I wish I had recorded that.”
Steve looked at her unsure how to answer the question. Instead he walked away and went to tell Julie and Harley to start heading to the car. The car ride back to Karen’s was spent in silence. Harley stared blankly out the window and Julie had tried consoling him, but had decided it was best to give him his space. When they arrived back, Ms. Karen looked at them curious as to why they were back so early. Natasha and Julie stayed behind to talk as Steve followed Harley to his room.
“It’s from Steve,” Tony whispered not liking how Miles seemed to perk up. Maybe he needed to lessen the time spent between those two. Oh, wait he didn’t need to because Steve left.
He had time to reflect, many times spent talking to his therapist. He really ought to give his therapist a raise, he began to think. Either way, he was tired of this rift between them. It had been tearing him apart for the longest.
“FRIDAY can you go through the video footage of tonight’s party on the television?” Natasha questioned. Nothing Steve’s curious glance, she explained. “I always make sure there are means of recording. Granted I only placed some cameras in the ballroom, but each face had to have passed a camera at least one. FRIDAY scan for facial recognition.”
“Since, when did this become a table conversation,” Steve muttered to himself. “Can you three please quiet down? I don’t want the whole table knowing.”
He looked at the time and shockingly observed that it had become the next morning. All this adrenaline in his body, kept him from feeling tired at all.
“The only thing I need can’t be given,” she said, her hand slipping from Tony’s. “Have a wonderful day Mr. Stark.”
Tony took the box from him and looked at him curiously. “But you already gave me a Christmas present?”
At one surprising brush of his lips against the hollow of Tony’s collarbone, Tony let out a breathy moan and rolled his body closer to Steve’s. At one point Tony had found himself straddling Steve’s waist and leaning over him his own mouth mapping out the points of Steve’s neck. The two continued this play of touch on each other…a call and response. At one rather impressive roll of his hips, Steve fingers tightened on the dip of Tony’s waist and he had to stop himself from bucking into the movement.
“Of course,” Peter encouraged excitedly. “And like this is going to be amazing. I’ve been waiting for today for like forever. I know it’s like an important day for you and Uncle Tony, but I’ve been waiting for like literal years so yeah I’m rambling now but-”
Steve pulled her off of her jail bed by her jacket and stared her in the eyes. “I suggest you tell me where the headquarters are and where Ryder has taken Tony or else I will make sure that you won’t ever leave this cell dead or alive.”
Tony looked at his tied up hands and noticed the bareness of his right wrist. “Where’s my bracelet?”
As Tony went into the next aisle looking for bread, his phone rang. He answered the call, seeing that it was Peter.
“Yes, you do. Otherwise, you would have put that knife, that the pretty little assassin gave you, straight through my heart,” Ryder announced. “Oh, didn’t think I knew about that, huh? I knew you wouldn’t have it in you. After all, you can’t kill the first person you ever loved. You and I both know how you’re still haunted by Obie’s death.”
He looked at Tony with heavy lidded eyes and with one hand began to unzip Tony’s pants. Tony shook his head at him. Ryder tilted his head in response and removed his hand.
Tony loved attending parties. Correction: Tony loved going to parties that he knew about. Ever since Tiberius Stone planned a party on behalf of Tony, which ended up in him having some terrible accounts and a day locked up, Tony hated not knowing about parties. Also he couldn’t control the guest list and restrict it to people he was familiar with and or people who he knew wouldn’t be out to get him.
Bruce had somehow managed to not Hulk out, during the whole interrogation. Part of it was Natasha’s tight grasp on his hands. He had to take a few calming breaths to keep himself rooted in the room and not to where Ryder was. He had done his part in providing the two pills for Tony to mix in Ryder’s drink.
Steve could only hope they were being honest in the group message. When he arrived he was both shocked and not surprised at the stage of events. Sure things had been put up, but there was still stuff to do.
That only left Tony and Steve. Steve looked at Tony and realized that he had to be uncomfortable resting like that. He didn’t want to wake Tony up, but he remembered what Peter said. He didn’t want to risk waking Tony up and having him go back to the lab.
Miles. He was going to be sick. He wanted to turn to face Miles, but he didn’t want to move because if he did he would break this frozen state of being that was the only thing helping him from collapsing.
“Tony is not a plaything. I don’t care where you think your loyalty lies may I remind you that you are here under my control and I am the Captain that is placing you on the tightrope between life and death.”
“Does this mean I can finally get you to play Mario Kart,” Harley said as he followed Bucky out of the kitchen. “Because I am in high need of a rematch, since I’m pretty sure you and Mr. Rogers are both cheaters…”
“Yeah, you’re right. I guess I’m just stressing. Steve I’m starving,” Tony bemoaned. “I’d honestly eat the spaghetti cold at this point.”
“As in the course of this spider dude?” Clint questioned leaning over to look at Natasha, who had now sat down. His eyes were also now scanning the document alongside her.
He didn’t know. He stood up for himself, but he felt sick. He felt like vomiting and expelling whatever concoction they put in his mouth. He felt like screaming at his mind telling him he wanted Steve, but Steve wasn’t coming. It had been 52 days.
“Though I am also certain that Michelle wouldn’t like you offering to buy her ticket,” Tony thought aloud. “But you could offer. Make sure to cover up. I really don’t need to send you back home to May with you sick.”
“Oh, baby. This is all Steve Rogers. Even before the serum, I was still getting it in,” Steve joked, standing up and heading to the bathroom.
Fury held his head down as Tony entered the interrogation room. He sat down in the chair opposite of Ryder, who was smiling at Tony as though Tony wouldn’t know.
Tony leaned forward being careful not to damage his bandaged hands. With narrowed eyes he moved his head closer to Steve.
“Hey,” Tony snapped angrily. “I don’t know what type of ransom scheme you have planned, but it’s not going to work.”
He hated how he couldn’t fall apart not when they needed him to be strong. But how could he be strong, when the main reason for his strength was out somewhere being tortured?
“Call your aunt and see if she doesn’t mind me taking you home early.” Tony relented and Peter quickly dug out his phone to call his aunt. “And you had better turned in all of your assignments.”
“Steve, I feel it. I don’t…I’ve been working on it, but I know what I feel,” Wanda said increasingly growing more frustrated. Vision put a calming hand on her back and she forced herself to exhale. “Sorry I just…”
“You know that drink I gave you? I mixed it with two pills. Highly poisonous might I add. It slowly stops your body’s functions. Before you know it, you’ll be paralyzed. Your motor skills will have completely degraded. You won’t be able to speak as your tongue will feel so heavy to even lift itself from your mouth,” Tony steely said.
“He’s doing better,” Pepper replied shortly. “Well that is all I have to say for now. Do not make me have another talk like this with you all or you will come to soon regret it. Coulson, Fury. Hill.” She waved goodbye to them and exited the conference room with only a grace that Pepper Potts had.
Needless to say I hope all of your days are going better and that you enjoy this nice little chapter with no angst (Guys I really tried to give y'all an angst break here...whether I am successful or not meh).
“Hey, no. Look that’s all in the past,” Tony said, hands going to wipe at a tear that Steve hadn’t even known that he had cried. “I shouldn’t have even brought it up.”
Steve’s sobs wracked his body and Bucky began to feel equally affected. He hadn’t remembered a time Steve had cried this hard, since the day his mom died. Steve was often good at shielding his emotions, so to see him like this tore Bucky’s heart.
“I just find that hypocritical. You expect us to come to you, but you didn’t come to any of us. So I want to know why.”
Pepper was the first to run to Tony, the two friends spinning in circle at the news. Pepper broke away first, giggling cheeks red with happiness for her dear friend. Rhodey was close behind, his own eyes shining with wetness.
“Will I be seeing you both tomorrow at the winter park for Karen’s?” Tony questioned trying to steer the conversation from any sort of revealing statements.
He was broken out of his thoughts, when Julie cleared her throat thus effectively silencing any and all chatter. She winked at Harley who in turn grew red in the ears. Seemingly pleased, Julie went back to gain everyone’s attention.
Tony’s heart thundered in his chest as he realized that he had no control over his body. He thought that he could move his lips and bite Ryder in response. He imagined himself doing so, but when Ryder kept pushing his tongue forward Tony realized he couldn’t. Ryder used his fingers to part Tony’s lips and whispered against them.
And yes there was still things to be healed. This process would be ongoing and might just continue well up until the point Tony finally bid this world a grand adieu. But he didn’t mind because he was here, living, breathing, and hopeful for the first time in years.
But yet he did. Because if they’re yelling at him or berating him at least they’re here. He had thought the Avengers would be the ones to stay. That after all of this mess they would make their way back to each other. But they hadn’t. He didn’t know why he expected the Avengers to be the ones who would actually stay.
Steve gave a low grunt in the back of his throat, pressing harder and snapping his hips quicker. He watched as the subtle movement in Tony’s facial expressions altered as he grew closer to achieving what Steve hoped was complete pleasure for him. Tony’s mouth opened and Steve leant down, unable to stop himself from greedily taking all that Tony would give him.
Sighing, Tony tried maneuvering himself from underneath Steve’s hold. It was something short of a miracle that Steve didn’t wake up. Tony placed the arm that had been on his waist into the now empty space that he was leaving.
Steve frowned. “I was trying to make toasted bread Buck. You know I really don’t appreciate all of this yelling.”
Steve was certain he would be destroyed, if Helen would say yes. He detached his gaze from Clint to look back at Helen.
Steve nodded. “Yes, I have to tell Karen. However, I believe we can go see your mom today. How about you get showered and try to look like you haven’t been doing drugs and I’ll go tell her.”
“I feel this sense of panic and fear coming from somewhere,” Wanda explained straightening from her seat. “I can’t place it.”
Immediately, he was brought back to the moment he first gave that bracelet to Tony at the Stark’s Charity Christmas Gala. He remembered with the fondest of expressions how much that day meant to him, even though there was pain attached shortly after.
Cali breathed out harshly through her nose. “When the driver was expelled out of the CMPNY, Ryder went through extensive measures that he would not be able to drive anyone anymore nor speak. So his tongue was cut and so were some of his fingers. I was thinking that, if you were to communicate through his mind, you may be able to draw forth the location where the CMPNY headquarters are.”
The two of them stood there in silence for a few minutes. Ryder licked his lips and drew closer to Tony. Ryder pushed at Tony’s shoulder and Tony fell onto the bed easily. He looked up into Ryder’s eyes that were beginning to darken. Ryder ran his fingers alongside Tony’s chin and tilted his face higher to meet his gaze.
“Why?” Miles inquired placing both hands on Tony’s cheeks to wipe his tears then leaning over to do the same for Karen. Karen smiled at Miles’ actions.
Natasha bit her lip. She was unsure how she felt about handing Miles off to a stranger. Sure, Vision was one of Tony’s creations, but he also hadn’t been around Miles that much. How would Miles respond to her handing him off to someone? However, she needed to make sure that they wouldn’t stumble upon anything that she didn’t want him to see.
Tony swiftly kissed Ryder on the forehead before sliding out of the booth. When he was gone, Ryder’s smile quickly fell off of his face. Not even a few minutes passed, before Tony stalked quickly over to their booth and grabbed his coat jacket.
Ryder eyes became glazed over as though he was excited with Tony straining for breath underneath him. Ryder’s mouth fell open, tongue darting out to lick his lips. Tony scrunched his face up in disgust.
“Thank you for letting me come here with you today,” Natasha said putting down the box of Christmas ornaments.
The rest of the Avengers, minus Tony were in the kitchen trying to entertain Miles, who had woken up and become disappointed that Tony’s door was locked. Natasha was playing with him, while Steve made a quick snack.
“Huh?” Steve questioned, albeit a little lost as to why Tony was suggesting a movie, when he looked like the perfect spokesperson for some nighttime sleeping commercial.
Tony ran a finger of the design markings and smiled sadly. “Yeah, people always assumed my dad and I were the only geniuses of the family. However, they often forget that my dad met my mom when he visited his friends at Harvard. My mom was brilliant it’s just when Howard started diminishing her ideas is when she lost that fire for her own research. I’m pretty sure these were part of the last designs my mom and I made together. I had stumbled upon her working one night on some prosthetic designs and regenerative limb research and being so fascinated with it all.”
“You need me to go with you boss?” Happy inquired, looking for all intents and purposes that he was a second from hopping out the car and joining Tony to protect him from whatever emotions were surging up inside of him at that moment.
“Exactly! But I fucking have the ability to change Barton. I’m not stagnant in my decisions. Look I’m not saying I was completely wrong nor completely right. Neither of us were and that’s what led us here. But I am here to compromise. Why can’t you see this?”
“I don’t have problems with spaghetti,” Tony rushed out. “I mean…that way you don’t have to make two different meals. Pepper says I eat like a child anyways.”
Steve and Peter looked at one another, knowing that once Harley started talking about his crush he often rambled for a bit. So both were fine with letting the conversation carry until pulling up into Miles’ school.
“When did you get so wise?” Clint whispered toying with his hands. He hadn’t felt like looking at Natasha just yet because he felt like he had been properly chastised.
Miles had quickly grown distraught over Tony’s absence and had not been mollified of stories of Tony being on a vacation. Having to tell Tony’s son that lie did not rest well on his conscious. Miles’ suspicious glare constantly filled his thoughts as the lie flew off his lips. However, staying with his aunt Pepper and his trips to Karen’s entertained him. Unfortunately, that happiness did not last soon. Most nights Steve caught Pepper soothing a crying Miles to sleep.
The chair screeched back from where Steve had been sitting. Bucky shout out a stay to Ryder. Ryder wiggled in his chair and rose an eyebrow as if saying, “How could I possibly move?”
“It’s cool. How ‘bout we go get some breakfast, yeah? Maybe get back some of this energy, we exercised off. It’s the morning anyways,” Bucky exclaimed, throwing a water bottle at Steve. “Probably won’t be a lot of people out, so they won’t be scared off with the killer vibe you’re giving off right now.”
“Hey, Brucie bear,” Tony chimed, blowing him a kiss. “Aren’t you looking devilishly handsome today.”
Steve seemed to ponder on this heavily. “This is a mighty serious decision you have placed into my hands Miles. I do not know, if I can decide.”
Leaving Tony like this was hard. He didn’t want to leave, especially with the warmth he was receiving. He felt like it was his anchor, grounding him. If there was no visit today, he would have been perfectly content to stay there with Tony all day. Alas that was not the case.
Ryder let out a barely restrained painful gasp as Bucky punched him in the jaw again this time with his metal arm.
“The kid said only babies do that and that it’s weird having a dad who’s a superhero and he still has to sleep in your bed,” Peter said, brow furrowing in past restrained anger. “I mean he’s twelve so he should have known better than to say that to any kid. I guess Miles took that to heart. Said he was a big boy and he shouldn’t be scared…said he was too old to not sleep alone.”
Steve and Tony had been a little concerned, after transferring Miles to this preparatory school for his third grade year. They had decided to do public school for his kindergarten through second grade year, but Miles had just been bored by the lesson plans there and needed just a little more of a challenge and that was saying a lot because that public school had an amazing reputation and teaching staff.
Tony fell into listening to Miles excited ramblings, going in on his time with Aunt Pepper and the others. Tony made sure to send Pepper all of her favorite things for making sure that Miles’ was far removed from this as he possibly could be. He hugged Miles tighter to him and at some point didn’t even realize he had fallen asleep, until he could no longer hear Miles’ talking.
“Tony,” Steve softly said. “You don’t have to joke about this not with anyone, especially never with me.”
“Fine Peter yes I will come pick you up to show everyone how awesome I am…though I don’t know why you need me, when you can easily just…yes of course. No, May made me promise I keep you from doing too many reckless things. Though as a favor I’ll need you to watch Miles after the Christmas Charity Gala in a few weeks…four weeks I think? December 23 I believe?”
“Well, do you feel like being my first customer for the day?” Jaime questioned holding up three rings.
Fury looked at Coulson and opened his mouth, but stopped with a firm shake from Coulson. Steve noted the reluctance and turned sharp eyes to Fury.
Pepper ran her thumb over her lips, a nervous habit of hers. He also noticed the chipping of her nail polish, something that Pepper never allowed to happen. The only times that her nails were chipped was when she was greatly stressed. He hated the fact that he was the reason for that stress.
Thank you all for your continuous support through comments, bookmarks, and kudos. I genuinely appreciate all of them and look forward to hearing from y'all. Have an amazing Saturday loves.
Steve looked at him, a bit of amusement warming his face. “That you did. I didn’t want to wake you up and I’m honestly surprised you managed to stay sleep during the whole trip back home.”
Karen appeared to contemplate this before nodding. “Okay, well since you’re not adopting you don’t have to fill out a whole lot of forms. However, since we are releasing him into your care there will be a few things you have to fill out. Are you okay with going with Tony for a few days Miles?”
And that was all Steve needed. He needed that reassurance that Bucky had his back like always. Then looking toward Clint, he got a silent nod of approval and ran his hands over his bow looking satisfyingly at the wound he had left on Ryder’s shoulder.
“Let’s take a break. Leave him alone with his thoughts for a minute,” Bucky suggested. “He’s going to cave and if we have to make this a waiting game, we can. Change the level of tactics against this man. We may not be able to get him to confess now, but we will by the end of the day.”
“That isn’t what you said in your police statement,” Steve said picking up the black folder and flipping to the document, which detailed the gory event. “Tim Deaver, age 12. Recount of the event…”
Isak tilted his head and laughed. “Are you kidding me? Look, I’m sorry Ryder. I sure that you hoped for some happy reunion, but today was honestly not the day to do this. If you had called earlier, I could have schedule a day where you could visit.”
“He’s Tony’s boyfriend,” he said managing not to wince at admitting that. He really should be nominated for an acting award for not following the statement with “But not for long.”
“I was losing everything and I didn’t know why. But I told myself that I would make things even. I would do good things and in turn get back what I didn’t deserve. So I’ve been trying to do good things so I can be shown a little favor. I’m here in America so that’s one thing. I’m meeting up with Laura and our kids in a little while. But I haven’t worked on anything good so that I can deserve to have you back. So I thought that I can push you away. I need to push you away because I’d rather not have you than not have my wife and kids.”
Tony left his name and then said, “Steve…I just want to talk to Miles. Can I please talk to my baby?”
“Why didn’t I get this much of a response when I came?” Tony questioned with his arms already full of two toddlers. “You think I’m way better than the Black Widow right?”
“Do you ever shut up,” Clint asked, getting tired with hearing Ryder’s voice the more he talked. Honestly, he was debating taking out his hearing aids.
I may not be able to update next Saturday *tears* because I'll be traveling back home for break and then my week is just busy. So next update might come 3/17 or 3/18 depending on when my film project finishes wrapping up on set for that day.
Steve was so distracted with not wanting to find his shield and put it through Isak’s neck, that he hadn’t noticed Bucky taking the folder form him, closing it, and keeping it underneath his arm. Isak’s eyes immediately closed off and an easy expression overtook him once again.
Cali nodded briefly. It was mere minutes that she left and returned again. Her face was marked with grief. “She chose not to speak to me,” Cali told them all, knowing why they were looking at her quick return with confusion.
Steve looked at the message and saw his own below it…unsent. He slapped a hand to his forehead in annoyance at himself for forgetting to send a message back. He truly thought he had, but maybe in all the excitement of Tony telling Steve he’d rather be with him eating spaghetti Steve had forgotten.
With a gentle push, Steve lowered Tony’s hips back to be flush with the sheets Tony was now curling his hands into.
“Yes, we talked about this. You said you would meet my parents and spend five days with them. We already got our plane tickets. I know you tend to be forgetful about anything that isn’t SI, Avengers, or Miles, but I was hoping you remembered this,” Ryder explained. “You said that we could leave Miles with Steve.”
“But I got him back to the physical present if you know what I mean,” he said pressing his lips against the mark on Tony’s neck.
Sighing again, Tony decided he needed to do something besides stare at this ceiling all night. While he knew he could just as easily head back to sleep, he didn’t want to. He wrestled with himself a little longer, before he finally decided he’d just get up and grab a late night snack.
Ryder was going to destroy Tony one way or another. It was time to call upon more members of the CMPNY and perhaps to speed his relationship with Tony from “slow” to…well Steve couldn’t possibly pursue a married man, could he?
Steve looked at Tony, who was visibly affected and placed a hand on Tony’s shoulder. Tony looked up once again and this time with a smile. He breathed out a shuddering breath and shook his head.
“Shut up!” Steve said, covering his mouth. “Did you forget there are children still helping us set up and I would like not to give the sex talk to Miles so young, seeing as how you’re the reason Tony and I had to awkwardly put together a PowerPoint for Harley.”
“Alright, fine go. But remember stay in my sight always. If you cannot see me or Peter, you have gone too far,” Tony continued.
Miles who had found a spot on Steve’s lap now leaned over to crawl into his lap and rested his head against Tony’s collarbone. He sleepily gestured toward the coffee cup Tony had resting at the table.
“Do not! Do not!” Miles screamed. “Left me here! I want penguin and Dum-E and FRIDAY. Why leave? Was I bad?”
“I figured. All of us saw your face, when you came in. Ryder told us about this, but we didn’t want to spoil it for you. We should’ve at least warned you, after we arrived here.  I’m sorry,” Steve said his voice deep with apology.
Tony laid out some warm clothes and waited for Miles to finish brushing his teeth. When Miles came out of the restroom, he flashed his teeth at Tony.
“Really? The Accords can keep our family and friends safe?” Steve questioned, stopping Tony’s sentence. “The Accords wouldn’t keep my family safe. Wouldn’t have kept my friend safe…the only one I have left.”
“Oh, right. That was probably when you were off fantasizing about absent boy wonder. Wonder how he would feel knowing that one of his teammates had a little crush on him, since he was a toddler. Think boy wonder would take well to you lusting after him?”
Tony stared, his mind almost going blank as Pepper said abuser. Abuser. He hadn’t really thought of Ryder like that. Sure, Ryder was physically, emotionally, and verbally violent at times…at many times of their relationship. But he had never said to himself…abuser, his abuser.
His shaking wouldn’t stop. His eyes started to loll back and his shoulders slump forward. Natasha narrowed her eyes and pressed her hand against Tony’s back. “I’m so sorry. You have to stay awake. Come on.”
Sam and Thor collectively looked at each other. “We want a rematch then. Tony’s on our team and it even things out.”
He wiped at tears that were now staining Tony’s cheeks. He moved back a little in order to reach into his jacket pocket. Tony gasped softly as Steve pulled at a silver box. His eyes looked at Steve searchingly. He gasped as Steve held the box in front of him, opening it.
“Children, children. Stop, fighting. And Marley stop trying to aggravate Kevin. We all know that Kevin didn’t wet the bed” Karen said. “Now may we please say our apologies and hug.”
At exactly an hour, FRIDAY’s voice alerted them of a guest waiting outside. Thor’s loud boisterous voice echoed the sentiment, “Aye she is here. Shall I permit her to enter?”
“What?” Tony questioned hoping that if he talked to them long enough he could get them into wanting him to go.
He wanted to tell him that his smile made him want to curl in the warmth that it offered around him. He wanted to tell him that look he has, when he’s just woken up and seems confused makes Steve want to gather him in his arms and kiss him until he’s fully awake. He wanted to tell him that he loves seeing how at ease he is with Miles. He wanted to tell them that his compassion and servant heart for others makes Steve desire him in a way that is foreign to him.
He told himself it wasn’t because he wanted a physical reminder that the Avengers had been there, even when they were miles apart.
“Like I said I’m not asking for permission. If your boss has a problem about that, tell them to come find me and we’ll discuss it. So we’ll be outside at the cherry fountain not too far from here. It’s still on hospital grounds. We’ll be back around eight at night. If not, you may feel free to come remind me. Now, this has been a very titillating conversation, but if I really want to stay true to my three hour time limit we must be going now.”
Steve walked toward the wall and collapsed against it. He tilted his head back and closed his eyes. Steve allowed himself a few moments to compose himself, before he turned to look where Bucky was standing.
Ryder smiled. “Don’t worry, once I push him away from everyone and isolate him from everything, he’ll only be able to depend on me. And what better way to live than for your destruction to be at the hands of the one you love. For the rest of our married life, I will own him.”
“What Rhodey?” Tony screamed. “What do you want to hear from me? You want me to tell you I blame Bucky for everything that has gone wrong in my life? You want me to tell you how I still have nightmares of Rogers raising his shield to me? I can’t fucking get that out of my head and every time I see him I can’t stop seeing myself in Siberia. But everyone wants to wish this away because it’s too hard to deal with. That’s what we do Rhodey. We push things around until they’re not seen anymore. So no I am not going to be that emotional person on the team. Natasha had already placed Tony Stark not recommended. I do not need to give her anymore reasons to think I’m not fit.”
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry,” he said, pressing his face against Steve’s neck. He closed his eyes trying to ignore the pain throbbing in the back of them.
He wanted to tear at his limps because they felt too heavy on his body. All at once, he could remember how they had found him in that room. He could see the bruises left on his body, some larger than the others. He could see Tony’s dazed eyes going back and forth across the room. He could hear Tony screaming out, “No touching. No touching.”
“So how’s everything going with you and B.A.R.F.?” Steve prompted as he began cutting up some tomatoes for the salad.
“No, he actually just went to the orphanage. He’s usually back around five. So you only have two more hours…so we can all just wait here until he comes back. Get to know each other. So what is your-”
“I couldn’t keep those ties with him and so I let him go. I didn’t keep up with him and I wanted to forget that he was ever related to me. I mean…I obviously wished that he would get well, but I didn’t care for him to get well near me. So when I was old enough I went to Sweden and created a new life for myself.”
She tilted her head to the side, “Then one day…” her lip wobbles and tears pour out of her eyes. She raised a shaky hand to wipe them away. “Then one day I get a phone call from my brother. He’s crying and sobbing asking me to tell mom and dad that he’s scared…that he doesn’t know where she’s taking him. And I’m trying to be calm. I’m trying to get to him, telling him to drop a pin where he’s at.”
Bucky and Sam tried to make it look like they weren’t making sure Natasha pulled out any knives. Natasha took some time to gather her thoughts. Once she had run through her thoughts in her mind, she began to talk to Steve.
“If you want more time with her, you don’t need to pretend that you’re okay with her leaving as soon as she is. It’ll hurt you in the long run.”
He turned his attention away as Natasha, with the help of Clint though not really, tried stopping any mischief coming from the two brothers. He was certain Thor probably just wanted more cake, but Loki? Loki could want anything.
“That’s good,” Tony said, pulling Miles closer to him and kissing the hair that was beginning to curl. “You’re stuck with me kiddo.”
“But you have to eat so you can be big and strong,” Natasha noted. “See?” She picked up a carrot and bit into it. “Yum.”
Steve didn’t know what came over him or perhaps he did. Quite possibly it was Ryder trying to use Tony as the excuse for his own violent actions that made him do it. All he knew was that he had heard more than enough. It was surprising that he had even allowed him to speak for this long.
Tony’s heart continued to ache. Is this how parents felt when they’re kids got sick? If so this was an awful feeling. Tony was certain Howard had never felt this, when Tony had gotten sick all but three times.
“Tony, talk to me about your plans today,” Steve said, running his finger back between Tony’s thighs fingers growing wet with evidence from their earlier release.
“I need you to wake up for me, please sweetheart and tell me that you know you didn’t deserve this. I need to make sure you know what that sick abuser did was wrong. I need to see those brown eyes that I love and see that I haven’t lost you,” Steve hoarsely exclaimed. “I need to know how to do better for you. I can’t lose you, Tony. You hear me. I won’t lose you. I just got you back again.”
So in honor of all of you, I am giving you all what you deserve and have been (would patiently even be the right word lol) waiting for "The Reveal."
“I wasn’t made to be someone who just folded laundry and took after the household. I mean there’s nothing wrong with that. My mother is a stay-at-home mom. But I wasn’t built that way. And when I think of what I want to do there’s nothing else in my vision besides this.”
Steve let the red haze disperse before him, coolly settling into something that he would be addressing later. Bucky was right though, right now wasn’t the time.
“What happened then?” Tony said not being able to ignore the way curiosity welled up inside of him like a storm.
Miles smiled toothily at him and then stretched his arms out to Harley. Harley easily took him from Steve. Looking at the two super soldiers cooking, Harley inspected the meal and turned his eyes upward to Steve.
“Bet you hate that. I’ll make you a hot cup of coffee later,” Ryder promised leaning back from Tony. “You good?”
“Like on vacation? Wakanda wasn’t enough of a vacation for you,” Tony joked, eyes slightly dimming as he played with the fringes of his sweater.
“Man now I remember why I used to love getting you all riled up,” Tony joked, then hissed when Pepper leaned over to flick his ear. “Okay, got it.”
“Tony’s boyfriend Ryder has been staying with him for the past few months. He’s an old college friend of Tony’s.”
Steve left the room, with every intent of coming back, when he had gathered himself. The rest of the team followed their leader, not even giving parting glances to Fury.
Steve walked them to their bedroom and put Tony on the bed. Tony looked at him slyly, spreading his legs open in invitation. Steve settled in between them, eyes hooding over like a promise.
“They might,” Steve stated, his voice never wavering. Instead he seemed to grow even bolder. “I want to tell you now so you aren’t surprised, when it happens. But I am going to fight for Tony. I don’t think you’re good for him.”
“Oh, sweetie,” Pepper said moving from her spot on the chair to hug Tony. Rhodey stood up as well wrapping himself around the two.
“No, Ryder. You really can’t. It’s crazy that you want to hold onto this imaginary grudge against me. And even if I had been the so called reason for you leaving MIT, that gives you no reason to treat me as you did. You were…fuck Ryder,” Tony breathed out harshly, anger taking everything out of him.
Ryder’s head lolled to the side and he tried raising his hands to punch Steve. His movements were too haggard and slow and resulted in Steve pushing his body against the wall behind him. Ryder bit his lip in anger and chose that to compel him to charge forward pushing against Steve.
“You drive a hard bargain. But sold,” Tony announced. “Alright when are these old money sucking geezers coming in?”
“Because this,” he grabs Tony’s hand and places it on his heart, “will forever be yours and I hope one day yours can be mine. And when I have that completely, I’m never letting you go.”
Ryder turned toward him and grinned broadly. Tony returned the smile rather a bit shaky. Ryder didn’t seem to notice. When they arrived at this hotel venue, Ryder opened his door then quickly walked over to the side that Tony was on. Tony began to open his own door, but was stopped by Ryder opening it.
Steve nodded. “Okay, we don’t have a location, but we do have a name and a face. We need to get in touch with Miriam, before Ryder gets to her. Need to see if she’ll be able to name any of the other faces.”
They had separated, choosing to search different places to cover more ground and make the search faster. They hadn’t need of making a plan. The plan was simple. Find Tony.
His eyes traced Tony’s facial features as he wanted to make a mental picture of how beautiful Tony looked. He wanted to remember the rosiness settling in Tony’s cheeks from probably running to see him. He wanted to remember how his brown eyes seemed to melt like chocolate as he stared into them. He wanted to remember how his forehead creased in the middle as he stared at someone in concentration, just like he was doing right now.
I am not going to drag on Tony being "missing" for long! Hold onto that for comfort. Now I go to run off in a corner and hide until next update.
“Of course,” Sam said, wrapping his arms around Bucky. “Pushing down things is something I need to work on personally. So I’m sorry. I stepped away and had a talk with Peter, who is surprisingly good at advice.”
“I mean, hey you have to admit he looks rather beautiful all bruised up like that. There is something gorgeous in having ownership over someone. My brother just probably wasn’t able to do it properly. Maybe they were still ironing out the kinks in it. He was never good at taking care of things for a long time,” Isak said.
“You don’t have to lie to me. We may have lied to the outside world, but there was one thing we never did. We never lied to each other, did we?” Tony whispered, soft enough that it would only fall to Ryder’s ears.
“I still hear her voice coming through the speaker telling him to hang up or she was going to put a bullet through his head,” her voice quivered and she pressed her hand against her chest. “She told him to hang up and she’d do better. She’d take them back home and she’d try. But he kept crying and crying asking me to find him. She just kept getting louder and more upset. I was screaming. I was trying so hard.”
“FRIDAY I do not appreciate your cheekiness,” Tony said briefly smiling at his AI’s personality. If there was one thing Tony was extremely proud of was his creations and their ability to have personality. “Alright Miles open up.”
“Of course I’m right. You know I thought all this time, you would finally realize that I am often the voice of reason in our relationship,” Bucky said. “But I’m serious you can’t do this on your own and you’re even foolish for thinking anyone would let you do so. I’m pretty certain Pepper would stab you with her heel, if she had any idea you were going to keep Tony up in here.”
He didn’t have time to ponder and think about how he had been so blind. He needed to find Tony first and foremost and then he would let the guilt claw around him. But for right now he needed determination to consume him.
“He already has so many things going against him, he probably didn’t want you all knowing this dirty little secret of his. I mean hey what people do in the privacy of their homes…but to bring my brother into this lie he constructed,” Isak shook his head. “Is awfully shameful.”
“Keeping going honey. Tell me about what you’ve planned today,” Steve said, moving lower to place his lips on Tony’s hipbone. He licked at the bruises left behind from his own hands. Steve nipped at the skin, mouth curling upward in satisfaction as Tony’s hips raised.
Natasha looked delighted as can be and Steve looked as if he was moments away from kissing Tony again. Tony would let him.
“Somethings wrong,” Wanda quickly said causing their whole table to stop whatever they were doing and turn toward her.
Steve ignored the two, letting them work out things on their own. For now he was much more focused on making sure all of his friends were coming in to help set up their own individual part.
Natasha nodded once and pat him on the shoulder. “Wash up and get some rest. Also Tony spent this whole time worrying and did not go to sleep once. So make sure he gets well rested. In the morning, when I come to check on him I want those bags underneath his eyes to be lessened at least a little, ya?”
Ryder grabbed a condom and roughly turned Winston to face Tony. “He gets turned on from the thought of another man touching him. I want to know what happens when the thought is transformed into action,” he enforced as he harshly thrust into Winston.
“Yeah, I…well you know he’s like a little brother and I gotta make sure he’s okay, ya know? Plus I figured if he saw we weren’t scared then it’d be fine.”
When Tony had put down a full Miles, he retreated back to his bedroom. He had originally wanted to go back down to the lab, but he still wanted to be close to Miles just in case he needed him. And while he had put a play pen in the lab, Tony figured the kid would have better time sleeping in an actual bed.
So now all he had to do was destroy Tony and oh was it a wonderful process. He hoped wherever Howard was he was looking on in pain. His thoughts took control of him so strongly, that he didn’t even register the noise in the tower.
Tony mistook Steve’s flirtation for an honest question. “Honestly, some spaghetti. Where did it go? Please tell me that it’s not all gone.”
Tony looked unsurely at him. Bruce sighed. “Trust me I know. It’ll be better when Thor and I have explained it.”
Karen’s brows furrowed. “Is that…goodness Tony is that why you think I’ve been wanting you to come back every week?”
By the time Tony was pretty sure he had made introductions with everyone and did a once over of all the groups to make sure everything was good, he went to the nearest food stand and got a funnel cake. He gave some change to the volunteer at the stand.
Tony was fine with this. He came in there for the silence anyway. Just as he was getting comfortable in the silence and trying to calm his nerves from the surprise party, Steve reached out and blindly searched for Tony’s hands. He found them placed firmly on the floor and brought them to rest on their entangled legs.
“Fine, I will,” Clint bit back. “Ours is going to freakin’ rock. Bruce come on let’s add some fire to it.”
“He’s…I don’t know Buck. I don’t wanna say he’s alright because crap if you…if you heard the things he was telling me there’s,” Steve rubbed a hand over his eyes. “I don’t know. He’s talking to me and he’s telling me about his relationship with Ryder and it’s already a lot. And he hasn’t even gotten to the recent stuff. Now I feel like I’m going to literally want to find Isak, Ryder whatever and just wrap my arms around their neck and squeeze because he’s managed to keep ahold of Tony’s life for this long and-”
Had he done something at the Christmas Charity Gala, when Miles had come to them asking for help in finding his baba.
So when Ryder, who Tony thought could actually fulfill this hopefully desire, came back into his life he welcomed it with open arms.
“Yes, and you’re not in a position to question them. So hurry up and get ready. Bucky could you possibly have all of your and Steve’s things packed by the time we arrive? We’ll return here after our visit and then we’ll leave to the tower.”
Peter clutched on tighter to him. “You can’t leave again. Miles needs you, we need you…I need you. Don’t…don’t keep us out again
“But I have to protect the family I have. So I’m begging please just please if you’re not going to be the family Tony needs you need to deny his offer to live at the Tower. I can’t see him go through this another time.” The toil of all of this unravels as a sob breaks through her chest. “I can’t. I won’t.” She brought her face down setting her jaw and straightened her shoulders.
“Now I feel like I’m whole, you know? I look at you and I see the reflection of everything that I have ever hoped for in my life. I loved you from the very moment that I realized that you were the one and you’re probably wondering ‘hey Steve why are you getting all sappy when I’m sleep like a loser,” Steve broke off laughing.
Tony knew he was outnumbered, but that didn’t stop him from punching Ryder. He felt great delight in how Ryder’s head recoiled at the punch, but didn’t feel great satisfaction at the stinging in his own check thereafter.
Rhodey made a face at this. “It isn’t going. I am not going to fall in love with my physical therapist for your entertainment.”
Also if he didn’t give him something now, he had no doubt in his mind that somehow Tony would find a way to get some coffee into his system. Steve walked back into the room, holding the now steaming bowl of soup. Tony accepted it easily, blowing onto the spoon before feeding himself some.
Clint looked at Steve’s crestfallen face and drew back. “Hey, I’m sorry I didn’t mean to drag all of this stuff up.”
Ryder undid the top three bottoms of Tony’s shirt and ran his fingers along the exposed skin there. He went closer to Tony and brought his face close to his chest.
“So, I am quite certain mine is the best,” Thor said finally, grabbing his building and placing it on the floor.
Miles frowned and stuck the lollipop in his mouth. Leaning closer to Tony, he grabbed a hold of his face.
Tony stopped talking and gave himself some time to breathe. “I don’t know, it’s stupid thinking about it now. I was just so ready to have a friend and I was excited that I had made my friend all on my own without my mom setting it up.”
Bucky looked back at Steve, his grasp on his own bags growing slack as though hoping Steve would change his mind. Steve tried toning out the whimpers of Tony and the voice of Natasha trying to console him. Bucky looked at Steve trying to ignore those cries. Bucky had heard Steve’s explanation, he had told it to him the night of the gala after Tony and Ryder had left.
Steve took one look at Tony and was about to push him aside, plead with him to leave and let him handle this. But Tony’s eyes were focused on the body lying on the floor, hands cuffed. Steve tried stepping in front of him to direct his attention elsewhere. He was somewhat successful, when he was able to wrap his arms around Tony and try pulling him away from Isak…Ryder’s line of vision.
“And it’s the same all the time. I just see me standing over Tony with my shield and I know it’s worse for Tony and Nat I can’t” Steve sputtered.
Again thank you to everyone who has ever commented, bookmarked, or left a kudo on this work. I appreciate it with all my heart. Have a great day, loves :)
Tony sighed, but smiled nonetheless. “Alright bambino I’m letting you off with a warning this time, okay? Next time is time out. You can’t eat cookies before dinner because it’ll spoil your appetite.”
“Already have someone waiting for us,” Ryder exclaimed as he walked outside to a black car with equally black tinted windows. “Get inside.”
Miriam turned a heated glare at Tony. “Such a beautiful man. Even the scars loitered across your body are like wonderful engravings on a canvas. I would much desire for my own mark to be upon your body.”
Thank you all for the comments, kudos, and bookmarks. It makes my heart happy to see y'all enjoying this. :)
Peter’s fork fell harshly to his plate and he blinked owlishly at Natasha. It was only then that Natasha realized her mistake as she watched the closed of expression transform Peter’s face, one that too hauntingly mirrored Tony’s own. He pushed his plate back and gathered himself away from the table.
He forced himself to go deeper and crooned to Tony, “Can’t believe you got a kid without my permission. But it’s okay you’ll make it up to me. You already are just letting me take you like this. Gosh Tony if I had known how good you were, I would’ve taken you back in college.”
As much as he wanted to understand what was wrong and why he felt compelled to lie to him of all people about not being okay, he kept his mouth shut. He had observed this look in Steve’s face every time he would look at the cellphone in his hand as if waiting for someone to call.
Miles eyes widened, upon seeing his baba. He bounced up and down in Peter’s arms, hands reaching out for Tony. Peter tightened his grip on Miles just so he wouldn’t fall to the ground.
Tony laid back on the sheets, his mouth pressing open kisses to anywhere of Steve that he could touch. Steve fell easily into the kisses, body rolling into a rhythm that only Tony and himself were knowledgeable of.
Tony followed Ryder out of the ballroom with one final goodbye. When the two reached the front foyer, Tony took his phone to call Happy. However, his phone was snatched out of his hand by Ryder.
“I’m okay. It’s nothing I haven’t been through before. And for you I would do anything,” Steve admitted, grabbing the hand that Tony had on his face and brought it closer to him in order to kiss the fingers.
Tony was reminded of those cake wars on the Food Network as Thor put his little Lego presentation down.
Tony chocked on a cry and Steve tilted his head up. “I know how you loved how that sapphire seemed to glow brighter on those nights as Jarvis made it feel alive in real in your dreams. I know how it brought comfort to you. Since then sapphire always reminded you of Jarvis and the safety that he allowed you to escape to.”
“Whoa, Captain who knew you could curse like that. Definitely going to be on Santa’s naughty list this year,” Clint said winking at Tony coming into his room and cutting on all the lights. “Alright, up and at ‘em Steve. Our time for Tony bonding is happening right now.”
“Tony,” she said voice breaking softly. She cleared her voice and rubbed irritably at her wet eyes. “All he wanted was to be a part of a family. This family. Brothers, sisters, friends, comrades, and hell even
“She told me that Tony had frozen a little bit, when Ryder had come back to the hallways as she was consoling Tony. I mean it may have just been from the stress, but you never can be too sure. There’s just too much of his history that’s uncounted for. So who knows what changed about Ryder…I just…” Rhodey bit off the last bit of his sentence as anger began to nip at his skin.
“Also you don’t have to leave a tip in exchange for a picture with you all. My girlfriend is going to go nuts when she finds out I served you all,” Harry beamed. “Of course if that’s alright with you.”
Miles’ concerned voice traveled to both of their ears. Miles walked into Karen’s office and toward the two crying adults. Tony imagined Miles had decided he waited long enough.
All of them left and Steve turned to the remaining faces. Rhodey stood up from his place on the couch and took out his phone.
Steve stepped back a little so he could have room to mouth down Tony’s body. His lips caught on Tony’s smooth collarbone before traveling further downward and catching on a nipple. Tony groaned lowly in his throat, his voice whispering out Steve’s name.
A few moments of tense silence followed. Rhodey handed the paper back to Tony who let it rest on his lap. Pepper had turned her attention to Miles who was slowly dozing off. Neither of them knew what to say. Pepper had a few feelings that Steve liked Tony, but every time she mentioned it to Tony he brushed it away. Now, Steve said he loved Tony and Pepper wasn’t sure about that. Before the Accords she would have been planning the wedding, but she still had reservations especially with him leaving.
Pepper smirked. “Same. Not the movie, but I am waiting to see when you go on a first date with Miranda. Ah, don’t try to hide that smile now. Why are you smiling all secretive like that?”
“And I know you are all smart. Steve I know you are fairly intelligent. Any person who is able to acclimate into the 21
Happy nodded, not saying another word but wrapping an arm around Tony’s shoulder. Tony wrapped his own around Happy’s waist, appreciative that he had him there with him.
“Can…can I talk to my son. Please Cali…I…I need to talk to my son,” Tony pleaded. “Don’t care…do…do whatever just let me talk.”
“I fucking know that Rhodey. You don’t have to remind me, when I see that video playing itself in my head fucking etching itself into my brain,” Tony rasped. “I know that, but it doesn’t change the face that they’re still dead. It just changes how they died. I’ve had years to deal with this.”
“Sorry, that’s all in the past. I’m pretty sure you didn’t do all this to hear about my childhood,” Tony laughed.
“Natasha isn’t here right now. She’ll be coming in another hour or so. Maybe when she gets here, you can tell her to join your group,” Tony said.
He looked at Tony and moved his body to his side. His fingers trembled as he hovered them above Tony’s body, afraid that if he touched him he would disappear. But he needed to touch him to make sure that he was there, that Steve hadn’t killed him.
Rhodey looked uneasy and said, “Maybe we wait just a little. Maybe spur of the moment isn’t that great.”
Yet he knew that if he couldn’t pour his sparkling cider over the next person who asked if he was going to send Miles to a boarding school like he was or whether he and Ryder would be making it down the aisle soon. Tony wanted to throw up as Ryder simply tightened his hold on his waist and said breathlessly and said, “I sure hope so.”
“That’s what family’s for,” Natasha said smiling. “Now in the sake of being there for family, what do you say helping me make some breakfast enough to feed an army?”
“What’s wrong? You’ve been here at the most an hour and a half and you’re already having a problem. Are you still feeling bad about the treatments not working?” Tony asked worriedly. “If so I can get a few doctors that I know and see if they can pull their heads together. Bruce is here and he’s brilliant.”
Natasha looked after Clint as he continued walking to the building. Steve had wanted to say something against this, but he knew it was true. Tony had always placed his lab time before team time anyways. What would be different from then to know? However, he had hopes that Tony wouldn’t go running to the lab as soon as he saw them.
“You haven’t been here long,” Steve said trying to calm down the boy. “We can stay a little longer.”
Ryder looked at him and smiled. “Hungry?” He motioned to a plate of breakfast and smiled. “We had a long night last night.”
Isak, looked up at them and smiled softly. Beneath it was a desperation that Steve found unsettling.
Tony needed that, but he needed to know what lied outside of these walls again. He was losing focus of that. With only Ryder in his ear, his reality was shifting to one where Tony could see himself saying thank you when Ryder came in while his head was being pushed in the bathtub or when someone was throwing bruises onto his body like splotches of paint. He didn’t want his reality to be him curling into Ryder when he shivered from the cold water or sighing in relief when Ryder pressed soft touches against the bruises.
“It’s no problem. Maybe one day I could cook for you or you know help out,” Tony admitted softly running his fingers over his silverware.
Submitting to the urge, he tilted his head downward to press a kiss against Steve’s forehead. He brushed a few stray golden hairs that stuck to the skin there, behind his ear. His hands softly caressed the shell of Steve’s ear and then they made their descent toward his jawline.
Everyone continued talking and laughing over one another, not a moment of silence or sadness distorting the sense of calm or peace that had entered as morning broke through the tower. Tony’s eyes warmed as happy tears began to swell in his eyes. After so long, so many years of feeling loss, abandoned, and hurt-
Tony quickly grew aware of where he was at and threw his legs off of Bucky’s lap. He stood up being mindful not to shake too much. His cheeks reddened in embarrassment as he leaned in to Ryder’s grasp.
“Yes, but stay where I can see you. If something happens, you know what to do,” Natasha told her. Julie smiled and bounced on her feet, before going to look at the trains.
“Let me know how the journey toward getting your wife and kids goes,” Tony said. “I hope it goes well.”
“They…they said you died baba! I though you left forever and you promised you wouldn’t…wouldn’t leave me,” Miles said around hiccups, his little body shaking under Tony’s hold. “But you did and it was longer.”
“Nope, but since time can’t be paused it’d be best if you get going, before Harley drives off without you. And I do not need to hear our son got arrested because he was driving without a license,” Tony explained.
“If that is quite alright with you Ms. Maximoff,” Vision addressed. “I believe it would do you good to gain more control of your powers in a safe environment not around a lot of people. We would be traveling the world seeking out people with similar powers to yours. Tony has enlisted the help of Dr. Strange. We would both like to help you in your journey
Steve growled, something deep and dark under his breath. His knuckles whitened with the tension that they were exerting. His eyes searched deep into Isak’s and he had no doubt within him whatsoever that this was Ryder.
So Tony queued up some music and turned on his StarkPad. It was a few hours of silence and alone time that Tony certainly needed. Don’t get him wrong he loved talking to Rhodey and entertaining Miles, but he still needed a few hours to himself. He had practically been raised on being alone till he went off to college so sometimes that urge to be alone came up.
Steve watched as Tony grabbed his and Miles lunch and retreated to his floor. Steve was quick to follow, but not before talking to Clint.
Steve had to look in the rearview mirror to make sure that Harley hadn’t passed out. Instead he was met with wide expressive eyes settling in fear. His mouth opened and closed as if he was unsure of how to even respond to the bomb of truth Peter dropped.
Peter threw his back aside. “Well that’s how it should work. How can I be a hero if I can’t save my own family? I couldn’t save Uncle Ben and now I can’t…”
He stepped to Tony and picked him up in a hug. Tony smiled at the affection, but remembered that breathing was a thing and Thor was just always a little too enthusiastic with his hugs.
“Hey, none of that. You weren’t modest back in the day. Don’t get modest on Winston’s account,” Ryder said. He tapped Winston on the shoulder and Winston leapt off of his lap.
The ease that he said he would never leave Tony, made a little bit of tension fall from Tony’s posture. He slowly offered him a sigh of relief.
“And I’ll know if you don’t brush all your teeth mister! Just brushing your front teeth isn’t doing the job,” Tony yelled as Miles ran to the bathroom.
Ryder seemed to share the same sentiment, even hooking his arm around Tony and whispering harshly, “We’ll talk about this later.”
Steve smirked and stepped even closer. Bucky backed away knowing that this was not going to end well for Ryder. Bucky was fully aware of what Steve could do. He wondered if Steve ever told his team about the time he left a guy paralyzed, after a fellow soldier had called Gabe Jones a derogatory term.
Tony rocked forward, but Steve was the one truly in control of the pace. Steve hummed in the back of his throat, sending shockwaves straight up into Tony. Tony rolled his head to the side, mouth parting open. If he drooled…well the sheets had to be cleaned twice after tonight anyways.
Bucky rolled his eyes. “Alright punk, first of all grab some meat that isn’t frozen or put that meat in some hot water and we’ll see if we can defrost it.”
“I’m okay bambino,” Tony muttered. “The doctors and nurses are making sure I’m all good and ready to go.”
“Howard took Ryder on as an apprentice or some internship thing. I’m not too sure. All I know is that Ryder was interned by Howard, until he found out that Howard was only doing this because he wanted Ryder away from Tony. Ryder never told us why, but something happened between the two. Howard made him transfer to Harvard and Ryder didn’t have that great of a time there so…”
“This has been a hard year, yeah?” She looked toward all of them as if drained by their mere presence. The others looked at each other in silent agreement. “Look, I am not putting the blame on you all. I understand that this was just a very unfortunate situation heightened by emotions.”
While they were making lunch, Clint and Natasha came into the kitchen and noted the scene before them.
“You just nothing Steve. You know I never had to talk you into doing things. You always had the strength to go after what you want. Somethings may have changed over the years, but don’t let your persistence…your courage ever waver no matter the circumstance,” Bucky told him.
Ryder’s smile grew delighted as he drew closer. His grasp on Tony’s chin tightened and he used it as a lever to draw Tony’s lips toward his. Tony widened blurry eyes and tried gathering the bit of strength he had left. Ryder’s sin hot lips ghosted over Tony’s and then firmly pressed against Tony’s chapped cooler ones.
“Yes, Fury now what do I owe the pleasure of having you call me on this fine evening,” he said, while making a funny face to the girls.
“Were you going to hit him?” Tony screamed face growing tight with anger. “How dare you? I told myself I’d never be Howard and I sure as hell would never be like Maria who let her kid suffer abuse” Tony bit out. “And you wonder why I need a break from your-”
Tony swatted at his chest, “It will be. And I’m sure Peter and Harley can watch after Miles if we want to get up to some more adult activities.”
He’d like to think he would. Maybe even with the absence of the others he would eventually have been led to his decision to leave Ryder. He believed that there were always people in your life that could help guide you. Besides the woman that he met at the beach had already began to make him reflect on his relationship. So…he was leaving for himself. He was leaving because he knew he didn’t need Ryder’s touch that left bruises and scars. He didn’t need him. He supposed that he never had.
“I love you in the most indescribable of ways. But I want to live every day trying to show you how much I care. You are my heart in every single definition of the word. You are the one that holds me together, pieces me back when I feel I’m on the edge of collapsing.”
Michelle laughed loudly. “What? Okay, Parker. Fabulous, yeah right. Look I’ll see you later. My dad’s outside and I can already hear him beginning to call asking what’s taking so long.”
He walked over to the refrigerator and saw one picture had been added. He smiled at the picture, remembering when it was taken. Tony and Steve had just decided to go on their third date, something that Steve had been planning completely unbeknownst to Tony.
Touch never seemed to wake Steve, at least not the soft barely there touches that Tony offered at night where he felt he just needed a reminder that Steve was here with him. Steve would wake immediately at the first gasp or startled cry, but in his sleep he would turn into touch and nuzzle the back of Tony’s hand as Tony caressed his cheek.
Marley smiled and nodded. “But of course dear Ms. Karen. But of course. Now building one was indeed colorful. The use of colors was how do you say…vibrant. So vibrant so that it nearly blinded my eyes.”
He let go of Miles’ small hands and watched him as he ran straight toward the slides. Standing up he walked to the nearest bench and sat down. Peter quickly followed behind him and sat down.
Seeing Harley about to argue this, he motioned for them to get ready to leave. “Alright guys let’s leave Principal Davis to his day.”
Tony pressed his lips firmly together and refused to let any drop of alcohol reach his tongue. Miriam tried again, but this time Cali tried assisting her by trying to open up Tony’s mouth. Neither were successful.
“It’s fine,” Tony said truthfully wanting to get rid of the guilt seeping into Steve’s voice. It wasn’t his fault that he couldn’t help sort through these conflicting images of Ryder. It was like there was this dichotomy of good and bad where Ryder was concerned. Though now Tony wondered if there had ever truly been goodness inside of Ryder, or if only he had been fooled to believe so based on his youth and naivety.
He didn’t just want to belong to a superhero group. He wanted to belong to this family and seeing them able to be together after this long and troubling year was nice.
His mouth opened, in the form of a question. He felt the story wasn’t over, but he had been holding this question in him, ever since Tony had first started talking to him. He wondered if an appropriate time to even discuss that question was now. He didn’t know if it would be alright to even bring something up that was that traumatic, not that anything else Tony had said wasn’t traumatic enough on its own.
Steve smiled down at him. “But I repressed it all. A man of the future couldn’t want a man stuck in the past. Then when I gathered a little bit of courage you were back with Pepper. Then you broke up. Then I thought here’s my chance. Then Ultron. Then you got back with Pepper. Then the Accords and well you and I both know that was a reason of its own…or rather an excuse,” Steve told him.
Natasha held a remote in her hand and cut on the television in the room. It was a foreign news network. The camera panned to a car wreck, before moving to the news reporter. Steve looked to all of them for any sense of clarification.
“We do not need height check,” Tony laughed. Then he realized what Steve was trying to imply and playfully hit him in the shoulder. “Oh, fuck you very much. You know what I am not short and I am getting tired of you suggesting that I am. I am an average height thank you.”
“I promise I’ll be better. I’ll do all the necessary steps to make sure that I don’t hurt you the way that everyone else has. I promise that I won’t leave you. I don’t want to be like them. Please don’t let me ever become like them…someone who just hurts you,” Ryder whispers leaning back and continuing to massage the back of Tony’s neck.
Tony had never imagined he would be in this position and he would have later to wonder about just how he got here, but right now…right here he just wanted to simply feel and not even think about how Ryder was only a few rooms down from where he was. He wouldn’t allow himself to feel bad about that.
“Pepper I can’t,” Tony brokenly whispered. “I can’t do that to Ryder. He’s been there for me, when no one else was. I was alone and he was here. I can’t just drop him. I can’t.”
Their voices became soft whispers as they traveled further away from the kitchen. While they were gone, Steve quickly set the kitchen table and ran to his room to freshen up. Once done, he nearly ran to the kitchen and saw he had a few minutes to spare.
Tony turned to the voice, letting his eyes blink rapidly trying to clear the vision. “Ste…Steve,” he croaked, his voice fully not cooperating. “Kn’d ya come.”
“Unfortunately, he’s not here so I guess that will have to stay between myself and his grave,” Tony teased, mouth tilting upward in a ghost of a smile.
When both were in there, Tony sat down and would get up to pace for a few moments muttering under his breath. He continued this repetitive action and Steve watched on in amusement. The corners of Steve’s mouth tugged upward as he sat down in a spare chair. Tony continued mumbling, hands gesticulating wildly in the air. Every now and then he would look at Steve, pause, and go back to pacing.
Tony laughed brightly and began working on the ingredients that Natasha has pulled out. It was slow and soothing work as the two passed each other in the kitchen collectively working on making breakfast.
“Yes, really you goof,” Karen laughed. “And you’ve done so much for me and my staff. You’re family to me Tony. You’re like the older brother I never even knew I wanted. For so long I was satisfied with you know just it being me, the kids, and my employers. But then you decided to come one day and I latched onto you like a moth to a flame.”
Steve nodded. “Yes, it’ll be fine. We’ll both be fine. We were teammates first, if nothing else,” Steve said and immediately wishes that he hadn’t. Tony grimaces and turns his head, so it’s no longer facing Steve.
Coming into Harley’s bedroom, he smiled wonderingly at the three kids he had grown to love over the course of the past years. They had all come during different stages of his life, but he had all grown to call them his. Even with Harley’s adoption being finalized and Peter still affectionately calling him Uncle Tony never failed to further establish that Tony did have a family.
The two said their goodbyes and Tony went back to shopping for groceries. Steve looked toward him and tossed a bag of apples into the cart. Miles swung his feet and bobbed his head to the song the grocery store was playing.
“Just now? I can try to be gentler,” Steve apologized, the tips of his ears going red something Tony once took sweet pleasure in seeing.
However, as Steve’s lips barely touched his he knew he didn’t have to defend his case at all. Tony’s eyes fluttered shut as Steve pressed closer and his hands went from Tony’s hands to encircling around his waist. Tony easily fell into the hold and guided himself closer to Steve until his body was practically only a hair widths apart.
Peter would come to the tower every weekend, hoping for any change. When he met the eyes of the rest of Avengers, he would immediately go to Tony’s lab. On several occasions Steve would find Peter in the lab playing with Dum-E and YOU. He never truly interrupted, until now.
“I can’t believe we’re right back in this position Steve. I thought you would have learned from your mistakes. It takes a special kind of idiot to do this again. You made me watch as Tony nearly become inconsolable. You tore him apart Steve and I had hoped that…you claimed you loved him, but for the life of me I couldn’t imagine anyone who loves Tony to have done that to him,” Natasha exclaimed in one breath.
“Video conference? Ever so formal baby brother,” Ryder joked. “If you didn’t want me to stay you could have just said. I just wanted to visit you for a while, see how things are. I mean Eva you do not know how much I have missed my brother. It nearly tore my heart, when I found that he had left New York.”
Peter walked in just as they were queuing up the movie. Tony sat up from his spot beside Natasha and waved.
“You know that’s not true,” Peter said worried that some of the kids there were going to turn Harley against Tony.
Natasha hummed in the back of her throat not really knowing what to say to this. What could she say to change…to even help with this situation?
Tony went to grab Miles and settled him on his hip, despite Miles trying to be put down. Eventually he gave up and just settled on Tony’s hip, and laid his head on his chest.
Steve had to do everything to control himself for not yelling and blowing his cover. The small grunt of pain that Tony made shortly after didn’t help ease that strain for control.
“And you had to yell to say that?” Steve made a look at Bucky. “I fail to see the problem here. We’re putting it in the skillet to make it unfrozen Bucky.”
“We all did,” Miles said, jumping into Tony’s arms. “Were you surprised baba? I kept it a secret for forever.”
“They are because of me Tony. Look you don’t have to say it isn’t just too save me from being hurt,” Steve told him. “It’s okay. Look, we’ll still be teammates.”
Bucky was at his B.A.R.F. appointment. He had a few weeks without it, since he had been here, but he had needed to get back to his schedule. So Tony set up a few of his trusted doctors and set everything up the way it had been for him in Wakanda. While things would never be perfect, Tony hoped B.A.R.F. would help Bucky.
“Sure, breakfast sounds great. Yeah, just give me a few minutes to shower and clean up,” Steve exclaimed throwing a towel to Bucky.
So no, Tony was not going to play this game any longer than he had to. He had made sure Ryder was comfortable, enough for him to believe him. He had established a certain level of trust and the assurance that Tony had still…
Steve fiddled with the box in his hand, while he waited for Tony to go outside to the balcony. He looked out into the city impressed with the skyline and wished for a second that he had his sketchbook that Tony had given him this morning. It had been a while since he drew, but now he longed for it. When Tony stepped outside to meet him, he yearned even more for some paint and a canvas. Tony looked beautiful with the moonlight lighting up his features and the skyline being his backdrop.
Immediately, Tony turned his attention back to Principal Davis. At the time Principal Davis was trying to serve as a mediator between Harley, Peter, and Flash. Tony had been surprised, when he had received a call from May asking if he can go into this meeting seeing as though she couldn’t pull herself away from work at the time. So Tony had agreed. He set a reminder to ask why on earth May didn’t give him a brief explanation that this meeting was not a simple catch up on Peter’s grades.
Steve looked into Tony’s eyes, which had closed sometime during Steve’s ministrations. Steve trailed his fingers over Tony’s cheek. Tony’s breath fanned over his fingers as they ghosted over his chin. Steve wanted to memorize every single feature of his face and later sketch it.
Something in his mind seemed to want to be brought to the forefront. Pepper’s words from their meeting a few hours ago echoed in his mind, but he pushed it back.
Miles nodded and rested his head on Tony’s shoulder again. Tony went toward the cabinet where he had stored all the things the doctor told him he needed to make sure Miles would recover. A voice quickly startled him causing him to nearly lose his grasp on Miles.
“Yeah, but you’ve also been sober for about what five years now? Plus, I know you’ve really been cautious about not drinking since you adopted Miles. Besides alcohol does nothing for me,” Steve shrugged. “And right now fruit punch actually sounds amazing.”
He knew that no one should be here. Tony wasn’t set to arrive until the end of this week. Following the noise, he went into the kitchen. His eyes immediately hardened when he saw the occupant of the kitchen.
“Can…can you maybe stay here tonight? There’s enough room in the fort. I mean if not that’s totally fine…just I can’t” Peter whispered, afraid of hearing Tony’s answer.
Tony panted loudly, tremors settling in his legs as Steve’s never-ending thrusts grew particularly relentless driving forward in that one spot, repeatedly. Steve licked into his mouth, open and breathy.
“What if we told you we ransomed you to your precious Avengers? I mean, you’re looking to get out of here aren’t you? Surely, if we were to sell you to the highest bidder the Avengers would come running.” the woman teased. “I know you are ready to leave, I mean this has to hurt doesn’t it?”
“Hang up the phone Steve. Damnit hang up,” Tony breathed through a short whimper as though the air was being knocked out of his lungs.
“Unc…Mr. Stark,” Peter rushed. “Umm, Miles went to his room. He doesn’t want to speak with you right now, but I think he’s just sad. Look Harley and I are watching him. We’ll make sure he’s okay. We’ll let you get back to talk to Steve. But…just…wherever you are just keep fighting, okay. We’re coming soon.”
Steve nodded. “Okay, and what does this exactly have to do with us. I mean I am sorry for this loss, but unless any of you knew him-”
“You want me to do all of that because that’s what you imagine Steve doing,” Ryder exclaimed pressing a soft kiss at Tony’s throat. Tony grew startled, but Ryder pressed a finger against his lip. “Shh, Tony. Let me talk.”
Bucky turned sideways. “Nervous. I mean even when you were you know not this…” he motioned toward Steve’s body “…you always had confidence and power just radiating off of you. I mean it got you into a lot of trouble.”
Natasha quirked an eyebrow at him. She slid a knife under her jacket sleeve and fell into step beside Clint, Bucky, and Bruce. She looked at them unwaveringly and said what they all were thinking in response to Steve’s confession.
Ryder needed to feel like Tony was on his side, even in his death. It would make it that much easier for them to get a confession.
“Just wanting to help, but you can help with me. They’re trained for this,” Pepper said sharing a look with Peter. There was something to her look that Steve couldn’t decipher, but it seemed to make Peter pause.
“What?” Rhodey questioned, fulling having heard the question but needing to make sure what he heard was correct.
Steve scrunched his face up, his face losing some of its redness. “Then why…” he narrowed his eyes at Bucky. “Oh, okay got you.”
“He wouldn’t leave his oldest friend, his love like this. Just let me speak to him again. Last meeting was spent with so much anger. He’s probably calmed down. Why aren’t you calling Tony?”
“Stupid, stupid. I…fuck. I’m a mess. This is a mess, mine which I dragged you all into. Fuck, this is going to get out and when Miles’ is older he’s going to hear about this as though he isn’t already going to know how much of a fuck up his baba is. Shit, I can’t believe that I-”
Natasha nodded and stretched out her arms for Miles who easily went into them. Ryder smiled and adjusted his bag.
But now they needed to because they had their team that was depending on them. They had to get their family back. Tony needed to get Peter. Steve needed to get Bucky. And there the two of them had begun talking on plans…and in some way, of which Tony was not all too sure he understood, they began to heal.
Tony smiled and made a motion to move, but was stopped by Ryder. “Tony remember we have to go catch the flight so we can make it to my parents’ house before nine tomorrow.”
Ryder’s eyes grew closed off and his expression hardened at Tony’s statement. He nodded his head a few times to himself, reaching a conclusion. Ryder stood up and took his phone out of his jacket pocket. He looked down at it and the light illuminated his facial features.
Harley and Peter mumbled words under their breath, but followed Tony outside into the hallway. Tony turned toward them and looked at the clock in the hallway. It was only ten in the morning. He seriously wondered how they could get into trouble merely two hours into school.
He pulled the covers up tighter to his chest and wished away the coldness. He also wished there was more light offered in this room beside the lamp and the light fixture above his head. A nurse came in carrying a food tray. She made her pleasantries and sat it near Tony’s bed. Tony said thank you and as she was leaving as for her to crack the door. She must not have heard him because she closed the door firmly shut behind her.
“Jack doesn’t let me stay with him and my sister because I was never a part of his plans, which is stupid because I existed, while he was dating my mom. Either way, Jack doesn’t want to take me on. Mom doesn’t have any family and all the family on my dad’s side…well I know nothing about them.”
“I know. I just feel bad leaving him for a whole week and I am going to worry already with the added stress of knowing he’ll probably be out in the streets webbing it up.”
His voice had become a soft hush and the wind seemed to accompany his voice into this melodious tune that had Tony wanting to close his eyes and eagerly draw in the sound.
She stood up and got in his face. Grabbing his chin, she said, “You will most definitely not write a letter and hope things just solve things on their own. You did that last time and it didn’t solve anything. Try again.”
The doctor walked away from them. Natasha looked toward Steve whose own eyes were beginning to glisten with tears. Natasha remembered the information in his file and allowed Steve a moment to compose himself.
But here he was finally after months of being with Ryder and he was contemplating calling Steve…because he didn’t want Ryder to stay. He wouldn’t need him to stay once the Avengers were here, even if they didn’t like him. He could pretend that they wanted to stay and that they needed and wanted him. He could pretend…it would be far easier than pretending not to be in physical pain every waking hour of the day.
“I’m happy I swear. I don’t know why…why I can’t stop crying,” he hiccupped. A broken laugh escaped his lips. “Never thought I’d want to be a father because I thought I’d always be one like my old man, but with Miles…I just…It may be selfish, but I want him to be my son and I want to do right by him as a father like mine never did.”
He remembered a conversation. He thought he remembered barely even saying no to a proposal, before he was pushed aside into a hallway leading to a back alley of the hotel. He remembered hands reaching out toward him, forcefully guiding him away from the safety of watchful eyes.
Tony’s heart tugged at the thought of Miles growing up fast, but it warmed at the thought of being able to watch Miles grow up. Tony became so distracted that he hadn’t noticed the receptionist begin singing their own rendition of
Suddenly, arms were pushing at him to put them down. The two children immediately began to ask Jaime if he could make them a sandwich. Jaime looked at Natasha once more, before nodding at the kids and taking them into the kitchen.
Steve had promptly stood up from his chair in the cafeteria, stalked over, and socked him right there on the collarbone. Later, the senior would say he just wasn’t expecting it. Bucky knew that Steve had the strength of armor in that first of his.
Ryder crawled onto of Tony’s body and settled his onto Tony’s chest just shy of his arc reactor, while placing his cock on Tony’s bottom lip.
The boys had all wanted to come, but without knowing what state Tony was in it was best they wouldn’t come until he was at least awake. Peter and Harley had been highly annoyed at that, as expected. Miles had also been angry, hearing from Peter and Harley that his baba was back, but wasn’t able to see him.
“It is or else you wouldn’t be so affected, “Ryder said. “But I do love you because I am here in spite of this. I won’t leave you because of your nightmares. I won’t leave you because you may keep yourself locked away for a few days. I won’t leave you because you’re hard to be around. I won’t leave you because you can’t give me anything. But they will. They already have.”
“I’m leaving Tony,” Steve finally forced out not emotionally prepared to suffer through Tony guessing and missing the point.
He felt himself rising in panic and tried to bring it in, close to his chest. He couldn’t, wouldn’t do this here. Then suddenly as if finally the world was on his side, the door opened.
Clint shrugged his shoulders. “Whatever, Nat. You can tell him, but just know Tony that she’s probably blowing this story way out of proportion.”
Even thinking about it now had him remembering just how cold he felt. “And I could never get warm. I tried everything. I tried those electric blankets. I tried increasing the heat in my room. Nothing worked. I then figured it was penance for leaving Bucky, for having not caught him on that train.”
Steve hurried into the bathroom in the hallway so Ryder wouldn’t see him. A few moments passed before Steve was sure Ryder had left. He stepped out of the bathroom and made sure to close it softly behind him.
Bucky handed Bruce some tea that he was making for himself but figured the doctor needed it more. Bruce took it in thanks, before sitting down at the breakfast table.
Steve nodded, biting his lip in concentration. He held up two different sized pots to Bucky. “Okay, which one of these do you think I should make the pasta in? I was thinking about using the larger one, that way we could have leftovers.”
“You’re right. I also hope you know that you may have to pay for the thousands of puppies that I promised the hospital,” Steve noted.
Natasha allowed their bantering to go on for another minute. Then loudly she repeated her question. “Where is he?”
Steve breathed out a sigh of relief knowing that he hadn’t done anything to mess up the sense of calm that had just settled.
This time Tony was able to hold his breath and close his eyes. He felt the pressure rise in his chest. He could feel the water pounding against his ear. His body was forced further into the bathtub his nose barely skimming the bottom, before he was yanked back up.
“Ms. Romanoff perhaps I may escort the young gentleman back to an area where he can be occupied to get his mind off of things,” Vision exclaimed.
“I suppose that is one way to get me to stop talking about an element that is surely going to make everything-”
“Then I don’t understand this,” Natasha said collapsing onto the chair as she continued watching the two fight. Sam briefly wondered if he should intervene, because he really didn’t want blood on his new rug. However, Natasha’s glare in his direction made him reconsider and he stayed silent.
DUM-E looked to the ceiling, as though contemplating whether or not to challenge Natasha’s words. Clint took everything in with a sense of amusement, even furthering to get U in, by telling U that Tony was clearly paying favorites and no parents should have any favorites. If Tony’s elbow sharply hit Clint’s side, he certainly didn’t notice.
Harley himself looked shocked and so did Peter. It seemed as though maybe the two hadn’t known of this bribery. For all intents and purposes the both of them could have sworn to Tony that his team was going to mean.
“And now it doesn’t matter because he’s with Ryder,” Clint said sadly. “But you’re right Tony seems happy with him. So that’s all that matters.”
Karen shook her head and laughed. “Look I’ll be in my office doing some work, but come get me in an hour or so and we’ll start putting up the decorations.”
He opened his eyes, recognizing that he was still in Harley’s room, soft music still playing in the background. He turned to the side and gently placed Miles back on his side of the fort, before looking at the clock. It had only been two hours and there was still quite a bit of time, before breakfast.
“You have no rights here,” Steve said. “You think you have everyone fooled here don’t you. You think that you’ve mastered this game of deception, but I see through you.”
Tony smiled sadly and looked down. “So…I felt like this was the world doing me a kind service. It brought back someone that I didn’t think I had wanted to see again. And it started off well enough, but then it just quickly stopped.”
“Yep, those are the little spies in training. Go be with your little followers,” Tony said. “But please don’t teach them your ways this early. I’m still really terrified of you and I don’t think I’m ready for little Black Widows following my every move.”
The hold tightened. Tony’s fell asleep, despite Steve’s worried urges of not doing so. He was so tired. Besides he knew, when he woke up he would be back just where he started. Steve wasn’t coming for him. No one was coming for him. He just wasn’t worth it. He only hoped that they would take care of Miles.
“Ah, but you did. Guess you weren’t strong enough to handle it. But my I loved watching you try to pull away, when you were nearly drugged out. But know this, I never slept with you while you weren’t aware. No, I loved knowing you were completely comprehending what was happening to you. Every drag, every pull, every scrape, every whimper, every moan of pleasure…ahh yes there were some good moments, right?”
Clint rolled his eyes and leaned closer to Bucky. “No one goes to Tony’s lab if he’s been down there for more than 72 hours. It’s not worth risking your life. But Steve does. Why might you ask? Because he loooves him.”
“He’s dead,” he cried into her shoulder. “He’s dead…I tried to stop him Eva. I did, but he wouldn’t stop going so fast. We didn’t even see the car. I tried. I tried so hard, Eva.”
He hated waking up from a dream where he was holding hands with Tony, only to wake up and go back to the conference room and hear that they still hadn’t covered more ground in regards to where Tony was. Steve wondered if he would ever stop feeling that fear, that he felt lingers on even still.
He tried opening his dresser drawers, but fell a little too short of reaching it. Tony pulled out some clothes for Miles, while telling him to go wash his teeth.
He had given him a drink, saying that he was sure he was thirsty. He told him that the others may not have cared about his comfort, but he did. So he tilted the cup to Ryder’s lips, saying how it was a favorite drink of his. Ryder’s mouth easily fell open, accepting the cool liquid.
Clint turned to him. “No offense kid, but you’re just an intern. Let us handle this okay. We’ll let you know if there’s anything to know. You can help with Pepper.”
Tony laughed softly into his spaghetti. He shared a soft glance with Steve, before the two returned their focus to their food. Tony had truly meant it, when he said he was starving. Steve at one point had to leave to fix Tony another serving, but he hadn’t minded not one bit. The two ate in comfortable silence. Steve spent some of his time watching as Tony’s eyes blinked rapidly as if trying to will himself awake. He slowly lost his grasp on his bowel and Steve gently eased it out of his hands.
“I know and I’m sorry that we’ve made you continue thinking this way, even when we’ve been knowing you for years. And you don’t have to talk to me about it today, tomorrow, or even months later. But I don’t want you going around ever thinking that whatever happened was your fault or that the abuse you’re suffered was because of you not being strong. Because that’s not the case. And I’ll tell you that every day if you need me to.”
“I don’t know if you’re joking or not, but I would love to be a part of this plan,” Clint said joyously, nearly jumping into his seat.
“Is he alright?” Steve immediately asked taking the phone off speaker and turning away from the penetrative expressions of his teammates.
Bruce nodded, before Helen continued. “As I was saying those drugs were causing overexcitement of his neurotransmitter systems, making him potentially dangerous to himself. I know he has been sleeping a lot as you explained, Steve. However, we best figured that if he were to be sedated we could assess the things that could potentially kill him.”
“Oh, yeah,” Peter sheepishly replied. “He’s been having trouble sleeping. So he’s come to Harley’s room a few nights and mine whenever I’m here.”
Tony laid there numb as Ryder’s hands traveled over his clothed body. His mouth left trails of hot kisses on his collarbone and neck.
“But I do. You just said, if I don’t he gets to go home free. And I don’t even want to think about what would happen if he-”
Despite the genius not being in Wakanda, Tony’s voice would waft in and out the room while the doctors checked his status. He assumed T’Challa had not known at some points Bucky was awake and aware when he was on a conference call with Tony.
Again he broke off, the sentence left to be finished later. Steve reigned in his need to know more, but he couldn’t…wouldn’t push Tony into doing things faster than he wanted.
“Your families will be protected. And even if you do not sign your family in particular will be protected. Tony has made sure of that.”
“Oh, Tony. You should know not to try and get away. You must be disciplined for that. Eva, Luka hold him,” Miriam instructed.
“Okay, Clint time for your lessons in vent hopping to be put to use,” Tony muttered to himself never thinking that he would ever use that knowledge. He stood on the edge of the bathtub and tried to see if there was any way he could fit his body into the vent. It would be a tight fit, but it was certainly larger than an average vent nearly five and a half feet in length and three feet in width. Perhaps the lack of clothes would prove to be an advantage.
He had the thought that maybe he should be terrified by this admittance, but he couldn’t say he was. The only person he had ever felt this way about was Peggy and even then in many ways his love for Tony outmatched his love for Peggy. It was different loves for different times and he appreciated both the same. However, with Tony there was just this fiery need to be beside him and allow himself to freely experience this feeling.
Tony and the others had all come in the morning. They had come in with their buildings and set them aside. Natasha had explained how they needed to judge which one was the best in their eyes and the children had readily accepted the task.
On some days, he needed to be the one setting the boundaries and taking the first steps. Other times he wanted Steve to truly take control. It had taken a while for Tony to understand what he wanted and even then it took some time for Steve not to feel like he was hurting Tony or would do something Tony wouldn’t like.
Can I just say that all of your comments have given me so much inspiration. Like I seriously love each and every one of you so much 'cause I was legit worried about last chapter. I hope I can continue to give you all solid content, since you all are more than deserving of it. Also my school semester has started again (cries), but I am definitely staying on my Saturday update schedule. If anything changes, I will let you all know :)
“I have no doubt that you have not changed at all. I see the same man today that I saw years ago. You may have everyone else fooled, but remember brother that I know you. I know that this is all a façade. You’ve seem to get into the good graces being some doctor and dating Tony. It was actually rather smart trying to clean up your image.”
His hands trembled where they were resting on his knee. He loves Tony. He knows that he loves Tony. But his actions weren’t proving that. He had made Tony feel like he wasn’t good enough. Steve’s eyes glazed over and he felt the panic began to settle in.
“Aye, yes. I have seen the solid structure of many buildings he has constructed. As children he was quite fascinated with capturing me in enclosed spaces. They were awfully quite brilliant and the floorplan was often pretty,” Thor laughed. “Once he made this entire building with no doors. The walls were really lovely to look at. He was only four then, at that moment I knew he had great potential.”
Natasha stopped them, before they could get in an argument. “Boys, we all care. Now, Sam please step forward present your Lego building and state your argument as to why you should win this Lego War.”
Steve ran a hand over his back soothingly. Knowing Tony’s eyes were still close, he went to the restroom and grabbed a wet cloth. He came back to Tony.
Steve swallowed a thick lump in the back of his throat and cleared it loudly. His voice scratched as he questioned, “How did you know that?”
“And I don’t know why I’m even telling you this, but Rhodey says I should be more open and my therapist says I should talk things out. And I am tired of hiding in my own house. I shouldn’t have to do that.”
“I’m not afraid. I’m totally not afraid. I could ask her if I wanted to,” Peter childishly asserted.
So yes, he could clearly see the value in the soundproof rooms now. Because at least now the others couldn’t hear the sobs that wracked outside of Steve’s body as he struggled to breathe against these echoes of the past and the thundering of Tony’s crying of, “No touching. No touching.”
“No, are you out of your mind? There was nothing beautiful about our relationship. It was like a prison for me. I hated that I told myself to stay. I hated how I let you back in, forgiving you, thinking that
Tony eyes widened as what Ryder was saying caught up to him. Ryder continued speaking. “Oh and Miriam how’s your patient going? Mrs. Keener, right?”
P.S. Due to this wonderful day, I haven't been able to reply to comments from the previous chapter yet. However, know that I have read them and I truly appreciate them y'all make me smile. Hopefully, I can reply to them soon though.
“I didn’t get a kid. I offered to watch Miles until he recovered from pneumonia. It’s not like I adopted him or anything.”
“And just what the doctor’s said you couldn’t have,” Natasha added, pulling the cup away, but not before DUM-E tried to intercept her movements. “No, DUM-E. Tony can’t have coffee. It’s not good for him right now.”
A tremendous thank you to everyone who has commented, given kudos, bookmarked, etc. You made me want to finish this for y'all when I wanted to be that author who gave up and leave things unfinished. You inspired me to continue. Here's to you my loves. May you all have wonderful lives and happiness move forward. Until next time.
He leaned back from Tony and swept his fingers in Tony’s precum. Tony turned his face away from him and ignored the burning in his throat to shakily answer back, “No.”
“So you clearly went out for a reason. Where are we going?” Clint questioned trying to match the fast pace that Bucky and Steve had taken on.
Ryder laughs charmingly at her and Eva joins in the laughter, eyes sparkling with delight. “Oh, I guess I am afraid not.”
“But rejecting the Accords completely is a compromise?” Tony yelled heart beating faster and his throat beginning to burn.
He moved, one foot in front of the other and his body came falling in front of him. He wasn’t even able to catch himself, before his legs folded beneath him. He whimpered at the impact of the fall, but tried crawling toward the door. His body didn’t seem to cooperate.
“Would it be possible to steal my brother away for a quick moment? I have a new car and I know how much he would love to drive a Pagani Huayra.”
Thor and Bruce shared a long look and sighed. “It is a long story, one that must be explained as soon as we have available time.”
“So it’s my fault. All of this is. It’s like no matter how hard I try I keep failing at protecting the people I love and it all started with this serum. Erskine said to me,” Steve began to quote.
He remembered first meeting Tony and the words he had carelessly thrown at him, so angry that he had been displaced in a time where he knew nothing and no one, yet there was Tony so sure of himself and the world around him.
“Oh come on Ryder. I’ve suffered worse than a little hit to my face,” Tony argued back. “And if you can’t see why I said no to your proposal you’re dumber than I was led to believe.”
“Uh, no reason. Ryder called me asking if I could get in touch with you. He said he’s been trying to reach you for a while, but you weren’t responding. I thought that something might have happened and so I called to check in.”
His watch ticked on to the next minute and before he knew it Peter’s body came barreling into his. Steve caught the younger boy just slightly from making them both fall down. The years had certainly done a lot to improve Peter’s strength enough that it could even cause Steve to stumble a bit.
A few more minutes passed with this cartoon of fish creatures singing a song about being friends. Bucky remained slightly intrigued by this little song-filled cartoon show. Everything was so bright and Bucky felt he needed a bit of brightness right now. As he was getting further interested in the show, he felt Tony’s heavy glare focused on the side of his forehead.
He was not ready to do this. Nope. Not today. He had forgotten to practice in the mirror so he was not prepared. So nope not happening today. This will not be the
“But Sam never told me. This isn’t all my fault. He could have let me know, instead of stewing for a whole week,” Bucky pouted. “I didn’t want him to be feeling that upset or angry for that long.”
Karen leaned over and took the mug from Tony’s hands. She reached out to him and clasped her hands over his, smoothing her thumb over Tony’s wrists. She looked down once, before turning to look up at Tony and smiling brilliantly.
Ryder kissed the spot behind Tony’s ears and leaned back. “I’m going to be gone for the rest of the day. I do hope that you will behave. I have a wonderful present for you, when I do return.”
Steve as if knowing Tony’s train of thought, brought Tony closer to him and kissed the top of his forehead. Tony melted into it, seeking the comfort which Steve was more than happy to be a consistent source of.
Clint’s eyes were tinged red and if anyone would later ask him, he would freely admit that yes he had cried. He had cried tears of anger and frustration. He had cried over how he hadn’t been there for Tony, when he and the rest of his team should have been there for him.
“Ryder please you don’t have to do this,” Tony exclaimed as Winston tried turning Tony’s body over. “No, get off of me! Ryder please. Please. I’m sorry. Look I’ll do anything else you want. Just Ryder please I’m your only yours, right?”
Tony held a sleeping Miles in his arms as he was lead to their seats. May looked back at him to make sure he hadn’t gotten lost. She led them to the middle section of the gymnasium, where there were still some available seats. May sat down beside Tony with Miles situated in the middle.
He remained silent as Ryder took the keycard from the receptionist and slid her a 100 dollar bill asking for her discretion. Ryder didn’t want anyone to know Tony was here, including Tony. Tony had no clue where he was and his heart hammered in the back of his chest. He never did well in not knowing where he was. He looked at his surroundings and saw nothing that could give away where they were.
“I didn’t know you missed me so much. If I had known, I would have come back sooner. I wouldn’t have pretended to be my brother for so long,” Ryder proclaimed.
“I’m just going to take Harley to visit his mom. Don’t worry, I’ll be back before you know it,” Steve whispered smoothing out the worry lines in Tony’s forehead.”
Tony had wondered how Miles figured out that the people downstairs where the Avengers. He was pretty sure Miles may have overhead him on the phone discussing the Avengers’ presence with Pepper. He had thought Miles was asleep, but he guessed wrong seeing how as the next morning Miles asked if he could play with Captain America.
Steve only had a few seconds to realize what Harley was suggesting, “Harley you are not driving! You do not have your license.”
He struggled against her, arms throwing about wildly nearing knocking her in the chin. She grabbed ahold of his arms and kept him steady. His body began to slowly lose its fight, no doubt being tired from whatever he had taken. Natasha slowly lowered his body until his head was resting on her lap.
A little break from Tony's talk 'cause baby needs to rest a little bit and go to sleep. That took a lot out of him. (Also because I needed a break from that angst lol). It will resume next chapter.
He pushed the broken finger even further back, calm at the painful groans that Ryder was emitting. He leaned close enough to him that Ryder wouldn’t mistake what he was about to say.
Steve watched as Harley rubbed the palms of his hand into his eyes. “So there’s that. Are we done here? I’d like to go back to what I was doing.”
Steve felt something animalistic in him want to claw itself out and rip his lips off of Tony’s neck. He had no right to feel such a thing. This was Tony’s boyfriend. He didn’t even know that he had growled in the back of his throat and had stepped forward until Bucky had to curl a hand around his wrist.
Thanks again to everyone who commented, gave a kudo, and left a bookmark. You all continue to make my day :)
“He having never mentioned Ryder is exactly why I need this favor. I won’t tell you everything about Tony and Ryder’s friendship in college. All I know was it was great for the longest then things turned toxic. Friends growing apart and all that, but I always felt it was more.”
“I already know what I want to do,” Bekah said. “I always wanted to see an impact on a global scale. The army did that for me. So when I am discharged I am applying to be in the Peace Corps.”
“I’m here. I’ll always be here, no matter what. I love you,” he said, finally allowing himself to say what he’s been wanting to say. This time Tony didn’t flinch, but only tried pressing himself further against Steve’s chest.
“Your Uncle Rhodey is such a silly man,” Tony said drawing away. “Let’s say we go get you some real food, hmm? No more soggy crackers.”
Tony grinned shyly, not used to such open compliments. “Well, it’s the one thing I was proud of that my parents did. So I figured it was something I needed to carry on.”
Steve was gutted at the spot. Tony’s eyes were all at once full of emptiness and desperation that Steve just know from looking into them. And he did. And by everything he wished that he could erase that expression and have stopped the reason from that expression ever existing in Tony’s eyes.
Rhodey, himself would often set to fixing the various items broken in Tony’s room. There were many. Steve knew that it was likely Tony had taken them apart in interest of seeing if he could make something better. Tony always could. Rhodey only ever wanted to attempt at fixing them, just so that when Tony came back he could tease Rhodey for even trying and then jokingly telling him it was better than when Rhodey had fixed it.
Steve’s lips never stayed too long to leave a mark and Tony let out a sigh of disappointment. He wanted Steve to leave a mark, so that when he woke up the next morning he had evidence that this wasn’t a dream. But he knew that going back into the ballroom with hickies surrounded by journalists would be like putting honey in front of bears.
That word settled like acid on his tongue because he didn’t remember him allowing anyone to treat him this way…never granted Ryder permission to do this. But what other word could he choose to describe his lack of actions toward Ryder. If he hadn’t allowed himself to be placed in this situation with his body lying limp in the backseat of this car with the smell of liquor staining his breath, then what was it?
As it had been Clint and his team could never quite decide on what to do. Therefore, it had resulted in an almost incomplete building. Clint kept on insisting in adding some lasers to the Lego building, over Bruce’s protests and Wanda’s insistence that she would not.
Steve wanted to argue that wasn’t the case. He had come back, but then he realized what Tony was saying. Someone that had come back for
In college he had been so excited the first time that smirk was directed at him. It made him feel warm, but now it only reminded him of the malicious intent behind a smirk that dark.
“But that’s okay we still have time. Natasha may sign, I think. Oh hey you know, Bucky and I had a nice conversation full of the warm fuzzies. I forgave him for you know killing my parents during his brainwashed lifestyle. It was really great. You know forgiveness really clears up your conscience and sets you free. I mean Howard’s crap about never forgiving anyone was stupid probably why he had no one around him. No one came to his funeral, but there were a lot of people at mom’s. She forgave. She forgave Howard for a lot of stuff she shouldn’t have-”
“He’s sick. His body is trying to break up the mucus. I could have helped him, but you wanted to come up here and reprimand me. For what? Bringing a kid home for a few weeks because the orphanage he’s at doesn’t have the time or resources to do so? Plus I don’t need your permission to bring a kid home. This is my home and I can welcome anyone I want to in this house. We are not married and I certainly do not belong to you in a way that you feel you can-”
“And then I feel like I hate him. I hate what he did to me, but he was my friend. I…I could have saved him. I don’t know what made him this way.”
Steve gave her a lopsided grin and raised then dropped his right shoulder. The four of them remained silent for a few more minutes. Steve listened to the conversations around him and turned to look at all his teammates.
Bucky swallowed deeply as if knowing the gravity of the situation he and Clint had placed themselves in. They had been with the little black widows for less than two hours and they already knew that Natasha had begun their training. Now they just needed people to practice on. And they just gave them an open opportunity.
Harley went as pale as a ghost and seemed to be seconds from passing out. Peter himself had taken the news and seemed to appear only seconds away from hyperventilating. Steve immediately got out of his seat and rest his hands on their shoulders in hopes of calming them down.
“So no Rogers, this is exactly where I belong,” Cali choked. She looked at the two guards holding her. “I’m ready to leave now.”
Tony laughed and it’s something dark and desperate. It made Steve feel worse. Tony drew back from Steve with a hand over his mouth, trying not to let any sound escape. He tilted his head back and continued to dryly laugh to himself.
Pepper rolled her eyes amusedly, moving to set her papers into a nice stack. “Yes and that was a month ago before you pushed back the meeting with the investors to go take Miles out for ice cream because and I quote, ‘Pep, my son’s pediatrician says he needs more calcium in his diet.”
Bucky took to rotating his shoulder, menacingly. He looked at Steve and saw a cold reserve take hold of his eyes. Bucky brought his hands up to his ear then to his mouth, with which Steve repeated the action.
Natasha let out a breath of relief and seemed to have a little bit of tension leave her shoulders. Clint looked at everything and was probably noting the changes. Bucky silently took in everything all the while waiting for the resident genius to make his appearance. Steve was waiting for the same thing.
He hadn’t even hesitated, when Bucky called in asking what to do with them. What to do with Cali was a whole other issue. Could he send her to the Raft, knowing full well she was one of the main reasons they were able to find Tony? But she had been there and the only reason she actually helped was on the promise of her sister being unharmed.
He raised a hand to press against the cool skin of his thighs. He placed his hands underneath his thighs to warm them up. It was could in the room, always freezing. It used to be warm. Tony didn’t know what he did to make Ryder change it to be so cold. If he had known he would have apologized, crap…he didn’t want to but he was going to catch hypothermia or frostbite, something.  He remembered asking Ryder if he could just change the temperature. Tony nearly cried when Ryder changed the room temperature even lower.
“How can I not blame myself? How can we not blame ourselves for us not being worthy enough to earn the respect of you coming to us and seeking help,” Peter said, lips wobbling. “There were four times you almost died here. Four times.”
Tony shook his head, smiling briefly at Steve’s consideration. “No, I’m fine. You get some rest in. And I’ll talk when I’m ready, but there’s no use in talking when one of us is heavily sleep deprived and the other is so emotionally drained I make Eeyore the donkey look like an excitable child.”
Before his hands pulled at the hem of his sweatshirt a cough stopped him. He nearly fell back, but held himself together. Ryder narrowed his eyes at Steve.
Steve frowned. “Now wait just a minute Bucky…I’m a 100% in this. I’m sorry if I gave you the impression that I wasn’t. I don’t have doubts about anything. I talked to Tony and explained my intentions and I’m not going to go back on them. I know what I want and what I want is him. I don’t need anyone else telling me what I want, or feeling the need to encourage me because I’ve known this feeling ever since I started to know Tony.”
Unfortunately, he could not settle on the implications of this extended guardianship position as his eyes focused on a familiar face standing near the front desk. He widened his strides and walked to the figure.
“Ummm, just no because I don’t need Ryder finding out that I’m going to the orphanage,” Tony quickly explained.
“The best baba,” Miles said. “I was very good. Aunt Pepper gave me lots of stickers, but I didn’t really want stickers. I wanted you, but Aunt Pepper said I can show you the stickers when you got home. I’ve gots lots of ‘em now! I’m gonna show you all of them. You can put them on your superhero suit baba.”
The tension slightly broke in the room for a few seconds, before Pepper looked back toward them seriously.
Bucky and Steve watched on as Clint began to walk in front of him. “He’s really excited to get out of the house, isn’t he?”
The first thing he noticed, when entering Tony’s bedroom was that the room had been neatly cleaned and everything had been placed back in its original position. He didn’t know who had thought of that, but he was thankful. Everyone had felt the steady heavy absence of Tony and would occasionally more often than not find themselves in his room. It was the only place, besides his lab, where it still seemed like they could feel Tony’s existence etched onto the walls and every center of the room.
He sat up from the bed and looked once more at Tony’s sleeping figure. His chest did a weird swooping feeling as he watched Tony. He needed to seriously leave in the next minutes or he would stay.
“And you denied him of that,” she settled. Her mouth quivered as she struggled to compose herself. A sigh escaped her lips and she turned her face to look toward the ceiling. “But Tony is always going to be my family. Mine and Rhodey’s.”
“Ah, yes Ryder Deaver,” one person laughed. “I feel sorry for that poor man that has to be saddled with Tony Stark. Doesn’t he know how much world of pain he’s in from not only associating with him? The Avengers surely did not reap any benefits from being associated with Tony Stark.”
A tense silence filled the lab and Steve wanted to step out and comfort the young teenager. Shuri instead spoke up.
He spent the next hour or so, watching Tony and soothing him any time a whimper crossed his lips. Sleep had just begun to entreat Steve into its hold, until Natasha came into the room. He could see where she had tried to clean the blood from her fingernails.
He woke up to two small hands pressing his cheeks together. He slowly opened his eyes to stare into Miles delighted ones. Seeing that Steve was awake, Miles went and turned to do the same to Tony. Fortunately, Steve’s reflexes were on point and he grabbed the child’s body to stop him from waking up Tony.
It was rare Rhodey allowed himself to cry in front of them. Even Pepper was affected as she wrapped her arms around Tony’s shoulder and rested her head gently against his.
She pressed her earpiece and said, “Found Tony. Sixth floor, room number 608.” She cut it off because she needed to focus on getting to Tony and not on the responses that her statement would have.
So rather slowly he eased his hand out of Tony’s that had grown lax with sleep. Tony mumbled into his pillow and turned to see Steve who was standing up. His eyes immediately began to close off and Steve leant down.
“And sure I felt close to Natasha, Clint, and the others. But you were the one that made me feel like this could actually be a home for me. I know it seems crazy, seeing as how we first were introduced,” Steve laughed then quieted, knowing that he could never apologize enough for the first words he said to Tony.
He supposed a man like him would have no reason to pretend…at least not anymore. Steve stepped forward, the presence of Clint and Bucky grounding him and the comfort of knowing Tony was safe where Natasha was watching over him gave him a sense of ease.
Tony wanted to recoil at the gentle touch. He wanted his body to gain back fucking movement. He wanted to not be weak.
“I don’t do drugs. It’s what made my mom like this,” Harley admitted turning his face away. “I wanted to. I thought it’d bring me closer to her, but she told me she didn’t want me to end up like her. Said she didn’t want me dying of drug use like she is.”
She looked at him in a concerned manner and he tried waving of the concern. “Tony,” she mumbled settling down her briefcase and taking out the Accords. “What happened?”
Ryder placed a warm hand on his lower back and steered Tony further into the room. “So many questions, Tony. I just truly wanted to do something nice for you and seeing as though you like parties I figured I would throw you one.”
“I’ll talk to you later. Seems Tony did need protecting from you after all,” Natasha hissed. Natasha followed where Tony had fallen in the hallway.
Natasha closed the door behind her and stepped inside. “Sam, it’s courteous that I even came through the front door.”
“I suggest you stop talking now, if you are going to keep suggesting that anything in these folders was safe, sane, and consensual,” Steve bit.
“So he took over and started working on how genetic coding could be transferred into another person and mirrored so essentially the two would have the same DNA sequence. Tony somehow found out about this string of research after he came back from Afghanistan. Something was in his dad’s notes about this and Tony accidentally threw them away as a purging of anything related to his father’s weapons. Don’t know how he got his hands on it, but he did. Ryder was furious because once again Tony was dictating his life. Of course Tony never knew it was Ryder behind the research.”
Whelp, that was one way to rip the Band-Aid off. Tony tried to stop the incoming trembling of his fingers, by putting them in his jean pockets. He swallowed the giant lump that had somehow appeared in his throat.
Karen smiled indulgently at Tony. “Tony everything is fine just as it was fine the last time you came. You have done so many great things.”
He could forgive him. Oh he wondered how dear old Howard would have if he could see his son now. But then he remembered exactly what he would have said.
Tony stopped the cart and pressed his hand to his heart, gasping dramatically. “Your aunt said what? I am not tiny. I am a fully grown man and I do not appreciate your aunt saying this nonsense. I’ll have you know I am at a reasonable height. Plus why does height even matter? How about we measure genius. I made my first circuit board at four. I graduated summa cum laude at MIT at 17. My IQ is-”
Steve walked away with not even a second glance back to the nurse. Tony pulled his blanket off of his face slowly to look at Steve in barely hid amusement.
Tony’s lips tilted in a smirk, remembering with all the arguments that stemmed from that fact alone.
So he was conflicted. Looking at Tony’s face, he knew he was conflicted as well. Whether it was because he was already taken or some other reason, Rhodey was unsure.
“Of course Vision,” she whispered his name warmly. Before the two left the room, Wanda leaned over Steve to press a quick kiss to his cheek. “Thank you Steve. I promise I’ll keep in touch.”
May laughed. “When is Peter never hungry? I mean I don’t know if his powers attributed to him eating so much or if it’s just the average growing boy thing, you know? Also thanks so much for watching Peter this week. I really tried getting out of having to go away for the company, but apparently I am their best.”
Tony screwed his eyes shut, before sitting up. He had actually managed to move to the side of the bed, without alerting Steve. He looked back over his shoulder to see Steve scrunch up his face in confusion as his arms met the warm spot Tony once was in.
Tony took the ring out of the box and stared at it. He knew how much attention was paid to this ring and how much care it took to make it. Tony looked up from the ring and then at Steve. All of a sudden a joy so wide and expansive flooded into his chest, nearly stealing the breath from him.
Tony ran his fingers at the collarbone peeking from Steve’s shirt. He wondered how long it would take before the act stopped, the final curtains closed. He hated hospitals, but he wouldn’t mind staying a few more weeks if it meant having this.
“No, it’s fine Clint. Tony is in a good relationship. He’s become a father and he seems happy. That’s all I want for him. I just want him to experience happiness, love, and safety. If that’s all without me, I have to be fine with that,” Steve whispered.
Tony stood up, pushing Steve away from Ryder. Steve stayed still for a moment, but stepped aside when Tony nudged him once more. Steve left room, only enough for Tony to be in Ryder’s line of vision, but not close enough for Ryder to be able to touch Tony.
Steve was brought out of his daydream and felt his cheeks begin to warm. He shook his head at this. “No, I am not. I just was wondering, when he was returning. They have been gone for a while.”
“Alright it’s time to see if you pass the tooth test. You know when the tooth fairy comes she gives an extra special prize to the little children whose teeth are clean,” Tony commented as Miles opened his mouth for Tony to inspect. “Mhmm, oh yes that’s a nice tooth right there. Oh, good teeth yes all clean. The tooth fairy will be very satisfied.”
Tony could just imagine the color rising into Steve’s cheek at the moment. Tony reached out and found contact with Steve’s shoulder and gave it a light shove.
“Tell me again, when you’re awake,” Tony pleaded, leaving one last kiss to his cheek, before turning to leave for the door.
“I know, but you have to get up and get dressed. You can take a nap, when we get back home. But you don’t want to be late. Remember we’re seeing Peter at his school today. Or I guess we will just stay home and tell Peter we will see him later. I guess sleep does sound better.”
Rhodey and Tony both stopped laughing at this. Tony drew himself up, “I promise I’ll delete the video now.”
Tony smirked back before getting more comfortable on the couch. Everyone went back to watching the cooking show. Natasha, Miles, and Peter continued coloring. Steve wanted to talk to Tony and he had been gathering all the strength to talk to him. In his mind he was going through conversations starters.
“Sorry, Steve. Tony was having a nightmare and Miles took that as well you know the bad mean one,” Ryder addressed. “Your baba has told you about that.”
**Any mistakes you see feel free to point them out. I'm editing this at 1 AM, so a few things are bound to slip through the cracks. I'll probably go through with a fine tooth comb a day later myself to re-edit**
“Really, why? Seems like that would be pretty cool to have your cousin involved,” Sam pondered aloud.
“Was I drunk?” Tony questioned knowing full well he hadn’t divulged in past memories while being sober.
Tony tilted his body in an awkward fashion to lean over Steve and brush aside a few stray hairs that were clinging to Steve’s forehead. He let his fingers linger then slowly move to trace his lips that had parted.
Bucky let his hands fall from Steve’s shoulder. “Why on earth would you think that we would let you and Tony deal with this alone?”
“Miles Morales Stark you take that back,” Tony said under his breath. He shot his eyes to the woman hoping that she would eventually take that as her cue to leave. Unfortunately, for Tony she didn’t. Instead she remained exactly where she was and even decided to sit cross-legged beside Tony.
And Tony had been in the dark from all of this. He hadn’t even wanted to know what had happened to the CMPNY or Ryder. He was just thankful he was out of there and that was it. He hadn’t really questioned where Ryder had gone off to.
Clint immediately winced as he said that. “No, that… shit this isn’t coming right after. I fucking suck at this.”
“Then why did you respond so well to me, when I gave you this fantasy of Steve,” Ryder inquired, reaching back to grab Tony’s cock and squeezing it tightly between his cold fingers.
Tony clenched his jaw and looked at the ceiling as though it would give him the answers he needed. He turned his head back down to face Ryder.
“Hi, I am Sam Wilson. Today I am presenting before you the Infinity Fortress Tower. It is marked with four different floors, each floor has three bedrooms. There is a main living area so as to movie nights, seeing as though that is a big part of our lives, when we lay our superhero personas to bed for the day,” Sam addressed.
Steve moved aside and let Tony take center. Crossing his arms over his chest, Steve whispered to Tony, “It’s okay if you miss. I’m pretty sure Jaime is secretly moving the bottles.”
Ryder laughed. Of course being a Stark meant that he could do anything he wanted. Being a Stark meant that he could ruin his life, just like his dad had. And he wasn’t going to let that happen again.
Though there was no doubt in his mind that they loved one another deeply, Steve still had just the smallest of doubts no matter how unfounded they were.
“I should have come sooner. Have you been standing out here long? I know that any person who passes the receptionist literally can stay there forever. One day you’re being entertained with a full musical piece then the next second you can be getting instructions on how to meal prep.”
After hours of homework both resolved to go to the main floor and just relax. They were soon joined by Natasha, Clint, and Bruce. All of them wanted to know why they were home so early and Harley quickly filled them in. Natasha narrowed her eyes, but said nothing. Instead choosing to leave the room for about an hour. When she returned she was pulling an agitated Tony and in his arms was a red and gold journal.
Tony pulled back and waved a finger at the two of them. “Put on a nice suit, huh? You two knew? Of course you did, you all were acting far too strange.”
The next time he woke, his head ache had cleared up and he felt a wet cloth being smoothed over his face. For a brief moment he thought he was about to be smothered to death. Then he noticed that Miriam was knocked out on the chair near the desk. He looked up into Cali’s eyes and saw that she was rubbing some ointment on his face.
“Maybe. But I knew he didn’t love me or even like me like that. So I just decided to start dating other people. I mean it was my second year in college and some of the students were eighteen and I had just turned sixteen, so it wasn’t that much of an age difference. I thought I was just doing what Ryder was doing.”
“Do you know what you did wrong?” Miriam repeated taking off her jacket and throwing it against the toilet seat.
“Sure. Mind telling me exactly what I am joining you all here for?” he said toward Principal Davis, but focusing his attention on his two teenagers.
Tony blinked owlishly and sat in the seat that Steve had occupied. He let his fingers trace the ear that only moments ago Steve had been whispering in. He pulled his bottom lip between his teeth as he felt a smile overcome his expression. He looked around his lab and back at the clock. He had three hours, before he had to meet Steve in the kitchen. He tried pushing down the wave of giddiness that circled around him.
“We would not,” Isak said, brows lowering. “My wife is merely being a gracious host. I fear we do not have enough food to host you. Also I have a presentation I must prepare for, so while it was nice to meet you I must bid you goodbye. Perhaps we can have a video conference on a later date.”
Tony blinked his eyes back owlishly. “I’m saying it’s a mighty shame that Ryder is gone. I sure do miss him and if he were here…well.”
“What’s wrong with yours?” Tony tensely bit back to hide his surprise at the winter soldier lounging in his kitchen.
Steve shrugged his shoulders. “There’s honestly no other good reason than I just wanted to protect myself from your hate. Here I was chasing after the guy who killed your parents. I know how your parents’ death affected you and I wanted to keep that door closed because
“You said you would get rid of it,” Pepper directed at Tony, her face suddenly dangerously close to Tony.
You know what let's continue the trend of just pure light goodness. So here's another chapter of just that...before we begin the "I apologize in advance for many tears shed" 3 part series beginning in Ch. 11 (give or take a chapter).
“What? I’m trying to get Happy to pull the car up front so we can grab some things from the Tower to pack and then we can head to the airport. Do I need to bring something to your parent’s? Like are they wine lovers or flower types?”
Pepper sighed, deciding not to push. “Okay, that’s fine. If you don’t want to talk to us about it right now, then you don’t have to. It can be whenever you feel ready.”
Tony narrowed his eyes at the two of them suspiciously, “No, what’s going on? I see those secret looks you’re passing-and oh my goodness you think Steve’s going to say no? Or do you think he’s breaking up with me…he’s breaking up with me?”
Steve looked hesitant to leave the room, but decided he may need to reevaluate his tactics. After all most of the things he wanted to do to Ryder was thrown out of the window, when Fury had warned him he couldn’t leave a mark on the guy…at least not until they did not have a coerced statement where he revealed that he was Ryder, leader of the CMPNY and kidnapper, abuser, and attempted murderer of Tony Stark.
“Because if I go to sleep, you’ll disappear,” Tony truthfully answered, sleepiness not allowing him to mask his honesty.
“You won’t leave, after everything’s said?” Tony asked once more, knowing it wasn’t fair to make Steve promise this. He shouldn’t have to feel required to stay.
“I just want to help you Tony. I mean you don’t have to tell me, if you don’t want to. Just know that I’m always here to listen,” Steve told Tony.
“Ladies, please you don’t have to do this.” Tony winced trying to move so he could take off pressure from his throbbing shoulder. He looked to both of them, but then settled his gaze on Cali.
He knew this was Ryder and he wasn’t leaving without hearing a confession…and if Steve had his way he wouldn’t be leaving here alive in any case. He’d be lucky if he got sent to the Raft and even then Steve had plans implemented to go into action should Ryder be sent to the Raft.
Sharon smiled at Sam’s obliviousness and even Steve’s own oblivion in why he looked like a lost puppy. “So how did my cousin like his gift? I am assuming it went well, since he was wearing it, but I didn’t really ask him since he got swept up talking to people.”
Ryder sneered as he leaned away from Tony. “I can see just how surprised you were. You were probably up to something you shouldn’t be up to.”
Leauna shrugged. “Maybe I’ve got my dates mixed around. Maybe it’s another special day you’ll be celebrating. Well think of it as an early gift.”
“Please don’t do this. Listen, Winston. I don’t want this alright. You don’t have to do this. I’ll pay you three times what he’s paying you,” Tony pleaded trying to pry off the strong fingers that were digging into his flesh.
