“That so?”  Tony questioned.  His tone was light, but there was something underneath it, a sort of hesitancy that Steve didn’t usually associate with Tony.
“Tony,” Steve called out, then opened his eyes, looking directly at Tony for the first time in what seemed like an eternity. The impact was nearly enough to send Tony to his knees, something heavy seeming to knock the breath out of him.
“That’s fantastic!  Did you train him or…you said he learns, right?”  Steve queried, giving Tony a quick, almost bashful look.  “You said you thought of it, the learning thing, because of the fishing.  What I said about the fishing,” he clarified, then looked back at DUM-E who was, dear God, dropping the cloth and picking it up again.  Steve clapped delightedly.
“What’s she doing here? Get her out! Is this freaking visitor hour or something?” someone was shouting.
And none of the explanations that ran through his head in the next few moments of silence explained the look of abject horror that skirted quickly across Tony’s face as Barton left.
Tony would tell him he was being ridiculous. Tony would tell him a lot of things, but Tony wasn’t here, and he wanted to just… he wanted the control. That was it. The absolute control he had in the room. The complete and utter trust of the man behind the wall, without having to worry about whether he deserved it or not. He wanted that. Needed it.
,” Tony chanted as he thrust in and out of Steve’s mouth, using his throat even as it convulsed around him. “Let it out, my soldier. Let it all out, and just take it.”
“Ah, Mr. Stank, mind if I use your facilities?” the elderly man, who lived on two, asked, drawing a smirk from Barnes.
“Technically, I have three meetings, but I take your point,” Tony said, releasing Steve’s hand and rising from his place on the bed next to Steve.  He reached over and ran his hand through Steve’s hair, gripping it hard enough to get Steve’s eyes on him.  His eyes were glazed and wide, and there were bright red stains of color on Steve’s cheeks.  Tony strongly suspected the rest of the blood was currently rushing elsewhere.
Tony darted a glance over at Jarvis, who was cradling his elbow in one hand and rubbing his fingers over his chin as he took in the roadster.  He should be thrilled.  He should feel exactly the way he described it to Jarvis.  He should feel a lot of things, probably.  Not this…this blinding resentment towards an inanimate—and completely awesome—object.
And now Yankee Doodle himself was sitting across from him in the interrogation room, looking stunned and rather abashed, eyes darting all over the place like he was checking for possible escape routes. What the hell? Why in the world would this guy be in his---oh. Rhodey. Dammit, Rhodey. Okay, fine, good taste and taking the initiative and all that. Ordinarily, this would be a giant basket of mini-muffins coming his dear Rhodster’s way, but right now, this was so not good. If this guy had been in the penthouse, and fuck, he’d given Rhodey the spare room key that night…if this guy had been there and heard what Tony had said to Stern…combined with whatever Batroc was crowing about, that was at least enough for a warrant to get the hard drive.
.  Sorry,” Tony cut himself off, sucking in a bracing breath.  He twisted on the seat to face Steve. “Starting over, okay? I love you.  I want to be with you. For real, not this playacting bullshit. I want to shout it from the rooftops, take out full-page ads, I don’t know, skywrite it or something, I am ridiculously and completely in love with you.”
Thank you all so much for reading and enjoying this little bit of insanity.  They do finally make it to the island next chapter.  It is partially written and pretty much all porn.  Go me.  I intend to do a Steve POV after that and then probably a final chapter of some kind to wrap this one up.
He was in socks, Steve realized as he looked Tony over.  It made him seem younger somehow. Smaller. Tony’s personality always seemed to fill whatever room he was in, all bombast and bluster, quick quips and glib talk that mostly went over Steve’s head.  This Tony, though…oh, the force of personality was there, or the beginnings of it. That magnetism that drew people to him and rolled right past so many over the years that Steve figured Tony probably barely noticed.  The shine, as Steve’s mom would have called it. People wanted to be him, to be near him, to have him notice them.
Tony groaned as he buried his hard cock between the tight cradle formed by the valley where Steve’s thighs were clamped together and held it there for a moment, then withdrew and started rutting in and out in earnest.   Steve turned his head to the side to catch a glimpse of Tony, his eyes slammed shut, his head thrown back in ecstasy as he continued grinding between Steve’s thighs. Steve automatically crossed his ankles to add to the pressure, and Tony hissed in response, motions becoming erratic as his hips started snapping, pounding his cock into the soft, fleshy V formed by Steve’s thighs. Steve could feel Tony’s cock thicken between the cleft of his legs, his balls hardening as they slapped against the tops of Steve’s thighs.
Tony slumped forward and ran a hand up and down over his face, fidgeting in his seat while he watched the clock tick down towards the time when Steve was due to arrive home. It wasn't like he didn't know that he'd let himself get a tad carried away with his transient bit of freedom. He'd basically approached it in the way that Augustus Gloop handled a chocolate river. Get it while you can and drink down everything you can swallow before you get Oompa-Loompa'd.
“You were, what?  Seven, I think it was,” Jarvis reminisced, leaning back in his seat as he dabbed at the corners of his mouth with his napkin.  “Yes, about that.  Tiny thing.  All eyes and hair, if you can imagine it.  Let’s see…my digital clock, the automatic coffee maker, that talking teddy bear, which was absolutely gutted, poor thing.  His mother’s CD player, the computer…”
He watched as Steve raked his gaze over the sheen of the Iron Man armor then nodded. "Yeah," he finally said. "Would you? If you don't want to do it, I don't want to do it."
She sat up a little straighter and blew out a breath. "Well," she said, "that depends on what you want. Do you seek immortality for your bonded, or do you seek mortality for yourself?"
"No," Steve said as he turned around. He pecked a kiss against Tony's lips then set one of the plates down in front of him. "Told you I'd be home," he said, unable to hide the smug preen in his voice, "and I even brought dinner. Looks pretty good if I say so myself."
But Steve shook his head a little, gaze still focused on the road ahead of him. "I still didn't— You didn't ask anything— It was nothing— It wasn't like us."
Anyway, to get back to his point, Tony now knew his gender was more...fluid...than he had previously taken it for. He'd tried to brush it off — no doubt ashamed of this fact — but Steve knew the experience hadn't been as cut-and-dried for him as he'd tried to make it out to be. Tony had fought it at first, but he'd eventually come around to it, not simply accepting it but embracing it by the end, and even now, he occasionally caught Tony staring at himself in the mirror, eyeing, in particular, the parts of his body that had been most affected by the change, putting hands to himself and probably just...wondering.
"Yeah, that could be any of about a thousand people," he said and tried to put some distance between him and the…kid.
Tony gasped a little as she actually had the audacity to reach in and adjust his breasts to best fit into the V-neck bodice of the gown, demanding the double-sided tape from the assistant when she'd gotten the fit just so.
Natasha thinned her lips as she looked over his wrist and then set it back down. "Does he know he did it?"
"Papa, don't you want to see?" Olivia asked, hurt audible in her small and trusting voice. Tony just bared his teeth at her and made a gesture like he was trying to figure out if it was worth it or not to whip his glass at something.
She left, and Tony looked to Bruce for explanation, but Bruce just shrugged and went back to inspecting the other things he'd brought down with him along with the gurney — did one look like a box of extra-large maxi-pads or something? — and so he turned to Barnes and said, "I take it you know what that's about."
Thor smiled, genially, like he was enjoying being able to be the one to explain for a change. "As I understand it, there is a belief on Midgard of the 'soul mate.' To the Goddess and the ancients, they were 'bondmates.' Midgardians romanticize the soul mate but cannot actually sense them."
He tried to scoff, but the sound got caught in his throat. "Well, that— That doesn't mean anything. Barton doesn't know—"
"What? Did you get bored already?" Tony asked without looking up, but there was a tease to his voice.
"I owe it to a lot of people," Barnes added, a little quieter. "And I know there's no way to… I know saying 'I'm sorry' won't cut it, and I know saving your life and being there to help you through the birth of your kid doesn't make up for anything, either, but I just... I don't ever expect you to forgive me for what I did."
But Tony just sat there and shook him by his other arm as he said, "Yeah, well, seventeenth time could be the charm."
Tony turned to Steve, who blushed a little and shrugged. "Maybe I should just stick to boiling things?"
She pointed and frowned. "But that's not th' right one! That's not the one that makes th' waffles that look like Daddy's shield."
So, Tony lay back on the table, the hard vinyl not exactly the most comfortable thing around, and he wiggled around on it as Bruce took his pulse and listened to his heartbeat and made him sit up so he could look in his ears.
Tony closed his eyes and smiled, reveling in the feel of comfort and assurance that Steve's words offered. "I'm gonna hold you to that, old man. You know that, right?"
"I didn't say a word," he replied, and honestly, he hadn't. Clearly this was something they'd come up with completely on their own, though whether it was before or after yesterday's conversation was anyone's guess. If it was after, Steve could only marvel at the turnaround on getting that apparel in time for Christmas morning.
"My passport issued by the United States of America, driver's license from the State of New York, Social Security card,
By the time he got back to the penthouse, half the team was sitting in the living room, chomping on cookies and watching some animated-type Christmas special on TV. Jim, who had arrived in the interim, and Thor had settled themselves into armchairs while Sam, Buck, and Natasha shared space on the couch, Sam with Olivia cradled in his arms and Bucky with a glowering look on his face.
He then turned his attention to the stove where a timer was suddenly beeping, and as Tony tended to the cookies in the oven, Steve grabbed a tree-shaped cutter and said to the baby, "Can you believe we have to work on Christmas Eve?"
"An' Pepper's coming?" the brat cried out with barely repressed glee, clapping her hands together as her face lit up like a Christmas tree.
Tony scowled at him but spied a rich, dark caramel color in his glass. "Is there alcohol in that?" he asked.
"He does not," Steve said, but there was a bashfulness to his words and a slight tinge of pink to the apples of his cheeks.
"Yeah. Daddy says he's a poor 'scuse for a daddy and 's'not half th' man you are. What's that mean?"
Steve turned but had no time to process anything before Tony was on him, arms around him, mouth on his, kissing him desperately like Steve was the only way he could breathe. Steve stumbled backwards a step or two before he caught himself, and he put gentle arms around Tony and kissed back a moment before Tony pulled away, murmuring a choked, “I love you,” to him.
He looked down at the contentedly sleeping form therein, some weird pang hitting him square in the chest as he considered that somehow this was his child. Not biologically, of course. She looked too much like Tony for that. But this little girl with the wispy blonde hair and the big, dark eyes that babbled at him and called him 'Daddy'…
He felt absolutely lousy. He was tired all the time, he was cranky, and his clothes just weren't fitting him the right way, which meant he had to settle for JARVIS ordering him some apparel in the appropriate size and shape for his…figure. OK, it was really just tanks and yoga pants and boring cotton underwear, but it still counted. Bras were annoying, he was fucking breaking out in pimples like he was a teenager again, and his hair, never all that thin to begin with, was even thicker than he could have imagined. It was also a pain in the ass to deal with, which meant, more often than not, that he pulled it back into a ponytail and forgot about it. Sure, he could have chopped it to the length he was used it, but he…kind of liked having long hair for a change.
liked playing with makeup) and his dark hair pulled back in a twist achieved with Natasha's patient help (and hairspray — holy shit, hairspray!). Steve didn't hold it against him too much, clearly too taken by how adorable and gorgeous Tony had made himself if the adoring look was anything to go by, and evidently Steve hadn't run it past Bruce that Tony was going to be attending as well, as when they met him down in the garage not long after, the most Bruce could muster was a confused, "Uh?" as he looked at Steve but pointed at Tony.
Tony nodded, staring down at the baby a moment before he realized what Steve had said, and he looked up quickly at him, frowning, something uncomfortable twisting in his stomach.
Rhodey just frowned and said a simple, "Why?" But there was the hint of a smile in his eyes, so Tony knew he wasn't really upset about the crack.
"Yeah, anyway," Bruce said, clearly like he was trying to change the subject, "why did you want me down here again?"
He pulled back and looked Steve square in the eye, but he didn't pull his arms away from him. "Did you call me
"Tony!" Steve cried, not because it was too exorbitant an amount of money but because he knew Tony was just showing off.
"No, no," Thor said and put his hands up as though to stop Steve's thoughts in their tracks. "Nothing—"
Tony stared at him a moment, quirking his head as a bemused sort of smile stretched over his lips. "You know, that may just be the most insulting thing you've ever said to me."
," he murmured, thinking about the horrible mess of things that was going on down in Tony's lab right at that moment. Clearly, though, they'd been married for as long as she'd been aware. "And you all live here?" he asked, trying to get as much information from her as possible.
Tony could do nothing but groan. "He'd just laugh, the fucker, and tell me not to worry because he knows what he's doing. Why? Because he's Captain America. Babe, that
Steve moaned and squeezed his eyes shut yet again, and Tony snorted a laugh and said, "I forgot how much fun it is to get you worked up. I should make you clean this up with your tongue."
He bit halfway into his slice, and Tony scowled and said, "What's with the third-person all of a sudden? Are you turning into fucking Bob Dole?"
Most of the perpetrators had the decency to look somewhat ashamed and repentant, and Steve lowered his head some and said, "Yeah, that…that wasn't the plan."
Stark made a strangled noise in the back of his throat, and Steve’s mouth twitched the slightest bit as he watched Stark’s Adam’s apple slide up and down as he swallowed once more. For all his bravado, Stark was clearly enticed by the prospect of Steve doing whatever it took to get him to fall in line.
Natasha muttered something under her breath, and it sounded like it was in Russian, which Tony couldn't make out. He'd ask JARVIS to run it again later.
"Did think you would," Tony said and made a move to assume a position then stopped abruptly. "Right, you don't— OK, so you're probably going to want to be the one to lead, yeah? So, you'll want to—"
Tony tilted his head from side-to-side and shrugged some. "Sometimes. It's hard to explain without spoiling too much. Let's just say we have this place, and we have a place in the city, too."
Steve thought about this a moment. "So, I'm not a day over...twe— ah, twenty-five," he said, fumbling for the age at first as he tried to remember just how old he'd been when he'd been serumed-up.
and I are a little, ah, confused by what's going on here, and, uh, you fell and hit your head a little bit, so would you mind if I asked you a couple questions to make sure you're OK?"
better. It flows off the tongue better: Anthony and Steven Stark- Rogers. Even 'Steven Stark-Rogers' sounds better than 'Steven Rogers-Stark.'"
why he dreamt about him. The only question was why would his subconscious cast this fantasy as Howard Stark's
"It's a breast, Steve," Tony said as he threaded his arms into the gown. "You should know what they look like. You've fondled mine enough."
"I mean it," she said and rubbed his leg a little more, not in a way meant to be enticing but rather comforting. He only wished he'd had the desire to shave a little more recently than a couple days before—
"Sorry," Barnes muttered, and for the next several minutes, Tony worked in almost complete silence, his own tinkering and DUM-E's light whirring as he moved the magnifying glass into better positions for Tony being the only thing cutting into the void. He was used to having music play, but he figured his usual hard rock choices would be a bad idea with Barnes in the vicinity. Steve just didn't really care for the stuff, but Barnes was liable to have a bad flashback from the shit.
And then, he closed his eyes and swallowed his pride and said another prayer of 'thanks' to Esmeralda for allowing him the one thing he wanted more than anything: the chance to grow old with Tony.
Tony just tightened his arms and held onto Steve for dear life, breathing in his scent and letting himself feel and accept that yes, Steve was here, safe, in his arms, and he was never, ever letting go.
Steve didn't take his eyes off him, and Tony watched as he reached out and finally put a hand to his abdomen, his large hand splayed out over the barely-there swell. Tony hissed a little and all but shivered at the satiating feeling of possessiveness that thrummed through his body at Steve's touch to his belly — the first time he'd actually done it, but not the first time he'd attempted. It was a strange feeling; not a bad feeling, just a strange one, and one he felt all the way down to his bones. He was Steve's. This was Steve's. He belonged to Steve.
But she just nodded, typing and swiping as she listened, then turned her attention to Steve. "And let's see what we have about the father here."
Tony scrunched his mouth as sleep left him and sensation — achy, stiff sensation — came back to him. He squeezed his eyes more tightly shut as the makings of daylight shined through his closed lids, feeling a small presence at his left side and hot breath by his ear.
The next time Tony opened his eyes, he was back in the penthouse, and he groaned and pressed a hand to his face, dragging it down as the sounds of soft singing caught his ear.
"What do you think it is? I'm going to go with at least nine inches. Sadly, Howard's notes were not as detailed as you might think. And girth. I hear a lot of people talking about girth. I mean, what the fuck good is nine inches if it's as thick as a standard No. 2 pencil? I mean, I'm just gonna assume it's thick, too. Thick and long. I mean, you've seen the rest of his limbs, right? Guy's a fucking tree — one of those big oaks or maples, not some spindly sapling. And a lot of people would probably assume given the time he comes from that he's uncut, but I'm gonna go against that. I'm gonna say he's cut. Why? His mother was a nurse. Plus, he was in the army during the war, and I think they did it to you regardless if you joined the service because it was supposed to cut down on infections and shit like that. What? Why are you looking at me like that?"
"Oh, no!" Tony said and pointed a finger at him. "Don't you do this. Don't you take this all on yourself. I was in on that just as much as you were."
"Damn right you won't," Tony replied and stumbled a little when his head went a little woozy. He caught himself on the edge of the table. "How the hell much did you take?"
It was said just as they were going to bed, on an increasingly rare occasion where Tony was still awake when Steve was finally ready to turn in for the night, Steve sitting on his side of the bed, a contemplative look on his face that bordered on sad. Tony, stuck for anything genuinely soothing or supportive to say thanks to the increasing fog enveloping his brain, just said, "I don't think he
Steve just continued to make a face like Tony was forcing him to keep a spoonful of castor oil on his tongue (see, a reference that Steve could understand) and said, "I don't want anyone getting a picture of her."
"A father," she said with an exhaled breath. "He was a schoolteacher, I believe. Their mother died when they were very young. Other than that, I don't know. I'm not sure."
Steve nodded at him. "That rocking chair." He motioned beside him. "The bassinette." He nodded his head in the direction of the next room. "That room full of furniture."
But Howard and Maria had tolerated him, maybe not liked him, but never actually made him feel like he was an interloper. Part of him suspected it was because so long as he was there, Tony would leave them alone, and it hurt to think that Tony's entire existence was merely due to the fact that Howard would need an heir to pass his company to. Tony had been born simply to run a company, and for nothing more.
Bruce just looked at him a moment then directed some more personnel to take some sort of machine down the hall.
as they were being with things as of late, he wasn't sure he was ready for anything like that to get out just yet — if ever.
"Eh, came on a little strong," Bucky countered. "Sharon, but that got weird when it turned out she was Peggy's cousin."
"I think you're having more fun than she is," he muttered and stacked a pile of clothing boxes atop each other. "How did she knock all this stuff down in the twenty seconds we weren't watching her?"
"I know you were kind of horrified by that photo they got of you at Shake Shack, so maybe you might want to set your fork down now."
"Nah," Rhodey said, swirling his glass some to get the watered-down remnants of liquor and ice to slosh around a bit, "I think that one might have looked kind of cute. You were looking kind of indignant, Steve was kind of smiling — kind of the way you usually look at each other. I mean, no one's gonna put two-and-two together about who you really are, but at least it still looks cute."
"I'm sorry. Did I give details? I can give details, if you want. You know what Steve's really good at? When he takes his finger and—"
Tony sobered and sat back up. "I suddenly don't know if that's you being old or you taking pointers from our resident wannabe hippy."
"Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!" he said and put his hands out to calm her down. "Whoa, Pep, slow down! It's OK. Trust me, it's OK. This isn't something you need to fix. Honestly, I don't think you could fix it, but given a choice between Esmeralda the whatever-the-fuck-she-calls-herself and a tag- team of you and Steve? My money's on you and Steve."
There was a line to get in that stretched down the block, but Hill led them over to the bouncer, met his gaze, then nodded her head toward the other three behind her. He took a quick glance over the other three, nodded, then unhooked the rope to allow them entrance. They filed through, one after the other, Tony grimacing as he did his best to strut in his borrowed stilettos, the booming sound now reverberating off the walls around them.
He just nodded and paged back one more to see the last picture Steve had drawn before that — an unfinished one of Tony,
a lie if we're talking about the redhead that could kill me with her pinky. But look at what I did at my first press conference after that whole thing with— with Obie, with what happened with Obie. What did I do?"
Steve nodded, hands splayed out over Tony's back, fingers toying with the satin straps of the negligée. "Yeah. Even like this. Hell, I kinda consider myself the luckiest son-of-a-bitch in the world."
" he cried out as the screwdriver slipped this time and hit his already sliced hand. He whipped it across the workshop then put firm pressure on his still-bleeding hand.
Not that Tony had a chance to really think about this at all, not when Natasha pressed the accelerator so hard that it threw Tony back against his seat or hit the brake so hard that he inadvertently leaned forward and had to catch himself against the dashboard, noting the tail-end of what he could only assume was a muttered Russian hex put upon the yellow cab that had cut in front of them. If Tony thought Steve was a reckless driver (everyone assumed Steve would drive like an old grandpa; everyone was wrong), Steve had nothing on Natasha, who obeyed the barest minimum of traffic laws as she flew through Midtown, zipped down a rain-slickened FDR Drive, and careened around lower Manhattan until she'd found an adequate parking spot by Worth Street. Bruce was a little shaken by the time he got out of the car, and Tony thought he saw the slight tinge of green in his eyes, but he just clapped Bruce on the arm and said, "Hulk out on my wedding day, and you'll definitely be off my Christmas card mailing list this year."
He kept his eyes open as he looked over Steve's shoulder, not missing the furtive glances and brief hand-waves in their direction. They were talking about them. Of course they were. Wasn't that the plan? But they were talking about them — Captain America and that gold-digging whore, Natasha Carbonell, as the so-called 'traditional media' knew him. #JabbatheSlut as the internet knew him.
"Still a sandwich I wouldn't have said 'no' to being in the middle of," Sam said, and Bucky gently fist-bumped him in agreement.
So, he scrambled a little, thankful that not even Steve was there to see his pathetic attempt, and finding no other choice, he reached up to use the bedpost as leverage, pulling himself to sit up and grumbling as he did so. He sat and gained his bearings a moment, yawning and looking over a room that looked even
—" Steve started to say with a whine, but Tony just reached down and grabbed the book away from him, and he moved out of Steve's grasp before he even bothered to look at the sketch properly.
Steve sighed and dropped his head, bumping his forehead against Tony's as he shifted his arms to put his hands to Tony's shoulders. With his thumbs, he toyed with the crocheted sleeves of Tony's shirt and said, "Of
"Yeah," Sam said, "you two were always big with that eye-thing. Annoyed the crap out of the rest of us. You'd have an entire conversation just by looking at each other."
"Jesus," Tony said as he stepped into the building, a small, tinkling bell ringing as the door swung closed behind him, "who the hell's minding the store if you're here on a food run?"
But instead of responding, Steve scooped Tony up into his arms and carried him up the steps like an eager groom on the wedding night. He kicked the door open with his foot, which sent a shot of want straight down to Tony's groin, and the lights automatically came up a fraction as Steve set him down on the bed and climbed on top of him, covering him, arms bracing him over Tony as he dipped his head to capture Tony's lips with his own. Tony reached up to meet him, hands fumbling with Steve's belt as he worked to undo it, and Steve kissed him one more time before he sat back and unhooked it himself, unzipping his pants and untucking his dark shirt, face flushing and pupils dilating.
Tony sighed out a breath, and instead of saying anything, he went over and put his arms around Steve's shoulders, cradling his head and pressing a kiss to his crown.
Tony awoke to the sounds of clanging, what he took to be pots and pans being banged around in a kitchen.
"Yeah," he said and turned to face Tony, "but it's just—" He stopped short and shook his head, and he seemed to give some thought to what he wanted to say before he continued, "If my ma were here, I think she'd secretly buy up every variation she could get her hands on. She wouldn't have the money to waste, but she'd still do it. Buck would probably just shake his head at that."
He just nodded and handed her phone back to her, and she stroked a hand down his hair and said, "OK, we're almost there. I already have legal looking into it—"
"Tony, please, look," Steve said, and a worried and desperate look had come over his face. "I— I didn't mean
Barnes nodded. "Hey, I remember back during the war, those suckers would practically vaporize you. I mean, what, we're supposed to bring your foot back to your poor mother? In an old shoebox?"
…but we haven't heard anything more from any of the others. They're having a pretty hard time of it. Hydra knew what they were doing."
like it was swollen any, Esmeralda's words be damned. He did have to admit, and this wasn't him being vain, that he did have a rather attractive body as a woman. His own body hadn't been
He stepped into the room and frowned at the rather utilitarian barrenness of it. There was a bed, a dresser, a bureau, and a table with a small lamp on the one side of the bed, the size of which appeared to be a full. That meant he and Steve would have little choice
"Oh, no, sorry, that was totally my fault," the woman said, helping to right Tony again. She smiled at him, a cold sort with very little genuine emotion behind it, and her hands were firm on his arms as she held him. Tony thought the motion odd but didn't say anything, just smiled back at her, noting her dark wire frames and the way her blond hair was pulled tight into a bun at the back of her head.
"Hey, it's either this or me thinking about the fact that Pepper just walked out of my life. I'd really rather not think about that one."
Figuring his bladder would hold out for the time being, he went over and put his hand to the doorknob, and he stood there a moment, flashes of a memory coming back to him — a feisty little spitfire indignant that her room was gone. He took a breath and pushed in, finding himself greeted with nothing but shadows and empty space. Once upon a time, Pepper had plans on using it for an office. Then Tony half-considered converting it to an office until he realized he was better served using his workshop for that. As of late, there had been talk of Steve using it as a studio — he wanted to get back to sketching and maybe even a little painting — but he wasn't entirely satisfied with the light for it. His old bedroom downstairs, he'd said, had better light, and he was still trying to convince himself that having that space for himself wouldn't be a waste of money, time, or resources.
, you sure they're not just really possessive and greedy people? I have honest-to-god had Stark threaten me with a fork because he thought I was about to take the last piece of sausage at breakfast."
this was his daughter from the moment JARVIS had read the DNA results back to him, but this was the first moment he'd actually
Tony shook his head some. "That's not what I mean at all. I just mean that finger quotes are a little too…hip and modern for you."
She chuckled, light and full of mirth. "No," she said, smiling broadly at him, "but I can tell you that you will soon meet someone that can. I suggest to tread lightly."
"Home. Well, the roundabout way, anyway. Livvy, baby, stop kicking the seat. Papa's trying to drive."
"Yeah, I'm going to call 'bullshit' on that one. You know. This is your way of trying to 'hint' it to me, isn't it?"
"Him on his knees," Bucky continued, and Steve's gaze shot over to him in horror, begging him to shut his fucking mouth.
"We like Steve," Natasha said. "But he's a very attractive man. I mean, he doesn't have anything on Thor—" She shared a look with Hill, who nodded her robust agreement. "But he's still very good-looking."
She gave him an odd look, and Bruce shook his head and pressed his face into his palm. He huffed. "Look, it's like I was telling you earlier. Space goddesses—"
Tony hitched in a breath as Steve slid his finger down from his clit to his vagina and pushed in without so much as a how-do-you-do.
,' and she touched my mouth with her finger, and the next thing I know, I'm flat on my back on the ground lacking certain parts and sporting others."
"Look, but do not touch," he said. "She's down for the count. If she stays there another half-hour or so, we should be good 'til the afternoon."
He bristled some and stared at her, and she arched her eyebrow a little higher, if that was even possible, daring him to counter her. Which... Yeah, OK, but so what? There was nothing wrong with it, and besides, he thought it might be...fun for a change. Or something. There was nothing wrong with trying out a tight blouse and a tight pair of jeans.
"Tony, I'm so sorry. I never meant for anything like this to happen. I'd take it back if I could. I'd endure this for you if I could. You know I would."
"Look," Wilson cut in before Steve could finish his complaint, "I'm just putting it out there now: you pair me up with the cyborg, I am totally defecting to the Justice League."
He shrugged. "Suit yourself," he said and went around him toward the living room. "Hey, kiddo, what was that you said about cartoons?"
Steve cocked a challenging eyebrow at him. "Or I could have gotten you to change yours to 'Rogers.'"
Steve shrugged and cut into his toast. "Dunno. More sex?" he said, his tone lilting upward into a hopeful question on the last syllable.
You turned me into a woman. You made it so I would get pregnant. You said I couldn't get rid of it without killing myself."
She hummed again and said, "You are not mortal in the way you once were. You grow older, but you do not age. You wound, but you do not scar. You have not changed one bit from the moment of your transformation — aside from your hairstyle and your apparel choices, at least."
He felt Steve fumble with his hands like he wasn't sure what to do with them before he finally settled on putting them on his sides just above where his waist would have been if he hadn't had a parasite growing inside of him. He kissed Steve, wet and wanton, for a moment before Steve pulled back, lips glistening with saliva and brow furrowed in confusion.
. Jesus Christ, I swear, you do it on purpose. Make like a choirboy in public so when I try to educate people on the sex-obsessed, dirty old man that you are, no one believes me."
"That's a long time!" she cried, the tiniest wobble evident in her voice. "Papa said it wouldn't be that long!"
went back to the way it was supposed to be because, as it turns out, I kind of got, er— OK, look, this probably isn't the sort of thing you want to hear, us having the history we do with each other, but let's just say my current paramour and I maybe kind of experimented with, uh, traditional, male-female missionary style sex — and other positions as well! God, we're old, but we're not that lame — and, um…it turns out I was a
Tony watched as he turned the ring over in his hand, almost like he was inspecting it or looking for something, and Steve said, "We should get these engraved."
"Yeah," he said, the makings of a smile on his face. "I know. Maybe I just wanted to make sure. I don't know. But you… I trust you."
"Why not? That's how this all started, isn't it? Your buddy Wilson messaged you that there was a sighting of your little pal, and you decided you had to drop everything to run and chase after something that, let's face it, is pretty much a pipe dream at this point."
Luckily, Steve had the same level of morbid curiosity as he did, and during a moment of quiet when Olivia was napping and the other Avengers were occupied elsewhere, they sat at the island in the kitchen, a bottle of milk and two glasses between them.
She couldn't hide her amusement. "You think he would have been perfectly OK admitting to himself that he was sexually attracted to Howard Stark's son right out of the gate? Or ice, in his case."
"Yeah, but I really feel like I'm being discriminated against and being forced to jump through more hoops than, well,
"Uh," he said and looked around then grabbed a handful of toilet paper from the roll. "No! No, I, uh, I got it. I mean I'm OK. I mean—"
fix it, but I don't know about 'no time flat.' They probably weren't using Stark technology in that thing. Fuck, for all I know it was Hammer tech, and if that's the case, we're better off starting from scratch."
He couldn't find it, and he whined and yanked open the cabinets and pulled out the bag of free-trade coffee beans.
Barnes shrugged. "I don't know. Once or twice. We were all hanging out down on the floor you claim never gets used—"
happen, and it didn't crash and burn horrifically like all this other relationships had…that was just a little too much to bear. Because evidently that Tony Stark had been a much better person than he had been, and that Tony Stark had deserved happiness. Deserved a husband that loved him. Deserved a daughter that worshiped the very ground he walked on—
Tony hesitated, and Steve seemed a little surprised as he asked, "Could you do that? I mean, you can tell that just from this?"
"'—yeah, well, thing is, it wasn't enough excitement for me. So, I said fuck this and decided to become an Avenger.'"
He shook his head. "Nah, it's… Steve said you're good. He trusts you. Thinks you're a fucking genius. Almost get the feeling he thinks you walk on water."
Tony shrugged and set that small, black device down. "I don't know if I can answer that. The most I can say is that when it comes to you and I and the things we've seen on and done to each other, there's really no stone left unturned. Maybe some of that's muscle memory on your part. I don't know. Not the worst side I've seen of you, at any rate."
Steve just shot Barton the Stare of Disapproval, and Natasha bit her lips as though to hide her smile. Wilson tried to hide his laugh behind his glass of orange juice. Barnes just said, "Jeez, Stevie, they really got your number, don't they?"
needed it, necessarily, but jumping spryly out of the bed on a whim was not as much of an option for him now as it had been in previous months.
Steve swallowed again, and though he knew this could very well be his undoing, he knew with every fiber of his being that it was the absolute truth of the matter.
"Nope," Tony said, the voice just barely making it through Steve's haze of lust, "gotta go a little lower than that, soldier."
. He understood what was causing the pains — or why they existed, he should say — and he had to say, nature had
She thinned her lips, her eyes softening. "Oh, Captain. After what I was able to do to your bonded, do you really doubt my abilities?"
He could have heard a pin drop the way all the others literally stopped in mid-motion to look at him, surprise and confusion written over their faces. All except for Steve, of course, who stood smiling by the coffeemaker, Olivia in one arm and a bottle in the other hand. Steve ducked his head and decided to focus on feeding the infant while the rest of the team gawked at Tony, and it was Barnes, of all people, that broke the silence by turning to Wilson and saying, "Wasn't he just a woman?"
at my breast. Why? Because I gave birth to your child. Why? Because I got turned into a woman and got pregnant by
Tony stopped just outside the building, and he held the door open for Steve and ushered him in. Steve stepped in, surprised by how…not exotic it looked (he'd only ever been inside one Chinese restaurant in his life, and they had definitely played up the exotic aspect of it). There was a cash register just inside the vestibule, and a man in a leather jacket was standing there watching and waiting as the cashier rang up what was evidently in the several cardboard boxes sitting on the chairs to his right.
Thor smiled. "But it is the fruit of your union, however unconventional the method of conception was. It is truly something miraculous and blessed, for there are many beings of the realms that consider such an event to be both beautiful and sacred."
"Open your mouth," he murmured and pulled Tony's jaw down and open. Tony aided the measure, attempting to relax his jaw as Steve added, "Eyes on me. I want your eyes on mine at all times."
“Ready when you are,” Steve replied, looking at Tony with the soft, crinkle-eyed expression that made Tony’s insides melt.  The camera flashed, and Tony turned again, trying to smile through stinging eyes.  It flashed again, and he felt Steve’s lips against his cheek.  Again, and he was turning to Steve, catching Steve’s mouth with his own.  One last time, and Steve was pressing a kiss to Tony’s forehead, Marvin smashed between them.
Tony crawled over on his knees, sitting back on his heels as he looked at Steve. This was what every Alpha dreamed of, after all. Their Omega bowed before them, fully presented and waiting to be knotted. Easily half the porn on the planet involved just this scenario.   He’d expected it to be insanely hot, of course, and it was, but it was…it was something more, somehow, some kind of deep promise bound with hope and love and not a little bit of terror.
“Huh?” Tony mumbled.  He was already slipping inside the garage again, holding the door ajar with just his elbow.  “Oh,  yeah, fine--six.  See you then.”
“We’ll still supply plenty of tech to the military.  Lots of what we do now, you don’t even see.  Hardware and software behind the scenes, body armor, drones that can scan for IEDs, advances in medical and disaster response,” Tony explained, warming to the idea of a shared topic.  Besides, he was still trying to figure out how SI could help soldiers, without continuing to manufacture weapons.  They’d had God only knew how many internal meetings on the subject, brainstorming sessions with R&D, and all kinds of powwows with the brass, but it couldn’t hurt to pick the brain of someone who’d actually been out there dealing with it in realtime.
Tony jerked his head at the wall of weapons and armor. Steve walked over and picked the one he wanted off the hook that held it.  Round and gleaming, just longer than his forearm, it wasn’t his shield, not even close.  Too bulky, not the perfectly weighted disc he was used to, and the grip was all wrong.
“You think Fury sleeps hanging from the ceiling or what?” Tony asked as he sauntered inside and plopped down on the bed next to where Steve was reclining with a tablet in his lap.
“You should wear them. Then, the King will see how much you want to be with him,” Cam added.  There was something in his tone, a subtle warning that Steve barely caught, but it was there.  Cam was a lot of things, but he was far from naïve, Steve knew.  His spread of special things tonight was as much his own apology as he intended it to be Steve’s, and the boy wasn’t wrong.    What better way to assuage any word that might reach Tony’s ears than by seeming to embrace this life?
“He’s gone to visit his mother,” Stane said without looking up.  “I thought it better that you and I should talk alone. Away from prying eyes.”
“Nguh, fuck, holy fucking Christ, Steve,” Tony said, squirming slightly, one hand coming up to scrub over his face. His eyes were wide and fixed on Steve, dark with arousal, face flushed and damp with sweat, nearly undone and desperate with need. Steve couldn’t help the surge of power-fueled lust at the sight. He was doing this, making his Alpha feel this way, and the thought sent a heady, wanton warmth coiling low in his belly where he could feel his own cock harden even more at the sight.
“Well, sounds like Team Happily Ever After has a mission,” Steve replied with a grin.  His eyes were bright as he looked down at Tony.  “Feels like we’re gonna have to say it,” Steve said with a dramatic sigh.
“Inside me,” Tony mumbled, though it came out garbled, like his tongue was too big for his mouth. “Want to feel you.  Want to feel full of you.  Please.  Please, Steve.  Let me feel you.  Gods, just—I’m good, I’m good, please.  Need you inside me.  Going to feel so good.  Feel full of you.  Be yours.  Let me be yours, gods, please, just--fuck.  Fuck. Fuck, Steve, please!” Tony stuttered, the last ending in a thready, high-pitched cry as Steve’s fingers curled deep inside him, brushing against the spot he knew drove Tony mad.  Tony tipped his head back, body arching like pulled on a bowstring.  Steve felt like he couldn’t quite get enough air into his body, and Tony’s words sucked the last of it out of him in a whoosh, his whole body stiffening and shuddering.
“Tony likes it when Steve does all that romantic bullshit.  Loves it.  Completely falls for it.  The cheesier, the better,” Rhodey said.
If he was a better person, a good person--not even a great person, just good, just someone who put Tony’s happiness above his own--he would break the Bond. Let Tony go.  He looked down at the space socks with their bright golden colors and an arrowhead symbol that looked a bit like the point of a compass.
It was, Steve supposed, the only kind of strategy someone like Cam could afford to think about.   Someone like Cam, Steve scoffed.  Was he really all that different?
Steve wrapped his lips around the round head of Tony’s cock, letting his tongue slide around it.  He loved the feel of the smooth, soft skin pulled taut with Tony’s need.  Carefully guarding his teeth, he sucked, lightly at first, then in earnest, lapping at the head with his tongue and finding the slit, worrying at it with the tip of his tongue until a gush of precome filled his mouth.  Above him, Tony groaned and twisted his hand in Steve’s hair, pulling just enough for Steve to feel the rough pressure of it.  It felt like being lifted, though he knew that wasn’t possible. Still, his body felt buoyant, lighter, and he closed his eyes, falling into the sensation.
“Look, what else do you want me to say?  Yeah, I screwed up,” Tony snapped back, voice rising again before he could catch himself.  He sucked in a bracing breath and tried to calm his frantically beating heart. This wasn’t how any of this was supposed to go.   He could almost see the life he had already partially built in his head with Steve slipping through his hands like sand, and as much as he tried to grab for it, it just made it worse.  He needed to calm down. He needed not to be so damn defensive, he knew that, but this whole thing felt like it was spiraling out of his control, and Steve…he was losing Steve. He could feel it, creeping up his spine, the desperation, the need to fix this, to be better, to be good enough, and that ship had probably already sailed, hadn’t it?
“It…yes,” Steve said, somewhat hesitantly.  Rhodes was Tony’s best friend, confidant and military advisor, after all.  And, Tony was Rhodes’ King.  “It has been.”
“James!  I didn’t know you were in town,” Pepper said, shooting Tony a disgruntled look as she got up to hug Rhodey warmly.  “It’s so good to see you!”
“I’ve been doing a lot of that lately, sure.  The company. My father’s legacy. What would he think about the state of the world we’re in now and how we’ve—how
“Please.  Please, I need…” Tony stammered, out of breath or out of words, he wasn’t sure.  Steve’s hand slowed, then stopped.  His thumb rubbed a circle over the head of Tony’s cock, and Tony groaned, low and deep.  He could feel it echo in his chest.  A sharp cry gutted out of him, followed by a high, keening whine as Steve ran his thumb over the slit at the head of Tony’s cock, back and forth, slowly, but with a gentle pressure, digging in just enough to reach the delicate flesh inside.
“Be right there, Maria,” Howard called out, his gaze sharp on Tony.  “Whatever it is you’re thinking, don’t.  That’s your problem, Tony.  Always trying to figure something out instead of just letting those who know better handle things.  Well.  Not this time, do you hear me?  We can’t lose this chance.  I know you’re thinking you can make the Captain change his mind.  And yeah, you could do that,” Howard said, voice low, like they were conspiring, like this was, in any way that mattered, a group effort.  “But, and you listen to me, boy.  There is no outcome here where you skip merrily home and go back to your little “inventions,’” Howard sneered, the way he seemed to have to in order to get the word out whenever he applied it to Tony.  “Your books and those online courses you think I don’t know about.”
“Anyway, we’re supposed to use the pieces to express ourselves, though so far, my feelings tend toward shouting ‘It’s Not a Bowl,’ apparently,” Steve replied.  “I don’t know, I think Sam just wanted to find something that makes me interact with people.  Sometimes it’s hard.  Talking to people who weren’t over there.  But, I have to talk about the glass, what to do and how to do it, or I’m just going to screw it up, so.  So, I try to do that.”
“Up, eat,” Tony said as he chewed, glancing over at Steve.  He looked haggard, and Steve wondered if Tony’s sleep had been as disturbed as his own.  “It will be a long day, I’m afraid.”
So, really, no reason to  wonder what Steve thought about it all, if maybe he looked at the marble and steel, the warm woods and Pepper’s carefully curated art collection, and wished he’d made a different choice.  As giant middle fingers to your ex went, the Tower was certainly right up there, Tony supposed, then grimaced at the thought.  We are going with this has nothing to do with Steve, he reminded himself forcefully.  Nothing.
“But then she might know,” Bucky said, giving Steve a wide-eyed look that dropped into a smirk.  “Go get your gameface on, Stevie. Remember. Speechify the hell out of them. Or hit Stark up for some petty cash. Whatever.”
“Spread yourself for me,” Steve told him, voice hitching a bit on the last of it.  It took a second for the words to filter through the haze of pleasure-pain that spread outward from Tony’s cock and shook through his muscles, but when they did, he let out a groan and turned his face to bury it in the bed.
“Steve!” the woman, Nasha, said, shaking her head in amazement, then running forward to throw herself into Steve’s arms. “It’s really you! I can’t believe it!”
In the distance, Tony heard a ship’s horn sound, long, low bursts that rent the night air.  He could see the white puffs of his breath as they walked, and soon, the lights lining the river’s edge where it started to empty into the ocean beyond.
“Do you?  I doubt it.  I know what you think about me.  You aren’t wrong, I suppose,” she replied with a small, almost indifferent shrug that looked like acceptance. “It isn’t fair, is it?  You.  It isn’t fair that you are who you are and I am who I am and your father is who he is.  None of that is fair.  The world…it isn’t made for someone like you. I knew that from the time you were a young child.  It would destroy someone like you.  It would have to.  Someone like you…you would make them have to see, and oh, they don’t like that, do they?” she said, head twisting at an angle, eyes narrowing to sharp slits.  “So, I gave you what I could.  What I knew.  Our armor is artifice, I know.  A smile.  A compliment you don’t mean.  A bit of skin when you’d rather cover up.  A well-kept house, a good meal. A cup of hot chocolate when we aren’t supposed to see.  These are how you survive, Anthony.  These are the tools you have, but you…you could never quite get the hang of them.  So, I worried.”
”  He let out what even he could admit was a somewhat unmanly yelp of surprise, and his mouth fell open in shock.  His stomach swooped, and his heart started knocking against his chest so loudly he could swear it reverberated into the room.
“I told you.  First night,” Tony repeated.  He held Steve’s gaze, eyes dark and steady, though he was moving around with the sort of nervous energy Steve was used to associating with Tony.  Hands bobbing, fingers clenching in the air, a sense of movement that was held just barely in check, the way a horse stands with its ears pricked, ready to bolt. “Steve,” Tony said softly, head tilting to one side.  “Have you ever even kissed anyone?”
“So…ah, that’s, you know. The basics of it,” Tony mumbled, turning to look out the window as they climbed the winding road that spiraled up the side of the mountain.   “You have no idea what I just said, do you?”
those hard days, exactly, even if he hadn’t understood them.  Sometimes, Steve had just needed to chill out, everyone did, right?  And it just so happened that often meant hanging with Tony, which that part had been nice, Tony could admit.  Stupidly nice. Really, really stupidly nice, Tony thought with a sigh.  Ty never wanted to just hang out. They always had to be doing something.  Creating, inventing, talking about how they were going to remake the world, talking about how great their ideas were.  Well, mainly Ty’s ideas, since Tony didn’t really have anything all that great yet, though Ty was helping. At least Ty understood what Tony was talking about. That was something.  Even if he didn’t ask questions or ever sound amazed.
Tony was mid-motion to trying to quiet his steps and make it back inside before Steve noticed (caught) him when he heard Steve's voice.
By the time Fathers’ Day rolls around, they’ve only had Lily Maria for a short while, and have been mostly hanging out with her at the Malibu house, just being parents and getting to know each other.  Steve took paternity leave from SHIELD, Coulson got to make a brand, new form, and Tony still bemoaned the fact that he missed the whole conversation with Fury wherein Captain America told him he was taking three months off to change diapers and read Goodnight Moon.
“That’s good.  That’s good, Anthony.  I—well, I suppose I just wanted to wish you a Happy Birthday.  Your father said to tell you the same.  He has a meeting with one of the suppliers or I’m sure he’d tell you himself,” she lied smoothly.  Of course, by this point, it had to be easy for her.  Tony thought she might even have convinced herself she believed it.
Well, that wasn’t exactly getting over it, Steve thought as years of Army life kicked in to keep him from spilling all over the sheets.
He’d asked about the punishment, idly, casually, as if it was merely curiosity, and Cam had stared at him, wide-eyed, head shaking.  Flogging.  If you were lucky.  Hobbling, if you weren’t.  A hobbled slave could not work, and a slave who could not work, did not eat. Would Tony do that?  He thought there was a part of Tony that could be terrible in his anger, but cruel?  He wasn’t sure.
,” he said, casting a hand out towards the shield.  “I don’t expect…Well.  I don’t expect anything.  You don’t owe me anything, Tony, so don’t—whatever you think you have to do or say—“
Tony let his mind wander a bit while the Alphas droned on in their attempt to be chosen as Steve’s best friend or whatever the hell they were up to.  Steve hadn’t introduced Tony to any of them, which was fine.  More than fine.  It was nice, actually. He didn’t even have to pretend to be interested.  He could enjoy drinking his punch, admiring the décor and replaying Steve telling him he was beautiful in his head.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, reaching blindly for Steve with a dry, heaving sob.  His head dipped to Steve’s chest. He didn’t mean to cry, not in front of Steve, but it was all suddenly too much. Steve’s arms wrapped around him, pulling him close.
“You could be I Swear I’ll Never Even Think It,” Jim said smoothly.  “He rolled his eyes.  Is that okay?”
That was probably overstepping.  And weird.  It would be weird, right?  If he did something like that, maybe Tony would feel obligated to acknowledge Steve--acknowledge
Neither option sounded particularly appealing, but he did want to look good for Steve tonight.  Well, not
, dammit, and that counted for something.  Most people in his position didn’t even bother, and then there were these jerk-offs judging him for every perceived misstep.
The battle had gone well enough, no major injuries and Tony assured him the damage was mostly to retro collections trying to make the eighties come back and wasn’t any real loss. Tony grabbed him to fly back to the Tower, wrapping metal arms tightly around him as they took off into the air, and Steve spent the ride back thinking about where the more vulnerable suit joints were located.  When Tony dropped him back on the Tower’s platform, suggesting they raid the fridge for leftovers, Steve had really had about all he could handle.  He shoved Tony back against the wall, pinning him with his body and driving his tongue down Tony’s throat as deeply as he could, catching Tony’s groan as he did, and God, that was good, better than good, it was warm and wet and tasted of scotch and Tony and Steve really would feel badly about coming all over the uniform, but there probably wasn’t going to be any help for it if they did this much---
“I--what?” Steve stammered, his mind doing its own interpretation of a ping-pong ball at the sudden conversation shift.
The glittering hotels of the Strip slowly faded into the distance, and, seemingly, along with it, everything that set Vegas apart from any other post-Depression city, except that it had a parched, bland look that maybe only a desert landscape could pull off.  Neutral-colored houses and half-rented strip malls boasting the ubiquitous nail salon and dry cleaners sprang up next to the kind of gas stations where the key to the restroom came on the end of a chain attached to a brick or something, Tony guessed.
“Good,” Steve replied.  “Fine.  They’re fine.  Clint got a haircut.  If that’s not too much information for you.”
“Ms. Romanov asked me to see to this personally,” the first man said.  “So.  Here I am.  Seeing to this all personal-like.”
Steve’s head jerked up from his notecard as Tony entered the room from the balcony, drawing Steve from his reverie.  Tony was mid-conversation on his phone, something about stock prices and a lockout, which didn’t sound good, nor did his clipped tone, though he just shrugged in Steve’s direction and shook his head, mouth flattening and eyes rolling dramatically.
Then…there had been an island…had the Avengers fought an island?  He scanned the HUD feed, and found a rather large delivery order from Le Bernadin waiting for confirmation, thirty-two emails from real estate agents promising an island paradise any Omega would love, a spectacularly huge bill from Neiman’s,  a somewhat concerning list of overdose information for various drugs and a note about two solid rocket boosters possibly located in Novosibirsk.  What the holy hell had he been doing while all hormoned-up?  He was pretty sure he didn’t want to know the exact details.  Embrace the fugue.
His hair was its usual uncooperative self, but he at least managed to get it looking less like it was styled by sticking a fork in a light socket.  A dot of cologne went on the insides of his wrists and behind his ears.  He YouTubed how to do smoky eyes, but by the time he had finished his first attempt, he came to the conclusion that the YouTube channel was sponsored by raccoons, because he didn’t look so much smoky-eyed as about-to-rifle-through-your-trash-for-scraps-eyed.  Getting the eyeshadow off left his face red and blotchy in patches, but at least he was less likely to be mistaken for the Hamburgler.
He nodded. "Yeah, I explained it." He jumped up and went over to meet him, and he went up on his toes and kissed Steve before he said, "What's in the box?"
"Just kissed?" he asked because that was about the only thing he could wrap his mind around at the moment.
Tony tweaked a smile at her then went back to the chair and sat down. He huffed a little and tried to get comfortable, shifting position every ten seconds until Steve said, "
I've ever done in life. Was I really that bad? Was I that much of a jerk? Was I that that much of a sleaze?"
"Really? Because that's what it sounds like to me. Look, honey, I get that during the war it looked like the easier road, but nowadays? Doesn't really matter. Like I said, Supreme Court ruled on it. It's legal nationwide. I don't just mean sodomy, I mean marriage period. Two men, two women, man-and-woman — doesn't matter. Wouldn't your pal just want you to be happy no matter who it was with?"
The quiet of the West Village on a Saturday afternoon was actually kind of a welcome respite from the more tourist-traveled Midtown. Meeting up there might have been more convenient to him, but this was a meeting he didn't want getting out — not because he was doing anything
But he was an orphan. Tony was an orphan. They both knew what that was like, and Steve would never wish that kind of pain or struggle on any kid.
He shrugged again. "You're not the only thing we talk about. Just comes up sometimes because, well, not everyday you see a fella turned into a woman."
"Probably," Rhodey said, completely oblivious to the tumult going on in Tony's mind. "So, how's it working for you two? Are you taking his name?"
Tony again watched him stuff crinkle cut fries and then another large bite of what looked like a double into his mouth then said, "Can you come up with any more bad lies?"
"Yeah?" Jim chimed in, fiddling with his napkin as he sat back in his chair. "Sounds like there's some things he didn't tell us."
"You know I don't care. I love you both ways. I love you either way. Anthony Edward. Antonia Natasha. You're still the same person underneath it all. You're still the same person I asked to marry me. I only want you to be happy and safe and protected."
"What the hell are you doing?" Tony cried and watched as Steve struggled to get free of Thor's grasp as Thor carried him over to the elevator.
It ended up taking about half-an-hour for Steve to polish up his shoes, his 'not as good a job' being a pretty particular and meticulous endeavor that made his wingtips practically sparkle. They missed the ride with the others, Natasha calling up the stairs that they were leaving now and Tony having to call back down that they weren't ready yet because
He did believe. It was the quiet, rational part of him, but he did believe what Steve had said. He believed that Steve would find this broken-down body attractive, would love Tony no matter what he looked like. He believed it because it was Steve, and Steve was the most honest guy he knew. He would never say anything like that if he didn't mean it from the bottom of his heart. He loved Steve, and Steve loved him, and that's what mattered.
"Yeah, no thanks," he called back to him, but he heard the telltale sound of the elevator doors closing, and he sighed and slumped back into the couch for all of about two seconds before he got fidgety, and over the hump of his belly, he saw Steve's tablet sitting on the coffee table ahead of him.
Cap just sat there a moment, arms still folded, before he said, "Is there something that's brought this on? Is Miss Potts—"
me. You broke my fucking heart, and you walked out like you didn't even care, like it didn't faze you. You left me standing there wondering what in the
There was a story there of some kind — so long as Tony was on the level, anyway — but unless he was smart about his word choices, Tony wasn't going to give away anything.
He sighed out a breath and reached up with his other arm to complete the embrace, and he nestled his head so that his mouth was by Tony's ear and whispered, "I just hate that we didn't
And now he was expected — what they wanted of him — was to join some group of super- powered individuals to help bring to justice some trickster alien from another world. It was a testament to what he'd seen in the war that he didn't just laugh in their faces and hightail it the hell out of there the moment they'd told him that. No, he didn't believe this trickster was a
But it was in the way he held himself that Steve saw so much of the man he had loved once upon a time — and maybe even still loved. The way his head was bowed and his shoulders were hunched as he concentrated on his phone, the way he protected himself as he blocked out the world around him. There was some authority and command to him, but Steve still saw within him vestiges of the man that had wanted nothing more than to tinker and create. He was a builder — a mechanic, as he had once called himself. He fixed things, he built them, he created them. He ran a company (or had run up until six months or so ago) because he was tasked with running a company, not because he so desired it. He had told Steve once that, if Steve said the words, he would tell his father to fuck off and live the rest of his days as a grease-monkey. Steve might not have belonged to the moneyed world of the Starks, but Tony would gladly slip into Steve's world of the hourly wage-earner. If it meant getting to be with Steve, he would do anything he asked of him.
Tony just stared at her, tilting his head and blinking, his mouth stretching into a somewhat bemused smile.
Sam nodded. "OK," he said, "why don't we try to narrow this down? Steve, what exactly makes you think you and Tony have plans?"
," she said with a sigh, though she didn't sound annoyed or even tired. More amused, to be honest. "
He tugged a bit on Steve's arm, and Steve followed him over to the other side of the ballroom where Nat stood beside a table, a glass of champagne in her hand and looking so elegant and put- together in her red, strapless (and yet off-the-rack) gown that Tony knew she was going to make even Pepper look like a ragamuffin. Bruce stood beside her, looking uncomfortable in a slightly ill-fitting rumpled tux that had to have been rented at the last second.
Including Steve, who stood in front of the lectern and had been coerced into donning his old dress uniform — the double-breasted officer's tunic from the war with the ribbons and the collar pins and the brass buttons down the front and over each hip and breast pocket. They'd even gotten him to put his cap on and shine his shoes, and Tony thought that, if not for the relatively modern haircut, he was seeing Steve —
Tony bent his arm a little so he could reach up and stroke the hairs at the back of Steve's head. "Kinda, yeah. You're still seeing the guy that he was, not the guy that he is. That guy died a long time ago, babe, sort of like how one Steve Rogers died when he went into the ice and when he came out, another one took his place."
at least one person going through your food or watching TV in your living room? I know we're not Steve, but we're not going to abandon you. You're ours, Stark. You're stuck with us, whether you want us or not."
"Yeah? I mean every word of that, and I'll repeat it every goddamned day for the rest of our lives until you believe it." Steve kissed his crown again and added. "You are the most important thing in my life, and I'm going to do right by you if it kills me."
"Ugh, I'm starting to rethink my life choices," he muttered as Steve brought his other hand around and rested both on either of Tony's hips and began to toy with the straps that connected the bustier to the thigh-high stockings he wore. "Marrying nonagenarians is bad for my health, no matter how fucking hot they look in their service uniforms. I did tell you how fucking
"The fuck I can't. He spent seventy goddamned years as the Winter Soldier. Steve seems to think he can go right on back to being
," over-top of him to try and get him to shut up, and finally, he did, blinking as he looked at Tony in equal parts worry and embarrassment.
Tony nodded his understanding then tossed his napkin onto the table and got up, letting Steve keep hold of his hand as he led them away from the table and over to a bank of windows that looked out to the western side of the island as well as Jersey and beyond. The lights of the expanse shone before them, the sun having set some time ago, and Steve took Tony's other hand in his grasp and said, "They're plotting something. I don't know what it is, but they're plotting something."
Steve just looked at him, flat and unimpressed, while the doctor smiled yet again and said, "I know you're uneasy about this, but I will need to examine you. Especially in light of your…
Bruce smiled at her, and Tony found himself jealous for only a second that he seemed to have such a natural rapport with children, the kind that Tony knew he himself never would.
Tony hummed in understanding and took the baby into his arms, cradling her and supporting her and staring down at her soft little face with her pouty lips and her feathery lashes. He bent his head and kissed her forehead, and he hummed again, this time a nondescript little tune, as he padded his way around the island loaded with feasting Avengers and into the living room. He could hear the others discussing the layout and setup of their proposed laser tag arena that — yeah, OK, maybe it wouldn't be the worst thing in the world. He could probably figure out something that would keep them entertained until the novelty wore off.
She didn't get the rest of it out before Steve sighed, and Tony felt his shoulders drop some. "Seriously?" he asked, sounding resigned to his fate.
And his own fucking husband was back there with him. Where he wanted to be — where he'd always wanted to be. Because...
Barnes looked around at the assembled crew, and he shook his head a little then motioned to the ketchup bottle on the other side of Wilson and said, "Hey, could I have the ketchup?"
He snapped a bra on, rubbing his slightly tender breasts through the padded material to give himself some comfort, before he shimmied into the pajamas. He towel-dried his hair and pulled it into a ponytail, and it was as he was carrying the towels back to the bathroom to hang up (because unlike
Tony went through three-quarters of a loaf of bread by the time everything was said and done. He got two slices out of it. Steve, very gladly, ate the rest and then conveniently disappeared right around the time Tony was getting ready to clean up the mess of breakfast dishes. He stood there, staring at Steve's departing form, dishes in-hand, and he rolled his eyes and turned to the dishwasher, grumbling about how Steve would be living in his own filth if it wasn't for him.
"Pepper, I don't know what you want me to say. Do you want me to go out and have a press conference and tell the world what happened? Do you really think that's wise?"
Tony just stared at him, silent, unsure, and a bus rolled on up to the curb and stopped to let a passenger disembark. Tony glanced over to it before he nodded his head and said, "This your bus?"
Steve rocked his hand a few more times then gently pulled Tony's hand away, his fingers sliding out with a disgusting and yet provocative squelch. He took Tony's used fingers in his mouth and sucked them clean, and Tony totally didn't mean for the surprised little moan that slipped out of his mouth at that.
Steve just raised an eyebrow at him but added, "Mother's intuition, I guess. I think she sensed something about me that maybe I hadn't even admitted to myself at the time."
"Look, I'm going to stop you right there. You can think I'm crazy all you want, but I know what I feel, and in my bones, I feel that Steve is still alive. I can't— I don't know how to explain it, but Steve is still alive. I can feel it. I know— I just
"I know," he muttered, eyes suddenly a little watery and voice a little choked. Fucking hormones. "Old habits."
"I don't know," he said and speared at a slice of tomato. "I kind of enjoyed what we did last night."
Steve snorted a laugh but didn't lessen his hold on Tony any. "Gonna take a lot more than that to get rid of me."
"It's a 1952 RCA TK-11," Tony said, impatient and ready to just get this over and done with. "What do you think it is?"
." And then he'd tossed the half-emptied cups aside — oh, that poor, trashed frat house that had, once upon a time, been an elegant Victorian — grabbed hold of Steve's arm, and added, "
Tony blinked and stared back at her earnest curiosity. Did she mean the comment about Steve or had he muttered the 'toke' comment aloud?
"Yeah? Well, see from over there. You do not come anywhere near my child. You shouldn't even be in here. How did you get in? You fake medical credentials, too?"
attesting to it!" he yelled, and Steve reached out and put a hand on his arm to calm him. "Look, do you want to know what's really going on?"
But the reporter was undeterred, and she stuck close and again asked, "Are you pregnant with Captain America's baby?"
Not 'Olivia,' but 'Sarah.' He swallowed and tried not to let the disappointment show on his face. Evidently, it was an alternate universe after all. He'd known that, but still… He could admit there was a part of him that dared to hope.
He rolled his eyes and ignored that part, shoving half of the remaining doughnut in his mouth. He chewed and said, "It's the principle of the thing. Why now? Why today?" He reached out and took the mug of coffee Steve was offering to him, and startled a bit when he realized what Steve was doing. "Seriously?" he asked.
A broad and somewhat embarrassed smile stretched over Steve's lips. "Thanks," he said quietly, though Tony could tell from his tone that he didn't really feel like he deserved the compliment.
Tony just glared at him and shoved a bite of sesame chicken into his mouth, and Steve couldn't help but grin as he understood what had gone unsaid.
"Yeah? Well, while you're doing that, do me a favor and put our child down for a nap. She should have been down half-an-hour ago."
Tony sat back up and moved closer to Barnes to finish up the repairs, DUM-E moving back into place with the magnifying glass. "Yeah? He sure gives a shitty impression of it from time-to-time."
belt on, too. That was an argument he hadn't won yet, and he didn't feel like getting into it tonight. They didn't have seat belts back in his day? Yeah, well, they didn't have Wi-Fi back in his day, either, and yet he was perfectly fine using
He opened his eyes once more and stepped out into the hallway, the money SHIELD had given him burning a hole in his pocket. Maybe he'd treat himself to breakfast. Maybe he'd catch a quick movie. Maybe he'd jump off the Brooklyn Bridge.
Rhodey sighed, his shoulders slumping some. "I don't know, Tones. I'm just trying to figure out a logical explanation for all this."
Steve sighed and ran a hand through his hair. He made a face at the sticky feeling on this hand and decided he didn't want to feel that anywhere else, so he got to his feet and climbed up the stairs back to the second floor.
"Are you absolutely certain this is what you want? And are you even sure this is the same crackpot?"
"No!" Steve said, disbelief flooding his voice. He got up and made his way over to the screen. "I saw it at the World's Fair," he said and inspected the black, rectangular box. "Didn't look like this."
He shrugged and looked up and met Steve's gaze, and Steve's breath caught in his throat at the absolute beautiful picture Tony made — young, abashed, like the manic little mechanic he had fallen so hard for once upon a time.
So, Tony decided to throw an extravaganza: food, music, revelry and the like. Fireworks were already taken care of, thank you, City of New York and your yearly pyrotechnics show over the Hudson. The Tower afforded a spectacular view of that, so he didn't have to go out of his way for the fireworks. He thought about inviting an embarrassing amount of people, but that would require all of them to be on their best behavior, and not that they were wont to act like swine in the privacy of their own home, but it was a lot easier to relax when it was just the Avengers and Company rather than the Avengers and Company and Those Types That Always Get Invited to These Sorts of Things but Really Have No Business Being There.
He blew out a breath and sat back in his chair a bit and said, "Tony, I don't think it's such a good —"
Steve laughed and glanced around for a tablet or some electronic device. "Oh, come on, Tony. That was pretty neat to see in 1939! It could move. It could talk. It could even smoke."
He shook his head. "Nothing." He made a noticeable glance in a direction and said, "Oh! There they are." He glanced back and added, "Maybe knock off the derogatory dude-bro terminology and you might be able to get yourself a girl that doesn't have one of those little inflation nozzles somewhere on her."
"Then don't use your insurance card. What do you even need insurance for, anyway? Can't you write a check for all your medical bills?"
"We're out. How 'bout you have some soda?" he said because trying to explain that he wasn't her Papa and this wasn't her house would be like slamming his head against a wall.
"Hmm…yeah, honey, that's sweet, but about the only way you can stop them from doing that is for us to fake our deaths and go into hiding, and even then, they could probably get about six months' traction out of insisting our deaths were caused by something I did."
But this just set confusion over Tony's visage, and he frowned and said, "Wait, you're flirting with me. I've been under the impression since, oh, Stuttgart that you didn't know shit about flirting. Were you lying— Have you been lying to me this whole time?"
"Like this. I look— It's superficial, but I look like Peggy. The first love. The one that got away. With me like this, he gets to have…he gets to get what he thought he lost."
"Uh, I don't know," she said, hands still resting on his belly. "Maybe because she's kind of the last thing I remember about our relationship before we ended it."
"Yeah, well, just so you know," he all but drawled, the words coming out much huskier than he'd intended, "I make an investment like that, I fully expect to get my money's worth."
married. Look, she was, what, four? It's not as though she actually understood what 'marriage' was. Clearly she understood what 'kissing' was — Jesus, she hadn't seen them do anything beyond that, had she? No, probably not. She was enough of a chatterbox to have let that slip at some point — if not to him then to Bruce earlier or even 'Unca Rhodey.' Poor child seemed to be afflicted with a serious case of nonexistent-filter disease. Which made sense for a trait of his nowadays, but he'd actually been a pretty quiet and reserved kid — the exact opposite of this little whirlwind that probably thought she ruled the world.
He blinked at her. Hadn't he just been thinking about asking her…? "Yeah, OK," he said, deciding not to think about it too hard.
He wouldn't look, but he heard Steve let out a somewhat resigned breath. "Tony," he finally said, "I love you. I know that sounds like a cliché, but I love you no matter what shape you're in."
He closed his eyes and exhaled a breath. "I can't believe I'm going to do this," he murmured and shifted his hand to the right to grasp hold of one of the bottles of breast milk. He tried to tell himself that he drank cow's milk and didn't find that in any way weird, and this, at least, was something produced by his own species—
He took a sip of the god-awful concoction then turned to look around the establishment, his gaze settling on the counter near to them, and out of the corner of his eye, he could see Other Tony giving him a funny look — kind of a small, almost knowing smile — as he murmured more to himself than anything, "Of course you don't."
?" he asked as Steve took a seat and began his nightly routine of going over call-sheets, complaints, and checks.
"Hey, I'd like to see either of you do any better!" He directed his attention to the kid. "Hey, brat. Do either Uncle Bruce or Uncle Rhodey have spawn of their own?"
"Well, an alternate-universe version of you, anyway. I'm pretty sure I made the right call. I mean, yeah, maybe I would have preferred her to stay, but I'm not sure a mouthy four-year-old would fit in with a bunch of superheroes. Not safely, anyway."
"It's not gonna be something weird, right? I— Look, it was an amazing thing Tony did and Tony went through and I am still just so...proud of him. But I just don't think I could do that."
It was one of those weird feelings you got, like you knew the choice you were about to make was going to alter the course of your life. Like thirty years down the road, you'd be able to look back at this moment and say
I've had JARVIS run the security feed for the hour before she showed up. Nothing. Absolutely nothing out of the ordinary until that…thing…opens and she shows up in the lab. But yet, she doesn't know who JARVIS is. She keeps talking about something called 'Friday,' she's naming people we've never even heard of—"
"Do you want to watch me pleasure myself? Get myself all worked up and writhing for you? Panting out your name? Desperate. Wanton. Thinking only of you as I work myself into a frenzy?"
" the interviewer tried to interrupt, but the Steve on the screen put his hand up, his jaw tensing in that way that he knew it did when he was trying to stifle his frustrations.
But Tony just hummed, and recognizing what that fussiness was about, he reached to pull up the hem of his shirt but then looked at Bruce and said, "Uh, how are you with breastfeeding? I know you literally watched me push a human being out of my vagina, but I don't want to offend your delicate sensibilities."
He didn't finish what he was going to say. He just held Tony close as could be and bowed his head, burying his face in Tony's neck and breathing in the scent that was there. Tony just patted his back and said, "There you go, big guy. I won't tell anyone, I promise."
"You're back, Daddy!" Olivia said before she slapped both her palms against either side of his face and turned his head from side-to-side, frowning as she did so. "You got boo-boos!"
"Oh," he said and felt a hot, painful blush spread from the apples of his cheeks to the tips of his ears. "I didn't— I mean I wasn't trying to—"
I did wrong. Because everyone leaves me, Steve. Everyone always leaves, but you… I thought you were different. I thought you were for keeps. I thought you would stay. But you left, too, and if you left, then what does that say about me, huh? What's so wrong with me that everyone leaves?"
something going on between them — which he totally thought there was — he had to say they were perfect for each other. If there wasn't, well, they were really missing out on something, but he was pretty sure there was.
Natasha just closed her door and folded her arms. "In what way?" she asked as she made her way over to him.
Steve got up from his chair then reached out and helped Tony from his. He took Tony's arm and linked it with his then began to lead him away from the soiree.
"Yeah," the Cap finally said, "but I still feel like… I don't know," he said with a disheartened shrug. "Like I'm not doing my part."
"We're done here," Pepper said as Tony started to come back to himself just a little, heart thumping wildly in his chest and breaths coming at a faster rate than before.
Tony snorted out a laugh and rubbed his hands over his belly. "Fuck, and I thought that was just a bad dream. I didn't think it was going to be prophetic."
"Fine. Bruce is even more of a stickler for this sort of shit than you are. How 'bout I have him do it? Does that meet with your approval?"
, I am! Don't give me that look. OK, maybe there was a time— Look, whatever. I'm gonna have to explain that to my wonderful and understanding fiancé now."
"Tony, try to sympathize here. He's had his entire life taken away from him. He deliberately crashed a plane to save the world. He thought he was going to die. The next thing he knows, he's very much alive and very much in the future. Everyone he knew or loved is dead. The world as he knew it has passed him by. Just… If he wants to complain about his ball team ditching Brooklyn for sunnier skies, let him."
mishear. That's why I asked her to repeat it about five times to make sure. And would you believe? She gave me attitude for it!"
Steve chuckled a little and stabbed at an egg yolk with a slice of bacon. "Yeah," he said, "I guess the 'dame' part's only half-right."
But Steve let out yet another firm exhale of breath, and he put his hands to Tony's waist and said, "Let me go find out what's going on first."
"I shouldn't drink this, should I?" he asked the girls, who all shook their heads. "Right, yeah," he said and set it down to pick up the one Hill had gotten for him earlier.
"Whatever," he said and picked up his coffee again. "Keep telling yourself that, Barton," he added and took a sip. "Incidentally," he added after he'd downed the sip, "have you blown that fourteen thousand dollars you stole from me yet?"
Somehow, Steve found himself sitting on the floor with the baby, Tony sitting on the arm of the chair Bucky had settled himself into, as they passed around presents and tore into a terrible waste of money wrapping paper and flung bows around the room, thanking each other for gifts that were either thoughtful or mundane, Steve shaking his head at the mounting pile of toys and clothes the others had splurged on for his daughter. Not that his little bundle of joy didn't deserve the world, but it really did seem to be too much after a while.
Steve hedged a bit, grimacing and glancing down at the sketch that he wouldn't let Tony see. "I don't know if I should."
"Helps if you get them onto those trays first," Steve said and nodded to the empty sheets stacked on the stovetop.
Tony reached up and began to play with the soft hair at nape of Steve's neck. "You want to know a secret?" he asked, but Steve still wouldn't look up from his arm. "You know a huge reason I haven't gone off the deep end over this? You." He leaned down and brushed his lips against the side of Steve's forehead and down to his temple. "I mean it," he said and pulled back, still stroking his fingers against Steve's neck. "My mind is constantly waffling over this whole thing. Sometimes I'm freaked out about it because, you know, this doesn't
"Why are you like that?" she asked and nodded at him. "If you were Tony last week but now you're not—"
"I do not understand," he said. "I consider you to be among the truest of partnerships I have seen amongst the nine realms. Even the Goddess Esmeralda senses the bond that you share and feels it to be among the strongest she has ever made acquaintance with." He smiled a little. "The current misunderstanding between you and the Captain aside."
the case. I didn't actually know him before you and he got together, but I know him now, and man, he thinks the sun rises and sets with you. He thinks you can do anything. He thinks you're the smartest person he's ever known."
He took another bite of his bagel, and Steve reached out and snagged a hold of his free hand and gave it a squeeze. Tony squeezed right back just as JARVIS intoned that Thor had arrived on the penthouse floor. He groaned around the half-chewed bite of bagel, and he whined and rolled his eyes and said, "
Tony lay there on his side and listened to Steve attempt to find some level of comfort, and after a few minutes of huffing and turning, he said, "You know, you can spoon me if you want."
the institution of marriage, he didn't know what was. And since when the hell was Barton of any use in a kitchen?
He glanced up from the gelato, and though she tried to look impassive, he saw actual concern lining her green irises. He raked his gaze over her face before he went and sat down on the bed, setting the tub of gelato down on the mattress so he could dig at it with his left hand.
As in sitting-around-doing-nothing-for-weeks-on-end?" Tony arched an eyebrow at this. "They did remember who they were talking to, didn't they? When did they decide this?"
No one answered him back. The blonde host with the Stepford eyes just continued to prattle about bullshit she couldn't possibly understand (but it sold, didn't it? It brought in the ratings the network heads clearly wanted) and Tony looked for anything in arm's reach he could throw at her perfectly-coiffed head. He'd just be breaking his own screen, but he could imagine it hitting her square between her soul-dead eyes.
Bruce had caught up but remained a few steps back, aware of the fact that getting too close to Tony was a surefire way of spooking him and sending him into a flight response. Especially for something like this.
"I'm so sorry," Steve said and looked straight at Tony, the words coming out without a thought, though that didn't mean he didn't mean them. He was. He really was. He had no idea what had come over him, but he'd been so, so desperate to be inside of Tony, to fill him up, to pump him...
— face. Concern for him. Worry for him. Because Captain America — Steve — loved him and was concerned for him and only wanted to do right by him. Because he was proud of him. Because he trusted him and wanted him to have his back. Because Steve might have been the leader of the Avengers, but there was no questioning who the second-in-command was, even now. Because he was a hero to him. Because he loved him.
Tony turned to him, a slight smirk on his face, and he brought the mugs over to the table and set them down as he took his chair again and said, "Are you talking mashed bananas and pureed peas or a steak dinner?"
"Seat belt," he muttered but found the strap in question: one going over the shoulder and one going over the lap. "How do I secure it?"
She motioned out over the table before her, and it was then that the Council members realized there were three place settings, a bowl and a goblet placed in each spot.
He motioned for everyone to calm down, and once they had, he said, "Long story short, I got mixed up with an ancient, cosmic goddess, and, well, got turned into a woman."
thing he needed was to watch anything that would put any sort of doubt into his head that this was anything but the spawn of a super soldier from the '40s. He did
He shook his head. "No, you didn't," he said, but there was a slight waver to his voice, and he blinked another batch of tears down his cheeks, which he yet again had to reach up and angrily brush away. "Fuck, it's this— It's all your fault!" he said and poked a finger at one of Steve's pecs. "You and your super sperm getting me knocked up. It's probably got special properties in it. I'm probably more emotional than most women in a similar situation."
"Many bonds — the strongest and most developed — were forged in the early years of the galaxy," he explained through a mouthful of bacon. "They have always
Steve just nodded and helped him (her) to his (her) feet, and Tony noticed that if there was one good thing about being turned into a woman it was that he was still the same height. There were still the same five inches between him and Steve as there had always been, even if his form was a bit more…supple than it had been a minute before.
He just nodded and tightened his hold on Tony's hand ever so gently, and though he was supposed to be the one in the lead, he followed Tony's and tried to match him movement for movement and sway for sway. He splayed his hand over the small of Tony's back, pressing against it with a gentle amount of pressure, pushing Tony closer to his hip, flush to the point that two had very nearly become one. He swallowed and tried not to focus on the feel of that or the scent of Tony that was a combination of sweat and metal and coffee and musky cologne that had just about worn off. He went to close his eyes to keep from staring down at the genius in his arms, but he stopped himself at the last second when he realized how that might look, and he instead darted his eyes around the lab, inspecting the various elements he found there. He let his ear tune in the words of the song again, and when it got to the chorus, he suddenly realized—
Bruce held his hands up in surrender but didn't say anything just as the door opened and the little blonde-haired, brown-eyed girl toddled on through like she'd been there a thousand times in the past.
remembered it might happen right before we went to bed. The one that's had my back in every battle we've fought together since Asgardian Ken's deranged little brother opened up the alien wormhole over my goddamned tower. The one that's talked me down from more ledges than I care to recall at this moment. The one that puts up with all my crazy shit even though he doesn't have to and, let's be honest, could probably do better than an almost- middle-aged mechanic with a very expensive hobby.
"You hear my words, but you do not listen. You are bondmates. You possess perhaps the strongest bond I have ever felt. Your lives — your souls — have been intertwined since time immemorial. You think you have a duty to people that you feel made you. No one made you, Captain. They did with potions and machines what I can do with a touch of the finger. They changed your form, but they did not change you, and whatever debt you feel is owed to them for that has long since been repaid. Do not continue to fight if your heart is not in it. You joined a fight because you believed in the cause, and perhaps you have now found a new cause, but do not dedicate your life to it just because you feel that you should to repay some debt that no one has any right to collect on. Tell me, Captain, what makes you happy? What makes you well and truly happy? When are you at your happiest?"
"It's a little late to send out Christmas cards, I suppose, but whatever. Fuck those Russian spies, we're still the hottest couple on the team."
slow about getting his dick inside of Tony, and Tony made to reach behind him and grab the appropriate member to do it himself. Steve, the bastard, slapped his hand away.
"I knew you weren't a doctor," he muttered, realizing she was the 'doctor' he'd bumped into back when he'd been in labor — the one that had tried to 'guide' him somewhere. Evidently it was to a waiting transport vehicle to be taken god-knows-where and to have god-knows-what done to him.
Tony grinned, and Steve attempted something of a smile that came out more like a grimace while Olivia just looked confused. Tony hit a button, and the image was captured on the cellphone. He held it up to show Steve, and though Steve cringed at the face he was making — not exactly his best but not really looking all that different from other photos he'd seen of himself — Tony laughed a little and said, "Yep, that's one of your selfies, all right."
Steve shrugged and dropped his hand away from his neck. "Because. I didn't... I didn't want to be seen as forcing you. I wanted it to be your decision."
"There it is," Barton said and motioned to her. "That just leaves our little mother-to-be out in the dark." He frowned. "Wait, is 'mother' the right term?"
Tony just sniffed. "I don't know what you're talking about," he said to Natasha's knowing smirk, and they both went quiet for a moment before he shook his head a little and said, "I can't do it. I can't do it without him."
"Please don't hesitate to call me. I'll leave the information with Serena. You can have my cell number. Also, there's some pamphlets I want you to read and some information we hand out to all our maternity patients. I think it would be good for
“Love at first sight?” Tony offered in a tight, high voice.  “Honestly, and Rhodey is man enough to back me up here, that’s actually
“Then, I would say you’ve had far too much of this wine,” Steve said, tipping at the top of the bottle with one finger.
“Think of me,” the King repeated, voice gone rough and tremorous, then dropped his hands, turned on his heel and left the room without a backwards glance.
Putting the phone aside, Steve steadied the hanging bag and took a swing, landing a solid hit that rattled the chains above.  It did feel good, he had to admit, the familiar rhythm of it like a heartbeat.  For the first time since he came out of the ice, though, it wasn’t pushing his thoughts away so much as helping him think them, he realized after his pace picked up.
Tony nodded jerkily and looked over out the window as the hotels and casinos swept by in a long line of flashing lights and promises of a different life, if you could beat the house.  Wasn’t that always the way of it? Tony supposed it was. God, he hoped he hadn’t screwed this up, he thought to himself, rubbing an anxious hand over his mouth.
“No wonder.  He’s been drinking Thor under the table out there.  I have to say, he really is my new favorite person,” Rhodey observed, watching the old man maneuver around the room and close the bathroom door behind him.
“Marta cries whenever the wind blows the wrong way,” Kadina huffed.  “I have heard things, though.  Word travels quickly through these halls.”
“For one thing, he says Bonded Omegas who are of age should get to vote for themselves,” Tony replied, the words rushing out, as if swiftness could somehow dilute their meaning.  “So, there’s that.”
“That’s certainly how we do it where I am from,” Steve said with a completely straight face, watching Tony’s head pivot around and his eyes go wide for a heartbeat before he burst out laughing.
Steve swiped a hand across the steam-fogged mirror, leaving a wet slash with his own face staring back at him.  He turned off the faucet and looked down at his hands. They were clean, at least. Finally.  The nail beds were whittled down to pink and small hash-like scratches were still visible across his knuckles, but they were clean.  His face was another story.  The lower part was dark and dirt-stained, streaked with lines of sweat beading below the curve of left by the cowl.  Like a muzzle, he thought grimly, and picked up the damp hand towel, rubbing it over one cheek and then the other.
“And just what kind of ruckus did you cause that made the raiders so eager to get rid of you?” Hammer asked drolly, swishing the feather back and forth and then jabbing it in the air like a sword.
“Thanks,” Steve said, taken aback not just by Stark’s offer, but the whole idea that the persona Stark presented was not, apparently, how he saw himself at all. And definitely not how he wanted Steve to see him. “Actually, I understand the whole playing a role and having it end up defining you thing pretty well,” Steve admitted. “I’m sorry.  I—I shouldn’t have judged you.”
He leaned forward again, letting his head rest against the paneling, and placed his palms flat against the wall. “Thank you,” Steve breathed out. “Thank you so much. That was—you were… everything. Perfect. Amazing. I—just, ah. I don’t know if you can hear me or… but, I wanted to say, thank you.” He hoped he hadn’t broken a rule of some kind.
Steve winced and closed his eyes, his knuckles going white where he gripped the railing. His robes were red today. Tony’s color.  They caught in the wind as the platform made its steady climb, whipping around him, his veil catching the wind and flying up in front of him, and for a moment, everything seemed bathed in blood.
“Well, that’s certainly true,” Tony snorted.  “Sure.  Why not? It’ll be fun.”  Coulson started walking back the way they’d come, though Rogers hung back a bit, standing next to Tony.
“Don’t think you really need to suggest I should be less of a risk-taker,” Tony mumbled, the words coming out slurry and slightly garbled.  He felt a wave of fondness wrap around him, and remembered the first test of the Iron Man suit, when he hit the garage’s ceiling. A jet behind him getting missile lock.  That terrible perm from ‘88.
“Yep,” Matt replied.  “Don’t worry.  Let me do the talking.  You two,” he continued, pointing at Steve and Tony.  “Look like a couple who are deeply concerned about their mutual friend.  You, try to look less like you want to murder the review board.  Smile a little.”
Tony sat atop a small dais, on a large, red-cushioned chair, elaborately carved with winged eagles for arms and the Stark crest hovering over his head.   He was dressed much like Steve, though his garment was dyed jet black and trimmed in a brilliant blue, and flanked by the two guards Steve knew by name.
“I’m terrified. Of this.  Of you.  Of losing you or keeping you, but making you hate me, and I don’t know which one would be worse.  The stupid pillows, the food, the furniture, the damn island…I keep thinking if I just…just…give you enough, you won’t realize how little I have to give,” Tony confessed hissing out a low gulp of air that was almost a sob.  He wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck and pulling him closer as he carded fingers through Steve’s hair.  He bent a little, letting his head bow down and rest on Steve’s broad shoulder.
“There's Kosher salt and some leftover birthday candles from Frank's party in the break room,” Pepper added.
He swung his legs over the side of the table, then looked down towards the end and noticed his spacesuit, underwear and socks were stacked in a neat pile.  Next to it, three pouches of that same weird juice he remembered from earlier and a round, breadish looking...thing...on a plate next to the pouches. The Iron Man suit was still in pieces over on the shelf on the far wall, though the helmet had joined it now, he saw.
“Maybe,” Steve admitted.  His hands had balled into fists at his sides and he had to force himself to relax.  “But, it’s my life, Tony.”
“Sorry,” Steve said immediately, though he wasn’t quite sure what he was apologizing for.  He wasn’t intruding, not really, but it
“I’ve got some reports to finish,” Steve said after a long beat of silence, though he held Rumlow’s gaze until the other man looked away, shifting his feet and bouncing slightly on his heels.
Tony stared hard at Steve for a long moment, looking him up and down, head cocked to one side.  Familiar spikes of heat bloomed in Steve’s belly.  He was more aware of the way his cock pushed against the metal confines that held it than he had been just a moment before.  Almost too aware, as if it was the only thing he could think about.  Tony was looking at him….cataloging him, in that sharp, intense way that Tony could, and he
“Um-hmmm,” Tony hummed, pushing himself up to meet Steve’s advance.  “I like that you remember that even when we’re not naked.  Points for you!”
Steve let Tony’s cock slide out of his mouth, then licked a long, wet stripe from tip to root and back down again, repeating the motion several times until the shaft was glistening with saliva. He took the head in his mouth again and swirled his tongue around in slow, undulating circles, then flattened it out and rubbed it against the sensitive underside of Tony’s cock, finally hollowing his cheeks enough to suck in earnest. He could taste the drops of pre-cum on the flowing down the back of his throat, so he pulled back enough to flick the tip of his tongue up and down the slit on the head of Tony’s cock, then burrowed it inside the small flaps of skin until he felt the thick beads of salty fluid against the end of his tongue and slowly drew them out.
“James is just glad you two had this time to talk. With…all of us here to dissect it,” Natasha offered.  “Honestly, it makes talking about you behind your backs later so much easier.  Really cuts down on the confusion.”
He heard Tony continuing to smugly poke at Clint, which was never a good idea.  Feeling that an intervention was inevitable, Steve folded the edge of the paper down to find Tony…offering Clint his taxes?  Oh, Robin Hood.  Okay, he got that one.  He was this close to telling Tony he understood that reference, before realizing that private jokes were not part of his putting a stop to this whole Tony-thing plan.
“Matt—the lawyer—he got caught up on a, ah, he said late docket?  He’s supposed to come by either late tonight or tomorrow after work,” Steve explained in a flat monotone.  “I’m sure its fine.  Same as last time, right?” Steve said with a laugh that wasn’t a laugh. “I’ll sign ‘em as soon as he brings them by.  He’s got a notary who can come with him, so—so everything’s fixed.  Just like it never happened, right?  I can drop them at Stark Tower, if that’s what you want.”
“How come you want to?” Tony asked.  “I mean, babysitting me is a dream gig, I get that, but out of curiosity, what’s in it for you?”
The countertop was cracked.  Not just on the top, but down through the layers of faded yellow laminate in thin, spidery cracks that swept out to cut through the line of green vines that ran along the edge.  Tony frowned and peered at it, then looked over to see a nearly identical pattern on the other side of the sink.  Not coincidentally, where Steve had been idly grinding his fists.
“I’m glad,” Steve said after a long moment of silence punctuated by the ticking of the mantle clock.  Tony glanced over at it.  Seriously.  Nuclear timing device in 3, 2, 1, he thought to himself.   Don’t say I didn’t warn you, Little Ben.  “I’m probably not the best company right now.  It’s your birthday, and you should—you should probably get some sleep.  Big day tomorrow.  If you still want to do something, that is.”
“You know how this sounds, right?” Steve asked, looking between Tony, Pepper and Matt, like one of them was going to suddenly yell ‘Gotcha!’
“Because neither of us like to be called on our own shit when it’s so much easier to call someone else on theirs,” Steve offered with a slight roll of his eyes.  “I should’ve told you about Afghanistan,” he conceded after a beat.  “At least so you weren’t blindsided by it.  I’m sorry.  That was selfish.  I wasn’t thinking about how—how it might be for you to hear it when you weren’t expecting it.”
“Steve, you got a guy like Tony crazy in love with you, and I’m talking seriously crazy.  Look around you.  Look at this whole back to college experiment, that only a rich, white dude pulling some head over heels, truly desperate, Cinderella-bullshit can come up with, and you gotta think it over?”  Rhodey asked with barbed incredulity.
So, bed was better.  Bed was great, in fact.  Bed was warm and his and no one was bothering him, which, come to think of it, was a bit odd.  How had he managed to go this long without being reminded of how lazy and slovenly he was?  It was almost as if he didn’t need the constant reminder, and still managed to rise and shine and feel shitty about himself all on his own.  And Howard said he wasn’t self-sufficient.
“Steve gave it to me,” Tony continued.  “Basically, it says I’m his Omega, and he says I can do what I want.  Okay, so, technically, there are some fancy words, my picture, a California DMV stamp and Steve’s Alpha ID on there, but same diff. I’m ninety-nine percent certain he just went to SHIELD’s version of Legal Zoom and told them to give him one.  Want to see?”
“I know,” Tony said, giving him a wan smile.  “I love teaching, I really do, but sometimes…I think I could do more.  Be more.”
Tony.  It had sounded odd.  The name.  Small.  Too small for someone like the King, who seemed far more suited to a moniker than a name, let alone a fairly common one that could be carried by any number of men.  There was nothing common about the King, that much was certain, Steve thought as his mind swirled around images and caught on beats of time, the way a hook might catch on the long reeds that dotted the shoreline of the small river that cut through the town where he was born.
Too soon, Tony lifted his head with a low hiss, sloughing off Steve’s hands as if they were nothing.  His mouth was red and dripping. He was beautiful.
Steve looked over at the calendar again before letting his eyes drift shut.  He could see the indentations counting down date squares in his head.  Thirty-six days until he’d been due for parole, provided his good behavior lasted.  He opened his eyes again and found the bottom corner of the calendar where the pages filed away from the wall, the edge of one, towards the back, folded into a neat triangle.
“Other than my houseguest and the club, it’s the only other number Steve has dialed regularly in the past six months,” Tony explained.
“Ah—I—“ Tony stuttered.  “Let me just—I need to get my phone and—and the speaker.  Hang on.  I’ll just--”   he jerked his head towards the garage, and Steve nodded, letting go of Tony’s hand.  Tony gave Steve a hesitant look, then turned and stumbled off to the garage, trying to force himself to walk at a semi-normal pace.  He punched his code into the door and pushed it open.  He grabbed his phone and the speaker and cord off his workstation desk, checking the power supply long enough to be sure it was fully charged, then hurried back to the door.  Standing in the threshold, he could see Steve illuminated by the bulb that glowed above the front door and the partial moon that shone above.
“They’re probably just talking about how they are both pilots,” Steve said, giving Tony a wide-eyed, innocent look.
“The labels would fall off the cans,” Steve explained.  “So, you never knew what you were going to get, not that it much mattered.  They basically tasted the same.  Bucky said he liked the beef and potatoes best though.  He’d always try to hoard those, and Fallsworth would give him hell about being responsible for the next potato famine.”
“Bet you’re good,” Steve said as he wiped the excess paint off flat brush off with a rag and stroked it over the canvas again.
“Wait,” the King said, his hand shooting out to grab Steve’s wrist.  “You put them where they go,” he repeated, slowly, almost like a child would.
“Karma can kiss my ass.  And so can you, if you think that’s how it works.  This happened because some evil-ass men got up to no good. That’s it.  That’s the end of it, Tony.  Steve, he’s not going to think any differently.  He’s going to think you’re the best thing that ever happened to him, that’s what he’s going to think,” Rhodey insisted. Tony could picture the firm nod that surely accompanied the words.  “Because you are.  And if he doesn’t, then I’ll just sit him down and have a nice, long discussion with him about how you are the best thing that ever happened to him.”
He looked down at the home screen on his phone, a photo of Dum-E and U wrapped in Christmas lights and tinsel with a wreath around Dum-E’s arm, with Pepper and Rhodey crowded around them, grinning, a Santa hat on Rhodey’s head.  Family, Tony thought, then brought up the internet screen again and clicked the cursor onto the search bar to finish typing.
“I’m not actually buying for myself, though I did see you had some lovely stock from the plains, if I’m not mistaken,” the man observed.
“So, ah, tonight,” Tony began, then had to stop and clear his throat.  “After we do the whole dinner for public consumption thing.  I thought maybe we could—you and me---uh, just the two of us, I mean---” Tony stopped himself, gave Rhodey a helpless look, then closed his eyes and let out a sigh.  “Maybe we could talk.  For real.  About things.  Us.  Us-things.  Where we discuss this whole…thing.  And how, you know, how we see it, sort of, progressing.”
“You looked really great in it!” Tony tried. “Yeah, okay, fine, I’ll tweak the programming. Twenty-Six there just really likes you. He remembers you from the island, I think.”
“Awful storm,” Steve remarked, watching the man move about his home, seeming to survey it with a keen interest.
“Steve—“ Tony began, though he wasn’t sure what he was going to say.  That he understood?  He did, on one level, but he also knew that there was only so much loss any one person could handle, and that line was probably already in Steve’s rearview mirror.
“No,” Tony replied with a sharp crack of laughter.  “Though, it is good to have their support. They are, after all, peers of the realm, liege lords in their own right and not without considerable influence.  Would you have me go against them?”
Isn’t that what Jarvis said?  I’m asking, Tony pleaded silently.  I’m waiting.  No one said you would get the answer you wanted, though. That was the thing.
“See what we did?  We came this close to having a moment,” Rhodey said, shaking his head and letting it drop back to the desk.  “You hush about my baby.  She looks great.  Do I mock your teeny-tiny sportscars?”
“I’m sure it will be great,” Tony assured him.  So help him, he would say it was great if they brought the jar of Ragu to the table and poured it over microwaved mac-n-cheese.
Tony turned and slid his arms up around Steve’s neck, blowing at the tassel out of the corner of his mouth when it swayed in front of his face.  Steve chuckled and reached up to move it so that it hung off the back of the cap, out of the way.  Tony waited patiently, eyes tracking the movement, trying to hold in a grin.
Tony made a humming sound, as if he had come upon something interesting in the book, but when Steve raised his eyes from behind his clumped lashes, Tony was gazing down at him, expression soft and almost wistful.
Tony quickly figured out that the only thing better than driving was driving fast.  The Audi hugged the curves and zoomed down the freeway like it was made to fly, the engine snarling as they accelerated.  To Steve’s credit, he only attempted to Fred Flintstone-brake a couple of times, Tony noticed, surreptitiously watching Steve grind his foot into the floorboard when he didn’t think Tony applied the brake quite fast enough.
“Sure thing, Boss,” Happy’s muffled voice came back.  Tony heard the driver’s door click open and shut, followed by Happy’s loud, gregarious tones emanating from somewhere around the valet stand.
“We’ll take it,” Tony said to the saleswoman.  “Two more pairs of jeans like that.  Couple extra shirts.  Something in blue.  Go a size smaller, live a little,” Tony reeled off.  “If you let him try anything plaid or baggy, we’re walking.”
“It was thoughtful of you, Tony.  I mean that,” Steve interjected, cutting Tony off and wiping the smirk away.
Steve signaled and pulled onto the shoulder, and once he'd gotten the car stopped, Tony fumbled with the door handle then jumped out and ran to the brush and vomited up everything he'd eaten in the last day. He retched so hard that he sank to his knees, using his hands for balance, the gravel of the side of the roadway digging into his palms, and before he knew it, there was a comforting hand on his shoulder and a soothing voice telling him it was OK and he'd be OK and—
He went over and sat down on the couch, perching uneasily on the edge of a cushion, and he looked down at the small swell of his abdomen and swallowed and put a hand to it, rubbing protectively like he could somehow will all the evil away, like he could instill some sort of protection against the elements — or Hydra — by touch alone.
He nodded. That...honestly didn't sound so bad. He could handle that. So long as he had Tony, he could handle that.
"No, it's fine," Tony said and went over to take the mixing bowl from him. "Seriously, what are you doing here? What is all this for?"
"Good," he said, and Tony felt him get back up off the bed. It was another moment before he sensed that Steve was standing in front of him again, and then Steve's hands were at the back of his head and undoing the tie that held the blindfold on.
He tilted his head some, his brow knitting in something that looked like a strange combination of understanding and disappointment. "I'm too close?"
"Talking," Steve said, some of the strength going out of his voice and being replaced by what sounded like slight embarrassment.
But it was a dream. It was a dream. It didn't mean anything. It was a combination of things. He was desperately horny and had been for some time now. And he was terrified that the child that grew within him could be turned into a weapon. His brain had put two-and-two together and—
Steve exhaled a breath and speared a fried dumpling then dipped it in some sauce. "She wasn't the type to suffer fools gladly, that's for sure. She was tough. She had to be. My dad died in the war, so it was just us. She worked. She was always working. She wasn't impressed by flash. She thought people like that had it too easy. Didn't understand the value of hard work."
He stopped short when he realized they weren't alone, and it was at that moment that Rhodey, for whatever reason, felt it safe to enter the room, and it was Rhodey who broke the silence and said, "Oh, you've got to be kidding me."
Steve tossed his dress shirt to the floor then nodded at Tony's ensemble that had yet to be touched and said, "Off."
"JARVIS, please," Steve spoke up from where he stood on the other side of Tony's work desk, Tony's suddenly smaller and more delicate hands sliding furiously through holograms as he tried to override JARVIS's established protocols. "As an authorized user, I am asking you to perform a full body scan on Tony. Trust me, it's Tony. I know it's Tony. I saw—"
Steve just laughed a little, and he pressed a kiss to the crown of Tony's head and said, "There's nothing wrong with crying, honey."
"Hopefully, everything you could possibly want," Tony replied, and Steve went to say he had everything he'd ever wanted right there in his arms, but he decided not to be that corny and instead smiled and dropped his hands from Tony's shoulders.
It seemed like a good idea, the Avengers — which is what they decided to keep calling themselves — having a home base of operations, and even Pepper had smiled and gone along with it because… Actually, looking back, Tony didn't know why unless she was putting on a brave face. Captain Anachronism had come back after a while, had taken up space on one of the guest floors while Tony finished renovating the tower, and they had…come to an understanding of sorts. They didn't
“I can imagine why people would have worshipped this,” Steve said, marveling at the small oasis that seemed so incongruent with its surroundings.
“I miss my friends,” Steve said.  He felt his chest pull at the words, like there was a hanging thread there, tugging at a seam, threatening to rend it apart. “I miss my home.”  Tony flinched at the words, his face going tight and pinched for a moment, before he schooled his features.
“I wanted to,” Tony said, sounding vaguely uncomfortable.  Steve wondered if he’d breached some kind of hooker etiquette by bringing it up.  “It’s no big deal.”
“It isn’t simple. I know that. Far from it. But… we can’t not try, just because it’s hard. Or because we might fail,” Steve told him.
Steve slipped his tongue into Tony’s mouth, gliding it over Tony’s own, again and again, their tongues swirling against each other until Steve drew back, gasping for a breath that Tony didn’t seem to need. He startled, jumping slightly in surprise as a sting of pain lanced the side of his tongue where it scraped along the edge of Tony’s teeth and a coppery taste filled his mouth.  His hand automatically went to his mouth, but Tony batted it away, leaning in with a low growl and capturing Steve’s mouth again, his tongue forcing its way between Steve’s parted lips and drawing Steve’s own into Tony’s mouth and sucking lightly.
“Ford Beebe. He did Buck Rogers, too.  And Flash Gordon.  Phantom Creeps had Bela Lugosi as Doctor Zorka,” Steve replied.  “He built this remote-controlled robot, the Iron Man. God, that thing scared the life outta me when I was a kid.  Eight feet tall, all metal, and it just sort of walked around with this big, bald head and all these teeth,” Steve said, shaking his head while his fork dangled from one hand with a spear of pasta on one end.
Crossing the room, he heaved the door open. He didn’t know who was the more startled, himself or the guards standing outside.  It isn’t real.  It isn’t safe. It’s a prison, he thought with a desperation that buzzed under his skin, seeming to animate his whole body with a thrumming energy. They were not the usual guards, and both stared at him blankly for a moment.  Steve drew himself up, nodded once to them, and swept past them with the arrogant confidence that usually only Cam could muster.
“Hey,” he heard Tony say from behind him and turned around in his seat.  Tony was leaning against the glass doors that opened onto the balcony, wearing one of his dark t-shirts with the name of some heavy metal band emblazoned across it and jeans, like he’d been working, though his feet were bare.
“Thanks, J,” Tony said with a wobbly smile.  He felt a strong hand clap his shoulder, shaking him a little before letting go.
“You know I can’t go to the—ACHOO!—clinic,” Tony reminded him, then sniffed and snorted his way through another round of tissues.  “They can’t see Omegas there.  Have to go to the special Omega doctor.  Which means Steve would have to come back.  Besides, I’m not actually,”  Tony broke off as a fit of coughing hit him.  “That sick.”
, he could hear Ms. Romanov’s voice echo in his mind.  Making Tony happy felt good, he wasn’t going to deny it, the way Tony smiled at him at the end of the night, in that soft, relaxed way, looking at Steve, touching him and telling him how good, how beautiful he was.  He liked the way that made him feel, like he’d accomplished some feat that actually meant something, however ridiculous that sounded the next morning.  It was just that he was pretty sure this was not the kind of job satisfaction the lady in career counseling back at the art school had in mind.  “I just wanted to look nice, Buck.  Don’t read so much into it.”
“You just knew it would work,” the King repeated, sounding oddly satisfied with the stumbling explanation Steve had managed to offer.  The King pushed himself off the table and set the empty cup down, then walked over to stand in front of Steve.  “Zola chose you because you look a bit like Tib—an old friend,” the King said with a twist of his mouth.  Not a friend, then, Steve thought to himself.  “He thinks that would please me.”
“Tony,” Steve said, warm breath feathering into the hair on the top of Tony’s head.  “There’s…something I have to tell you.”
The knot released with a sudden influx of slick and hormones that slammed into Tony hard enough to knock the breath out of him.
“I—I trusted the wrong person.  I think, anyway. That’s what all this is about, remember, figuring out exactly who is involved and how high this goes?” Tony reminded him.  “If I’m right, and I’m pretty God-damned sure I am, then I trusted the wrong person. I trusted the wrong person, and I didn’t pay attention when I should have.  I missed it. Hell, I didn’t look, okay? Yes, you’re right, I was blind. Willfully, stupidly, recklessly blind. I was enjoying my life, doing what I wanted, what I loved, building things, making things, and this was, it was paperwork and tax stuff, I don’t know, it—"
“No.  Of course not.  I wasn’t saying that, I just--” Steve started.  He broke off, staring at the faces with the gazes fixed on him.  He couldn’t tell Brock the truth in front of all of Brock’s friends.  Not like this, he thought, suddenly wary in a way that felt both odd and familiar.
“Okay,” Tony said, muffled against Steve’s skin.  He was warm and solid and smelled like musk and sex and soap.  The hairs on his chest tickled at Steve’s side, and his cock, soft now, still felt amazing against Steve’s hip.
“I’m being dumb?” Steve guessed at Shellhead’s pointed expression.  Shellhead nodded, his face softening into a smile. “Well, I woke up and you weren’t anywhere around, so I thought—well. I thought a lot of things.  Did you catch any of that?”
“I called you.  I called your work number, and—and you answered, but…” Tony trailed off, face screwing up into a confused frown.  “Oh my God.”
He wasn’t sure when he drifted off.  He didn’t mean to do anything more than just close his eyes for a moment.  But, he must have slept.  He knew that, because waking up to two-hundred and forty pounds of supersoldier clutching a towel around his waist and leaping off of your lap, slamming through a coffee table and leaving a large dent in the drywall tends to wake one up, no matter how well you were sleeping.
Steve let go of his hand and reached up, wrapping his hand around the dog tags that hung just between the R and the M on Tony’s chest.  Tony looked down and watched as Steve scraped the pad of his thumb across the small raised letters and numbers, then raised his eyes to Steve’s face. Steve was watching him, studying, in that way that Steve sometimes did that made Tony’s insides squirm around and fill with a warm, pleasing pressure that kept pushing lower and lower.
“Yeah.  Oh.  So, now you know, and you’re going to be fine, and you’re still an idiot, and—“ Tony started babbling, moving towards the door.
“I know that, too, Tony, but you didn’t choose it any more than I did,” Steve replied after a moment, turning his gaze back to Tony. “So stop blaming yourself for a circumstance you didn’t create.”
“Yeah.  I know you can.  But, thing is, you don’t have to,” Barnes replied tightly.  “I know what taking this kind of step means, Steve.  Nat…God, if it hadn’t been for her, I don’t know what I’d have done after everything.  After we got home.  I was—it was bad.  My head.  My arm.  You—Jesus, you were a mess, and me—I was barely holding it together.  Couldn’t take care of me, much less you.  Fuck, man, some days, I didn’t want to get out of bed, but I had her.  Even then, that wasn’t always enough.  If she wasn’t who she is, she’d have left my sorry ass, the way I treated her.  I’m not proud of it, but I’m saying I know how hard this is.  Trying for something.  I know what the whole idea of this thing with Tony is doing to you.  I do.  I get it, Steve.  I really do.”
“This island…does it have cable already installed or would that need to be added later?” Tony asked evenly.  Steve let his head fall back against the wall behind the bed.  If Steve was going to make this head banging thing a habit, they obviously needed a padded headboard, Tony thought.
Hammer hadn’t even recognized him, and that was…he honestly wasn’t sure what it was.  Good, he told himself.  It was good, though he couldn’t quite pick out a reason why that made much sense.  Less awkward, certainly.  Tony had put on a show of it for Hammer’s benefit, which was probably for the best, all things considered.  If he kept telling himself that, maybe he’d even believe it.  He could try, anyway.
“What is—whoa,” Barnes cut off as he picked up the folder from where Steve had dropped it on the coffee table.  “You’re kidding, right?  Seriously?  This is for real?”
By the time they walked out into the sun and fresh air again, Steve was beyond glad of it.  Cam and the other soldiers, too, by the looks of it. What had Josiah said about crawling into a hole in the ground?  It felt a bit like walking forward into your own grave, Steve thought, and for a lot of the slaves, that was likely what it was.  He looked around him. Where did they come from, he wondered. From afar, like Steve, seeing the Deep Illum’s grand maw for the first time when they arrived here from the markets?  Or had they been born here and always know this would be their fate?
“I know. I know,” the man said with a pained sort of nod that squinched his eyes shut. “Look, God, I’m so sorry, but there’s been…well, a huge mistake,” the man said in a rush of words strung together. He was running a hand over the back of his head and over his neck, looking anywhere but directly at Tony, except for the occasional wide-eyed glance, as if he couldn’t quite believe Tony was there. Well, that made two of them, Tony acknowledged sourly, a rush of annoyance replacing his interest as he realized he was standing in what amounted to the armpit of New York City, which was saying something, dripping wet and apparently, being told to fuck off, of all things.
But, the idea had gotten into his head to do something different with the time he had left.  Put it to use in a way that went beyond the foundations and the grants and the do-gooder, guilt panacea bingo he was currently playing.  He had always loved space as a kid. Science fiction. He had worshipped the astronauts. Wanted to be one, even. Howard had consulted on some of the designs early on, and Tony remembered seeing people with patches covered in stars on their arms coming in and out of the house.
“Yeah?” Tony managed, throat clicking as he tried, again, to swallow past the sudden lump lodged there.
“Mind telling me why not? You’re sick.  Tony, come on, you need something more than,” Rhodey reached out and took a whiff of the top of Tony’s thermos.  “Orange juice and Red Bull?  Seriously?”
“She’s here.  Out in the ballroom. Go find her and ask, if you want,” Steve said, twisting around to sweep a hand towards the door.
He didn’t have the words.  He felt Steve’s arm come up to wrap around him and found himself pressed against Steve’s side.  Steve’s chest was rumbling. It was a growl, Anto realized. He breathed in Steve’s scent. It was heavy with musk and sweat and something primal that went directly to heat Anto’s belly.  That was nice. He thought maybe Steve understood, even if he didn’t have the words. Steve had slowed to almost a stop, he realized, looking up from under the curve of Steve’s arm. His head was turned to look behind him.    His muscles were straining, making Anto think of the string on his spear-thrower, pulled back and ready to launch. Anto stretched out his neck and butted his head against Steve’s side to get his attention. It seemed to work.  Steve blinked down at him, his eyes dark and wide and jaw set so hard that Anto could see a muscle pulse and almost hear his teeth grinding. It should be terrifying, probably, but there was something strangely reassuring about Steve’s sudden reaction.
“There is nothing to prove here, Steve,” Tony said, warm breath tickling against Steve’s ear. “You don’t have to do this.”
“Being around all these soldiers, I cannot help but think of my old life,” Steve remarked, looking idly around at the mounted men and the line of soldiers who flanked them.
Maybe they were the same thing. He had a truth left to tell, though, and he thought—no, he knew—that Zola was living out his last breaths on the lies he had told.
Not that it was a big deal.  Just.  It was nice.  Steve liked to read Tony bits and pieces of articles and ask him questions about things.  Not quiz-like, or rhetorically asked for the joy of hearing your own voice confirm what you thought, like Howard sometimes did.  Or questions where there were no right answers, which Tony hated, because he knew he was being played every time he stepped up to spin the big wheel.
“It was a lovely wedding,” Steve agreed, feeling some of the tension pulsing through his body drain away at the memory. Jane had looked beautiful in her crown of flowers holding Thor’s hand with a bewildered smile while Thor beamed down at her as they repeated their vows before the holy man. It had seemed simple, but Steve knew it held as much meaning as the most elaborate ceremony. Perhaps moreso, because it had been paid for in pain and fear, earned in trust and devotion. You could see it in how they looked at each other, so certain and sure. He had been happy for them, of course, but it was the kind of happy that came on the tail end of a wave of longing so powerful that even now, he could feel the wake of it washing over him even now.
“It’s fine,” Steve said with a shrug and steadied the bag before taking another swing at it. This one left a line of four red dots across the fabric, and he found himself staring at them while the bag swayed.
“We have the whole day before I’m supposed to be at The Palms. We could maybe try seeing the city a bit. Check out some of the sights…” Steve suggested.  “After all, we came out here to be together, right?”
“Um…” Steve started, mouth flattening as he drew in a cold, shaky breath.  “Start with primary colors.  Yellow, blue, red.  A little white.  A bit of black for, ah, depth.”
You fell.  I was too slow, and you fell.  I’m here now. He sees me. There are other paths.  Steve waited, but his mind was clearing of the fog, leaving a warm haze in its wake and Tony, always Tony, there in front of him.
The knotting wrap was the most beautiful one he had ever seen.  Wrapped in a simple, cotton muslin, sat a long swath of red silk, embroidered with two golden dragons reaching out for a flaming pearl while gilt-threaded lotus blossoms and chrysanthemums blooms floated around them, edged in cresting waves.  A rich smell clung to it.  An old smell, but not unpleasant. Something familiar, sweet, but with a sharp hint of spice.  Cloves, maybe, he thought.  Reminded him of Christmas for some reason he couldn’t quite place.
“You want to be in the world.  You do, right?  This is a first step, and your Alpha’s as jittery as a long-tailed cat in a room full of rocking chairs, as my Gran would say,” Jim said, leaning forward and crossing his arms on the table.  “Look, Tony, I can’t keep all that terrible stuff away from you.  Not going to happen.  It’s going to suck sometimes.  That’s life, man.  It isn’t fair, but that’s what we got.  Maybe I can’t stop it,” he grinned and leaned back.  “But, by Grabthar’s Hammer, you shall be avenged!”
. Anything.  He moaned into Steve’s mouth, scooting his hips down encouragingly as he did. Finally, finally, he felt the blunt tip of Steve’s finger breach him. Tony’s cock juddered and spurted as Steve’s finger slipped deep inside him, past the knuckle and—
“I wouldn’t mind,” Steve insisted.  “I’d like to…help.  I guess.  I am used to doing more than sitting around and…” he trailed off, then gave a quick glance over his shoulder and caught Tony’s sardonic smile.
be your Omega,” Tony said, then sent the bottle cap he’d been playing with skittering across the tabletop like a stone across water.
“Yeah,” Steve said.  “Well...yeah. So--so, anyway, we’d sew these coins into our clothes.  ‘Cause sometimes, the cannonballs or grenades, there was maybe not a lot left, you know.  And sometimes, well, a body, it--it sort of bloats and...a lot of the time, we didn’t know who was who.  Even if it was your best friend, you couldn’t tell, not--not the way they were sometimes. So, the coins.  Idea was, you could take the coin off the body, send it home to their family, you know?”
The table started to lower and widen.  The movement made Tony jump a bit in surprise, though he was too confined by the not-gel to do much of anything other than feel it ripple around him.  The bubble-gum, not-gel hood that hung over the table grew and expanded as the table did, covering nearly the whole table, leaving just the end where the alien stood open.
First, can I just say that I was stupidly over the moon to learn that the NoMad is ACTUALLY A VEGAS HOTEL RIGHT NEXT TO THE RIO!  I didn't make that up. That's a real place. So, Steve beating up guys behind the NoMad was just too flipping perfect, thank you Vegas.
“You live forty blocks away,” Steve reminded Bucky, then looked over at Sam and Thor.  “And you two don’t even live in the city.”
“You don’t say?” Steve asked dryly, casting a quick, pointed look over at the other man who had arrived a few days after they started out, which led to an ongoing argument between Bucky and Morita as to whether or not Rhodes would have arrived in camp before the full moon, had they not begun their journey back and intercepted him.
“I’ve been working on several designs that are not quite so different, at least conceptually,” Tony replied.
“Not about that, you ass,” Tony ground out, jerking his head towards where the jet hovered above them. “The other thing! The thing you just said! I heard you say the thing.”
“Indeed,” Tony replied, flashing a smile.  “Come and see for yourself.”  He tossed the bag to Cam, who forgot he was supposed to be holding the parasol for Steve, and nearly dropped both, much to Tony’s amusement.
Steve rolled the dice again. One hit the far wall and landed on a six. The other came to rest on a two, hitting the point number.  The gathering around the table cheered. Someone grabbed Steve’s shoulders and shook him in celebration.
Nasha’s sharp gaze held Tony’s a moment longer, then she, too, smiled, tipping her head to the side and pursing her lips. “Well, if you’re Steve’s Tony,” she dipped her head to him, “then I guess that makes you Midgar, now.”
this place?  It didn’t seem like it could be real, and yet here he stood.  A part of himself kept expecting to wake up at any moment to find this was only another part of his strangely vivid dreams, but he quickly became aware of the way the chilly air felt against his skin and how the hard plane of the mountain rubbed against his back.  He grasped at a piece of rock jutting out near his elbow, just to be able to have something to hold onto. Something real under his hand.  God.  Something real. This was
“As if you are so amusing, Tahir,” Danen shot back.  “You picked a quiet day to join us, though. There are usually more here, but, alas.  Today is market day, and the merchants bring their wares to the compound.  Zola’s little flowers are like locusts when the wagons arrive, flying about, grabbing for trinkets that might call attention to them,” Tahir snorted derisively.  Steve already knew about market day.  It was one of the reasons he had chosen today to visit the baths, but he nodded and made an ah sound of understanding.  “One does not need such embellishments.  One need only be skilled.”
“We're going to class. Honestly, Steve, if you are having memory issues, we should really get those checked out,” Tony replied evenly. “Don't worry, you probably just hit your head falling out of the Stubborn-Ass Idiot Tree.”
He downed the rest of the wine from the goblet, then walked over to the bed and sank down on the edge.  Even through the closed windows, he could hear the sounds of a lavish party echoed, which meant Tony would not return to their chambers for some time.  Steve tossed the robe aside, then lay back and closed his eyes, trying to find rest.  His mind was still too full, though, swirling with thoughts as dark as the sea.
Tony took Steve’s rock hard cock in his hand, and heard him whine, but Steve didn’t move. He wouldn’t, not now, not when Tony had asked him to keep still. Tony stroked Steve’s cock once, letting his thumb trace the sensitive skin just under the head. He felt an answering rush of liquid wet his hand, then bent his head again to the spot at the base of Steve’s neck and bit down. Hard. He held the flesh in his mouth a moment, savoring the salty, vaguely coppery taste, and felt Steve’s cock spasm in his hand as he came, spending himself into Tony’s hand. Tony waited until Steve finished, then released his mouth, flattening his tongue over the rough row of indentations from his teeth to take away the sting. It would leave a mark, though not for long with the serum, but it still filled him with a possessive sense of accomplishment at seeing it there. Particularly since Steve still objected to just wearing a sign that said “Tony’s” on it.
“I appreciate the trust, don’t get me wrong. Not exactly in a position to judge here, remember? I get why someone in our, well—your—ah.
Alphas who had gotten hit by the reality-sucks-stick were really one of life’s true pleasures, he thought somewhat waspishly as he watched the delivery driver climb back into his car.  They were so wonderfully shocked and dismayed by the world not conforming to them and what they had been told they were entitled to have.  Must hurt to find out that all the promises were just a great, big lie sold to them by a society that didn’t want to admit it couldn’t be true for everyone, and now you just have to put on a hat with pizza on it and suck it up like the rest of the world.
“Quit mooning, gods,” Bucky snorted with a shake of his head as he stepped into the tent. He pushed a hand against the back of Steve’s head, giving him a small, playful shove. “Dugan says we’re going back.”
“You’re a good man, Tony,” he whispered into the darkness.  “You really are, Tony.  I wish you could believe that.”
It hadn’t been a dream, the man, Steve was sure of it, and yet...almost instantly, the whole encounter seemed to take on the hazy, unbalanced feeling of a dream.  It felt so real, though, he thought, reaching up to brush his fingers over the broken skin of his lip where the man had cleaned his blood away with his fairy-made cloth.  So real.
"Steve, this isn't Hydra," Tony said before Steve could comment on the situation. "You've done everything you can to keep Hydra out of this little spot of heaven we've carved for ourselves here."
Tony glanced up to see Steve arriving with a glass of something clear and carbonated for Tony and a glass of something dark caramel for himself. Tony took his drink and swirled the ice and the fruit around with the swizzle stick then took a sip of it and inwardly sighed at the taste of club soda and citrus juice just as Steve sat down and said, "What?" to Barton.
"Yes," Tony said, "it's a portmanteau of 'Steve' and 'Tony.' Gossips like to do it a lot with celebrity couples. Not sure why it never caught on with us except with this clown—"
"That Steve's?" he asked and pointed a finger at Tony's swollen abdomen. Tony just smirked and soldered a couple more wires together, kind of thankful that Barnes had gotten distracted from his failing attempt to explain how he felt about himself.
Wilson put his hands back up again. "I'm out!" he announced just as Rhodey finally appeared from nowhere, a drink in his hand and a well-tailored tux adorning his frame as he stood beside Wilson and said, "What's wrong?"
Steve practically growled at that, and he moved his hands from Tony's ass and slid them down to just underneath his thighs, the soft, seemingly hairless flesh a startling surprise for him for only a second before he hoisted Tony up and pulled Tony's legs around his waist. He pulled his mouth away from Tony's neck and took a look around the lab for something to lay Tony down on, and he was about to just use the worktable beside them when he spotted the exam table over which someone had thrown a white sheet, and assuming Tony had done it while he'd been in the shower, he carried him over and set him down atop it before climbing up himself.
Today, at least, they didn't rip out a kid's tonsils like it was some coming-of-age ritual. He still blamed that for his less-than-stellar singing voice. Bucky was fonder of the theory that he was just flat-out tone-deaf.
"No. You are— Jarvis — the real Jarvis — had an excellent French toast recipe that I think I can still remember."
"Isn't it? I mean, why would you love me? What have I ever done to earn anyone's love? Fuck, my own father couldn't be bothered with me—"
"I know," Tony said, "I know, babe, but that's going to take time. Remember my freak-outs after New York? Remember all those crappy suits I built? Remember my nightmares? How long did it take me to come to terms with all that? And that was the events of one day. He's got seventy years of shit to deal with, and he's done some horrible, unspeakable things against his will. I know you want him to be OK, but you might not be the best person to
Steve let out a breath that was anything but happy. "So, it is sabotage." Hill just shrugged, and Steve said, "So, why alert the Avengers—?"
"Yeah, exactly, Tony. How? Unless there's something you're not telling me about other anatomical bits that didn't quite disappear when you got changed back."
"I know, babe, I know," he said and turned back to him. "But all I keep thinking is that someone else is deciding my fate
Steve glanced up to him, a small smile pulling at his lips, his eyes shiny. "Thank you." He nodded at the baby. "For her." He then nodded his head at the space surrounding him. "For this. For everything. I don't— I couldn't—" He closed his mouth and shook his head. "Thank you," he reiterated simply.
to do it again — by his own choice and not something that was forced on him? To be honest, he'd kind of actually
"The hell it's nothing. Something's over there. And not a single goddamned car on this godforsaken road in the last
No, these people were here, had decorated his penthouse and brought him food and presents, because they
"Look, I'm just saying you've been fortunate in that your Fruit of the Looms have held up so far, but I really don't want to think about the day that you get that one pair that's just a
He pulled out a cutting board, and he lay it down on the counter and then opened the bag of beans. "Steve's worried about me?" he asked as he poured some beans onto the board.
They followed the flow of traffic into the ballroom, the grand room done up with large sprays of seasonal flowers, rose and azure lights that melded together for a soft purple glow, and a stardust effect lighting the ceiling. Steve just exhaled a light breath as he took in the array, pocketing his sunglasses with his free hand, and he shook his head a little and said, "This seems to defeat the purpose of raising money."
"How 'bout we start with the easy stuff? I'm Tony, your husband. This is our house where we stay from time-to-time. It's Christmas Day, and I'm pretty sure all those presents under that tree are for our spoiled brat of a daughter—"
"Back in a bit," he said with a wink, and Tony smiled then called out to him as he left the room, "Be careful! City's not completely up and running yet— And don't even think of getting involved in some humanitarian effort! Your family comes first, Steve!"
"Yes, and quite a substantial one," she replied, looking solemn and a little sympathetic. "You can understand what's happening to you but still be in denial that it's happening or keep hoping that you'll wake up one morning and it won't be there and everything will have gone back to normal. As I understand it from Bruce, this is…not something that can be terminated. It has to follow its natural course, and I'm not sure that you've actually accepted that this event is happening to you."
There was an egg on the stove — like someone had literally cracked an egg onto the stove — and Tony shook his head and said, "I don't want to know."
The woman just hummed some more, and she reached out to brush her fingers at some tendrils of hair that had fallen out of his ponytail and said, "You do make for a very pretty woman, don't you, Mr. Stark? Or is it
As Steve slowed the car to a stop at a red light, he glanced over to Tony and said, a smirk tugging at his lips, "Well, good. I don't feel so bad for marrying you for your money now."
Bruce groaned and rolled his eyes. "I don't know, Tony," he said and directed some more medical personnel to a room down the hall. "Put on some music. Take a bath. Take a nap. Think of some new insults for Barton. Just
, it was whispered — means of getting an heir to the throne even through a man as obstinate as the King himself. These were practices that predated Christendom and had fallen out of favor in the centuries since the conversion, and to some degree, they ran contrary to the teachings of the Church itself. If God had wanted the heir of King Howard to be able to conceive a child, then God would have given the King a daughter instead of a son. A son was to father an heir, not to conceive one himself.
"Oh, nice to see you, too," Steve said but still put a hand to his lower back and gave him a chaste kiss in greeting.
"Tried to give me some bullshit about how we'd only be 'borrowing' it, so it wasn't technically stealing." He smiled a little, faintly, but it couldn't mask the ever-present horror that clouded his eyes. "I guess you can take the kid out of Brooklyn…"
"Uh…" he said, trying to buy himself just a little bit of time. Was Steve mad? Sad? Angry? Disappointed?
"Fixing your daughter's hair." He put a hand atop Olivia's head and said to her, "Gonna be good for your papa while your Uncle Rhodey is gone?"
"Nothing. There's been a...incident...with Iron Man. Nothing major. Don't worry. But I need to get him back to the Tower ASAP."
"And so long as the fetus remains healthy and viable, the mother shall remain the same," Bruce said.
If looks could have killed, Esmeralda would have been dead ten times over. Still, Steve turned his attention away from her and toward Tony, and he crouched down beside him and said, "Are you all right?" as he reached out and brushed his fingers against Tony's face.
from each other in that one photo — trouble in paradise? The more weight you put on during pregnancy, the harder it is to take off afterward. He wasn't really going to
"No," he said, casual, playing off the slight smarting the words gave him. "Only saw one on the ultrasound, unless the other one was hiding."
He motioned over Tony like that explained what he hadn't said, but Tony just raised an eyebrow and said, "Now
"Evidently not if we can still hear you," Tony said as the elevator opened, and Tony opened his eyes and saw they were at the lab level. Steve motioned Thor and Barton off, Thor dragging the Iron Man armor with him, before he hit the button for the penthouse.
"That, I will agree with," Rhodey said, glancing up from the baby to look amongst the group and nod his approval.
Natasha nodded her agreement, and even Bruce seemed to indicate that he found Wilson and Barnes' strange dick-measuring contest to be of some amusement to him.
Tony's laughs finally died down to an amused chuckle, and his eyes lit up in lust and delight. "Yeah, you do. Fuck, the things I know about Captain America that no one else would believe."
. You could have anyone in the world — you're intelligent and creative and talented and just so…so amazing — and you settle for some poor slob from a Brooklyn tenement that was only ever worth anything to anyone after he became a science experiment."
the baby's born. Until we know that everything's OK." He reached out and put his hand over Tony's belly. "Until we know for absolute certain that it's a boy."
Tony shrugged. He was still feeling a little woozy from the changeover, and he wasn't sure he was thinking quite straight.
you could be Chick Tony Stark, but you look, like, ten years younger than he did, and I still think the whole thing is bullshit and he's holed up somewhere in a nuthouse or half-dead or even just plain
"No, not really," she said and waved them through again, "but I know how sensitive you are about this. I thought you'd like to take every precaution."
"Yeah, but that's what I have you for," Steve said with an easy shrug and stepped back out of the room.
The man opened and closed his mouth a couple times, blinking, like he wasn't even sure what to say, and Tony took a sip of his vanilla chai — ugh, tolerable but he could have gone for an extra-large Americano right about now, and he wasn't talking about one that answered to 'Captain' — then set the cup down and said, "I believe you have some pictures for me."
"Isn't that a coincidence?" he muttered then turned back and exhaled a breath. Jesus Christ, he was not in the mood to deal with this. Again. He tried to find his way through the crowd and tried to remember which stupid level of the club their table was on, but he could
"It is adorable when you go all fifty shades of red like that, but you're not my Steve, and I don't want to make you any more uncomfortable than you already are, so why don't we drop it for now and pick it back up at a more convenient time — say, when we're both naked in bed together?"
She then nodded her head toward the door and said, "Get out of here before Steve sees you and starts asking questions. Making him go out in the field when he knows what's going on back at home might be even worse than keeping him home when he knows what's going on out in the field."
Steve hummed in thought and said, "But that's my point. I couldn't have done better than you. I would have been…" He exhaled a breath and shook his head. "I know I couldn't have handled it anywhere near as well as you did, and that…that amazes me.
"Uh, and this is not innuendo in any way, but I'm gonna need you to take that shirt off so I can get at that arm."
"Would it negate the effects of the serum that flows through your body? Not entirely. You won't suddenly turn back into the sickly, ninety-pound man that you were, but it's possible you may find in years to come that your strength and your health begin to, well, come more in line with that of what your kind normally experiences."
In fact, he was pretty sure that was where her disappointment would stem from. Not that Steve was 'bi,' as the future had reassured him, but that in taking up with a fella, he was effectively doing away with any chance of having a family — having children — of his own. He knew his ma would want him to get married and have children — oh, she'd probably be very much in agreement with Esmeralda on that front — and she would see his being with a fella as taking away from that. To be honest, he wasn't sure how his ma would react to what had happened to them over the course of the last year — how she would react to a son-in-law that had been turned into a woman and had given birth to her granddaughter — but he liked to think she would...come to accept it, so long as Steve was happy.
Steve didn't let him finish. "No! I mean, yes, you— I got that. I understood that. You're…you're a good teacher. But no, I," and he heaved out a sigh and said, "No, I did. I'm— I'm good. Thank you, Tony, for your help."
"Where else is she going to stay? Where do you get furniture for kids? Her sleeping in my bed will be OK for a couple days, but after that—"
He just nodded and murmured his thanks, and Rhodey strode over to the steps and went upstairs to the bedroom.
But Natasha just smiled at him, her eyes going soft and maybe even a little fond. "Of course, it's different with you, isn't it?"
Steve cleared his throat so obnoxiously, Tony was certain he almost burst a blood vessel. "You OK back there, old man?"
"Ugh," he said and tried to adjust himself to get into a comfortable sitting position again. God, were his joints supposed to ache this much? "Seriously," he said and brushed some crumbs from the sheets. "Laughing, sneezing, pretty much
He dropped his phone onto the worktable, and he cleared his throat and turned to his computer and said a somewhat emotion-filled, "Uh, J? What were we working on again?"
Jesus, where the hell would he be next year? If past-him spent the day with Tony and the baby, where did present-him go? Well, if that really had happened to him, he supposed he'd find out then.
He snorted a laugh and logged into his computer. "The blind leading the blind," he muttered and folded his arms as he sat back in his chair. He winced at the change in terrain and adjusted his arms so that they rested just beneath his breasts and said, "Say, J? Maybe we might want to look into—"
He kind of wondered who had been the one to inform Hill of this whole mess, but at the same time, he didn't care. He was just glad she did know and it was someone else for his side.
"But we're a team, Stark," Barton said. "Like the Musketeers. One for all and all for one. Hey, Cap, what was that cheesy rallying cry you were thinking of trying out? 'Avengers-something,' wasn't it?"
DUM-E whirred a little in what sounded like sadness, his claw lowering just the slightest, but Barnes stared at him a little thoughtfully and said, "Wait, you actually like it, don't you?"
Tony sighed out a breath that sounded a lot like a groan and fumbled for what to do with his hands before he decided on hugging his arms around his waist.
Tony just made a 'hmm' sound and pushed closer to Steve, eyes shut tight. Steve adjusted his arms, and Barton sighed and groaned and said, "We lost them, didn't we?"
— anyway, so, I winked at him and said, 'You get what you pay for.' Then I said I hadn't quite undergone
Bruce just blinked and stuttered out a few words like he wasn't quite sure where Tony was going with his questioning.
The pipes creaked a little from disuse, and he waited for the disgusting squelch of brown water to make its way through the pipes before it began to run clear, and he stripped down as he waited for the water to warm up. He tried to get a good look at himself in the mirror — not to check himself out but to see if anything noticeable had changed as of late — but the mirror was one of those small cabinet jobs kind of high up on the wall, and so he could really only get the bust of himself and nothing below that.
"Honey, it's the truth. Look, let's just forget about that, OK? You always get pissy when you start convincing yourself that you've robbed the cradle—"
DUM-E beeped and whirred in response, and Barnes looked at Tony, disbelief and perplexity written over his face. Tony just shrugged. "I told you. He likes Steve the best."
Steve said nothing, instead preferring to stab a couple pieces of General Tso's Chicken with his fork, and Tony sighed a little.
"What the hell is it with you past-people and this belief that any disembodied voice has to be coming from the ceiling?"
He then went up on his toes and pressed a kiss against Steve's mouth, and Steve allowed himself to follow Tony's lead until such time as Tony broke the contact and moved away again. Steve licked his lips, getting the last remnants of Tony's taste into his mouth, and tried to quash that overwhelming feeling of disappointment at the loss of contact with Tony's body. Maybe it was some — what did Tony call it? — weird muscle memory of some kind. If he was actually married to him, he was probably accustomed to
It might have been nice to say he thought about it on the drive back uptown, but traffic was a bit heavier, and he spent most of the time cursing out cyclists and cabbies that kept cutting him off or getting into his way, and he was never so thankful to pull into the garage as he was that afternoon, sighing as he put the car into park and leaned his head back against the headrest. Ugh, he was so tired, but he wasn't about to take a nap in the car, and so he steeled himself, shut the car off, and grabbed his bag to make his way back upstairs to the penthouse, leaning against the wall of the elevator as he rode the dozens of floors from the garage to his home in the sky. He pulled the box out with the intention of looking over the photographs again, but instead he yawned and clutched them against his chest…sort of. Really more like his gigantic belly at this point.
