Mycroft did offer them a place at a safe-house down in the country but Sherlock would rather wait for John’s input on the proposition before getting ahead of himself.
The fingers skirt along his pubic area, swirling circles around his inner thighs and it feels like a switch has been flicked in his brain.
Sherlock wakes in the middle of the night to an empty bed.
“I’ve only been gone four minutes.”
“Huh,” Watson hums, mulling over Sherlock’s statement for a moment before replying, “She’s far too good for him.”
“It’ll be okay John,” he begins, “The transmission was not broadcasted anywhere else. Mycroft’s agents managed to intercept all the other broadcasts-”
Which is why he’s up at 2 am in the morning, flipping open his laptop and inserting the thumb drive into the USB drive like a blithering idiot who has no sense of self-control.
“Yes?” Sherlock frowns.
Suddenly, an idea pops into his head, a tiny spark setting off fireworks in his brain because Sherlock now knows exactly what to do with the time he has before John gets home.
John smiles.
John succeeds, for once, in hailing a cab. He tugs at Sherlock’s coat gently, inviting him to enter the cab first before shutting the door behind them.
John smiles a little bit at this, an unspoken thank you visible in his gaze as he finishes the last bit of his tea.
Because Sherlock cannot do anything by halves.
Dammit, why is he focusing on his own misery? His mind palace imprint is fast-fading and he has to get back there if he wants to solve the case, pronto. In addition, he doesn’t need Mary’s affirmation to prove that he’s a genius to the others. All he needs to do is solve the case.
His eyes open wide in horror as his brain goes back online, tethering him back to reality.
“Fuck yes,” Sherlock groans, his voice reaching a high-pitch as John finally gets the angle right, hitting the sweet spot he’d been laving attention on just now, “FUCK."
Doesn’t mean that he doesn’t still feel hurt though.
John climbs under the covers, sighing softly as Sherlock reaches for him, entwining their fingers.
“-But would you prefer to admit to it yourself?” he finishes, leaving it vague.
“We’re planning on going to that pizza place down in the southern part of campus,” John grins warmly, “Would you like to join us?”
Sherlock takes the cue and moves him to stand, holding John carefully as he carries him to the kitchen table, seating the man down as he apportions the rice and soup, settling the bowl of pad thai in front of John.
Unclasping his hand from Sherlock’s waist, John turns to the cupboard, seeking out their collection of client-given wine. He picks the oldest bottle of them all, giving it a good look at before drawing out the wine glasses and setting them on the kitchen table.
What if John isn’t going to Harry’s after all? What if he’s going to Mary’s?
“Can I?” he whispers softly and John’s heart stutters at the sound.
“I discontinued my lessons, they weren’t necessary any longer since I wasn’t planning on pursuing it as a career. I stuck to doing solo shows instead, mostly for charity events. Well, if I was ever asked to that is. I would still practice in private when I had the time. But eventually I became more interested in chemistry and detective work so the dancing stopped altogether.”
“I’m cleaning.” Harry looked around at the partially glistening room as John relieved her of the takeaway bags she was holding. “I’ll get plates.” After kissing Rosie hello, Harry followed him into the kitchen.
Danny paused, “I insist on condoms. I’m clean but had a scare a while back and got tested, been completely clean since then. I made a promise, I had this friend…” Sherlock didn’t miss the distant gaze as Danny trailed off, nor the renewal of sorrow on Danny’s face. It was obvious that Danny had lost more than one person he was close to. This was obviously a tender spot that haunted Danny still and suddenly, Sherlock felt all his own loneliness. “Scottie helped me when no one else cared to. I owe him so much and I’ll never get a chance to pay him back. The least I can do is honour his hopes for me.”
John’s mind was moving faster.
Mycroft heaved a put-upon sigh before looking directly at his brother and saying, “Hold any ceremony you like, invite all your friends. Have repeat performances, none of them is legally binding until a year from now. I won’t apologise for that because I’ve put in a lot of effort to get things even this far, so no, there are no
peculiar
, and home once more. He didn’t know how to deal with these facts.
John spent most of the rest of the day sitting in his chair and holding the paperback he’d been reading when he had still lived with Mary. He wasn’t actually reading it, but Sherlock had handed it to him and then had lain down on the sofa to think. He didn’t move for hours so neither did John. When the omega finally roused himself, he looked upset still, especially when he openly deduced that John had not moved a jot the entire time. Sherlock silently got up, set John the task of preparing a hot meal, and then went to shower and dress.
John woke someplace cold and nearly black from lack of light. He was completely naked as well as shaved from head to toe. It wasn’t exactly cold, but it wasn’t warm either, especially without a stitch on. Swallowing down nerves and a flutter of fear, John felt the surfaces around him. The first felt rough, cool. Cement. There wasn’t a lot of space, it didn’t take long to feel four walls around him. Two of them were smooth, almost warm, and were translucent, at least, he seemed to be able to see beyond them, but only a few inches and he could not locate a door. John took several deep breaths and tried not to panic.
Sherlock didn’t say anything. He wasn’t hungry even though he hadn’t had a proper meal in days, nor had he been fed regularly while he’d been held for sale. No one cared for slaves. Once the judge had stripped him of his citizenship, Sherlock had been locked in a cell on his own to preserve his virginity and then had essentially been forgotten. John gave him a bowl of hot bowl of vitamin infused gruel and a large whole grain bread-roll, setting a steaming hot cup of unsweetened black tea beside it, “All of it, you need to keep your strength up.”
“I wish we could work from here and not with Mycroft,” Sherlock grumbled. “Now John feels as if he’s being deliberately left out, and he’s not.”
It was worth it. John’s face was even more expressive than usual. Sherlock reached behind himself to hold John’s cock to slick it once more with a generous amount of saliva, place it at the most comfortable angle and sat back down. “We have lube,” panted John but Sherlock shook his head. He wanted to feel this for days, and no artificial product was going to deny him that. Sherlock let his head fall back as his hips began to move. He didn’t try anything fancy, he didn’t know how not yet. He rocked and rocked, sliding up and down a bit, gradually moving with greater assurance until he was moving fast and hard.
All through the day, Sherlock gave John different orders. Some were precise, and some were less so. He was testing John’s responses and limitations, and it relaxed John even more. This was the Sherlock he knew and loved.
solving puzzles.”
.” Mycroft walked over the John and stared down at him coldly, “Where is your spine, man? You used to possess one, and it is one of the characteristics that made you a suitable partner for my brother. Do not continue allowing Sherlock to run rampant over your needs and emotions just because you feel deeply for him. You are in the private care ward of a fully functional medical facility staffed with the most highly trained personnel I could find. It is
She didn’t mention John, not ever, even though Sherlock knew the doctor had attempted to come by several times, even shouting up from the street, trying to gain admittance. Mrs Hudson refused and went so far as to call Mycroft to have John shooed professionally away. After he’d been removed, Mrs Hudson came upstairs and silently gave Sherlock a long and tight hug that lasted for nearly seven minutes, and wordlessly provided a sharps container for his used needles, considerately leaving it beneath the kitchen sink, available but discreetly hidden. He let her. Mrs Hudson
Mycroft looked just as unhappy, “I believe so. Gregory has a team on it, they’re searching for Doctor Watson right now. It won’t be long. I believe the Duty Nurse ensured that the doctor was handed over to their security staff, and Anthea is currently following up on their procedures and determining where the Doctor has ended up.”
The trip home was silent but blissful. John escorted Sherlock out of the taxi and through their front door. “I noticed you’ve been following a rather antiquated courting ritual.” Sherlock was standing very close to John in the foyer of their rooms. He was still wearing the long cloak and his stocking clad calves were barely exposed. John longed to follow the sheer fabric upward to verify if Sherlock had worn everything John had given him. “Do we count this as our first date or our thousandth?” Sherlock bit his bottom lip for a moment, “Tonight felt like so many other nights with you, John, but at the same time, I’ve never had an evening like this, not ever.”
with.”
“How is that relevant to me? It’s hardly the first time Watson contemplated the irrelevance of vows and honour.” Sherlock sneered as best he could. His face hurt, though, and his lip was swollen on one side so it came out as more of a lisp than anything.
“Maybe a lot?” Sherlock wasn’t interested in hiding his emotions from Danny. He’d hidden his emotions his entire life and all it had gained him was misery. He’d known Danny for only a day, and so far, every moment had felt right. Even thinking of John had become less painful, though the tremendous love he had for the soldier was as large as it ever was. Danny was soothing, a panacea, but he wasn’t John and he never could be. That didn’t mean he was
Sherlock stood there, his face impassive and unreadable, “I expect we have an old fan working the bookings desk. Obviously not enough of one to know how much has changed in the last several years.”
“And for my good money, I expect a level of professionalism!” Sherlock continued on as if John had said nothing, “Besides which, you are well within your prime and he had nothing but jealousy to prompt him to even try and put you down! Your grey hair is delightfully charming, he
It seemed appropriate to bend down and kiss John, so he did. The doctor fit perfectly in his arms, and it felt so nice to have their mouths press together as they were right then. John made a rumbling sound right before the kiss was deepened, both men hungrily trying to consume the other. Sherlock’s body felt sluggish yet again, but this time the languorous sensation was due to the intensity of his arousal. “I have no idea what I’m doing. Not a clue.”
John was surprised at how little time it took before Sherlock was undulating shamelessly above him, his head thrown back, his hands planted on John’s chest to brace himself. John slicked his hand quickly and began to stroke Sherlock’s erection. This wasn’t going to last long, not tonight, not after all this time. Sherlock already looked wrecked, his hips trembling as his body rocked downward with increasing roughness. When John began to thrust back, Sherlock let out a short deep groan. He got louder the hard John went, finally covering his mouth with his hand to stifle his shouts as John slammed upwards as hard as he could. Sherlock suddenly went rigid, and John felt his cock throb hard as a thick spray of semen erupted from Sherlock’s cock in one shocking burst. Several pulses of come followed it, all running over John’s fingers. He kept his other hand on Sherlock’s hip as he began to thrust faster, chasing his own orgasm. “My beautiful John, how I love you.” Sherlock’s voice was dreamy and sated, and it made John’s eyes cross unbecomingly when he peaked suddenly. He squeezed them shut and tried not to gulp at the air as his body quaked with the intensity of his response to Sherlock. It was like no other orgasm he’d ever had, powerful, universal, and so incredibly perfect that John finally understood what it meant to see stars. He was adrift in a universe filled with pleasure.
Sherlock felt awful once more as John managed to find a way to assume guilt for what Sherlock had done to himself, “No, don’t say things like that John. I flustered myself. I’m…” he was so awful when it came to talking about feelings! “I’m worried that I might hurt you or begin doing to you what your dream counterpart did to me. I don’t want to do anything like that to you.”
proposal from you because your feelings are most heartily returned. You are my very best friend too, John, and I will only ever marry you, should you see fit to reward me with such a question.”
“You are useless sometimes.” Sherlock began kicking at the expensive and heavy furniture.
Mycroft and Gregory tirelessly kept him going. When he finally solved the case (cloned key stolen from the singular possessor of it, love triangle gone bad), they procured a deformed body for him to slice and mount in panes of plexiglass as part of a touring anatomical display for students. It was soothing to simply follow procedures, to examine each detail with strict professionalism, and to not doubt what he was seeing or doing. After that, Molly secured Sherlock lab time at one of the universities so that he could obtain some advanced instruction on rare toxins. They allowed him to retain small samples for his personal collection. He made careful notes regarding the facts and organised them along with everything else on his website,
Mary’s face was unattractively flushed, and suddenly, John had had enough. “He said you were prejudiced and that I just didn’t want to see, and once again, he was right. I didn’t want to see. Now I understand why you always vetoed omegas who applied to be on our staff, and why you treat Dr Sawyer with such disrespect. I thought you were just jealous because we used to date. You’re a horrible person, Mary. Now that I think on it, I never did ask you to marry me, you just put on the ring and sat right back onto David’s prick. Well, continue fucking yourselves, I’m gone.”
Sherlock nodded and felt shaky. John held his hand and slowly drew him into the hallway, allowing Sherlock to direct him to his temporary bedroom. John cast a quick look around at the mess he found there, and Sherlock was surprised to find that his soldier looked teary and sentimental, “You really know how to leave an impression on a place. I’ve actually missed this.”
he was going to work seven days a week. When he was on the pull, John reeked of his aftershave and wore a properly pressed a shirt instead of choosing one of his wash and wear ones, and even polished his shoes, all the normal Watson date behaviours of old.
Now they were too busy to feel awkward. Often, they were home only long enough to have a quick wash and change of clothes, grabbing a hastily assembled sandwich on the way out the door. When they came home to shower before catching some much-needed sleep, Sherlock couldn’t help but notice everything John did. The breach between them hadn’t entirely healed yet, but that didn’t stop Sherlock from remembering all the intimate things about John that he knew. Showers now reminded Sherlock that the soldier had a very healthy sexual appetite, one that he sated with his hand on a regular, and even frequent basis. For a man in his mid-forties, John’s libido hadn’t cooled much. He was discreet, but it wasn’t difficult to hear his moans and grunts through the paper-thin walls, especially if you were just outside the door. When John got himself off in his bedroom, all Sherlock had to do was go to his and listen.
John flushed again, only this time he was angry, “I’m not
certainly could. I know you’ve fantasized about taking it up the bum.” Mary laughed nastily, “He’d split you in two, his cock is so fucking huge. It’s like this deformity between his legs. I mean, he’s fun and everything but yeah, thank goodness you’re always willing to give me a bit more than a rub-up.”
“Go to sleep, Sherlock. We’ll figure things out in the morning.” Sherlock felt so much better with John against his back. He felt sheltered and comforted, protected, and coddled. John’s embrace was firm, it allowed Sherlock to close his eyes trustingly. He could feel John’s strong heartbeat against his skin and enjoyed the firmness of John’s thighs pressed against the backs of his. It was all lovely and in no time, he was able to drift off peacefully.
Agog with the politeness he was experiencing, John motioned Sherlock to follow him to his spartan kitchen area. Plugging in a small kettle, John searched for and eventually found a second mug. He had enough inexpensive bagged tea to brew two cups, so he did so, fully aware that he was stalling, and that Sherlock was staring. “Is there something I can help you with, Mr Holmes?”
relieving himself, and washing his hands, Sherlock decided to shave and to even dab a bit of aftershave on, though he didn’t normally. He met Lestrade in the foyer, “What now?”
John got to his feet. “I understand, I don’t blame you.” Turning stiffly, John walked back to the doorway, picked up his bags, and lurched down seventeen steps until he was at the front door. He had no place to go but that was his own fault and no one else’s. He was weak and honourless. He couldn’t keep his word to his fiancée and couldn’t keep his word to his lover. John left.
Mary was resourceful as well as creative in bed, but John wasn’t
“Who are you, Sherlock Holmes?” Danny’s voice was soft and full of wonder. So lost were they in their conversation that they hadn’t heard someone trudging up the stairs. “Visitor,” whispered Danny, cutting his eyes to the door before going back to gazing at Sherlock intently.
“Sherlock had no idea that Mycroft knew the same man I did, Mycroft kind of sprung that on us. It’s…it’s complicated.”
Sherlock asked no questions. He felt sick and listless, much like he had after detox, but did as he was told, carefully grooming himself so that his best face would be showing to the viewing public.
, John?”
“Good, we still need to make some plans. You said you were selling this place?” Trust Harry to have some kind of idea worked out. She was a ruin in her own right when it came to her life, just like John was, but maybe that’s why it was always easier to hear the solution from their sibling. Harry listened to John when she was at her worst and it had worked out well for her. Now, it was John’s turn to take his sister’s advice, and hope for the best, ‘You’ve cocked shit up so badly, John, I’m just being honest because you have so much utter rot to make up for. First off, move back in with him. I don’t know why you waited this long. Everyone in London knows he was waiting for you to come back. What, you enjoy paying enormous amounts of money every month for a place you hardly even stay in?”
Sherlock still looked angry, but instead of leaving, he came around the table, grasped John’s face in his hands, leaned down, and kissed John hard on the mouth. It was invasive, full of passion, fury, and infused with something that made John’s hands shake,
John looked up and seemed startled but then a large warm smile spread across his face, “Starving. Where?”
shower and get ready for the very-consensual-I-am-not-raping-my flatmate-sex.”
He’d been furious when Sherlock ‘came back to life’, interrupting his attempt at proposing to Mary. She’d worn his ring anyway, despite the fact that instead of asking her to be his wife, John spent the night punching Sherlock right in the subtext. He’d stayed angry for weeks, going through with the wedding, and taking malicious delight in tormenting his newly returned friend. It wasn’t until much later that John felt shame for his horrible behaviour, but it only got worse. Mary’s sly digs and gaslighting kept John off balance. She seemed to genuinely like the scientist, but then, Mary had shot Sherlock. Sherlock died right in front of John three separate times, and it wasn’t until the detective was finally in surgery that another doctor managed to restart his heart and stem the fatal bleed-out.
working. John totally understood why Sherlock would be reluctant to pursue such a desire. He was still called a freak by many just for being intelligent and perceptive, and being called out on his less-than-common preferences would hurt him worse than being disparaged for his natural talents. John doubted that Sherlock wanted people to have even more reasons to call him names.
Sherlock burned inside. He was so angry right then. He was furious and appalled.
John felt like shit again and did the one thing that made him feel a little bit okay, he checked his dating app. Sure enough, there was a small collection of hopeful messages. They made him smile before he finally fell asleep.
solution.”
decision, and he might have been content forever if Sherlock had not returned and forced him to look deeper than he might have otherwise.
the way awake?” John blinked and rethought the last while. He paled, covered his face with his hands and pressed himself backwards until the taps gave him a very intimate reminder that they were present. “John?”
John looked awful. Sherlock’s gaze darted up and down as he took in all of John’s tells.
“What? No! Danny is there! I couldn’t…”
Sherlock felt a deep need to comfort this man. He wanted to reach out the way he so often wanted to reach out to John but could never figure out how. Sherlock recalled the numerous times he wished he’d had someone to lean on, so he encouraged his new friend to do so with him. Collapsing into his arms, the younger man sagged heavily against him for a long minute, then Danny sniffed hard, wiped his eyes once more, and smiled at Sherlock. “Here, budge up.” They shifted positions until Sherlock’s head was on Danny’s lap, “Relax, gorgeous. I’m going to touch you and show you how to touch me back. Just relax. Let me do this.”
“Oh, you’ll come, little boy.” The soldier was good at following instructions. He had Sherlock on his back in moments, his legs spread as wide as they could go. He used his hand to keep his cock in place and then thrust the weirdly fat head inside as hard as he could. Sherlock felt the air rush out of his lungs as his body was forced to accommodate the soldier’s stiff shaft. He felt his muscles and sphincters reluctantly give way and felt the shock of entry go straight to his cock. “Good boy, such a sweet tight boy.”
tidy up for
Twenty minutes later, Sherlock emerged from the shower. He was slightly pink from head to obviously buffed toes, clearly scrubbed as hard as he could manage and now clad in his pyjamas and robe. “Tea?” John asked, folding his paper away.
John was cold and miserable. He stomped his feet in the entryway, trying to knock off the last stubborn clumps of snow that clung to his boots despite his careful kick-off on the stoop on his way in. John’s hands were numb with cold. His gloves were clearly inadequate, and though he’d worn them the entire way home from work, his hands were stiff. His skin felt like he’d been dipped in ice-water, and that he was a breakable sack of humanity, brittle and fragile. He’d forgotten his waistcoat when he’d dressed early in the morning and now his back was rigid with chill, his kidneys complaining mutely of the lack of adequate coverage. “John, you’re home. Drink this.”
, he’s more important. I’m helping.”
“I’ll go to the nursing station right away, pet, and we’ll find him, good?” Sherlock nodded tentatively and gave her Anthea’s number, “His assistant? Right, I’ll go now.”
“Happiest, my alpha. You make me happiest.” It was Christmas, and John had gotten a very unexpected present, one that he would love for the rest of his life and it was good.
Sherlock kissed his cheek tenderly, “I know you do, my love, but you will grow accustomed to wealth soon enough.”
Sherlock set to work the moment John was out of sight. He hated Christmas, but John really loved it. It was the twenty-first of December, and Sherlock had made plans to make this the best Christmas John had ever experienced at Baker Street, admittedly not a terribly lofty goal, given their history here, but still. Mrs Hudson tittered in the background, providing regular rounds of tea, and doling out hearty assortments of biscuits to help fuel his transport. Her face was filled with pride and a great deal of affection, all of which Sherlock pretended to ignore but privately delighted in. He liked making her happy nearly as much as he enjoyed doing so for John. With sleeves unbuttoned and rolled back, his bespoke trousers riding up at the ankles a bit, Sherlock made his way up and down the step-ladder Mrs Hudson had loaned him, guided by her soft-spoken suggestions and gentle hints.
on me for how I’ve behaved toward Sherlock and he
It took days before he was able to prove his ambulatory skills. John patiently assisted his friend in doing stretches and gentle strength building exercises now that such movement would no longer risk his health. It was frustrating, but Sherlock had been on his belly for far too long, he was weak everywhere, but not so undone that he wasn’t eager to go use the loo more or less on his own, sitting on the specially installed padded ring while John hovered anxiously outside the door. Several unpleasant but bearable minutes later, Sherlock was triumphantly washing his hands, tottering out on shaky legs, but firmly on the way to being independent once again. With a crooked grin of total glee, Sherlock wobbled over to John and nearly collapsed in his willing arms, “Take me home, John.”
“Oh, you won’t,” promised Sherlock, “I’m going to be the best shag of your life. No matter who you fuck after this, it’s going to be me you think of when you come. I hope you’ve got what it takes to get me off, soldier.”
The ache in John’s chest was noticeable now, almost enough to disturb the agitated alpha into moving but he was like a statue, his hands upon Sherlock’s head, cradling the mind that he loved so much. John leaned forward and pressed his forehead to Sherlock’s, his nose pressed against his omega’s hair as he softly begged Sherlock to pull through. John kissed Sherlock’s brows, and his temples, and made sure his worried tears did not splash on Sherlock’s still face.
In the cruel early hours of the morning, reality was a bit less kind to John Hamish Watson. All his regrets and guilt were well rested and ready to haunt him harder than ever. In the shower, John swore that he’d do better today, that he’d
meant to make it look like I was cheating on you, and if I’d paused for even a minute after you began to doubt me instead of reacting like a prideful cretin, I would have seriously re-thought how to react to your reaction. Instead, I made something bad even worse because I made you feel like someone who wasn’t worth being honest and true to, and that’s the very last feeling I want you to have. I’m yours, Sherlock, only yours. There’s no one in the world like you, you can’t be replaced or forgotten. I love you so bloody much, there isn’t room in my heart for anyone but you. I can’t even imagine laying a finger on anyone in an intimate way, not unless it’s you. You’re my entire world, Sherlock, my whole universe.”
“Couldn’t take anymore.” John’s eyes were closed, “S’good. Perfect. Just what I needed.” He lay there on his belly, his thighs still spread, his arse opened just enough for Sherlock to see the thick white remains of his own perfect moment leaking out a bit. “I guess that’s it then? Together forever?”
There was nowhere to go, nowhere to hide. John was his only choice and Sherlock knew that no one, especially people like Mrs Hudson, would help him get away or assist him in any way. “If it’s alright with you, I would prefer not to have lunch. I don’t normally eat a large amount.”
Looking back, John could see how Mary had been a perfectly timed and deliberate distraction, a heartless gambit wrung from the tatters of John’s life, all to make Sherlock Holmes suffer. Now she was dead, vanquished along with all the great evil geniuses that had plagued them, every last one of them defeated. They weren’t around any longer to scourge the consulting detective, but they didn’t need to be. John was there, picking up where they had left off, hurting Sherlock daily a thousand times over. John loathed who he’d become, and he couldn’t see a way out of it.
John felt his stomach twist once again, his gaze falling to his shoes. He’d spent that last half-decade hating himself because of what had caused their rift. It was all his fault, and because of his own actions, Sherlock had eventually ended all contact with the ex-soldier, “I’m sorry, Sherlock.”
“I just need a flop.” Sherlock scrounged his voluminous pockets and found twenty pounds. Handing it over, he followed the vague directions until he located an almost empty room. There were two people in it, but they were passed out cold, their faces tranquil and chemically peaceful. Sherlock was tempted, very tempted, but he restrained himself. The atmosphere here suited his mood, that was all. He wasn’t going to slip...not today, at any rate.
“I don’t want to wait a
“I don’t know about that, exactly,” John replied who knew full well that his issue wasn’t with the food per se, “I ate a full meal last night and not a single bite troubled me.”
John grinned down, “Me too, I just enjoy taking all the proper steps.”
Sherlock needed to come, he wanted to stop, and he wanted to know it was over by feeling John come inside him. “Alright my beautiful pet, I’m going to come, I’m going to fill you up, but I’m not going to do it until after you make a mess of the bed.” John began to fuck Sherlock steadily, brushing against his prostate every few strokes until Sherlock was keyed up to a fevered pitch. “That’s it my beauty, come for me, come for me now!”
Sherlock curled up tighter as John’s teasing voice interrupted his internal misery. “What do you want, John?” Sherlock knew he sounded tired and sad but it was too true for him to hide, and why bother anyway?
He and Sherlock had only
His naked fiancée was riding someone energetically, her hips jerking as she came, her back toward her lover, her eyes closed in ecstasy as her breasts bounced wildly. John could smell another alpha and the faint scent of suppressants that had long since worn off. He knew that smell.
“Sherlock?”
Sherlock had no schedule to keep and no one to answer to. “Oh yes, daddy, let me be your boy. Fuck me as much as you can. I’ll suck your perfect cock and you can come all over my face and chest. Cover me in come.” Sherlock rarely had the opportunity to indulge in extended play with a lover. Most of his bedmates came and went within an hour, never to be seen or enjoyed again. Now his lover had him on his back, forcing his slim body into a tight curl as he rammed into him. Sherlock couldn’t stop himself now, “Oh…oh…oh…I’m coming,
Sherlock’s face went scarlet at the brazen innuendo, and Danny laughed buoyantly, “Fuck, you are the prettiest man I’ve ever seen. Love it.” Danny kissed him again, only this time, his tongue was involved. They snogged lazily for a long time before Danny’s stomach rumbled loudly. Breaking away, they grinned and climbed out of bed.
“What do you mean? I’m staying right here.”
“Sherlock, turn around.” Mrs Hudson’s voice was stern, “You won’t regret it, I swear.”
Sherlock felt that horrible creeping doubt again and it frightened him, “What are you saying, John?”
“Why?” Danny looked so surprised, so hopeful, so grateful, that Sherlock knew he would do anything he could to help him. It felt fantastic to be looked at like that once more, to have someone see him as something good in their life instead of as a problem to be dealt with.
“I don’t either. You’re a total arse, John.” Sarah was glowering at him, “I used to think you were a stand-up man, John, but I’m beginning to doubt it now. Let me get this straight. You’ve never been bonded to Sherlock, but you treated him like your mate in public so often that everyone who saw you thought you were a proper couple, even me. John, you grieved like he was your mate when you thought he committed suicide. Now, to recap, he came back to life but instead of going back to him, you got engaged to someone you admit you can’t even really be with, shared his heat
John reached into the case and pulled out the first bottle. “Carrot?” That was odd, but Sherlock was nodding and making notes. John closed the bottle and chose another, “Liquorice?” Sherlock nodded again. John kept opening bottles and various scents wafted out. His alpha nose was very good indeed, so Sherlock made copious notes as John identified sugar-beets, lavender, honey, vanilla, iron filings, grass clippings, and a bizarre range of other odorous items until he had inspected every single vessel.
Sherlock knew that their mutual passion was fuelled by their respective sorrows, but he didn’t care.
that Sherlock had caused,
Sarah sighed, clearly exasperated with John. “Explain to me why you are here and not on Baker Street?”
“I was horrible to you.” Sherlock was appalled with himself, “I didn’t verify anything. I only checked enough to know that you were hiding something from me and presumed the rest. John!”
“I do need him, he has to know that.” John felt Sherlock’s hand card through his short hair. It felt nice but John still did not move. “I need you, John, don’t disappear. We can fix this mess, together.”
Sherlock debated for several minutes before checking his voicemail. He had seventeen messages waiting for him. The first was from Lestrade, “Sherlock, I went over to yours, but John wasn’t answering the door. Mrs Hudson said he was out. He didn’t answer my calls or return my texts. Maybe that’s a good thing because when I do see him, I’m punching him right in the fucking nose so hard he’s going to have snot coming out of his fucking ears.” That was very heartening, and Sherlock was touched. The next one was from John, “I’ve texted you like a hundred times now, Sherlock, pick up your goddamned phone and talk to me! This is going too far, now!” Sherlock listened to John’s earlier messages, “Sherlock, stop ignoring your mobile. Answer my call!” and, “Sherlock, stop acting like a brat and reply to my texts, for fuck’s sake!”, and also, “You are such a fucking child! Grow up and act like a man. I’m going out to meet Lisa right now, and I expect you home when I’m through. You can’t just run away whenever you aren’t happy about something.”
John felt like he’d detached from the man he used to be. He hadn’t felt like himself in years. Even before Sherlock fell from the roof of St Bart’s, John had noticed that he was changing. His temper was hotter. His impulses were harder to resist. He craved the violence of a good fight in a way he never had when he was enlisted.  All of those changes were boiling up. It was rare that John’s sister was ever called to retrieve him but today was that day. John’s temper and misery had already caused numerous altercations with the otherwise soft-drinking lunch crowd in the establishment. He wasn’t normally an aggressive drunk but today he was looking to shed a little blood, even if it was his own. Eventually, the bartender demanded that John leave, and that’s when Harry had been contacted. “Oh Johnny, what happened? Where’s Rosie, love?”
What will she do when he arrives?
, he thinks,
Irene’s brow furrows, clearly taken aback by his words.
It just doesn’t make any sense, there has got to be something he’s missing.
Sherlock’s breath hitches as the mattress dips, the blanket shifting as John settles into bed.
He closes his eyes, breathing in the soft, downy scent of the covers as the bathroom door opens, revealing a similarly naked John Watson who towels off, actually bothering to hang his towel on the rack before padding over, still naked, to their bed.
“... England.”
He looks on as Victor says something, prompting Sherlock to shake his head, shushing him quickly as Victor laughs.
“Oh John!” she exclaims, beaming down happily at the man standing awkwardly at her doorstep, clutching a bottle of wine close to his chest.
Sherlock steps in time with the music, segueing from Mary and John’s waltz to something far more upbeat, something far more lively.
He doesn’t need to look at John now to know what kind of expression is currently adorning the man’s face. He has to diffuse the situation, make the whole thing seem more or less platonic… And he’s got to do it fast.
“Moriarty isn’t a name, it’s a title. A title that can be passed down or shared with its assigned inheritors,” he turns to John now, wondering what the man thinks of this development. However, John's face is stiff, his expression neutral.
“Carrying on from there,” John continues, interrupting Sherlock’s thoughts, “I came to Mycroft to seek help over the Mary situation. However, I clearly got more than I bargained for.”
“No, you liked her,” Watson quips, “A woman of rare perception-”
, he thinks as he continues to gaze at the message, assuring himself that John is safe and sound and is on his way here.
“I’m sorry,” is all John says as Sherlock’s breath stutters.
“Like that time you elected to conduct an experiment concerning the effects of bubble gum on refined wool.”
He pauses, watching as Sherlock groans in response, flashing John a dark look as he crawls up the mattress, folding his arms as he slumps against the pillow.
John smirks in response.
But then, he’d blinked.
He roves his palm over the puckered mess of tissue as John takes a deep breath, his fingers dancing over the crisscrossing lines of scar tissue as he maps it out, putting it to memory.
“Yes of course,” he grins as John sighs softly, the wrinkles on his brow relaxing as he does so.
He had managed to hail a cab, its arrival timed perfectly with his exit from Baker Street. Thankfully, it’d reached the decided spot with time to spare and as a result, he had requested the driver to stop him a kilometre from where the warehouse was. It’s better not to give Mary any extra cause to question whether he’d been tracked or not.
“Let’s. Dance.”
And they’re kissing again, lips and tongues meeting in an elaborate dance as they sink deeper into each other, drunk on the sounds and feel of each other bodies.
btw idk how broadcast hijacking works I just used whatever meagre knowledge I've gleaned from spy movies lmao. It's definitely more dramatic than it is accurate. I'm certain you actually have to be at the respective broadcasting station to intercept a signal but ah who cares I was pressed for time and we don't really care about accuracy do we? (I hope)
“I love you,” John murmurs, bending to press a kiss to Sherlock’s lips, “God, do I love you.”
Today, he’s ordered some pad thai for himself while John has endeavoured to try the pineapple fried rice. They’ve both ordered some tom yum soup to share, the spicy dish being one of their shared favourites. Clearly, it’s a dish that John has sorely missed because half of it has disappeared already despite the food having only arrived 10 minutes ago.
It also means that John is going to come home late or maybe... that he’s not going to come home at all. At least that’s how it used to go in the old days - but he is married now after all.
He pauses, burying his face in his hands again as Mike sighs, setting John’s phone down on the table.
He glances up at John, his eyes widening as he takes in the man’s appearance. His clothing is crinkled as well, his hair mussed but the best part out of all of it has to be his eyes. John’s eyes, normally a deep sea blue, are now clouded over with black, his pupils so large that Sherlock is certain that if one tried hard enough, one could possibly fit a galaxy inside of them.
“Very well then”, he mutters smugly as he dips down, pressing one last kiss to Sherlock’s lips before raising himself up off Sherlock’s chest, his burgeoning erection brushing against Sherlock’s as he steadies himself against the headboard.
“Why didn’t you bring me along?” John asks, looking absolutely dejected. “This… this wouldn’t have happened to you if I’d been there, I’m sure of it.”
Since when has he ever thought up a necklace like this?
“Fuck, Sherlock, god-”
He listens for a moment as the voice goes silent. 1, 2 seconds pass before the voice all but bursts into sobs.
This involves them dammit.
“So…” Watson starts, “How do you plan to wake up?”
“I've got that covered,” Lestrade replies as he starts on his third crumpet.
“Do you want to come to the hotel with me-”
“Oh.”
Sherlock has no idea how it happened really. When he’d woken up the morning following John’s steely encounter with Mary, he’d found the opposite side of his bed cold and empty. The bedsheet smoothed back meticulously, the corners carefully tucked in.
“Could you all just shut up for five minutes?” he interjects, his voice laced with annoyance, “I have to go back. I was nearly there before you stepped on and starting
“The Bride put a gun in her mouth and shot the back of her head off and then she came back,” he starts, refusing to break eye contact with him.
And it hadn’t felt necessary at the time. John had still felt some apprehension at pursuing a relationship with Sherlock, fearful of rejection and the subsequent fallout because he did not want to lose this - this thing that they had going on, whatever it was.
“Holmes?” Joh- no Watson says.
Sherlock, that’s a lovely piece. Did you just improvise that or?
It feels like an eternity before John’s fingertips fall from his skin. Sherlock takes this as a cue to turn around.
Sherlock gasps in response, his hips rising up off the bed of their own volition as John chuckles.
Sherlock smiles to himself, typing out a quick response.
"They’ve changed so much as people… more so as a unit. There’s a tether of trust tangling the two of them together, a shared love that had always existed now brought to the light of day."
But then, Watson turns to look Sherlock directly in the eye, his voice taking on a deeper tone.
John steels himself one final time, his jaw tightening as he reaches for the dog tags, the words Sherlock Holmes grinning back at him as his fingers descend…
John’s chest swims into view, the man stirring as his phone continues to beep.
“HOLY SHIT THERE’S A DRAGONITE ON THE LEFT SIDE OF CAMPUS,” one of his less drunk rugby teammates yells, staring down flabbergasted at his phone.
John cuts him off again with another brush of his lips, his tongue diving downwards to meet his once again and Sherlock rises to the challenge, his tongue tangling tightly around John’s as he lifts his other arm, brushing a hand roughly down John’s back.
Thanks so much for reading guys! It means so much to me to see people commenting and giving kudos and aw!!! You guys are so sweet. Love you all!
That ridge of rocks - it’s really just a ledge.
Where is he exactly?
But wait... didn’t the man say something about a she?
“Well, I’ve a good mind to write to your editor.”
I'll try to get the next chapter up by next Sunday but I have an internship this week that leaves me with lesser time to write so it might take longer than expected...
“Sure Mike,” he mumbles sarcastically.
“So…” John folds his arms and smirks, waiting for Sherlock to finish his sentence for him.
“John?” Sherlock whispers as he swiftly turns the brass knob of their front door, pushing it open slowly so that John will have enough warning to shift his head away. What if this is all a hallucination? What if Sherlock has finally gone mad? He hopes to god that John is outside the door in that case but simultaneously wishes that he isn’t because if John is really showing up to 221B sounding as resigned as he seemed to be, that can only mean one thing…
“Not too far from here, you said?” Sherlock responds, turning to John before continuing, “Are you up for a bit more investigating? I’m certain we can wrap this murder up by the end of today.”
Where is he going?
The woman manages to stifle a sigh
Cameron Campbell is a 30-year-old man who lives in a 2 bedroom apartment in East London. He’s tall, blond-haired, loves watching cricket and is currently crying quite viciously into his shirtsleeve.
A purportedly unhealthy level of satisfaction.
“We needed these things to happen for us to get to this point,” he states matter-of-factly, shrugging as Sherlock pulls him closer, nuzzling up against him, “I also needed time to put to bed my denial of my bisexuality. Even though I knew that I loved you, at the time I was still scared of what that meant. What it would entail. I had had crushes on men here and there before-”
Shit.
He flips himself around, sitting up to face John who is currently clutching a rather sizeable white box. He’d really meant it when he said he’d brought his medical supplies over.
He rubs the conditioner almost lovingly into his hair, taking deep care to avoid the roots. Sherlock purrs softly in contentment, smiling at John who mimics him with a goofy-looking smile of his own.
He'd said "us", meaning John and Sherlock, meaning John and Not Mary. So what had that meant?
“Sherlock?” John queries, examining Sherlock once again.
Clearly he’d underestimated her.
“Oh John! I almost forgot, you received a letter this morning,” she hollers up the stairs.
“You shouldn't sleep starkers at this time of the year, god knows it’s cold.”
John works his jaw for a moment, his lips pursing in thought before he relaxes back into his seat. He reaches a hand to Sherlock’s, gripping it tightly as Sherlock winds his fingers around his.
Same on my front love, same on my front.
He frowns as the screen lights up in bright white light.
John leans backwards, blinking up at the ceiling before taking a deep breath.
He props himself up on his pillow, his body encased in warm cloth as his mind begins to settle.
“Nothing so far,” Mycroft answers, “We’re currently doing a sweep, my agents will notify me immediately if they find anything.”
It’s hard to believe that that was only two weeks ago.
Sherlock has next to no clue as to how Moriarty got here since the man has literally nothing to do with the case at hand. In fact, he’s pretty sure that in designing this world, he hadn’t created a Victorian Moriarty.
“You can just call me Cameron, Mr Holmes,” Cameron replies, slumping down onto a worn sofa in the center of the room, “Anyways, why turn the heating on when you can walk around in a jacket? Isn’t that the same thing?”
It's then that John flashes him a playful grin, dropping his pillow and proceeding to fling himself in Sherlock’s direction.
I’m sorry.
“I'm sorry?” John replies, his left hand clenching and unclenching.
At least the chicken he’d bought hadn’t gone to waste after all.
“Congratulations!” the man cheers as John extends his arms, allowing Sherlock to charge into his embrace. Sherlock wraps his arms around him tightly, even though he’s dirty and gross and covered head to toe in mud. When they break away, John finds that Sherlock is smiling down at him, his cheeks a deep pink.
Sherlock glares at her, his eyes fiery as he meets her gaze head on.
He pauses, his voice overflowing with grief as he wipes a stray tear away. He sees John reach abruptly for him out of the corner of his eye, but he quickly retracts his hand, turning to stare down at the ground instead
“Well if you really think so,” John continues, giggles subsiding as he tries to collect himself, “then go ahead and talk to the head of the NHS. I’m sure that you of all people will be able to convince them if you tried hard enough.”
They eat in silence, silverware clinking loudly against porcelain plates as Sherlock scoops bits of steak into his mouth. He watches John out of the corner of his eye, seeing the man play with his food for a bit before reluctantly swallowing it.
It truly just feels like someone’s carved something out of his chest, leaving the space there hollow and aching, as if he’s missing something important that he doesn’t remember.
Sherlock’s lips wobble as he continues his melancholy tune, remembering the pain of being captured, of being tortured, of wanting everything to stop - to just stop.
“You warned him?” he snickers, “Oh god what did you say?”
He listens as John huffs, his breaths gentling as he inhales, holding his breath for a moment before exhaling slowly.
Sherlock digs his nails into his cheekbones, his head hanging low.
“If we know where the stars are, we’ll always be able to find our way back home,” he always called to Redbeard, his faithful first mate, who yelped in response every time he proclaimed it...
“And… I suppose for the first time… Maybe on my back?” he blushes and says, feeling the full force of John’s gaze on him, “I’d like to see you.”
John mock sighs in answer, turning his attention to the chicken in the oven.
John rolls his eyes, wiping a stray tear from his eye.
Hit me up on
“That’s a disgusting birthmark John,” Sherlock interjects, his breathing still shallow - which means that even though he still has the presence of mind to speak, John is still doing a good job at distracting him.
“There’s only one thing in this whole business that you find interesting.”
John sighs, reaching a hand out to drag Sherlock’s chair closer to his side.
Moriarty screams as he falls, a loud, high-pitched sound that resonates in the night air. Sherlock steps forward towards the edge, gazing down at the chasm below them, watching as the dark abyss swallows Moriarty up.
They're both laughing now, giggling with each collision and Sherlock feels like this is the first time he's had proper fun in ages.
He whisks his phone off the countertop, settling down in John’s chair as he begins to flick through the emails he’d received when he was gone, although honestly there’s barely anything.
“Because doesn’t this remind you of another case?” he says, his face deadpan.
“Sherlock,” John’s voice still soothing even though it sounds broken and hoarse, “Sherlock do you not want this?”
“Hey you,” John mumbles, burying his nose in Sherlock’s hair and inhaling deeply, a hand coming to wrap around the chain of dog tags circling his collarbone.
He can’t believe his luck, he really can’t.
He pushes past Sherlock and strides into the room, rolling up his sleeves slightly as he heaves the chair towards the door. Sherlock has always admired John’s strength, and possibly his slightly muscular form, but oftentimes this admiration produces unwanted and unwelcome reactions... like right now. He can feel his face reddening like a cherry tomato and quickly makes for the kitchen before John can catch him blushing.
John doesn’t look too bad honestly. His eyes seem a little more sunken than usual, framed by dark circles that hadn’t been there when Sherlock had last seen him. But other than that, he looks alright.
Sherlock remains silent so Mary continues, “Do you really think that this is what's best for him? Living with a flatmate who is well known for cocaine addiction and destructive tendencies?” Sherlock is still keeping mum, except that he's now gripping the armrests with such force that he thinks the leather might tear, so Mary goes on, “This isn’t like the old days Sherlock. John has a family to think about right now. He has a wife and a child. Don’t come in between him and what’s best for him.”
“Sherlock, I’ve spent the last month trying to woo you and I thought that you were reciprocating,” John breathes, the words tumbling out in a rush, “I thought that you felt… something at least.”
This seems like a hard problem to fix, even for her. She’s been known to give out solid relationship advice (and sex advice but that’s another story altogether), but knowing John’s stubborn character, who knows whether he’ll listen to her or not.
Trust his best friend’s wife to make him feel like the most idiotic person on earth.
Thanks guys for being so patient and for your continued support! Sorry that this chapter is up a bit late but it's longer than normal so... I think I might have to update this biweekly if the chapters end up getting this long phew
Wait, and John Watson will come back to him, come home to him.
Oh shit.
He pumps his fist up and down far faster than before, timing the movement of his fist with his thrusts as Sherlock groans and cries, feeling the pleasure within him uncoiling and spiking.
“I sort of suspected too…” Sherlock adds, “Before the wedding even. I warned him when we talked about his duties-”
The world dissolves around him as his fingers wrap around the engraving, reality itself undulating and radiating out from his fingertips as John lets go of the necklace, taking a step back.
“We just met the man a few hours ago,” he mutters, knowing that John can hear him even though he isn’t facing him, “I can’t believe-”
He’d believed wholeheartedly that the two of them would make it back from Appledore whole and well. That that would be the end of an endless cycle of unhappiness for both of them.
Sherlock would have expected some kind of reaction from John at least... but he isn’t getting any, which is starting to worry him.
John shakes his head in response, quickly slipping his fingers out, prompting Sherlock to let out a soft whine. He lines his cock up with Sherlock’s entrance, shifting Sherlock’s legs up above his shoulders so that the man is bent nearly in half.
There’s a clear silhouette of another photo right behind the one of him and John.
He turns the knob so that the water temperature switches immediately to icy cold.
Oh god, it’s the worst.
He’s half out the door when he hears the rustling of bedsheets, signifying that Sherlock has gotten out of bed.
Oh how things have changed…
“No!” Sherlock retorts, “No, definitely not. Mycroft had captured Moriarty a few months earlier, and with my permission, fed him some information about me, enough for him to think he’d gained the upper hand, before letting him go. Moriarty started to spread fake rumours about me as you know, making me look bad in the public eye. We were waiting for Moriarty to show his hand, knowing that he’d only do so if he deemed me to be at my weakest point. Before you arrived at Barts, Mycroft and I decided on me meeting Moriarty on the rooftop. We worked out several ways that this could go, knowing that it would have to end in my suicide… well, fake suicide. So, I texted Moriarty to meet me on the rooftop.”
“Manners matter, Sherlock!” she snaps, “And especially at my age.” At this, she grabs Sherlock’s cup and saucer, slamming them down onto the table. A dribble of tea spills over the rim, pooling in the saucer.
He surveys his work once he manages to pull it off, his eyes roving over John’s skin swiftly and carefully, trying to catalogue as much of it as he can.
“Sherlock,” John starts, choking back tears, “Sherlock, when did this happen?”
“Haven't you already guessed?” Lestrade murmurs back, staring sleepily at a crumpet before John pushes the plate towards him, offering him one.
He angles his body sideways, getting a good look at the finger marks on his hip, half-moon shaped crescents still visible as he strokes the skin there, feeling the indents under his skin…
“You can be honest,” Moriarty continues, turning back to face him. “Is it noticeable?”
John hums in assertion, flicking his eyes to Sherlock once again.
John's breath hitches at this, his hand stilling momentarily. Sherlock’s lids lift slowly, his lashes fluttering as John lets out a soft gasp.
John’s hand comes up to rest on Sherlock’s extended arm. He grips it tightly, squeezing a few times as if wanting to prove to himself that Sherlock is still there. He then lets go, allowing his hand to fall from Sherlock’s arm. It comes to rest on the stretch of bed in between them. Sherlock notices that John’s hand is now clenched tightly into a fist.
Sighing forlornly, Sherlock gazes around the room once more, sussing out possible exit routes on the off chance that he does manage to escape.
He frowns, lifting the photo frame up into the sunlight.
He’d sighed in slight disappointment, tentative fingers reaching to wrap around off-white paper as he had made to stand. Depositing the note deep in his pocket, he’d made his way to the living room, his legs struggling forwards as if stuck in thick treacle. Restarting his brain after a long sleep was probably one of the worst things in the world, something that Sherlock had previously been able to successfully evade before John had started sleeping in the same bed as him.
“Ah…”
Sherlock is just about to retort before Mary continues, “You said you loved John at the wedding didn’t you?” Sherlock’s breath stutters a little at this. Shit. Mary knows, she knows and she’s about to use the very thing he cherishes against him. “If you really loved him, you would do what’s best for him.”
However, he isn’t fast enough because Moriarty moves to stand over him, his dark presence casting a large, looming shadow over Sherlock’s prone form.
“Go ahead John…” he murmurs, continuing to stare out of the window, “After everything today, nothing can faze me.”
“The fact that you’re shouting indicates that there clearly is
That’s Sherlock’s voice, his brain helpfully supplies as John calms down, resuming his seat on the bed. That’s the voice that was in my head.
It’s everything and anything he has ever wanted, Sherlock thinks, everything and anything that he has ever dreamt of because John’s kisses taste like heaven and Sherlock simply can’t have enough.
They're both still fully dressed.
“I’m truly surprised you didn’t get caught for that,” Sherlock manages through a fit of giggles.
It drops to the floor, leaving a splattered discolouration on the dark concrete.
It’s Sherlock.
John seems to ponder over his words for a bit, his expression slightly dazed and confused before he sets his jaw, looking extremely determined, as if desperate to flesh out as much of a conversation as is possible in the short time they have left.
However, for some reason that person isn’t him.
He feels the wind in his hair as the silence draws him in. The feeling of finality on that dreadful day envelops him as he once again takes a step off that ledge, plummeting to the ground like a bird with clipped wings.
Redbeard’s still form grins up at him, his nose glistening in the sunlight.
Because, it’s a little after 8 o’clock at night and for some reason...
Sherlock takes them gratefully, slipping on his T-shirt and pants quickly while John averts his gaze, looking pointedly at a dark patch on the ceiling.
“I… Sherlock I…” John begins, looking extremely perplexed, as if willing himself to say something but the words won't come.
They sit there for a moment, revelling in each other’s body warmth, holding each other close as a comfortable silence descends upon them.
Oh, fuck.
“Hey, what say we get you into a warm bath?” John says, shifting away from Sherlock till he reaches the end of the bed, holding out his hand.
“Sherlock, please,” John pleads. His voice breaks, losing its firm tone, leaving it hollow and empty. Sherlock would go so far as to say that John sounds… afraid.
John’s voice has taken on a strange quality that Sherlock can’t exactly place but he responds nevertheless.
“Sherlock… I know... That day… It was the Cameron case…” John stutters, his breaths coming faster. “You explained to me why you jumped-”
“You have a magnificent brain, Moriarty,” he says, watching as Moriarty flashes him a rather sinister grin, “I admire it... I concede it may even be the equal of my own.”
But John? Why would John have had any need to ask that question?
They have become something akin a team, making up for each other’s failings and building on each other’s strengths.
John smirks in answer, stepping into the room, the floorboards creaking beneath his feet.
He scrunches his eyes up, preparing himself mentally for the shove and fall that is about to come…
The shower door swings open just as the oven dings, Sherlock sighing heavily as John walks into view.
“Sherlock, hang on. Explain,” John calls out to him, rushing forward and slipping into stride with him, “Moriarty’s alive, then?”
I’d pull down your pyjama bottoms, your cock springing free as I take it in hand, pumping it up and down.
However, Mycroft doesn’t look like he’s in a very accommodating mood today.
It really feels like the old days, when it was just the two of them. The thrill of a new mystery and the lure of adventure being their sole companions as they waltzed into danger and into the unknown. And for the first time, in a very long time, Sherlock feels alive.
“Hey,” John chuckles softly when they part for air, reaching a palm up to Sherlock’s cheek and using his thumb to gently wipe away the tears accumulating there, “None of that okay.”
“I do believe there isn’t much else we can discuss as of now,” Mycroft answers, “That’s all the intel that we’ve gotten so far. We’ll be sure to update the two of you if anything important crops up.”
“I’m fine,” Sherlock replies, a soft smile now playing on his face, “go ahead.”
John's steel dog tags clink and chime as their faces move in tandem, their lips undulating languidly as Sherlock moans softly into John's mouth.
“So Sherlock…” he says when he’s seated himself all the way down to the hilt, his balls brushing up against Sherlock’s buttocks, “Anything you’d like to say?”
“You! I’m talking about you!” Mike exclaims, pointing an accusatory finger in John’s direction, “John Watson, star rugby player who got so exceptionally good that they allowed you to transfer to this school… MID-TERM.”
Sherlock fights the urge to roll his eyes.
So in the meantime, he’ll have to numb the pain somehow, provide an outlet for these taxing emotions, find a space to express his grief, his anger… his joy.
That probably isn’t going to help his best friend reconcile with his wife.
They're steady and sure and appear to put less weight on the steps than normal, as indicative from the creaks emitting from the stairway.
He doesn’t look like he’s joking.
“Oh,” John gasps, “oh…”
But Sherlock can’t answer, he can’t.
It feels like being hit by a bus, his nostrils immediately assaulted by a foul stench which seems to be emanating from the back of one of the higher shelves.
“Mind if we cut through the park this time?” John’s smooth voice rings loud and clear in the cool air as he tilts his head towards Sherlock’s.
“Never mind,” John finishes, eyes falling away from Sherlock’s, now staring resolutely at the ground.
Sherlock stares back at him, absolutely stunned.
Deep breaths…
iMessage
There are fingers in his hair, gently stroking and caressing his curls as Sherlock begins to calm down, his breathing slowing as the arm on his shoulder squeezes his biceps lightly.
John has a baby daughter on the way.
“...Why do you need to be alone?” John finishes, blurting out the words as if he’d mulled over the question many times before but had just never been brave enough to ask.
“You’re beautiful…” he mumbles when they break away for air, Sherlock struggling to kiss back as pleasure starts to overtake him. “Gorgeous, so amazing… mine.”
“No not really… considering that that was the first time I’ve ever been kissed, not counting the kiss I gave you before.”
P.S. Team Mystic is the best
The flat in itself isn’t very large, it’s a three room flat but the owner has obviously done it up to make it seem more spacious than it really is. There are mirrors here and there, wooden cupboards built into the walls and the windows aren’t glazed (or dirty like theirs, Sherlock notes), allowing lots of sunlight in. It’s a beautiful, well-furnished apartment that is now the scene of a supposed double suicide.
“What, like Moriarty?” he says, shifting closer to him.
Sherlock’s knees start to buckle, his calves turning to jelly, but John somehow manages to hold him up, an arm coming to wrap surely around his back to keep him standing.
John turns around, smiling sheepishly at Sherlock as he carries their plates and cups over, setting them down on the table gently.
Oddly enough… he can’t seem to get a read on him. The only thing he’s noticed is that John’s eyes are set, his irises a solid cerulean. His chin is tilted resolutely upwards as well, exuding a certain stubbornness that means that no matter what Sherlock says next, he will be going to Harry’s anyway.
Sherlock sighs, letting his hands fall his face, his fingers unfurling as they come to rest by his sides.
Whimpering in response, Sherlock gives up on grinding upwards into thin air in favour of grinding down onto the bed, moaning as he rubs his erection down against the mattress.
She’s even managed to fuel a lot of bad blood between Sherlock and her within the span of a few months.
“Pretty damned smart, then,” Watson chimes in, looking rather pleased with himself.
"It suddenly feels like there’s water in his ears, like he’s submerged underwater and hearing John’s speech in garbled, distorted form. Because John couldn’t possibly have meant that, could he?"
Sherlock nods fervently as he presses his lips back to John’s, John chuckling a little as Sherlock makes absolutely no effort whatsoever to move.
It stuns John completely that he could have found someone so perfect for him, someone so accepting and the fact that he could get into a relationship with them at all… It’s amazing really. He’s legitimately certain, unlike his previous flings, that this is going to turn into more than just a short, year-long relationship of texts and emails and dates. He can feel it in his bones, that this relationship might just be asking for forever and while John is ready for it… he’s not sure if Sherlock is-
One of his arms hangs off the sofa, dangling centimetres from the ground, limp and lifeless as Sherlock stares into blank space, his eyes unconsciously fixed on John’s chair.
Sherlock closes his eyes, deepening his breaths, pretending to be asleep so that John won’t feel obliged to talk to him.
So what exactly did John want?
It’s not so much dangerous as realising that something is wrong and using Lily as leverage and possibly hurting her in the process.
“Don’t look at the label!”
Had he really been playing for that long?
1. I got into the uni course I wanted!!! Yay!!!
What the hell happened there…
That lying wife.
And John is still here, Sherlock thinks, he's still here. He thought that John would have snuck out at some point in the morning. After all, sleeping with your male flatmate, even non-sexually, probably crossed the line into “gay behaviour” territory.
“You don’t have to,” Sherlock answers, “All you have to do is trust me.”
“What?” he breathes as his eyes widen, turning his head and watching as the scene before him begins to change.
“You can’t possibly promise tha-”
He aims for Sherlock’s prostrate one last time, pushing in roughly and seating himself as deeply as possible, Sherlock now bent nearly in half. Sherlock screams into the pillow, his voice muffled as he gives one final tremble before going still, pulsing all over John’s hand. Some of the come leaks onto his chest as he shudders, riding out his orgasm.
He lets the question hang open-ended in the air, feeling John’s answering smirk against his skin as the man bends down to kiss him.
“Mo… morning,” Sherlock replies, his response punctuated by a particularly loud yawn as he struggles to gather his wits.
Here's the latest chapter!!! We're finally nearing the end YAY. I think like 5 more chapters and we'll be done? OMG. I hope you guys enjoy this update... Even though it's shorter than normal due to time constraint.
He stuffs the gleaming metal object back in its casing, slamming the lid shut as he dumps the box back into the drawer.
“But why?” he whispers, the sound as ephemeral as a wisp of smoke. “Why?”
That hadn’t been the only improvement to John’s life though. Before, Sherlock had been closed off, a solitary brooding figure who appeared to disdain any human contact. Now, however, John has access to the man at all hours of the day - not just physically but emotionally. Sherlock is so much more open now, sharing things with John that he’d never allowed himself to before, hugging John when he least expects it, even granting him good night kisses when John decides to go to bed early.
“Is it okay if I have a look at your stitches? Just to make sure none of them have come out?” John questions as Sherlock holds his breath, still anticipating John to drop a bomb of some kind.
“Just ignore the label. Look at it, what do you see?”
So John’s still there, he’s still there, which means that Sherlock hasn’t gone mad and conjured up some hyper-realistic mind palace version of him. But if all of that really happened, then why isn’t John leaving? Wouldn’t he have felt embarrassed by Mrs Hudson’s intrusion on their privacy and her insinuation that they were a couple? He is still married to Mary, so shouldn’t he be angry at Mrs Hudson for suggesting that he was unfaithful and committing infidelity?
Sherlock come on, we haven’t spoken in three days.
“Actually, I can’t think of a single thing to say,” he says, the words dripping with honesty.
Sherlock picks up the clear glass photo frame, wiping away the thin layer of dust as he peers at the photograph.
he thinks, suddenly remembering himself.
Hit me up on
He's allowed a short moment of satisfaction before Mycroft licks his lips in preparation for a rebuttal.
Sherlock hums, nodding his head as Lestrade scratches his head, clearly at his wit's end.
his subconscious tells him,
I’m saving that for later. Mycroft agreed. I need as much time to watch her as I possibly can.
“Sherlock’s told me a lot about you,” Victor chuckles, fixing Sherlock with a knowing grin as Sherlock’s cheeks go a deep shade of red.
“So, how’ve you been?” John queries, hardly a smooth conversation starter but Sherlock decides to indulge him.
He’s been tossing and turning for the past few hours, struggling to find some respite in light of Mary’s unexpected and unwanted return into both of their lives.
John had forgiven him though, well sort of. He'd listened to his explanations, seemingly understanding where Sherlock was coming from and his reasoning behind everything that he’d done.
Were they memories?
It clearly had not been what he’d been expecting.
John had made the decision for him in the end, surprising him with a slight nudge to his forehead before letting out a long exhale. He’d tightened his grip on his shoulder, his fingers digging in deeper into pale flesh as Sherlock sighed softly, allowing his head to drop slightly in relief.
“You said the bleach bottle had no fingerprints on it,” he starts, pointing at Lestrade, “which is suspicious because obviously the two women would have needed to have handled the bottle for them to have killed themselves right?” He extends his hands towards Lestrade whose eyes widen slightly and continues. “The other curious feature of this case is the fact that there is a lack of discolouration on the red bedsheets,” he says, pointing to the offending item, “As anyone who handles bleach knows, unless one is extremely careful, the liquid ends up anywhere. If the women had taken the bleach from the bottle, as the lack of cups seems to suggest, there is bound to have been a spillage of some sort, none of which is evident here. The bedsheet is still in pristine shape. Hence, the bleach bottle was placed here after the women died.”
"Does Mycroft know about this yet?" His mother asked both of them.
"You two aren't get a divorce, are you?" Sherlock's mother asked.
"What do you want to do? Either way is fine with me, They both will eventually know about the baby." John asked and replied. Sherlock agreed. Even if he wanted to tell both of his parents at the same time, he just could not hold the news any longer.
"So, you and John are having a baby, huh?" His father asked. Sherlock nodded.
"You were always so invested in your detective work. I mean, you still are in a way, but, I remember once that you said to us that love was something that did not interest you in the slightest." His father explained. Sherlock does remember when he was younger that he said that. But that was before he meant someone like John.
"Surprising, yes but not strange. I am glad that you and John are together as well. I remember when you told us that you were in love with him, too. You were so nervous and worried. Worried that we would not except you but you know that we love and support you, no matter what. And I can not wait to meet my grandchild when the time comes." Sherlock's father said back with a smile on his face. Sherlock smiled.
She smiled kindly at him, “Don’t be fussy, Sherlock, please? For me? I really need you to come back with me.”
John wink saucily at Sherlock and it made him feel sick inside. John was obviously a very knowledgeable physician because he made Sherlock stand right in front of him, tugging his slave’s pyjama bottoms down. In no time at all, Sherlock was hard. He’d never had someone’s mouth on him before, but John just sucked him like he was dessert. The doctor had no trouble taking Sherlock down to the root, in fact, gagging himself on Sherlock’s cock seemed to arouse him, “I love doing this, but I think it’s my turn for a little ride around the sheets.”
"Then...what is it that you that you want to tell me?" Sherlock's mother asked another question, now feeling more curious than anything. Sherlock took a deep breath before he spoke to his mother.
It has been a week since Sherlock and John have found out they that are having a baby. So far, everything has been going well for the two of them and both of them could not be any happier. On the weekend of the same week, the husbands were visiting Sherlock's parents at their home. Thank goodness, Mycroft was not going to be there. Sherlock did not want Mycroft to find out about the baby while they were going to announce to their parents. At least not for now. At the moment, Sherlock, John and Sherlock's mother were in the living room. Sherlock and John were sitting on the couch next to one another while Sherlock's mother was sitting in a comfortable armchair, looking at her son and son-in-law.
They were also having some tea. Except for John, who was just having a glass of water.
"Do not worry about it, like I said. Plus, you got a baby on the way and that should be your focus for right now." His father said back. Sherlock agreed. Sherlock's focus should be on the baby and taking care of his husband. His
"John and I...John and I are having a...we are having a baby." Sherlock finally said to his mother. His mother stayed calm but deep down, she was so excited to hear this news.
"In what way has he changed me?" Sherlock asked, feeling curious about what his father meant by what he just said.
"Do not worry about him. You are doing fine. Also, are you really going to telling him that he is going to be an uncle?" Sherlock's father said back and asked. Sherlock nodded.
"We will tell when she comes back. No need to wait." Sherlock said. John nodded. They looked at Sherlock's mother as she returned to the living with what she needed to grab then sat back down in the armchair.
Danny fished out his keys and handed them right to John, curling the soldier’s fingers over them, with his hands, “Nah, don’t bother, gorgeous, I’ll just stay by your side day and night, you like that, don’t you, you greedy thing?” Danny kissed Sherlock gently right in front of John, his eyes filled with repressed laughter as he tormented the soldier.
John couldn’t seem to speak. He simply stood there, hand frozen on the door handle as he struggled to control his reactions. John looked completely confounded, his eyes wild and his face red with what looked like anger. He sounded confused when he repeated, “Emergency?” Now John was staring at Danny as if he wanted to physically rend the newest occupant of 221 B Baker Street to shreds.
chapter
Sherlock didn’t want to think of what had happened. He was still weary, and he felt fragile, “Not now, John. Everything will come back, we’ll put it all back, and we can go from there.” He felt the need to repopulate the flat with his possessions, but it wasn’t immediate.
“Try the tart. I rehydrated dried apples and baked them in filo brushed with honey. The topping is…” Whatever Sherlock had made the topping out was lost to John because he was crunching his way through the small decadent pocket of fruity goodness. “So?”
Sherlock pulled out long enough to get John on his back. Pushing in, Sherlock kept John’s legs spread so he could watch himself enter but after a few minutes of delightful friction, he felt the urge to go faster and deeper. John was more flexible than Sherlock would have given him credit for, hooking his legs over Sherlock’s shoulders until he was bent nearly in half and still being fucked hard by his almost-out-of-control detective.
to be in a proper relationship with John and had no factual excuse not to. It was all in his head. He had been sexually abused in his dreams, not reality, and the fears he still felt were based on delusions. “Processing what I recall from that and reconciling it to what happened in real time is ongoing. Apologies, John. I know this makes things difficult for you. I don’t…I don’t want you to feel like you’ve ever done anything to make me react negatively toward you.”
to have this, Sherlock. You’ve been so brave, so devoted, and you’ve suffered so much. John hasn’t appreciated a bit of it, and it’s...it’s…it is hateful! He
it. If not for Sherlock Holmes, John Watson’s life would be a much happier thing.
A rap at his door made him jump with the unexpectedness of the otherwise common-place sound. His rent was paid on time, and the landlord was the only one who ever came knocking, mostly to advise John that some service or other was being temporarily suspended, or if the building was going to be visited by health or building inspectors. John wasn’t certain what might be next on the maintenance schedule that would discommode him in any fashion, but confused or not, he opened his door.
his genitalia, especially John. “Don’t look so sad, you’re still
how he got hurt. He wasn’t fighting at all!
The next few days were a whirlwind of preparation. Mummy came up with most of the ideas but Sieger was the one who organized nearly everything. He seemed to be chums with half of Britain, so between himself and his eldest son, they put together the wedding that Sherlock asked for. John participated mostly by saying yes whenever asked a question and was escorted to a private tailor to have a suit fitted to him for the occasion.
. You’ve already used up your share of time doing that, and then some.”
Sherlock didn’t hesitate, “You know where he is. You’ve known all along.”
John snorted himself awake, “Wha…Sherlock?” John blinked himself away, a small crooking smile adorning his tired looking face, “Did you just call me
“Yet look at the clues I am giving you.” Sherlock kissed the corners of John’s mouth gently before kissing the tip of John’s nose, “What might you deduce from my actions?”
“Where do you think, John?” Sherlock tried to indicate John’s old room, but John just stared down the hallway toward Sherlock’s room and looked pale, “Rosie is probably already asleep, she’s with Mrs Hudson. Look, John, I can’t take her for the next few weeks. Danny and I are working on something together, and I’ll be unavailable. Give Molly a ring, I’m sure she can spare an evening here and there.”
The surgery lasted for a long time, and Sherlock’s heart stopped twice more. Each time, John felt the chasm in his soul open, and when Sherlock’s heart beat again, it closed up and merged with the heat inside John’s chest. Finally, the burn grew and spread, filling John’s body with comforting heat and he
he had to go there. Do you? Have you ever even
“He moved back to Baker Street?” Sarah’s head cocked to the side, “Who left who, John? I don’t think I properly understand what is going on. I’d heard you’d moved to the suburbs and when he came back I just assumed Sherlock was with you? I mean, I’d heard about the thing at Bart’s but I just assumed it was a stunt for a case. You two were always doing outrageous things.”
“I can call you mine,” Sherlock’s eyes were filled with emotion. He was never cold and austere, not with John, not ever, though he could still be so with others. He never called John names, or left him behind, or lied to his alpha. There was no need. They understood one another perfectly. Many people commented on the strength of their bond, they had never seen a pair as tightly bound together as the two of them.
Sherlock looked at John’s face and focused on his eyes. There was a hopeful sincerity there and he’d acquiesced. Sherlock contacted their new client and informed them that he was taking their case, but only under the understanding and acceptance that he was only available when John was. The clients were so grateful that no argument was presented. For the first time ever, Sherlock conditionally worked on a case outside of John’s employed hours. Thankfully John was only on part-time, so there were several days in a row that they could work on other things during.
She mocked him, “You’re as useless as John, all pheromones and acting like animals.” Her blows were becoming wilder, less planned, and therefore more dangerous. John kept her away from Sherlock. If she was going to go off, he wanted to take the blow, and would not allow his darling, though very capable, omega to come to harm.
John squirmed uncomfortably, embarrassed that he didn’t know something so basic.
“Technically.” John yawned, “I’ll let you off with a warning. Wake me next time. I mean, if we’re going to add fucking to our regular activities, I’d like to participate throughout, not that I minded waking up and finding my cock inside the hottest person I’ve ever known.”
Molly nodded, “Do you want the pram?” Rosie was beginning to wake up, and Sherlock smiled at the small girl. She was lovely and precious, he cared for her intensely, and mostly, Sherlock didn’t mind the time he spent with her. She was clever and amusing and so sharp, she picked up things with a speed that he appreciated and encouraged.
“You’re being a drama queen, and you’re over-reacting like you always do,” John said dismissively, “You need a snack and a nap.”
“WHAT?” Harry clapped her hands over her mouth, worried for a moment that she’d woken Rosie. Leaning forward, she hissed, “Your wife
John noticed that his flatmate had a mess of dishes set out on the counter. “Hot apple cider with a cinnamon wand. I’m trying to determine if…”
The omega looked faint and dazed, and anything but consenting as a trickle of blood from a ragged cut on his forehead spilled over his nose. His arms were twisted up behind his back so that he couldn’t use them at all, wrists secured by his own scarf which was still wrapped around Sherlock’s neck.
“Sherlock.” She seemed choked up, her eyes bright with unshed tears, yet a look of determination spread across her face, “It’s good. I’m glad for this. I told you John wasn’t treating you right. Maybe Danny is what you need right now. I’m happy that you’re trying. John is an idiot.”
Sherlock couldn’t stop picking at it and came no closer to being able to make sense of the ongoing sensation of having his heart figuratively break. There had been a trust between them, one of the foundations of their relationship, one where John
Once they were there, all inhibitions seemed to melt away. John tasted delicious, and Sherlock wanted to sample every inch of him. It took no time at all to rid themselves of robes and pyjamas, to tumble onto Sherlock’s still rumpled bed, and indulging in a mutual exploration. Their wandering hands and mouths stoked the fire ever higher between them until John wrestled Sherlock into kneeling in front of him, arse high in the air so that John could orally debauch him a second time.
Sherlock had convinced John to move back to 221 B Baker Street and for a few brief weeks, things between them blossomed and grew. When they became lovers, John sold the house he’d live in with Mary and Rosie. For the first time in his life, he was financially stable but he began to drink his savings away. He began to gamble, squandering his paycheques. He stopped paying his bills and didn’t thank Sherlock who paid them for him.
John grew still, not the stillness that came with passive waiting, but the stillness of an apex predator before meeting a challenge. John was sick and tired of all of it. He was surrounded by deceit and treachery. Of course, criminals like Moriarty and his ilk would have plans within plans. They’d been after Mycroft, after all, and even without Sherlock present, John was an access point into the Holmes family. John should have known that someone would eventually want to exploit that connexion. Mary had appeared in his life just when he was at his absolute lowest when he was least able to discern his imminent danger. She was an emotional cuckoo, taking someone else’s place in the nest, selfishly enjoying what wasn’t hers.
Shaking his head, John stood straight.
John needs Sherlock to survive, he cannot imagine a world without his mate.
They were scolded into her kitchen, sat down with one cup of tea each and a sharp lecture about ignoring old ladies who loved them, “Are you coming home?”
Sherlock took John’s hand in his, “I am, Mrs Hudson, and if John ever feels ready, I would like him to come home as well.”
a civil partnership. I want to get
, we shouldn’t! Wake up, John,
afraid, and though it had been inside a dream, he knew that same fear lived within him still. It would devastate John to learn of it, but Sherlock steeled himself to tell his friend the truth. Nothing but anguish would come from trying to hide or deny such a thing, their past together was already a patchwork of pain simply because they kept hiding things from one another. It was time for a new beginning.
“Are you hungry?” The shaking stopped but Sherlock’s hands remained on his shoulders, “I’ll cook if you’re hungry.”
, John Watson.”
It was nearly Christmas. Every shift, he enjoyed a complement of home-baked treats from various co-workers, contributing his own sadly deformed but well-intentioned chocolate cookies to the offerings. He began to walk back to Baker Street in order to keep his weight down a tad. On his way home one night, he came across a front window display where the mannequin was wearing a loose-fitting and broad-hooded coat that was thick with brown and black faux-fur lining. John couldn’t resist, purchasing it with the last of his spare holiday money, and even paying to have it wrapped as a gift. In his greatest dare ever, John managed to squeeze the last box into the bottom of Sherlock’s wardrobe, now stuffed blatantly full of new things, all while Sherlock was in the shower. John was out of his room and into the kitchen just as the water was turned off. When the detective emerged a short-while later wearing a clean suit and demanding tea, he didn’t say a word about what was in his wardrobe.
Sherlock sat there in agony for hours, cramping and bleeding from the weals on his buttocks and back. The bruises were deep, and it felt as if the flesh on his back and legs was melting away, barely hanging on by their connective tissues. He needed to be still to keep from hurting himself, so, trembling with shock and pain, Sherlock stayed awake to make sure he didn’t tumble to the floor, to list to the side, or do anything at all that would cause his body more damage. It took a long time before the pain dulled into a steady uncomfortable throb, and Sherlock could breathe with relative ease. He fell into a light but unhappy doze for only a short amount of time. John woke up well after dawn and stood in front of Sherlock who was compelled to fellate his master as soon as his wrists were untied. John was wordless and rough, choking Sherlock with his cock purposefully until Sherlock nearly vomited again. When he was done, John showered and dressed. Snapping a collar around Sherlock’s throat, John dragged him naked from the house and into a cab.
John almost stepped back in shock. “What do you mean?”
Sherlock still had his face hidden but he sniffled loudly and nodded. Mycroft pet his curls and hugged him gently before saying, “Good boy, now I’m going to sit you onto your nice little bed where your very own Doctor John can have a look at all the places you hurt. Will that be acceptable, Billy?”
John was going to get his priorities in order
Sherlock had truly been a beta, he’d
“My brother?”
together. You saw the picture! He has
Now it was Sherlock’s turn to look hard, “I am excellent at what I do, even if I haven’t been very appreciated for my skills of late. I don’t have a partner currently, so my schedule is wide open.”
Rosie was laughing maniacally and running away from the group as fast as her tiny legs could carry her. Sherlock jumped right up and darted after her. She was a Watson though, and short legs or not, she got a fair distance before he managed to retrieve her. “You are a dangerous creature, Watson.” Sherlock pretended to be angry, but she wasn’t fooled at all. Exuberantly, Rosie threw her arms about his neck and kissed his cheek, grinning madly the entire time. With a laugh of his own, Sherlock turned to go back for the pram but discovered that he had no need to.
John found that he was scowling on Sherlock’s behalf.
Sherlock’s voice was soft, and almost trembling as he answered. “I’m not going to argue this with you, John. You are correct. I have no sway over your free time. You are entirely free to fill it with concerns that have nothing to do with me. I’m...I’m nothing to you, I see that.” Silence was his answer, and Sherlock couldn’t bear to look at John. “You
“Mr Holmes,” John understood that he no longer had the right to refer to Sherlock with familiarity, “I would very much like to speak with you if you have time to spare.”
“Doctor Watson, if I might have a word with you?” Sherlock looked dark and forbidding, not exactly glaring at
“Such good boys, so spirited,” Mummy pinched both their cheeks and then ushered them into the house, “I decided on Christmas Breakfast instead of dinner. I absolutely despise your father’s side of the family, and if they want to be parasites here, then they will do it on my schedule!”
John didn’t seem to mind, paying the cabbie when they arrived at the clinic and motioning for the assistance of his nurse, a smiling middle-aged woman whose name tag bore the label
omega tried to get bred at such an age? Maybe being childless is for the best, didn’t you say he was a sociopath? What about the addiction? He’s been gone for a long time. How can we know he hasn’t gone right back to doing them? You know how weak-willed omegas are, they give in so easy.”
. Sherlock began rocking steadily, and soon, he was snapping his hips as quickly as he could, his thumbs pressing his cock tight between his lover’s cheeks while John moaned softly. “That’s it, all over me, I want to feel you owning me.”
, Sherlock had given everything, and the literal scars of those gifts would remain on his body for the rest of his days.
, if he happened to be featured in an article in the paper that John had already purchased, there was no point in not reading it just because they were no longer friends.
“I’d like to kiss you first if that’s all right?” John found himself being pushed back so that he landed with a thump, bum first, right on the edge of Sherlock’s bed. He grinned crookedly as Sherlock crawled the pace or so forward that he needed in order to reach John’s flies. “Kiss me, Sherlock.”
Sherlock forced himself past her and down the stairs. His eyes were burning, and he needed to get away before he cried right in front of his rival and John.
“I see.”
“I agree. Ideas?” John was certain they needed to break out, somehow, and soon. His skin was crawling with anxiety. He knew something tremendous was going to happen if they didn’t get out soon.
John managed to get them to Sherlock’s bedroom where all his hastily gathered supplies were waiting for him. Sherlock was moaning softly and trying to fall to his knees but John wouldn’t let him until he was safely on the bed. Sherlock quickly assumed the pose best suited for bonding and breeding, braced on his hands and knees, his arse thrust back so that John could see how flushed and swollen his entrance was, and how heavily the slick poured from his body.
. Sherlock wanted to be shamelessly on his hands and knees, arse in the air as John Watson took him from behind.
“Lecture. You?” Sherlock could have walked away and dismissed John, but he hadn’t. Hope flared.
Swallowing hard, John let him, allowing their fingers to tangle together. Risking everything, John glanced up for a second before staring down at the pavement in front of him. Sherlock looked serene and content. John felt like vomiting.
“Sure you are, Sherlock, that’s why you nearly got sick over lunch.” John sounded worried and upset. “I knew I’d do something to trigger you, I’m such an arse.”
Sherlock ushered John right down to Mrs Hudson’s flat, leaving Danny alone upstairs. John stopped him with a hand to Sherlock’s chest. “Who is Danny, Sherlock? Why have I never heard of him? What about Rosie? What about…”
years ago and John wasn’t going to allow some uninvited interloper the chance to defile his omega. Suddenly, he found himself wishing for fangs because he was going to tear this fucker’s throat out.
Her tone was mocking, “You cried so much, it really put me off. I had to take
, but he did get John to send Donovan tips and hints on occasion, nudging her along as unobtrusively as he could since she was the only one who had come forward and, in any way, tried to help or explain herself. Private cases began to present themselves. After additional weeks of hesitance, Sherlock decided that the
Now David was glaring at her, “Mind yourself, Morstan.”
“I know you don’t care much for turkey.”
John shocked Sherlock by pouring lube onto Sherlock’s cock and not his own. His master straddled Sherlock’s lap and made Sherlock hold his own cock still before settling himself on it, “Yeah, yeah, this is what I need right now, just a long slow ride. Good boy, you’re such a good boy.”
“Of course, love.” John nervously followed Sherlock to his bedroom and didn’t seem to know what to do with himself. “Should I..?” John jerked a thumb toward the living room, indicating his willingness to sleep on the sofa.
Instead, Sherlock printed off the evidence Lestrade needed and handed it to the Detective Inspector.
John was panting along with him and soon enough, Sherlock felt John’s fingers pull away so that John could begin pushing the fat head of his cock inside. “John.” Sherlock floundered for words, “It feels amazing. Huge. Frightening. Glorious.”
Sherlock felt like his body had left the mortal realm, he was so filled with contentment and pure joy. John loved him. John was going to stay with him forever. John had agreed to marry him.”
“Didn’t. Mycroft handed it over. His people had been called in because one of the partials is a government employee that they’ve had their sights on. Here’s the file.” Greg fished out a file from the bag on the back seat. He didn’t look, driving with one hand on the steering wheel and his eyes glued to the road. “Said it was right up your street.”
are why he lives.” Mycroft sounded exhausted but certain.
was now. Something had awakened all the worst parts of his inner self, brought them out and up, had let them take over all the better parts of himself that he’d tried to nurture for his entire life. John had to acknowledge that he had almost cheated on his wife with Sherlock’s sister, he had certainly beaten his best friend so hard that it had taken weeks for the bruises to heal and Sherlock had nearly lost one eye. He would need glasses earlier than he might have because of it. Even when Sherlock first came home, the doctor had been physically abusive. John hated himself and couldn’t stop recalling every single moment when he’d harmed people he claimed to love, shattering his own vows without breaking a sweat.
Sherlock forgot what they’d been arguing about. He was so completely shocked that he stopped speaking. That’s when the laughter had begun, the taunting delight that started small but soon caught on like wildfire
Enraged at last because her now-obvious bluff had been called, Mary pulled out a small hand-gun and aimed right at Sherlock’s chest. Ignoring her boyfriend’s disapproving hiss, she snarled, “You ruined my fun, so goodbye, you slut. You should have stayed dead.”
“He eats your left-overs and sleeps in a chair.” Mycroft looked stern, “Sherlock, you must do better by him. He is your
Danny was meticulous, patient, and fussy. He helped construct the new evidence wall as things came together. His good humour had faded, and he became enigmatic and was often lost in thought, sometimes even becoming teary and maudlin. Sherlock wasn’t any different. John’s abduction was no simple grab involving a handful of people. Someone had engineered the movements of several social layers in order to successfully pull off, and Sherlock now knew that he was dealing with a sprawling organisation that seemed entirely entrenched throughout the city. It was coming across as accountable to no one as well as unstoppable. The connexions connected the strata of the city around them, and at first glance, seemed insurmountable. Sherlock and Danny realized that they had uncovered a disturbing and wide-spread trend of abductions. Normally, people were grabbed for monetary reasons – prostitution, or as unwilling organ donors, but Sherlock and Danny were noting that people of every age and physical condition were being grabbed, some right off the street, and no single outcome could account for why.
John felt ridiculously proud of that fact and went to bed feeling deeply content. He slept deeply that night and woke greatly refreshed in the morning. He went to the kitchen to make tea and found that Sherlock had put together a hearty bagged lunch for him to take with him, and had even found their missing flask. John filled it with tea and took his toast to eat on his way to work. Many hours later, John made his weary way home once more, cold and tired from his long day. Sherlock greeted him at the top of the stairs, and he was holding a steaming mug once more. “Perfect. I factored in extra walking time from the station to Baker Street, accounting for the light snowfall as well as the possible density of riders within each train car. I wanted your mug to be just the right temperature, hot enough to warm you but not so much as to scald you. Your lips are probably cool from the brisk air outside, and you will be more sensitive to heat against them. I don’t want to ruin your ability to taste dinner, it’s nearly ready.”
“I know, my love, but now we can wear the rings.” John admired his in return. They matched, both men wearing heavy silver rings on their right hands. “And I can call you my husband.”
John knew he was being unfair, oh gods how he knew. He knew he was treating his best friend like shit, but John was caught in a loop and he couldn’t seem to break free of the emotional rut he was in. When he saw Sherlock, John was always conflicted. On one side, it appeared that Sherlock’s actions had ultimately led to Mary’s death and John was so angry with him for that. On the other, Sherlock had sacrificed himself in so many ways to save John and John was so happy that his friend was back, his prayers answered. He felt urges toward Sherlock, a possessiveness and a hungriness that he’d never wanted to consider, raging as he lost his grip on his conception of complete heterosexuality. Realizing that he was so repressed made him angry in a new way. He didn’t need to be
John used his entire name! Sherlock felt a flush of happiness explode inside him. John was offering a bond back, a legal one, something that could be recognised by anyone on earth. How amazing was that? “I would indeed, John Hamish Watson. I accept your proposal.”
Sherlock wasn’t given a chance to offer even the weakest of excuses. John made Sherlock kneel on the floor beside their bed, “Scream if you need to, this is really going to hurt.” John had a leather belt in his hand and he used it with precision. Sherlock manfully attempted to keep his yelps inside, but John worked him over from his shoulders all the way down to his thighs, and Sherlock was ignominiously screaming in no time. Each strike was accompanied by a loud crack as the cured leather met bared flesh, preceding the shock of pain that immediately followed. John continued to strike Sherlock until he collapsed, laid out flat onto the floor. “You disappointed me so much, pet.”
John felt a sting on his arm and when he looked, he saw a small dart sticking into it. His neighbour cursed, “I fucking hate when they do this.” He had a dart too, and together, they fell down, robbed of consciousness by their unseen masters. John wondered if he would ever wake again, and as the darkness swept over him, he also wondered if he even wanted to.
, because I am not sure how boundaries are being defined currently due to the aforementioned consent problem. If you were awake and not so feverish as to be hallucinating I would give you my most sincere and eager
birthday the same way he’d spent Christmas and New Year, and how he expected to spend the rest of the year, by himself.
It was for Mrs Hudson’s sake that he only did enough every evening to make the empty hours of night pass painlessly. He didn’t want to ruin things for her by inconveniently dying in her home. It would make her sad, and it would make the flat, already run down and mouldy, nigh un-rentable, not that Mycroft likely would.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, his face filled with scepticism, his voice rough yet cutting, “Why do you care, Watson? Go back to you the one you chose. I don’t need you. I haven’t needed you for two years, not that you care about what I went through.
John swallowed hard and stood, “Thank you.” John hesitated, “I’ll text you when we need to start moving over. It won’t be much, I’m selling the house with whatever is left inside it after I’m gone.”
. Sherlock went over every moment of the last half-year obsessively. He doubted everything, questioned every single one of his perceptions. He’d gone terribly wrong somewhere and he urgently needed to discover what section of his operating system had malfunctioned.
John giggled and then looked upset with himself for laughing. Mycroft’s tone was entirely serious, “Yes. Thanks to that decision you are not being outfitted with a mechanical device to help you…”
“I finished putting away my clothing,” John reported. His omega should have been pleased but instead, John saw that Sherlock looked just as upset as he had looked earlier. John couldn’t respond to his omega independently, he needed Sherlock to tell him what to do. It was the safe choice.
lost control of his transport!
Sherlock stood on the floor, his cock harder than it had ever been. Carefully he drew on a condom and slathered it with an overabundance of lube. He knew he was being ridiculous with it but it was the only way he could allow himself to proceed. “Ready?” Sherlock stroked John’s back and hips tenderly, waiting for a reply.
Shocked, John looked up from his seat. Sherlock was standing beside him, staring coldly at the man on John’s right, “Mr Holmes? How can I help you?”
“Pfft, John! I didn’t guess. You know I’m only interested in life-works, and you know perfectly well that when we retire I will want to keep bees. Crane collated so much data, I’ve wanted my own copy for ages, I have the title on several wishlists hoping for the price to go down.”
Sherlock’s words washed meaninglessly over John’s head.
“John…I can explain…” Sherlock felt the panic grow even larger.
“Danny?” Harry was shocked, “Why did Danny need to convince Sherlock at all?”
John never told Sherlock what his plans were, ridiculously thinking that Sherlock
John spent a lot of time mulling over his life, trying to come to terms with the wide array of issues he’d hidden from himself. Not all of them were about himself personally, though the majority were. Some involved his problems or concerns about other people, his sister for instance. She had been the source of many of his problems as a youngster. Some were about other people and the various ways they affected John. Today, during his regular afternoon stroll, John was thinking about shoes. Not just any shoes, a very particular pair.
Four hours later, Danny was under deep, but Sherlock was back to pouring over the footage. The evidence wall was filled with information about Danny’s case, so Sherlock had taken down all the artwork on the remaining wall and was using it for printouts he’d made regarding John. A piece at a time, Sherlock cross-referenced snapshots and video-clips until he sussed out reoccurring faces. Slowly, he painstakingly backtracked and pieced together a rough trail of actions that led to John disappearing off the Tube. He noticed that there had been someone openly observing their residence for days. The same vehicle had been parked outside John’s clinic and had been caught four separate times outside John’s preferred Tesco.
“Sherlock, you are
“Almost from the first,” admitted John, “You were married to your work and you were so incredible, I knew that I would never want to change who you were just because I wanted you all for myself. I didn’t deserve that, I still don’t.”
Sherlock got to his feet unsteadily before drawing himself to his full height and stepping close enough to loom over John, “You are short, John, and compact, and in a word, small. I love the differences in our sizes. I need to see all of you, please, John. I want to strip you naked and worship every bit of your perfect little body."
you, Sherlock! I’m guilty too, I slapped you so hard when I should have been hugging you and telling you how sorry I was for making you feel like you had no one. Keep Danny. Go on, keep feeling good. You’ve earned it all a thousand times over.” Sherlock took his leave of Molly, walking out with Danny on his arm.
John loved him.
John smiled down at him, his ever-expressive face dancing between delight and a failed attempt at appearing calm, “Yeah?”
. Sherlock was alive and in London. Sherlock Holmes was alive,
“That explains why you were trying to eat me.” Sherlock was scooping handfuls of water over John’s head since the doctor didn’t want to remain under the spray.
Sherlock’s mind palace was stuffed full of data that detailed how very real John was, how stoic he could be, how full of life, laughter, and yet how enduring he was, how steadfast, how unyielding, yet ofttimes selfless. He was a contradiction and an enigma in so many ways, John was never boring and always a surprise, and that’s why Sherlock could love him right back without worrying that they might not have a very satisfying future together.
as flirtatious, “John, John! John! John what are you doing! John, wake up!”
After dinner was cleared away, Harry went home while John continued his task, sweating as he persisted in giving every square inch of the place a surgical scrub-down. Everything that remained to be donated was boxed up and stacked in what had been the spare bedroom. John’s personal possessions had dwindled down to a steamer trunk, two suitcases, a giant tote filled with kitchen things, and the large stack of collapsible plastic containers that were tightly packed with Rosie’s unusually large collection of clothing, toys, and accessories. Most of her possessions had been gifts, and John had no idea what he was supposed to do with it all now, but they’d be safe enough in the basement suite on Baker Street until he had a better personal situation sorted out.  Rosie had already outgrown most of the outfits, and hardly played with the toys. She just enjoyed being around them, so John had packed every item.
“Go on, John, touch me.” John reached out and cupped Sherlock through the stockings and they both gasped. “Take everything off of me, John.”
“Fine, you can get shot in the head when the boss finds out you’re breaking the contract.”
“Well, I think you’re disturbed but fortunately, I like that too.”
The woman smiled genially at him and began to speak, “Dearly beloved...”
Sherlock did as he was told, making sure his buttocks jiggled as much as possible as he thrust his body down onto John’s. He attempted to do an inner clench and it made John groan appreciatively. Sherlock was sweating from the effort, and his thighs were burning. John had a lot of stamina, and it was taking a long time to get him off. Sherlock wasn’t even slightly aroused, his flaccid penis simply flopping around wherever it needed to as he worked.
your engagement, then
been left behind, forgotten, or unworthy had supplanted every single negative feeling he had been having, leaving behind some anxiety, a large amount of concern, and a plethora of emotions he couldn’t face. All John knew now was that Sherlock needed him, needed to be kept safe, and that’s why John Watson existed.
Sherlock was dry-mouthed and nervous and would never ever admit that Lestrade had to push-start him to get him walking. Holding himself stiffly upright, he proceeded forward carefully. It wouldn’t do to make a careless mistake. The music swelled and crested just as he reached John who had stopped speaking the moment Sherlock had come into view. It was very gratifying to witness the dumbstruck expression on his face. “Begin,” ordered Sherlock.
in anger, but all I can do now is maybe change the way you feel about it when people say it again. I’ve always been proud to be your friend…to have been your friend, and I recognize that I may never get that privilege again and that it’s my own fault. I just think…well, you should own the label that people keep putting on you. You
“Nothing, just…there’s this song where the phrase
Sherlock nodded his agreement.
John was there
John’s vision went red as rut overtook his senses. He hadn’t expected that, alpha and omega seldom went into heat/rut at the same time, usually it was one or the other. Now it felt like he was seeing everything through a layer of violent colour, Sherlock’s lean pale body yielding to his as he mounted his mate. Nature took over as John pushed inside, joyfully taking in Sherlock’s anxious moans and keens. Before long, John’s hips began to piston as he pushed deeper and faster. He wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s torso, keeping him stationary as he followed his instincts.
“This is really useful.” Sherlock’s voice was soft and a little troubled. “I didn’t get you anything nearly as good."
John was right. Sherlock looked over all the objects with near reverence, “
John felt idiotic and wished he’d taken a picture instead of attempting to describe the shoes from memory but apparently his fashion savvy helper had all the clues she needed. “Ah yes,
“I am fine.” John blinked one more time, then sipped his tea quietly. He preferred to have it while it was as hot as possible, so he worked away at emptying it while everyone, but Sherlock stared at him.
There was a lot of silence. Sherlock felt melancholy now and he sighed. John was sitting on the edge of the bed looking as morose as Sherlock felt. “Maybe we should just sleep on it. If we
John was overwhelmed, especially since Sherlock chased his words with actions. John found his own neck being kissed, even as his clothes were peeled off of him, “You’re not wasting any time.”
He was eating his second slice before he knew it, and was engaged in an effortless conversation with John. It wasn’t until John stole half of Sherlock’s remaining portion that he realised that the two of them very often flirted with one another yet never did anything about it. He wondered if they ever would, but it didn’t seem likely. John was as straight as he ever had been, there was no point even speculating about what might be, no matter how much denial tore him apart inside. This, whatever this was, was better than not having John at all. Sherlock was determined to be content with his lot.
“What is it?”
Sometimes other alphas would begin to challenge John, especially when Sherlock’s next heat approached. The omega’s happiness contributed greatly toward increasing the almost irresistible appeal of his scent, and though he was obviously bonded, he still attracted attention from others. John would simply smile the angry little smile that he had, and Sherlock would be nearly swooning with desire as the challengers melted away, his bond uncontested. John would kill to keep Sherlock, his smile told them so, and beautiful or not, no one else wanted to die for Sherlock the way John was willing to.
“Ah, yes, I understand.” The gently smiling assistant corrected him, “
“Mary is pregnant and says that it’s mine.” John looked down in shame, “I have my doubts though, what if it’s her boyfriend’s? Still, I can’t just let her have my baby alone if it isn’t.”
John smiled and cuddled close, holding Sherlock tightly with one arm. It felt heavenly and Sherlock melted into the embrace, boneless and unresisting. “You’re exhausted, love. It’s been a crap few weeks for both of us.”
John had never heard her use coarse terminology. It was nearly as disconcerting as learning that she had double-crossed him in the first place, “Come out, John. The game is nearly over.”
“You’re
Sherlock was bitter.
give me all your secrets. I am done playing games, Mycroft. John is in danger, and you are keeping me from him. I want him back as soon as possible.”
Sherlock tried to push past her, but she caught his arm, “It’s
deerstalker? I binned the last one.”
“Me too, won’t be anyone like you where I’m going, not someone with as beautiful an arse and lips that are sweet like honey.” All the tender words and delightful kisses couldn’t keep his soldier there and soon enough, Sherlock was standing on the empty street alone. With a sigh, he turned and went back to his flat and his boring life.
John felt odd. He was alone in the at 221 B Baker Street, not even his daughter to distract him, and he felt awkward. At first, John tried to watch some telly, but he felt uneasy, as if he were in a stranger’s home instead of his own. He thought of his sister’s plan and sighed. There was no time like the present, so John got up, and did an inspection. As he’d suspected, the cupboards were rich in tea and biscuits but little else. Rosie couldn’t live on the same few things Sherlock did, a shopping trip was necessary. He peeked outside and saw the same car from earlier though the driver was different. He was watching Baker Street, so the good doctor sighed, turned away from the window and went back to his task.
The man dancing in a group with his soldier buddies had no elegance, no coordination, but he was having such a great time that Sherlock couldn’t help but smile. He was perfect too, fit, hard, capable, older, and potentially, just the daddy Sherlock needed. He did love the small ones, they always had something to prove. He swanned over gracefully, “Buy you a pint, soldier?”
Things didn't overwhelm him this time. He now understood he'd been trapped in a nightmare
John grinned at his child, “yes, we all need to eat, Rosie love.”
John made it four blocks before he needed to lurch into an alley to collect his wits, his emotions in an almost hysterical swirl as every feeling he had fought for dominance.
“Why?”
“John,” Sherlock’s voice was full of compassion and understanding, “This is a very large change in a very small amount of time. It’s a great deal for you to adapt to and absorb. You’re being as brave as you can, and I am so proud of you.” Sherlock hugged John close, “I know you’re terrified, my love. I am too. I’m no better at this than you are, you know it, but I’m convinced that this is the correct move. Come home, John. Leave all of this blackness behind and be with me. Let’s live together again, and take every opportunity to love one another, and let’s be happy.”
Sherlock was a weeping mess before dinnertime. He was filled with deep regret as well as growing fear. John’s temper was dark and remorseless. He slapped his hands on random parts of Sherlock’s body without warning, causing his lash marks to throb and ache. He still demanded sex too, making Sherlock suck him off but only after he fingered Sherlock’s raw aching hole until Sherlock cried all over again. When his humiliation was at its peak, John slowly relented. He allowed Sherlock to soak in a soothing oat bath after he inserted a very necessary suppository. Sherlock still needed to stand in order to eat his meal, and even though he had no appetite, Sherlock didn’t dare leave even a single mouthful on his plate. He drank his tea, the glass of water, and the glass of milk that John provided him. His belly was rounded and distended before John was done, and to Sherlock’s great relief, they just went to bed early. John let Sherlock sleep on the bed and didn’t touch him once through the night.
Sherlock didn’t try to defend himself. He took the blows, his head snapping back and hitting the floor, and if anything, the knee-weakening smell of omega grew stronger, and it drove the alpha right around the bend with an overload of feelings. John might have kept beating him if the wait-staff hadn’t managed to knock him to the ground, five of them taking John out to the service entrance and tossing him into an alley.
John and 2539 lay side by side on their respective floors, whispering to one another through the translucent wall. They were tired, too tired to sit, but they knew they needed to communicate. 2539 softly said, “We have to get out of here.”
free to spend some time? Seriously? I don’t even know you, but I’m telling you, you’re coming off as kind of an arsehole.”
“I understand and agree, Sherlock. Nonetheless, I feel it is imperative that we interview Doctor Watson and see what we can learn. If it truly bothers you so much, then I will undertake this task personally.” Sherlock felt his lower lip tremble and his eyes burn. He was going to cry again, and he didn’t want Mycroft to see him do so. “You need rest, brother mine.  I will do what needs to be done and will inform you of the results at a later time.”
“Yes, we do. Sherlock, this child has a greater grip on emotional maturity than you and she says you need food. I’m afraid the vote is not in your favour, it’s three to one.” Danny dug around the cupboards.
“You want to fuck me.” Sherlock was blunt, accusing. “You want to bite me and breed me. You’re an animal! You don’t care about me, not really, I’m just a hole for you to use. That’s what your beta thinks. Obvious again. She’s prejudiced but you won’t let yourself see it. She’s jealous because I can give you a dozen pups while she might only ever manage one. Stupid. I don’t want babies. Why does she hate me then just because she does? I’m probably sterile now, how’s that for a laugh? Why do I even bother, you’re not listening again, you’re too busy imagining what it would be like to knot me.”
John smiled and felt his eyes well up. Now it felt real, like everything had been a nebulous dream until that moment, “Yes.”
“You’re gay like he was.”
Sherlock was rendered unconscious during the last of it. John kept rocking his hips, urging every last sperm to enter Sherlock’s body so that it could seek out the ripe egg that was hidden inside. He could almost feel it when it happened and knew he was successful when his knot deflated and his cock pulled out in a messy gush of now-unnecessary spunk. John collapsed on top of Sherlock and gasped for air. This was it. They’d bonded and bred, now all John had to do was spend the rest of his life looking after his mate and their pups. Sherlock would likely have only one this first time around but he was young, young enough to have time for bigger litters, as many as he wanted. John would give Sherlock all the children he asked for, if his omega wanted that.
restaurant. “John!” Mary tried to stop him, but she was no match for an enraged alpha.
A far away but familiar voice cut through the discomfort. Wiping the blood-stained saliva from the corner of his mouth, Sherlock managed to look up in time to see John limping toward them from far down the street, his cane held shakily in his hand. Sherlock was stunned. He wasn’t prepared to see John. The doctor looked awful. He was sunken-cheeked and had dark bags under his eyes. His hair was untrimmed and roughly combed back, likely with nothing more than his fingers. Sherlock would have observed more, but the woman, obviously John’s sister, managed to draw back for one more forceful blow, this one landing right on Sherlock’s right eye, a follow-up punch with her other hand landing against his belly a second time. The power behind it was breathtaking, and now he couldn’t stop himself, not that he tried. Sherlock threw up right there in the street, “Harry, what’s gotten into you? What have you done?” John was still shouting. He wasn’t close enough to be heard otherwise.
“John Hamish Watson! Who
John hustled Sherlock out of the flat. Such was the doctor’s urgency that he placed his hand on the small of Sherlock’s back to guide him out the door. It was faster to walk there than it was to try and find a cab at this time of the evening, so the two of them briskly strode down the street with John nearly pushing Sherlock along. The warmth of his hand burned with a kind of heat Sherlock didn’t exactly recognise but he didn’t dislike it. John asked Sherlock about the experiment on the table, and one question at a time filled all the minutes they needed to get to their destination. Sherlock was almost sorry to arrive, so genial had their effortless conversation been, but John just helped Sherlock out of his greatcoat and escorted him to their usual table where a server was already waiting attentively while a proud Angelo watched from the kitchen door. John asked for his emergency order of toast and accepted two menus, “I already know what I want.” Sherlock meant John, but tortellini would do in his stead as a meal.
John twisted in Sherlock’s arms and went willingly on his hands and knees at the edge of the bed. Sherlock knew exactly what he wanted to do, bending over, and kissing down John’s spine until he worked his way to John’s arse. His lover tasted of soap, and a bit of sweat from earlier. He was musky and tangy and so incredibly delicious that Sherlock knew he’d found a brand-new addiction. He committed himself to tonguing John avidly, pressing and licking his firm hole until it was relaxed and easy to slip inside of. One long finger followed another with strained patience as Sherlock drew out the preparation for as long as he could. He wanted John to be loose and sloppy with spit and lube before he went anywhere near him. John wouldn’t feel a twinge of pain, not if Sherlock had anything to say about it!
and winking naughtily, biting his generous bottom lip suggestively. John flushed a second time but happily, all his embarrassment gone.
Missing John seemed to be something that wasn’t abating. Sherlock missed him when he managed to sleep. He missed John during breakfasts. He pined for John when he worked on the case. He tried to notice other men, examining anyone who he was reasonably certain was single, just to see if he could maybe organise some rebound sex or some kind of dating activity that could help him expunge the helpless hopeless self-doubt that plagued him. It repulsed him, instead. He couldn’t even bring himself to manage to flirt, something he used to be able to do on-demand for a case. Bitterly, he had to accept that he would only ever love John Watson. Sometimes at night, Sherlock silently wept, unable to stop his tears because he loved John intensely and being apart from him was unbearable. There was a hole in his heart as deep and as wide as the
“What…did…you…give…me?” Speaking was so difficult, his throat felt raw and sore, he’d likely been intubated until recently, but these were vital things he needed to know.
again, he could tell. He wore the same clothes as he had
John was a bit surprised when Sherlock pushed back firmly and stood. He knew it. He’d pushed too fast, had hinted at too much. Now Sherlock was going to storm away and hide in his mind-palace as per usual. John tried not to feel rejected. There was some hope, after all. Tonight had been a very good beginning. He shouldn’t feel….
John flushed with embarrassment. He couldn’t help how big his cock was, he certainly hadn’t
There were no circumstances under which John would allow anyone to be assaulted, even if they were once-best-friends who had been dead to the world only one day ago. That it was Sherlock made all the most primitive parts of John’s hindbrain kick into action, and he stalked forward threateningly, “You had best back away from him right now, boy. Only warning.” It was easy to load menace as well as contempt into every word. As far as John was concerned, rapists were low and deserved the kicking they were going to get if he caught them. Adrenaline rushed through his veins like liquid heat, making his body ready to pounce, his pheromones full of warning, “He’s not yours, he’s mine.” John meant it. Sherlock had chosen
know.” Sherlock shot a fury filled glance in John’s direction before returning his baleful glare back to Lisa.
As soon as they were in their living room, John’s nerve broke and he dashed to the loo, “Gotta go so bad!” He was fibbing and the glimpse he caught of Sherlock’s face told him that he’d been caught in the lie. Still, shame and worry drove him to lock the door behind him, bend over, and hyperventilate into a towel.
. John’s heart was in his throat as he listened to the muffled voices grunting as they struggled. A crack of gunfire made him jump and all the breath left his body as a leg slithered into camera range and stopped moving. John couldn’t see the rest of the figure, but the leg was wearing a fine cut trouser made of a material John immediately recognized.
“Mycroft, cease.” Sherlock’s voice drifted weakly from inside the flat, “Let him in.” Mycroft dropped his fists, but his eyes never left John. They were the only part of him that moved, the rest of his body disturbingly still as John made his way forward. It was undignified to need a tissue to mop the blood from his now misshapen nose, and the pain was fairly awful, but John couldn’t be bothered to do more. He was filled with dismay at the sight before him. Sherlock was seated on the sofa and he looked horrid. The lovely glow was gone, and instead, he looked feverish and ill, his eyes dull, dark coloured patches blooming beneath them, and his brow dewy with sweat. He was wearing sleepwear, a dark blue robe covering him down to his calves, the waist tied tightly shut. John scented the air and it smelled off as if something had soured, and he wondered why he couldn’t breathe in Sherlock’s delicious smell, “Why are you here, Watson?”
John could feel it, thick and warm, soft and invasive, filling his core before moving on to fill every other part of him. Tendrils of it burrowed into his brain, and his entire physical being synched up with his mate, both of them stabilizing the other, making them stronger, smarter, and simply more than they’d been before. John knew the truth of things with certainty.
Days went by in a similar manner. Sherlock grew healthier, at least, he ate and slept regularly. He remained at the flat as much as he could and only left if they needed supplies. John didn’t mind. He was just as happy doing whatever Sherlock wanted to do, or to doing nothing at all. Finally, Sherlock came up with a daily schedule that he pinned on the wall and ordered John to follow it. He made no complaint, didn’t argue, didn’t make requests. He did nothing at all unless Sherlock specifically ordered him to.
in the entire world who even tried to understand why Sherlock was the way he was. He relied on John’s unwavering belief that Sherlock had a value beyond his usefulness, that he wasn’t just some self-indulgent twat with an unusually high IQ and a penchant for solving the knottiest of puzzles.
Sherlock slept on, dead to the world, his body limp with weariness. John considered the fact that their bed was atrocious before carefully gathering Sherlock in his arms and lifting him up. It was no trouble at all for the stocky alpha to carry his long lean lover out to the front room where he gently set the omega down onto the sofa and covered his nakedness with a blanket. Leaving him there, John went to their bedroom and cleaned everywhere.
“She’s John’s
“Not that I doubt you but I’m going to have to see that to believe it. My gran made me that kilt, it was made specifically for me.”
John closed his eyes and inhaled the complex scent of alcohol and spices. He tasted it and felt the sting of strong spirits, but it was muted. “Delicious.”
“Happy Christmas, Sherlock.” Nothing more needed to be said, not that night. Everything important had already been shared and now there was nothing to do but begin their lives together as they should have done so many years earlier, together. “You are my Christmas Angel.”
Sherlock looked uncomfortable, shifting the bags in his hands and arms awkwardly. John blinked for a moment before shaking his head, “Sorry, sorry, put them here, um, one second.” John quickly cleared space off his tiny counter, ruthlessly piling dishes into the small sink so that Sherlock could unburden himself. John bit his lip to keep from laughing. Sherlock had gotten everything they might ever possibly need for an extravagant breakfast for four. “Hungry, are you?”
John frowned.
He just didn’t know but a feeling of growing unease began to unsettle him.
“This is all happening so suddenly.”
Sherlock stood still for only a moment before he realized that he was just standing there grinning. Jerking into motion, Sherlock grabbed John’s jacket off the hook and presented it to him, “Shall we?”
“No, I’m telling you outright; buy some anti-fungal spray for your reeky leather shoes, and maybe use your sock index for more than storage.” John grinned to himself as Sherlock stormed angrily away, slamming his bedroom door. He exited less than half a minute later and without looking at John, took himself away for a shower, muttering about bacteria and odour production under his breath.
“John.” His sister’s stern voice cut him off, “This isn’t about Danny. It’s about Sherlock.” She glared at him. “You agreed that you wanted Sherlock to be happy.
Sherlock.
Sherlock watched silently as John turned and left slowly, his right fist clenched tight but his left sagging by his hip lifelessly. The detective couldn’t help noticing that John wasn’t walking easily. The doctor had entered with even steps but on his egress, he dragged his right foot the tiniest amount.
Three hours later, one of Mycroft’s assistants showed up with John’s old laptop, a new mobile, and a receipt from his brother for the purchases. Sherlock accepted all of it without a word. When he opened the laptop, he found a handwritten note from Sarah inside.
Mrs Hudson laughed, “John and Sherlock used to live upstairs but these days, it’s just Sherlock.”
Sherlock felt a very soft, warm, and quite damp cloth being applied to his eyes, “You’re a bit crusty there, be patient, almost done.”
that Sherlock would survive.
,” Danny winked at Sherlock again, his innuendo obvious, and Sherlock felt an unaccustomed heat on his cheek. “We may only need the one.” Sherlock didn’t even try to put Danny off the way he’d done to John all those years ago. Sherlock instead found himself looking Danny up and down once again before realizing what he was doing. Embarrassed, he quickly looked at Danny’s face to see if he’d noticed. Danny was looking right at him, and his smile was inviting
you, David’s spunk is still leaking out of you, and you want me to believe your baby is mine? You’re going to have to provide some pretty solid evidence for me to believe that one. Goodbye, Mary, we’re done. I never should have left Sherlock this morning. He deserves better, unlike you. I don’t know what I was thinking.”
“Where is it, John? I kept the backup for my research on there, and I want it.” Sherlock had. He hadn’t thought about that until now.
“Sherlock.” It hurt the detective to turn his head so fast, and he ended up groaning with pain as he set eyes on John. The doctor flinched, his expression one of devastated hurt, “I’m sorry, I’ll leave. I just needed…” John stopped, swallowed hard, and continued, “I needed to see you wake up, that’s all. I know I’m intruding. I’m sorry. I’ll just… I’m going to go.”
Sherlock knew he was hysterical, but he couldn’t stop himself. Danny hugged him tightly, holding onto Sherlock with nearly painful intensity. “We’ll find him, Sherlock, we will.” He kissed Sherlock firmly, and smacked his behind, “Take a deep breath.” Sherlock obeyed. “Hold it for twenty seconds then let it out.” Sherlock obeyed again. “Clench your fists and tense your shoulders.” Sherlock did. “Release.” Sherlock obeyed again and suddenly found that he could breathe a bit and that his heart wasn’t pounding so frantically in his chest. “Better?”
. I apparently am the
. He was vulnerable, though there was a way to secure his safety, he couldn’t ask it of John, or anyone. He had one more year on this plane and then he would have to return to
perfume that Mary had chosen as her signature scent. John figured that the amount she wore was Mary overcompensating for the fact that betas only possessed an average human sense of smell, unlike the other two genders who used scent as part of their personal communication. Their house was so saturated with it that he could never tell when they had company, her perfume was all he ever noticed. Now, the dizzying combination of the two odours was nearly as distracting as the French waiter who was trying to take his drinks order. The new smell was bizarrely familiar, but John knew if he wasn’t already intimately familiar with an omega who smelled this delicious, he’d at least recall their name.
“He is not
John had just finished explaining the feeding tube, and that intubation had been required more than once when Sherlock interrupted him, “I lived a different life while I was gone, it was horrible, John.” Sherlock moved his fingers, just a bit, and John did exactly as hoped; John held Sherlock’s hand tenderly with both of his and ceased talking. “I was a slave, your slave. You used me for…for sex.” Sherlock found that lowered his head and closed his eyes, blocking all sight of John. He couldn’t stop from hearing the soft but sharp inhalation of air from John, “There are many details, John, but what you need to know the most is that while I was trapped in this situation inside my head, I had no idea of who you were. In the dream, we were strangers. The world we were in allowed for you to have me and hurt me and take me and u…u…use me.” Sherlock found it hard to breathe, “You raped me, in my dream, so many times, John. It hurt. It was degrading. Humiliating. It was cold and awful, and I felt terrible things while it was happening. You punished me, in the end, a strap.” He paused to collect himself, “Everything that happened to me out here was re-translated by my brain and filtered into that dark place.”
