“Ch-Charlie? Is that you? You didn’t see anything! Not anything!” He was quick to repeat his strong defense, his lips quivering and hands balling into the blanket over his head. She couldn’t have seen! No way. His whole world is freaking burning and turning into a huge pile of ash! She’ll stop being his best friend if she really did look.
As he reached the top of the staircase, calves covered in detergent suds and former comfortable mood completely dissipated, the last thing he wanted to hear echoed throughout his home, the walls shaking within an inch of their life.
“I’d love to, but Cassie is a shy one, you see. Nearly pissed himself over Mary’s fête.”  Castiel swung his head over to glare at the back of Zar’s head, simultaneously burning holes.
He almost wishes he could suffer from the same (disease? illness?) in order to forget about his infatuation with a certain eight year old whose hooks have dug into his heart.
“Megara! Leave Cassie alone, he doesn’t enjoy the attention, I guarantee you.” Castiel doesn’t think he’s ever felt more blessed to hear Balthazar’s voice in his 28 years of life.
A boisterous laugh from the other side of the bar dragged Castiel’s eyes to Zar. Laughing blue eyes with lined crow feet met his, withholding a question as to why he sought him out. Light blue eyes slid to the red head beside him and he laughed even louder. Eyes bulging and nearly doubling over onto his companion, Balthazar was simply hysterical. A harsh coughing fit interrupted his chuckling, but Zar ultimately affirmed the question in Castiel’s eyes.
“I know what a god fearing (what the fuck?) man like yourself needs. I know
He didn’t want to be good for Benny, though. Charlie neither.
Castiel was getting out of the car nervously when Zar said that, causing him to stand up straight mid-out. He hit his head on the metal overhead of his car. “Fuck!”
John Winchester couldn’t kill him and
I know you’re fond of honey? I could always ask a friend of mine-”
Dean really didn’t like how she talked down to him, she was only a few years older than Dean herself! Being sixteen didn’t automatically make her his boss. He didn’t have a boss, he was his own boss. She’d learn soon enough, though. Dean subtly grinned at the plan he’d hatched last night.
He’d known something was going to happen to Daphne, and it did. Shit happened.
But he sure as hell isn’t strong.
', though. Twirling in the mirror, he affirmed his own opinion.
The results are crazy!! He’s almost as big as Benny (That doesn’t mean Benny is
Or was it something else entirely?
Is that his fucking cock ring?
“Your silence is making me nervous, Cassie.”
It looked to be freshly dyed, a lime shade tinted her forehead and shoulders. What the hell? Did Dean have a psychotic older sister?
Dean put on his dark blue jeans with the rips at the knees and his favorite green sweater. It's not really a sweater but kinda. It doesn’t have a hoodie and Dean really likes hoodies so he was a little mad at first when ma gave it to him for Christmas, but now he likes it. Hoodies are for babies, Lisa says so, and Lisa doesn’t lie to Dean.
“Who doesn’t, my friend? Why do y-”
In a flurry of red hair and skimpy leather clothing, she'd left his doorstep, twilight hanging above her head.
I do NOT permit the rough handling of quilts seen in this chapter.
Dean is bad sometimes but not as bad as them.
She shook her head slowly and silently pondered on the state of the mocha brown suit she’d recently had made for him and him alone. What if he’d gotten it dirty? What if we’re late for Sunday’s church? Surely the PTA would know of it immediately and begin questioning her commitment to god, and if Mary couldn’t make time for god, how could she make time for their lovely sons and daughters? She always knew that backstabbing bitch April Kelly would practically hop at the idea of stubbing Mary from her role as vice president in the PTA.
“So, you’re..here alone?” asked the feminine voice. Lifting his head and ignoring the slight buzz flowing through his veins, he squinted in confusion. A thin, but not
“I know, ma, but he gave it to me. He was real nice n’-”
A pedophile.
shriek. He did, however, slip on a clump of detergent and land unceremoniously on his ass. Boxers soiled.
Castiel’s head swung upwards, the female voice growing painfully familiar in a dreadful type of way. He knew that voice. He’d heard that voice his first day here. She’d laughed at him and poked fun at his conversational cues. Instead of something business casual, as Crowley says is mandatory, she wore combat boots and skin-tight jeans. Her small breasts stood proudly in the baggy yet tasteful V-neck she wore, and between them hung a silver necklace.
Castiel is no fan of laundry, at all.
“Missus Kelly?” Dean piped up, looking a little confused but squeezing Castel’s fingers a little tighter in recognition of the red head.
“You know he could totally call the cops if he sees you in there, right?”
“Mommy really needs help with the food, baby.” the bad feelings grew even stronger and made his tummy start hurting. It gets like this a lot of the time when he doesn’t wear his favorite stuff in a long time. Without answering, Dean took out the potatoes and mayo for ma’s perfect potato salad. He’ll have to wear his ..secret clothes later.
Dumping the now, semi-wet beers into the cold, ice filled cooler was real satisfying. The dull clinking sound of brown bottles  reminded him of the time he tried mineral water for the first time. It was real gross. Why call it mineral water if its literally just spicy water? No point in all the fancy stuff if its just gonna suck!
Maybe Cas has healing powers for when Dean gets hurt?
(See the end of the chapter for
Clearly someone who takes scarring others very seriously. The mere concept of looking into the mirror, at his own reflection, in
Castiel hurriedly covered Zar’s mouth with his hand, the French man’s eyes widening in shock. A group of higher-ups passed them, taking the time to raise a few eyebrows and glare at them both. So much for making good impressions.
He likes being called an adult.
Maybe superhero guy knows?
Lisa thinks it's for little babies.
Castiel wanted to reassure her that flirting really wasn’t necessary, as she was much too young for his tastes anyway.
Reaching into the smoking car and angrily yanking out his dripping briefcase, he ignored Zar’s bright smile and stalked into the transparent door. Scurried footsteps trailed behind him, Balthazar in tow, chatting happily with a grumpy Linda.
“Cas! Thank you so much for doing this. I don’t know how to thank you enough! It seems like I can’t find anyone to watch him lately.” Mary unlinked from John to speak with him, blue, grateful eyes staring into his own.
April’s ginger hair, sloppily tied into some intricate knot, eerily looked like roadkill.
“Hello, Balthazar! It's nice for you to come over and..-” a foggy cobalt blue met his own, recognition of some type locking in her facial expression. Small crows feet creased the edges of her eyes as she gifted him with a small smile. “You must be Cas.” The nickname confused him, as the only person he’d truly permitted to call him by that name was Dean himself, but children usually share knowledge with their parents, so this must be commonly known within the Winchester home.
“What's going on in that pretty head of yours?” Dean looked up into his mom’s blue eyes. Not blue like Cas’, but blue enough to see from like miles away.
Careless hookups, partying like there was no tomorrow, the hang-overs that’d drag on for days,
Who's Einstein? Is that a superhero? Dean sloppily chewed his food with unmatched vigor. He'd heard Mrs.Moore talk about someone named Albert before but..never 'Einstein'. Does Albert know Einstein? Anyone could be named Albert! Is he famous or something? Maybe Cas will know who Albert and Einstein are and maybe he'll give Dean a gift for being so smart! Afterall, it takes a lot of smarts to make a good question like that.
What the fuck is wrong with people in this town?
The familiar sound of vending machines buzzing abruptly stopped and hurried steps grew louder. Zar was done, finally. They were taking quite a long time just trying to put the damn quilt inside.
She gasped.
in all of Lebanon, Mary Winchester’s friend had to be the one to approach him. Perhaps ‘friend’ was pushing it.
Some people love tomatoes and lettuce on their salads but that's like.. evil. Anyone with actual taste buds (sorry Lisa) would agree! Sometimes you've just gotta realize that lettuce is for little rabbits and meat is for big men like Dean! Pa told him that and even though ma doesn't agree, Dean totally does. Meat is really good! His favorite is chicken and lamb. But ma says lamb is really expensive and can only be bought once a week.
If that's not clue enough, Dean doesn’t know what is.
Okay, no.
Funny, Castiel had heard the exact opposite.
He heard the other corroded door slam and he lulled behind her as she made her way into the house.
It could be spying on their every word! What.. What if it worked for enemy forces? Could ma convince the spy baby to be on their side? And what if the baby had powers too? Could he be his sidekick? But Dean was Cas’ sidekick. Could sidekicks have sidekicks?
“Coming!” he replied, voice hoarse and unused. Pissed marine at his door or not, he still had to get dressed for work. Shucking his last white dress shirt on and hurriedly buttoning it up, he pondered on what would be in his eulogy. Who would write it? Gabriel? He’d always gotten along with him the best, through their ‘black sheep’ status in the family. And wasn’t that hilarious? Before, he’d gotten labeled as the ‘reject’ for not marrying the woman his mother introduced him to, but what about now? If his mother, if Naomi Novak knew about his ..recent hobbies, she’d have a stroke.
What gifts would Cas have that Dean wants, though?
No. Down, boy.
What?
it's stealing, Dean!”
“Back home. Just a light burn on my shin. Nothing some Aloe Vera can’t fix!” Mary sounded chipper and relieved. John didn’t say anything but he too looked rather relieved at his wife’s safety.
To his utter misfortune, Castiel can hold his liquor remarkably better than any living mortal should be able to. His twenty-first birthday party being the only exception. He can almost hear Gabriel’s laughing at the very distant slums of his mind.
Castiel could feel both Meg and Ruby's inquisitive states burning into the back of his head as he challenged Balthazar's modeling notion. Zar had the balls to put him in
“N-not scared, just gotta.. gotta, pee, ma.” replied her son.
The out of place female voices struck a chord inside of him as they sounded eerily familiar too. Almost like-
"Someone is still sleepy, mm? Standing there all stuck in your own head. Sit with your father and eat up, sweetheart." murmured ma, hand ruffling his dainty blonde locks.
Proficiently wetting a hand towel with cold water, she gently scrubbed at Dean’s stained chin and suit lapels. His nervous waddling from side to side certainly did not help in her attempts. “What's the matter, sweet heart? I know your father is a handful, but there's no need to be scared.” whispered Mary.
“Cassie, I thought we were closer than that!”
He looks like a furry corndog left under the fridge for a couple years.
“You should shower, little one. You’re covered in dirt. I guarantee you that your mother will be perfectly fine.”
Whether or not Daphne accepted who or what Castiel truly was, he'd realized something huge today. Something life changing.
To be the first to plant his ‘flag’ on new territory nearly sent Castiel into hysterics right in front of most of the present neighbors in the Winchester backyard, including Dean. How embarrassing would that have been?
Bet Nick doesn’t know that word either.
“Yes, sir.”
It also kinda sounded familiar.
How could his cock twitch even in the face of danger? What is this kid doing to me?
Zar’s eyes instantly began darting around, a guilty furrow to his brow. “Uh, actually-”
Not nearly as perfect as Dean’s novel ass hole must feel, but, decent.
He swung the fridge open and stared at his options. Aaaalright. So, this was gonna be harder than he originally thought. Beer, beer, oh, and more beer.  His uncle Bobby and Mr. Harvelle across the way likes to come over and drink a few beers with pa on the front porch. It seems pointless to do it at night, but that's what they do all the time! Wouldn’t you want your best friends to come over during the day so you could play longer? I dunno. Just doesn’t make sense to him.
“Nu-”
Lisa didn’t like when Dean was dirty, so he swiped the hand..handkerr..chif? The weird soft small towel that was in his suit pocket and wiped his sweaty face.
“It- It's not that big of a dent. It's not. I’ve definitely seen bigger, mon ami! Do not worry at all, I- I apologize. I do. I’ll..pay, well, I’ll cheer you on while you pay for the damages.” The last few words were rushed but Castiel heard it loud and clear as if Zar had brought a megaphone directly to his ear.
be scary, like, to new babysitters, but he didn’t want superhero guy to think he was scary. He wanted to be friends so he could show Dean how to be cool.
Those hurt a friggin’ lot!
That would definitely make his day. A fucking ghost is haunting his washing machine.
Cas is old enough to be his dad! There's no way he’d wanna stay with Dean when he's got adult friends. Are Cas and pa friends? Maybe .. maybe if he makes them best friends, ma will make Cas his superhero babysitter?!
“I deal with Crowley’s paperwork, darling, I don’t play with numbers.”
A relaxing wave of
Glaring down the cul de sac, Mary burned metaphorical (sadly) holes into April Kelly and Cole Trenton’s backs as they easily guided little Bella into their 2019 Buick Enclave.
Tightening up the loose sheets messily arranged on his bed, he ignored the sour tone to his inner monologue. The past stays in the past. Religious parents were an unfortunate topic of conversation, not the victim of his morning ramblings. The gray sheets were stained with proof of his sexual activities last night. Great. This morning is shaping up to be a colossal shit show.
“Yes, doesn’t it look amazing?”
His gaze travelled up, towards Dean's window. His boy— no, John Winchester's boy sat there and stared with large, curious eyes at Castiel. Button nose pressed against the window pane, the sun placing faint kisses along his cheeks, soft cupid's bow stretched taut into a wide grin, Dean was the paradigm of beauty.
The casserole was a little heavier, the glass pan full of cheesy bologna goodness, but he has super strength powers! Muscles from lifting heavy things around the house and in his room made it super easy to carry the cheesy meat. He couldn’t wait to eat some, he really likes when ma crumbles up some bacon and sprinkles cheddar cheese on top of his piece.
Castiel gazed down at John’s stiff form through the upstairs window.
Yeah, and he’d make him beg. Make him suck on his balls and hold them in his mouth for hours. He’ll discipline Dean and teach him how to fucking submit to his owner. His one and only owner.
“Yes it did-” Linda countered.
“No.”
"Are you listening to me? Castiel, I expected better from you! Dozing off in the middle of my scolding of your fashion sense? That's Meg behavior if I've ever seen it." huffed Zar, foreign loafers tapping on the wooden planes of his living room floor.
Perhaps opposites attract, afterall?
Dean wound up picking a bright green bracelet thing from inside the box. It fit around his wrist perfectly! It had to be fate!
How had she found out? Was there a news board based on who fucked who and with what? Where was the loyalty? The discretion of ‘one-night stands’? Had April Kelly spouted out their night on the ‘town’ even though she’s (happily?) married to
“At the BBQ? We didn’t get to talk but I saw you talking to that troublemaker Dean Winchester.” Linda smiled a reminiscent grin and shook her head. Balthazar’s noises finally died off with the slam of a lid closing.
“Watch out for your boy, Mary.” Linda tsked.
Calculative fingers straightened the back of his cossack shirt, rousing Castiel out of his minor venting. "Perhaps exotic clothing simply isn't your style. Maybe something—" Zar sighs, hips jutting out. "Boring. That seems more your style. Accountant and all."
A low whistle resounded from behind Zar's awed gasps. "A whole new Clarence. Just gel down that hair and you'll be a hit with the Winchesters" snarked Meg, her snake long tongue darting out to line her lower lip.
Checking his phone one last time before going downstairs, he read Charlie’s text and replied one last time.
“What kind of get-together doesn’t have one?”
He could see Kelly’s dim green eyes meeting the bracelet with a slight furrow in her plucked brows. Oh god. She fucking knew. She was going to say something. Perhaps something that would give it away and then his mother and father would find out. Could any of this be blamed on Castiel directly, though? A man couldn’t practice orgasm delay without little boys stealing his cock rings nowadays, huh?
Sitting next to Missouri and Patience,  the Winchesters all stay quiet as they absorb God’s word.
It was five minutes ago all over again. His heart plummeted into his stomach, down into his intestines, and was shat out unceremoniously onto his front porch.
“Tsk, tsk, darling, is this how you treat the man who you want a favor from?”
It isn’t horrible. It genuinely isn’t. The fact that April gave it to her definitely doesn’t earn any extra brownie points, though.  Mary loves gifts! Whether or not the gift is good, she’ll take the effort as the real gift. And in any case, this dress would be seen as beautiful and, or, a truce offering. One that has been needed for years. But she knows this was a gift given out of spite.
They don't have that many cookie options b'cause ma is always checking and throwing them away, but she hasn't checked this week aaaand..yup! Dean's fingers fiddle with a plastic blue wrapper as he tries to reach all the way in the back to whip the Chips Ahoy cookies out. They aren't his favorites, only Oreos are his favorites, but Jo was the last person who actually bought him cookies. She really wasn't that evil or anything.
It’d taken forever to get rid of her! She was so ..so.. Lisa said the word was..tolerant, he thinks?
“I don’t remember giving you a discount- if anything, I told you not to show up here again.” Linda’s scolding tone made Zar wilt. “I didn’t take you for the type to dislike
Her flat blonde hair swayed as she looked from Zar to Castiel.
She always makes him take his phone on those days. She doesn’t trust the ‘Lafittes’ for some reason.
Lisa said the word was..prrroo..proonounccedd?
He shucked his phone into his pocket and went down the ugly carpeted stairs. Ma got this carpet from Missouri so Dean felt kinda bad for callin’ it ugly but sheesh! Cut him some slack! It had weird swirls and shapes and.. Why couldn’t it have superman on it or something? If Dean could decorate the house, he’d definitely have superman stuff everywhere. (Hopefully batman doesn’t take it personally, but he likes blue and red a lot more than black)
Nick sat slumped in his chair with his arms crossed and a pissy look dripping off his face. “Alright! Alright, children. Who can tell me what Ruth’s sister’s name was?” Jess said, a huge smile plastered on her light face.
“Let's invite him to the barbeque. Make him feel at home in our cul de sac! Don’t you want to encourage good behavior to your son?” said ma with one of ‘those’ looks that made pa always say yeah.
When Daphne spared him a glance, though, that truly changed him.
Cas wouldn’t lie to Dean.
She even raised one of those..thingies..titions. Petit..titions? Petitions? I ‘dunno.
Try his worst.
Nick does. And pa does sometimes. And maybe ma.
“You’re shitting me.”
John knows that his favorite color is green: green for life, green for vegetation, green for-
As controversial as that topic may be between her and her husband, John, it's the truth. Could she be a tad bit demanding at the family picnics and get togethers? Sure! But, who wouldn’t be, when stupid April Kelly stole the spotlight wherever her trampy ass went? Who could possibly blame her for stepping (painfully) on a few toes?
Shuffling out of the loud bar with the energetic woman in his arms, Castiel unlocked his Continental and hurriedly sat in the driver's seat. The young red head sat in the passenger’s and reached over, performing some type of manual magic that made him groan loud.
Thumb swiping through the thick condensation of his glass and head bent down towards the slippery wet bar underneath his elbows, Castiel would have missed the sultry voice if it weren’t for his keen hearing.
Dean sat the BBQ lays on the counter and looked back into the cupboard. Ma said no cookies but..what if she meant to say 'no forgetting the cookies' without the forgetting part? Being the amazing son that he (definitely) is, it only makes sense for Dean to notice her slip up and help her out. Afterall, being a ma can be real tough. Well, that's what Jess says.
"What ever do you mean you've never had Hotdog on a Stick?"
He couldn’t go into work like this. Not this disheveled. Forcing the key into the ignition, he pulled out of his driveway and began his commute to the firm whilst grinding his palm into the thick line of his cock.
He'd truly found his '
He’ll ask Gabriel.
Unguided, dull fingers ran through his hair, attempting to achieve some type of ‘tame’. No, looking in the mirror will ultimately wind up in a long winded thought process of how the hell I wound up in this position. Lets just..Castiel’s hand wrapped around the brass doorknob, the cold seeping into his sweaty palm. His self esteem was going to take a steam roller to the balls right the fuck now.
He knows that voice. Rough and grim, almost as deep as his own, but with a tone of authority. A voice of a marine.
He sent his message and waited for Charlie to answer. He was already fully dressed and the pancakes and eggs smell soooo good, but he doesn’t like taking his phone out of his room. What if he drops it on the hard floor downstairs and it shatters into a million pieces and he can’t fix it with his time powers? Yep! Dean has time powers. The kind where he can ..reverse time whenever he wants. He can speed it up too.
Mary spun around and lifted her heeled foot, ready to stomp if said rodent were to become confident.
Using his little finger to type in ‘b-a-b-y’ into the password thingy, Dean’s phone buzzed to life like iron man's suit does in avenger movies. He loves the avengers movies!! His wallpaper is a picture of Iron Man and Batman about to have a mega cool fight. Charlie found this cool picture for him and he totally used it!
He unlocked the doors and stepped out, running his left hand through his black locks. There really was no escaping this. He’d spend a few hours stuck in a room with Dean today. He’d survive it.
“Mary’s quill? Mary has a quill? I see no reason to wash that here?” Linda Tran’s confusion was palpable, eyes slanted and thumb tapping her chin. Linda was a relatively small woman, but the way she spoke and inquired suggested that she wasn’t a pushover at all. Big things, small packages, as they say. She wore a simple beige t-shirt and comfortable white pants. She gave mother vibes, well, Castiel could only assume that a mother would give those types of “comforting” vibes. Naomi wasn’t exactly the ‘reassuring’ type.
After giving Missouri the container and heading to his Continental, Castiel couldn’t fucking believe what just happened.
“No. I- did not? I thought? He is rather old-”
return to my arms.
During the beginning of December, near Mary’s birthday, a package had been sitting on her front porch. Dean thought it was something he ordered (She got him a debit card last Christmas to buy things online. Yes, she was
Castiel completely understands.
So, Lisa did have her upsides. But he couldn’t help but think..that maybe..
dude i had the warmest fucking quilt when i was a kid. miss it to death.
“I-I’m sorry, ma. It was an accident, swear. I love god ‘n all, is just..boring sometimes. The guy with the weird glasses gave me a kool-aid, I like it.”
The clear doors shut rather loudly this time and a small brunette began walking towards Dean. “Dee? That you? What happened?” asked a concerned Lisa Braeden.
Balthazar snickered but covered it with an indirect cough.
“Eating at a barbecue Mary started.”
help you out with your laundry problem.” Balthazar unhelpfully supplied.
Castiel’s hand flew to Zar’s mouth reflexibly.
Dean. Desperately.
Anyway, strawberry ring pops are totally worth getting eaten by Satan. Not that getting eaten sounds fun. Dean thinks he's way too strong to get eaten, he’s way too muscley to be delicious. He has been trying to work out, believe it or not! Sliding his hand up the bannister, he thought back to the big dictionaries he’s been lifting every morning for the past like..four days.
He slowly walked up the stairs, his socked feet (ironman socks!)  catching on the rough fiber of the carpet lining the staircase. Jolly ranchers are an
At a second thought, did she really want to risk BBQ stains. Although delicious, getting out steak grease is an entire foe in it’s own. One, thanks to John, she is much too familiar with.
“I did once! I swear I did, but .. Megara, well, she has interesting friends. Said friends took it.”
“Rubes told me she saw you two.” Meg murmured, eyes heavy with intent, but he’s not sure what exactly she wants. “Said she saw you practically eating her before you’d even left the car.” Her voice dipped into a sultry growl, slightly less evident than John’s but still present. Thin fingers curled around the collar of his white shirt, bending and unbending the fold.
“Would you happen to have a..washing machine?” Zar’s head tilted.
wanted Lisa Braeden and all he could really think of was ‘wow. She picked me.’ but could you blame him? Lisa had big brown eyes and pretty long brown hair and really pretty clothes. She was really good at volleyball (not a kickball, though. That made Dean kinda sad) and a very fast runner.
That didn’t particularly mean that Kelly’s words hadn’t prodded and poked at Mary’s nerves, though. Of course, tardiness had ‘Winchester’ scribbled all over it. She knew she was being dramatic and what John would call a “psycho bitch”, but she refused to let her family name be tarnished over her son being curious.
Again, really? A slight shaking of his head knocked him out of his former reverie. He can’t think about that kind of shit. Not now, not in his house, and certainly not in front of the boy’s
Ma said pa is just jealous of him. He likes that!
Request..Friend Request..?
This was it. His world was on the precipice of disaster. These were his last breathing seconds before the sky crashed onto his lungs and he promptly suffocated. Here it goes.
He walks over to the big dish washer and watches ma take clean dishes out of it, the ones she put in last night. They had lasagna and breadsticks last night before Dean saw Mrs. Kelly and Cas playing in his bed. Dean likes his lasagna with extra sour cream even though Lisa says that's weird. He's pretty sure all the cool guys like sour cream on their lasagna, anyhow. Lisa is a girl, she wouldn’t get it.
“It's supposed to be something like a prom. He’s taking Lisa Braeden.” Mary shrugged her shoulders and sighed.
Speak of the devil.
“‘M not a kid, missus Kelly. I wanted t’ talk t’ Cas.” he’d said proudly, his chest raising and chin dramatically tipping upwards.
Castiel wasn't crazy, right? What the fuck was event clothing? Wasn't that formal clothing? He had tons of that! Why was Zar being a constant pain in the ass about something as small as an outfit for a barbeque?
“Nuh.”
Castiel, like anyone else, has a breaking point.
“I may be, but at least I admit it! That woman- left here-” Castiel sharply turned left, onto a new street, “is in deep denial. She acts like she truly does not care, right turn.-” Annoyance began to prickle at Castiel’s nerves as he jerked the car to the right.
A distant nasal voice pierced through Mary’s flowing internal commentary, much too familiar for comfort. “Mary, you’re
2. The redhead from last night walking towards him.
Dean really liked Missouri, she makes really yummy pies and crumbles and fritters but nothing with raisins in it. He respects that. And sometimes, when it's really cold outside, she’ll knit Dean and Patience mittens so they don’t get cold too. Dean saw Missouri give superhero guy something tasty and he really wanted to have some too. Can you blame him, though?! It looked really good and ma doesn’t let him have any sweets, ever.
Damn stairs.
“Please?”
Right. John.
Castiel’s heart climbed up his leg and slowly lodged itself back into his chest, still vibrating from the scare.
It tipped over and the meat fell to the floor with a loud hissing noise. The nearby beer stain lit with vigor from stray sparks and hot charcoal. A trail of fire had led to Mary Winchester and, well, from there, the screaming started.
A silent smile spread over her face and she let go of his small frame.
Exactly! It makes so much sense now!
Except for that one time ma put broccoli and cheese on her potato. Freaking nasty.
Was that? Was that fucking John Winchester knocking on his door, trying to break the shit down?
But don’t tell her that, she’d bring up all the movies and they’d talk about it foreeever.
good with computers and techno stuff. He thinks she's gonna be some big shot.. Internet geek when she gets older. She might get real famous too. Slipping on his dark gray henley shirt, Dean thought of what he wanted to be when he gets older. He thought about it a lot because his pa is always reminding him that it's real important to always have it in mind. Dean likes space, but he also likes working on cars, but he aaalso likes wearing cute things.
Aside from that tasty basil stuff, nothing green should be in that! As he carried the beers and capri suns to the cooler outside, he thought back to the absolute shock he felt to find chunks of spinach perfectly hidden in his dinner. He had been expecting the basics, obviously. Cheese, pasta, tomato sauce, and maybe,
It was a sight to behold. Two lovebirds watching the stars blink and the moon shine.
He'll have to destroy these inclinations as soon as possible.
For those of you who STILL haven't seemed to catch on, if this isn't your cup of tea, pour it down the drain. Don't read this and write a comment about how 'awful' I am and how I'm goin' to hell. This is ao3, okay? If this is the worst you've seen on here, sweetheart, you haven't seen jack shit.
"Quiet down, Cassie. Your Winchester crush might think you're being robbed, and you don't wanna look weak, do you?"
As he headed to the fitting room, ignoring the loud smacking noises of Meg and Ruby's make out session (the second or third? He lost count.), Castiel pondered on whether this was a good idea at all. Dean had begged him to come and Missouri had suggested it, but was being near the subject of his recent jerk off sessions healthy?
Dean closed the door and locked it, trying to breathe slowly. He
Perhaps Zar was offering his own company? Castiel couldn’t imagine Zar being patient with a child. Or with anyone, really. As long as he’s known him, that being not long at all, he’s always been the child.
Anyway, ma is totally Flash or..she has a secret speed power like Cas and Dean have secret powers. Would she be mad if he brought it up? Pa is at the auto shop with Bobby so there isn’t anyone else around..except, maybe like..
She can be his friggin’ guest! He’s never really liked when she made big decisions over stupid things anyway!
Choosing a photo of Dean at a very young age, most likely four or five, he decided this was the most progressive way to kill off his boner and little crush. Seeing the object of his sexual desires for what he truly was, a fucking child, should do the trick. That, and he could figure out how the hell Facebook worked. Setting up an account is in order as well. Castiel intends on being much more social here than he was at Pontiac, after all.
"No, John Winchester insisted that
A pair of sticky lips pressed against his cheek. “Dee, you can go. I’ll see you tomorrow at your mother’s function. You won’t be at school on Monday, right?”
"You're so close minded, Castiel. You would've looked positively mind boggling in those and it is such a shame that you decided on regular old basic pants!"
He looked around and outside his door, making sure nobody heard his inside voice say a bad word. Ma told him that she always hears him but..hah! Not this time. Or maybe she did? And shes waiting for the perfect time to strike?
It's just not something Castiel Novak would do. Attending events willingly, masturbating over a child, flooding basements? That is not who he was, who he is. It's this neighborhood, this cul de sac. Changing him and morphing him into a..well.
Castiel was going to ask Gabriel, truly! But his brother was busy baking and dealing with his unnecessarily troublesome fiance, Kali. Gabriel has said as much while Castiel tried to bring Dean up without mentioning his very young age.
What? When had he-? When had he insinuated that? He’d never- He couldn’t have?
Spinning around on the heel of her white flats and owning the patience of a saint, Mary walked back to the front of the house and opened the door, the second time for many to come.
Pa told him that the babysitters are for protecting him, but from what?? There's no monsters around here! Dean would be able to sense them and kill them all like Batman does. He knows he has secret powers that ma and pa don’t know about.
He’ll definitely remember this night, alright. But not because it's his best.
Content with his excuse and explanation (if he gets caught n stuff), Dean pokes at the eggs and tilts his head. "Ma, I want some ketchup for my egg please"
They moved into this really big house a long time ago because ma wanted another kid. Dean doesn’t like having another kid around because he doesn’t want ma to like anyone else more than him. Pa doesn’t get it and ma doesn’t get it.
“I know the perfect person to watch your little fiend. He is smart, he is funny, he is responsible, and he’s very caring with children.” Zar seemed to be building onto something, Mary listening close and Linda looking skeptical. Castiel wasn’t sure what he’d say next, but he was hoping it wouldn’t make Mary frown again. He sees her as a friend, sexual thoughts about her son or not.
“Tran? Who’s that?”
As pa started the engine (he told dean how that works), dean looked out his open window and at their really big house. It didn’t feel like home sometimes. Did that make sense? Dean didn’t know but maybe superhero guy would know. Iron man and Captain America know everything so he
Light.
“Dean Henry Winchester, if you refuse it one more time, I will shove them up your ass.”
It was growing late. The sun began to sink low into the far horizon, a myriad of pinks and tangerines frolicking among the wispy, not-there clouds. As close as he was to the Winchester home, he could hear the Barbeque in full swing. He dreaded the idea of making a 'fashionable entrance' (although Zar favored doing such), his sense of self preservation was simply astoundingly strong, as it wouldn’t allow him to embarrass himself twice in one day.
He’d at least been subtle enough to not stare during the BBQ, regardless of the will power it took.
A slight breeze ruffled his dark brown hair and calmed the inner chaos that had brewed within him this morning. He could only tolerate people like Zar, Meg, and Ruby in measured small doses. Very, very small doses. Some would say: imperceptible doses.
“Cas..? Are you okay?” Mary’s concerned voice filtered through his inner mental breakdown. She genuinely looked puzzled as to why he’d look so disconcerting.
Mary stopped, dropped, and rolled.
“But she does. And it is putting so much pressure on their little one, Dean. You’ve met Dean, right? Most adorable little thing I’ve seen in ages. I was around when he was a little kid, don’t you know, Cassie? Very cute.”
“Wow. So they’re for you, huh?”
“Not like
Dean wipes his own butt and puts his own clothes on (even if they aren’t always on right) and he does his own hair sometimes. He’ll drive Jo off just like the others. Jo wasn’t ugly or anything, not really. She has really pretty blonde hair that curled around her thin face. Really brown eyes like worms and small legs. Lisa told Dean that Jo wasn’t pretty and that they had to agree on that or else she was gonna leave him for Nick. Everyone calls him Lucifer though.
Fuck. Fuck he was screwed. He knew. He knew about the last week or two. John knows everything there is to know about Castiel Novak. He knows about the debate club he attended in highschool. He knows about Daphne’s accident. He knows about the faulty relationship he has with his parents.
There was a time when Castiel couldn’t fathom Mary Winchester as part of the PTA or as a petty housewife with nothing better to do than gossip over dry brownies and children affairs.
chester for nothin’.
All he needed was to be strong until later.
"I'm not a virgi—"
C’mon, punk. We’ve gotta head on home.” Dean looked up from Lisa’ eyes into Jo’s impatient dark brown.
“But-”
“Believe me, sweetie. I’ll be missing you from here. Make sure you clean up your room.”
As if cued, both Dean and Kelly shoot questions at eachother.
Having forgotten her earlier vexation, the sight of little Dean cowered in the bushes left her speechless.
The frills were really dainty and reminded Dean of like..a flower. Gentle and could be crushed under his foot, if he wanted. Usually he didn’t like doing stuff like that, but maybe if he reaaaaally wanted to. His favorite flowers were forget-me-nots. His ma told him about those. They’re real blue and smell ..not that sweet. They’re okay. And Dean likes that! He does! He can’t stand when something is too sweet or too bland.
Meg waved one last time at them before they left the small store within the mall. With a graceful smile, too. A smile that set Castiel's nerves on end. A smile that could only be owned by someone who could see through his transparent attempts at being
Hot for white, cold for black, warm for both. Okay, that makes sense. Auto soak too. To automatically soak your clothing, naturally. Light load, medium load, heavy load. Of course. Extra cleaning, extra rinse. Why would it need extra cleaning? What does that even mean? Easy care and delicate. Which are, apparently, not the same.
As he looks outside of his fogged basement window, he can’t help but enjoy the slight breeze rising goosebumps on his bare chest. It's nice, Tuesday’s cool breath blowing through his basement’s slanted window pane. Castiel has always been a fan of colder days which explains his prolonged presence in Pontiac, of course. There’s just something about the calm gray before a storm, the buzzing hum in the air. The frigid atmosphere.
Straightening out a beautiful yet simple white dress onto her and John's shared bed, she debated whether she should wear this one, the one she favored most for events like these, or something a tad bit..more. Mary doesn't normally wear too many dresses, as she finds them uncomfortable at the best of times, but Bitchy Kelly will be attending her little shindig and last time she'd made fun of her cargo shorts!
He significantly lowered the volume of his voice and leaned over the roof of the car. “The damn come! It was an accident. I don’t
that I like .. I like..” he could feel his eyes burning, but he didn’t wanna start cryin’ like a sissy. All he could do was stare a hole into the carpeted floor of his bedroom.
"Nothing too flashy..and—" eyeing Balthazar's choice of fashion, he cleared his throat and shrugged playfully. "No v necks."
He didn’t want to think about it.
“I made it for Dean. By myself.”
than him. Dean has more powers than he does). It's almost kinda funny! Dean walks into his room and quickly yanks his dirty shirt off. Benny is one of the biggest kids in class and yet..he's not the strongest. Don’t tell him that though, he gets real touchy ‘bout it.
“Please come to the party that my family is doing, please! I wanna see you.”
. Who was Castiel without his soulmate? Without..without his warm embrace?
No lube, spit will have to do.
“We may have to take Dean with us tonight. He’s much too young to stay home alone.”
Sucking in a greedy breath, Mary squeezed her eyes shut and yelled with all of the brewing anger at her very core. A severe, “DEAN WINCHESTER!” erupted out of her slender throat.
Alit by a soft blue night light, the window had sky blue curtains pulled back and the transparent window cracked open. It was really quite interesting, how his bedroom window could look directly into another room. What were the chances of that? As the woman got comfortable in his bed, Castiel saddled near the window and leaned close.
He dumped his dishes in the sink and started scrubbing at them, the soapy sponge dipping into the sink water. He's really good at the dishes even though he has to stand on a wooden step stool to reach the sink. Dean is..well, not for long, but, he's a little ..short. He can't control his height, okay!? He thinks he got his height from his ma because pa is like..really tall. Like a tower. He doesn't want to be short but he can't stretch himself out!
Cas raised one hand and waved his hand slowly at Dean. He was saying hi to him! That had to mean they were best friends. People don’t just say hi to each other and
His self-destructive behavior managed to shut up long enough for the Winchesters to briefly nod and huddle into their car, pulling away and driving off into the distance.
“My mom doesn’t have the same hang ups that your dad has with gay people.”
And comes some fucking more.
His hands. Soft like rose petals and angel cake. Pillowy and smooth like what Castiel imagines clouds must feel like. The dips of his wrist and curves of his palm fit perfectly against Castiel’s much bigger hand. The very mundane act of simply receiving stimuli of any type from
Is it that obvious?
He sat down criss-cross applesauce on his desk chair with wheels at the bottom (wheels! wheels!!) and started texting back and forth with Charlie. He laughed at some of the stuff she said ‘cause Charlie is really funny! She should be a comedian or something.
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel didn’t know much, other than he wanted, no, he
Step, step, step, Look left, look right. Clear.
“Does my wrecking of your car mean you won’t honor my favor? I
And his reaction to being praised? Fucking speechless. Castiel was
His gaze landed out on the brick house to his right. “Right! Wait, no. That's Meg’s. The one beside hers, then?” Raising his eyes from her house to the plain white one beside it, showed a shirtless Balthazar grinning an odd Cheshire smile at Castiel.
Anything had to be better than what he had before.
Dean is gonna do a lot of things at the party today. Some tag with Garth, Benny, Charlie, and maybe Lisa (She doesn’t like ‘baby’ games but tag isn’t for babies) and then he's gonna eat really tasty grilled burgers and talk to Cas. He wants to talk to Cas about why he was with Mrs. Kelly last night? And why was his wee going inside her..front butt?
“It’ll be up yours if you don’t shut the hell up. Lets go.”
The redhead underneath him screamed in pleasurable agony, her body shaking vigorously as her orgasm overtook her. Jerking his hips twice more, he came into the condom.
He walked through his fellow neighbors and their family and friends, venturing towards the red and white Walmart cooler. Mm, how delightful one would be just about now. Condensation dripping off the bottle, sliding slow and sensuous down the bottle’s slender neck. Cold and fuzzy on his tongue. The perfect distraction.
here? I guess we can’t all be punctual, mm?” A sickly sweet tone clung greedily to her judging words. “Scoot, scoot, bells. Time is moneyyy!”
“Mary!”
Busy picking up the soaked items off the floor, he almost didn’t hear the rampant knocking on his front door. Almost. The abrupt sound sent a shock down Castiel’s spine, and he did
Does weird, super hero guy get it?
“Balthazar! It has nothing to do with your sexuality! Last time you came, you flooded the damn place!” She was loud, her voice pinching and thin arms plastered to her hips.
Before John Winchester was legally off of his property, his leather clad shoulders swung around, the sound of Balthazar’s voice clearly grating on his last nerve. “Roche?”
Breaking the fit and wiping the corner of his lips, he lifted his head and looked Zar in his eyes. A lie, he had to prepare a lie. A lie that somehow connects to the truth. As it is said, a best told lie is one that is part truth.
“Don’t be stupid. I’m not gonna tell anyone. We’ve been friends since we were kids. If anyone didn’t tell anyone when you first took ‘em why would I tell now?”
M&M brownies in hand, Castiel raced (however fast someone can ‘race’ with confections) out of his oak front door and nearly ran into Balthazar's moderately sized frame. Not that he had paid it much attention, but when Zar was practically everywhere all the time, it was hard not to notice.
“Oh, don’t be so uptight, mon ami! I am clean, and you look like a priestly man, so you must be as well! Don’t let some imaginary std scare you out of your boots!”
The mere fact that this was a natural instinct in Dean. To obey and submit to his will and give up everything he owns,
Shamefully nursing a chubby, he narrowed his gaze towards Dean. He's been told his glare could be piss-inducing and he hated having to use it on his beloved (beloved?) but he had no tolerance for any type of defiance. He doesn't deal with..with..
“Hunk of J-”
Canonically, and in my smutty fic. (Yes, the smut IS coming. But we love Cas' denial, don't we?) I was thinking about adding a slow burn tag, pretty much just because I really enjoy stretching thin Castiel's resistance to the veeeery last fiber until he eventually goes ape shit and .. well, that's spoiling! <3
more.
“We’d go clubbing every night and you’d truly know what it means to date a foreigner with class. Your every need is my command”
Balthazar crashed his car. Crashed his car into a fire hydrant.
Hopefully Dean wouldn’t be home, and Mary would answer the door with directions. He couldn’t be distracted.
“Dean, you know what I say about sugar. It gets you all out of sorts.” huffed Mary, straightening and pulling at his suit, trying to neat the attached pieces. Even as messy as Dean looked, he still was very handsome for such a young age. A small smile softened her stoney expression.
She rolled her eyes and turned his computer off. “Having a crush on someone old would be much better than having a crush on someone as fake as Lisa.”
Step, step, step. Look left, look right. Clear.
“Of course. Your house is quite quaint. I’d find my way.” a tight lipped smile yanked tightly at her botox filled lips.
He is still trying to balance himself on his sleepy legs while ma and pa talk to Missouri and Ellen in the pew in front of them. If his legs don’t wake up he might be late for god class. For some reason, Lisa really liked that class and always wore a pretty dress for it. Dean hopes it's not because Nick is in the class too. He doesn’t get why putting Nick, aka, lucifer, would be a smart idea. His nickname is literally lucifer!!
He should’ve listened to his fucking gut feeling.
And he's old! Like..Abraham Lincoln old! And sure, whatever, he’s a cool super hero, but that doesn’t mean that I wanna..wanna..treat him like Lisa or anything. Also! Lisa is my girlfriend. She's the only one I have like like feelings for, and you know that!”
“You’re in front of my laundromat.”
Sigh, well, i guess you could say "I'm gutted" about these news..no?..nobody? okay-
“I wouldn’t-” Castiel coughed, gathering himself. “I wouldn’t know.”
In the time span of a few seconds (because naturally, he's gonna be fast, like his
“Novak, are you listening to me?”
“You don’t gotta explain yourself. I know how you are when you’ve got a crush.”
She and Cindy go back decades. Mary refuses to acknowledge how
Strawberry panties.
“Y-You knew!? You let me steal from you?”
Holy mother of fuck, have mercy on his libido.
shit.
“Come on in, I hope you boys like cheeseburgers!”
“Aaaand, request sent!”
Cas nodded and turned around, walking away. This was his last chance!! Who knew when he’d see him again? What if he decided that nobody should know his secret identity and disappear into the night? “H-Hey, Mr. Cas, sir!” asked Dean, nervous as hell.
He took all his clothes off and stood in the middle of his room, stretching and reaching down to his toes. His PE teacher, Mr. Shurley told him this exercise makes him extra tall and that he should always do it every morning. He likes him a lot for a teacher with a beard. Missus Kelly says that Mr. Shurley is a total p..pedo..phile? Yeah, pedophile. He remembers the ‘ile’ part.
Easy, quick. He could shrug off the impending doom of the entire social ordeal.
Is mr. superhero guy proud of Dean for drinking all the red kool-aid juice? Even when ma was mad? How could he be a bad stranger if hes happy for Dean? He must be really good.
With a quick shake of his head to Zar’s inquiry, Castiel was left to his own devices, kicking at some healthy grass with his hands buried into his jean pockets. This was unbelievably stupid. How had he let himself get baited into attending? Damn his incredibly soft resistance towards Dean Winchester. He wouldn’t fall for that again, no siree. A strict ‘no’ would be in order the next time Dean asked him for something, anything. He had a feeling Dean was used to getting what he wanted.
“Yeah, but.. At Least she doesn’t hang out with Bella and Lilith?” Dean says, his shoulders slowing inching up closer to his ears. He knew that that didn't make her okay, but jeez! What does Char expect? Lisa is popular, she doesn’t control who joins her friend group!
“It is perfectly reasonable to not have quarters-”
Castiel swung his head around and his hackles practically raised up. “Do you know how to wash it?” This could solve all of his problems. Zar doesn’t specifically look like the type to know anything about laundry, or, well, anything for that matter, but looks can be deceiving.
Rolling his eyes for what feels like the fiftieth time today, he jerked himself into the passenger seat, uncomfortable with not driving his own car. The unfamiliarity of the passenger seat began to prod at his consciousness. The tanned leather seats grew warm from extended attention from the sun, the dash smoldering hot in comparison.
Quit stalling, Castiel.
Swallowing his courage, he squared his shoulders and briskly knocked on the cherrywood door of the Winchester house. A petite woman wrapped in a wet towel answered the door and it wasn’t her inviting smile he noticed.
"Ooh, Winchester. I remember a certain blonde mom telling a certain blonde geek to not even
He hadn’t had a genuine beer in a while now. The condensation coating the beer bottle met the clammy surface of his palm as if it were fate. Castiel found his way to one of the wooden tables adorning the backyard and hit the cap to the beer bottle hard against the edge. A soft hiss came from his efforts.
Oh, Balthazar, you stupid, stupid man.
(See the end of the chapter for
the list goes on forever! Charlie’s smile seemed all knowing, her smile missing a few baby teeth (she lost one last Tuesday), just like how he remembered it.
He almost lost himself in the warm embrace. Perfectly curved arms wrapped around his hips as Dean hugged back, his cheek pressing against Castiel’s lower abdomen. Their height difference will be the death of him.
He waved at him and if Castiel thought that smile couldn't grow bigger, well, he was in for a surprise. Dean practically perked up, ecstatic to be the spotlight of his attention. Preening, most likely subconsciously, Dean batted his curled eyelashes at Castiel. Suggestively. It had to be. He is
” grumbled Castiel, unlocking his car and sliding into the driver’s seat. Looking down at the steering wheel showed evidence of his earlier activities. He quickly yanked his blue tie off and wiped the (expensive, very expensive) leather clean. As Balthazar sat in the passenger seat, he caught a glimpse of the tie and wrinkled his nose. “Gross. I will find out who is making you jizz in your car and they
Calm down, boy.
After work, he’d attend a bar of some sort, pick up a no-face, no-name woman and destroy her vagina. Perhaps that would kill off his crush.
“Do you have Mary’s quil-”
Would he ever live that down?
“What looks better? Nothing looks better. I wasn’t wearing anything.” his eyes squeezed shut, maybe he was having a really bad nightmare. Maybe he fell asleep with his panties on?
Balthazar’s confused scowl stretched into a taut grin. “Oh? I thought needing anything from dear ol’ me was impossible, mm?”
He hadn’t even sneaked a peek of Dean in the undergarment and Castiel couldn’t control himself. Being able to show any type of self restraint after seeing Dean? Naked? Shapely bubble butt making the tight cloth of panties cling on for dear life?
A glass of milk clunked beside his plate and he looked up at the slender hand holding it. "Why's my little helper got such a long face? Today is going to be a very busy day and I need your energy!" chirped ma, eyes shining with love.
He walked up to the dishwasher and sat next to Charlie. His ma was glaring at her for saying ‘full of it’ which really wasn’t a bad word but ma says it ‘implies’ bad words. Like when he says ‘friggin’, but thats super dumb! If thats the case, then dumb was a bad word too. ‘Cause it ‘iimplllieees’ that he’s saying something bad. See what he means?
“Well, you see, Dean has this thing going on for school in a month or two. It’s, well, don’t tell my sweet boy this, but it’s pretty much a glorified pizza party.” Mary giggled to herself, rubbing her bare knuckles (aside from her ring finger) against a machine closest to her.
friends. Do they just.. Sit together and be mean? He doesn’t know. Maybe Lisa knows?
Wrapping a protective arm around her ordinary sized baby bump, Mary was determined to take care of the rodent infestation herself. Little Sammy wouldn’t be born into a world where rabies was mercilessly killing off small cul de sacs.
“You owe me.”
If today was easy, what will future days in Lebanon look like?
“Right.. But what about..work?”
Even though Dean was thinking in his mind thoughts, he looked back downstairs to see if his ma was gonna punish him for saying the F word. She said not to say it because it's a really bad word and that Satan will eat him if he says it.
A smile, a mortifying smile.
Welp, nobody would really mind, would they? It isn’t 2008, but surely he could pull it off. Forcing his moist feet into the ratty sneaker, he regretted not thinking twice about picking up balled up socks. Tripping over his own feet as he rushed to the front door, the ‘bravado’ he’d formed while traveling downstairs all but disintegrated into dust.
He could hear the scratching of desks slowly pulling away from his own, inching away from the ‘Opossum Fucker’. Great. As if being attracted to Dean Winchester was enough, he’d gotten bestiality tacked to his title too. At least nobody knew about Dean, though, right?
Lisa taught him how to kiss a few months ago, when he was in second grade and she was in third. Now, he's going to third and she's going to fourth. He's not really excited about having to learn times tables but maybe Lisa might help him? She won the spelling bee last year and everyone really liked her but she chose
at those cookies." Damnit! He forgot about Charlie! Charlie, in all of her red headed glory, tapped her foot on the tiled floor and glared up at him.
“Mary wanted me to- To thank you. She wanted me to thank you for watching Dean last night. And that she’s sorry for the inconvenience.” The explanation sounded like John personally ripped it out of a cheese grater. Forced and, Castiel was sure he hadn’t imagined it, embarrassed.
“Mr. Winchester. Shouldn’t you be playing with the kids?” Kelly (was that a last name?) narrowed her eyes and looked downwards at the Dean’s hands. Now, at closer inspection, Castiel could see something around his wrist too. Something strangely familiar.
Incredibly handy yet incredibly ugly, cargo shorts are the frenemy of fashion. Wandering idly back to her closet, she analyzed each and every dress: a total of four, excluding the white dress on the bed. John often complained about her 'plethora' of clothing, although she couldn't see the issue?
Holy smokes!!
His brain isn’t as big as Lisa’s, she said so.
“Oh! Had one too many hotdogs, is all. You know how it is. Aha. Ha- Well, good night!”
Balthazar turned on their washing machine and stood beside Castiel, seemingly on his phone, but anyone who’d taken a second glance at him could tell he was eavesdropping as well.
But nobody expects it to be right in front of your nose. That was the coolest thing he’d ever heard of! When you’re tryna find somethin’ you automatically guess that its not in sight or else you’d have it. But if someone put it where you literally see it, but you're not looking for it there, then it's the best hiding spot. Heck yeah!!
Hairless, silky thighs clinging to the small undergarment, the batman symbol displayed over Dean’s crotch area, and white knee socks had almost made Castiel come in his slacks.
“I don’t want to know why you needed all of them. Don’t-” Zar was quick to reply though.
“‘M comin’ ma!” called out Dean while making his way down the carpet clad stairs. He didn’t like this carpet, he fell on it once.
Hand on the door knob, his heart throbbed and the darkest sense of foreboding settled over his gut. Like before he’d walked into the fated Winchester barbeque. Or when he’d first moved into this cul de sac. What Adam and Eve must’ve felt, walking out of the Garden of Eden.
Even though Dean does like wearing girly stuff, he doesn’t..he doesn’t feel like a girl. He likes being a boy. He likes his short hair and his sneakers and his jeans and he even likes wearing regular boxers sometimes, but not all the time. He doesn’t wear the panties at school because what if Nick decides to pants him in front of everyone and..even though that's mega embarrassing.. It’d be a lot more embarrassing if they all saw his lacey panties instead of spiderman underwear.
John nodded and grabbed Castiel’s hand, large hand holding his captive. “From man to man, thank you.” A jerked handshake and awkward shrug of his shoulders later, John Winchester strode down his driveway, gravel crunching underneath his brown boots.
“Castiel?”
The house looked nothing like his! But not like a lair. Of course not. Cas wouldn’t keep his lair out in the open like that! Especially when some of his friggin’ windows were open while he was out!
Back arched and neck thrown back, the woman wrapped one leg around his hips, encouraging more. “Ohhh.. C-Cole would never..mnnh, please. Lord almighty.”
Castiel ignored his reluctant friend’s arms around his shoulders as he reached into the hamper near his bedroom and yanked out the soaked quilt.
..Not that he thinks Cas is
"Cas—?" Ma asked, eyebrow raised
Wrist flicking greedily everytime his fist met the base of his cock, Castiel imagines Dean sucking in his length. Novel at it, he’ll begin with nervous kitten licks. After all, he's been told his cock is quite intimidating. Small tongue exploring the purpled head of Castiel’s penis. Then he’d slide his tongue underneath the head, teasing the bundle of nerves sitting there.
Thank God for one night stands. The redheaded, religious woman seemed to read the room after a few more rounds of deliciously boring sex. After a while, she'd demanded to be in missionary only because that's 'the godly way' and that was about enough for Castiel. Who knew even the sluts in Lebanon, Kansas were religious nuts too?
Mary wouldn’t be surprised if it was.
“What gave you that impression?”
Frustration welled in his throat and made his eyes watery. Charlie is one of his bestfriends and he only had two. Benny was fun, but Benny
It  was now that Castiel realized the backyard was empty sans he and the Winchester family.
Mind on a single track, Castiel failed to notice a number of things.
Each time he got higher, giggling and snorting up a storm, he felt like he was gonna fly! Eventually, he had t’ stop. But only ‘cause he’s here for a mission, not for Cas’ fun gray bed. Dean looked in his garbage can right next to the bed and saw a really long, clear wrapper with white substance spillin’ out of it. What's that?
“Cassie, life is all about taking risks, my dear. Imagine how boring it would be to go home and simply eat and go to bed?”
She wasn’t bad looking, no. Any man or woman who first cast a glance at her bright smile and green eyes would fall for the mask. But not Mary. Mary has known her for long enough to know that the snake underneath is always waiting. Waiting and watching its’ prey. Hungry. Starving. Patient for her to put her guard down so her boney frame could ambush her for all that Mary stood for.
What if someone recognized them? Castiel’s face, probably not, but Balthazar’s? Based on the tales of his sexual journeys, everybody on the face of the planet has slept with him. Everyone. Nobody is excluded. Anything than can breathe and give consent? Sex material.
Not only that but he was a hideous lil’ thing! Too big teeth for his head, which would’a been cool if he wasn’t such a freaking nut case, creepy huge bug eyes that stared into Dean’s soul whenever he was around. If he's being totally and 100% honest, he tries not to go over to Charlie’s house whenever she invites him b’cause of her ugly dog.
Oh. He had the same conclusion Castiel had.
owe me a favor, though. And I mean at any time, my friend, no matter the urgency.”
Screams. Loud, shrill, over exaggerated. Call him insensitive, whatever, but was it necessary for anyone other than Mary to be freaking the fuck out? Could someone tell that to the PTA members?
“So you think I shouldn’t?”
of fun stuff to do home alone.
Dean’s powers are super secret. Nobody..NOOOObody knows about them. Except maybe Cas. He's gonna tell Cas more when he texts him on the white F app.
Linda.” The accusation was quiet, only the three of them could hear it, but Linda Tran wasn’t typically known for taking lies in stride.
Is he like batman? So ..he has a butler, then? But Alfred wouldn't have let Dean sneak into Cas' backyard. He's too..karate for that. Does that make sense? Lisa would..no, Cas would know.
She hadn’t worn the sunflower dress once, and it clearly grated on April’s nerves. Mary had to suck it up and wear the damned thing today. Even if it made her look like big bird, some things had to be risked to have a decent reputation as a mother in this neighborhood. Discarding the oh so comfortable clothing that adorned her body, she roughly grabbed the thin material and pulled it over her head. Perhaps she could pull it off? Mary didn’t particularly enjoy ‘bragging’ but she was definitely aware of her curves.
“What's your real name? And your superhero name? What do the criminals call you? Why are you here? You should’ve come at night, then you could have sneaked to my room. We could still go! Cmere, man.” He pulled the sleeve and, of course, the super hero didn’t budge at all. He's super strong like that. He got even more excited after seeing that.
He doesn’t wanna think about it.
“Uhhh.. I don't know if he's my friend yet but he's really cool and he's a superhero! He wont tell me though because it's a secret and if you tell someone you'll get in a lot of trouble, ya know!!” Dean didn’t mind reminding his mom about the first rule of being a superhero, but really, ma! Who didn’t know that!
He was used to ignoring stuff he liked. Usually pink and glittery stuff, ‘cause a real man doesn’t wear that kind of stuff. But sometimes..sometimes he can’t help but ..look a little longer at the pretty dresses at the store. He thought all the other guys liked that kind of stuff, but when he asked Benny if he liked Lisa’s dress, Benny thought he meant if he liked
And, as Dean knew would happen, the class erupted in laughter.
The big U of houses came into Dean’s view and he visibly relaxed at the sight. He could see the big yellow one first, and then his house, and then Missouri’s, and Meg’s. Pa told him not to talk to Meg and Ruby because they were ‘breaking the law’ by being together but Charlie told him they were really cool. Charlie is really cool. At first, when Dean mentioned the chance of Charlie liking girls in front of pa, he got really mad and told him to stay away from her. But thats stupid!
He'd gestured at the door until her dumbfounded face twisted into a wide smile. Which, somehow, still managed to make her look really fucking creepy. "Right! We shan't overuse our time together. I'll see you again." She had said, delusion clear in her eyes. She wasn't nearly as attractive after the alcohol wore off and his cock felt disgusting and itchy having been near her at all.
“Missus Kelly, what were you and Cas doin last n-”
A snort sounded from the coffee drinking ball of irritation.
Okay, now it's all up to him.
Cas sure does love a good cheeseburger.
Fuck.
afraid to use it as ammunition against you.”
Before Char could thank her again for the brownie, the doorbell rang.  It
“Oh, no! They must’ve heard that..she had a big head, is all. IQ of 130. She ruins me in scrabble.”
“Room for one more, boys?” Hands spread out in front of him and eyebrows lifted, it almost seemed like an innocent request, but Castiel wasn’t born yesterday. He wanted to learn more about his workers. His employees. His slaves. Slaves being given payment, yes, but slaves nonetheless.
“At the party, yesterday,” Castiel felt himself regather his ideas as he tossed ideas against the corners of his mind. “Mary wanted me to watch Dean after her, er- incident.” He felt like an idiot phrasing her burn like that, an insensitive idiot at that, but his mind was doing little to help him right now. “She let me use her quilt to keep Dean warm. I guess I felt it was my ..responsibility to wash out the soot stains.”
“That’s strange. I’d heard your wife was dead?” Linda tilted her head, her dark bob shaking to the side.
“Note to self: do not host orgies if you’re not willing to clean each and every stain off the curtains and carpets. Ruby is quite the squirter.”
Castiel closed the lid on his neck.
“Perhaps, Kevin, my son, and I could play with your wife sometime. We love scrabble!” Linda suddenly reminded Castiel of a shark. Predatory. Dominating. Eerily terrifying.
He was getting real tired of that nickname though.
Dean ‘s really funny like Charlie sometimes.
“Aw, were you expecting us to ditch, Cassie? I’m sure you were, with sneakers like those on, but we must go. Heavens knows Crowley is searching every nook and cranny for a reason to fire me.” Parading out the front door after shoving the soggy quilt into the confines of his suitcase and barely closing it, Castiel felt nauseous for the day to come.
He didn’t mind ‘slaving’ over the oven all day, though. He really liked cooking with ma most of the time. It's only ‘cause of the bad feelings that he had right now that had Dean actually consider her offer. If he said yeah, then he could go upstairs and get dressed for the barbecue later. Maybe he can wear his pretty clothes under his normal guy ones. Would anyone find out? Maybe he can help out with the pie later after he's dressed. Yes! That's the perfect plan! Nobody could’ve thought of anything better! That's why Dean deserves the gift he's gonna get from Cas’ house later.
No. Castiel refused to think it.
Safely shuffling into the elevator with his hand still clamped onto Zar’s loose lips, they escaped the curious glances of their peers. Much to Castiel’s surprise, there was another person in the elevator with an amused grin on his face.
“Ah, it is a Winchester. So, who has enamored you, Cassie? John or Mary? Mary is a beautiful woman but is a tad bit superficial, if you were to ask me.”
Was that even possible? How could anyone be so offensive all in one complimenting sentence?
“Mmmmn! They’re so good!” He walked into the room and saw Charlie sitting on the dishwasher, mouth full of brownie and crumbs falling on her purple shirt. “M’ mom ‘oesn’t ‘ake no ‘rownies. Too bzzzy.” She tried talking with her mouth full, making an even bigger mess. “Hey, D’wean!” she waved her hand and called him over. “T’wy this!!”
“Surely you’d need
Shut up, Castiel.
Friendly sniggering came from her as she turned around in the door frame, waving over her shoulder.
Would Dean take it okay, though?
“Shut up! Nobody would touch him with a ten- no, make that fifteen foot pole.”
How fitting.
“Yeah, okay, dork. Live long and prosper, bitch! I’ll go help out mama Winchester, not all of us can have fat crushes on old guys.” She held up her hand in the Star Trek hand symbol and dashed away, the stroke of inflamed red a strong guarantee of later encounters. It's times like this when he realizes just how lucky he is to have a friend like Charles. Even if she's kinda annoying with all that ‘old crush’ stuff.
Perhaps, this is destiny? Could this be fate? He was meant to devote his every waking second to Dean Henry Winchester. Who was he, a lowly widowed man, to declare anything different?
“And let down the cul de sac? I’d never show my face ever again!” joked the female Winchester, sliding the backyard glass door open and leading them into the backyard. A large oak tree stood proudly at the center of the backyard, beside a homemade swing set made for a child. Castiel took in the green plains of the backyard, children shrieking as they ran around in excitement. Near the oak tree was John Winchester and a few other men, nursing beers over the charcoal powered grill. Cheeseburger makings sat on a fold-up table to the grill’s left, a foreshadowing of what will come (soon, hopefully.)
“That doesn’t only go for Dean. I listen, boys and girls! I know what each and one of your parents calls you and I’m
Thanks so much for the kudos, guys! It means the world to me, really. This chapter is waaaay longer at 11-12k words. I've decided on updating this fic on Wednesdays. I'm still getting used to deadlines 'n all so my bad if this is a lil late.
“And nothing! I want you to apologize for sneaking onto his property. Later on, of course. God comes first. Where is your father?”
His blue sneakers were no longer moist, but caked with detergent, from an incident that occurred during his and Zar’s washing adventure.
Step, step, step. Look right, look left. Clear.
“Hi” Dean sounded kinda shy, he couldn’t help it! This guy was so cool! He had really big hands and he looked like he could take off Dean’s really annoying shirt with the buttons.
Apple pie!  Yes!! He hopped up and down, his eyes comically big. “Yes, ma! Extra apple filling! With a lot of crust and brown sugar, pleasee! And ice cream!” Dean was giggling and kicking his feet at the thought of pie
veggies. They put the sour strips on pickles and sandwiches and everything good. Not like broccoli. Nobody puts that gross stuff on anything.
Dean knew it! Dean DOES have powers! Lisa was wrong, of course she was! Everyone in class was wrong! He bounced on his feet and tugged at the tall guy’s sleeve.
“Lisa! Dean!”
Knock, Knock, Knock.
Instead of walking up to each home and inquiring if any of the occupants would happen to be a sweet old psychic with the baking skills of a god, he ultimately decided on heading to the Winchester home.
That was the past though. Now? Now he was somewhere new. Somewhere where nobody knew him, even if they tried to. Nobody knows the Castiel in Pontiac, Illinois. He’ll only give enough information to satiate the curiosity of his neighbors. That's all.
And soon to be hanging off her body.
Had he subconsciously watched Dean bathe last night?
Naw. Jo was real stuck up and full of herself. He feels kinda bad for given’ her leprechaun hair but thats what she gets for being his babysitter! He isn’t a baby and really doesn’t need one. Dean grabbed the Barbecue Lays (for the barbecue!! Its perfect) and ignored the Fritos. He didn’t like Fritos, like any other sane person on the face of this planet.
Now, he’d be lucky to get away without a wedgie.
“Quite a few, I’m pretty sure.” Castiel rolled his eyes and spotted his Lincoln, the gold skin shining a dull glow among the other nondescript cars. It's times like this that he's reminded of his college days when he’d bought her.
Linda walked away mumbling what suspiciously sounded like curses under her breath.
“Hello.” a sultry voice drawled near his right and he could only look at the direction to find out who had started a conversation with him.
He and Gabriel would get along spectacularly.
A slender hand pressed onto the crease of Castiel's lips, quieting his on-coming defense. "Do not let anyone know about that! As far as our lovely neighbors are concerned, I
Kelly shook her head beside Castiel and rolled her eyes to herself, although he noticed perfectly clear. “Dramatic.” She, too, was ushered out of the house by who Castiel assumed was Ellen Harvelle.
“Yea.”
Instead of turning over and pulling the pillow over his bed head, Castiel stood up, quickly taking in his lack of clothing. His boxers were strewn over his night stand lamp. Perfect, right where they belong. The urge to sink back into the pillowy soft arms of his bed grew dramatically strong, almost scarily fast. Whoever the hell created waking up, fuck you.
“Brownies? I love you, mama bearchester!” Dean could hear Charlie squealing in joy over something as childish as brownies (only adults like Dean realize that brownies are for kids).
That didn’t go so bad afterall.
“Knew he was nothing more than an indiana jones wannabe”
“Brother, I didn’t know you were an.. addvenhahahhha!”
“I wanted to thank you for watching my son.”
“Believe me, I’m more than ecstatic to ride this hunk of junk.”
His advice was, instead of nurturing his ‘weird obsession’, as zar said it, Castiel should sleep it off.
Five minutes had passed and all he could feel was absolute awe in reaction to Dean’s beauty. His boy, his adorable little doe was smiling big at the camera. Little teeth all pearly and white, his pretty pink cheeks glowing with excitement. Although Castiel hadn’t felt a sexual reaction to the baby photo, he couldn’t help but feel attached to it. As he did with Daphne’s baby photos. That's
Castiel slowly advanced on Balthazar, hands balled up and chest puffed. He isn’t a fighting man, he really isn’t, but when it comes to something he cherishes? Something he’s loved since day one? There really was no question. Zar’s sad, French apologies would fall on deaf ears.
"Toss your dirty shoes in my washing machine heart
Castiel wasn’t completely understanding what the entire ‘joke’ was? The attractive woman at his right was becoming impatient, rubbing his hips and pressing soft kisses against his neck.
Lost in his thoughts for the, what? Fourth time this morning? The sly tone of Meg’s voice shocked him out of his thinking.
must be heaven.
Balthazar shook his head at him, half fond, half irritated. The redundant beeping of her scanning tool filled the otherwise quiet silence. Balthazar reached for his wallet at her announcement of the price, but Castiel beat him to the punch, whipping out his trusty American Express card. Zar's smile and scoff/chuckle sated something inside Castiel, that made it all worth it. He repaid his best friend.
A slow, treacherous hike to the front door of the firm gave Castiel’s resolve more than enough time to resurface and scold himself for such thoughts.
Lost to the pleasures of what could be, his mind began to teeter into hysterics. Was this healthy? For his very sanity to be taunted and ridiculed by the walking away of an eight year old child? An unprecedented rage gnawed at his arousal, the craving to claim, own,
He pulled into the modest (kinda shitty) parking lot and found a decent space. “Oh, Don’t be a diva. Nobody is gonna steal this hunk of bull crap. Lets go, Cassie.” Zar gracefully (is that possible?) slammed the door shut and dramatically swallowed a breath of fresh air. “It smells like jizz and tears in your car, you know! You should look into a car freshner if you’re going to frequently jerk off in your car.”
Castiel was
Eyes rolling up towards the sky, as if asking god himself, ‘why me?’, Mary sighed heavily and firmly gripped Dean’s thin elbow. The brown material of his slacks snagged on a sharp bush thorn, causing a startled whimper to rip out of his mouth.
Mental note: redhead is a bitch.
“Char!! What if he doesn’t wanna be my friend!” Dean tried to snatch the mouse and keyboard away from her but she has always been a little taller than him. Charlie and her stupid height.
“Dean. What a ..pleasure.” Bella sounded like it really, really wasn’t a pleasure at all. Her mom, Missus Kelly, was having a brief conversation with ma in the front room. Ma had changed from her home clothes into a really yellow sunflower dress. Dean liked it. Not like he’d wear it, he doesn’t like
It can also be ‘cause Nick is just a buttwipe.
He is going to kill him.
It doesn’t make sense. Until she told him that when someone hides somethin’, they always look for it in hiding places. Like behind the door, under the bed, blah blah blah.  Everyone is gonna look in hidden, secret places! It's the natural thing to do.
“You listen to me, young man. I may not be as strict as your father but I will not tolerate your making us late on god’s day! Inside, I’ve got to get a good look at you and wash that red mess off of your face. What is that?” Mary grumbled while dragging her son away towards the house.
“Can you use a dishwasher?” Castiel rebuked, eyebrows lifted.
Does Mrs. Kelly like them? What does she think of them? Of Cas? Cas really is making friends so fast here.
BTW this chapter will mostly be Cas' POV 'cause I spent the majority of ch4 with Dean and I miss my obsessive lil' weirdo.
“Yes! Yes, Of Course.” Castiel was extremely desperate at this point. What kind of favor would Zar need anyway?
“Friendship?” Zar’s lips tipped into a cheshire grin. “
Castiel’s fault.
Thief.
Surely, whoever was judging his soul would understand.
Shut up, Castiel.
Combing thin fingers through the long blonde locks that were previously tied into a tight side braid, Mary sucked in a shallow breath, gathering her patience. This is a yoga technique she’d picked up while out with little Lisa Braden’s mother, Cindy.
"Hey!"
Now that Dean looked closer at it, Cas was smiling in his profile picture, his pearly white teeth and twin set of blue eyes stealing his attention, greedily. He  looked like he had sharp teeth. Is that a strange thing to point out?
Maybe god class wasn’t all that bad after all.
Waited.
The other outfits had been alright, some too comfortable (somehow? Zar had made the comment) , others too 'funeral', yet some were absolute perfection. Not that he'd mention that. No, Castiel knew if Balthazar received one more compliment, his head would swell and fall off his shoulders. And we couldn't have that, could we?, By staying silent, Castiel was being a saint.
“One minute! Shit, fuck.” Where is the fucking fire? If anyone should be in a rush, it should be himself, as he has a disturbingly wet ass and needs to be at the firm within the next ten minutes. The entirety of the ruined load held tightly in his arms, Castiel began his slippery trek up the stairs. The cold air no longer a nostalgic friend but a bitter reminder of his soaked ass, he began rethinking his buying of this house. Perhaps his line of thinking is a bit dramatic, but Castiel has never once looked at a minor in a suggestive manner before. Clearly the same ghost haunting his washer has somehow possessed him as well.
Weird fucking dirty talk but alright.
The older man tutted at Castiel's continuous distracted state and snatched the leather wallet out of his black slacks.
Sorry, mother.
“Oh?” Zar’s eyes traveled up the dusty brick structure that stood proudly in front of them. Delight lit his eyes. “No need to murder anyone, Cassie, I’ve driven us to our destination! Now let's wash Mary’s quil-”
The entire group got really quiet and Dean didn’t know why. He knows that that's a bad word, but he doesn’t know what it means and why it is a bad word? Maybe Lisa might know? Remembering god class, he waved his hand at ma and pa. “I’m gonna go to the place now. I can drive home with Jo and Ellen and Will.”
And it was..really good. Chocolate-y and fudge covered. Little chunks of milk chocolate in the middle. Pure.. Pure sweet goodness. Too much, but not enough. Delicious..but he can’t show it. His ma will think he’s a little kid again.
Ms. Moore gave him a compliment for being such an ‘adult’ about it.
And he heard keys at the door. They’re home? Already? What the fuck! Shit, he was hoping they’d be gone for maybe a minute longer. Castiel acted on impulse and stuffed the quilt into his shirt and rushed to the front door to greet his neighbors.
Uh..what could he say? His ma did say to ignore the cookies but..cookies!
He grinned wide at her and hopped off the tall stool. He shoved the package underneath his shirt and grabbed the chips and a few water bottles. He knew he could count on good ol' Charles.
He couldn’t believe it. Couldn’t believe any of this. Why had he gone along with this? What the hell convinced him in the first place?
There is nothing left for him in Pontiac.
And no! He's really not kidding this time! Last time he thought pa was Batman because he spent a lot of time in the bathroom and what else is he doing if not dressing in his batsuit to fight crime? Buuuut it turns out that he just has really bad..ma called it ‘bladder problems’. That's when his wee burns sometimes when he goes potty.
Images, images he didn't want to think about grew like unwanted seeds in his fertile mind. As always, Castiel’s mind was his undoing. Watery eyes and a dramatic pout. A runny nose, nostrils shiny with snot. Shivering, peach lips. A sniffling boy curled up on his bed. His Dean,
He rubbed the base of his skull and distinctly heard a mocking giggle.
Where he could pretend he’d grown up in a care free environment like his peers instead of a religious dome of hatred.
She was a little taller than him but maybe that's just ‘cause shes ten and he’s eight, or maybe its ‘cause she always wears heels everywhere. He doesn’t like that. Lisa only wears flats, like a pretty girl.
“I mean, hunk. I’d love to drive this hunk. And what a handsome hunk it is.”
Anyways, ma says he looks like a gentleman in this sweater and Dean is a gentleman! He is very gentle. Maybe Cas will think so too. He wants to be a..a good boy, for Cas.
John had laughed at her and gave her a kiss for her antics. It made her crappy mood lighten a bit at the idea of kissing her husband.
“A polyamorous thing, Cassie. If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you were a sheltered boy.” scoffed Zar as he crossed his legs underneath the dash.
Dean kicks off his old, brown sneakers and shrugs his green sweater on the ground. They were out aaall day, ever since Pa left for work at the Auto Shop with Uncle Bobby. He isn’t really sure if Bobby is really his uncle but.. Ma says so. And she’s kinda like Lincoln in that way. Ms.Moore told him that Abraham Lincoln was the most honest man alive who died after freeing the slaves. Nick always makes fun of slaves and that makes Dean really mad. That's not something to joke about!
Well..Whatever. It’ll be fine. She wants t’ break up with him over something as dumb as a different flavor of
crashed into his nervous system, making Dean a little dizzy. He held it so long this time and that weird guy really didn’t help with that kool-aid!
“Yeah, but Lisa is a total..commoner.”
Dean stood wide-eyed, mouth gaping wide and ran to his mother’s side, hugging her side. “You okay, ma? Need any help, ma? I can help. I can make the boo go away, I can.”
"Crush?! A crush? Who? I've got to know." A youthful glint materialized in Ruby's eyes, curiosity nibbling away at her state of calm. Or, considering who he's talking about, her state of fucking
“Why’d you have to scare her off? I don’t know what I’m doing.” Castiel glared at Balthazar, only to be meeted with a slight smile. He was beginning to regret not killing Zar.  “Do not underestimate my powers of washing, my friend. I will wash every stain and crumb off of Mary’s quilt.” Zar’s sure tone held a certainty that made Castiel incrimenty lower his guard.
Lisa’s lovely brown eyes widened almost comically. “N-No! I was.. It was an accident, Ms. Moore. I’m sorry.”
Is listening to car advice from someone without one a good idea though?
Dean turned around and rolled his eyes so his ma wouldn’t see it. She always reminds him to do that even though his room barely gets dirty like that! ..Okay, maybe he does dirty it up sometimes.. But that's only when his best friends come over! Charlie always leaves her jolly rancher wrappers everywhere and that makes a huge mess.
Mary isn’t exactly sure if such a dress exists.
“My underwear.” Charlie explained, fruitlessly.
to know everything. That's just the law! Looking up at the yellow house where the guy lived, well actually, Dean doesn’t know if he lives there, but he looked really comfy.
“We’ve nobody to watch Dean tonight though. I’ve tried all the babysitter's you could think of. Each one of them has bailed hopelessly on my sweetheart.” Mary’s complaining was hushed but Castiel could feel it tugging at his heart. Nobody wants to watch Dean? Why not? He’d jump head first to watch him if he wasn’t painstakingly attracted to the kid.
he thought.
Silently chuckling at his own miserable acceptance of his fate, he almost missed the green blur in the corner of his sight. His peripheral view, while not 100% clear, was at least a solid 75, and how many teens had green hair and hid from Castiel?
Which dress says, “This is just a BBQ, I don’t want drama today” without yelling, “I’m ignorant to drama in the PTA.”
His palm became clammy stuck to Zar’s mouth. The voice sounds familiar. Almost like.. He could swear that it was someone important. Someone you should always remember. Someone-
That is when a sharp knock sounded at her front door.
“How do you not know how to use a washing machine?”
“Hell?”
piece of girl clothes, just a few. Maybe if the sunflowers were on..maybe..like.. Some pretty panties.
Don’t get him wrong, there are attractive people god damn everywhere. Which is quite disconcerting considering how inhospitable the atmosphere is. Both men and women with malicious intent (or just really bad breath) have gestured suggestively at Castiel but he's yet to feel the not all too familiar tingle in his lower abdomen, signaling the green sign. Perhaps it is just his instincts keeping him from getting some ‘ass’, as Gabriel has so eloquently put, but he refuses to get sexual with a stranger hiding an STD.
Castiel winced at the words, feeling his sexuality shrivel in insecurity. Honestly, what had he expected? In Lebanon, Kansas, of all places? John Winchester is probably the tip of the damn iceberg. Wasn’t that a shitty thought? Castiel wasn’t completely ‘out’, hell, he hadn’t an idea what he ‘was’ but to be denied acceptance without trepidation struck something wrong in him. Something nasty and feral.
The trek up the healthy green grass had felt like millenia as Castiel pictured the worst possible outcome. He was a bit of a pessimistic person, yes. Could you blame him? Optimism had gotten him nowhere! The absolute last goddamn thing he needed was for Dean to answer the door, and it’d be even worse if he were in a state of debauchery.
Was that weird? No. Best buddies always wanted to be good for eachother.
Than.
likes it.
But sometimes it won’t work and he really doesn’t wanna break it so he’ll keep it in his room with the fluffy blue carpet and his comfy bed. Ma says that he is really smart for doing that but one day he's gonna get in trouble and need the phone.
He gripped the car keys harder, finding comfort in the familiar sting of the key’s jagged edges, and shook his head free of Daphne. She is in the past, with his past job and the past Castiel Novak.
But for some reason.. Dean doesn’t think Satan would do that? He’s not even tasty?
This, this was
They weren’t the only people in the laundromat, no, but everyone else was minding their own business. That is what's so beautiful about this type of establishment. Castiel imagined that the laundromat was one of the most peaceful places on Earth. After the library, of course. Something about the fact that everyone respects their own privacy. Resting his chin on his hand, he felt himself dozing off.
His fingers curled around the frilly pieces of the ..the.. He didn’t wanna call them..panties, but that's what they were..  As embarrassing as it was to wear them, the bad feelings in his tummy had disappeared. He felt light and airy.
"Woah, Cassie! If you wanted to get 'jiggy' you could have simply informed me before hand" said Zar, flirtatious in even the most untimely situations. His casual attitude dulled the nervous flames eating at Castiel's calm, though. It was something about it that he couldn't put his finger on. He'd think of it later tonight.
He grabbed a few beers to toss (not literally) into the cooler. Dean doesn’t like beer so he didn't get that much. He looked for stuff that maybe his friends would like to drink but stopped short. What if Lisa didn’t like anything they had?  What if she broke up with him because they only had strawberry capri suns instead of Pacific Cooler?  He really liked the taste of pacific cooler ones but he didn’t know if he’d go as far as to..to break up with someone over it.
he gave his ma a big kiss on her arm and nodded happily. “Yea, okie-dokie. I’ll be right back though! Don't have too much fun without meeee!”
“Cas?”
Dean crossed his arms and jutted his chin upward. “Whatever, I guess. Just use the new guest shampoo.” He then got out of the car real slow, hiding his evil smile into his shoulder as he went. This was perfect. She was never going to come back again!
“Oh, Cassie, if you think Linda Tran would give change for anything above a five, you are crazy.”
“N-No! Sorry, that was bad. Um, would you like to get something to, to eat sometime? I know I seem like a dumb blonde-” the woman began frantically explaining
"Cas uh..Novak. I don't know if he has a middle name like me, but uh..he's my totally normal friend! Not a superhero at all!! He's in the cool yellow house."
Charlie threw her head back, red strands of hair following the movement, and laughed loud. “My gods, Dean!! I thought making friends was as natural as breathing to you? Alright, alright. I’ll help you out.”
The voice, high toned and clearly holding back excitement in it’s words, belonged to the one person he’d been hoping to not run into. He’d made a faulty attempt at praying to god for mercy. Mercy from Dean Winchester and his tantalizing being, but did god give two shits about Castiel’s spontaneous boners for the freckled minor? Did he?
His confusion must’ve been achingly evident, if John’s sigh of resignation was anything to go by. Truly, thanking him for masturbating on his wife’s handmade quilt to the thoughts of his only son? Had John Winchester officially lost his proverbial marbles?
Minor shit isn’t what ruined his clothes, okay? The fucking washing machine did some fucking voo-doo shit and now his basement is flooded. It had nothing to do with putting it on delicate. It
He wished he hadn’t looked.
silly boy! Find some sweet ass and
He isn’t exactly a ‘religious nut’ but even he knows that there are lines.
Castiel tossed his head back and forth as if taste testing the idea of leaving Zar's little lie to continue festering within everyone's heads. A slow nod erupted from the head tosses and Balthazar scurried away towards the denim area. Good. Serves him right. Mentioning Dean like that. Well, he hadn't specified, but had he known it was the smallest Winchester, Castiel could very well be sitting behind bars just now.
She was really really pretty but Dean only liked her as a friend. It’d be kinda weird if they got together like he is with Lisa, too. He thinks Charlie might like girls? He doesn’t know.
Yet his traitorous mind disobeys, once again.
buy water.
So confusing!! Dean’s head hurts now.
“Yeah, uh.. Right next to Jo’s house- that's the green haired lady that was in here. The house riiiiight there.” Dean pointed as best as he could towards Missouri and Patience’s wooden house. It's kinda old but it looks really nice because Missouri does spells and stuff to make it look nice. That, and she asks for Dean's help to sweep sometimes.
He can’t wait to grow up so he can have longer fingers so he can really get a high score. Ma got the phone for him because there was a bad killer going around who stole kids and did weird things with them and then killed them. Ma didn’t tell him the killing part, but he watched the boring news and saw that. Dean tried to tell her that he didn’t need one because he isn’t like every other kid, but she wouldn’t listen to him. Plus, it's not like she was doing something bad anyways. He likes this phone, it's named after a fruit (he can’t remember what fruit though).
This was getting old.
He nodded at Dean and waved, very clearly saying goodbye. Expecting to be met with obedience, the sharp jerk of Dean's head and refusing pout deepening, made Castiel's crotch area tighten dramatically.
Castiel was dragged from his thought process by the alluring aroma of honey barbeque glazed ribs. His tongue sat impatiently in the warm cavern of his mouth. Zar sighed in appreciation, “Smells absolutely wondrous, Mary. You never fail to amaze my tastebuds.”
Pulling up into his driveway and turning the key in the ignition to the left, effectively turning off the car, he could feel a weight fall from his shoulders.
And yet, it stayed silent.
“Ta-ta.” The man said, strutting outside of the elevator without a glance behind.  Fergus Crowley certainly was something else. It was only after he’d rushed Zar into the adjoining parking lot did he notice that the man hadn’t mentioned the soaking wet briefcase clutched in his other hand.
Did this mean he wasn’t a boy anymore? But he really liked playing with his Hot Wheels and he liked his Ninjago legos. He didn’t like playing jump rope or hopscotch. And no!! That's not b’cause he fell in first grade.
He did this on purpose. Was this vengeance against Castiel’s comment on his taste for V-necks? In what world was this a sane torturing method? A physical pain raked over his nerves as he managed to force the shirt over his head and fully put it on.
His erection flagged at her constant, bible yapping. This would be much more arousing if she were to.. If she were to,
Dean thinks his ma is the Flash.
Anyway, she really wanted to get rid of ‘im, just ‘cause stupid Bella spread the lie that he touched her in naughty places on a Wednesday, but on that Wednesday, Dean saw her hanging out with Nick in the Tetherball area!! Nobody believes him though. They all started talking so much bull crap about poor Mr. Shurley.
Now..drinks! He's got water but his pa almost never drinks the good healthy stuff. Or so, that's what his ma says about water. Even though it doesn’t even really has a taste, Dean has gotta admit that he always feels a lot more refreshed after drinking a lot of water. Don’t tell ma that though. She’d
He licked his palm and created a hollow loop with his fist, the other hand on the wheel. The seatbelt limited the thrusting movement of his hips, but as he eased his cockhead into the body warmth of his hand, it was fucking perfect.
“He's a bit of a weirdo, Mary. I apologize.” sighed Zar, arms crossed over his gray V-neck. “He's never heard of event clothes, for heaven's sake.”
Although he couldn’t get much friction, it was enough to drag Castiel up a steep hill, closer to his orgasm. He kept a steady pace on the road, only accelerating and breaking when necessary. Quickly realizing that he needed more than just..
As they made their way to Castiel's golden Continental, an offended chortle sounded from the French man in front of him. "I'll have you know that your form wouldn't compliment a good V neck, anyhow." Although his words may have sounded biting and raw, the underlying tone was one of mockery and familiarity. Unlocking the car with his pair of keys, the rickety drivers door groaned in protest and desperately for some good oil.
Perhaps that was taking it a tad too far. Mary softly giggled to herself and grinned wide at April’s hidden sneer. Oh, how I hope her too-pale face stays that way. Raising a hand and gently waving it towards her, Mary truly was the paradigm of passive aggressiveness.
The accusation sat in his abdomen, hard and unmoving like stone. Is that what he was, now? Shouldn’t the idea of gradually feeding his swollen cock down Dean’s thin throat disgust him? Or pounding Dean’s lithe body against every surface imaginable both in the Winchester home and his own? Shouldn’t it ring him as ‘wrong’? Castiel nodded once, twice, trying his very best to summon forth the disapproval of his murky thoughts.
A stomach ache made his tummy grumble and Dean made a frowny face. He thought of Lisa again.
Sucking in deep breaths of cold air stretched the wrinkled shirt taut over his chest. He could get through this. As long as he doesn’t aim for Castiel’s face, he could still go to work and look for a decent laundromat. He doesn’t want dramatic Balthazar to joke about his bruises after this.
“Dude. I saw my underwear on you.” the familiar voice made the fear in his tummy spike up and hurt really bad. It felt like someone with really big hands just squeezed his tummy real tight. Charlie’s skinny arms pulled herself up from the vines that grew up into his window and she landed in his room with a light thud. “They totally look better on you than me, not gonna lie.” She sat on his desk, her legs swinging back and forth.
He put the Sprite back and closed the fridge. He wasn’t all that hungry for a burrito but maybe later?
Subtle frustration bubbled underneath Mary’s peachy skin, thinking of what could’ve been, if perhaps John weren’t so closed minded. But no, not in his cul de sac, not in his family. Mary briefly glanced up at the blotchy morning sky, littered and clogged with rain heavy clouds.
God forbid anyone of Naomi’s children be different.
Clicking on ‘Posts’, a large collection of badly angled selfies and heavily filtered photos appeared in front of Castiel’s eyes. Also, emojis..everywhere.
He hadn’t added any of the trademark detergents one would use for cleaning clothing, not even the clothing itself, yet the machine’s choking persisted. Castiel, much to his father’s chagrin, has never been the ‘fixing’ type of brute. Could he put together shelves from IKEA with little to no directions at all? Sure, he’s your man, but fixing anything other than that? Call a plumber.
“Satanic.. Pill is satanic.”
They’d both gotten out of the car to evaluate the length of the damage done and Balthazar was making it pain-stakingly clear that he was keeping a safe length away from Castiel. He stood behind the fire hydrant and as he got closer, he began side stepping. To the left, to the right. Making a false right and turning left, avoiding Castiel’s arms when he’d tried grappling at his shirt.
Goosebumps spread over the pale surface of his limbs as he stared in terrifying anticipation at the all-white entrance to his room. Pa had painted it long before he was born, and floating around in ma’s belly. Ma told pa that Dean used to eat whatever ma ate when he was a belly baby but that sounds gross! Ma eats only green stuff except for when she's at bbq’s. Speaking of that!!
Castiel was not attracted to young boys, boys who hadn’t even touched puberty with a ten foot long pole. Could the boy even ejaculate yet? Was he too young?
Looking up into Missouri’s honey brown eyes, Dean smiled nervously. “Uh..”
“Have you even added him yet to see?”
“Okay, okay. Enough of that, Linda. Cleaning time, Cassie.” Snatching the briefcase from him and tossing it on the lid, Balthazar grinned at Castiel’s bereft face.
“I assure you, friend, that Dean Winchester isn’t as much of a troublemaker as Linda Tran made it seem. He’s just.. A diamond in the rough. He doesn’t look like much at first, but eventually he will grow and become a diamond and you could take credit for his transformation!” Zar waved his hands around in the cool, night air.
“The boy knows not to say shit, right, boy?” hummed John, dark eyes sliding over towards his son like thick ink.
“You asked Castiel?”
A shiver violently ran down Castiel's spine, his previous chubby hardening into a monstrous bulge. One not to be reckoned with.
A niggling sense of pride arose among his annoyance. Dean would think him awfully 'lame' if he were to cause a scene over something as petty and materialistic as cash. His furrowed brow smoothed out at the thought of his small boy hugging his leg and staring up at him in awe, clearly amazed at Castiel's fortitude.
Mary had let the smallest bit of information slip from her lips that she hated sunflowers. Well, not that she hated sunflowers specifically, but rather that she found that they did practically nothing and the very existence of such an arbitrary plant is unnecessary. It’d been any other day, completely normal in every aspect. The science fair had been in full swing at Dean’s elementary school and Bella had done a science project on sunflowers. It was cute. A little typical, but cute.
more brownies, young lady. Save some for the rest of the guests. Dean, you’re on snack duty. Chips and drinks. Stay away from the cookies, sweetheart.”
Carefully rolling over a concealed speed bump and holding back a chuckle at Balthazar’s description of Dean, a lot was going through his head.
A tall boy eased into the room and grinned sleazily at Lisa. Dean grabbed her hand tightly and Lisa bit her lip, smiling. “Dee, don’t be silly. Nick is just a boy.”
Dean felt betrayed at both his ‘babysitter’ and Sunday school teacher attacking him! Of course, they would. Any woman other than ma and Lis were out to ruin his life! Perhaps he should run away with them. Hopefully his new best friend, superhero guy, wouldn’t take his absence personally. Or maybe he’d like to come?
“..Touche.” Balthazar nudged him with his sharp elbow and slipped the quarters into the necessary slots.
“Yes. Always. Now, please take a shower and we can talk more.”
“Okay..so maybe what I did wasn’t as thoughtful as I thought.”
The capri suns were next. Instead of a clicking sound though, it made a wet..plastic sound. It was a lot less nostalgic than the bottles.
Castiel stepped out of the worn polyester slacks pooled at his feet and stepped into the bell bottoms, simultaneously cursing the creator of such a cursed item. Who the hell? Who had the
Stairs next. Dean climbed up a flight of stairs (with no ugly carpet) and looked through a few rooms. Some of them were filled with boxes, from moving, he guesses. Until he came to the room right across from his own. This one had the least boxes and had a nice comfy bed on it. Dean immediately hopped on it and started bouncing up and down.
Frilly, ruffled dresses and flustered conversations of boys floats uninvited into Mary’s mind. A small smile lifted her gloss covered lips. She could’ve named her ‘Deana’ and have kept her skin moisturized. Perhaps an easy-bake oven and beautiful, bouncy bows would be in order as well. John practically raised Dean, forcing the ‘macho’ act on her sweet boy.
Mom stood beside the oven, greasy hands wiping repetitively on the stained white apron tied to her waist.  "John! Language. Good morning, Dean. What'd you dream of last night? Anything worth mentioning?"
Continuation of BBQ. Yum.
“You-what?” Castiel pondered, wondering how the hell anyone could do that much damage to a laundromat?
Dean was more than just a boy, he concluded, while grabbing his work suitcase and stepping out of his car.
Why was Balthazar speaking about himself in the third person? What a weirdo.
Or covered in whipped cream.
No, not his. Not sweet. What the fuck?
What the fuck?
“Mm..store bought.” And with those two words, it dropped.
a superhero.
The repetitive clacking of Jo’s engine interrupted Dean’s deepest secrets. Secrets that would make pa shake in anger and raise hell all by himself. He stared sightlessly out of the windshield as Jo carefully drove down the busy Kansas streets. They were always crowded after Church and ‘school’ let up. Jo always took him without mistake after church. He knew that his ma and pa always went to brunch (boring lunch?) afterwards with Mrs. Kelly and Mr. Trenton. He doesn’t know why they don’t have the same name like his parents do, but ma mentioned something about ‘independent women’. Independent was a word Lisa used once, and she said it meant to be ‘strong’ or something like that.
way, was of course, the PERFECT way! Grabbing his fork and ignoring another buzz from his phone, he dug into the sticky, almost too sweet cakes. The fluffy (like clouds!!) texture was soaked in (mouth watering) sweet syrup, practically Begging for Dean's taste buds to start partying! Dean really liked how it made his mouth feel and in turn, liked the pancakes a whole lot !!
“Look, slugger, if I bring you home late Mama Winchester is gonna have a conniption. Plus, it's my job to tame your lame ass. Up and at ‘em.” said a pissed Jo, crossing her arms.
Don’t get Castiel started on the 12 person orgy Zar bragged about.
“Oh, baby, you know I couldn’t help myself.” Ma managed to thread together an excuse in between unflattering chuckles.
This time, his voice was really really rough, like he ate some rocks. Is that one of his powers? “Believe me, all the fun we would have would definitely leave you tired afterwards. I’ve got to..go. Would you happen to know where Missouri’s home is?”
They remind Dean of long summer days and riding his green bike with Benny and Charlie. The wind would be whipping in his hair and make him fly on the streets! Ma says to stay on the sidewalks but nobody actually cool rides on the sidewalk with those dumb protection thingies on either. And that helmet! He hates the helmet ma got him. It's really big and chunky and he looks bald with it on!
He squeezed his eyes shut as the thin part of the umbrella hit the burglar. This might be his last day as a normal kid. Will ma and pa go to his funeral? Will he have a funeral? Who knew what was gonna happen? It felt like years passed before he cracked open one eye.
“I’ll take that as a compliment.”
“Linda helped me out with my laundry problem. Mary helped me out with my laundry problem. You trashed my car.”
“Oh? Name three.”
They ripped apart and looked up at Jess, crossing her arms. “Good boys and girls don’t do that until they’re married.” she huffed. “Do I have to notify Cindy of what you’re doing, young lady?”
“You watched him take a bath?”
His sweet boy.
“Speaking of going.. Ehm, haha, do you mind if I ride with you? I don’t enjoy using public transportation.”
“I didn’t even like those. My step dad gets me that stuff.”
Pulling his batman underwear and the bad pants up his legs, he stepped on his short stool to wash his hands. Extra soap! Dean likes this soap. It smells like ma and ma smells good. He flushed the toilet and ran out the bathroom.
Dean stood up and looked at them both at the same time. “We can hang on Monday. The barbeque party is on Monday evening, okay? Evening is the time in between afternoon and night. I want you guys to come.”
“Uh, yeah. Novak. Castiel Novak. Been trying to get a beer with him but he hardly leaves that shitty yellow house.”
He was the new kid at his job and already, all of his surrounding coworkers raised their eyebrows in disbelief.
His pa couldn’t even get him the full five bucks?  Gosh, sometimes he can’t believe his parents! He loves ‘em tho. Even if they are a little goofy and lazy sometimes. But everyone’s parents are like that!
“And have something for my ex lovers to key? No thank you, my friend.” said Zar, lifting his chin in the air, as if it was the most clever idea to have been hatched by a living man.
He was ‘hot stuff’, Daphne would say. The ‘love em and leave em’ type. Balthazar would gape at this information, he’s positive. Yet as promiscuous as rumor made him seem to be, he’s never quite felt that way about himself. Sure, Castiel wasn’t exactly known for his commitment to relationships in his youth, but he’d never felt like a ‘player’.
Dumping the sweet smelling concoction into an individual little dip for detergent on the washing machine kept Balthazar preoccupied as Mary talked to Linda Tran about a small dry cleaned suit.
His boxer clad hip leaned against the vibrating machine, the occasional jolts a comfort to his lower back. Castiel had dutifully removed layer by layer of his clothing and set them aside as the water slowly filled the washing machine. He didn't have the audacity to ask about the conditions of something as miniscule as washing and drying machines. Usually, that's a footnote! When someone invests into a home, they’re looking at neighbors, the community, and other important things.
He sat on the cushioned chair next to pa and drooled all over his plate. Yes!! It looks SO good! The way ma made her pancakes, the
Cole Trenton?
Fuck, he's going to hell.
The Bradbury turned on Dean’s computer (his uncle Bobby got it for him) and typed something real quick into the URL thingy. He turned his gaze down to the pants and began shucking the blue pants on, over the panties, because he really didn’t wanna take them off yet. Fast typing and chewing gum could be heard over his frayed thoughts.
“Meh. He’s always been trying to win me over, but sometimes it feels like he’s getting these gifts for the wrong kid. I’ve never liked all that frilly stuff. No offense, jedi.” Charlie twirled her finger around in the neon purple shirt she was wearing.
to date her. She said it was because she wanted to have a family with him.
A pair of panties.
She knew it’d be sore later. Perks of aging.
Did he fucking know? Did he fucking know that Castiel jerked off in his home and on his wife’s quilt, nonetheless? Was he here to gift him the beating of his life for lusting after his
Cas’ backyard is real pretty. Bright green grass and a few trees scattered around for shade. It is definitely a hot day today, Dean feels a few stray sweat drops drag down his forehead as he ninja tip toes his way through the yard.
He looked under the bed and pulled out a heavy-ish box. A box full of..toys? Bright colored tubes and small thingies sat on top of eachother. Not really sure what was his gift, he promptly began ransacking said box. A few long thingies and some egg shaped thingies were everywhere! A bottle of .. clear, slippery stuff was also in there. It was all really confusing.
A wide smile spread across her face and she slapped his back a few times. Charlie really was pretty. He really liked her red-orange hair. If Lisa had Charlie’s hair, maybe she wouldn’t be with someone like Dean. Maybe.
That thought shouldn’t scare him as much as it does.
Yes! Yes!! “Do you have t’ go, Cas?  We could go inside and talk about our powers and have fun! I can show you my favorite things to do!”
What the hell was he supposed to say? No? John stood by Mary, his arms wrapped around her waist and aiding in her safe passage to the behemoth of a car in the driveway. His steady glare and worried furrowed brow showed that there really wasn’t a question at all.
“Cassie, don’t be such a party pooper! Our eloping would be the beginning of .. of..”
I was going to post this during the weekend but i totally spaced and forgot that my birthday was on saturday (my 17th woo)
“Not in front of Dean, John. Watch your language.”
And yes, that includes Hotdog on a Stick.
“Eh- I’ve never liked when you do that army thing, Johnny.”
cake before. And you won’t believe how terrible it was!! it wasn’t even really a cake! It tasted like..nothing. Literally nothing. Except maybe like paper. But he's never eaten paper, ‘cause only weird kids did that. He remembers when Garth ate his homework because his crush Bess told him to.
Not only did he jerk off to the panties and graphic images of an eight year old kid, but ..
“Margaret, darling, he is clearly struggling quite a deal to do anything in those clothes.” snarked Balthazar, hand covered over his mouth, muffling small chuckles. Meg leaned against the short loveseat Zar was perched in, neither of them smoking a cigarette, which of course, meant that the third party must be around here somewh..oh.
Had she accepted much of anything Castiel was before they met? Reminders of her gentle 'no's' and judgmental eyebrow raises made his once carefree smile turn thunderous. His ways in the bedroom had been a tad bit 'too much' and she'd only wanted to use condoms, despite her wanting a child. Had she wanted a child? Or was that temporary bait to keep Castiel ignorantly blissed in the relationship? Had their marriage, their commitment to each other been an abusive sham? She'd never hit him. Never touched him without his consent. Is it abuse if he'd never complained at the time? He doesn't know.
Dean sneaks the pack of cookies out of his shirt and casually sits in on the table with the rest of the food makings. That's also something Jo brought to the table (haha), she taught him how to ‘hide things in plain sight’. He didn’t know what that meant at first, ‘cause hiding stuff meant to move stuff from your eyes. So how does putting something in the middle of a place make it disappear?
“Anyhoo, Madam Tran, my friend here needs your lovely assistance. I understand that we haven’t the best history together, but you’ll look past that, won't you?” Balthazar had already opened a washing machine and was sticking his head inside of it. It was the perfect opportunity to give ‘payback’ for his car.
Even though he's an adult, Dean is pretty sure Cas has cool stuff in his house. Maybe he'll check later for cool stuff in his house?But it
“Be grateful I’m not strangling you.” Castiel grated out, eyes narrowed but stuck on the road.
“Hello?” asked a really really deep voice that made Dean’s skin have what ma calls goosebumps.
What was up? What was down? What is gravity's role in this unshapely pile of shit? Is that offensive to the phrase 'shit'? Because truly, this is the epitome of whatever the hell comes
Spinning around on his heel, Dean blinked up at Bella. She was always really pretty, with her long brown hair and thin eyebrows, but she was also really mean. She's friends with Josie and Lilith. Honestly, he isn’t even sure if mean girls can
Stupid Nick.
Why would Cas even talk to her? Maybe he's trying to weed out the villains here?
But Char always did say she was dramatic.
A woman without an army of clothing isn't a woman at all.
Castiel pinched the bridge of his brow and slowly began to thread together a story he could sell to Linda Tran.
He put his phone down and snuggled into his bed again. Maybe today wasn’t gonna be a super good day. Maybe ma should tell everyone the bbq is canceled because Dean has a tummy ache. His tummy
Castiel isn’t sure whether to be glad or upset that Gabriel is still his exhausting self.
Thinking back to all the help ma would need with the hamburgers and prepping the grill while pa was at work solidified Dean’s resolve. “Yeah, sorry. Try not to flirt with Nickie-poo, okay? Bella told me-”
He was going to speak with John Winchester. He liked to believe that he’d formed somewhat of an acquaintanceship with him on his moving day, but even that conversation had been stilted and he’d ruined it by mentioning his dead wife.
All Castiel could do was wonder about his friend, though.
Another brownie face planted into Charlie’s waiting mouth, her missing teeth creating an opening for mushy brownie to spray all over the place. He would’ve been grossed out if it didn’t happen all the time. It’s worse with drinks!
He is going to
that he's gonna break in. That makes so much sense!
John and a few other men, one he recognized as Will Harvelle, had stepped away from the grill to let the food cook and talk where less people were, Castiel assumed. Mary had stood closest to the grill and therefore somewhat near the beer Cas had accidentally spilled.
to help me.”
“Quilt?” Linda’s thin eyebrows slowly inched up her forehead. “You’re washing a quilt?”
Of all the cheating house wives he could have chosen to fuck, of all the
“I only have bills. Just ask Linda for some change.”
He shivered thinking about that. Watching her eat that was ..wrong. Just wrong. His fingers curled around the pasty, egg minced goop. A tickle-y feeling came up out of nowhere around his sides and he began laughing uncontrollably!! He wiggled around and threw his head back, potato salad hands waving around in the air.
Plopping onto the cool gray sheets, the telltale signs of slumber began to settle over his prone form. Eyelids heavy with fatigue, he reads the neon blue numbers on the alarm clock upon his night stand. 1:28 AM.
Normally, had Castiel been presented with a willing woman, he'd gladly be persuaded into a few rounds of steamy regret sex, but unfortunately, since the recent developments regarding Dean, (sweet, sweet, precious Dean.) Castiel's usually eager libido laid dormant.
The back door was big but Dean could still touch the brass doorknob. It was warm from the sun. Locked. Jeez, this is gonna be harder than he thought.
“He must just be shy, John!” ma lightly slapped pa’s arm and looked kinda appalled at pa’s bad words. Dean knows he's not s’posed to say it but if pa says' em why can’t dean?
I'll see yall next week!
“I can’t go with you inside, Charles. He’s testin’ me. Wants to see if I can get in and get the gift myself.”
Castiel twisted the heavy weight in his hand and swung it open.
Okay, about this chapter! Let me know how you feel, guys. Questions, suggestions, anything! Do not be shy! I appreciate it all so much.
his eyes. Green, but not green. To label such a luminescent, such an otherworldly hue would be damn near blasphemous. Such restrictions should be illegal, profane, looked down upon, forbidden. Innocence clung to the forestry of his eyes, the pupil constricting at the glare of the damned sun. Oh, how Castiel prays for retribution against the sun. Having woken him up and temporarily blinded his precious angel, how it will
"Earth to Cassie! Get your mind out of the gutters! We've got outfit mending to accomplish. Now, ladies, what do you think of tenu numéro un? Quite unique, his crush would certainly notice him, mm?"
Patting down his pockets, Dean feels for the five bucks he brings everywhere, the lone house key he has for the back door, and his favorite Gunner Lawless keychain.
“He wouldn’t! We’re best friends.”
Grabbing his sunglasses and slipping on his strap and buckle monks, he was officially ready.
Cas’ wee was a lot longer than Dean’s and it made Dean a little sad ‘cause he wants t’ be just like Cas.
“Ah, Crowley, what a lovely surprise.” Balthazar’s muffled greeting swept over Castiel’s dormant memory and suddenly he knew.
To believe it was happening in front of his eyes was surreal.
He’d have three best friends instead of just two! Benny and Charlie would wanna meet him too and he could show him really cool things! He wasn’t gonna be like the other babysitters, they could hang out and have so much fun!
Amongst Balthazar’s sputtering and curses, Ms. Tran sighed and waved her dainty hand in the air, a look of resignation mixed with fondness pulling at her gaze. “Alright. I’ll honor this ridiculous discount story you’ve told your friend..?”
had shocked his system. This was too much. Too overwhelming in too little time.
Grabbing a strong hold of the vines, he slowly climbed down, making sure he had a sure footing on each panel on his way down.
A sadistic tremble made buttoning his shirt rather difficult, but Castiel pressed the butt of his palm onto his crotch.
“Y’know what’d help with the kiddos and angsty moms, though?” stage whispered Balthazar, eyes wide and mischievous. “Aaaaalcohol.”
The new pair he took from Charlie’s house looked real good on him. The big mirror in the very corner of his room reflected the soft pinks and bright peaches of the delicate undergarment hugging the curve of his backside.
When Dean had appeared at the door, wearing nothing but a thin button down, most of the buttons undone, and tiny, almost irrelevant batman undies, he’d damn near had a stroke. Blood hung low in his southern regions at the image being displayed on repeat in his head.
I'm not wearing my usual lipstick
Dean’s pretty cheeks colored a heavy shade of fuschia and his lips parted, swollen from being bitten. His small frame had cowered in, as if purposely making himself smaller, trying to please the lust hungry beast inside Castiel.
I'm back with another chapter, guys! Plllease don't hate me for taking a little break during ch3. I was worrying about vaccines and babysitting and blah blah blah loser stuff! Anyway! Chapter four, yall!!
Sucking in a deep breath of refreshing air and waving Balthazar goodbye, he made his way over to the Winchester couple. Mary and John stood together near their Chevy Impala, arms linked while Mary rested her blonde head on John’s sharp shoulder.
Not her smooth hooked nose, nor her apple cheekbones.
cheeseburgers.
He froze, rooted to the ground at John’s deep voice.
jealous. Palms whitening underneath the strong grip he had on the wheel, he reminded himself just how
His browsing history could attest to that fact with stunning clarity.
Priestly. Right.
Only real kickball players know that the extra bouncies rolls are, of course, gonna go the farthest! Lisa said that's part of why she wanted him to be her boyfriend. He thinks she would break up with him if she ever found out about his secret panties.
“Who doesn’t have quarters?”
As other students began filling out of the classroom, Jessica brushed the chalk off the board with an old, ratty eraser. “Now, Dean.” she hummed from her place at the front of the class. “Mrs.Winchester specifically told me that you can be rather..well, wild. I know better than to let you go crazy with Ms. Braeden.” Jess playfully smirked and waggled her finger at the both of them. “Go on. Shoo.” she turned back to the board and began clearing her jumbled desk.
Quickly, he replaced his soaked boxers with dry ones and pulled up gray slacks onto his goosebump covered legs. Methodically clothing himself soothed his frayed nerves. Really, what was the worst that could happen? John couldn’t murder him. Castiel himself was a rather large man for a 28 year old. He, albeit irregularly, attends the gym and makes an attempt at building bulk. Daphne would often joke that she’s shocked he isn’t “ripped” due to all the book carrying he does everyday.
Oh, but imagine how easy life would be if her beloved Dean was a girl?
Rain jackets, plaid moccasins, striped underwear, the ugliest pieces of garment wear to stain the surface of the Earth hung on hooks, burning their presence into Castiel’s retinas. What was he thinking? After having spent the entire car ride here, blasting orchestral music and talking his damn ear off, Zar had pointed out the large mall to their left. Castiel had practically flown out of the car as soon as they’d secured a decent parking space. If he’d known the torture would only continue
“Well, you see, the thing is-” Castiel began.
The scarlet collar that hung around his neck threatened to choke him when he swallowed thickly, thoroughly disturbed at his neighbor's antics. "Ruby, quit bitching. Clarence has an odd ball hottie thing going on. I—" Meg sauntered close to him and dragged her sultry gaze over Castiel's strange outfit and licked over her dark stained lips. "—dig it."
Her current situation demanded such behavior, after all. Attempting to dress your eight year-old son is nothing to laugh at. Anyone with children could sympathize.
Charlie were the bestest together.
“I know.. I love her mother, Cindy, with all of my heart, but the way she raised Lisa.. without a father, you know?” Mary replied, her voice dipped in pity.
Mary nodded.
If only she’d known just what he’d done last night.
Was everything red tinted? Yes.
what you want.” blood red lipstick stained his earlobe, her whisper echoing inside his head.
They’d both had a gigantic crush on the most popular boy at Lebanon High, John Winchester. One would assume that would equate to a negative relationship between the two, but it’d been like magic! Cindy, with her tanned skin, sharp hips, and low hanging jeans had been the complete opposite to Mary’s dulled apricot skin, smooth curves, and bell bottoms.
Charlie swears up and down on her being the queen of Moondoor. That's a make-up  kingdom (don’t tell her that) where she's the queen and he's something called a hand..maiden. He doesn’t know what that means but Charlie said not to look it up. Whatever.
“Mm?”
He hadn’t noticed at the time, but he dropped his beer on the grass as soon as Dean’s hand had come into contact with his. His calloused hands, rough from..what? What manual labour does Castiel do, other than lift the burden of this crush-like obsession he has on a child? An innocent child, no less.
It wasn’t that he’d completely forgotten just how enjoyable the night had been, its just that he couldn't help but compare it to how arousing the night would have been had it been spent-
Bobby grinned and shared a half hug with ma, his mustache hiding his upper lip. He’s always had like.. A salt and pepper thing goin’ on. Mostly salt. Gray hair combed over some of the bald spot at the top of his head. Dean liked touching that part of his head. It was smooth and shiny!
Gabriel swore to ‘hang’ with him later and to ‘stay fresh, cassie-licious’.
Now, to collect Dean’s clothing and properly dispose of it into a hamper of some sort. He turned around and strode over to the bundle of clothes, all dark and gray other than ..
“Go on. We leave in six.”
"I dreamed that we were all dogs and Cas was our owner and he gave me extra kibble and water because he likes me the most even though he's best friends with pa and you! Kibble tastes really frickin' weird though! Ew."
A broad smile extended on his face as he imagined himself in tattered clothes, running away from a gigantic boulder with something really expensive in his hands. He began walking faster, dodging people with more ‘finesse’, spinning his body and overexerting himself.
“All I hear are excuuuuses!” sung Zar, hands clasped in celebration. “Lets go, Cassie! Let us enjoy the wonders of being free, single men! We can go to a small bar I frequent, no clubs for you, not yet. That stick is too far jammed up your ass for any orgies just yet, anyway.”
Dean looked down at the message and noticed that Char changed her profile picture lately. It used to be someone named.. Sarah Paulson (she wouldn’t stop talking about her), but now it’s..a woman with red hair. Charlie would probably give him two hundred wedgies if he couldn’t guess who it was, but she looked really familiar! Dean doesn’t like wedgies or wet willies because..ewwie. Wet fingers don’t go in ears!
Balthazar was dancing on the edge.
“Is Mary home?” he sounded like his words were being run through a strainer, really choked off. “Uhhh, no. Ma is with pa at brunch” replied Dean, he sounded like a really big adult. He stood on his tippy toes to look a little taller. “Do you have super powers? You look like a superhero.”
And comes.
Mary Winchester is no control freak.
“Nuh.”
“..Funny story.”
“Cassie, stop making that face! It's ‘nly some tequiiiiila!”
His eyes sank down to the clothes and gestured to them, as if the idea was simple. Because what the hell else would he be up here for?
“Why would I have quarters?” Castiel answered.
Another young woman sat on the bench near the plant, skin a copper brown and legs long and narrow.
She’d actually done that.
Both securely in the vintage vehicle, he started the car and began the drive home.
“Of course I do.”
Hopping into the leather backseat, warmed by the sun, he closed the door and nodded to his ma and pa. “All done.”
Her laughs break off into soft giggles, her messily braided hair swaying with crimson joy. “What's so interesting about him anyway? It's not like you to get all nervous about talking to
“Oh, how could I say no to eyes like those? You
How could he forget?
baby. Little Dean in his Huggies diapers and creamy tan bear hoodie.
A dead wife.
to wear " Zar dusted off the proverbial 'dust' on his pants and turned to the door, marching forward. "I will not let my best friend look like a constipated ELD teacher for much too longer." Best friend? Where did that come from? Instead of mentioning the endearment, Castiel smiled, feeling somewhat welcome into the cul de sac thanks to Zar's antics.
Why couldn't he meet a normal neighbor? Well, John was somewhat normal, if not too much so. Perhaps Castiel attracted the mentally ill. Zar also fits into that category (like a second skin), having picked out the nightmare that Castiel wears now.
He doesn’t need this. What he needs, Castiel’s mind supplies unhelpfully, is to bury my twisting tongue inside of an eight year old’s ass hole. Need to devour and savor his young virginity. Feed on his stolen innocence like milked honey. Castiel will relish and cherish the devilish enjoyment of suckling on Dean’s sweet acidity. Sharp like citrus but calming, like morning drizzle. The forbidden fruit, truly ripe for his taking. His craving tears at his very being, needle-like fingertips clawing at his resistance. Oh, how he wants. How he
“So.. you’re more of a.. Princess Leia than Han Solo?” Charlie’s eyebrows were furrowed together, as if she was looking for the perfect way to phrase it, and that made Dean’s heart warm. She's really trying to find out what he's most comfy with.
“Say that to anyone with syphilis.” chuckled Castiel, nudging zar’s arm casually.
Meg rolled her eyes and strolled over to Balthazar’s desk, crossing her arms. “You’re the one who bothers him all the time.” Silently grateful for Meg’s attention elsewhere, Castiel promptly stood from his desk, shifting uncomfortably in his wet sneakers. He and Zar initially agreed on going out to Tran’s for the quilt but the more and more he pondered on it, his plan began to crumble and fall apart.
Deciding to scale the fire hydrant, jumping over it without breaking his ankle, Castiel successfully caught a squirming Balthazar. Now, how should he kill him? Knife to the back? Bowling ball to the head? Dropped into the ocean? Choking on a baguette? That would be fitting-
“I don’t see any soot on this-” Balthazar murmured, perplexed.
At the time, he hadn't thought of why she wouldn't need a ride to get back home. Perhaps she is an avid runner? All the support to her, then. All his sleep grogged mind could think of was
“Cassie! I’ll have you know that Mrs. Tran at the local laundromat has given me a discount after having used all of her machines.”
Both of which he is being plagued with right now.
he's not at home. I saw him drive off with that one guy pa says not to talk to. The uh..British guy.”
“April!”
Nope, the highly appreciated quality of drunkenness had been completely lost on Castiel. As much as he dislikes his tolerance, he often thinks of how easy it’d been to handle the cold nights after Daph’s death, he is somewhat glad to have his enduring sobriety. This thought is set into stone as he watches a staggering, drunk man walk out with a very creepy woman.
of a saint? If he'd succumbed to his desires, he'd be—
Dean wasn’t ‘always’ a runner. In fact, in his ‘toddler years’, he rather enjoyed dressing up and playing with ‘mommy’s face colors’. Of course, when John Winchester saw little Dee in pink lipstick and mascara, he immediately snipped that in the bud.
“Yes, dear handmaiden. Why converse with common folk when you have royal company?”
“Sure, sweetheart. I’ll lead you both to the back.” Mary stepped aside and watched as the devil and her spawn walked in, awkward in the new environment. She felt much more aware of the cluttered status of her kitchen and could practically feel the disapproval radiating off of Kelly’s bare shoulders. Bella went ahead and passed Mary, having no apparent familiarity with her house yet having enough of her slow stride.
Would Daphne accept it, though?
“Earth to Cas? Did I scare you? You dropped your drink, I think. It's alright, it's just me. Hehe!”
Glaring down at the open chrome browser, he stared at the background photo of the Winchester family. Sitting back down on the woolen chair, Castiel resigned himself to creepily learning everything about Dean Winchester through Mary’s Facebook page. Her profile photo was a pink tinted ‘selfie’ of her pregnant baby bump.
superhero, not when Batman exists anyway, but he is really cool. Sometimes Dean wishes he could spray webs out of his wrists. He’d swing everywhere! He would show Cas too. Cas seems like the kind of guy to like stuff like that. Don’t ask Dean, he just knows. Maybe he can tell because he really likes Cas, or maybe it's his tele..telepaaa..?thyyy? Lisa used that word once to name his power but he couldn’t remember it.
And here he stood, waiting outside of the mall establishment for Zar. He'd run back in claiming he was about to burst Castiel's "flavor cherry" and to stay put no matter what.
“Driving you there!”
Castiel nodded sagely at his resolve once again being solidified, hopefully this will be permanent, unlike the others. He’d gotten distracted from his true purpose here, is all. He needed a new life, a new start. Maybe a beer wouldn’t be so bad, after all?
So much for John being normal.
Balthazar finally managed to finagle the case open and the quilt sat there, slumped and somehow still soaked. The mere sight of it was discouraging. Castiel rubbed at the back of his neck and rejoiced in the fact that the semen stains had, at the very least, been washed away by the overly soapy water in his washing machine at home.
Soft, creamy thighs spread open obscenely wide. Knees lifted high, body folded dramatically in half. Only a child could naturally be that flexible. Rosy lips parted in overwhelming exertion.
He came on some random quilt on the couch.
Ma is always running around and making all the food and helping Dean out when he needs it. Ma is a good mom. Kevin’s mom can be really uptight and even mean sometimes. Mrs. Tran isn’t evil or anything but she can sure make anyone think twice about being naughty! Even Nick! And Nick (Lucifer, haha) is meaner than Satan’s butthole after Taco Tuesday.
Benny said he is gonna be a chef when he gets older. He’s been learning how to make his ma’s gumbo for years now, and it's real good. Believe him, it tastes like
Even having successfully obtained it, they seemed to be normal clothing! Was Castiel stupid?  Were there extra brownie points for event clothes that normal clothes didn't hold?
Dropping his hand and plastering on the most professional smile someone can have when caught leaving for lunch, Castiel felt like a fly on the wall. “Hello sir, Mr. Roche and I were just heading out for.. Lunch.” His own words sounded like the most false confirmation ever, and he’d expected to be called out for it, yet the Brit’s smile stretched wider and he stood straight.
Anyhow, the white dress spread on her bedding is most appealing. Her mother had worn it, and her mother before her. Of course, presented with such a family heirloom would thrust fear into anyone else, but Mary Winchester? Nothing scares a Winchester.
“Yeah, no.”
Lisa has always been really
Lisa said Nick was very ‘independent’ and that she liked that.
Lisa always called Dean names but she was really pretty so it was ok. She knew how to say big words like ‘general’ and ‘foreign’. The whole class looks up to her and she looks down on everyone. But not on Dean.
He couldn’t see Dean, the very sight of him would be enough to knock down his defenses. He isn’t sure what he’d do with the new found information that, yes-
“Oh, that's- well, that’s-”
“So, you never told me why you have Mary’s quilt in the first place?” Balthazar queried, digging his hands into the case, trying to pick it up all at once.
“Oh c’mon, Dean! His profile picture looks like he’s harmless! What's he gonna do? Read you to death? He’s definitely gonna add you. Just give it some time. The guy is prolly’ busy.”
Castiel usually feels pretty exhausted after a decent round of sex and this certainly isn’t an exception. Pulling out and tying the end of the condom, his mind began to wonder. He hopes this severs the budding attraction he felt towards the young fawn across the way. His gaze lifted from the discarded condom to the Winchesters’ window, across from his.
A loud laugh reverberated off of the wood panelling that made up the Winchester porch. “Cassie, you
Putting down the wet dishes on the rack next to the sink and toaster, Dean dried his hands and hopped off the stool. First, a shower and then he'll get dressed and..and ..errands with ma!
Kelly covered her mouth and watched as the former sunflower dress began to burn instantly.
The Winchester home, in short, was anything
Dean looked in the oven and saw the casserole on the top rack and a..a pie! A pie on the middle rack!  His little heart went pitter patter in his chest and he almost felt like dancing! Yeah, his ma had said that she was gonna make it doesn’t actually mean that she always is gonna do it.
“My friend, Castiel!”
Balthazar’s banter with Meg dissolved into harmless (was it really?) flirting that made the atmosphere spell suspiciously of sex. Sick of whatever mating dance these two were doing, Castiel stood in between them and dragged Zar, by his expensive blouse, towards the main elevator on their floor.
“Yea.”
A quiet flame burned persistently at Castiel’s core. Dean. His delicate four leaf clover. His precious princess. The striking woman was gone, and there laid one Dean Winchester, writhing in his sheets, the soft gray hue complimenting his freckled complexion. Erection successfully restored, he crawled over the woman, his daydream (night dream?) broken.
I'll see y'all in chapter 6! :)
Dean always kinda liked the villains, even if they did a lot of bad guy stuff. Did that make Dean bad? He’ll ask Lisa.
Tear shaped brown eyes gazed into Dean’s almond shaped green. Lisa and Dean were kinda the same height.
Dean likes a lot of games. Lisa spends a lot of her time playing games on her phone, which is..okay, he guesses. But he likes actual games he can play with his actual hands and his actual body. One of Dean’s favorite faaavorite games to play is kickball. He friggin’ loves runnin’ to the bases and he's got a really good foot for extra extra bouncies.
I'm so sorry for missing last week's chapter. I will never  e v e r  underestimate just how taxing it is to juggle both actual work and a fic again. Consistent fic writers are gods that must be worshiped!
A burglar!! It had to be a burglar! Did Jo leave the door open when she ran away? She left him vulnerable. Maybe he could use his powers..but they don’t work when he tries to summon them. He grabbed an umbrella from right next to the door entrance and slowly tiptoed towards the open door. It was kinda small and had pictures of the batman logo on it (it was dean’s) but it could do some damage with his super strength!
"Of course, sweetie." A glass bottle of ketchup was set beside his plate and his mom went back into whatever she was doing before. He thinks she's prepping for the bbq later. That's the whole reason why he stayed home, afterall. To go to the grocery store and buy meat n potatoes n ..uh..lettuce? Ew.
“Boy, what happened to you?” asked a familiar soft voice. Missouri’s voice.
“Fun party, by the way. I must’ve lost my invitation in the mail, I presume?” Balthazar’s slurred tone suggested that he knew John had never intended on inviting the French man. Hell, Castiel knows that based on the one-sided glaring contest Zar and John are in.
“I’d bone. Definitely”
Bunching up the calm beige of her dress into her fists, Mary jogged at a moderate pace, eyeing the backyards of houses neighboring her’s. Her son enjoyed hide and seek as much as any other child, but he took it a little ‘too’ far, trespassing onto properties the Winchesters didn’t own. A rising panic began to settle at the base of her lower abdomen as Mary’s mind took her back to one Ellen Harvelle scolding six year old Dean after trampling over her delicate peace lilies. The Harvelles, as familiar she is with them, could be a terrifying force when upset.
“Commoner?”
who only eats pie, the brownie was shoved into his mouth.
Dean grabbed the dial with his little fingers and slowly twisted the oven to ‘Off.’. Aside from pie, brownies, and the casserole, nothing else was really gonna go in the oven today.
"Meg and Ruby coming?" mumbled Castiel, rubbing the back of his neck.
Before Castiel could intentionally spot out Dean, he hurried to the opposite side of the backyard, away from the children. Zar smiled wide and nudged him with his pointy elbow. “Priorities straight! Those little demons are like..like heroin, but bad.” With that statement, Castiel had a lot of questions. But if he learned one thing from Balthazar within the last few hours, it was not to question much of what he did. Sober, or not.
Something tells him he's in for a world of hurt later on.
It worked! It worked and Jo was finally gone!! Dean tossed the tv remote down and sprung off the comfy couch.
Castiel unzipped his pants and undid the confines of his pants and boxers. The tip of his cock tapped and slapped against the base of the steering wheel, making him moan in abashed want.
Pa followed after Uncle Bobby, leaning into ma and pressing a kiss to the top of her head. “Evening, Mary. Me n’ Bob here are just gonna start the grill in the back. Be quick with the food.” He smiled with his eyes, like he does a lot of the time, and followed uncle Bobby to the back door.
better.
Heavy footsteps slowly clambered down the stairs, one John Winchester steadily making his way down whilst tying his black tie into a windsor knot. “Psycho bitching again, Mary?”
A sharp click and Charlie’s proud grin interrupted Dean’s thought process.
, there was a much larger, much darker part of Castiel celebrating having something that’d been very intimate with his penis near Dean’s hands.
Had he ‘jinxed’ himself in the laundromat by thinking of Dean so openly? Had God laughed at his sinning and decided that Castiel had it much too easy? Was anything about today ‘too easy?’ The dent on his car was much more dramatic than he’d assumed and even scolding Zar for his reckless driving didn’t make his ill feelings disappear.
Benny patted his left shoulder and sighed. “Sorry, brother. She’ll be here in no time and you know how she is.” Dean likes how Benny calls him brother. Maybe when his actual brother is born out of ma’s tummy, he’ll call him brother.
“Or maybe not.” Balthazar interrupted.
Castiel hadn’t meant to ease drop, really, but when two women were talking, anyone could listen in. Especially with how animated Mary Winchester is.
Dean Winchester wears panties.
to be pa. Uncle Bobby came in first, his frayed faded blue cap hanging from his hand. His hand was covered in greasy car oil. They musta’ just came from the auto shop.
Dean’s legs are sleepy after sitting for so long and they aren’t even going straight home! He has to go to whatever ‘sunday school’ even is. He's been going for like two months and he still doesn’t get it.. Dean doesn’t mind all that much though because he sits right next to Lisa in it.
The very concept of said doses existing is controversial.
Dean could be good, he could be the goodest out there! Gooder than Jo and gooder than all the other superheroes Cas has met before!
“Aha.. something like that.”
Oh, hell no. Last time Castiel had indulged- the last time he’d thought it was okay to get a little wasted, some red-headed religious chick had enjoyed the full ‘Castiel Experience”
He willed his boner down until he heard footsteps patter up the stairs.
“How would you know any better?” asked Castiel, genuinely curious as to why the hell Zar would know
CRAP!
A jaw cracking yawn erupted from her chapped lips. "Okkkkay, himbo. Chill. I'm doing it."
“Aren’t you?”
He didn’t say this out loud.
A genuine smile twitched at his lips and a quiet, almost whisper of satisfaction brushed against Castiel’s soul. His boy, Dean, bathed himself because Castiel asked him to. He went against his every instinct and followed through on his order.The obedience in that very action lit a flame beneath his heart and he had to forcibly bite the inside of his cheek to prevent himself from outright grinning.
Based on what he knows about all of that stuff.. He thinks he should be a rocket mechanic model. Is that a thing? Even if it's not, he could be the first to make it a thing! He could fix rockets while wearing pretty panties and nobody could pants him because he’ll be everyone’s boss! But he also wants to work wherever his best friends are going to work.
“I never said that-”
Lisa liked calling him bad and nice names. Dean really liked the nice names but the bad names made him feel like she was gonna leave him for Nick.
“I do recall-”
As they made their way across the parking lot to his Continental, Castiel sipped absentmindedly at the frozen lemonade. Fuck, Zar was right. That was delicious. Refreshing yet not annoyingly cloying, as sugary beverages usually are. Surprise lifted his eyebrows and caused a proud huff to puff out of Zar's pursed lips. "You act as though I've no taste! I wouldn't lead you to the wolves!"
Dean shrugged and stood up, looking for some pants to put on (ones without potato salad). He still had to get dressed, maybe in something Cas liked? He could feel Charlie’s eyes on him as he grabbed some baby blue jeans and a gray  long sleeved shirt. It might be a lil’ chilly right now n’ he doesn’t want his ma to have a heart attack over it.
He grabbed onto the ban..banister, and hopped downstairs. One time he slid down the banister and he hurt his ankle really bad so he doesn’t do that no more. Ma had drove him to the ER but pa said he should just walk it off. He was kinda confused why his healing powers weren't working but whatever.
“Alright, all the sides are pretty much ready. Charlie, take the potato salad out of the fridge and set it outside.
“Hurry up, idiot. Some of us aren’t perspiring buffoons.” spat a really annoying voice behind Dean.
“Are you sure? I don’t min-”
Castiel didn’t know he’d be dying this morning.
What'd you guys think about Dean's first kiss? Castiel's self restraint is being ran thinner than thread at this point, I'm sure. I know the perfect event that'll definitely push him that last inch and finally.. spoilers!
Tentatively picking up an article of clothing, a pair of bell bottomed pants, completely blanketed in cheetah print. Apart from the horrific design, the actual size of the pants seemed to be roughly similar to his own leg shape. Castiel was not ignorant, he knew, as many of his previous lovers knew, that his thighs were large enough to (potentially) crack skulls.
Dean loves blueberry slushies, especially with cherry mixed in.
Mind distracted with the temporary bliss of an empty bladder, he thought back to the really tall, weird guy’s face. Dean was always told not to talk to strangers but he couldn’t be all that bad if he looked like action heroes, right? A slow grin stretched over his small face, dimpling his cheeks. He had cool, big muscles like iron man and a big neck like Captain america! Dean really liked super heroes. Dean wanted to be a superhero when he grew up.
Daphne often nagged at him about broken objects in their old house: loud hinges, broken pipes, the usual nuisances. She’d always scolded his lack of skill but she’d always said it all fondly. He misses her.
“-my name isn’t ‘man’.”
A buzz-buzz comes from on his blue table-desk. He walks over to it and picks up his phone. Yes, a phone! He was so excited when he got it! He doesn’t really need it, since he can always just use his powers to talk to Benny and Charlie in their heads but..having a phone is fun too! He has a lot of cool games, like..like subway surfers (even though the fat policeman always catches him), temple run (stupid monkey), and piano tiles! Dean likes piano tiles. He uses his super speed powers to get really high scores even though sometimes it doesn’t work.
“Sorry. My uh.. Moondoor language is a lot more crude than your english language. I forget to censor myself.” Charles smiled nervously, her left arm scratching her neck. She knew how to get out of a tight spot. Sometimes Dean thinks that she’s secretly a spy sent to his school (and house) to gather information on his secret powers. It would explain her convincing..ness! After all.. Who could stay mad at a face like that?
-Mitski
Oh, well. Maybe it's a superhero thing. That’d be so so cool! If he could have more things in common with Cas then maybe he’ll take Dean to his work job. He bets his work is really important and without it the world would prolly shrivel up and die! Cas is really heroic like that. No wonder Mrs. Kelly wants ta’ hang with him.
“You are a weird one, aren’t you?” John’s hard brown eyes narrowed with a suspicious furrow.
3. Just how fucked he truly was.
"Going the virgin's route, I see? Tsk tsk. Alright, well let's go. I'll just have to figure out who you wish to court later on. We must attend the mall and get you something not
Oh, it’d be Castiel’s worst nightmare and best wet dream.
He dropped the umbrella and stared up into his eyes. They’re really blue. Now that he thinks about it, Benny’s eyes are totally different. Benny’s eyes look sorta blue, a little white-ish, but this guy’s eyes look like..like the ocean and..blueberry slushie.
Dean started picking out the forks and spoons from the dishwasher and put them in the drawers they belong in. They only use plastic utensils for barbecues so these can go away. Same thing with plates. He reached to a higher cabinet on his tippy toes and snagged the plastic plates. Pink butterflies threaded with green ribbon lay scattered across the plate border. He really liked the butterflies, but boys weren’t supposed to like that stuff, so he just slid the plates onto the counter without showing how much he liked them.
Closing his eyes and allowing his shoulders to slump, he felt a slight buzz layer over his already relaxed thoughts. This was nice. He’d been worried about coming, feeling as though something terrible would happen. He has always had a gut feeling about certain things in the past, and they’d usually come true. Call it instincts, call it magic. Whatever.
It was a sweet photo, but not what he was looking for.
As he headed to his unmistakable doom, he couldn’t help but scent the slightest bit of.. Is that? Cigar smoke?
“..We were desperate.” Mary slumped against the machine and took the suits from Linda. Disappointment was written all over her face and posture. Things weren’t going alright for the Winchester family. What a shame.
Balthazar dumped a plethora of quarters and snacks onto their chosen washing machine and grinned politely at Mary. “Cassie and I are being domestic house wives! Mary, we need tips!” He joked. The playful jab at her lack of employment didn't sadden or upset her at all, if anything, she smiled wider and laughed louder.
“Whaddya mean?” asked Dean.
Shuffling into the kitchen with his mind on how other third graders feel about their own girlfriends, he saw pa first. Pa sat at the round, glossy wooden table, hunched over a newspaper and a mug next to his hairy fist. "This is bullshit!" grumbled a frustrated pa, balling up the newspaper and staring angrily into his luke warm coffee.
That's the first time he thought of Lisa that way without feelin’ real sad after. He lifted himself onto his tippy toes and reached for the box of Strawberry capri suns. They only got it ‘cause these are the only ones ma lets Dean have. One bad word from his doctor and his ma friggin’ ruined his..his.. Diet! And he's been noticing it too! She’s been tryin’ hard to sneak greenery into his food.
That's more like it.
Zar should be arrested for even proposing these damn pants.
“There is no way I’m believing that shit.”
A shallow gulp and mute nod was met to Castiel's empty threat.
“Meg, I’m not interested in opossums. Nor have I-” his voice incrementally raised just a tad bit, “participated in sexual intercourse with one. I am strictly attracted to humans.”
“Sweetheart? I could use a little help, you know. I’m not as spry as I used to be.” Ma said, upper half in the oven as she maneuvered a casserole on the middle rack. One of Dean’s favorite Casseroles!! Winchester Surprise! One time, he tried to make it with pa when ma was in the hospital (she broke her ankle doin’ somethin’) with bologna and sliced cheese but it wasn’t no where near the same. And he's pretty sure pa burnt it, it wasn’t
decades (a woman’s age is always a secret!) they go back but it's just enough to solidify a relationship for life.
The bartender, which is Meg (Their neighbor Meg, which Zar failed to mention), has been chatting him up while refilling his whiskey on the rocks. Whether or not her company is simply placating him or for her genuine enjoyment, he is glad to have it, as it makes him seem a little less awkward sitting alone.
Ms. Moore told Dean that Nick gets really really bad grades in god school and normal school because he's always busy being mean all the time. Good! That's what he gets! Lisa wouldn’t get with a dumb dumb like ‘Nickie-poo’ anyway.
Balthazar agreed on just being ‘friends’, although quite frankly, Castiel would’ve been glad with the distraction of an office romance. Anything to keep his mind off of Dean. He told zar (he insisted on the nickname, though Castiel isn’t sure how he feels about it) that he was experiencing a ‘forbidden’ crush on someone. He tried to guess, naming a huge list of both women and men before giving up with someone named “April Kelly”?
People began to leave the BBQ in a panic and closer friends stayed behind to help out. Mary Winchester lay exhausted on the grass bed, yellow sundress now ashy gray, white flats grass stained and burnt. “Need a h..hospital. Need it bad, John.”
Sigh.
He looked like he was looking at something scary, but Dean wasn’t scary? I mean, he
“Yes, I-” Her coffee brown eyes settled on her reflection in his sunglasses.
A cold sweat covered his back as he dashed away from the basement entrance and upstairs, wet feet gripping the carpet and aiding in his escape. He looked outside of his bedroom window, frantic blue eyes darting around his front yard until they confirmed what he’d already been dreading. John Winchester, in all of his muscled glory, stood tall and unyielding on his front porch. Arms crossed and chin tilted upwards, he looked righteous, in the most terrifying way possible.
Kicking off his spiderman pants and waddling over to his clothes drawer, he decided he's gonna ask him lotsa questions. About being a superhero, about why he's a hidden superhero, about how he met mrs kelly and why she's so mean and how come he doesn’t have any kids?
is mean like Bela.
Almost sickeningly so.
The quilt seems to have survived the flooding, despite it’s soggy exterior. He wishes he could say the same for his work shirts. Checking the watch strapped to his wrist, he glared at the little time he had to book it to his job. Could his Continental even ‘book’ anywhere? Perhaps Balthazar had been right, maybe it's time to look into a new car.
Batman’s dunna dunna dunna theme song made Dean look around for his phone. Did Charlie text him? She said she would but he wasn’t sure. She was the one who put that as his message noise. Wait, wait! He knew this word. Notiiifiica..notificate? No, that wasn’t right. Dean’s bottom lip slipped out, pouting at his own dumbness. He knew this one! Lisa wouldn’t think he was a smart guy and she’d be with Nick forever!
Mary and John had gone. It’d been maybe 15 minutes since the entire fiasco and Castiel was trailing Dean inside of his own house. Dean was covered in ash, dirt smudged on his buttoned nose and freckles less prominent than usual. He was dirty. Very dirty.
And then the grill fell over.
He accidentally nipped at her upper lip and he could’ve sworn she was gonna snap at him like she does all the time, but she hummed happily. She liked that? Lisa’s skinny hand rested on his upper thigh and his eyebrows raised really high on his forehead! Lisa wants to do more? What is there more to do? She wants to..to..-
Dean wasn’t a
“Alright, alright. I’ll drop it, missy. But if you think I’m going to let that sort of language go on from now on, you are sorely mistaken!”
“You know Mary?”
It made Dean’s tummy squeeze the wrong way.
Heart and groin.
“Mhm, sure.” hummed Nick Monroe, the boy who constantly tried to steal Lisa’s gaze.
himself, god damnit.
Right. Their boss.
He keeps repeating that as he carefully treads into at least three inches of soapy water.
“He was being weird running through church earlier!”
Squeezing his eyes shut, Castiel dug into the pile and pulled out a random shirt. What were the chances that the shirt would be any worse? A red cossack shirt hung limp from his shaking fingers. No,
Sometimes Charlie says Lisa is mean like Bela but
Castiel grabbed his suit jacket and slipped it on over his black button up and navy tie. He was going to work for eight hours ignoring the desirable critter mere yards away from where he stands just now. He could have his cock floating in Dean’s saliva for hours on end, until his gag reflex is all but demolished. Bury his sizable penis (Castiel isn’t stupid, he knows hes well endowed) deep into his little mouth until the thick tip has rubbed mercilessly at Dean’s skinny unused throat. Poor sweetheart wouldn’t be able to talk for days.
She could see small pieces of Cole playing over Bella’s face as she waited for an answer. She also has April’s patience, too. Great.
Even Lisa’s soft snickers could be heard amongst his classmates’ jabs at the nickname. Dean felt his face alight with embarrassment, as if set on fire. Jess’ smile softened and she ruffled his hair, the gel having dried sometime during the actual service. The class slowly quieted and Jess strode in front of the chalkboard.
“Love your home.. It's got ..character.” The bullshit tone was damn near aggravating as April swayed her hips behind Mary. Could she have been any more obvious about how much she definitely did not give a shit about her home? Or maybe she did give a shit. Such a big shit about it that she invested loads of sarcasm into six small words.
Was Castiel seeing all red? No.
to Mrs. Kelly, but ma says lotsa bad things about her. And ma never talks like that about anyone unless they’re like..evil. Like the worst person on earth.
“Wanna bet?”
Ma always tells him that he's really .. fortunate, and that a lot of kids don't have the stuff he has. Some kids don't even have food or water, she says. Kids in like ..uh..far away. Not far like Disneyland far but far like a whole country away far. Ma took Dean to Disneyland for his first date with Lisa. Lisa really liked going on the rides and he thinks that's why she wanted to date him.
“Trouble in paradise?” said a British accent, voice nasal and cold.
“And he was a sweaty ape in front of the doors this morning too!”
May her beautiful soul rest in peace, but Castiel has
This was good. This was what it meant to be free.
The air felt heavier with the obvious rejection already in the air. They weren’t going out for lunch, despite Zar’s begging to check out some fancy restaurant across town. He sincerely
"..Save some for me." She uncrossed her arms and dramatically turned away from him and covered her eyes. "Gee! I sure didn't see one Dean Winchester with chocolate chip cookies!" Her voice was real squeaky, how it usually gets when she lies. And her eyes dart around a lot. She's not that good of a liar.
"Oh, you've fucked up now. Rubes is like a hellhound when it comes to gossip. Your little crush will be revealed before you can say ‘anal’” Meg said, shaking her head in false disappointment, which at closer inspection, was just amusement. Meg wound an arm around Ruby’s thin waist and twirled strands of her limp blonde hair around her fingers. Castiel is quickly realizing that both Meg and Ruby are very prone to PDA.
Castiel didn't care if he was being irrational. Mornings were awful.
The smell of sweet apple filling made Dean’s nose twitch and he started drooling again.
“But aren’t you an accountant?”
“Did you..make this yourself?” Mary stopped and looked behind her, spying on the president of the PTA handling the handmade quilt Mary knitted for Dean when he’d first been born. And, okay, maybe Mary wasn’t the best knitter. Maybe she should have taken a few more classes before hitting the needles, but for fuck’s sake! She was about to burst with a huge baby bump, similar to how she is now, and she wanted memories.
“Yes, well, the adults are trying to talk.” Kelly seemed determined to have a conversation about last night, which Castiel was dreading (doesn’t this chick know what one night stand means?) but he also had to admit that the faster he got that god forsaken silicone cock ring off of his wrist, the better.
he was. Nodding at Zar to continue (and hopefully end) his neverending monologuing, he diligently searched for the bar he had mentioned.
Eyes like smoky, green fire. Not the right shade of green, not the right tint, but it was decent. Not blonde, no, that’d be too perfect, but red. Red, tawny hair framed her long face. No freckles, no pink lips. Subtle frustration brewed at the differences, too many, not enough, he wasn’t fucking sure. A syrupy sweet smile replaced the inquiring purse of her lips as she leaned closer to him, her soft breasts pressing into his right arm.
“There we go, one Castiel Novak. Twenty-eight and ..wow. Widower. Okay. Accountant, likes bees. No pets.” Charlie began listing facts about Cas and Dean immediately stood by her side, soaking it all in, like a sponge. Dean wasn’t sure what a widower was but maybe Charlie would tell him what that meant when she was done looking over Cas’ FaceBook page.
They were driving home, although if Castiel had balls of steel, he would’ve told Zar to fuck off and walk home himself.
Clouds stared down at Dean. Messily painted onto the sky blue popcorn ceiling and spread sparse around the room. Warmth blanketed over his spiderman pajamas through the open curtains. The comfort makes his toes wiggle, a pins and needles sensation poking at the arch of his feet. Dean loves the mornings.
“Yeah, anyhow, are the suits ready? John’s and Dean’s?”
Does Cas eat with his family? Dean hasn't seen any kids over there so maybe he doesn't have a family?
Can something be nostalgic if its not a good memory? He’ll have t’ ask Cas that later.
He looks down at his pants. Spiderman isn’t his
The beginnings of a migraine stoked the already irritated fire at the base of Castiel's skull. How did he obtain the tolerance and, mind you,
"Castiel, dear friend, I come bearing gifts!" Zar sang his entrance with the sashay of two paper bags with an animated boy's face on it. "I nearly had to wrestle an old woman for the last pretzel bites. You owe me, Cassie."
made Castiel want to barrel out of the fitting room door and run for salvation. Whatever salvation would be able to look him in the eye whilst wearing such humiliating attire.
Missouri’s rich chuckling and Patience’s soft giggles drained all of the bad feelings out of Dean and he grinned wide. “Mary, you know your little Dean is an adventurer! Believe me, Castiel will understand. I’ve met him, with balthazar in tow. He managed to resist his ‘seduction’” replied Missouri.
