As he turned, his eyes caught glimpse window washer's pulley hanging outside one of the open windows. Leaving Mrs Thompson clutching at her head, Sherlock sprinted towards the window and onto the empty pulley with an efortless jump.
Another thing he should have remembered is that horse-riding, although outwardly impressive, is extremely uncomfortable. The beast had been steadily climbing up the snow covered hill for what felt like a century, each heavy step jostling Sherlock in his saddle and wreaking havoc on his lower back.
Billy ignored the jibe “Take it, you’ll see. The first one’s on me.” With that, he got up slowly and began his careful descent back to the edge of the roof. “Come see me if you want to buy some more, afterwards.”
“Until then, we’ll lock the gates.” the King added, already developing a plan. “We’ll reduce the staff and limit Mycroft’s contact with other people. We’ll keep his powers hidden from everyone, even from Sherlock.”
Sherlock made a mental note to take any cases, however small, that would require spending one or more nights outside of London. Well, at least anything over a 4 - he did have standards.
Mycroft tried to maneuver around them, only to step in front of a young woman, who eyed him with concern. “Your Majesty, what’s wrong?” she asked, holding a swaddled baby that gurgled happily at the sight of Mycroft’s face.
Harry, provided with twice the number of legs as John, had no trouble navigating the slippery rocks. John had to grab her by the hair on her neck to keep her from charging forward into the unknown.
A moment passed before he heard John’s voice again. “Sherlock! Can you hear- agh! Are you trying to kill me?!”
Sherlock took a small sip of his own wine and rested his forearms on the wooden railing. He had led Jim through several service corridors until they had reached a narrow balcony overlooking the crowded ballroom. It was an exceptional spot to observe the activity going down below, while being obscured by the heavy burgundy tapestry and dim candlelight.
John adjusted his scarf tightly around his neck as he walked down the cabin steps and into the storm. The wind met him with full force and he had to widen his stance to avoid being knocked over. The snowstorm had worsened while he had been inside, John noticed with a pang of guilt. He threw his bag over his shoulder and made his way forward, to where he had left Harry guarding their sledge.
Sherlock was the first to speak. “I, uh, I’m sorry about your sledge. I’ll replace it and everything that was in it.”
Sherlock rubbed his tired eyes with both hands, mindful of the bandage John had applied over his temple. He took a long, weary sigh before explaining. “Yes, but then we got into an argument and things got a little out of hand. Long story short, the King summoned this snowstorm using his magical powers and ran off into the mountains.” he paused for effect but John didn’t react to the mention of the King's magic abilities. Slightly disappointed, Sherlock grabbed his mug and continued, “I’m the one who upset him, and I’m the only one who can bring him back. I’ve deduced that if I can find the source of the storm, I’ll find my brother.”
At eleven-years-old, Sherlock had read almost half of all the books in the Palace library. As he grew, so did his thirst for knowledge. He devoured every available tome on Chemistry, Biology and Geology and squirreled away every bit of new knowledge in his prodigious memory.
Sherlock took a moment to observe the man in front of him. Despite his questionable company, Lestrade demonstrated no signs of deception or dishonesty. His eyes gleamed with a clear, focused intent on pursuing the truth. Sherlock realized he had found another ally - although his usefulness was yet to be determined.
He jumped back down when he saw an exasperated Mrs Thompson rushing in to tell him off. Grabbing her by the shoulders, he made her twirl around with him.
“Oh, come on, I told you about my fight with Mycroft,” the prince all but whined as the ice harvester approached. “I tell you mine; you tell me yours. Isn’t that how it works?”
“Mycroft, no! You can’t do this!” he pleaded, reaching for his brother and grabbing his gloved hand.
The prince felt his heart lighten with hope. It made so much sense… He let his father slip the gloves onto his hands, mesmerised.
He felt his heartbeat hammer in his ears and sweat pool on his brow as he dangled from the roof. Not to be deterred, Sherlock decided to swing his legs back and forth, gaining enough momentum to push his feet against the Palace wall. Slowly but steadily, he was able to take enough steps upwards to push, first his elbows and then his torso, over the roof. From there it was easy work to push one leg up and then the other.
“‘Good’? That’s all you have to say? You really don’t care, do you?! You-” Sherlock yelled, feeling his cheeks heat up.
Their gazes held again as the princes tried to regain control over their breathing. This time, it was Jim who broke the moment, flopping down gracelessly on the roof’s ridge.
Fans of the movie will notice that I've fiddled with the lyrics to "The Frozen Heart". Just imagine what I'll do with the rest of the songs ;)
For all his interest in specific areas of knowledge, he rejected others with a passion. He scoffed at the Politics section of the library, ignored the books on Economics and turned his nose on all fiction that did not include at least one good murder mystery (or, barring that, gripping high-sea adventures).
“What about me?” Sherlock put down his fork. This conversation was making his stomach feel heavy and he didn’t feel like eating anymore.
A little chapter to tide you over until I finish the next bit. Please enjoy! Comments and kudos are love!
I always had a bit of an issue with this first scene with the trolls... Firstly, I wanted to give John's backstory a little more context than just "Hey, you're cute, you're mine now". Secondly, I really didn't like how the King and Queen handled Elsa's powers. Mine have some problems between them and although they want to the best for their children, they don't go about it the best way... I wanted to explore this for a bit, so this is where we're taking a darker turn.
, he thought bitterly, and what an idiot Sherlock was to believe in him. The bloody drug was useless...
“I’m keeping an eye on you to make sure you won’t leave without me,” the prince declared matter-of-factly as Harry kneeled down and rested her heavy head on the prince’s unwelcoming lap.
His latest lap of the room took him by a row of magnificent oil paintings of the previous kings of Londondalle on their coronation day. Mycroft walked carefully towards the last one of the row, where his father stood proud, golden crown on his head and holding the royal orb and scepter, symbols of his new power. Mycroft’s eyes remained on his father’s hands. Despite all of his regalia, his father had followed the long standing tradition for the newly appointed monarch to hold the orb and scepter with their bare hands. Mycroft shuddered at the thought of having to divest himself of his gloves. As flimsy a barrier as they were, the gloves helped him control his powers most of the time. He remembered the day his father had given him his first pair, and how relieved he was with the temporary remedy. Mycroft looked at his father’s expressionless gaze and wished yet again for his steady guidance.
The prince took a deep breath, enjoying how the cold wind played with his curls and the bright sunshine burned his cheeks. He would have even admitted to be enjoying himself if not for the awkward silence sitting between him and John.
"I’ll find Mycroft and bring him back. He’ll make things right," he told the group with more confidence than he actually felt.
Despite his protests, Sherlock felt John tugging on the rope before it became taut with the other man’s weight. The prince planted his feet wide apart and pulled as hard as he could. The rough rope bit into his gloved hands as he strained against John’s weight, but his job suddenly became much easier when Harry bit down on his end of the rope and began pulling as well.
“Oh, you’ve solved it?” he asked in a disinterested tone. His glacial eyes quickly scanned his brother’s frame before he plastered a diplomatic smile on his face.
“You need to start waking up earlier, Johnny.” Bill admonished around a mouth full of porridge. “We kept you here after your dad buggered off to God knows where, but you need to earn your keep.”
Hey, I'm back! My apologies for the long hiatus, but work has been hectic in this post-confinement times. Here is another chapter, beta-ed by the lovely CamillaCarmine <3. Please enjoy!
“I put Mrs Thompson in charge. I simply can’t spare the time for it,” the older brother raised a hand in fabricated frustration.
“Good morning, Mummy.” Sherlock greeted the Queen and kissed her offered cheek. He found the same dark shadows under his mother’s eyes, but unlike Mrs Turner, the Queen looked happy to see him.
The king paused for a moment to regain his breath and look around him. A quick survey of the terrain was sufficient to conclude he was currently near the summit of Whitehall Mountain, one of Londondalle’s most inhospitable landmarks. From his vantage point, he could see the snowy peaks of the lesser mountains all around him, breaking through the sea of grey storm clouds below and stretching upwards towards the clear night sky. The moon shone brightly at this altitude, a bone-white disc that took a yellow hue as the night wore off. Far in the east, dawn’s faint pink fingers were starting to push against the dark horizon. A new day arising.
Sherlock pushed his back against the door, closing it with a slam. He heaved a great sigh and rested his head against the wood, unable to slide down into a sitting position for the stiffness of his legs.
“Almost enucleated me, I’d say...” John huffed and inspected the handkerchief. Apparently satisfied, he folded it carefully and put it in his trouser pocket. “But that’s a good thing, isn’t it?” he continued.
The post is a more or less straightforward description of the episode, so I won’t go into much detail about it.
The younger guard nodded his understanding and ran out to find the King and Queen. He had heard that the prince heir had some sort of power over the elements, but never would he imagine that the boy could transform an entire ballroom into a winter landscape.
He was the Crown Prince, soon to be King of Londondalle. His duty was more important than his fears. He would stand tall and fulfill his destiny.
“Then I told Agnes, I said,” Danny halted his story to take another hearty bite of fish, “I said, ‘I was talking to a customer at the shop, that’s why I’m home late!’, and she said ‘If you like your customers so much, see if they’ll cook your dinner, because I’m going to my mother’s!’” The audience erupted in laughter. Danny was a natural storyteller and his romantic misadventures were a favourite among the ice harvesters.
"This adventure isn't much fun," he grumbled as he felt something oozing slowly from his throbbing forehead and congealing over his left eyebrow. Perhaps he could stop, if only for a moment. Maybe if he just stood there, his body would become stiff like a toy soldier and then a big hand would descend from the sky, pick him up and put him away in the toy box, safe from the cold.
Look at how John describes the showdown between Sherlock and Moriarty. Sherlock and Moriarty, polar opposites, but very much alike. Each one with their own assistant, their John Watson (
“At least you could have picked a nicer place,” John grumbled as he took out their bags from the boot.
Sherlock twisted away from the curtain and made his way to the cabinet in what he hoped was a confident swagger. As soon as he got there, he rested an elbow against the cabinet like someone in casual conversation with the skulls inside.
“But why does it happen?” John pressed. Was it because you were out in the cold for too long? How could it work if it was frozen? Would it melt again? Or would it just dry up and fall off like Paul’s ears?
When he realized that Ella was still waiting for him to introduce himself, John stood up and shook her stony hand. It was surprisingly warm to his touch.
“Well, now that you’ve mentioned it…” the window washer began, “I’ve got something 'ere that might make it a bit easier on you.” He reached for something in his pocket and presented it to the prince. He opened his hand to reveal a small glass bottle.
As a man of science, he knows that you shouldn’t make any conclusions before testing all the hypothesis. Especially not in a moment such as this, where everything lies in the balance.
Sherlock turned gingerly on his right side and waited for his vision to adapt to the darkened room. Slowly, he started to discern the contour of John’s sleeping form, laying on his back and breathing softly. Then, his eyes showed him the finer details of his expression. His furrowed brow, his closed lips, his small hands, neatly folded on his stomach.
". Even Mycroft would ignore him most of the little time they spent together. He refused any invitation to play with downcast eyes and a mumbled excuse, and any attempt to get his attention at meal time (by means of increasingly more offensive taunts or flung objects) usually ended in Sherlock being grounded to his room.
“Maybe you could tell me why you kept the gates closed for so long. It’s so strange, isn’t it?” Anderson asked, but quickly backtracked, raising his free hand in apology. “I’m sorry, perhaps you don’t realize that, but everyone is commenting on how strange that is…”
As he made his way laboriously onwards, a distant part of his mind recalled the image of his old toy soldiers, happily wobbling on stiff wooden legs as his own little hand pushed them towards a fantastic adventure of his own making.
His brows smoothed when an idea came into his mind. He walked towards a nearby window, closed against the cold spring night.
“John, stop! Over there!” Sherlock cried out, grabbing John’s wrist for good measure. To his benefit, the ice harvester immediately pulled on the reins to stop the sledge precisely under the right tree.
He was angry, he realized. He had been too much of an idiot to realize the monumental secret that his brother had been keeping from him, and Mycroft had been an even bigger idiot for not taking Sherlock into his confidence. And like the pair of legendary idiots that they were they had put themselves and the Kingdom in danger.
John’s eyes flashed with surprise before he scoffed derisively, “Oh my, and you got all of that from spending a day with him? Might we expect a happy announcement by the end of the week?” he mocked, turning his attention back to the path ahead.
In an ultimate act of division, Mycroft stomped his foot down and from under it a gigantic snowflake was formed, slowly spreading its branches across the snow.
Jim’s eyes widened at the revelation. “Prince Sherlock! Oh, your Highness, what an honour!” Jim bowed again, but this time kept his gaze fixed on the ground.
It didn’t take long for Sherlock to spot the people he was looking for. On one of the larger streets stemming from the town square, he spotted the pickpocket, with his hands behind his back, being taken away by the guards. One of the guards had stayed behind, talking to the blond boy. The strange reindeer was standing close behind the boy, nodding at them like it could understand what they were saying. A few moments later the boy and the guard shook hands and parted ways.
“Deal.” Nodding once, the prince closed the door firmly against the storm and marched inside, plopping down on the haystack next to John.
For his part, Sherlock kept to the sanctuary of his room, only leaving occasionally to roam the empty halls, when the darkness of the night would combine with his drugged perception and make the furniture glow and dance to a wonderful tune in his mind.
They had a couple of pints with their dinner and finished it off with a tumbler of passable whiskey. As they walked back to the inn, John was already yawning loudly and Sherlock had to admit he could feel the pull of sleep after a satiating meal. But he mustn’t succumb to the temptation! He had to make the most of this priceless opportunity to advance his study.
“Uh, nothing… Just, go back to sleep, it’s nothing,” Sherlock answered quickly, waving his hand in dismissal.
The younger brother sat back on his boat with a huff. “Never mind Mr Cranky, Redbeard.” He patted his cylinder-shaped crew mate where his shoulder should have been.
Jim shrugged his shoulders in reply. He kept his hold on Sherlock's hand and ran up the roof, pulling his taller friend after him.
He could feel the cold tendrils of hopelessness curling around his heart and constricting his chest.
And Sherlock may find this unacceptable, but not for the reasons we find this unacceptable. We know why this is a wrong path, we want to see Sherlock in a place where his mind and his emotions live harmoniously and where John can break from his emotional repression and his guilt. We want the story to take the step forward and break away from 1895.
“Next thing I know, I was all alone in the mountain, next to a wonderful ice castle. Oh, you should see it, Sherlock. The most wonderful piece of real estate ever built! Such a magnificent frontage, south-facing, lots of light. I tried to take a peek inside, but all the doors and windows were closed. Pity… I was willing to make an offer for it,” she lamented. “So, I walked down the mountain to see if I could find any other buildings for sale…”
A particularly vigorous snore shook the detective from his thoughts. Still asleep, John sniffed and scratched his nose and once again began snoring in earnest.
one of the nurses had commented when she first met the newborn prince. She was relieved of her duties the next day.
The woman and the boy hid behind the man with a terrified cry, while the man relaxed his stance, like he was expecting this incredible outcome. One of the rock people approached the man and bowed deeply. He said something John couldn't make out and the man answered in the same hushed tone.
There isn’t much to say about this one. It was posted two days after the events of ASIP and John mentions he is still writing up the case for the blog. He decides to make a post because Sherlock has received a secret message on his own website
His mother clenched her jaw and took a deep breath before arguing, “I just told you, he’ll have different lessons, you’ll get distracted if-”
“Can I say something crazy?” he asked Sherlock, not waiting for an answer, either. “Will you move in with me? We can be partners! Fight crime together!”
“No!" Sherlock let his eagerness show for a second before he reminded himself to sound nonchalant, “I'll give it a look, see what I can do.”
“Detectives again?” Mycroft kneeled beside his brother and took a pair of gloves from the pocket of his robe. He offered them to Sherlock who quickly put them on his reddening hands.
Wide eyed, Mycroft took a tentative step forward and, sure enough, the water froze under his foot, forming a solid surface for him to step on.
“What was that all about, anyway?” John’s voice snapped him out of his daydream. “That purple blanket back there,” he added when Sherlock continued to look blankly at him.
Mrs Hudson’s smile returned at the realization. “Oh… He’s a fine-looking one, Sherlock! Nicely done!” she cooed, elbowing Sherlock’s leg for good measure.
John quickly looked around to see if any of the men had noticed his accomplishment, but all of them were fixed on their own dangerous task. They kept singing the old melody.
Billy coughed awkwardly. “I’m sorry to wake you up, your princeness. But what are you doing up here? You are the prince, right? The younger one?” he asked again.
“You, a royal prince, were going to move in with someone you just met?! And you wonder why your brother was upset?” John’s voice grew louder by the second as he turned fully in his seat.
The prince remained on the rooftop for a few more minutes, contemplating the endless expanse of ocean before him. The sky was clear blue and the sea was calm. A cool breeze caressed his face and played with his curls. From his vantage point he could see a scattering of little fishing boats and larger sailboats beyond the bay, taking advantage of the mild autumn weather.
Sleep had been hard to find the previous night. After tossing and turning in his bed for a couple of hours, Sherlock had decided to give up and use his time in a more productive manner. He  had taken his latest cold case and spread the documents all over the floor, willing himself to focus on the data before him and not on the possibilities of the day ahead. He had fallen asleep over the paperwork well after three in the morning, judging by the creases on his pajamas.
“Yes, sir, beggin’ your pardon, sir. His liver quit on ’im ten years ago and he left us and my mum to fend for ourselves...” Billy trailed off.
“Thanks”, the ice harvester mumbled, taking the handkerchief and dabbing tentatively at the welt over his eyebrow. “We match now,” he quipped, pointing to Sherlock’s bruised forehead.
With practiced ease, he climbed down the roof and jumped through his bedroom window onto the floor. A few long strides had him walking down the hallway towards his parents’ bedroom. He maneuvered gracefully around the few footmen that carried several items of luggage down the corridor. Out of habit, his steps slowed by Mycroft’s door, but did not stop.
The troll touched his hand to Sherlock’s forehead and closed his eyes, concentrating deeply. After a few seconds of tense silence, his expression relaxed and he opened his eyes again, smiling at the unconscious boy.
Inspired by the rehearsing orchestra, the prince leaned dramatically against a wall to continue his song.
“For God’s sake, what?!” he yelled as he surfaced from under the bedcovers. He almost fell from the bed when he realized that there was a dark figure standing by his window. On the outside.
Sherlock’s attention became laser focused on the man before him. This accidental encounter could be the key to unlock the biggest mystery of his life. Billy shuffled uncomfortably under the prince’s intense gaze.
Only the moon remained unchanged, Sherlock noticed, as he looked up at the window before him. It hung stubbornly ivory white and cold, no matter how much Sherlock stared at it. He shrugged clumsily against a pang of disappointment. There were other things to entertain him, now.
),  pleased to be meeting face to face, absorbed in their game. And John, a pawn, feeling like a disposable asset.
This is a slightly darker take on Frozen I, as would befit a Sherlock AU. It's still funny (I hope) and people will still break into song for no good reason.
Lestrade held up his hands placatingly, making sure the prince wouldn’t come any closer to his Ambassador.
“There is great beauty in your magic. But also great danger.” The icy swirls suddenly grew sharp points that struck the crowd, freezing the ones they pierced. The people that remained turned on the young man and attacked him. Mycroft screamed in terror and hid his face in his father’s cloak. The images disappeared into the air.
Before he knew it, John and Harry were wrapped in a tight, stony hug. John felt a dull pain blossoming in his chest, like a numb limb waking up.
Feeling cornered, the king took a step back and clutched his naked hand against his chest, eyes roaming wildly for an escape route. Mycroft’s panic mounted when he realized he was slowly being surrounded by the curious townspeople, eager to see their new king.
The name Powers rang a bell deep within Sherlock’s ransacked Mind Palace. He sat still and closed his eyes, trying to chase the ringing back into his memory. He searched for a few moments amid the chaos until he retrieved the desired information.
“Can I say something crazy?” Sherlock asked, forcing an air of lightness to his tone. Instead of waiting for an answer, he broke into a cheerful melody.
His mother put down her silverware as well. “You will still sleep in the nursery, and Mrs Turner will still be there with you,” she looked pleadingly at the nanny, sitting to Sherlock’s right. Mrs Turner kept her hands folded on her lap and pursed her thin lips tighter.
The Queen broke the silence when they approached the town’s edge. “How are we going to melt the magic?” she asked. “Where are we going?”
Mycroft pushed his sleeves back down with a smug smile. “If you liked that, wait until you see this!”
John might not be a genius, but he is a very intelligent, savvy man. He wasn’t just making small talk at dinner, he knew very well what he was doing - he was testing his hypothesis.
Say what you want about Harry, but you have to admit she is always there to comment enthusiastically on each of her brother’s posts. And she’s a potty mouth, much like her brother (or at least that’s what my headcanon says).
The King put away the box and took his son’s hands in his without hesitating. His brown eyes sparkled with relief when Mycroft’s shoulders relaxed.
The foreign prince kneeled beside them and gagged the suspect with his own handkerchief. After making sure his knots were secure, Jim raised his eager gaze at his friend.
“Get up,” the prince repeated, stepping into the stable. “You’re taking me up the mountains to look for my brother.”
An approving smile grew on his lips when he saw his reflection. He had to admit he cut a rather dashing figure. His black curls fell in calculated disarray over his slim face, with entrancing blue-gray eyes, high cheekbones and full lips. He had regained a bit of weight in the last two months, and although he was still a few pounds too thin, his perfectly tailored suit gave the illusion of elegance instead of malnourishment.
As he came to that conclusion, Sherlock felt Jim’s warm presence by his side. He chanced a look at his friend, who smiled encouragingly back, his hurt feelings apparently forgotten.
Sherlock let out a low chuckle at the faux pas. He threw a leg over the windowsill and climbed out onto the slanted roof with practiced ease.
John’s face bore the smile of someone who doesn’t understand the joke but wants to be part of the merriment anyway. He looked at Harry, who had the same oblivious expression in her eyes. “Your heart frozen too?” Harry looked at John some more, and then licked his nose.
) making a show of selecting a puff pastry from a nearby tray, smiling to himself as if they were in on a private joke.
Harry, having finished her own inspection of the stable, was looking eagerly at John, waiting for her treat.
The man’s features were suddenly clouded by a look of deep embarrassment. “Where are my manners?” he cried out, before bowing deeply in formal introduction. “Prince James, of the Éiren Isles.”
Sherlock let himself be held for a few more seconds before stepping back. “I didn’t think you meant it,” he said, sulkily.
The younger prince stepped onto the snow and promptly kneeled on it. He started pushing the snow around him into a ball with his bare hands. “Let’
The prince could feel his heart hammer in his chest as adrenaline coursed through his system. His mind was clear and focused, ready for action. He turned to his companion and shouted “There’s a total of ten wolves and the alfa couple is closing in from the right. What do we do?”
“No! Nonononono! Come back here!” he cried out, trying to stand up and falling again on his knees when his numb legs refused to obey him.
It was only when he was sitting on his bed again that Sherlock realized that Mycroft's bed was empty.
Sherlock grabbed both of Jim’s wrists and dropped down the balcony. In the next moment, he was dangling six feet from the ground, held only by Jim’s strong grip on his own wrists.
He quickly unbuckled Harry from her harness and fished his bags from the back of the sledge. He then carefully guided the reindeer back to the trading post, but instead of stopping at the front, John took them around the building. Sure enough, he found a modest stable a few yards away from the cabin, with its doors blissfully unlocked.
“That will not be necessary,” the King declared, standing in the doorway. He was still dressed in his day clothes, as he usually worked at his desk well into the night. His calm, measured demeanor was betrayed by his wide eyes and ashen face.
The boy's anguished plea snapped the guards out of their shock and into action. The oldest one instructed his companion. “Go summon their Majesties! Quick!”
Unharmed but much colder, Sherlock resurfaced in a flurry of snow and limbs just in time to catch a glimpse of his mare galloping back down the hill and disappearing into the night.
John eyed him for a second before returning his attention to the path before them. “Partner?” he asked simply.
The prince finally reached the end of the room, dizzy and out of breath. He was grinning wildly at his new friend, returning the skull’s yellow smile. Feeling invigorated by his mad tour of the Palace, Sherlock deposited the skull reverently on a leather armchair, hoping to confuse the next person that wondered in. He winked goodbye at his friend and left for the main hall.
3. Mycroft's ice palace is based on the SIS Building at Vauxhall Cross where Mycroft supposedly has his office.
With a motion of his wrist, the crystal shone its many colours and the image changed. The princes were now dressed in their winter clothes instead of their pajamas. The walls of the ballroom were snow covered trees and the ceiling was a bright cloudless sky. In a moment, the memory was turned into an idyllic picture of the two brothers playing on a snow-white park.
His victory was short lived, though, because the bridge ahead was crowded with more revelers, eyeing him with a mix of awe and suspicion. Above their heads, snow began to fall in soft flakes and some turned their heads upwards, surprised at the rapidly changing weather.
John, who had been fixing the prince with a mesmerised stare, took a few seconds to register that he was supposed to answer the question this time.
Another round of polite applause received the prince as he walked onto the small wooden stage to stand next to his brother.
His gaze stopped on a small group of people, chatting happily with each other. He furrowed his brow in concentration as he observed one particular man in the group.
“Alright,” he conceded, “but we leave in the morning! I won’t put Harry in danger just because you have no sense of self preservation,” he warned, wagging his finger for good measure.
They had already walked out of the Ballroom and into the deserted Main Hall when Jim let go of Sherlock’s arm.
“After much consideration, I’ve decided that my talents would be best put to use in the field of active criminal investigation, instead of rotting away behind the palace’s walls,” he began. “I brought this subject to my brother’s attention it the most effective way possible - by successfully uncovering a secret assassination attempt at his own coronation - Jim helped, of course.”
“Your room is ready, my friend! I put out some warm clothes for you,” he told Sherlock with unmasked pride.
“Alright, fine.” Sherlock threw his hands up in defeat. “We had a disagreement about my choice of career.”
To recognize the relevant factors, one needed to isolate and modulate the experiment’s conditions. In this present circumstance, John had eaten a light dinner of chicken and rice, and had only drank a glass of red wine. He had been displaying no symptoms of illness, although he had been complaining of being overtired, lately. That was why John had insisted they took this case (a mere 5) which forced them to leave London for a few days. “It’s the closest we will ever get to a holiday” he had said. Maybe fatigue was the trigger? No, that was easily disproved.
Anderson scoffed at the idea and downed the rest of the puff pastry. “Nah, Donovan usually takes care of that. I just read it off the paper. What I’m really interested in is establishing useful connections in the countries I’m appointed to.” He looked around before leaning closer to the prince, as if preparing to share a secret. “Knowledge is power, you know?” he whispered.
Jim tipped his head to the side to point Sherlock’s attention to the large woman sitting next to him, who was currently struggling to keep her head upright as she nodded off to sleep. Sherlock had to cough to hide his laughter when the woman’s head dived sideways and landed on Jim’s shoulder. Jim only smiled wider and shrugged in mock defeat.
In both cases, Sherlock is very critical of John’s writing. He argues that the posts should be scientific and analytical in nature, focusing on logic and his deductive reasoning. But he kind of gives away his game with the hissy fit he throws at the beginning of TGG. He isn’t bothered about John’s tendency to romanticize their adventures, at least not too much.
Ella put a hand on John's back and pushed him gently away from the edge of the outcrop, back towards where he had come from. John let the troll lead him for a few feet before turning around and throwing his arms around her. He let her go as quickly as he had hugged her and ran down the slanted boulder, Harry close behind him.
“But I didn’t,” he countered, turning to focus instead on the gorge they were currently driving towards at a break-neck speed.
He could get used to this, Sherlock decided, as he took a bite of a cinnamon roll, only to drop the rest back on the platter. He closed his door and climbed back under the covers.
“They look very agitated,” Sherlock noted as he applied his lip-reading skills to the pair below. His Suomi must have been worse than he thought because he could only make out a few words. “Something about… wool?”
"You're welcome!" John added sarcastically and was answered only by a grunt and a crunching sound. Feeling strangely annoyed, John opened his own bag to extract a thick blanket and an old, battered lute, carefully wrapped in a cotton cloth.
Guess who's back... back again? (no, not Eminem). As usual, my thanks to the great CamillaCarmine for the beta!
Billy’s gaze dropped to his own dirty hands. “He never said. He only said they had given ‘im all that money to keep quiet and that he would be in real trouble if he opened his mouth.”
Ella didn't seem persuaded. She crossed her arms over her chest. "That’s all well and good, but is Mr Murray going to need your help when winter comes along? When it gets too cold and everyone goes back home?"
Mycroft felt his heartbeat pounding in his ears as he pushed open the Palace’s doors. His arms trembled with the effort and his mind buzzed with a thousand different thoughts.
“This is not ‘bored’, Father!” Mycroft turned around to face his parents when a jet of ice sprang from his fingers, hitting the corner of the bedroom with a thud. The wall and part of the carpet were instantly frozen.
He dismounted his reindeer and looked around. The trail of frosted grass led past the horses and through a narrow path between dark, volcanic rocks. He could hear the hushed tones of adult voices - a man and a woman's - further into the path, interspaced with the sound of air rushing out, like the breath of some great beast.
He shook his head to dislodge the snow that clung to his hair, ignoring the slight dizziness caused by the action, and brushed his shoulders and arms. Then he pushed his numb hands into the soft snow to extract his legs and stand back up. After a few seconds of wobbling like a newborn foal, Sherlock was able to lock his knees and stand straight once again.
Falling backwards to survive as a person and as a character is the most instinctual response. As human beings, we feel safe in stability and fear change. As bad as things were for Sherlock at the time, we cannot blame him for trying to fall backwards and continue to survive in this narrative. But we know where this is going, we were told the same story hundreds of times now…
The inn’s interior was as dismal as the exterior. The beige walls were freshly painted but the decor hadn’t been touched since the early 70’s. The young woman at the desk was distractedly typing away at her phone, but put it away immediately when she noticed Sherlock’s presence.
The northern lights could be seen dancing in the uppermost corner of the large triangular window. The green waves moved to and fro, as if responding to Sherlock reaching hands. Mycroft considered his brother’s penchant for theatrics very annoying.
“Fear will be your enemy. You must learn to control your powers.” the Grand Stamford warned the prince.
Soon, every man in the lake was singing the ancient song, their movements in time with the beats. Cutting and pulling, cutting and pulling.
The name Powers rang a bell deep within Sherlock’s ransacked Mind Palace. He sat still and closed his eyes, trying to chase the ringing back into his memory. He searched for a few moments amid the chaos of his mind until he retrieved the desired information.
“You, busy? Pull the other one!” Billy laughed and took out a small wooden box from the bag, standing up with a groan befitting an old man. “I’ll tell you what, I’ll sell you a smaller sample for you to try… When you 'ave the time, that is,” he added, raising a placating hand. “I wouldn’t want my favourite customer to miss out on this one.”
Sherlock suppressed a shiver as the cold autumn wind whistled between the naked trees. He tried to ignore the sound of the waves crashing forcefully against the bottom of the cliff and concentrated on the proceedings before him. Every now and again he would notice a pitying look directed at him and he would stare down his concerned subject until they would look away.
this is more fun!” the younger prince argued, working on the second tier of his snowman. Mycroft helped with the finer details, conjuring two ice shards for arms and buttons made out of ice cubes. He was close enough to his brother to hear him mumble, “And I don’t know how to build dragons…”
over Sherlock and everyone around them, made stronger by Sherlock’s growing fame, although he has just stared at them in the face. Is this the adrenalin high still speaking? Or is this pride getting in the way of reason?
“Mrs Thompson? She has a terrible taste in music,” Sherlock scoffed. “Unless you want to endure four hours of bagpipes, you’ll have to let me take care of the music. She can take care of everything else, for all I care.”
"I… huh…I need to learn how to work the ice. They’ll need me, then…" he trailed off. Harry whined her distress and licked his cheek.
Sherlock thumbed through the pages in his lap as he considered the problem. “You expect me to solve a cold case in less than four months? You must be desperate to solve this if you came to me for help,” he chuckled contemptuously.
Feeding off her energy, Harry stepped onto the lake and began to trot around Mrs Hudson, swinging her antlers from side to side.
The easy confidence of the gesture seemed to push the words out of Sherlock again, in an unstoppable urge to impress his new friend.
“Everyone knows that Londondalle Palace suddenly cut its ties to the outside world. The Holmes are one of the most reclusive royal families of the known world.”
Smiling contentedly, Mycroft turned back inside and, with a snap of his fingers, all the doors of his Palace closed shut.
“Oh, I think it is my business. I don’t want the king turning me into a big ice lolly just because I helped you find him.”
He was about to comment on that fact to his companion when he noticed that the wound over John’s eye was beginning to form tiny droplets of blood along its length. Without a word, the prince reached into his coat’s inner pocket and offered his handkerchief to John. Someone less observant than Sherlock would have missed the flicker of surprise in John’s face when presented with the cotton square.
Let me just start by saying that I realized that she is John’s younger sister. Considering that John (like Martin) was born in 1971, he was 39 in 2010, when he and Sherlock met. Harry is apparently 36 at that time.
This is one of those instances where it really pays out to read John’s blog. Besides reading this delightfully domestic exchange, you are gifted with the information that our boys actually did a Bond movie night.
He turned on his heel and opened the doors once again. In the main hall, a small crowd of the palace’s staff had gathered, kept away from the doors by the sergeant and three other soldiers. All fell silent at the sight of the King of Londondalle.
When no such instructions were heard - or anything else for that matter - Sherlock pried one eye open. Gentle morning light filled the nursery, bringing to life the warm burgundy of the tapestries on the walls and the bright greens of their canopy beds. The floor was littered with the usual assortment of wooden toys and books, as well as some plant and rock specimens Sherlock had been collecting lately. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary in the organized chaos of their room.
The air was suddenly very cold around the older prince. There was a stirring in the air, like the very atoms were re-arranging around Mycroft’s hands. That stirring quickly manifested in bright white swirls that danced around his fingers. He brought his hands together and the swirls coalesced into a spinning sphere. Mycroft opened one eye and gave his brother a knowing smile before throwing his hands up. The sphere shot into the air and exploded into a million snowflakes that gently began to fall all around the ballroom.
He raised his ice blue eyes to his anxious parents. “I didn’t mean to do it… It’s- it’s getting stronger...” he stammered.
He stifled a yawn and looked up at the starry sky. In front of him, Harry kept a steady pace through the dark forest. The way back to the cabins was long, and it was made longer still when one’s means of transportation was powered by a reindeer calf. Everyone would already be in bed when they arrive…
John’s displeased grumble sent the prince into a fit of giggles, which he quickly reigned in under his companion’s reproachful stare.
Annoyingly, John clicked his tongue and Sherlock felt the sledge slowly coming to a halt. Both men sat in stubborn silence while Harry huffed and looked back, curious as to why they had stopped.
Sherlock let his shoulders drop and leaned against the railing. “I suppose you’re right,” he admitted. He had wanted to repay Jim’s trust with his own story, but now he found himself uncomfortably exposed.
Jim’s eyebrows shot up in surprise at the impromptu song. He was quick to recover, though, answering in kind.
He waved both hands up and down and sideways, like a crazed maestro. The waves followed his movements, while the boats lurched on top, eight feet from the ground.
Had he thought about it for long enough, John would have considered himself almost relieved that his drunken father had disappeared and left him behind. Gone where the days when he was dragged from town to town, looking for someone who would employ his father. He wouldn't need to look for him in the taverns and pick him up from the streets, anymore.
Too soon, the Royal Orb and Scepter were presented to him on another burgundy pillow and Mycroft had to push down the insane need to flee. He flexed his hands experimentally beside him before reaching quickly for the items. He stopped in his tracks when the Bishop discreetly pulled the pillow away from his reach.
The prince hit the ground with a huff and ran into the hallway until he reached his brother’s room. He threw himself down on the cold marble floor and put his feet up against Mycroft’s door with a flourish. His parents were nowhere in sight. Nobody had seen him jump through the window.
He turned away from the closed door and made for the garden. Maybe he could find some new insects to add to his collection…
His mind presented the memory of the early morning of August 15th that year, when Sherlock had just returned home after a long night working in St. Bart’s laboratory. He had just climbed the first flight of stairs when he was greeted by the sight of John’s latest conquest quietly making her way down from the upstairs bedroom. Clasping her handbag and high heels, her hair was dishevelled and her make-up ruined.
The younger prince tied his robe over his pijamas, poked two eyes and a smile into his crewmate face and pointed a hand forward. “To
Despite Sherlock’s vigorous protests, the Queen’s orders were executed that same day. The young prince stood desolately by Mrs Turner's side while Mycroft’s belongings were taken from the nursery to a room further down the hallway. After the last piece of furniture had been moved, Sherlock fell into a temper tantrum so terrible he threw himself screaming onto his bed and there he stayed until the next day.
Mycroft thought with a derisive chuckle. Adjusting his cape behind him, he pushed up his chin and stepped forward, a new monarch claiming his kingdom.
"Anderson, please, just…” he muttered over his shoulder at the frazzled man, who grudgingly stepped closer to Donovan. The Prime Minister let out a sigh and turned towards the prince once again. “Your Highness, did you know about this?" he asked carefully.
Sherlock stared at his brother in disbelief as he willed his heartbeat to regain a normal pace. His blood shot eyes searched Mycroft’s ice blue ones, trying to make sense of what was happening.
To his horror, Mycroft felt the tingling of magic in his palms before another blast of energy shot from his hands and hit the staircase, covering the marble in frost. The force of the impact knocked the Ambassador and the guards on their backs, making the townspeople cry out in shock. Mycroft remained transfixed as the people around him screamed and ran, amassing by the gates, desperate to flee. He felt his life crumbling around him, its destruction telegraphed on the panicked footsteps of his people and on the bodies laying on the staircase.
As he sang, Sherlock pulled a nearby curtain across his shoulders with a flourish. The heavy red velvet sat like an overgrown scarf around his neck, leaving only his eyes visible over the folds of fabric.
The prince's eyes widened in surprise. It was disconcerting to hear the cheerful man speak so lightly of murder.
He laid out the relevant facts in his mind for inspection. Back in Baker Street, while Sherlock always kept his bedroom door open, John made sure to always keep his own closed (and sometimes locked - silly John). Sherlock briefly considered the sound conductivity of the different building materials in Baker Street. Yes, a closed door might have hindered some sounds traveling from the upstairs bedroom to the lower floor if one considered...
The younger prince nodded, trying to contain his excitement under a stern look. He turned to leave but paused when he reached the doorway. His hand touched the door frame before he asked over his shoulder, “And, uh… Do you have any more cold cases that need solving?”
This is my argument in favor of EMP and the fact that we may have entered it when Mary shot Sherlock. And to what purpose?
Hearing footsteps approaching, Sherlock quickly opened the cabinet door and grabbed the human skull, hiding it behind his back. He nodded disinterestedly at the passing guard, waiting for him to turn his back on him. As soon as the coast was clear, Sherlock rushed back to the main hall with his new companion and turned towards the East Wing. He quickly reached the long closed Portrait Room, its walls covered with dozens of paintings gathered by several generations of the royal family. Sherlock had vivid memories of time spent in this room, when Mycroft and he would sit and stare wide eyed at the paintings of vicious battles and noblemen riding horses (and in one instance a reindeer), arguing over who could imagine a better backstory for the characters. There he was again, after all those years. A grown man, alone but for his new companion. Although those distant memories were tinged with a shade of melancholy, Sherlock was glad to be moving away from his past and into a future he would make for himself.
Jim’s face lit up at the prospect. “Oh, how exciting!” he said, training his gaze on the crowd below. After a few seconds, he pointed at an uncomfortable-looking woman standing by the dessert table. “How about that one? She looks suspicious.”
“I wish it had a little colour, you know? Maybe a bit of crimson here, maybe some teal there, perhaps some cerise… Oh my, not that!” the snow woman chuckled girlishly, “Cerise, with my skin tone, can you imagine?!” she asked her gobsmacked audience.
“Your Highness, what happened?” he tried to sound as kind as possible, and yet, the sound of his voice made Mycroft hold his brother closer to his chest. “Should I call the physician?”
Mycroft exhaled forcefully through his nose before explaining. “That man was on a mission to gather intelligence on the Suomic Ambassador, and now you’ve gone and ruined everything with your little spectacle.”
Sherlock felt a jolt of annoyance at the insufficient feedback. “Because I can make a difference! I know I can!” he argued, gesturing wildly. “Because my mind is rotting away behind these walls! It needs to work, I need to work! I’ll die if I don’t!”
Trying to calm his racing heart, Mycroft raised his chin in a semblance of confidence and walked down the staircase and into the crowd. But instead of making way for their king, the people stepped in front of him, trying to strike a conversation.
But the Ambassador was more persistent than Sherlock had initially thought. The man cleared his throat and grabbed a wine glass from a nearby tray, twirling it thoughtfully before taking a hearty swig. Sherlock took the opportunity to check in on the bickering couple but was disappointed to find that they had moved away from their spot.
“Do I?” Sherlock countered, leaning away from the Ambassador. He took a moment to study the man in front of him.
“I will!” he spat, raising the glove over his head like a prize. “I’ll move in with Jim. We’ll fight crime together and you’ll never see me again!”
She turned his head forward with a finger on his cheek and set about brushing his hair. They had an ongoing war, Mrs Turner and his hair. Sherlock didn’t know why she insisted on trying to tame his curls into something 'presentable' every morning, but he supposed that she would come to her senses some day.
He began to walk down the stairs in an even, stately pace, but gradually his excitement got the better of him and he all but flew down the last steps, scaring a passing maid when his boots hit the marble floor with a slap.
He ignored the window washer and ran back to the Ballroom, now completely empty apart from the musicians. The maids had finished setting the tables with an impressive array of cakes, puddings and other sweet treats. Sherlock scoffed at the display. Leave it to Mycroft to have a room filled with deserts.
“I remember that case...Found dead at his desk, signs of... strangling!” Sherlock recited, “all doors and windows locked from the inside.”
had woken up something deep within his Mind Palace. It was calling to him in a faint voice from somewhere inside one of those rooms he couldn’t quite find.
“You need to wake up,” the five-year-old insisted. Mycroft could have sworn he heard a naked foot stomping on the carpet.
The case has been solved the previous night and today the boys went back to the bank to collect their paycheck. John is preparing to write up their second case, but first he is giving us a little teaser.
Hearing that, or perhaps just responding to the prince’s earnest tone, Harry mewled dejectedly and started pushing on John’s shoulder with her snout. Defeated, John sat back up, pushing Harry’s head away from him.
to make John happy. If he thinks John is happier as a husband to Mary than as a grieving widower, he will chose to fall forward.
“Well, I’m a bit busy right now, can’t really spare the time for it,” the prince answered drily. He crossed his arms over his chest, trying to control his mounting anxiety.
The following weeks brought deep changes to the Palace life as well. The gates were shut and additional guards were posted along the walls. Inside the Palace, the staff was reduced to a bare minimum and, to compensate for the lack of maids, the East Wing was closed off, its windows shuttered and the furniture covered in sheets. There were no more dinner parties or guests for tea, and all official business was done in the Town Hall.
“Admit it, this is your doing,” the King continued despite his wife’s sounds of protest. “He was born like this, ice cold. Contaminated by a frozen heart, that’s the only possible explanation-”
“What?” Sherlock stared incredulously at the man, who kneeled swiftly in front of him and made a motion to grab his right ankle. Sherlock planted his booted foot resolutely down on the carpet, objecting to the manhandling.
Sherlock furrowed his brow. John was just making fun of him, now. He pushed his friend on his back to keep him quiet, but John just turned on his other side and continued snoring. Sherlock could finally see why people used the phrase “sawing logs”. The doctor's breathing could rival any working chainsaw. He briefly considered waking him up, but that would just mean John would be cranky all day long. He did need his sleep.
“Well, it’s not every day you hit the brother of the future king of Londondalle with your horse.” he said, standing straight again. “You
There was a faint ringing of the bell Mycroft used to call the maid. Sherlock realized his brother was making good on his promise to out him. Not willing to lose his new discovery, he made his way back to the Library window and lowered himself back inside. If Mycroft heard him outside his door, safely under the roof, maybe he wouldn’t tell their Father.
A quick scan of his memories provided him with no instances of having heard snoring coming from the upstairs bedroom. Not when Sherlock lied awake in his bed, cataloguing every creak and squeak in the old flat. Not even on those long nights when he carried on working in the living room while John retired upstairs.
The prince reached a careful hand to hold a nearby branch, causing it to tinkle against its neighbours. On closer inspection, he could see that the branch was covered in icy droplets, and that each droplet had frozen around a budding leaf, vibrant green against bluish-white. He ran his thumb against one of the frozen buds and smirked derisively.
He spurred his horse into a gallop into the dark forest. The Queen held her son tightly to her chest and raced after him.
Although the episode spans only two days (January 29th and 30th), John writes 4 blog posts relative to the case. Since I’ve talked a bit about the first post in my first entry, lets look at the other ones.
“Great detective! You need to help me!” Mrs Hudson had the same squeaky voice as Mrs Turner “My rich husband has been murdered! A… a sea-lion bit off his head and ran away into the sea.”
"How…?” John began but closed his mouth with a snap. “Never mind,” he told the shopkeeper with a strained smile, “Yes, my reindeer. She’s waiting outside."
The ice harvester dropped his bags with a huff and lit the gas lamp hanging by the door. He rolled his shoulders and took an appreciative look around
Both young men sat in silence for a few moments, watching the morning sun dance over the ocean before them. Billy scratched his thigh and Sherlock sighed again.
But there was the rub. Mycroft would not provide him with an active case, of course. He would never willingly give Sherlock the keys to his gilded cage, arguing that a
“I would have been quicker, too, if you’d let me inspect the actual room, but I managed to work around that. The detectives missed a secret passage from the kitchen to the rooms on the first floor, built originally to allow servants to pass by unnoticed, and closed off after a house renovation fifty years ago. I looked at the original floor plans and-”
Sherlock was rushing to stand back up when he heard a terrible crash behind him. His blood drained from his face at the sound.
You may say “But he will die!”. I will argue that he died falling backwards as well, and was saved by the power of love, of his dedication to John.
If I remember correctly, the post was much like what we see now, but it ended with John mentioning that they had hit a snag in their investigation and that the mysterious bomber seemed to have gone underground. He ends saying that since things were quiet for the moment, he was going to visit his girlfriend Sarah that evening. There were one or two comments by Sarah and Harry worriedly looking for John, who didn’t arrive at Sarah’s and wasn’t answering his phone.
“John, wait!” Sherlock stood up and waddled through the deep snow towards the ice harvester and his reindeer.
A cry of alarm teared through the Ballroom. The moment hung frozen in the air as the people tried to make sense of what their eyes were telling them.
“Forwards or backwards?” What if this question is just this, a practical question? Sherlock, do you want to fall backwards and have a chance at surviving, or do you want to fall forwards and face certain death?
Mycroft took advantage of the distraction to escape through the crowd, who now did their best to step out of his way.
“Yes, it’s time. Of course it’s time…” Sherlock mumbled into the carpet, already half asleep. There was a pause before he asked “Time for what?”
As soon as the last word was uttered, Mycroft turned hastily back and all but dropped the chilled items on the pillow. He took back his gloves and put them on slowly, using the time to assess the damage. There were no ice crystals forming on either the Orb and Scepter, and although the gold looked duller from being chilled, it looked almost normal to the unsuspecting eye. Mycroft risked a look at the Bishop, who was smiling benignly at the cheering crowd, unaware of what had just happened. Even Sherlock, standing a few feet away from him, didn’t seem to have noticed. His younger brother flashed him with a slight smile, looking almost… proud?
The reindeer mewled in protest but let John lead her back to the sledge. After laboriously strapping Harry into her harness, he helped her push the sledge into motion, ignoring the shooting pain in his right leg.
Mycroft took his cue and moved his hands up. A snowy wave appeared under the boat and pushed it upwards with a jolt.
Mycroft only furrowed his brow further. “I’m not joking, Sherlock. I’ll tell Father if you don’t come down.”
As a meta person, I've been leaving a few easter eggs around the fic, but as I was commenting the chapters with my beta @CarmillaCarmine, I realized that some of them are really obscure. I just wanted to clarify:
John walked back to the room and put his own bag on the left side of the bed. He took out his change of clothes and toiletries and started to put them away in the available wardrobe, silently and efficiently.
Sherlock chuckled incredulously at the sight. Of all the things he had dreamed for himself, being the audience to a living snow woman's song-and-dance routine was not one of them.
He furrowed his brow in concentration… Could it be? He followed the man with his eyes as he wandered around the square until he stopped behind a group of people by the fishmonger’s stall. Sherlock saw how the man leaned forward, pretending to inspect the day's catch as his hand dove swiftly inside another man’s pocket and brought back a bag of coin, like a seagull diving for fish.
The image of the short, finely dressed man wielding such a crude weapon made Sherlock burst into laughter. After a few seconds, Jim’s facade broke down and he joined in the mirth.
Mycroft pretended not to hear him. “There were many dangers, but none so terrible as the dread pirate Blackbeard.”
Back inside the bedroom, the prince couldn’t help but give an excited hop. “Coronation day!” he declared to the empty room. “Yes, it’s Christmas!” Finally, no more waiting and planning. Now was the time for action!
“My-croft.” Sherlock insisted, raising his voice from a stage whisper to a whine. Mycroft felt a cold, chubby hand push up his left eyelid.
Halfway across the town square, she bumped into a man walking in the opposite direction. He raised his hand in apology and continued his way. But the way his other hand moved caught Sherlock’s attention.
Sherlock ignored his brother’s orders and told him of his discovery. “You’ll never guess how amazing the view is from here! You can see all the way to the docks!” he pointed out into the distance. If only his brother would relax and enjoy himself a little, they could explore this new world together.
"No. I always thought that my brother didn't want me around. Well, anyone around, for that matter,” he told the Prime Minister, “Now I see he was just trying to protect us."
The ”diamond” he is referring to is the Jaria diamond, a missing jewel case that Sherlock did not to take (or so he says) and that should explain the masked assassin he is fighting at the beginning of the episode.
!” Mrs Hudson hopped and tapped her heels together, dancing as energetically as her little feet would let her.
“No, it’s alright. I’m leaving,” he mumbled, grabbing his woolen hat from the mantelpiece and making for the door.
This last paragraph is particularly interesting for me because of John’s choice of words. Not only does he fear for Sherlock and everyone around them, he
The prince made his way discreetly down the stage towards one of the tables propped against the walls. He took a glass of wine and pretended to sip it as he studied the people around him.
John's whole frame suddenly tensed. “Hn? Oh, yes, sorry, sorry… ” the doctor took his hands away from his flatmate's back as if scalded. Sherlock raised his head from John’s chest and awkwardly resumed his place on the right side of the bed.
“He’s fine,” his father interrupted with forced casualness. “Don’t worry about him. You know how bored he gets, sometimes.”
“Hello, welcome to-” he began, but the smile fell from his face at the sight of Sherlock's sorry state. He rushed to the prince’s side, his rugged features now etched with concern. “Oh, you poor sod...” the man (Angelo, he assumed) mumbled under his breath.
Mrs Hudson smiled contentedly at Sherlock for a few seconds, before fixing John with a disappointed look. “You haven’t grown as much, have you, Mycroft?” she quipped.
The man was about his age, perhaps a bit younger (or older?) and considerably shorter than him. His dark brown hair was perfectly slicked back from his face, showing large brown eyes and an open smile. He was dressed in a white and gold suit, with pearl buttons and a deep red silk sash across his chest.
The woman looked around the empty space and then turned to the man. John could hear her whisper angrily at him.
"Bring me my horse, now!" Sherlock barked at the dumbfounded guards who ran to comply with his orders.
TBB episode starts, John has a row with the chip-and-pin machine and they find Van Coon’s body. Lukis is killed that night.
“Come up! I’ll get some ropes to lift your fat butt if you need it.” Sherlock smiled to take the edge off the joke.
His eight-year-old brain didn’t stop to consider what would happen when the ice harvesting season ended and winter came.
“You don’t have to, of course!" Jim backtracked. "I’m sure there are lots of people just dying to talk to you. They’ll all want to tell you about how lovely the ceremony was, how stately your brother looks, maybe comment on the quality of the fruit salad…” he rambled on.
Sherlock looked at the people around him, scanning their faces with hope. One of them would surely have a criminal disposition.
“And you’ve also deduced the best thing to do was to go into the forest, at night, in the middle of a blizzard, by yourself.”
"No!” Jim interjected, “Sherlock’s completely ordinary, I can assure you. I mean…” he trailed off, suddenly aware of how that sounded. “You know what I mean. Sorry."
As his sodden boots climbed the welcoming steps, his burning eyes landed upon the wooden sign hanging over the large door.
Unsure what to do, Sherlock sat carefully beside his new friend, who was stretching his limbs with gusto. In front of them, the moonlit ocean spread out into the horizon, bracketed by the dark cliffs of the Londondalle bay. The gentle breeze carried a hint of salty air and Sherlock filled his lungs with it, his worries temporarily forgotten.
“That’s the Olissipal envoy,” he told Sherlock in a needlessly quiet voice. “He’s been making eyes at that duke since the crowning ceremony.” As if on cue, the duke locked eyes with his admirer and smiled coyly at him over his drink. “It looks like he’s gotten through…” Jim purred.
With wide eyes, Mycroft saw the colour return to his brother’s cheeks. The younger prince drew a long, contented sigh and relaxed his furrowed brow. The Queen stood up and hugged Sherlock close to her, eyeing the Grand Stamford with gratitude.
Unfortunately none of the characters respond to this comment, so we have nothing else to go on… Interesting nugget of information, nonetheless.
Speaking of which, Sherlock decided it would be a good idea to get a bit of fresh air, see how the town looked like with these new colours.
was standing before him and it wanted to shake his hand! His eyes scanned the fantastical being. Ella wasn't much taller than him. Her entire body was made of grey stone, except for the grassy hair that she wore in a ponytail. Her eyes were much like human eyes, forest green and friendly. Like the trolls below, she had a humped back, short limbs and disproportionately large hands and feet. She wore a tunic made of moss and a necklace that bore several little glowing gems. Her feet were bare, with small patches of grass on her toes.
word, Redbeard!” He opened his right hand and his brother produced a pirate sword made of clear ice on his palm. His boat started to rock with vigour and Sherlock widened his stance to keep his balance.
Billy smiled apologetically. “I’m sorry, your princeliness, but he’s dead. Spent all that extra money on beer and whores. Uh… those are-”
“And she just left me standing there!” he continued, smiling at the assembly “Frozen cold heart, that woman’s. Could have dragged it up from the bottom of the lake myself!” A new wave of laughter passed through the men. Some muttered their agreement.
PS: I really don't know if seagulls preen each others feathers in the actual world, but these ones do (#disclaimer).
He thrust his left arm forward and white swirls of magic erupted from his hand, climbing up his arm and spreading along his body. As they spread, his solemn black military attire transformed into a pearly blue three-piece suit that shimmered with a thousand ice crystals. Fascinated by the change, he opened his right hand and the swirls coalesced in his palm, forming an umbrella made of translucent ice.
Every other inhabitant of the Palace, even Mycroft, left him blissfully alone. Mrs Thompson, the Palace governess, tried to enquire after him once, and was swiftly yelled out of his room for her troubles.
“No, you twat,” the ice harvester chuckled, “finding your brother’s cape - on top of a tree, no less. It means we’re going in the right direction - up.”
“Yes! Shut up!” Sherlock snapped. There was a rustle of paper as he curled further into himself, chasing after the remnants of his dream.
“Sherlock! You’ve got him?” Jim yelled as he ran from behind his cover, his face alight with excitement.
“He won’t be alone, your Majesty -” Jim tried to intervene, before being cut off by Mycroft's raised hand.
“It’s always a detective agency!” Mycroft complained “Why can’t we be knights, for once? To slay dragons and save entire villages!”
Sherlock felt his stomach drop when he finally understood what his brother was saying. His face twisted in a snarl at the cruel joke. “Are you mocking me?”
His attention was brought back to the incredible beings before him. The one currently addressing his father had introduced himself as the Grand Stamford, and Mycroft assumed he was their leader. He wore an intricate mantle made of moss and straw and from his neck hung several necklaces, each with a colourful glowing gem. He held a staff made of twisted wood, topped with another gem, one that shone with all the colours of the rainbow. But what Mycroft found the most incredible were the tiny gold spectacles perched on the Grand Stamford's round nose. How did a troll go about buying spectacles? Was there a troll optician somewhere in the forest? He swallowed a hysterical giggle bubbling in his throat.
Sherlock tried to refute the barrage of offerings but found his jaw stiff and his tongue uncooperative. “I’m... fine…” he managed to hiss through his teeth.
Mr Peterson, butler to the Lady Violet Herbert, came to 221B at the end of his wits. The elderly lady, clearly experiencing the first stages of dementia, had taken to hiding her precious jewelry in various nooks and crannies of her castle in fear of being robbed, and then promptly forgetting she had done so. Mr Peterson had so far been able to find all of the hidden items and return them to his employer's jewelry-box - except for an emerald necklace. And now Lady Violet was accusing Mr Peterson of stealing and threatening to throw him out in disgrace!
“You almost took my eye out!” John complained as Sherlock pulled him back inside the sledge, pointedly ignoring the angry red welt that had appeared over John’s left eye .
Sherlock then turned his attention to John’s face, tinted orange by the street light outside their window. His expression was relaxed despite the dark bags under his eyes. His mouth hung slightly open and his lips formed a small O shape with every exhale and relaxed with every sonorous inhale.
Desperate, Mycroft turned on his heel and ran down a set of narrow steps that led to a small pebble beach below the Palace’s walls.
Sherlock's coat is based on the black corset Anna wears with her winter outfit. If you google it you'll see the floral pattern I mentioned in the chapter.
Seagulls flew over his head, disturbed by all the ships still entering the bay at that hour, bringing guests and gifts for the Coronation. A pair landed a few feet away from Sherlock and began preening each other's feathers.
Sherlock ignored the sudden uproar from the crowd and hurried along the bridge to finally reach the town square.
The remaining guard sheathed his sword and approached the boys with caution, displaying his open hands in front of him. He knew little about how magic worked, but he knew better than to confront a scared boy that could summon ice shards as big as the ones around him.
“Mycroft, listen to me,” his father ordered. His voice took the gravity he normally employed to admonish his ministers. “You are my son, the Crown Prince of Londondalle. You can do this. Are we clear?”
Sherlock suddenly felt a jolt of nervousness. He was about to share a bed with John Watson. For science, of course. But still...
No, Sherlock thought, even with both doors closed, such a portentous noise should have traveled through the structure of their flat and be heard by Sherlock in his room. In all honesty, it should have been heard by the whole street!
I think this is the most interesting part about this post, because tells you what happen to John between the time he leaves 221B to go to Sarah’s and the time he walks out before Sherlock at the pool, wrapped in explosives.
“I…” Sherlock stuttered, torn between the warmth of Jim's compliment and the pressing need to find the criminal (
“This says they never found the killer,” Sherlock pointed out, ignoring his brother’s argument, “Why are you giving this to me? Why now?”
Sherlock rubbed his gummy eyes for a moment, at a loss for what to say. Everyone in the Kingdom had been informed of the funeral. Billy would certainly realize that Sherlock was feeling less than well.
The prince turned towards the window and his face fell when he noticed the moon, judging him silently, up in the night sky.
“Come on, Harry! After them!” He turned the reindeer around to follow the horses. Harry broke into a gallop, excited by John’s tone of voice. They followed the frosty trail further into the forest.
He snapped Harry’s reins and the reindeer galloped faster still, huffing with effort. After a few seconds, steam started to rise from her fur, and Sherlock suddenly realised that she wouldn’t be able to outrun the wolves much longer.
“Sorry about that, old girl,” John yelled over the wind, patting Harry’s snout with his gloved hand. The reindeer snorted in reply and started to nose the bag that John held tightly in his other hand.
“Hm… What if I…” he waved a hand and their client acquired a lopsided skirt made of frosted ice and a snowy hairdo in the rough shape of a bun.
It’s incredible how he downplays his actions (who were nothing short of heroic). How he still doubts Sherlock’s dedication to him. Has he heard nothing of what Moriarty told Sherlock??
Arguably, this was the first time John had actually slept in Sherlock's presence. Yes, he had occasionally witnessed the man nap on their sofa on lazy Sunday afternoons, or take a quick kip sitting on a desk when the detective had been too wired to stop the investigation for something as frivolous as resting.
To his surprise, Mycroft stepped next to one of the guards and whispered, “Ask Mrs Thompson to find him a room and call the physician. Let no one else in.”
A few days after Mycroft’s tenth birthday, Sherlock found himself extremely bored. It was Mrs Turner day off and the King and Queen were nowhere to be found. Mycroft had disappeared inside his room after breakfast, claiming the need to finish reading his book. Sherlock remembered his mother had told him that Mycroft had new obligations now, that he mustn't bother him, but Sherlock hoped he could persuade his brother to come and play for a little while, just like they used to.
This may indeed be a visual sign that we are following Sherlock inside his mind as he is loosing consciousness. In
Mycroft made a show of sorting through the documents on his desk. “Yes. I can’t imagine the Gaulian Prime Minister will refuse his invitation after we’ve brought the culprit to justice.”
He stood up and limped towards the bags to put his lute away. He turned the gas lamp to a minimum while Harry turned around herself, trying to find a comfortable position to sleep.
John let his fingers run through a few simple chords, trying to make out the nagging feeling at the back of his mind. Alone with Harry, he decided to improvise a little song.
Their gazes held for a few seconds of silence before Sherlock looked away, feeling uncomfortably pinned to the spot.
Sherlock’s clumsy fingers wandered around the wooden window frame, looking for the lock. He stood on the tip of his toes to reach the top of the tall window, but flinched and almost toppled backwards when his overheated cheek touched the cold window. After regaining his balance, he eyed the fogged glass with distrust. He could feel the cold emanating from the window, trying to seep under his clothes. He shook his head slowly. No, that wouldn’t do. He was feeling warm now, he didn’t want to be cold again. Not anymore.
He made his way slowly past Mycroft’s door towards his bedroom and closed his door firmly behind him.  Had his mind been clearer, he would have noticed that Mycroft’s door was now ajar.
The Queen brushed a careful hand over Sherlock’s bruised forehead. “He’s ice cold!” She looked up at the King with wide, anguished eyes.
So maybe the question about the S4 glowing skull should not be “Why (does) it change color?” but “Why does it change?”.
“Oh, yeah,” the prince agreed, directing an admiring look at the string orchestra he had hired for the ball. Of course they were good, he’d chosen them. “Didn’t think you’d notice,” he added.
Last 221B scene in TBB, John writes up the case. Berwick contacts Sherlock. If the 22nd is a Monday (according to Van Coon’s schedule), it makes sense that Sherlock would be holding a copy of The Sunday Times on the 28th.
Apparently satisfied, Mycroft put down the document and smiled. “I’ll pass this information on to the Captain. Thank you, Sherlock, you’ve done your country a great service.”
The study of John’s snoring had to be put on hold for some time. Sherlock solved the insipid Cornwall case by lunchtime and by 3 PM they were already on the train back to London, summoned by a text from Lestrade.
She kissed the top of his head in return. “Good morning, sweetheart. Did you sleep well?” She made a motion to sweep back the curls from his forehead but Sherlock quickly retreated to his seat before his mother could notice his bruise.
The younger boy pushed carefully on the door handle and looked into the darkened hallway. Mycroft peered over his brother’s curly head to make sure the coast was clear. Convinced that no one would see them, both brothers broke into a run through the empty hallway and down the spiral staircase.
He cleared his throat and said. "I’m John, John Watson. And this is Harry." he motioned towards the reindeer, who was hiding behind one of the bushes. "Who are they…?" he pointed at the people in the valley.
When John nodded, she uncrossed her arms and clapped her hands. "Well, you know what? Go help Mr Murray, but come and find us when the season ends." The light was back in her face. "The geysers will keep you warm all through winter. We’ll have barbecues, play games, tell stories... You’ll be part of the family! How does that sound?" She laid a gentle hand on his small shoulder.
“I’m not!” Sherlock protested as he ran towards their wardrobe to take out their snow boots, a delighted smile on this little face. He pushed the larger pair on Mycroft’s lap and plopped down on the carpet to put on his own.
He stole a glance at Mrs Turner’s face when she was buttoning his coat. Her eyes met his and held for a moment. Her face was unreadable as always, but her brown eyes seemed a little warmer than usual. She touched her knuckle to his chin and stood up, disappearing behind the crowd of servants in the main hall.
Mollified, the prince decided to tell Lestrade what he knew. It would be best if Jim had another person he could rely on while Sherlock was away...
He stopped at the top of the staircase when he realized that the courtyard was still filled with townspeople, who continued their own celebration, ignorant of what had just happened inside the Palace.
John then goes on to describe the case, blacking out Lestrade’s name and the place where they found the pink lady. Then he goes on a slightly disturbing tangent.
Suddenly, a woman stepped next to the envoy to whisper in his ear. Sherlock’s eyes widened when he noticed her careful hand depositing something in the envoy’s vest pocket. “Look! That woman…”
“How… How do you stop hearts from doing that?” John asked hurriedly as everyone reached for their tools to resume their work.
With his nose damp, his spine in shreds, and his hands and backside completely numb, Sherlock entertained petty thoughts of simply turning back and waiting for Mycroft to grow tired of his tantrum. Preferably while sitting in a deliciously hot, scented bath.
Sherlock turned around with a start in time to witness a sentient snowman waddle from behind a bush and into view - a snow woman, more precisely. She was a particularly small specimen, no taller than a small child, with a snowy hair bun, two twigs for arms and a delicate skirt made of frosted ice. Her face was composed of two round black pebbles for eyes and another smaller one for a nose, while her mouth was a simple indentation on her snowy face. Despite her crude features, her eyes had the unmistakable spark of life about them as they gazed contemplatively at the frozen trees.
The prince quickly found the correct rope and pulled himself up. Slowly but surely, the blue expanse of the ocean became visible over the Palace’s roofs. A cool sea breeze touched Sherlock’s face and he closed his eyes in delight.
“Is that why you’re looking for criminals? Come on, I promise I won’t tell,” Jim teased, giving him a playful bump on the shoulder.
An idea suddenly crossed his mind. Mycroft was ten-years-old, already. Maybe he didn’t like playing detectives anymore… They could play something else, Sherlock decided.
Sherlock opened his bleary eyes and squinted against the bright sunshine. He looked down at his legs to realize he was being poked with a wet mop. And that wet mop was being wielded by a man, struggling to reach him from below the roof’s edge.
At the same time, Prime Minister Lestrade stepped away from the crowd and approached him in a hurried step, flanked by Minister Donovan and that insufferable Anderson.
” Sherlock nodded and stepped carefully away from the column. His heartbeat hammered in his ears as he slowly made his way towards the vase. From the corner of his eye he saw Jim sneaking towards the opposite side of the hallway to hide behind another column.
Mycroft broke into a run to reach his brother’s inanimate form. He fell to his knees and carefully turned Sherlock on his back. Placing his head gingerly on his lap, Mycroft gave silent thanks when he realized his brother was still breathing. Besides the large bruise already forming above Sherlock’s left eyebrow, Mycroft was shocked to notice that one of the black curls that fell on his brother’s forehead had turned completely white.
Protected in the walls of his new palace, the king took the ultimate weight off of his head. After fixing it with a scowl, Mycroft threw his crown away as far as he could. The golden circlet crashed against one of the forming ice pillars and became incrusted in it, barely visible under the frosty surface.
The ice cart stopped with a jolt near the lake’s center. John didn’t need to be told twice to jump down and make way for the men approaching the cart to collect their tools. He waited patiently until the last one took his ice saw and quickly climbed back in to bring down his own prized possession. A little sledge that two of the ice harvesters had gifted him a week ago.
Sherlock smiled openly, for once not worried about his future. The suspect wiggled under him and Sherlock gave him a shove for good measure.
The ice harvesters didn’t waste time in getting to work. The days were getting shorter as winter approached, and every minute counted before it became too dark to navigate the frozen expanse of the lake.
Once again, there was a minute falter in John’s step and his shoulders raised another fraction of an inch. “Of course not,” he sputtered, absentmindedly raising a hand to pet Harry’s neck. “It comes and goes… I had an accident-”
Angelo’s happy expression faltered for a moment before returning with another offering, “Then, please, choose whatever you want from the store. It’s yours, free of charge!” he motioned towards the packed shelves.
As the prince was rolling his eyes at his companion he suddenly saw a speck of colour, hidden between the snow-white branches of an approaching tree.
By now, we can start constructing some sort of timeline for the show using the posts and the comments:
In the comments, Harry and Ella are panicking, worried about John’s safety. They have been the most invested on John’s well-being in the previous entries and now they are out of the loop. Mike, on the other hand, is completely unfazed by the news…
Without second thought, Sherlock sprang from behind the vase and grabbed the suspect by his arm just as he was about to run away. The man gave a surprised yelp and swung a fist at Sherlock’s chin, who was able to step back and avoid the punch. The prince took the opportunity to use the man’s momentum, and pushed him forward. Sure enough, the man lost his balance, falling face first on the ground and hitting his head on the thick carpet.
“I’d solve it myself but I’m too busy with state affairs at the moment. New contacts have to be made. Entire dossiers to be studied…” he trailed off with a theatrical sigh. “You seem to have enough time on your hands.”
Step after step, the water froze under his feet, and soon he was running as fast as he could towards the dark cliffs, the sound of his brother’s desperate call echoing across the bay.
With a heave, he finally pulled the translucent block from the water and would have toppled over if Harry hadn’t been behind him to push him back upright.
Jim shrugged in reply. “Oh, I spend so much time away, they would barely notice if I was gone,” he explained and finished his wine with a slow gulp. “I was eighteen when my father sent me on my first overseas mission and I’ve been acting as his envoy ever since.”
The funeral was short and to the point, and soon enough the crowds were dispersing, glad to get away from the light drizzle that had begun to fall.
“Because...” she let out a frustrated sigh and tried again “Sherlock, that’s just the way things are.”
It took him a few seconds to get his bearings in the darkness and calm his thumping heart. John had moved in his sleep and was lying on his left side, facing him. Sherlock had also moved in his sleep and was much closer to the center of the bed. Much closer to John…
“Anyway, frozen hearts can be dangerous, boy! And they can freeze everything around them!” Danny stood up and reached for his ice pick. The other harvesters took his lead and stood up as well.
The guard cleared his throat, trying to regain his composure. “Begging your pardon, your Highness," he said, “even if that’s true, I don’t see how a pickpocket should concern you... or me.”
Fidgeting in his place, he realized that it was very important to him that Jim approved of his plan.
“No!” he interrupted, “I’m ok, never mind!” and set about his morning routine in earnest, like a big boy deserving of a big boy bed.
Jim chuckled good-naturedly. “It would liven up this ball, at least. Violent murders tend to do that, you know?”
“Yes, it’s no problem.” he reassured her and entered the room, leaving Sherlock looking flabbergasted in the middle of the corridor.
“Go away, Sherlock.” His clear blue eye fixed on Sherlock’s face. In the darkness of their room he could make out his brother peeping over the bed at him, his head crowned by a shock of black curls. Mycroft tried to convey his sternest look while hiding most of his face in his pillow. His brother was not fazed by this demonstration.
“What were you looking for, anyway?” interrupted Bill. John was suddenly very interested in his gloves. He didn’t want the men to know he almost took a dive because of a stupid fish.
The man disappeared from view for a few seconds before a series of squeaking noises brought him jolting upwards over the roof. He rested his forearms casually on the tiles and gave Sherlock a sly grin. “They call me ‘The Wig’.” he said, slightly out of breath.
Eager to get away from his wandering thoughts, Sherlock made his way back to the pulley and down into the action. He reached the Dining Hall window at full speed, surprising Billy, who had been standing by the window with a mop and a bucket in his hand, wondering where his pulley had gone.
He was rewarded with a grateful look from his friend and both stood side by side against his unreasonable brother.
“Sherlock!” Mycroft shook his brother by the shoulders but he did not respond. The older prince felt cold tears run down his face. “Sherlock, I’m sorry! Please, wake up!” Around them, the snow waves were hardening into menacing spikes and sharp icicles were growing from the ceiling and walls.
I’ll delve into this in detail when I write about the sideblogs, but it’s important to note that Jim from IT has already approached Molly. John’s instinct was right, dark forces are closing in and he is clearly ill at ease.
The repetitive motion marked the tempo of a working song, one that John had come to know these last two months.
He was trying to will himself back into unconsciousness when he heard a knock outside. He groaned softly and curled his back, waiting for the intrusive noise to disappear. But the noise kept interrupting his rest with a thoroughly irritating tapping, until Sherlock couldn’t take it any longer.
Both men worked as carpenters in Londondalle during the summer and winter, but were employed by Bill Murray as ice harvesters during the season. When a storm had kept them from going to the lake for a few days, the carpenters had decided to use some scraps of wood to put together a little sledge for the abandoned boy and his reindeer.
The prince felt his lips pull into a smile as he turned his horse and addressed the courtyard in a clear voice.
He was knocked down again when the same rock moved and, like the other rocks below, took a human shape. John gave a startled cry when the creature's stony face turned towards him.
They had dinner at the village’s pub. John ate his fill of beef hotpot and insisted Sherlock have a proper portion as well.
Yes, I know, I changed the order of the scenes, but I think you'll forgive me in the next chapter, because someone is making a comeback!
His thoughts were interrupted by a shrill whistle, blown by one of three guards rushing through the crowd. The pickpocket seized the moment to weasel away from the boy’s grasp and escape at an impressive speed. Not losing a beat, the boy, the reindeer and the guards ran after the pickpocket and out of Sherlock’s line of sight.
Mycroft sniffled as he stepped away from his father again. He was the prince heir of Londondalle, he must rise to the challenge before him. He stood up straight and nodded his agreement.
Sherlock placed his cup on the side table and steepled his fingers under his chin in a deliberately slow, contemplative pace.
“She can be our client!” Mycroft suggested as he knelt behind the snow-woman and grabbed her icy arms. “Oh, detective Sherlock! You must help me catch my husband’s murderer!” he pleaded in a squeaky voice, waving her arms up and down for added effect. “Also, eat your carrots!”
es!” Sherlock had recently discovered the concept of property ownership and now incorporated it into every playtime.
Sherlock took a small sip of his own wine and rested his forearms on the wooden railing. He had led Jim through several service corridors until they had reached a narrow balcony overlooking the Ballroom. It was an exceptional spot to observe the activity going down below, while being obscured by the heavy tapestries and the dim candlelight.
“Yes, we will,” Sherlock confirmed. “We will take the evening train to Exeter and we shall meet you and Lady Violet at the castle first thing in the morning.”
He climbed a wooden stool to reach the cupboard, Harry playfully nipping at his socked ankles. John took a moment to look outside the frosty window panes and spared a thought for his father. Outside the cabin, the sun had yet to rise. The sky was dark but clear and scattered with stars. Off in the distance he could hear Bill Murray ringing the bell to rise the ice harvesters.
In transient safety of his study, Mycroft made his way towards the balcony. He rested his hands on the handles, gathering his courage before facing his people. Once again, he recited his father’s advice.
It would be best to remain undetected, John decided. He gestured Harry to follow him and went around the dark rocks, looking for a way to gain higher ground. He soon found a slanted boulder that provided a steep ramp for them to climb.
2. Whitehall - Although a physical location in London, it's also used as metonym to refer to the civil service section of the UK government.
My apologies for the wait, but these song-chapters are hard work... I hope you enjoy it and maybe sing along, too!
The Grand Stamford understood his question and shook his head sadly. “I’m sorry, your Highness. But this magic is as part of you as the blood in your veins and the marrow in your bones.”
The foreman deposited John unceremoniously next to Danny on the reindeer pelt, much to the general amusement.
, he reminded himself sternly. His body was his transport and was, unlike his useless mare, completely under his mind’s rule. He’d just have to order one foot in front of the other. Again. And again. Yes, he could do this. He could thread through the snow on his own as long as his mind was clear. Onwards, then, to find Mycroft, or barring that, some dry place to spend the night and wait out the storm.
So, when was Sherlock’s first post? We have to fast forward into TBB territory, to the 23rd of March.
I have been following the series since 2011, so I remember that this link would take us to Sherlock’s website and show us some coded messages that we could try and solve. This message in particular was something vaguely threatening written in
“'ave you tried my gift, by any chance?” he asked in an unctuous tone, pushing his head against the gap. From that distance Sherlock could smell his breath, as rotten as his own felt inside his mouth.
“That’s because you’re in hypothermia, you idiot!” the man replied curtly while Angelo deposited the prince in an armchair by the fire. “Sit down and give me your feet!” he ordered.
A cold thread of doubt tightened in his stomach at the joyful sound. Locked away in the Palace since he was five-years-old, he didn’t have any reliable information on how people behaved in the real world. Worse, he had no idea on how to interact with them. What if things didn’t go as expected? What if he miscalculated? What if he failed?
John couldn't make out the faces of the mysterious group, but he could see how tensely they held themselves and how carefully they walked. The man and the boy walked slowly forward, while the woman stopped repeatedly to look behind her, before clutching the orange bundle she held to her chest and rushing after the other two.
It’s funny how someone who we haven’t met in the show (yet!) has such an important role in the blog. I would say that she is, along with Sherlock, responsible for the majority of the comments on the blog.
“Daddy, I didn’t mean to do it…” he pointed at the frosted window, not daring to move from his spot. “I was just looking outside at the snow and- and... Why did it happen?” He clutched his hands to his chest, trying to hide them away from view.
I can’t quite place the date of this last scene in 221b, can’t make out the date on Sherlock’s newspaper… Is this on the 28th? It would make sense because the timestamps in the comments are relatively early (around 13:00). I assume John wrote up the case after this breakfast scene.
, this is the first time Sherlock actually comments on John’s blog. If you look at this through TJLC glasses, maybe you can see that Sherlock, who is more than a little intrigued by John, decides to have a look around his blog and makes a seemingly irrelevant comment on his latest post. I say irrelevant because he doesn’t make any reference to neither of the cases John has just mentioned… Guys, he’s flirting…
, which we can assume is Moriarty (I’ll talk more about this in a future post, just take my word for it for now…)
Harry, the traitor, stood up and stretched languidly before trotting after Bill into the kitchen. John, now divested of blankets and pillow, resigned himself to his fate. He stood up from his cot, put on his shoes and blearily made his way into the next room.
The ice harvesters arrived at the lake just as the horizon was turning a dark shade of pink. The frosty wind blew gently through the trees, waking the birds that rested on their branches.
But what good would it do? The people would never accept a freak as their king. They would turn against him and anyone who would associate with him - his brother included.
“No reason, sir. I'm just surprised to see you, is all.” Billy explained. “My old man used to work at the Palace when you was little, you see? Used to tell us stories about how you and your brother would run around the Palace, gettin’ in all kinds of trouble.” He flashed a conspiratorial smile at the prince, but it melted quickly when confronted with Sherlock’s stony look. “Then one day, he was sent home with a bag of money, sayin’ they was closing down the gates and that they wouldn’t be needin’ a big staff no more.”
Behind John, Harry whined and stood up, sensing the tension in her companion. Feeling his temper rising but not wanting to commit any offence against the Crown, John decided to cut the conversation short.
He grabbed the hem of his robe and stomped his left foot on the marble floor. A clear film of ice started to spread from under his foot to cover the entire ballroom floor.
“It’s alright, Harry,” he assured his friend, “It’s a pretty song, isn’t it?” He asked, scratching the reindeer under her chin. Harry closed her eyes and stretched her neck with pleasure.
Mycroft stood motionless, too terrified to move. This wasn’t supposed to happen. He was wearing his gloves. The gloves were supposed to work.
He took a few seconds to regain his breath and look for Jim across the dark hallway. He found his friend peering intently at the foreign dignitaries, who’s angry voices could be heard echoing along the high ceilings.
“Sherlock Holmes, I made a reservation,” the detective announced, handing her the reservation printouts.
Suddenly, the ice under him had broken into pieces and his feet were hovering in the air. Bill Murray had pulled him up by the collar of his woolen jumper just in time to save him from falling into the icy water.
This is a huge step for me. This is my second only fic, and the first time I attempt to do multiple chapters.I have made sure not to search for any other Frozen AUs on AO3, so I wouldn't feel intimidated. I have no idea how many of these are out there, but this is my own take on this alternate universe. I hope you will enjoy it. I'm having a lot of fun writing it.
Jim held his higher notes in a clear tenor while Sherlock found different notes with his rich baritone, playing with the harmony of the duet.
But instead of giving in to the drug’s call, Sherlock had devised a plan. It was obvious to anyone with a brain (even Mycroft), that Sherlock had a natural talent for crime solving, and wasting it with dusty cases was a disservice to Londondalle. He would prove his worth with a fresh, demanding case, and assert his place as a bona fide Detective (capitalized as well).
There was no point in waking John at this hour to make him drink alcohol and eat fatty foods (where could one find a chip shop at 2.30 AM in St. Ives?). Opening the windows to irritate John’s oversensitive sinuses was not time-effective and probably would be considered a bit not good. Besides, the case that had brought them to rural Cornwall was still unfolding and although it looked like a disappointing case of embezzlement, Sherlock should make sure to keep them both in perfect health in case the suspects proved to be a bit more slippery than estimated.
“Us... lying next to each other on the snow, panting… People might talk,” he explained simply, before a twitch of his lips betrayed his indifferent facade.
The young woman bolted from behind her desk and up the stairs, leaving Sherlock to follow her to the second floor towards their room. Once there, she opened the door for Sherlock’s inspection. The detective entered the room and stopped in his tracks.
Sherlock hugged his brother tightly. “Thank you!” he climbed inside the boat and looked at his crew mate. “Come on Redbeard, we have a job to do!”
Suddenly, the voices were silent and replaced with the shuffling of rapidly retreating steps. Sherlock heard the click of the suspect's knees as he stood to follow his targets.
“Well, he is the prince heir, he needs to learn how to rule the Kingdom.” She stood up from her chair and put away Sherlock’s towel and slippers. “Good news is, you’ll have breakfast with your lady mother today.”
he promised himself. With a look of deep concentration, he gathered a sphere of energy in each hand and threw them on the ground. They shot through the snowflake's limbs with a purple flash and sprang upwards into the air to form icy pillars all around the king. With a flick of his wrists, Mycroft pushed the snowflake upwards along the pillars, forming the basic structure of a large building with the snowflake (and himself) at the very centre.
Sherlock closed his eyes, steepled his fingers under his chin and delved into his memories. He remembered one morning when he came out of his bedroom to find John passed out drunk after a night out with Lestrade, sleeping fully clothed on the living room rug and using his bomber jacket as a pillow. He hadn’t been snoring then, so why was he snoring now? Sherlock knew that the sleep induced by alcohol intoxication was different from natural sleep, but if anything, it would induce further muscle relaxation, thus facilitating the act of snoring.
The fire was already roaring in the kitchen’s hearth, painting everything in rich orange hues. Bill stood by the iron cauldron that bubbled over the fire, pouring porridge into large bowls. Harry was gobbling up her bucket full of oats by the washing basin. John patted her rump on his way to the table. He accepted his porridge from Bill with a yawned ‘thank you’.
Sherlock closed his laptop and quietly pushed back his chair. He padded his way towards his single bed and sat down as soundlessly as the old spring mattress allowed. After comfortably arranging his limbs, he concentrated his attention on the man sleeping soundly (and sonorously) on the opposite bed.
John is mollified by Sherlock’s reaction to seeing him. He realizes that Sherlock does care about him (
Mycroft had had enough. “No, it’s late, go to bed!” he pushed his little brother off the bed and pulled his covers over his head, trying to shut himself from the world.
“Because you’re not a rich man,” Sherlock answered in the rapid-fire pattern John was starting to associate with him. “You depend on the profits of each ice-harvesting season to survive the rest of the year, and this season has been abruptly cut short. Besides, carrot prices will surely skyrocket with all this ill timed snow. Entire crops, ruined!”
Sherlock recoiled instinctively. He had to force himself to lean back down in order to keep listening.
Suddenly, the Queen appeared at her husband’s side, followed by a group of distraught maids. She was still tying her robe around her slight frame when she stopped at the sight of the room. Her face lost all colour when she noticed her sons.
Apparently not bothered by the lack of response, the snow woman adjusted her icy skirt and smiled happily at the two men. “Hello, I’m Mrs Hudson and my husband was murdered by a sea lion,” she curtsied.
Sherlock had been expecting this question and delivered the lie he had prepared. “The Exeter Library holds a very interesting manuscript from the fifteenth century concerning various plant-based poisons. I’ve been wanting to take a look at it for quite some time and since Mr Peterson will be so kind as to pay for our travel expenses, it seems like a perfect opportunity for a visit.” He pointed at the train schedules that had just appeared on his screen. “We’ll take the train to Exeter and a rental car from there to a nearby village. We can have a nice dinner and settle in. We’ll meet with Mr Peterson the next morning, I’ll retrieve the necklace in under one hour and then charm the old lady into forgiving her butler. We’ll have the rest of the day to ourselves and be back at Baker Street before dinner time.”
“I’m not a damsel in distress,” Sherlock protested half-heartedly, feeling lighter for his outburst.
The quiet was suddenly cut by hoofsteps, quickly growing louder. John had only time to sit up when two horses galloped past his sled in the opposite direction, up the mountain. One of the horses left a misty trail that fell softly on the grass they trode, freezing it.
The Palace was quiet when he arrived. Night had already fallen and the only source of light were the few chandeliers that lit the main stairway. Sherlock’s footsteps echoed in the empty halls as he made his way inside. He bypassed his own bedroom and reached his brother’s perpetually closed door. Moonlight shone on the door, painting the colourful decorations in muted tones of blue and gray.
Without preamble, Sherlock rushed past Jim towards the Palace, but stopped a few feet down the street to turn and wave awkwardly goodbye.
His smile disappeared uncomfortably when Sherlock remained still, silently staring him down. Perhaps if Sherlock gave him nothing to work with, the Ambassador would just give up and scurry off back to his friends, and Mycroft wouldn’t accuse him of saying something impolite to his guests.
The vexed ice harvester was stunned silent for a moment before a small smile grew on his lips. “That’s not what I meant,” he explained a bit more gently, “What are you doing?”
John woke with a start when his head fell forward. He sniffled and rubbed his tired eyes with a gloved hand. His other hand kept a light hold on Harry’s reins, mostly for appearance’s sake. He knew the reindeer had learned the path back to the ice harverster’s cabins and would lead them there without any guidance from John, but he didn’t want to look like he wasn’t in control of his own sledge.
“I’ll help you,” he declared with a solemn face. “Londondalle, no, the world needs your talents! And if your brother refuses, I’ll…” he stepped back and approached the suit of armour standing by the window. He took its menacing iron mace from its grasp and raised it with some effort, “I’ll just ride in and burst the gates open again!”
He put his head out of the window and looked up. A smile blossomed on his lips. If he stepped on the ledge maybe he could reach the eave and climb onto the roof. After a moment of consideration, Sherlock pushed up a chair by the window and stepped up on the windowsill. He resolutely ignored the seventeen feet drop in front of him and reached for the roof. The eave was just a few inches away from his fingertips, so he took a deep breath and jumped up. He managed to grab the roof’s edge but there he encountered a problem. Pushing himself up was a lot harder than anticipated. Sherlock’s arms were short and thin, and lacking strength to push his skinny body up.
Sherlock's knees hit the frozen ground as he watched the ice spreading across the bay, slowly trapping the moored ships in a cold embrace. In the distance, the burgundy speck that was his brother disappeared into the dark forest.
*wipes brows* Damn, that was a big one! If you are a fan of meta, you may recognize @sagestreet's theory that says that daddy Holmes may have had an affair with uncle Rudy. I'll post the link as soon as I find it.
“I’m sorry! Oh, I’m so sorry!” a male voice replied. He let Sherlock go as soon as they reached the boardwalk “Are you ok?” it asked shyly.
The price sat upright with a start but a painful crick in his neck quickly made him regret his decision. He winced and cursed under his breath. The man gave a nervous chuckle as he pulled his mop back under the edge.
The younger man hoisted a length of rope over the roof and tied it in a complicated knot. Only when he was happy with his handiwork did he pushed on his hands to climb onto the roof.
He gave the King and Queen a short bow as they approached. They did not try to touch him, but smiled kindly nonetheless.
His father held out his hand and Mycroft gulped. Meekly, he left the relative safety of her mother’s side and stepped forward. A soldier helped him up and sat him in front of the King.
“And why did Powers’ murderer decide to just pop back up right before the coronation, huh? Talk about coincidences...” the Ambassador carried on despite Sherlock’s resolute silence. “What made him confess? What are you hiding? Did you pay him?”
Not to be deterred, Sherlock scrambled up the bed and laid unceremoniously on top of Mycroft, ignoring his protests as to being used as a mattress.
. He walked carefully away from the ice and onto the snow that had been amassing near the thrones. “I’ve been practicing it in the bath.”
If he had looked outside, he would have seen his brother’s black curls as he stubbornly tried to make his way against the moving crowd. Realizing that there were too many people on the bridge that connected the Palace courtyard to the town square, Sherlock swiftly jumped onto the stone parapet to avoid the moving crowd.
Although he doesn’t care to admit, he is human, and has instincts, survival instincts. He first tests the hypothesis that gives him the best chance of survival - falling backwards. And he runs the events that follow that choice in his Mind Palace.
Sherlock found his mother already sitting at the table in the Breakfast Room. She had her copper brown hair tied in a complicated braid around her head and wore her purple shawl over a dark blue dress. She was talking hurriedly with one of her maids when Sherlock and Mrs Turner entered the room, but the conversation was cut short as soon as Sherlock reached his mother’s side. The maid stepped aside quietly, her eyes never leaving the young prince.
his voice broke suddenly on the last word and he clamped his mouth shut, trying to reign in the sadness that threatened to spill over.
“You wouldn’t be able to save anyone if you’d lost your toes to frostbite,” John answered, crossing his arms over his chest.
The footmen scrambled to convey the orders as Mycroft turned back inside, closing the door behind him one last time.
As the snowflake expanded under him, Mycroft could feel his magic vibrating in his chest and tingling in his fingers, begging to be let out.
Filled with adrenaline, Sherlock didn’t spare any thought to the suspect’s injury and jumped on his back, holding his hands securely behind him.
The detective carefully gathered all this new information to deposit in his Mind Palace. He closed his eyes, took a deep breath and entered the main hall. Passing under the chandeliers, he noticed that their crystal beads trembled softy, rhythmically. Then, climbing up the marble staircase to ascend to the first floor, he noticed the portraits vibrating in the same rhythm. When he turned left to his John Watson Wing he could definitely make out a rumbling noise with each vibration. As he walked further along the hall, the sound grew stronger, shaking the very walls and opening cracks along the ceiling. Sherlock quickened his pace while objects fell down shelves and cabinets, shattering at his feet. Finding the door to the room he wanted, he reached his hand to the brass door handle, bits of plaster falling from the walls-
The group of foreign dignitaries was headed by an elegant man in his late thirties, with brown eyes and cropped, graying hair, donning a formal military attire. The man had an air of quiet, easy competence about him that captured Sherlock’s attention as he approached the stage and bowed deeply in front of Mycroft.
Ignoring the old woman’s grumbles, Sherlock rushed into the once closed-off Ballroom. The usually deserted room was now busy with activity. Footmen were setting tables against the walls while maids brought in platters of food and drink in preparation for the evening guests. Mrs Turner was arguing with the cook in a far corner, while several musicians were noisily tuning their instruments right beside them.
“This village is the closest to both the castle and Exeter. Since your only requirement was that you sleep in a mould-free environment, I thought this was the most sensible choice.” He locked the car and went in, leaving John to negotiate the bags.
Once again, John had managed to do something unpredictable and take him by surprise. A smile tugged at the corner of the detective's mouth. If there was anything one could rely on, it was the utter unpredictability of John Watson. This was no time for indulgences, though. His knowledge has been shown to be wanting and now he must correct this oversight.
ounds boring.” Sherlock was relieved he wasn’t dragged along to some dull event, but he was a little disappointed to have been left behind.
Mycroft got up from behind their snow-woman, pushing his hair back from over his eyes. Unlike his brother’s curly black hair, his was straight and almost white. Combined with his fair skin and light blue eyes, it gave him a gelid complexion.
It’s also interesting to know that Harry is surprised to learn that John was a womanizer before he was deployed to Afganistan. This implies
The foreman had employed his father this harvesting season, eight-year-old son in tow and all. But the problem that had driven Hamish Watson from their
Sherlock tried to turn his head but another bout of vertigo made the room spin around him. “I can’t...” he mumbled, feeling his vision blurring again.
Suddenly, Mycroft turned around and rushed out of the room, provoking another wave of startled cries from the crowd.
“It’s that Seb here can be a bit of an oaf,” Jim explained as he walked back to his horse, who stood a few feet away from them, eying the water with distrust. Jim patted the gray stallion on the chest and smiled apologetically back at Sherlock.
, he conveniently leaves out any part of the episode related to Mycroft (Andrew West’s body and the Bruce-Partington Plans). It makes sense for John to avoid writing anything about what can very well be secret state information. Mycroft is completely erased from the blog.
His bleary eyes struggled for a second before he realised that the stable door was wide open and that beyond it stood the silhouette of a tall man, cut against the backdrop of the snowstorm.
Making up his mind, he sniffed and jutted up his chin. Since he didn't really know how he was supposed to use the powder, Sherlock decided to take the most obvious route. He gathered up his courage and took out the cork stopper, tipping the bottle's contents on his tongue in one swift motion.
Feeling his patience snap at the accusation, Sherlock turned to the annoying man with a cruel smile.
Sherlock pushed his hands into his coat pockets, joining his companion in his contemplation. “Beautiful, isn’t it?”
“What?!” he hissed, schooling his features into an annoyed scowl. For all the proper occasions to finish their song, an undercover mission wasn’t one of them.
“Fetch the Queen’s cloak and mine,” he barked at the maids. They curtsied nervously and ran to comply with the order.
“Send soldiers to the southern coast to look for any wreckage.” Mycroft’s voice was clear and sober. “You will inform me if they find anything of significance.”
Sherlock woke again with bright sunlight filling the bedroom. The first thing he registered was the deep sense of relaxation he felt after a good night’s sleep.
He cleaned his tear stained cheeks with his coat sleeves and considered his options. He took Billy’s bottle from his pocket and lifted it carefully up against the moonlight to give it an experimental shake. The powder, dull gray in the dim light, danced in soft rivulets inside the glass.
). Sherlock's lips turned in a satisfied smile. The deserted garden would be a perfect spot for a criminal act.
The Queen raised one eyebrow with an amused smile. “Why wouldn’t we…? Yes, we’re leaving. We’re leaving now, in fact.”
“Really? Cool!” Sherlock's eyes brightened with excitement. He usually only shared dinner with his parents and this was a welcome change to his day. The boy ignored Mrs Turner sound of disapproval at the colloquialism and jumped from the bed, making sure to ruffle his still damp curls before reaching for the door.
After a few seconds of silence, Sherlock heard the soft click of a door opening and closing. To his ears it sounded more terrible than the violent slam from before.
Mycroft took a moment to assess his surroundings. If he could just make it out of the gates, across the bridge and through the town, then he would reach the forest, perhaps find a hiding place deep within the mountains. From there he could devise a plan, and escape Londondalle.
He stood up and steered Mr Peterson towards the door. The man was so thankful he didn’t realize he was being dismissed. “Rest assured, Mr Peterson, I will find the necklace. Now if you will excuse me, we need to make some arrangements before we set off. Goodbye!”
John nodded and set about finishing the last dregs in his bowl. He felt a cold blast of air on his back when Bill Murray stepped into the night with his lamp, before he closed the heavy door behind him.
Sherlock made his way down towards the trees without a second thought, leaving the ice harvest to stew by himself.
The spell was broken by the sound of approaching footsteps. The young prince jumped up and ran back towards his room, closing the door after him.
He opened the window with a flourish. The chill breeze that flew in was a blessing against his heated cheeks.
Please forgive my self indulgence with this little chapter. I wasn't describing the effects of any particular real-life drug, I was just having fun with the narration.
Sherlock’s heart skipped a beat when he noticed Jim, sitting two rows behind the old man, looking straight back at him. The foreign prince smiled and waved discreetly in greeting. Sherlock pursed his lips to avoid his returning smile and gave a slight nod. Feeling awkwardly exposed, Sherlock forced himself to tear his gaze from the smiling prince and continued his scan of the guests, but soon enough his eyes wandered back to Jim. His heart gave another pleasant jolt in his chest when he saw that the prince was still looking at him, his brown eyes glinting with amusement.
“Sherlock!” Mycroft threw his hands forward to produce a snow bank under his brother. But in his rush he missed his mark and the white magic blast hit Sherlock, knocking him unconscious before he met the floor with a terrible thud.
The man’s smile grew and his shoulders relaxed with genuine relief. “Well, we’re seeing each other, now...” he replied, trailing off.
“I want to figure out what happened to Mr Powers as a gesture of good will, as it were,” Mycroft continued, “If we solve this case, the current Gaulian Prime Minister may be persuaded to attend the coronation. We’ll be able to discuss a new trade deal during the celebrations.”
In a practiced motion, they reached the main hall and hid behind one of the suits of armor that stood against the walls. The boys stayed crouched in the shadows to wait for the bored night guard to pass them and leave the doors to the ballroom unprotected. Soon enough, they heard the guard's slow footsteps approach and then fade into the distance. As one, they sprinted towards the imposing double doors of the ballroom and pushed on the heavy brass handles to open them just enough to sneak inside. The princes looked at each other and smiled. Mission accomplished.
If there was something Sherlock enjoyed, it was explaining his deductive reasoning to an interested audience. He was therefore more than happy to oblige John’s curiosity. “Mycroft’s powers are the source of this unseasonably cold weather, the storm, the snow and the wind, correct?” he asked, not waiting for an answer and carrying on, “I noticed that the wind, and consequently the storm, were blowing from his direction ever since he ran across Londondalle bay - first to the east and then steadily from the north since I left the Palace. So, what’s located directly north of Londondalle bay, beyond the town and the forest?”
“Really?” John crossed his arms. “The woman is paranoid and disoriented, it’s textbook Alzheimer’s. What’s your real interest in this case?”
The next morning, John found the world’s only consulting detective sitting fully clothed inside the small bathtub, typing away on the laptop perched precariously on his knees.
A sardonic smile blossomed in Mycroft’s face. “I see that the substance is dulling your eyesight as well as your sense of smell,” he taunted, relaxing his posture.
Mycroft let out a weary sigh at the display, motioning to the guards who had gathered around them. “Oh for God’s sake… Take him away,” he pointed at the prisoner.
"Born with the powers or cursed?" the Grand Stamford asked the King, motioning his staff towards Mycroft. The boy made a valiant effort not to hide behind his father.
“Listen…” the man interrupted, raising his head. He fixed his dark blue eyes on Sherlock’s lighter ones before explaining in a softer, almost confidential tone. “We need to get you out of these wet clothes and warmed up again. Right now. Alright?”
“Redbeard!” Sherlock called out and moved to save his crewmate, losing his balance and falling over himself.
Satisfied with the answer, the King gave a short nod and made towards the door. The Queen approached her eldest son and raised her arms as if to hug him, but she quickly lowered them when Mycroft shoulders stiffened in response.
Giddy with excitement, the prince broke into a run down the main street and onto the docks, relishing the scent of briny air with every deep breath.
But the change wouldn’t come. After almost two hours of observation, John continued to sleep silently.
“Don’t be dull, Mycroft,” Sherlock spat, making sure his voice traveled all the way across the enraptured crowd. “Jim has helped me capture this dangerous assassin and prevent a terrible tragedy. On your coronation day, no less!"
The prince looked determinedly at his reflection and adjusted his hair one last time before turning towards his bed. There he dropped to a crouch and reached a long arm under the frame to extract a little leather pouch from its hiding place. It clinked when he hid it his jacket's inner pocket.
John gave Harry’s reins a gentle tug, and she happily pulled the sledge back into motion. Sherlock sat back and trained his eyes forward, determined to ignore the self-satisfied grin that pulled on the ice harvester’s lips.
, he thought, narrowing his eyes at the offending satelite. He’ll show it. As soon as he could get that stupid window open he’d pluck it from the sky and eat it, too.
Sherlock anticipates that he is going to survive, but he will still be alone. Mary will be gone, yes, but she is going to die as a martyr and her ghost will dictate how Sherlock and John will live. John is going to be alone, consumed with grieve and guilt, raising Rosie. He is not going to come back to Baker Street. They will both be lonely. Most of all, Sherlock will fail in his first and only Vow - to keep the three Watsons safe.
Without preamble, Mycroft grabbed him by the arm and dragged him to the end of the Ballroom, towards a secluded area at the foot of the stage. Music filled the air once again, as the orchestra did their best to dispel the awkwardness of Sherlock’s interruption.
There was a quick knock on the window that made Sherlock jump up in alarm. Turning around, the prince saw Billy standing outside on his window washer's platform, waving happily at him.
“Just wait a moment,” the prince said, returning his attention to the burgundy cape wrapped around a thin branch, just out of reach of his prying fingers.
Mycroft, always of a more practical mind, was going around the ballroom, making sure that every door was closed. He scoffed at his brother’s dazed expression. Being impressed by moonlight was not something he considered befitting of a royal prince.
A pickpocket! Stealing right before his eyes! How incredible was that?! Sherlock jumped up and ran to the door, his heart hammering in his chest.
Before John could expound any further, Angelo came clomping into the room, rubbing his hands together in satisfaction.
Sherlock took a moment before powering through the rest of the story in the hopes that John wouldn’t notice his blunder if he overwhelmed him with all the details. “Well, it turned out that the assassin wasn’t really an assassin, but one of my brother’s spies - but the point still stands. Mycroft had a tantrum and refused to give me his blessing, so I told him I was going to leave the palace to live with Jim. He liked that even less, so tempers rose, there was some shouting and he released his ice powers, which was shocking for everyone, including him, I think-”
Mycroft stepped back inside and closed his window with a bang. Not backing down, Sherlock turned around and stretched enough to lightly kick the top of his brother’s window.
Mycroft looked up, confused. His face became a study of outrage as soon as he saw Sherlock casually sitting on the roof. “What do you think you’re doing?!” he cried.
Sherlock peeked out of his door when he heard footsteps leaving Mycroft’s room. The fact that they didn’t turn towards his own bedroom was a good sign he wasn’t in trouble. Or maybe they were going to talk in private to decide on a special punishment… Sherlock was too anxious about it to wait quietly for his fate. He decided to climb back up on the roof, this time through his bedroom window, and listen in on his parents.
“Who?” The Queen was becoming irritated by her husband’s secrecy. The freezing mist fell more heavily from Mycroft’s hands.
Sherlock was lost in his mental calculations of probability of violent crimes versus the availability of alcoholic beverages when Mycroft finally appeared, looking as pleased as punch. On any other day, Sherlock would offer a scathing remark about his brother’s unusual tardiness - one or two did make themselves readily available in his mind - but he pushed them away decidedly. Today he had to make sure he remained in his brother’s good books, so he opted to just plaster on a smile and give Mycroft a small bow as he approached.
“Welcome sir, please have a look around, I’ll be with you shortly.” Sherlock could hear Angelo calling out in the distance.
Mycroft seemed to ignore the slight bitterness of Sherlock’s tone and kept his contented gaze on the dancing guests. “I did,” he replied.
There was the sound of uneven steps on the wooden floor and then he heard the stranger’s voice near his head.
“It wasn’t ss-snowing…” Sherlock retorted, tired of being treated like a dimwit, but soon realized he hadn’t the energy to explain. “I’m loo-ooking... for my brother,” he managed to say, “Did you sss-ee anyone... pass through here?”
He groaned and stretched his legs, toeing off his shoes. With a few more movements he was able to get out of his coat without leaving the dark cocoon of his feather duvet.
I'm soooo sorry for the hiatus, but between life's general shittiness and writer's block, this chapter was very hard to put to words. But hopefully now I can go back to a kinda-sorta rhythm with this fic. Remember, comments and kudos make me very happy :)Still unbeta-ed for now, may be edited later.
Mistaking Sherlock’s silence for interest, Anderson continued in his conspiratorial tone. “I’m to be appointed to Londondalle soon, and what better place to start building my network than with the royal prince, hm?” he asked with a smirk.
The sharp ringing of the church’s bells cut suddenly through the air, snapping Sherlock out of his reverie.
Sally and the mysterious theimprobableone add their two cents. Sherlock ends the discussion two hours after John comes downstairs with a resounding “
Sherlock turned his nose up in the air and left, making sure to leave both the bathroom and the bedroom doors wide open.
A soft chuckle made him turn around. John was leaning against the sink with his arms crossed, wearing an amused expression that said
"There’s no way out, you idiot,” Sherlock snarled. “The bay is frozen solid and there’s a storm coming," he pointed towards the mountains, where dark storm clouds were gathering to obscure the moonlit sky.
Beside him, Jim raised his hands to hide his delighted smile. “Oh, this is going to be amazing! We should follow them!”
Sherlock had almost no time to think about what had just happened before the Master of Ceremonies was calling his name too.
Billy’s smile grew slowly, revealing more than a few missing teeth. “I think you want some more. It’ll be two crowns, please.”
This has been haunting my dreams for months. Back in early 2017, we were still reeling from the fuckiness of S4. One of the most noticeable changes to the Sherlock universe in S4 was the skull painting hanging in the 221b sitting room.
You may have noticed something familiar with the first few paragraphs. I tried to play a bit with the story-telling and gave the three main characters the same waking sequence.
If only he had ignored Sherlock and stayed in bed, his brother would have been safe. He was the older brother, he was supposed to be the sensible one. Why had he given in?
His mind set, Sherlock began shuffling through the snow, his gaze focused intently on his feet should they dare disobey him. So focused was he that he did not notice how his path ended abruptly in a steep drop. Before he could realize his mistake, Sherlock had stepped over the edge, without even time to yell in surprise.
1. Alea iacta est - latin phrase meaning "The die has been cast." Mycroft is a classical snob like that.
Satisfied that Jim would not be falling behind, or, even worse, expose them, Sherlock let himself focus solely in the task ahead. Although he couldn’t make out the words, the voices were clear (
Heartened by this small victory, he tucked his frozen hands under his arms and took a careful look at his surroundings. So, current status: he was in the middle of a mystical snow storm, alone and cold - so very cold.
A guard came running to meet him, hand on his sword’s hilt. “Yes, your Highness! What’s wrong?” he asked, slightly out of breath.
He resigned himself to discreetly inspect the crowd and identify possible criminals. Having no immediate family (beside the once-again absent uncle Rudy) to attend the ceremony, the first row in Mycroft’s coronation was occupied by his ministers, who Sherlock had already studied at length.
The prince took a step back and raised his chin, daring Billy to cut through the mindless banter and get to the point. “What do you think?” he answered.
I can just imagine him growing more and more outraged while reading TBB post, writing and angry comment, going back to ASIP post to see what else John wrote about their cases and just losing it.
As soon as he reached the top of the steps, Sherlock felt the weight of hundreds of scared and confused eyes pinning him to the spot. A few townspeople still remained in the courtyard, their curiosity outweighing their better judgment, while the honoured guests were being politely shepherded back into the Palace. All turned at the sight of the distraught prince, mindless of the thin layer of snow that now covered the courtyard.
All the better, Sherlock thought with a sigh. He really didn’t feel like getting up today. His head felt funny - a bit empty, like his brain was sloshing around in his head. Maybe he was sick? He raised his hand to his forehead, like he’d seen Mrs Turner and his mother do when he had a fever, but recoiled with a yelp when he touched a painful bump above his right eyebrow. He prodded the tender bruise with his fingers, trying to remember when and where he had bumped his head. When nothing came to mind he went through the previous day's events, like Mycroft had taught him to do whenever he lost something. He had woken up, had breakfast, had his lessons like usual... Then, after dinner, he had played outside with Mycroft - no, inside… Or had they played before dinner? They had played pirates, no, detectives…
) and is not some cold blooded machine. But I think there is still a measure of caution in John’s words. He says that Sherlock does care, despite himself. He values their friendship, but he still lashes out and calls him a freak.
“But don’t worry, I’ll leave the fun.” The Grand Stamford smiled benevolently at Mycroft. He moved his staff again and the image coalesced into a bright blue sphere. With a downward motion of his free hand the sphere descended slowly on Sherlock and disappeared into his forehead.
“And besides, you should stock up,” he carried on. “The guards 'ave been looking at me funny and I’m not planning on rotting in jail, thank you very much. I’m making a proper amount of money 'ere at the Palace, but if I start feeling like they’re on to me, I’ll pack my things and go. And then what will you do?” he asked, raising a fuzzy eyebrow.
It's more or less a fanon thing that Sherlock had a lisp as a child, so I decided to incorporate it in his lines.
“Sod off,” Sherlock growled, lowering his gaze back to the documents and curling his shoulders forward.
Filled with renewed energy, Mycroft turned towards the mountain's jagged summit and broke into a run. The burning in his muscles was not painful anymore, but grounding. He was alive, this moment was his and he could do anything he wanted to with it.
“But you have siblings. Quite a few in fact,” Sherlock stated, “Why doesn’t your father send them instead?”
Mycroft moved the waves towards each other until the boats touched lightly and pushed them apart again.
Mycroft remained stone still in the face of his brother’s outburst, his indifference only betrayed by his rapid breathing.
If you are reading the blog in order, this is the first post Sherlock leaves a comment on. But if you pay attention to the time stamp, you see this is not the first time he comments. He’s probably not reading the posts in chronological order. In fact, he comments a month an a half after the case was posted.
