He was grumpy and despised the intrusion even more now that the threat still hung in the air. He wasn’t deserving of what occurred in church, not when he was evidently trying to prove his maturity at the age of twenty and five effortlessly every single day that passed by.
“Suppose I wanted you to take control of me,” Castiel dipped his head slowly dragged his gaze from the bowl to green orbs. “Suppose I trust you that much.”
It was him; in all his glory, up close and an instant reminder of Darcy's inflamed flaws.
"What look?" Cas' chest felt mushy.
“Get out of here.” he was stunned, studying my face in complete awe. “As in you’ve saved his day?”
Sam, hoping that the phone call ended, felt tears burn his eyes from his brother’s words because evidently Dean was containing so much inside of him that he didn’t reveal earlier through their conversation. He was obviously in love, head over heels and was now coming to terms with his feelings.
"I don't get why you even use
"So you still walk with it everywhere you go? You're such a softie," Amanda said smiling. "If he shows up now, do you honestly think that you could propose to him? After what happened?"
Castiel pulled his coat together and sat up as straight as a poker, “mind you, I do have quite an attractive rear. What do you think?”
“What do you know, Dean?”
“I know, I know. And I’m ashamed of it. But then there is so much certainty and then so many blank spaces. I’m not sure where we are….
“It’s been too long,” Mary captured his face between her palms. She frowned. “Do you know how many times I wanted to find you? Dean never told me exactly what happened but I know that you left. And I kept wondering what I could do to make you stay. Then, when I realized that I shouldn’t get involved, I stepped back. But we still need to knock back some whiskey.” Her eyes sparkled when she laughed.
“In case you didn’t notice, um, this happens to be
Instead, after returning his glass to the table, he went to stand by the window in an attitude that suggested the depth of too much thinking happening all at once.
"It happens to the best of us," Castiel smiled after he had already made the general assumption that the younger Winchester was absolutely likeable.
"You lucky I felt sorry for you and took you in here. I don't usually pull rejects off of my waiting list," she said, her tone leaking with sarcasm, leaning onto the desk with her arms folded.
It was like his brother had mentioned over the phone many nights ago; novel and unlike anything he had ever experienced in his life, because Castiel was so much in love with Dean and attracted to his body, that he really moved past any other discomfort from reflex to settle on savoring the moment.
“That’s not a house,” Dean gestured at the Novak’s residence, the tone of his voice rising a little from nervousness. “It’s a freaking mansion.”
Dean offered his brother a look of utter surprise and scoffed. “Listen, you shouldn’t talk about screwing before marriage.”
He knew. From the moment Cas realized that the pieces had indeed fitted together, and they were on the same page, he felt as if his entire world had turned upside down. "Dean…"
"This reminds me of how hurt I was when the two of you fell out and you blocked me out of your life," Sam said in a saddened tone. "You didn't answer my calls. You didn't even take some time to respond to my texts. And I felt so damn lost, I kept worrying about you, but you never reached out. And now, all I can say is that on my behalf, as your best friend, Cas, I'm so hurt that you couldn't come to me and talk to me."
Dean though, was too impressed and too bruised by the response. “So let me get this straight,” he rose up from the chair and instantly missed the soft, warmth and scent embedded in the leather, “you kissed a bunch of girls in high school, even Donna, and the one guy you’re head over heels in love with, you’re giving me a hard time.”
“This is not a soppy romance story, Cas.”
As Castiel mentioned before, there it was; changing the topic like switching channels just because his brother wasn't comfortable with having a particular conversation. And Sam understood the struggle to contain all of the emotions inside, afraid to appear weak about falling from the blows of love. But he sometimes wished that Dean would come to realize that elaborating on his feelings wasn't something that was criminal.
angel who craved hugs and love and kisses for many years. Sure, he would resemble a composed and sophisticated man who revealed no weaknesses to the world on his demeanor. But possibly deep down inside, he was as clingy and desperate for affections as Dean was. The two of them just needed to climb the barbed fence and reach each other on the same side.
Dean Winchester was confusing me so much that I returned to my desk and stayed there mulling over his words over and over again until my head hurt.
What on earth should be his opening?
"I feel the love," Sam said warmly. "I always do."
“Really, Dean?” she narrowed her eyes and produced Castiel’s signature inside the flap of Middlemarch. “Don’t you find it romantic that the guy gives you books as gifts? He’s like the ideal crush.”
“Yup, why?”
For a while, Charlie thought about the consequences and still couldn’t determine the hazards. “What do you mean?”
"Was it Jack Daniels?"
Obviously mildly nervous from the prospects of penetrating the close ring of the seniors who rather much delighted themselves in being studs and devilishly handsome, he was certain that the entire ordeal would flop. The entire mission would fail and then Charlie would still owe him a favor because at least he tried. So, in a sense, Castiel believed that there was nothing to lose from the dare because very soon, his lack of dating girls or seeming remotely interested in them would spur up rumors and his sexuality would eventually come into the light.
“May her not so kindred spirit rest in peace,” Castiel raised an invisible glass and everyone followed suit. “Which reminds me, I am offering up one of my fifteen rooms in my estate if you and your wife with the twins and this handsome fellow,” he poked baby Dean’s nose, “would prefer to stay somewhere else.”
Dean rolled off of Castiel and tugged up his jeans that were soaked on the inside but he couldn’t care less. “Maybe I am.”
“Hardly.”
“I was just going to ask if you broke a few jaws,” he said and a few seconds of silence settled between us as we just gazed at each other. His green eyes took on a darker shade. A soft wind lightly lifted dark blonde hair resting upon his forehead and he seemed so mesmerized. “You got a girl, Cas? A
“Good morning, I did. And did you?”
She took his soul mate away, his true love, his…
Mary leaned back, as if contemplating what to say next. She rested her saucer and teacup on the small table on her right, then their eyes met again. This time though, she wasn't smiling but exhibited a concerned countenance that unsettled him.
"I mean, I've been trying," Donna said eventually, circling her thumb around the lip of the cup and clearly lost in thought. "But then she keeps going about it as if it's not really a big deal. When it is, ya know?"
But there was something else. Something that felt kind of…what was it? Warm like a cloud surrounding him, and although Dean tried to ignore the actuality of a fascinating occurrence, he had to wonder out loud.
Cas shook his head and stared at the older Winchester. He sighed, turned around to head back to the bedroom then returned once more. "I'm not that easy, Dean," he said in a stern tone.
Castiel’s lack of response kept forming little bubbles inside of his mind in terms of ‘what-if’ scenarios and no matter how Dean fought the eventuality of a migraine, his composure wasn’t that strong. It came on anyway, hammering inside his skull and bringing with it also a rush of hot, scalding tears that were mostly from frustration of losing his certainty on many things he thought were established before.
“Dean,” blue eyes widened but never quite offered any look of judgment, “why on earth would you go out in a weather like this? Hmm?” Castiel cupped the other man’s chin into his hand and gazed back with so much worry. “You saw that a thunderstorm was brewing since lunch. How could you be so reckless—"
"Absolutely not." And carefully slipping away from extended arms, Castiel ducked through the backdoor and into the house.
“I don’t think we share the same views anymore,” Dean mumbled, feeling his throat burn after swallowing a mouthful of popcorn and reaching for his soda.
Love doesn't have boundaries, honey. That much has been proven to you so far. What love has is an endless space to welcome all the hurt, the pain, the fears and the doubts. I lost Terry two years ago," Jenny smiled. "But because my heart is filled with him, I can keep on living with just enough of him to get me through every single day. All you need to do is stick to it through the good and bad."
Then I was unlocking the door and slipping weakly inside behind the wheel. And when I was in there, I fired up the engine and blindly reached for the gearstick. Then putting the car into drive, the tears came finally and along with it the kind of anguish that wrecked my chest. It was so painful all at once. It was a sensation that I was never privy to in my entire life, not even when my first girlfriend committed suicide. That kind of pain was different because it took away my feelings and replaced it with nothing.
. Whilst you two were alone and chatty and confiding with each other? Away from me and everyone else and heaven knows where? Okay, Cass. You want to play a game? Two can play.
"I don't know what I did to cause this," Castiel would never lift his tone no matter how fierce the argument became between the two. "If he could only speak to me—"
“I get you,” Castiel brought up the excel document and scrolled all the way to the bottom where ten rows were still highlighted. “Give me fifteen minutes.”
The older man lifted his head when he felt those green eyes on him, just about to rest the kettle on the stove and standing back with a definite blush on his face. And it was so beautiful, Dean slowly closed the distance between them whilst gingerly chewing on his lips because he never could remember ever making someone else blush. Especially someone that he was absolutely in love with and to witness the creep of color forming on Castiel's face and neck; it was so satisfying.
It happened so fast, one moment, Sam spun around on the spot and stared with a confused look behind him as his brother and Cas did the same. Then he recognized the two men from inside the pub who had thrown nasty glances at their table. Briefly though, possibly for two seconds Sam registered their faces. But then, the taller beefy one stepped up bravely to Dean and even before his brother could react, there was the glint of a knife's blade under the moonlight and then…
Dean told Cas about using his teddy bear mug in the mornings to drink tea. Of borrowing his soft blue blanket with the bumblebees and the white rabbits and sleeping inside like a burrito. And the nights when he couldn't sleep, how he slept in Cas' bed, and he pretended that the pillow was the angel. And when he stopped after his voice broke a little, Dean gave up from feeling emotionally drained and he stretched out on the blanket.
"Does it hurt?" Dean was trying to override his slight nervousness with humor.
“Go ahead and make me mushier, Cas.” After settling into the chair and gazing intently, the younger man couldn’t help but admire the picturesque view of Castiel drowning in the music. “Go ahead and…make me fall in love with you over and over again.”
“Wait, what?” he shouted after she gunned the engine and roared away. And no matter how much Dean tried to evade the reference, his mind kept spinning.
"More than you can imagine," Dean's voice broke a little.
Every inch that was honestly enough to drive him crazy was so intoxicating because Dean's body was on fire and his heart was racing.
"Uh," Dean stumbled into the tent and lowered himself onto the chair. Cas was merely a few feet away. "Yeah?" he managed to serve as a reply. "How did you…"
“Hands down, Pride and Prejudice, the 2005 adaption. And yours?”
You could supervise my floors any time you want, you delectable hunk of a man.
“And you look entirely handsome as always,” Castiel didn’t spare the cameras catching onto his words through video.
The hallway blurred, even the cubicles ghosted around the edges. Everything looked hazy like I was gliding through a tank of water. Even the overhead lights bled into each other and the water cooler looked like a blue octopus as I passed by.
“At least my loins produced a child. Yours only caused chaos,” Sam returned with equal fakeness in a swell of happiness.
"Just simply…maybe you want us to go easy," he decided to say, shrugging and immediately receiving a wounded expression from the older man. "Taking things slow…"
“Those chest selfies don’t do you any justice,” clearing his throat after those words faltered, Castiel swallowed and continued to stare. “Dean, you are absolutely…stunning, I absolutely…hate your clothes so much right now.” When green eyes pinched from a smile, he chuckled, “and now I’m going to confess that those firefighters who were featured in that Australian calendar cannot compete with you.”
Alex sprang up and stared at the completed piece in awe. "Gosh! You actually did! We were totally struggling with this last night. We had what? Fifty pieces remaining."
“Can you stop making me want you in so many ways?”  his warm breath sent slivers of electricity racing through Dean’s body. “I just want to take you to bed right now and make love to you all night long…”
That same guy was kissing
"Yeah but the Anna part kind of…" Dean struggled to conceal his shame.
When Sam considered Cas' look of utter disbelief, he was afraid that maybe being an angel meant that homosexual thoughts were in fact sinful. He feared that Cas would think of Dean as impure. So he was ready to defend his brother.
Castiel was at a loss for words from the beauty, the splendor of finally entering a historical gem. "Only in my dreams and perhaps videos. 600 rooms as I can recall."
In fact, he should have decided at that moment that Dean’s open display of complete astonishment must be fueled by something quite substantial. After all, if Castiel approached Benny for example, he would receive nothing but a wildly fascinated smirk.
"I know he didn't, Sam," Dean gruffly said, staring at the television and hugging himself. "But I was so convinced…"
Charlie swooned instantly and trembled on her seat from the actuality of the senior falling for her best friend. “Say it,” she collected his arm into her grasp and squeezed, melting into his shoulder. “Whisper it so I can keep it inside of me.”
“Okay.”
"There you are," someone said suddenly and breathless behind him.
And possibly it was the worst advice ever because in regards to where they were at that point, Dean really couldn’t even look at him. Not when there was a thunderstorm raging away in his soul. So how could the actuality of a kiss between them become something real? Something that either of them could treasure, to feel, to fall back on for many years to come?
Collecting the remote, Pete turned up the volume on the television in the bracket above the bar.
His body was on fire, and so consumed with passion, that he cried out Cas’ name hoarsely several times and wasn’t ashamed of it. In fact, he wasn’t even in control of his body anymore when the other man began to stroke him skillfully and he returned the favor. And both of them leaned in, tasting each other’s breaths and daring a kiss that was deeper than the others they had shared. So deep, he moaned loudly into Cas’ mouth when he felt himself nearing the edge.
“Did he scream your name in the throes of passion?” she kept studying his face as if trying to unearth a reaction.
By the time he was flicking his tongue on the tip of Castiel’s cock and awakening an abundance of moans, Dean was immensely pleasured. Not only from Castiel reaching behind him to hold onto the chair, but the way he tossed his head back and stared up at the ceiling with listless eyes, lips parted and breathing hard.
“Look at me,” Dean pleaded, his thumbs reassuringly massaging the other man’s palms.
"How am I looking at you?" Cas asked incredulously, smiling and obviously entertained.
“Or else what?” Castiel’s eyes narrowed at the towers of the bridge. “You’ll make me
the attention, or at least, he shouldn't be turned down even if he asked. And because he was so driven to prove a point to no one at all but himself, he spent half an hour waiting on Castiel to show up in one of the lanes and when he didn't, Dean did the most unexpected thing.
“Exactly,” Castiel nodded once, arms stretched out as he floated effortlessly, “most unfortunate that you couldn’t swim at the time but I taught you. And it’s like riding a bike. You’re easily going to grow accustomed again. Besides, the deepest end is all the way on the other side and where I am now is just three feet of which…” he rose up slowly and couldn’t have expected the sudden decision to reveal himself to be so nerve-wrecking for Dean, “you’re more than three feet at an advantage.…” when Castiel realized that he was being gaped at, those green eyes leveled on his orange boxers that hung loose, he stopped.
“Didn’t you sleep well?” I asked, eyes still lowered onto my food and trying to push away the thoughts of how blowjobs worked. “Or is it the meetings...”
"Perfect, Donna can use our car."
He was there most times inside of his head, wandering around like a headless chicken and just about ready to leap off the pier and drown in a sea of loneliness for the rest of his life. But somehow, despite their disagreements and his inability to open up, Castiel still wanted him, still yearned for him, came back to him.
When Sam delivered fresh cinnamon rolls and coffee the next morning to the room, he interrupted Cas from gazing at Dean's sleeping form.
She smiled mischievously and nodded, then playfully punched his arm. “It’s been too long, Winchester.”
No one had called him that in years. "Who is this?" it couldn't be Edith from college. Their sordid affair was something he never wanted to remember. Ever.
“Cas –” Dean tried.
Dean couldn't carry him, that much was evident from the fact that Castiel's clothing was bulky and he packed on muscle and body weight in all the right proportions. "Hey," he lightly squeezed those slumped shoulders, the older man's head lolling onto his own. "Babe, we're home. Think you can walk?"
"I feel like I owe you for the delay," Dean said, tilting his head and offering a sympathetic look. "I'm not too proud of what happened."
“A tragedy,” Dean sighed. “Do you know what I regret the most though? Telling you that I wish we never met and then letting you leave…two times in a row. But then everything needed to happen just the way they did for us to end up here. And when I think of it like that, I feel better knowing that love isn’t always easy, but if it’s meant to be, it happens eventually.”
Ruby’s eyes met Charlie’s across the space. The two of them shared a look of mild astonishment before returning to the intimate moment unfolding between me and a man who was somehow determined to throw hints all over the place. His subtext was there again and for anyone who had a brain, they’d detect that there was more to the Friday night story.
Dean junior coughed and gazed into his uncle's eyes, almost as if he was astounded to see him after such a long time. His fisted hands waved and he gurgled until squirming ensued, to which Jess safely deposited the bundle beside Dean. Instantly the baby pulled himself up on his unsure feet and he lightly touched his uncle's casted arm before staring in amazement at the pools of green that studied him. All the while everyone was admiring the scene unfolding, and quite a soft one it was to witness the depth of a bond between two souls that latched onto each other; a baby who was always amazed by his uncle's charms and an uncle who was glorified to have a nephew like the bundle of joy.
This time though, Google did not disappoint and there Castiel sat in awe, totally embarrassed that he hadn’t thought of running the search ages ago because the photos colored in all the parts that were blurred in his dreams. The awfully tight black jeans when the Prince was out partying, when he was dancing on tables and having a wild time.
“Thank you,” Castiel said softly, his voice cracking as Sam tucked the phone between his ear and shoulder and helped Dean out slowly. “I’m quite aware of that but I’ve done nothing but entertain a friend. And by using my friend as a distraction, I was willing to distance myself from Dean for a while.”
"Nothing a good cup of tea and a chat with a best friend can't fix. Am I right?" his father's suggestions seemed so trivial in that moment, compared to the real reason why he was so wounded.
"I was only joking with him," Dean said defensively. "It's a big brother thing. Besides, Gabriel used to do that to you all the time. Tease you. So you get it."
It appeared as if the older man managed to peruse the entire Harry Potter collection several times in order to relate so much details, and all of this astounded Dean because of one obvious fact. Castiel used to criticize the series in all its entirety, lamenting on the idea of introducing witchcraft to young minds being rather too forward. He thought that it was unfair of J.K Rowling to reveal Dumbledore’s sexuality way after the books were released and always remarked on the injustice of coupling Harry with Ginny and Ron with Hermione. He preferred Harry and Hermione extensively and would have adored if the two ended up together in the end.
"It's not going to," Sam provided in a softer tone. "Not until the two of you sit down and talk. Like…really talk about your feelings."
it, Castiel thought to himself.
But he kept thinking about how far along they would be by now, more than two months after. How they could have kept that bond, stayed in touch, wait out the reign of John and persevered nevertheless.
And Dean…Dean was shocked. "How?"
Cas pulled out his mobile. “Take yours out. Go on.”
After the call ended, Dean sighed and throughout the day, he couldn’t stop checking his WhatsApp until deciding upon sending a message which would signal to him when Castiel was online and would have read his words. But he struggled a long time whilst composing the message, deleting then typing, deleting again and second-thinking the words over and over again. Until he decided to just jump right in and leave the line as brief as possible until they could expound further.
"I’m sorry—"
Sam scoffed. “Can’t you see what’s in front of you?”
Now though, Cas suddenly jumped into the most insane wave of thought that at first, he didn't even realize how bizarre the whole idea was. He couldn't think straight; literally. He really couldn't find himself, and after all that time, wallowing in self-pity and spending time in solace, Cas wanted to do something reckless. He wanted to feel again. To feel something other than emptiness and confusion and pain. And he wanted to find the reason, any kind of information on why Dean had let go of everything they had to jump into another person's bed.
he ever wanted…
“Good night, Dean,” Castiel eventually said in a whisper. His chest wouldn’t stop shaking. His tears wouldn’t stop flowing.
"Prince?" That wide grin that was so damn attractive as he folded his arms on the Impala's roof. "I hate my title and what's expected of me. But goddamn it, Cas. I love this…my house. My library. Even the bloody unicorns. And the best part is that I can get to show it to someone who understands the meaning behind it all."
"Yeah, but she knows stuff. I've told her. Like…everything and she's studying folklore at uni. So she's got this whole wealth of knowledge on things we don't even know about as yet."
trying but there is nothing wrong with a farmer’s position in society. The job is of equal importance to any, despite the state the environment may provide but it’s all in the process of working to cultivate.”
“He…kissed you?” he whispered, his tone dulled into a hoarse quality, immediately feeling a startled Dean turn to consider the side of his face.
In turn, Crowley took Charlie’s arm and gestured for them to admire the view from a different position, whilst Castiel who found the decision quite pleasing, drew nearer to Dean and chuckled.
The drawn out sound of his name on the older man's lips seemed to fuel him to deepen the sucking on Castiel's neck until arms wound around him like always and tugged him into a warm embrace. And that's the way they both spent the next hour in each other's company until John showed himself by the backdoor and remarked on the fact that his friend's shirt collar turned upwards seemed rather unbecoming of his character…
Cas replied with a smile. Sam rolled around in the backseat, mumbling something about bunnies and the highway stretched out even further in front of them. But the air was lightening up. The tension was slowly seeping out of the windows. And it felt damn good, knowing that they had been cooped up in the bunker, festering all these unspoken feelings. And now, they were willing to just be themselves around each other.
“I’m sorry I brought up the topic…”
Dean’s chest heaved. He allowed his arms to fall to his sides. “But what if I screw up, Sammy? Huh? What if I go out there and then I can’t even remember my vows? What if I embarrass myself in front of everyone?”
Cas, for a moment, blinked up at the stars, elbows resting on his folded lap. “You always kissed me like you were trying to taste some part of me that wasn’t physical. Maybe ethereal. Celestial. And when we kissed tonight, it was so much more. You were dominant in both instances. Which I highly favored,” Cas admitted with a smile. “But also, you weren’t as hesitant as before. I feel as if everything has changed between us. But in a good way.”
. And…I'm being a dick, aren't I?" her expression signaled to him that immaturity was shining bright from his forehead.
“I can’t find someone to be with you, Cas,” Dean admitted in a soft tone whilst avoiding eye contact like the plague. He instead stared at the mountains and dark clouds that rolled in from the east. “Despite all that the world offers, and all the women lining up to get your attention, I’d rather have you. I mean,
"…twenty and me being forty and my sex drive just kept climbing until I was humping large pillows under my blanket and the wall in the shower. Every thought of you made me so hard during dinner, I needed cups of tea to calm down. Because your ghost filled me up at nights and I even thought of screwing someone else, possibly a man whom I could choose online on one of those sites my brother uses…a hired escort…to fuck me."
They bonded over breakfast and dinner and then Sam dug into the many books inside the Men of Letters' library, as he learned a lot more about angels and demons and creatures that his father possibly had not encountered in his lifetime as a hunter. Like the lore from other parts of the map; South America, Central America. The Ole Higue and Moongazer. All the details thrilled him to be privileged to have access to such expansive information.
"I don't need you to monitor me like I'm a damn kid."
“He’s so convinced that mom is unworthy, and I suspect that a divorce is looming in the distance. Just goes to show how money cannot buy happiness. Well, except for Gabriel who revels in his hefty allowances.”
Green eyes widened. Dean reached for his whisky and drank heartily before replying. Damn, Cas didn't waste time. He never ever seemed to forget things. "I'm not against it. Like I said before, I see a bigger picture."
, Castiel's fury had no bounds.
"Dean, this is not the time or place to pack away your feelings. I want to help you fix it," Rowena said in a comforting tone. "Two days ago, you missed our session. You've never missed a session in over five years."
When the voice note ended, Dean sucked it up, could literally feel his heart holding on a beat, lungs screaming for air and after holding down the mic icon, he just really and truly began to expel as much as he could.
For a long time. Dean stared into the bluest shade of eyes and could literally feel his heart slowly becoming poisoned. How could he have been so stupid? How much alcohol had he consumed to actually chase after a skirt when for three damn weeks, he had chased after nothing else but the booze? Night after night, Dean had turned down women. Why? Because he simply could not even look at anyone else and find them as deserving of his attention like the way Cas deserved his…
He wanted to be this guy’s Prince Charming.
"That's what I thought!" Sam said quickly and passionately, "dude, I thought he was fucking with us so I got up…and I went over and when I looked out the damn window, there was a lady standing out there in the rain dressed in these like…" he gestured at himself for emphasis, "tattered clothes…a black dress and wild black hair and she was smiling at us. She was actually fucking smiling at us."
People often like to underestimate the substantial amount of destruction that a heartbreak can cause.
“Well, I guess when you have the finances to tend to as many kids as you would like, it’s understandable. There’s nothing wrong with putting together a football team. And thank you, Sam. I’m honored.”
His toes relaxed from growing a bit numb because of clomping through snow on his way across the moor, and even after realizing that the small distance between them was purposeful on the older man’s behalf, Dean thought it was necessary.
she’s not too keen on the whole defensive take on things.”
“Okay then,” he smiled and nodded slowly but still rather much confused. “I’ll pretend that I know exactly what that means. But I am familiar with Holmes and Watson, so indeed, Dean and I are quite a pair.”
“Yeah, are you?” she eyed him curiously. “What’s up with what happened back there?”
When he waltzed out of the shower though, swelling from pride after glancing at himself in the mirror and realizing that he looked damn sexy again, Dean found the bedroom as silent as a grave. With his hair sticking up and beads of water draining down his exposed torso, he stopped and searched for Cas. He wasn't on the window seat. Neither was his coat thrown over the chair. His shoes were missing and so was his phone. And instantly, Dean felt terribly empty inside.
Already he was falling prey to their heightened chemistry which was only growing deeper and deeper with each passing hour since he first arrived. "You uh…forgot to pour one for me," Dean highlighted, feeling the front of his pants grow a little stiff and shifting uncomfortably.
Sam descended into the bunker, with Dean weakly stumbling after him. They both had left their bags in the trunk of the car, promising to empty out everything afterwards. And now, on their cellphones were with them. And of course as much as their sanity left.
"Nothing," Dean grumbled, still unsettled by memories that just happened to dig themselves up and seep through the walls he built to keep them concealed. All the trauma created concrete barriers that were strong enough to keep those painful images buried in the past but not now. After talking to Jack, after the kid asked him what it was like being gay, something just opened up inside of his mind and brought everything back.
"He has done crappy things," Dean was on a roll now as his voice climbed to a crescendo. "And I mean, hurtful things to me that you don't know about. I wish people would stop to think that I actually have feelings too."
The experience was indeed a blissful one. Slow and torturing. Because he wanted Dean so much. He wanted to take off his clothes and let his eyes roam across every inch. Every ripple of muscle. Every scar. He wanted to kiss those scars and to taste Dean in his mouth, but they couldn’t rush things.
Dean’s countenance softened and he slowly nodded. “Dammit, Cas, when you do that, you make me fall in love with you all over again.”
The messages between them since Wednesday still replayed over and over in his mind. The depth of Dean’s woes and the disbelief that his love for him was substantial enough lingered in Castiel’s mind. But looking at the other man’s face didn’t reveal those tormented words or the frightful state he was in prior. Instead, Dean was forcefully cheerful, abundantly talkative and absolutely open.
He was contained in a hug so comforting, both arms wrapped around his trembling body and it was so glorious to realize that he could be saved. It was sufficient enough to anchor his fragile mind on the fearful and anxious turn of events that afternoon. Nothing else mattered at that point than to turn to the one person who meant the world to him. And Castiel bundled him into a thick coat that was so soft and warm, it was remarkable how someone’s love could be soothing.
"Truth is," Dean sat up and reached for the remote, "I probably wouldn't have been able to string words together if you did talk to me. You want to watch this crap?"
"I'm willing to run after him as fast as I can. But I really don't think he wants me. And I've asked him to start over but he never replied. So, there's nothing left to do but to move on."
“Can you…” Dean swallowed because he was so conflicted and his heart was hammering away, “can you hold me?” his voice cracked. “You don’t have to if you don’t want to but…I just…I
"I'm so sorry," Charlie thought it was necessary to apologize to the family seated around the fire, "I really am and I know that this is the time when you guys get together and talk and open gifts but—"
“I like to be stung and probed whilst covered in honey.” When I said it, my brain kind of deflated from the stupidity it allowed. I think that everything about my behavior whilst I was around this man seemed to be changing for the worse. “I can’t believe I just said that out loud.”
He was shaking and he was stunned. When he heard the doors open and close with a loud bang, he sunk onto the floor. And he stayed there for a long time whilst the tears anguished him and his migraine grew more severe. And he felt like he was about to die because he had done the most hurtful thing ever. He had said the most hurtful things.
“And what about if they come around here sniffing? What then?” John pointed out the obvious, which Dean was pondering on for a full minute.
Dean smiled. "Yeah?"
"What you said?" Castiel interrupted in a clipped tone. "Is that all you think there is to be remedied?"
"Well, let's just say, I don't need to sleep my way into the palace," Meg winked at the other woman. "I can use my words. Like weapons. To get what I want. How are things with you and Sam?"
"Of course, ask away…" Castiel said, holding his breath from the suspense because it wasn't as if they kept walking on eggshells; it was just the anxiousness that arose from the depth of their conversations. And most times, he thought that one small disagreement might cause him to lose Dean forever.
"Really?" Claire was curious. "When was that?"
on the phone.” He laughed and playfully chucked Castiel. “Thought it was a girl Dean was talking to. Wait,” those hazel eyes widened and he turned to stare at his brother, “Cas is the person you’ve been pining over for three years now? No way, man.”
"What's your name?"
John remained silent for a while until he grunted and offered a sympathetic look. "I could get a little wayward but I don’t mean bad by it. You know that, Cas."
“I’m so turned on right now,” Castiel’s voice was barely audible beneath the rumble of noise inside The Hub. “I don’t think I can proofread those articles. And this is all your fault, you handsome…assbutt.”
“I suppose it does. Considering that physical attraction is a contributing factor.”
“In what sense?” he peered at her from above the newspaper.
If not for Dean’s slow awakening, his feelings growing clearer and stronger every single day, then the two of them would still be wading through the water, one completely clueless and the other immensely tortured.
"Yeah?" green eyes immediately focused on blue ones and his chest heaved. "What's up?"
"What?" Dean was stunned. Clearly, he had missed the most important truths. "So they did send you back to Bible School."
“Then take your damn shirt off,” dragging his hand away, the younger man chuckled, turned to collect another wing and he devoured it in a short span of time. Within those seconds, Cas gazed at him as if he was drowning in the mellowest moment ever. “What, huh?” Dean chewed and sucked on his fingertips openly. “You like to watch me eat? Mesmerized by my table manners?”
“Thank you,” I said after a long time passed with the two of us sipping our drinks slowly and admiring the view. The occasional blaring of horns down below didn’t quite interrupt the silence but filled it with life. “You’re...very good looking too, Dean.”
Finding Dean inside the mall was really like finding a needle in a haystack. Both of them searched high and low and after giving up, Sam and Cas settled onto two chairs in front of a café breathless. The aroma of fresh coffee wasn't tempting to either of them since Sam was more of a green tea kind of guy and Cas had adapted to the same taste as well. In fact, both of them appeared quite sophisticated sipping teas from fine china and adding cubes of sugar. People all around them were casting either confused looks or adoration in their eyes.
“Oh, you are so soft like a marshmallow,” shivering slightly, she hugged herself and glanced towards the back of the house where the workshop was closed for the day. “Your dad’s on a break or something?”
When Dean left though, Castiel felt like something inside of him died and if he was in desperate need to convince himself of the actuality of the connection between them, then the pain proved to be the blaring truth.
and then they returned to their post by the door.
It was too much to bear for me so I stumbled back into the bunker and after some time had passed, I heard footsteps shuffling in the hallway and then Dean’s door opened and closed too fast.
“I’ve known him since I was a baby basically,” Dean admitted softly, studying his hands and shrugging. “When you know someone for that long, you kind of bond with them more than anyone else.”
“Don’t be like that. Maybe he’s one of those guys who seem all dashing but he’s more interested in someone who’s like you, you know? Quiet, smart, cute, grumpy, two years younger, don’t go out much, vegan…”
Oh, how I was fuming, Eileen because I knew that he wasn’t telling me the whole story. I knew deep down inside that there were cracks in his story and for some odd reason, at that point, the truth wasn’t obvious enough to me. Come to think of it now, I can’t believe how naïve I was. The first sign should have been the slap on the ass. But this handsome hunk here let it go.
Castiel stared back in awe. “Why not you, Dean? Why would I choose anyone else? Why does my heart die every single time
“Wait, didn’t he sleep with Sasha?” Donna spared her wife a curious look, whilst Ellen studied Dean’s countenance and so did Charlie. What they discovered was a piqued interest still affected by something hurtful underlying his small smile and although one was quite certain of why the downcast look appeared, the older one was still left in the dark.
heart?
“You know what they say about blondes,” Castiel’s expression remained desirously humored as he latched onto the chase occurring, where Sam was trying to grab Jessica’s ponytail.
Dean smiled back and he collected the angel's fingers between his. "You too, Cas."
But instead of waiting for a reply, the older man turned around and pushed the door, which left Dean to stand there feeling like he was utterly confused and desperately in need of a continuation of the conversation.
We literally sat about three feet from each other and he kept looking out the window when he wasn’t on his phone. Everything else was more important than me, the one guy who he reached out to in his weakest moments. How was I supposed to feel? His attention never drifted to me and I was such a mess because of it, knowing that there was no way we could stand on the same level.
Whilst Dean struggled to contain his darkest thoughts, Castiel fought to muffle his doubts. Both of them were fighting silent wars that built walls that they found hard to climb over. But the one common factor was that they couldn’t live without each other. They were aware of this simple truth. Knowing that when their eyes connected, green ones teared up whilst blue ones grew so much softer from the complete love felt.
"Oh yeah?" Dean was curious now, chewing on his burger. You under the tree with nothing but a Christmas bow on would suffice. But then I can't get my heart's desire so quickly. "Give me a hint."
"On him?" Meg jerked her chin at the oldest Winchester standing by his father and sharing a laugh. "Hopefully TMZ. I'm going to send it to People. I think they might bite. Everyone knows, Clarence. No one is bold enough to write about it."
Those blue eyes became dazed from the magnitude of their hips grinding together, from the older man's thighs clamping him down into the sheets and the bites. Those soft bites on Dean's neck were so toe curling that he mewled from the feel of teeth and tongue. He wanted so much more though, that a deep surge of electricity built up inside of him until he became too conscious of it. And flipping them over whilst startling Castiel immensely, Dean panted from above until he crushed their lips together again.
"Huh," Dean stared at the table.
They had no right sticking their noses into personal affairs which they could never understand. The magnitude of whatever happened between the two of them, very few people could have understood from witnessing the damage and the blooming and then adjusting. Family mattered more than anyone else, people who weren't just connected to him through blood but more than that. And when Dean thought of the selfishness of strangers planting their views into the equation, he despised such things.
“Don’t do this to me,” Dean gazed up at him and there were tears in those green eyes. “Dammit, Cas, all of this just happened today and I’m still trying to process it. You can’t just storm into my life, give me hope and then take it all away. I’m as scared as you are, okay?”
When he offered up himself to be hugged warmly, Dean threw him the stink eye and Cas frowned. There was literally nothing wrong with the woman who squished him inside an embrace that felt genuine. So why was Dean so paranoid? Why had he been so investigative and worrisome when Mala presented nothing but a sweet demeanor to match her pretty face?
"Hi, good afternoon." As cheerful as his greeting was, there was none in return but the flat sound of nothing. "Hello?" Dean tried again, frowning at the grass by his boots and toeing a small round rock.
Rough, if so preferred, which Dean seemed to yearn for, quickly discarding that caramel colored shirt and moving onto tugging at the waistband of Castiel's tailored pants. He was dying, suffocating throughout the minutes that they peeled away their clothes whilst kissing and biting and tugging at each other's lips. Dean never believed that he could formulate the kind of sounds which filled the silence and he thanked the heavens that his room was somewhat sound proof because Castiel was as hungry as he was.
Dean backed out the Impala from the front yard and their eyes met in the rearview mirror. “Don’t know what you’re talking about but the youngest one rides up front always.”
Did Ellen know?
"Message me abundantly and send me voice notes until dinner?" the older man's heart was hanging low when those green orbs lowered after a small smile was presented.
I’m thinking, okay, gentleman-ways ain’t cheap. Something’s going on here and I smell a rat. So, I don’t say anything about it because I’ve been asking and getting no answers.
"I can only imagine." What was happening in Littleton? The suggestion of an excess of romance seemed to always be budding in the air and it was only acceptable of Dean to highlight the evidence all around him.
The three of them settled into a very delightful conversation that lasted the rest of the afternoon and blossomed into a new definition of family.
For a full minute, Dean and Castiel cautiously allowed their eyes to meet, considered the floor and then looked at each other again. But every time they looked at each other, the anger slowly faded. The actuality of being in the same room, of having that one opportunity to push aside the pain and focus on hope…
After he ordered his double expresso and I declined because it really wasn’t my place to let him pay for me, my order was placed anyway. Apparently, I’d be trying the cappuccino at the Ritz for the first time, something to boast about in the future. But then when the waitress moved away and left us together alone, I felt the heavy sense of
"I wouldn't because I want to grow old with you, huggy bear. Remember?" green eyes sparkled whilst blue ones softened tremendously. "Now relax and be among family. This is your home as much as mine."
"Sure, because I'm definitely going back home after this," Dean's jaw worked as he clenched his teeth, trying to gather composure and also trying to ignore the disappearance of Castiel.
"Don't you have a podcast to listen to?" the older Winchester scowled at the road. "Plug up your ears and spare me the distractions."
“I hate those,” Dean embraced the older man tightly and buried his face into Castiel’s neck. “But it’s good to know someone loves them because now I know they exist for a reason. Just like I love what exists in your pants by the way. I love every inch of it immensely.”
Just the actuality of knowing that they were
He honestly thought that when he held Castiel so tenderly on the window seat, the embrace would be soft and reassuring. The reaching of arms and entwining of fingers and the soft comfort from innocence without breaking boundaries. But from the moment their bodies came flush together, it was definite that there was no turning back.
And just like clockwork, the brood from the living room wound their way into the kitchen and passed by the couple staring at each other before heading into the backyard. It was always like this; tradition encouraged them to gather outdoors so that they could all welcome the New Year in the refreshed night wind. No matter how chilly it was, Ellen always braved it without a coat, John bundled up in many layers like a burrito and Dean…well he couldn't even move.
"He asked if he could come along." Dean's voice seemed to be drifting further into his throat. The image of Mary lying lifeless in his arms. The scent of burning wood still contorted his sanity. "I told him to use his damn wings and meet us at the bunker."
“I didn’t!”
"Well you were the one who snatched the tape from him and pushed it into the deck without thinking," Sam pointed out with a shrug. "Serves you damn right. And there was me, think about me, dammit! I had to like…sink so low in the backseat, whilst the car literally turned so hot with feelings flying between you two. Third wheel never sucked like now. And by the way, when the two of you get together, try to not have sex in the car."
"Okay," collecting one of the other man's books from the bedside dresser, Cas settled in and began to slowly peruse the contents. As if he wasn't even remotely affected by the turn of events.
“He’s not my boyfriend,” Dean collected his namesake into his arms and sat up weakly, accepting the water. “Please tell me I didn’t talk to him last night. I keep hearing his voice but I’m not sure what the hell happened.”
Dean's throat closed up and his face contorted before licking his lips. "Right, Jack," he croaked, offering a tight smile. "That's exactly what I meant."
needed it now and nothing was going to delay that from happening. There were no questions asked, just me knowing that I had to follow him into the dimly lit interior of Café Cave. And so that’s what happened, trailing after my stiffly awkward and severely attractive boss that caught the eyes of everyone he passed because he was famous and rich and beautiful in every sense of those words.
He was still in doubt and even more so over Mary's honest attempts to safeguard her son's heart, which pretty much left Castiel feeling terrible about himself because here was a mother who cared for nothing more than to see her son happy. And there he was, sitting with his mind set on denying his growing feelings.
Sometimes, when they touched intimately in the dark, Cas remembered how Dean would become so frightened from doing the wrong things. From his fear of exploring too fast or too slow, Dean would start to tremble. His hands would shake and he would hyperventilate and then when Cas held the hunter’s face between his hands and spoke to him softly, Dean would gain all the strength he needed to continue. He would entwine their fingers and hug Cas close to him throughout the night, never letting go. And now.
They then rejoined the diminished group of reporters outside once more. And Castiel was left alone to dwell on conflicting thoughts whilst his loyal companion sought out the interests of a rather intriguing looking man. The kind who was dressed like Sherlock Holmes, with the matching low voice and a wary eye.
“Yeah.”
“It pains me that you honestly believe that I would go against your wishes,” Castiel’s voice dipped as people passed close to them. “Even before you highlighted that your ex-girlfriend is off limits, I had no intention of doting on her. Dean, I am a man far ahead in years already to be frolicking with someone like her and you are first and foremost my best friend. You may not know what that means to me but I can guarantee you that I would not go out of my way to hurt you.”
"Dean, what happened just now?" he asked quietly, fearing the worst.
"Well you've suddenly gone quiet."
By a quarter to midday, Castiel was still busying himself with the ambience and he sent Dean along upstairs to prepare for their guests who were supposed to arrive as early as one. Obviously the climb up the grand staircase felt more exhausting than usual, and because he was separated from the whole hustle and bustle of the lunch, the silence upstairs in the apartment became daunting. Too daunting, if he cared to admit such a thing whilst showering, standing under the spray of warm water alone, with the absence of the older man's voice in the bedroom. His scents still lingered though, and because Dean was so tuned into details whilst being in the company of himself, he began to highlight a lot of small things that didn't stand out before.
"Really? Cards come in bulky shapes now?" Sam considered the two hefty red bags tied off securely. "What are those? Gimme…"
“He got me a condo, Gabe,” Castiel told his brother on a Thursday night, sipping wine with his feet curled up on the window seat overlooking the river. “Can you imagine? Is this even real?”
"Dean—"
Castiel didn’t even hesitate. "Do it," he literally stated through his teeth, "but ensure that he suffers immensely for at least five more years until insanity is welcoming as his new peace. Take him far away and bury his name under the piles of shit he's put people through, including yourself and Benny and Amelia and all the other victims who never received the justice they deserved."
Dean chuckled, stroking Castiel’s cheek with cupped fingers. He pressed a soft kiss onto the other man’s hair. “Come back down. Be here with me, okay?”
"I'm sorry but the line…breaking up—"
“Get out of my house!” Ruby’s aunt suddenly said in such a stern tone, both of them startled from her entrance. “God dammit. No one comes into my house, not even the bloody King and threatens anyone in here. You need to leave.”
“He wasn’t talking to you! HE HAD YOU ON YOUR CAR, OK? There was a camera right above you. That’s all I’m going to say. The next move is on you.”
"There was, Dean," Castiel said quietly while his cheeks tinged pink and those graceful fingers toyed with the bottles of oil. His blue eyes lowered to consider his gifts. "It happened so suddenly. It was a Sunday, about two years ago if I can recall correctly. I was sitting in the front yard and you were washing your car. As usual. And…I just thought that maybe
“What I don’t get is where Baby comes into all of this,” Dean frowned over his cup of coffee. “Like why jump the back wall and run after my damn car? Plus you found her what? About five blocks away?”
They survived in silence for a while. The television was turned down low. It was possibly a little after midnight but neither of them were tired enough to leave the conversation where it had ended up. And Sam wasn't going to bed until Dean ate at least half of the sandwich he made.
“Well…” I opened the refrigerator and pulled out a bowl of chilled beans. I debated on rice or noodles and settled on the former, popping both into the microwave. “I guess he just got to me the first night we met. He’s got a kind of depth that not many other people have. And I like depth.”
"Then why does it feel like you're miles away?" The question burned inside of his chest. He suddenly felt so human, maybe he just wasn't an angel anymore.
“How?” Dean stopped mixing and waited, evidently anxious to learn of his nanny’s convincing statements. He wasn’t surprised by Ellen’s authority over his father. In more ways than one, she was always capable of guiding all the Winchesters into the right direction.
Watching Annalise play was soothing to Castiel, and after a while, the two of them smiled at each other until she found something quite interesting behind him. Then her smile faded a little and was back on her face again just as Castiel felt him before he cast his eyes on him.
"Dean, all I see is the two of you working through things. You have plenty of baggage. But you're not the one who gets to decide that you've done everything wrong, okay? Cas walked out on you. I don't like that he hasn't called or he hasn't said anything. But he's selfishly decided to take some time out for himself whilst he knows that you're wounded. So don't stand there and tell me that you're to be blamed for all of it."
When he decided to escape to New York two days after, one particular person was never informed of the trip he would take outside of Littleton and although efforts were made to successfully deliver the message, it was never done.
When Castiel came again, folding over, Dean hugged him tight around the waist and swallowed him whole. And with his jeans bunched around his boots, Castiel almost stumbled backwards but he was held in place by a mouth that was hot and relentless on its pursuit to keep on going until he kept coming over and over again, weakening himself from being overly spent.
“Dean,” Castiel pressed a finger softly on Dean’s parted lips, “slow down. Please…don’t overthink this, you know how anxiety is one of your worst enemies. I’d hate for you to spiral up or down right now because for a while now, you’ve been doing so well. All that matters is you knowing every single second that I love you, okay?”
"I wonder what it's like to be penetrated…" Sam, lying on his back, hands folded behind his head, frowned at the ceiling. "Must hurt like a bitch but there's always lube…"
Castiel grazed his lips on the curve of the other man's neck and moaned deeply before nodding. "I taught you how to swim."
“I tried my best,” Castiel offered with a shrug, drowning into Dean’s right arm.
"When she met that boyfriend though, she was lost in her own world. Used to make mistakes on the line. She worked in packaging like me. Right over there," Jenny pointed not too far from where they stood and her blue eyes saddened. "A few times she didn't fix the boxes right, and the pies slide right out during transport. Love does funny things to people."
Cas remained silent, merely staring into green eyes and refraining from countering what had been said. After some time though, whilst their eyes were locked, the angel developed a saddened look. Almost as if he had been wronged in some way. Possibly deprived of a necessity. But then, there were certain truths that could hurt. There were certain things that didn't make sense and never would.
you for reminding me that it is! I couldn’t quite find the word to sum it all up.”
"Damn," Dean was impressed. "Me too. How about that, huh? The two of us, talking about man crushes. Ain't that something?"
For two weeks, everything about their lives settled into a comfortable feeling whilst dwelling alongside each other in the bunker.
The summer of sweet 2010, Dean could still see it happening right there at the Roadhouse. He was there at a table with Benny and Charlie laughing and having a good time. Then no other than Kevin Tran came over to ask for the beautiful redhead’s number. Little did he know she didn’t swing for his team. But he found out the hard way when Jo jumped over the counter and lunged at him like a tiger.
“What about your favorite Austen movie?”
But one thing was certain; Castiel’s sudden decision to acquire a phone was a bit odd, but entirely satisfactory. Wasn’t it strange that the older man conceded so suddenly? Maybe not, when Dean thought of the world changing and the demands of Castiel’s job; maybe he needed to keep in contact with his clients on an updated platform as opposed to just telephoning them. Emails could be received on his mobile when he was away from his laptop, therefore providing enough comfort in
“You're not stupid. Of course, you aren't. But you’re behaving like a child who doesn't wish to share his toys.”
"So, the two of you have been talking to each other. That's nice. It means that you're getting to know him and I'm glad because that's why I called you here. Well, apart from showing off my scones and getting to see how handsome you are up close."
“Can you say something to me?” Castiel’s voice cracked, his gaze pleading as his fingers that once brushed Dean’s cheek fell to his lap again. “I know that you do not share the same feelings. Am I to lose you completely now because of the truth? I've screwed this up, haven't I? Will you abandon me as your best friend?”
“So you were so smitten with me, you turned down Cassandra,” Cas finally tried again to lighten the air between them. When he noticed that Dean smiled a little, his heart felt somewhat content.
Gone were the days when Dean favored the comfort of the house although the weather produced bitter cold rains. Instead, he commenced the traversing of the moor with Charlie by his side. On Sundays, the two of them, hands linked together, drifted further than the Winchester and Novak’s fences to escape into the backlands where the forest was thick. The grass contained a kind of cold wetness which would have seeped into their footwear if they didn’t wear the appropriate boots fit for winter and bundling up into three layers of clothing provided adequate warmth on their small journeys.
"Then why do people create camps like The Right Path and why do churches preach that anything that's not in the Bible is not normal?"
“Six,” Dean corrected.
“But with me…” Castiel removed the bowl from between them and throwing his leg over the bench to mirror Dean’s position, he pulled the other man closer.
Later in the evening as Claire and Alex left to attend a party with some other friends down the street, the five adults decided to kick off their shoes and light up a bonfire whilst knocking back some beers. The firelight was wild in their eyes. The surrounding area was filled with chirping crickets, frogs pleading for the rain to burst down and the trees swaying. And when Dean looked at Cas, like really looked at him and his smile, he felt like he could face the world, kick ass and do anything.
"My kind?" Cas' parted lips trembled. His chest heaved. "You're really going to stand there and insult who I am, Dean?"
“Just wondering where you ran off to this time, you know, right before coming back here,” he returned with a smile, arms forming a triangle on the table’s surface. “Thought you didn’t have friends nearby?”
somewhat affected by the pangs of it recently. Your neck reddens excessively when you're severely worked up, and so does your face. Needless to say," the older man allowed their eyes to meet as green ones widened, "you might be falling before even realizing the truth."
Dean really looked like he wanted all the things Castiel desired. Like he would be as gentle and patient and kind. Like he knew what he wanted and how he wanted it.
with the main intent of distributing those to less fortunate families in the town. And because Charlie was so eager to assist, lending her enthusiasm to the venture, Crowley welcomed the conversation.
Dean could sense nothing but an abundance of care and concern about his well-being and once determination kicked in, the other man was best left to do whatever pleased him. "I need you, Cas. Is that normal?"
How could he keep going off the edge so many times, was beyond his understanding and when he realized that the prolonged agony between them was building from the inability of the other man to join him, Dean weakly reached between them. He collected Castiel's cock between his fingers and roughly started to jerk him off until he cried out into Dean's shoulder before coming.
Castiel squeezed the younger man into an embrace that was very protective. "What, sweetheart?"
"Yes," the third one nodded, although his expression didn't quite register a scowl like his friends but rather much the need to appear in agreement with their insults. "You're not welcome here."
“I think…that my opinion is biased regardless and therefore I will encourage you to pursue what you wish to. In all honesty,” Castiel said in an uneven tone, revealing that he was clearly affected by some kind of emotion, “you are destined to succeed in anything you attempt because you are very smart and absolutely special.”
The two of them couldn’t stop tasting each other’s lips over and over again and Castiel couldn’t stop his body opening up under Dean’s warmth and comfort.
Dragging his brother out on a hunt was like trying to haul two heavy sacks of potatoes up the steps of the bunker. In short, Dean refused to comply with gaining satisfaction from anything else but his bed.
Maybe it was a triumphant feeling of earning yet another star in his achievement book from making love to Dean, the man who he loved completely and would do anything for. Or maybe it was the actuality of the scene he lived through; of finally bobbing for that goddamn apple and coming out as a winner.
intimate, but okay.”
"The question is," Mala turned to face Cas by her side and she narrowed her eyes back at him, "what are your intentions with Dean? Are you seeking a fling or a long term relationship?"
"Man, that sucks," Dave finally said in the softest tone. "Give it time. He was the first guy you were ever with, right?"
They were trying so hard to muffle the sounds making love to each other produced but perhaps someone passing in the hall would catch on. Hopefully that wouldn’t happen for the time being. Truthfully, neither of them cared enough anyway about eavesdroppers.
The two of them stared at each other. For a long time, something passed between them. Something so powerful, it was overwhelming on both ends. Dean realized that both of them could become so sensitive over the most trivial matters. It wasn’t something that he was used to. He always passed things off and didn’t really read too much into what was said.
"Forget about Sam," Cas said, sounding rather irritated by the avoidance of the topic he had brought up. When Dean sent him a surprised look, the angel sighed. "I'm sorry, but I really would like to know your thoughts on BDSM because I'm not…I don't favor the concept of pain and pleasure. Do you?"
Castiel was stunned. He had no words.
For a while, Dean merely gazed back and wondered how in the world he had become so lucky. If he thought about it long enough, at no time did he ever believe that Castiel of all people would consider him as a love interest. No way. Not when Castiel was so fucking gorgeous and could literally choose anyone else. But instead, as he considered the other man's handsome face and beautiful eyes, he realized that maybe he did deserve love.
"Five each," Dean's voice was hoarse from sleep and crying into his pillow the night before. "I've counted already."
was extremely soft in a manner of speaking, but he shouldn’t have to pay to determine what Castiel’s views were on their intimate moment in the pool. He shouldn’t be feeling so doubtful about his advances and although inexperienced, wondering whether he was extremely bad at love making. He possibly was.
"You smell damn good…" Dean's chest heaved uncontrollably and he thought that he would melt in a matter of seconds onto the parking lot. "Now you're killing me because you can't respect personal space. Dammit, why the hell am I so attracted to you?"
kiss in front of me.” He picked up one of the bags containing his new shirts and appeared sullen. “I’m not exactly homophobic, am I?’
"Yeah, but you kind of make them different for me. I guess you put a little love in there too?" Dean felt his neck grow warmer and he hated himself for being so ridiculously corny.
“Cas, it’s the truth, isn’t it?”
"Okay, um. Wow." Dean pretty much felt constipated. He studied his hands. "So I've been screaming that I've been in love with you…in my mind for so long now, and you never…heard me. Ever."
Castiel in that moment, decided that maybe the worst could happen, and maybe it was simply a chance of luck that he resembled someone Dean happened to encounter during the year. Maybe he perhaps was confused and thought he
"I literally felt like my entire body, soul and everything went through some kind of trauma," the older Winchester confessed, considering his brother with saddened eyes. "Like I was hit hard, Sammy."
"I had no idea," Castiel said as his heart sank.
By the time he did join the other man though, his beautiful lover, he discovered that Dean had used the pocket knife to etch his initials into the bark of tree. Then, holding out the knife in Cas' direction, a wide grin spread across the hunter's face. Immediately, Cas caught on and taking the knife, and shaking his head whilst smiling, he carefully carved out a C. Then, when his eyes focused on those incredibly intense green windows to a beautiful soul, Cas continued with a W.
person is…” he was curious, just enough to feel completely comfortable about it instead of guilty about fishing.
need someone. And if that’s the way you cope with your problems then—”
, Dean. This is your life. With Cas."
Dean rolled his eyes and prepared himself to be hammered with criticism that always was delivered in good humor. “I like how things are, man. Calm, relaxed. No drama to give me any migraines.”
Immediately he mirrored the same move and collected my hand just like that, like if it was so normal to just touch me, despite the fact that I happened to be a stranger and a guy.
then he couldn't go on without him.
"What on
There was no room for wondering whether he was inadequate or undeserving but the only thing certain between them was his grip on Castiel’s left shoulder whilst his other hand drove fingers through disheveled hair. Their breaths, warm and quick, intermingled and blindly, Dean searched lower until he pawed the front of the older man’s pants. He wanted to touch him, wanted to feel that part of Castiel inside his hand again and become reassured that he was privileged to do all of it. And even though it was a challenge to build the older man up to the same crescendo, he resorted to the learned weakness Castiel fell prey to by rubbing his thumb repeatedly and deeply over the tip of his lover’s already leaking cock.
"A teddy bear mug, fluffy slippers that look like rabbits, a blanket that comes with a hoodie with cat ears on it. Um," Dean swallowed, "I buy him boxes of teas, jams, he also likes anything that is in the shape of a bee or a cat so I got him keyrings and sweaters and—"
"It's not like that—"
“When I was a teenager, about fourteen, I started using meth,” Dean said, after Castiel packed away his empty container. “I know, it was a crazy idea but at the time, I wanted to find anyway to cope.”
“No, better out than in, as
Cas slowly began to crumble. He reached across the table and collected the hunter’s hand and squeezed. ‘Dean, you shouldn’t think like that.”
It seemed like small details that should have meant something to him were being bypassed recently, because it’s not like he wasn’t aware of the name of Dean’s castle. The name should have flashed on a red light immediately after they mentioned it to him at breakfast the day prior.
“It’s because of that trust that I didn’t dive in without thinking. I think that sex is so much more than being reckless and blind about what is happening. To me, it’s supposed to be done the right way and with you, obviously it’s different.”
Touching Dean through the dark denim was perhaps a kind of thrilling feeling that sparked up a fire inside of Castiel he shouldn’t have ignited. And naturally, what followed was the inevitable soft moan from Dean as he shifted uncomfortably and squeezed Castiel in his embrace. It was like desiring so much more and because of sitting in the backseat of a car with the anticipation of prying eyes settling on them, the feeling of ecstasy kept climbing to a crescendo.
“The times when I’d watch you wash your car, and your jeans would become wet from the water,” Castiel said, resuming his slow torturous massage with eager fingertips between the younger man’s legs, “and I could see what I wanted and I what I wanted was to touch you, push you up against your car and go down on you…”
Dean rose up, elbows digging into the sheet and he looked on the table. “10 Shiner*, Cas? That's definitely too much!”
"Don't
"Thank you so much," the baby wouldn't stop fussing and he literally initiated a struggle that resembled a fight between him and his mother before she embraced defeat. "Can you hold him? My arms are just aching so much," her eyes darted to Castiel before she smiled wryly. “I mean, if the cast on your arm is a bother then…”
"Dean—"
Those green eyes focused immediately on him after searching, and his lips barely moved, his hand lifting from the bed and Castiel quickly took it. So much passed between them, words unspoken but flowing abundantly until the room was vacated and Charlie remained and turning to consider both of them one at a time, Dean's eyes filled with tears.
“Why?” Charlie kept conversation as they drifted after the Queen. She was glued to his right arm. “Is it like nerves or you genuinely don’t know what to say to him? Because I totally get it. You two haven’t talked in a long time. How do you even start? By saying
“What?” Dean poked his head out of the kitchen.
Dammit. It just felt like he passed me over by not providing a response. And I didn’t understand why it was done so smoothly, but it kind of hurt me. No acknowledgement? Even after I gave in to sacrificing my entire lunch hour to spend time with him? Where was the lie? Apparently people in higher places didn’t really treasure respect or show any kind of appreciation for us peasants. They thought it was our duty to serve their every demand.
“Kiss him,” Cas’ voice broke. He shyly glanced away. “This is awkward. I’m asking his brother for advice.”
“Cas, um, your daughter, Claire,” he cleared his throat, and eyed the other man cautiously, “she’s back in town.”
He couldn't resist, could he? Castiel locked their lips together and searched deeper for something that only their souls could discover, the kind of kiss that was slow and beautiful. So beautiful was the progress of their love making that they couldn't even peel themselves away from each other, all the time there was a desperate need to stay glued together, to take all there was to offer. And no matter how long they stayed drowning in each other's taste, nothing else mattered but what was happening in their own world.
John sipped his apple cider and sighed at the pair by the window. “Ah, here they come. About damn time too since I love to see what odd words this man comes up with,” this he directed at Castiel who sat down next to Hanna and Dean followed shortly on his right.
"Yeah but I wasn't on the receiving end…"
"Exactly! She keeps finding all these excuses to
which was becoming the norm around their small circle.
“I know you didn’t, bro,” Sam offered a sympathetic look. “Judging from what I’m seeing on your face right now, I know you never walked out permanently and I don’t know what the hell happened to you but Dean, well, he’s trying to look like he’s got his shit together. But he isn’t doing so well again. Most days since you left, he’s been going out for long drives and coming back home in the afternoon without saying anything to me. What happened, Cas? You claim that you only left hours ago so how could time fly by so fast?”
“I’m over there,” I jerked my chin and continued walking. Don’t think. Just do. Just…suck it up and avoid the feeling as much as you can; that this moment is a very peculiar one because it feels like an epiphany. And I hated epiphanies. I hated when they made me question my polished character.
"Dean."
"And he's married?"
"Very well said, you assbutt. You know what? I would like a beer if I'm going to sit through this traumatic experience. And by the way," Castiel studied Sam who was pressing his fingertips together to suggest a heavy kissing session, "there is no need for an interrogation since you've known me all these years."
Gawking, she collected the bag, and the two of them sidestepped the other reporters. "Maybe your mind is in the gutter."
“About what?” Charlie pressed on, chin cupped onto her palm and considering him with a soft smile. “About how you’d like to lick him like an ice cream cone? About how you’d like to blow him until he burns out his vocal cords?”
“Christ! This is exactly like Catherine and Lizzie. I don’t need to stand here and listen to this,” Castiel shook his head, could feel his temper flaring and he began to leave. “Good bye.”
Blinking into blue eyes, Dean waited a few second whilst his thoughts settled. Then he smiled. "Alright," he finally said softly, linking their arms together. "But none of them are getting onto my bed. And that's a rule I wouldn't allow you to break."
"Saint Ann's Hospital," Castiel croaked, his face contorting as he couldn’t stop crying. "Hurry."
"Maybe it doesn't affect you the way it affects me. Maybe you don't crave what I crave. But it drives me…crazy knowing that you're a celestial…being…and you probably don't ever think or dream about us…kissing for the first time but it drives me insane because it's all I ever dream about."
Sam, after spending a considerable time debating on the meaning behind his brother’s words, discovered that his heartstrings tugged painfully. And perching on the arm of the chair, he sighed because if there was one person who deserved love, then it was Dean. Thus far, Dean proved that he could tend to his own happiness quite abundantly but apart from that, companionship lacked in so many areas where a mere friendship with Castiel could not suffice. Because it was delightful as it was for his brother to have such a fond best friend, romantic-wise and sexually, Dean also must have needs. And when Sam highlighted the obvious downcast looks when the topic of romance was brought up, he decided that his brother wasn’t even aware of how dissatisfied he was.
Considering Castiel for a few seconds as his mind softened from the merlot, the younger man collected the case and slowly removed the instrument that shone from the soft warm glow of the lamps and the fire. Then as he handed his glass over, Dean fitted the guitar comfortably upon his left thigh and lightly caressed the strings, the soft sounds causing his soul to sigh deeply.
"Dean," Sam braced himself for one of their talks, possibly one that was long overdue. "Is that why the two of you were so prickly with each other recently?"
"I still need a nickname for you though. Maybe you may suggest one?" Blue eyes met green ones and the two of them gazed at each other for a full minute before the younger man blinked, swallowed and diverted his attention to the fountain in the front yard. "How about…darling?"
"She was persuasive enough to make Dean Winchester slip on red lace panties?"
Letting out a long sigh, as if he was holding his breath for over an hour, Castiel blinked. “He’s been lying to me.”
Green eyes latched onto the grinning she tiger flattened by a wall, sipping from a red cup. Her red lips sucked on the rim a little and then she stuck out her tongue.
"Do you feel that?" the older man asked hoarsely, his eyelashes fluttering, "our chemistry when we're together? I just…knew we could be like this. So…perfect and—"
But when the hope started to fade away, he replaced it with hatred and anger, lots of anger that blackened his mind because anger was the only thing he thought of when John’s haughty face floated up from the pits of hell.
love with him. Therefore he held onto that statement and he didn’t wish to let go no matter how much his heart proved otherwise by beating wildly, trying to unhinge him every time he thought of Castiel actually seeing him as a potential match.
"No!" Dean cried in fatigue, eyes watering as he glared at his brother. "I'm just so…angry at him and I don't know why! I just know that I am. I'm fed up with the choices he makes and how arrogant he can be sometimes. He never listens. Never!"
"Then…keep in contact with her. Keep your circle small with people you can trust, you know?" Dean thought of how few friends he now entertained and realized that if he ever related his situation to a few of them from high school, then they would be very much judgmental. "Those two assholes who you hang with?" he jerked his thumb to the inside of the building that contained all the excitement, "what are the odds of them finding out about you and still sticking around? They might beat the crap out of you. So, maybe you should stick around them a little but think about the long run because if you lead, they're not going to follow."
“Um…yeah,” Dean laughed nervously with his eyes still closed. “Shit, why am I so freaking terrified to see them for the first time?”
“The finest cottage in all its glory,” Castiel remarked with a forced smile. He had been faking all of his smiles for more than three weeks now. “How does that sound?” he considered Ruby’s smirk. “Too British?”
The two of them gazed at each other and upon reflex, Dean nodded because the question sounded so awfully familiar, like a ghost brushing its fingers down his spine. “Yeah, of course I do, Cas. It’s just that I’m not mentally prepared to take a swim and I haven’t gone into a pool in…years maybe so…”
been confiding in her. Are you jealous, Dean? Again? That Charlie confided in me? First it was Jo and now it’s Charlie?”
Castiel sighed again and this time, his shoulders slumped. “Jack, if I tell you what that is, will you promise to keep this between us? Will you promise that this will never come out?”
"Does this seem familiar to you?" Castiel's narrowed blue eyes met her astonished ones and after he began to scale another fish, she scoffed.
He was floating.
He had no idea why he was staring at the square of tissue between his fingers. Had no idea why he saved Dean's number in his cell as 'Prince'. And the more he thought about what was happening to him, a dull migraine crept up behind his temples like a fever. Trying to perhaps warn him that he was venturing into murky waters. And he needed to turn around and run.
“What?” his tone was so soft though, as Castiel lightly caressed Dean’s left cheek with cupped fingers. His skin was warm and the absence of a light stubble gave him a youthful appearance that was always even more handsome and playful to admire.
“When do you think you first started to fall in love with me?” Dean drifted closer, slowly wound his arms around the other man and pulled him in close. When he felt Castiel shudder from the physical contact, Dean kissed the soft spot under the other man’s left ear.
“If, however, your feelings do end up changing, I will keep on reminding you that you’ve bewitched me, body and soul,” his heart was as light as a butterfly, “and I love,” Dean pressed their lips together softly then pulled away an inch whilst they gazed at each other, “I
“Cas, Dean is officially a
“Pleasure to meet you, padre. The name’s John Winchester,” the older man said, offering a handshake and after receiving one, he proceeded to express his delight in having a new face around town. “You coming with me or waiting on your angel?” this he directed at his son with the most genuine smile ever.
"Yeah, Cas," Dean said weakly, his mind becoming dizzy from the prospects of everything those kind of moments would entail. "I'd love that more than anything. Hurry up and come over, okay? All the family's over and whilst they're enjoying it, as I should be, all I want is to be with you. I love you…" And releasing his thumb, he sent the voice note, eyes glistening with tears and being consumed with so much hope and happiness.
"Oh, come on," she sat up and stared, "don't give me that bull. You've been writing about him and his family for years now. You know things about him that I bet I don't even know."
Dean laughed. The sound of an audience laughing drifted from Sam’s room next door. “Meg seriously believed we were together since then. Even Balthazar. Crowley used to throw these hints.”
Almost as if something sparked inside of him, the younger man's eyes widened and sucking in a generous amount of air, he quickly separated them. "Fuck, I'm…" raking his fingers through his hair, Dean swallowed hard before Castiel turned to gaze at him, "I didn't mean to do that."
"What's that?"
“That’s what I want to do,” Dean rubbed their lips together and tilted Castiel’s head upwards. He pressed soft kisses all the way from Castiel’s chin to his soft skin exposed between the unbuttoned shirt that smelled faintly of honey and vanilla. “I want to keep showing you how we’re meant for each other in every possible way.”
“Took me almost five years filled with nothing…to discover that I always had something special going on right here,” Dean maintained eye contact and reached for Castiel’s right hand. Entwining their fingers, his eyes warmed with so much love, the older man, after blinking at him in awe, instantly relaxed with a sigh.
"Dean," Castiel's tone was uneven, even as the younger man struggled to understand why his heart ached, "Dean, wait a minute. You're not soppy or emotional. And you're absolutely
“What can I get ya?” her eyes were shining with fascination, slowly crawling over the older man’s face and making her conclusions already. “And who’s this?”
Why would Dean chase after someone else when he had literally lived through a transformation that almost killed him? A transformation that broke him into tiny pieces just so that he could fix himself back together in order to love a man who was still questioning him.
They approached the double doors that were immediately pulled open to reveal a finely dressed older man who distinctly reminded Castiel of an FBI agent offering nothing but professional and curt manners. Funny enough, he appeared to be out of place, almost as if he was on a mission and just from the thought, Castiel found himself smiling guiltily, wondering if James Bond wasn’t fictional after all.
past and you constantly feel as if your history bombards me and creates an imbalance. My life thus far has been boring. You wouldn't wish to learn of my flings in high school and there is nothing else but my deranged family so—"
“And what is
By the time Charlie finished with the book and wandered downstairs, she stumbled into no other than the very same man whose likeness was contained in the photos. And with the same charm and happiness in greeting, Castiel gestured for Charlie to sit with him in front of the fire as the rains poured and thunder rocked the sky above them.
