“I spent a long time wondering how to best describe Sherlock with the respect he deserves on his wedding day; how to do justice to a brilliant man who truly defies description. I could speak for an hour - don't worry, I won't - but if I did, you'd still be no closer to recognising what a marvellous human being he is. And yet, miraculously, Sherlock can still be summed up with a single, internationally-recognised hand gesture." Makes gesture while giggling; the room giggles with her, Sherlock frowns.
“Okay Jo…” I raise an eyebrow, “yes Sir Captain Sir”
We spend the afternoon with Mrs. Hudson talking about everything and nothing. Chatting about the time Mrs. H and Sherlock were in Florida where they first met. We talk until supper time when Sherlock helps Mrs Hudson take the tea tray back downstairs.
Half an hour later John and Sherlock are still grinning when Greg Lestrade knocks on the door, while entering the room. “John, great to see you mate. Sherlock texted me to let me know you were awake. Do you feel up to giving a statement?”
“What’s so special about this one then?” John asks. Sherlock seems to be ignoring them while looking at slides on his microscope in the kitchen.
“Yes ma’am.” He steps toward the Doctor and quietly apologizes while putting on the handcuffs, voice low enough that his partner can’t hear. “I’m sorry sir, she outranks me or I would gladly have gone to check for your documentation.” Taking the cane away, “Lean on me, I’ll help you to the car. They should be able to clear everything up down at the station.”
“Rosie is happily playing, the nappy bag is full of supplies and stashed over by the door. I won’t have to go upstairs for anything, she could even nap down here in the playpen. You have to be going out of your mind with boredom by now, I know I am… Please love, for me. Go. Spend some time outside of these walls.”
“I’ll drink to that.”
I feel so fortunate to be able to spend time with this exceptional man.
“I understand, but I would prefer to wake the patient myself if you don’t mind.” Doctor Jacobs responds.
“I realize that John, I do trust you. It’s me I don’t trust.” Looking at the ceiling, “Get some sleep. I need to think.”
Let’s put the microphones in the loo at the pub around the corner.
Lestrade rasps, sitting up “I’m fine fellas, (Cough) really. I’ll be alright.” Cough. “Nothing to worry about. (Cough) My fault, I didn’t listen.” Cough.
I want to spend the rest of my life with you.
“Great! You can pay for lunch then” I laugh at his shocked look as I walk to the door. I call up the stairs to Mrs. H “If you need anything just call Mrs. H.”
“Good, that’s, ah, good. Did anyone notify my sister I was in hospital?” John wonders, pressing the call button.
Behind him, Lestrade yells out “Hey, we’re not done yet!”
“What couldn’t he have? There were women flirting with us at the pubs all the time.” John frowns.
I strip down to my pants and vest as Jorge brings out the two suits and the tuxedo. “Let’s start with the tux first, Sherlock will get bored out there if left alone too long.”
Sherlock Holmes, John Watson, Mycroft Holmes, Martha Hudson
, what brings you here?” The contempt is evident as is the sneer on her face.
“Bollocks!” John growls, rubbing his aching head. Sherlock whips his gaze to John, “How long have you known Lestrade? Mrs. Hudson? Molly? Me? We’ve been in a relationship of one sort or another since Mike introduced us at Bart’s” stated calmly, reassuring. “Other than you trying to make me leave earlier I thought we were doing rather well.”
“Okay, let’s go, one, two, and three.”
“Why don’t you take a shower, it’ll help release more of your tension. If you’re still tense after, I’ll give you a massage.” Sherlock purrs the last sentence into John’s ear so Lestrade won’t hear.
“Good, very good. I should lock you in a cock cage more often.” I joke back with a smirk. I brush my teeth, rinse then run my right hand over the stubble on my chin. “I’ll have to try shaving right handed again tomorrow…”
At the station the man is processed into the system as ‘John Doe 6-5-1854’ as he cannot prove who he is and the man behind the receiving desk refuses to take him at his word. He tells the officer entering his information into the computer who he is time and again and that everything can be cleared up with a simple phone call to the hospital. He has the right to a call, it’s the law damn it!
The auctioneer calls out, “That’s £550 to you sir, do you have an additional bid?”
Not quite an hour later I wake to Rosie making faint babbling noises through the baby monitor. Sherlock is still asleep in my arms on the couch. I try my best to not wake him as I slide out to go attend to my daughter. Just as I shimmy out from under him he mumbles “No. Stay. Don’t go. Comfortable.”
“I’ve been ignoring them, they ache a bit.” Sherlock admits with a slight frown.
Rubbing Sherlock’s shoulder again, “Major James Sholto” cough, “He was my commanding officer while I was stationed at Helmand. We were both tired, lonely, and a little too drunk one night and took comfort in each other. We’d just got back from a week of hell, one thing led to another and we were giving each other a hand-job in his office. Shortly after that, I was promoted and redeployed to Kandahar.”
“It’s for a case.” Sherlock huffs the reply.
Sherlock follows John’s gaze, “Ah, I think the first order of business would be putting her in a proper bed.”
The men run away before John can get to where Sherlock was tossed over. Without hesitating John dives over the side into the water. The tide is in, the water is cold and murky; only the lights under the bridge arches illuminate the water. It’s too dark to see much of anything under the water, John rises to take a deep breath before diving down once again. John swears as though it takes an hour to find his lover but it took less than two minutes. Johns fingers find the ever present Belstaff, he almost sighs in relief as he starts to pull Sherlock back to the surface.
When Rosie is clean and dressed, and we’re once again presentable, we find Kevin in the great room with a topographic map open on the table. There is a dark line hand drawn winding through it and a red line in a large rough circle. A few marks (X) are where I recognize buildings. “I’m going to leave this for you. There is a mistake and no matter how many times the Forestry guys are told, they still print the error.” He points at a mountain on the map and out the window. “This is the hill just here, Buck Peak, we’re at the base. Do you see anything wrong?” He asks both Sherlock and I.
While eating Mycroft informs the room, “Doctor Stamford has agreed to visit Baker Street on his way to and from work until you feel you no longer require his services John. Additionally Nurse Levi has agreed to attend to Miss Watson as a temporary nanny as well as assisting John around the flat.”
Sherlock shrugs a shoulder, flipping a page, “John has been in solitary confinement for most of the last three weeks. He didn’t want to be alone and I needed room to work.”
Still growling “You aren’t going to defend your actions? I asked that you not leave me behind or risk your life. I can’t lose you again Sherlock!” I have followed him into the kitchen. My voice starts to break “I can’t go through that again…”
“John! Are you alright?” Sherlock is at my side.
Once inside the house Greg led us to the rear of the house and what looked like the master bedroom. Greg begins his basic introduction “Gladys Parks, 53. Says she came home and found that someone had come in and rearranged her furniture and stolen her jewellery. This is the fourth place this month.” Sherlock drew out his magnifying lens and started looking for clues as I stand off to the side out of the way with Rosie. Greg comes by “Hey John. Enjoyed dinner last night, pick a date yet?”
“Oh god, we have to stop or I’m going to scar my daughter for life.” I pull away, cupping my hand around Sherlock’s sensuous neck. “Later, we’ll definitely finish this later.” As I adjust myself in my jeans to ease the pressure on my erection.
“John we should pick up new clothes for Rosie as well.” We wander to the children’s department and pick her up an assortment of overalls, jumpers and warm shirts. Sherlock selects a few nicer outfits for Rosie to wear in New York and San Francisco. I’m thankful we brought the pram and threw in the harness, we have amassed quite a haul!
Sherlock holds out his hand to shake, Kevin takes it. “Made it to Major and not quite as retired as I’d like to be. Glad to meet you, happy Doc found someone. We’ll have to hit the sporting goods store up the road, I don’t have any ear protection for someone this petite.” Kevin gives Rosie’s curls a quick caress. “If you two are into wine, you’ve arrived just in time for the crush.”
4.	Fellatio (giving/receiving)
“Yeah, it was nice considering the circumstances. Angelo sent over a lovely supper when he found out you were hurt. We spent most of the day watching a Dr. Who marathon if I’m not mistaken.”
“Just give me a few minutes. That’s the first time I’ve fired anything larger than a handgun since I’ve been shot. Forgot where King shot me with the nail is still healing. I didn’t think it would bloody hurt that much.” I reply low. Louder I include Kevin in the conversation “Can you show Sherlock and me the riffle, I need a minute.”
I look at him “Not without you, I’d miss you too much. A month is too long to be apart. Would you want to go? I can ask him for more information on the area if so.” I’d love the opportunity to go, but I can’t be apart from Sherlock for that long again.
The only bruising both men were currently sporting were inflicted, accidently, to one another, while being intimate. Just yesterday they wrapped up an embezzlement case for a well to do private client who paid them more than requested as a thank you for such a quick solution to his problem. They celebrated well into the night. As such, John was a bit stiff and sore and decided to take a hot bath this morning and relax.
“Sounds good. Guess we should call your mum back and let her know.” Placing a room temperature can of beer on the counter, “I picked up the ingredients to make a roasted chicken for supper tonight. You game for another cooking lesson?”
“Yes…”
Lestrade answers Sherlock, “Well, people are turning up dead from apparent overdoses. Thing is, family and friends are swearing the victims aren’t drug users. So, either they were all very good at hiding their addictions.” Sherlock snorts derisively. Lestrade takes a calming breath and continues, “Or… they were murdered. All were found with a high concentration of a mixture of heroin and cocaine in their systems.”
I want to know what is different about these. “Clothes pins?”
On a side note, lawyer Daggett filed a counter suit demanding recompense for the hospital stay and my lost wages. Apparently the two were rather wealthy, note I keyed ‘were’. Between the families of their two victims and the lawsuit lawyer Daggett filed on my behalf, they are no longer so well-off anymore.
The rest of the month passed without major incident. Sherlock solved several cases for Lestrade, one for Dimmok and a few personal clients via email and text. Kevin has a washer and dryer up at the ‘office’ so I spent my time wisely while we were up there. When not doing research for Sherlock I managed to thoroughly clean the office area and catch up on laundry.
“We have to go to NSY and give Lestrade our statements, other than that we are free.” Rosie giggles as he flies the spoonful of mush around in a circle for her. He’s so good with her, no one would ever guess the self-proclaimed Sociopath would be so caring.
“About half way done here John then I’ll sew you back together. I’ll contact Dr. Morris at Bart’s and explain what happened to you. They should be able to give you back your job, it wasn’t your fault you didn’t show up for your shifts.”
“Not always women… I’m bisexual. John never chatted up any of the men who flirted with him when we were out. Thought he was straight.”
Greg looks at me again “See, that’s what I’m talking about!” he waves his hand at me.
Sherlock turns, pulling out his phone to text the local police the solution.
“John, what is that incessant noise?” Sherlock demands.
Sherlock smiles at John and adds in a loud confidential whisper to Rosie, “See, your Daddy is magical. That carrot wasn’t in my pocket before.”
Still smiling, “Right. Ok. Have I got the rings?” Greg pats at his pockets as I glare at him. “Yes! I have the rings. Ok. We can go.”
Sherlock takes the file and opens it low enough for me to read it with him. “Where the hell would he come into contact with woolly mammoth hair?” I exclaim.
“Alright, alright. I’m going to go up and start taking the crib apart. Need to grab Rosie’s things and at least a change of clothes for me.”
“I know, I am a Doctor after all. You seemed… tense, thought it would help take the edge off.” John smiles sweetly and clicks their glasses together, “To us” and takes a small sip.
We went down to Sussex, near Eastbourne, to investigate a duck, or rather ducks. Yes, you read that correctly – ducks; quacking birds with feathers that lay eggs. Victoria Parker raises prized Eider ducks, known for their exceptional quality of down feathers. Once a week, something was getting into her pens and removing two or three ducks only to have them returned the next night without a down feather on them. She set up cameras only to have them taken down or broken, no matter how well she hid them. She contacted the local police who were flummoxed and outsmarted for several weeks.
“Any new after effects? You already had a bit of a tremor…”
“I could use another cuppa.” I reply. I start to get up and he gestures for me to stay and picks up the pot and prepares me another cup. I take a sip “perfect, thank you love.” He beams and starts to wash dishes. This is new, I’m not going to jinx it by asking what’s up though. I play a bit with Rosie as I sip my tea. When he is done cleaning up my cup is empty and he washes it as well.
“Fantastic! How are you feeling? You look a bit flushed.”
A few minutes pass while they eat in companionable silence before Sherlock speaks. “John? Not long ago you told me to… take a chance, do something, while there’s still a chance…” nervous.
This dirt road is in much better condition, wide, brushed and smooth. A few turns see us at a large flat with a huge garage. There is a bulldozer, backhoe and a grader parked under a wide overhang. Once again Sherlock parks and turns off the motor.
Looking from John to Sherlock in mild shock. “He didn’t tell you? John was valedictorian, best in our class by a huge margin. Straight A’s, tops in every subject... All the department heads wanted him. I was extremely lucky to have him as a dorm mate and study partner, he made me work harder. I wouldn’t be where I am today without him pushing me to do better.”
She updates Johns’ chart then leaves, as she is exiting through the door Sherlock says quietly, “Thank you.” Then resumes texting, phone sounds off.
Nurse Jessie smiles, “I’ll see to it myself. Do you need a clean gown or did someone bring you pajamas?” Seeing the open suitcase on the chair.
A slurred baritone call of “Jawwwwn! Jawn where are you?” can be heard in the hallway outside the recovery room. Sherlock’s surgeon pats John good naturedly on the back before leaving with a, “Happy Christmas Mr. Holmes.”
“I believe so Doctor John sir. We have the rest of the bolt of fabric in the back if I am not mistaken.” He’s going through his supplies in his head. “Yes, we still have that fabric. Mr Holmes was highly fond of it and had me set it aside for him.” He’s almost finished the adjustments on the tux by this point. He tweaks my left sleeve one last time. “Done, if you remove that carefully I will let Mr Holmes know he can come back in now?”
John is glad he put on his best clothes that still fit when they left this morning and had his hair cut. The menu the waiter handed him didn’t have any prices on it and everything was in a foreign language. Clearing his throat, John whispers, “Um Sherlock?”
“The vineyards are picking and crushing their grapes. The white grapes are being picked now, reds are usually picked between now and the beginning of November.” We grab a couple shopping carts and head inside the store “Three boxes arrived from England, I left them on your bed at the ranch.” Kevin says as we show our cards to the person at the door “Thought I’d pick up a couple new throw rugs, between the two vehicles we should be able to get everything back. Oh, and a bottle of champagne to celebrate your marriage!“ He slaps me, hard, on the shoulder, I wince a bit as he hit the left one over my scars.
“Hmm? No, not Bill, he prefers the ladies. He’s married with two kids of his own now. We get together once every few months or so for a pint to catch up. I’d like you to meet him sometime.” John squeezes Sherlock’s shoulder at the end.
“Hurts like hell, but I can’t complain.”
We’ve had the cooking, now for the storm part. You might not have heard but I was abducted (Yes, again!) and ended up in hospital with a concussion. While reducing the sauce, I had a severe headache flare up unexpectedly. Sherlock gave me a massage, he finished it off by playing my favorites on the violin until I fell asleep. When I awoke, my headache was gone and my vision had cleared for the first time in days!
Three weeks after Sherlock jumped, boxes started to show up at Baker Street addressed to Dr. John H Watson. It was very odd. It started with a scale model of London Bridge, followed a few days later by a miniature Tower of London. A week later the Eifel Tower. Three weeks after that John opened a box to find a tiny Sphinx followed two days later by miniatures of the Great Pyramids of Giza. There were never notes as to who was sending them, just the figurine in a plain brown box. His name and address were printed very neatly in an unrecognizable handwriting, none matching any other.
Knowingly smiling in return, “I’m extremely jealous… not sure if I could handle polygamy, I wouldn’t want to have to share you.” As he’s speaking, John leans in closer to Sherlock.
“Thankfully, no. Bruising on my bad shoulder, hurts like hell.” I grimace as I try to put my coat on, Sherlock is at my side in an instant helping me. “Thanks” He just nods back, not looking at me.
“Mmm” John stretches, still laying down. Gingerly opens both eyes to slam them shut again. “Nope, not yet.”
For a last minute wedding everything came together exceptionally well. The ceremony is held in front of the Jubilee Gates in Regents Park right on time at 6:30. The weather is beautiful, blue sky, the sun shining not a cloud in sight, perfect. Somehow the tourists are nowhere to be found, I suspect Mycroft had something to do with it as there are several people in black suits and sunglasses standing around. Mycroft is wearing a black tuxedo, he must have talked with Jorge as he has matched my and Sherlock’s waistcoats.
So, no sight, sound, or smell. Now that he’s aware of it, he can taste only the rubber of the gag in his mouth.
Sitting in a coffee shop enjoying a quick cup and a snack during a case, a man who drugged his prey prior to mutilating and murdering them. John and Sherlock are sitting at a table enjoying one another’s company, talking about the case and life in general. John called for the bill when he started to feel tired, figuring the adrenaline and lack of sleep from the past couple of days was catching up with him.
Sherlock asks “You’ve gone to the police with this picture?” Handing me the phone.
“I love you too John.” Takes a deep breath and lets it out, “Fine. We can do what Molly wants.”
When done Sherlock turns off the water and grabs a towel to start drying me off. He gently pats my left shoulder and allows me to move my arm as he dries it. When I’m dried off he wraps the damp towel around my waist. He helps me back into the brace to keep the injured shoulder immobilized. He looks like he is as hard as I am as he grabs a dry towel for himself.
“Why? I don’t want anything to do with her anymore! I… I can’t…”
This is it.
Shocked and confused, “Really? I’ve never known you buy milk or any other groceries for that matter.”
A few months later another car is stolen. When the trunk is opened, a blond man is waiting.
I wander back to the kitchen to start the kettle boiling again. I go into the lounge, click on the telly, grab my mug and head back to make a cuppa when the kettle clicks off. I watch crap telly, not really paying attention, sipping my ever cooling tea for the next hour. I wander down the hall to a vision of Sherlock’s glorious naked arse peeking out the doorway. “Hey handsome boy, coming to check your work.”
Surprisingly there is room for me to place both bags of food in the fridge without unpacking them. Thinking back, Sherlock has been keeping the toxic waste and body parts in the fridge to a minimum since Rosie and I moved back in. From the doorway of the kitchen I ask “Would either of you like some tea or water?”
Greg and Sherlock reply to the greeting with Sherlock adding “I made scones. Everything will be ready in a few minutes.”
I’m starting to get a bit annoyed with him, it must show. Sherlock takes my hand and kisses my knuckles. “No case. I am happy and want to marry the man I love.” He beams down at me, I grin back and relax.
The squat man with the beer gut, with black and green teeth orders him yet again, “On your knees slave!”
John had spent most of Saturday afternoon and evening convincing Sherlock it would be a nice gesture to attend church services in the morning. His mother won’t be around forever and she will appreciate his being there. In the end John made Sherlock a deal that he would fellate him when they put Rosie down for her afternoon nap for the remainder of the trip. After that, Sherlock suggested they spend an extra week, maybe even two…
“In the morning, it’s late, I’m tired. My husband is injured…” John begins
“You’re welcome, we filled up the racks up at the office but didn’t know where else to stack it so we just left it out there and threw a tarp over most of it.” I reply, while popping the tray in the oven. Sherlock adjusts the temperature.
Smiling “I was wondering if you remembered…” standing at ease “There are holes in their plan, easy enough for a determined person to slip through.” Pulling over the rough map they made.
John frowns a bit, “Yeah, more on the right. Hold on.” John brings his right arm down, palpating his abdomen from left to right. When he gets to the right mid quadrant he sucks in a grunt of pain and swears, “Shit.”
Greg smiles dropping a large paper bag on an empty kitchen chair, “Ah, I see Sherlock cooked you some breakfast, good. I tracked down some of your belongings at the MET. I found a phone, socks, shoes, belt, denims, and a shirt. Someone must have made off with your keys and jacket, sorry.”
“Of course, Sherlock requested that I stay, so I stayed. Doctor Jacobs scheduled your MRI for later this morning.” Mycroft answers.
Earlier in the day Mrs. Hudson tried to convince us to put up some Christmas twinkle lights but Sherlock and I agreed to keep Rosie’s birthday separate from any holiday decorations. We’ve had a family talk and we agreed to no Christmas decorations can be put up inside our flat until 12 December or later – no exceptions. If we need, we can readdress the moratorium if Rosie wants a change when she is older.
“No, I see two… nausea” teeth clenched, eyes closed.
I open one eye and ask incredulously “Are you kidding?” I look up at him “No, you’re not are you?” I sigh and start to twirl my thumb over one of his nipples, “You are the most clever, brilliant, gorgeous genius I have ever met! You’re sexy as fuck. I feel safe with you, I don’t with most people. You love my daughter as if she were your own, and soon she will be. You are special, one of a kind. I’m the fortunate one to have been able to catch your eye, you are out of my league. Need I go on?” As I nuzzle his neck.
“Any questions so far?” Kevin asks.
Mrs. Hudson pipes up “John dear, why don’t you let the Inspector and I get Rosie ready for her nap while you go and change? I’m sure we can manage.”
I mumble to myself as I search the case behind Sherlock’s leather chair in the other corner, finding a sword, “I really need to pick up a swear jar!”
“Well, I’m not supposed to disturb any of the other patients.”
“Doctor Watson requires your assistance brother dear.” Mycroft calls through.
“Stop!” John commands, “I am a Doctor and if I say the catheter and IV come out, they are going to come out.” Captain Watson is not happy. “I would prefer someone who knows what they are doing remove them, but I will walk my friend over here through it if needs be.” Pointing a thumb at Sherlock who looks positively chuffed at the notion.
Until next time.
The only item Sherlock vetoed picking out at Costco were the sheets for our beds.
Greg is bouncing Rosie on his knee, sitting on the other side of the table. I turn the statements so he can read them and point out the similarity between the victims. “In each robbery, the victims all had an exterminator over a couple days to a week before. The same exterminator, ‘Andy’s Hit-squad‘. Check out Andy and odds are you’ll find the jewellery.” Sherlock is beaming at me.
“Oh! Double vision, probably from the blow to the head. You have a concussion more than likely.”
Coughing, “John” wheezing, another cough, “I did something stupid.” Cough.
“I will always worry about you, I needed to see for myself.”
Sherlock volunteers to attend Rosie. I do a quick search of the refrigerator, freezer and cabinets and discover I have on hand what I need to make Sherlock his favourite, pea risotto, for supper. Even better, Rosie adores it as well.
I can’t resist him. I add more lube to myself then line myself up and slowly enter. It’s heavenly; he is so tight and hot. When I’m seated I bend down and tease his nipples. I tease him until he groans out “move”.
John knocks on the door labelled administration and hears a faint ‘come in’ from the other side. “Hello,” he greets the blond woman sitting behind the desk “Mike Stamford said I should come down and talk to Claire. I’m John Watson, Doctor Murray hired me…”
“Can you continue? Do you need to stop?” Sherlock is worried, asking his questions too low for Kevin to hear.
The first to be auctioned off are the young, preteen girls, most are crying. They are led on stage by guards, the girls wearing nothing more than leather collars with leashes attached. A silver haired man with dark brown eyes sits down at the table as the first girl is led to a pedestal. The dark-haired man growls low at him, “What are you doing here Lestrade?”
“Yes, it’s made up like a doctor. He has a little stethoscope in the medical bag and everything, it was on my desk when I arrived at work today. Didn’t expect a second one, there is supposed to be a £20 limit.”
I go back into the house and grab Rosie’s nappy bag and stuff a couple outfits and several nappies inside. Head out to the kitchen grab a couple clean bottles and a container of formula along with the car keys. I notice the dogs in the run outside. Damn! I write a quick note to Sean and Kate to watch the dogs along with my cell number. I get Rosie settled in the car, check to make sure John is still breathing and has a pulse and race down towards town stopping at the gate long enough to leave the note about the dogs. This is the longest eleven miles of my life. I drive the entire way with one hand on the wheel and the other on John’s wrist making sure he still has a pulse. His skin under my hand is hot. Thankfully there is no traffic as I forget we’re not in England anymore and am driving on the wrong side of the road for most of the trip down.
“If you’ve forgotten why you hate me, you’re in luck! I’m about to give you a few more reasons.” I growl back at her.
I take a taxi back to Baker Street to drop off the packages and grab Rosie’s pram, she’s starting to get heavy. We wander down the street to Tesco to pick up enough disposable cameras for everyone to have two along with some milk, bread and a chicken. We meander the long way home to stop by the pharmacy to grab more lube, as we’re running low. It’s half past eleven when we get back. Mrs. Hudson is back from her errands and agrees to watch Rosie when Greg arrives.
Nodding over to the corner, “Check the refrigerator, I knew you would be coming over today.” Looking smug, and overly satisfied.
Sherlock rises, flicking off a light on a side table as he moves closer, “John, should you be up yet?”
“I was an absent friend when you needed me. Mary took all of my free time dealing with baby chores; painting the nursery, putting the new furniture together, buying several sets of everything, OBGYN visits. I am indebted you went with us to hospital for Rosie’s birth, your company meant a lot to me. Even though you could not bother to pay attention at Rosie’s christening it was good that you remembered to come. I suspect Mrs. Hudson had a hand it that though.
I unwrap the wet towel and toss it to the foot of the bed and take another bite of my sandwich. “I am in too much pain to do anything tonight and I am still upset on how you left me behind earlier.”
When we show up at the crime scene Donovan starts in with her normal tirade. “Well hello
After a bit I ask, “Greg, who’s watching Sherlock?” I’m curious.
“John, John, John. We need to go to a jewellery store and pick out rings. You did agree to marry me after all.” He gives me a huge smile.
Crying now, “John I…”
“Yeah, whatever, knock yourselves out. Remind me when we get back we can pull the backseat out of the attic, you can put the baby seat in then. Oh, stay to the left here. The road to the right is a dead end, nice place to watch a sunset though.” We start to head downhill past several large fields. We’ve passed several covey of quail fluttering about as we travel along. “Quail season opens tomorrow, hopefully the little buggers stick around.”
“You think that wise? She’s only nine…”
They pop the trunk to be greeted by a smallish blond Tasmanian devil wielding a tire lever with considerable skill.
It’s not uncommon for John to wake up alone in an empty cold bed. Even though he would prefer the company, he knows Sherlock would be bored to tears just watching him sleep. Today, however, the sheets are still warm and John can hear Sherlock talking to whom he believes to be Rosie in the kitchen. Happily he does a quick stretch of his various limbs before rising to do his morning ablutions.
“I enjoy them on you!” Turning a light shade of pink, “I don’t need anything so posh. I’m just an ordinary bloke, cotton and lambs wool are just fine with me.”
“Sherlock, I need to hop downstairs to Mrs. Hudson’s for a minute. You can either wait for me or add some olive oil to the pan and start browning the vegetables.”
Lestrade meets them at an abandoned building across town. Donovan is once again manning the yellow tape at the perimeter. She huffs in annoyance, but otherwise ignores them as they go past, Sherlock and John ignore her in kind.
I sputter “Wh, what? I found them extremely intimidating. Especially as they had me tied up and were using me as a punching bag!” I practically yell the last part.
“Hey John, how are you and Miss Rosie today?” Greg inquires as he takes a seat.
“Of course, just let me put on my shoes. What’s the case about?” John asks as he grabs a shoe off the cold hearth.
Putting on a pair of gloves Doctor Murray asks, “May I look at your stitches?” to John.
“I can’t be with someone who shot you Sherlock.”
Sherlock lifts and eyebrow at me, giving me sway over the conversation. “Okay, sounds good. Did you want to show us anymore of the estate today?” I reply to Kevin.
Before John can finish that thought he hears a desperate, “Oh God yes!” from Sherlock.
0kay. “What else?” I inquire, lifting his chin to look into his eyes
Feeling much better after his massage, orgasm and a hot shower, John, a bit hungry wanders back into the lounge wearing an untied dressing gown over pyjama pants and one of his old army t-shirts. Greg is drinking a beer sitting in Sherlock’s chair. The telly was on, showing a car running around a wet track, the driver was dressed all in white.
“John, I trust you. We can go as slow as you need but I require release before I can relax enough to sleep.”
“Please, stay. I don’t get visitors and I’m bored.” The lump on the bed sits up. Striking eyes that seem to change colour as he’s looking. The eyes seem to be looking into the blonds soul.
Kevin was able to calm Rosie down and get her back to sleep. The dogs were laying under her cot; Jagger half asleep, Odin alert for any further disturbance.
“Yeah, not shooting a riffle left-handed! Fuck that hurt.” I finally moan out.
“John?”
Sherlock glances up from the file he was looking at, then back down. “He asked me to stay with him in case he needed help during the night. As it turned out, he did. Around two he woke up screaming. Apparently, John has PTSD from his time overseas and his recent poor treatment hasn’t helped it any.”
“Can you bring them to St Bart’s? Now? I’d like to get this done sooner than later just in case.” John requests.
About a week after the jumper arrived from Ireland, John had yet another nightmare of Sherlock jumping off the roof of Bart’s. After waking, he recalled Sherlock’s words, ‘it’s only a trick’. He spent the rest of the night sitting on the stairs in his dressing gown staring at the table of gifts deep in thought until long after the sun came up.
John pauses with just the head of his cock inside Sherlock, “Feels so good, so tight, so hot.”
Combined punishment:
“I had already re-written my memories of Euros by this time but I have been unable, or subconsciously disinclined, to make close friends with anyone else until you. Mummy and Father never mentioned Euros where I could hear them, and no photos survived from before she set the house on fire.”
John, from the doorway of the kitchen, weakly groans, “Don’t remind me.”
John is sitting on the couch, Sherlock had been pacing behind it since they came back from church services; refraining from complaining about his wasted time at John’s request, and anticipating Rosie’s nap. John opens the envelope and feels Sherlock’s warmth behind him, reading over his shoulder. John pulls out a rather large check and a few folded sheets of paper.
Mycroft glances around, “Dr. Watson, DI Lestrade” formal greetings, before adding, “Where is my brother?”
“Of course it is. Now get down here and help me carry it up.”
Sherlock starts to help put the bed back together without prompting. “I do enjoy cooking with you and you know how much I like curry.” Shaking out the top sheet. “I’ll scrub the bathroom; you’ve done too much today already.” Spreading out a blanket.
“Yeah, he said he could show us how to upkeep the generator and where the water comes from just in case.” John reads the last from his computer. Mycroft sighs loudly again over the phone.
Sherlock takes my hand and leads me out of her room closing the door, through the entry way, closing that door, then down the hall to our room. As he closes the door to our bedroom he twirls around and presses me against it while taking possession of my mouth and any remaining senses. I’ve lost track of time when he pulls back and whispers in my ear “I need you to fuck me John” leading me the last few steps to the bed.
“You know John has moved back into Baker Street with his daughter Rosie correct?” Sherlock begins nervously. John places his right hand over Sherlock’s left knee, giving a gentle squeeze.
I giggle while kissing my way down Sherlock’s sensuous neck…
9.	Redwood Valley Fire (Mendocino Co)
“Fucking hell that was awful, haven’t had a nightmare like that in ages.” John growls out finally breaking the silence.
“I’ll go with you John…” he starts
“Alright, so keep an eye on the till then.” John concludes while picking up his hat with a jingle bell sewn on the tip then opening the door to follow his scantily clad husband out to Santa’s Winter Wonderland.
When head on up to the men’s department where I have to remind Sherlock that skinny jeans are not practical with boots or wellies unless he wants them tucked in all the time. I grab him six pairs of straight leg jeans and a selection of warm shirts. I also pick out a few jumpers for the both of us.
“Mycroft has agents at this moment gathering your things from your house and moving them to Baker Street”
We have the driver take us back to the Fairmont by way of China Town. It’s the long way back but it was enjoyable to see, the driver pointing out a few sites of interest. “We could spend a month touring this city and still not see everything” Sherlock voices as we drive by yet another museum.
Sherlock strides away to the nearest tree in search of sticks for arms as John lifts Rosie up to place the coal, buttons. Sherlock is on his way back when John helps Rosie with the carrot nose.
Sherlock absently waves a hand in John’s direction, “Yeah, yeah and bunch of auction houses. Quiet now, let me think,” before starting to pace in the lounge, fore fingers tapping his lips with each step.
The feeling in the room changed. There was a shift in our relationship. Sherlock’s actions had just become my responsibility and I was incredibly nervous about the change. I wasn't the only one. I tilt my head to the side and Sherlock takes a quick step back. I come to attention and bring out my inner Captain “Sherlock.” Sherlock’s pupils blow, interesting.
“I am not gay! I like both sexes. Though I am a bit more particular in the men I’m attracted to.”
Be there in 5
Greg had texted shortly after they put Rosie down for her afternoon nap around three. There was what looked like a locked room murder-suicide that appeared suspicious even to Anderson. Sherlock was in such a good mood he had even praised the mostly incompetent tech on the improvement of his observational skills much to the surprise of everyone within hearing distance, John included.
“You don’t have to apologize for taking care of Rosie, Sherlock. Since you are feeding her, what would you like?” I respond as I prepare us each a cup of tea.
“Oh, alright. Where do you want me?” Dancing an eyebrow provocatively.
“I’ve never noticed you dating any men…”
That seemed to satisfy Kevin. Sherlock relaxes under my hand.
“Boring. So where is this house with the dog?” he’s still reclined, head turned to look intently at me.
“Right. Of course John. I could use a wash myself…” We go downstairs to the bathroom to shower and get ready for the day.
“Is John always that violent? If not, what do you think might have triggered such an aggressive response?” Sitting at the kitchen table, sipping a cup of honeyed tea, Greg wonders after he hears the water for the shower start to run.
Nodding, “I remember.” Thinks for a moment, “Teach me how to cook. All I really know how to do is scramble eggs and make toast.” Sherlock admits.
“Poor bloke, arrested, whipped, auctioned off and now homeless.” Lestrade slowly shakes his head.
He slowly wakes up handcuffed to the arms of a metal chair in the middle of a metal cage. “You really are amateurs, aren’t you?” he growls at his captors.
I am pissed “Oi! What the bloody hell Kevin?” I stalk over to Sherlock unceremoniously shoving Rosie at him.
As Sherlock parks Kevin asks “How long does she normally sleep?”
“Alright, I just want to be sure. We’ll all be Watson-Holmes’ then. By the way, have you called your parents yet and let them know?” I run my fingers through his hair and cup his cheek, so bloody gorgeous.
“Brilliant!”
“Like I said, in the spring I gutted this place, room by room, to update the wiring and add insulation. I also did mini renovations to the kitchen and bath. I love the old stove but wanted a dishwasher, I rearranged a couple cabinets and found room for one. Hardly use it, but it does make a great dish rack.” He drops my bag, reaches over to the top drawer next to him and pulls out a folded knife and hands it too me. “I left a few ‘goodies’ in the top left drawers you wouldn’t be able to get on a plane. You’ll need that to open your boxes, let me know if you need anything else.” He brushes past Sherlock who moved out of the way just in time.
“Um…no.” Sheepish.
The aunt agreed to go live with her daughter’s family nearby while they arranged for home care with someone reliable. They are also fostering the granddaughter/niece. Our client is happy she gets to visit with her aunt once again.
Sherlock nods against my chest “Yes John, we’re good” he sighs and settles closer.
“Sherlock, what’s wrong”
“California Jade, there are two types on the ranch. This one is my personal favourite. Looks like I found a large chunk this time too.” Kevin keeps digging with his hands around the rock, moving other stones out of his way. “It’s not worth much, but it is pretty to look at. I have a few chunks back at the house.” He moves another stone and knocks the rock with his heel, it moves. “Finally, some of these put up a fight.” Picking up the rock. To me it’s just a greenish rock, he must see the look on my face. “Let me get this cleaned off and wet, you’ll see.” He walks over to where Sherlock is looking at whatever is swimming in the water. “Heads up!” Kevin calls just before tossing the rock next to Sherlock.
We spent an extra day in Sussex after catching Victoria Parker’s former lover and business partner Dominic Price nicking ducks. Molly and Mrs. Hudson were minding Rosie and agreed it would be alright if we delayed our return by a day, we hadn’t figured on finishing up so fast so they were prepared and looking forward to a ‘girls night’.
“It was fairly easy, even for us, to put together with that much evidence.” Siger smiles.
A wigged man.
Greg leans back in his chair, “They both have broken noses, a possible broken jaw on the younger brother.” Lestrade runs a hand over his face, “they could barely walk in on their own, the older brother swears you broke his arm!”
Sherlock pulls the iced coffees from Kevin’s cooler. Sherlock is chuckling while we walk back to our car. “What?” I ask.
“What’s this? Christmas isn’t for a couple of days yet.” John asks his husband who just handed him a package wrapped in plain brown paper.
Doctor Barnes pipes up irritated, “Well now that we’ve got that settled, I would like the light on so I can check my patient.”
He nods once then tells himself, “Alright then, into battle” as he starts to dress.
John opens an eye and takes a closer look at Sherlock then frowns. “Sherlock… take care of yourself. I need you around too ya’know.”
Kevin walks over and lets the brown dog loose. It bounds over and gives us a quick sniff then goes to snort around our SUV. “That’s Odin, he’s a German Wirehair Pointer. He’s a fantastic hunting dog and if you need a protector you won’t find any better. The guy still in the kennel is Jagger, he’s a Siberian Husky. The thing you need to remember most with him is that Siberians are bred to run and he likes to. Odin can be left off lead, he will come back when called. Jagger can’t be trusted loose off lead, EVER.”
“Gotta keep a close eye on this one, he’s a feisty boyo.” The guard nasally explains giving his prisoner a rough shake with the collar.
Cupping John’s face, gazing intently into his eyes, “Never. I love you.” Kissing again.
I take a glance at our client who seems to be staring at me, bouncing Rosie on my knee, with a look of pure rapture. Usually I see people give that look toward Sherlock, at least until he opens his mouth and deduces them. I politely smile back, noting that if she inhales any deeper her blouse buttons will surely burst. From the corner of my eye I can see Sherlock is scowling fiercely at her. Clearing my throat, “So, we have a client?” I ask Sherlock, bringing him back to the moment.
Sherlock looks at me bemused “John, you haven’t had a nightmare since we started sharing a bed at Baker Street. I’m not going to abandon you at a time like this!”
“Ah, John, you’re back. Excellent timing. We have a client, meet Miss Diana Ouellette.” Sherlock seems pleased, must be an interesting case.
“What was that John? I didn’t quite catch what you said.” Sherlock frowns at John as Molly blushes again, she was close enough to hear his comment.
Sherlock looks at me, “It’s been a few years, but yes.” Must have been during his hiatus, I wonder how many of Moriarty’s people he took out that way. Sherlock was looking at me when that thought flashed “Not many John, Mycroft’s minions did most of the killing.” I nod in understanding. Kevin is confused. Neither of us enlighten him.
Sherlock and I reply at the same time “Yes, I forgot all about them!” We grin at each other.
“Mmm, good. Rosie?” murmured, eyes still shut.
“It’s a good thing I love you Sherlock.”
Across the table, Sherlock sees and takes the offending meat out of John’s hands and quickly shoves it, whole, into his mouth before Mrs. H can turn around again. John mouths Sherlock a silent ‘thank you’. Greg, about to admonish Sherlock, is kicked under the table by John who sips, looking completely innocent, at his tea.
Mrs. Hudson places a pot of tea on the table then watches them eat for a couple minutes before she makes her leave, letting both men know if they need anything, she’ll be just downstairs.
“Good. If you follow the black pipe up the hill about ten yards, that’s where the filter is buried under the gravel in the flow of the spring. The blue tank is to collect any silt so as not to clog the main tank. Do you see it?”
The smug git. Instead of sucking on me again, he removes the rest of my clothing from the bottom up. I’m not opposed to begging at this point “Sherlock, please...” Sherlock removes the rest of his clothing, slowly as I become more unglued from the sight of him. He then takes my hand and leads me into the bathroom to the shower.
John is getting a bit pissed himself now and growls “Why is this the first we’ve heard of this then?” Sherlock is still pacing, agitated. Rosie is quietly watching them instead of the telly.
“I trust you John.”
Doctor Adams takes a step back from him. Finally she acknowledges my existence and asks me “Is he?”
There is another knock at the door. This time Doctor Jacobs enters with a folder. “Ah, John, you’re awake. Last time I came by you were both sleeping, didn’t want to wake you.” He steps closer to the bed and addresses Dr. Murray, “I’m Doctor Mark Jacobs, Mycroft Holmes called me in as a consultant for Doctor Watson here.”
Blushing while trying not to smile at the compliment, “Thank you John.”
Sherlock is crying too I finally notice. “John, my flatmate, my friend. I love you too. I think I felt it from the start but only realized it once it was too late myself. I missed you so much while I was gone. I guess I feared that someone as good as you would never want someone like me. But now I think we have a second chance. I want the life we used to have with you by my side, forever and always.” Sherlock is leaning forward in his chair.
With a glint in his eye lawyer Daggett takes out a voice recorder and asks John to add as many details of the time as he can. John began, “On 21, February Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade of New Scotland Yard asked Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Detective, to assist at a crime scene. I work along with Mr. Holmes as a medical consultant. After investigating at the scene of Mr. Lazlo Marsh’s murder and then seeing the photos of a previous, similar murder Sherlock, Mr. Holmes, deduced the person whom he suspected for the murders would attend a performance at a local theater. Sherlock left me to watch from an alley across the road from the front of the theater while he proceeded to watch the rear.
“NO! A forced bond from a foreign Alpha could abort the foetus.” John is angry himself now.
I should have known, the deed to 221 Baker Street is in the pile of papers as well. For a wedding gift, Mycroft announced he will be paying to have 221C renovated while Sherlock and I are on our trip. The old kitchen will be the lab complete with stainless everything. The lounge area fixed up so Rosie and I can visit. Radiant floor heating throughout and waterproofing/sealing and soundproofing all over. The larger bedroom will be an office and storage. The smaller bedroom overflow storage and an updated laundry.
“Yes” John affirms, removes his fingers, adds more slick and while quickly dropping his pyjama bottoms then removing his lab coat with his right hand slicks up his cock with his left. He sighs with relief at finally getting some much needed friction. John then removes his gloves, slicked left glove inside the right one and tosses the wad into the bin in the corner.
“John stop. Go to the bedroom, strip and lay on your stomach.”
NSY left the previous crime scenes blocked, so no one was allowed in to clean up anything after photos and samples were taken. After investigating the third crime scene Sherlock insisted he and John be allowed to go to the previous locations.
Mycroft walks in without knocking “Doctor Watson, tut, tut, injured again I see.” He sits in Sherlock’s chair.
John rushes forward as the man falls to the ground, he pries the knife out the now limp hand, handing it up to Mrs. Hudson. Checking for a pulse he then pulls the tie of the dressing gown from the mess around his arm to secure the assailants hands tightly behind his back.
His hearing blocked as well, he can feel something in each ear. He can only hear the sound of his own heartbeat.
John walked away... more like marched away, extremely angry, fists clenched. I can tell he wants to punch someone or something. I’m glad it wasn’t me who made him that furious for a change. John has an impressive uppercut.
“You’re buying Rosie a violin for Christmas? She’s only five Sherlock, isn’t she too young?” John wonders as they enter the music store.
Greg gives Sherlock a strange look that he ignores as John emits a wet cough then grunts on the bed, turning his head toward his visitors, eyes still glassy, squinting and blinking slowly in the low light.
The eyes of the blond winged man are the deepest blue Sherlock has ever seen. He is mesmerized by their colour for a moment until the winged man groans in pain.
“Didn’t I read somewhere you died? Jumped off a building or something?” Kevin asks Sherlock innocently over our breakfast of scrambled eggs, toast and bacon.
I run my hand up to turn his head, I need to kiss that lovely mouth. We snog until we are both breathless. “We’ve saved each other. Can we sleep now love?”
“Ta Greg” I take a small sip and put it on the table next to me, precinct coffee is always horrid. Sherlock just nod and ignores his cup.
WestYellowGroom = DW
“I’ve been assured a rank hike up to Coronel before I fully retire, bigger pension. Between that and the rent I receive I’m well off.” He walks over to wake up his computer. “I need to check to make sure everything I requisitioned is ready.”
I’m not quite following along, they must have had a conversation without me.
“Is that a threat Doctor Watson?” Sherlock teases.
A week later we spent a night in San Francisco. It felt odd being in a city full of people and all their noise after the quiet of the backwoods for over a month. Sherlock seems okay with the hustle and bustle, though he seems to be on extra high alert for any potential threats. I keep jumping at the odd noise, I guess my PTSD has resurfaced again. Joy.
“What are we doing Daddy?” The young blond girl bundled up against the cold weather asks.
Sherlock frowns at Lestrade “Ok, so why are we here?”
Kevin hands me the ear protection we picked up for Rosie. “She’ll probably handle it better if you put it on rather than a stranger.” He opens the soft side case and removes three sets of adult sized ear proctors that fold up. Handing one each to Sherlock and I.
The British Empire was running out of cheap labour. The work houses were slowly closing down as those poor who could, emigrated to America or the Continent in search of a better life or just died off from rampant diseases.
Sherlock frowns, “Sentiment?”
I will love you forever.
Looking away, “I deserved it.” Almost a whisper, self-depreciating
“Before you ask, I wouldn’t change much of anything.” I look into Sherlock’s eyes “My biggest regrets would be my reaction to your return and in Smith’s favourite room.”
Lightly oil chicken and spread on rub of choice inside and out.
“Thank you John.” He reaches over to the nightstand and hands me an ice pack, one of our larger ones. “For your shoulder.”
Reluctantly Sherlock lets go of John’s hand to rummage in the bag. He brings out a washbag, pajamas a housecoat and slippers. He digs in once more to bring out a tin, placing it on the bedside table. He turns back to John to bend down and whispers in his ear, “I’ll be back shortly, and don’t go where I can’t follow” then kisses him on the cheek.
“I hate to admit it, but I prefer the memories Mycroft helps me to remember. The property has a creek running into a pond, we used to have picnics by the pond. I remember playing pirates with my friend Redbeard, Victor Trevor. He disappeared when I was five, Euros did something with him and wouldn’t tell where he was; just sang a riddle. Those were his bones you found in the well.” Sherlock goes quiet, just breathing in John’s scent. John slowly rubbing his shoulder.
“Can’t we just leave when Rosie is finished?” Sherlock demands low.
Donovan walked in just as I spoke “Who’s getting married in two days?”
Yet again John is hiding under his twin sized bed in his darkened bedroom. His father came home drunk again and started yelling at his mother. John and Harry learned at a young age to hide from their father when he yelled, especially if he smelled of alcohol. It was only a matter of time before his fists often followed his shouted drunken words.
I can’t help but laugh. I look at Sherlock with a raised eyebrow, he nods. I then turn to Angelo to ask “Angelo, would you agree to allow us to hold our reception here? It’s going to be a small ceremony, the people here and maybe a handful of others. You are invited of course either way.”
1-2 sprigs fresh thyme
“Speaking of whom, your brother Mycroft announced he will arrive Sunday in time for Easter services and stay through supper.” Siger announces.
“Thanks Sherlock. Let me see how it goes and I’ll let you know ok?” I pick up a pen and clipboard and sit, crossing my knees, on the couch and start to write. My shoulder aches but it’s bearable, my writing is more doctor like than normal. Sherlock takes over Greg’s desk, he glances at me after a couple of lines then puts pen to paper again.
“I’ll send him a note with his invite. What time should we set the ceremony? I never gave it a thought John.” As Sherlock opens the door to our flat.
I’m exhausted from the ups and downs of the night. I turn and see Sherlock waiting just inside the door for me. He locks the door after me, Mrs. Hudson has retired for the night already. Sherlock leans down and cups my cheek as he gives me a gentle kiss. “I believe we need to go to bed Doctor” He purrs in my ear.
Kevin chuckles “I keep finding cabins and shacks, not sure of the exact number, didn’t count. Some are hiding quite well. There are a few that still need to come down, if you want I can show you them before I leave. You can do what you want with them, I went through the places I’ve found so far and removed what goods I wanted to save.”
Sean lets us know “If you need anything let me and Kate know. We’ve helped with the dogs before.”
“John” I hear Sherlock moan from the bathroom.
“Thank you, John.” Molly replies as Sherlock demands, “What will you let me know John?”
“No problem,” Mike nods as he gives Sherlock a strange look before going back to his work cleaning John’s injuries.
“Mostly from that time I remember pain” I rub my left shoulder as it spasms “I came to in hospital with Kevin’s ugly mug grinning down at me.”
I start to protest, “Sherlock…”
“Sorry did we wake you?” Greg
“Brilliant as always love.”
“No I’m not gay, but I am bisexual. It’s all fine. So, your room or mine?” I smile as I put the crop back in the box.
Dr. John H. Watson
“Hey Molly, I got your text. What’s up?” John announces walking through the door to the morgue at St. Bart’s Hospital.
Leaning his forehead against John’s, “Now I don’t want to leave” Sherlock purrs.
Sherlock and I look at one another’s hands and say in unison “We’ll wear them out thank you.”
“You’ll have to find a way John.”
Sherlock glances at him then back to the pictures on the screen. I’m still leaning over his shoulder looking as well. “Kevin you remember, Sherlock is a Consulting Detective and I assist however I’m able.” I throw at him.
I wave my free hand up and down stream “And you just decided to pick the one place Sherlock happened to be? There is a LOT of water here to use, you could have chosen anywhere else, but NO. You pick on my husband. This is going to stop and stop NOW!” I growl, commanding.
The atmosphere seems to still as does Sherlock, holding his breath with a wide eyed guilt-ridden stare at me. Shit, I haven’t even had a sip of my tea yet! I reach my hand to cup it over Sherlock’s to reassure him we’re still alright. I clear my throat “Sherlock faked his death to protect me, our landlady Mrs. Hudson and a DI from NSY from a criminal mastermind. He spent over two years tracking down his crime network, dismantling it, piece by piece, before it was safe enough to come back. He sacrificed himself for our safety.”
He chuckles “I prefer Watson-Holmes myself, rolls off the tongue better” handing me my phone back.
