Whatever, fine. Here's your "closure".
“Cas,” Dean says; slightly louder, but still at a whisper. “Will you be my boyfriend?”
Dean believed Uncle Bobby’s stories. He never told this to his surrogate uncle, though.
Gabriel snorted. “Priorities, priorities. Well, in that case, let’s go get you something to eat. Yeah?”
Castiel plopped down on the edge of his friend’s mattress. He opened the laptop. “I wanted to see if Ms. Harvelle has graded my history exam yet.”
CLAIRE
“So, what’s up?” Dean asked. He wasn’t frowning anymore, which was good. However, that didn’t necessarily mean it was going to stay that way.
“Again, fuck right off.
after years of hearing about Gabriel’s
As the group neared the castle’s property, Dean suggested that he hang behind. For the sake of the ruse, he argued. He would simply barrel in later; the blazing cannonball, aimed right at the last leg of Chuck’s plans.
, although Castiel would absolutely not admit to that. Hell, he hadn’t even admitted it to himself. He’d never been especially taken by the whole “true mate” philosophy, and he wasn’t quite ready to reevaluate his entire social
Dean yawned as he threw the bar’s front door open.
He was biting his lip again.
Dean shrugged to himself and made his way over to the bar, taking a seat. He surveyed his surroundings. To his left sat a woman who looked barely over twenty-one. Dirty blond hair framed her round face. Dean was able to make out dark brown eyes, and a smattering of freckles.
Taking careful steps, at last, Castiel reached the bed. He sat down in a similar position to the alpha, keeping a meter of distance between them. “Let me reiterate; I’m more than comfortable spending your rut in the… traditional way. So, if you are also comfortable with that, then you have my full consent.”
“Exactly. Now, here’s the plan. We’re gonna leave here and exchange numbers. Then I’m gonna kiss you because I’ve wanted to the entire time we’ve been here. Sound good?”
Dean prepared for the car to pass. Whoever was driving had a different idea in mind. To Dean’s surprise and suspicion the car came to a stall beside him and Castiel. Dean recognized the car as a 2002 Volvo S80.
Castiel nodded again. “I am willing to accept that. Are you going to bed soon?”
Dean appeared immediately flustered. “I’m just saying,” he continued. “Maybe we could just toss together something legal. We don’t even have to call it… you know.”
going to be claimed by a so-called ‘heroic’ alpha, set out to pseudo rescue him, as if Castiel were simply the trophy to a royal scavenger hunt. In fact, he’d much
Good to see you, too, Sammy.
Summer turned her gaze slightly upward. “And why did they leave
Okay, but what would have happened, then? You try to stop him, talk him out of it?
Dean intends for a simple ‘no’ to exit his mouth. He intends to walk away unscathed.
Again.
Dean continues to flip through BLANK pages, until-- he FREEZES on the inside cover.
exploits in unsettling detail… well, the omega had been tempted.
A long beat--
His memories were soon proven accurate. The Infernal King appeared to be just nudging forty— right around Gabriel’s age, if Castiel were to hazard a guess. He was a touch scruffier and more disheveled than Castiel remembered, his short hair startlingly reminiscent of wet sand in both shade and disarray. Interestingly, Dean’s sclera was pure black, practically swallowing each of his dark green irises.
what her business was at the estate, Castiel couldn’t find it within himself to blame her.
Dean nodded as he made his way around to Baby’s trunk. He opened it and reached for his iron rod, as well as the pair of salt canisters that they
"I was thinkin'," Dean starts carefully. "That we could hang out at my place? I mean, dude, I get if that makes you uncomfortable-"
So, left with no other options nor any sense of direction, Castiel began to walk.
Amber DUMPS the books before Macie. A COPY FALLS to the floor-- THUNK. Macie looks closer--
Strangely enough, Cas wanted to contend. While Charlie hadn’t been the one experiencing the bizarro symptoms that past week,
BLACKOUT.
“What the hell?! Kaia!”
“Yeah, well…” Dean paused. “There’s a difference between a weak bond, and no bond at all. And your ‘suitors’ are probably gonna be able to figure out if there’s no bond
“Hey, Ca-” Sam freezes as his and Cas’s eyes meet. Sam stares for a moment, mouth slightly agape. “Um,” Sam continues. “Sorry. Nice to meet you, Cas.”
"Hey there," the girl says. Dean peers over at the girl more directly. He gestures toward himself.
Sure, initially, it had seemed to be a perfectly responsible plan of action; this decision was further endorsed by Dean, whose not-so-inner caretaker was already well in action. Still, Cas was soon struck by a pretty vital realization: This would have been simpler if he were at all
comfort had been worth accounting for. Oh, no, certainly not.
CASTIEL
“You don’t love me.” The words slipped.
move out.” Dean smiled weakly.
“Dean,” Cas started. “It’s… truly beautiful.”
Mary sighed, taking another moment to speak. “I felt bad for him, honestly. He said that he just wanted something to do with you boys when we visited, aside from throwing a football around. Something to bond over. And his books were all he had. His stories. It started… it started the first time we visited. You were two, so I doubt you remember, but Bobby decided to tell you a ‘story’. This was just weeks after him and John met at that ridiculous car show. It’s also when I learned that Bobby had been a hunter in his youth. I wanted to pull you away and never come back, but I also wanted to see John with a friend. And Bobby said… he said that he would guarantee with his heart and soul that you wouldn’t grow up to be hunters. That he would present the lore to you as total fiction.”
“C’mon, let’s see,” he said, standing up and making his way beside the older man. He placed his hands on the table and leaned down to get a clearer look.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, Bobby. I can do that.”
Cas side-eyed his friend, chewing his lip before replying slowly, seemingly to no one in particular, “Hi, I’m Cas. Um. Nice to meet… you? Yeah, sorry, who am I speaking to?” He was a human, for heaven’s sake; he wasn’t used to this, as expected as it might have been. Witches were certainly avant-garde, Cas could give them that.
EMPTY!CAS
They make it to Dean’s class first. Cas plants a quick kiss on Dean’s lips.
Reveal the NOTE ON THE INSIDE COVER-- a shaky scrawl, almost juvenile. Addressed to Dean. He reads aloud--
Reaching his locker, Cas opens it expecting a note. He doesn’t know if he has the heart to read it, but all the same, he finds himself bending down to pick up a scrap of notebook paper at the base of his locker.
be the one to pull something like this. Holy fuckin’ hell.”
“No, it’s okay,” Castiel said. “I prefer it over Castiel, anyway. I’m guessing everyone else is that way?” Castiel pointed down the hallway, toward the sound of chatter.
No, that's not... whatever.
Castiel, eyes closed, could hear Dean lay down beside him. The room was quiet for just a moment.
Well, I'm... intact. I think.
“Thanks,” Dean said. “You got any family to greet inside?”
“Come in,” he called.
"Hell yeah it would! Now we're getting somewhere. Do you have a lock of Elizabeth's hair?" Dean asked.
Dean continued to grin. “Winchester. And I’m dual majoring in chemical engineering and molecular engineering. You?”
Castiel’s gaze flew upwards. Dean was staring at him from across the table, an amused grin on his face.
So, I'm just gonna... go. Got some last-minute preparations to handle.
Dean nodded. “And you’re exclusive to me. So, I guess that would make us exclusive. Okay. Off to a good start.”
Dean blushes, nudging Cas in the shoulder. Still, he doesn’t release Cas’s hand.
“I smell good enough to you that it actually
, let's just--
Cas was already flustered. “Only one. It was a brief relationship, to say the least. I… don’t know how to expand.”
“Hey, Bobby.” Dean tried to sound casual. Relaxed. In part because he didn’t want to worry his surrogate uncle, but also in part because he wanted to prove the other man wrong. He
AMBER (late 20s, thrift store chic) approaches FROM THE BACKEND. She cradles several PAPERBACK BOOKS, all similar covers: two Fabio protégés with sultry stares. The title
Dean pauses to reevaluate. Maybe he’s going on too strong. He is used to using terms of endearment on first dates, without it blowing up in his face. Was it different for guys dating guys? Was it different for Castiel?
(attention redirected)
Castiel would undoubtedly curse his instincts for the next several eons, but he found himself burrowing his face into the slope of the alpha’s neck. Dean’s grip on his biceps tightened. And after some understandable hesitation, his hands slipped around the omega’s back, pulling him into a stiff hug.
...a miraculous copy of CARVER EDLUND'S
“In here.” He heard the voice come from the kitchen. Dean’s heart was pounding as he made his way to where Bobby was seated at the kitchen table, reading an even thicker book than he had been earlier. He didn’t even look up as Dean stepped inside.
So, care to explain why you're sprinting like a maniac, down the hall? At the alleged witching hour?
Castiel shook his head. “Actually, I wouldn’t know, as I have never had a mother. But I still think that you should call her.”
Resources that we've kind of just been hogging for ourselves. Maybe it's finally time for us to change that... to open our doors, a bit. Hell, we could even work on digitizing the archives, and...
And you know what?
(then)
They stayed like that for a few minutes, watching the flames. Dean was in a trance by the time Castiel spoke.
Comfortable silence, Dean in his own head, but at peace. Just the pure sounds of nature. Until--
EXT. WOODED TRAIL - LATER
Fine. Just show him to me. Please.
To say the least, that exchange didn’t blow over how Dean had hoped it would.
“Hey, Dean, Cas,” Sam said with a chuckle and a small wave.
Castiel didn’t speak on their walk back to the Drive On Motel.
introduction, although I’m hoping you’ll be better acquainted
Cas! Don't know what the hell else you were expecting me to do after you pulled a stunt like
“I’m sorry, Dean.”
Dean halts, takes a moment, reassesses his non-surroundings.
A pathetic death for a pathetic prince, it would seem. It was strangely appropriate. Poetic, even.
If only his legs didn’t feel like too-moist dough after a day spent sunbathing. Wishful thinking aside, that seemed to be what he was working with.
He threw the trunk shut and headed toward the driver’s seat.
“Too late,” the third boy replies without a beat. “We’ve decided, and his name is Castiel Novak.”
He turned and made his way back to Baby. Pulling open the trunk, he reached for the iron rod, which had slipped to the back.
“I don’t believe I ever fell out of love with him.”
Hey, Dean?
At this point, Dean had his head in his hands. He decided he had nothing better to do than await the explosion. Or, more realistically, a decade of uncomfortable silence.
“Yeah. Nice talking to you too, Mom. Love you. Bye.”
“Hey, Cas?”
Castiel, however, urged otherwise.
Sam rolled his eyes, and Castiel could really see the sibling dynamic blossom. It reminded him of himself and Gabriel, in a way. Only, with a bit more… height.
“Hey,” his friend Charlie greets him from behind, grabbing onto his shoulder. “Are you okay? You look… slouchy.”
Cas nods. “Okay. Tha-”
The pacing was back. “I mean, yeah. Except I doubt the dirtbag meant it. I mean, what kind of douche name is ‘Dean Winchester,’ anyway? He knew. He definitely knew, and I’m not gonna let him off easy,” Jimmy said, finishing at a mutter.
“If you want, sure,” Dean responds, the same smile still plastered to his face. It alone is beginning to wreck Castiel.
“He has?” Sam says, sounding honestly surprised. “That’s good, I guess.”
And much like in the library-- a cloudy PORTAL forms, only now, it's LOUD. Less hissing, more HURRICANE WINDS.
For a moment, Dean simply stared ahead, seemingly using his gaze to bore straight through the bare almond walls. “An injury, from when I was a knight. Fucked up my scent gland. Most people can hardly scent me at all, but before now, it hasn’t really been an issue, y’know? Hell, when I was still fighting, it was useful, if anything. But, these past few weeks… yeah, it sure as hell has been bothering me. More than, um, I’d like to admit.”
Dean could feel his heart skip a beat. He opened his mouth to speak, then shut it. Then opened it again. “You’re kidding.” Could this all have made any less sense? Probably not, at least based on everything Dean knew about Castiel. What he
“That makes sense,” Castiel said. “It’s not uncommon for queer people to struggle with coming to terms with their identity. It’s unfortunate, but I suppose it’s just the state of things.”
Dean cocked an eyebrow. “What? What’s up?”
, to ensure that undesirables stay the hell out of my cozy domain.
Cas complied without a moment’s thought as to what Dean could be scheming.
us? How old-fashioned.”
How acceptable would it have been for a grown man to call “taksies backsies” on an entire conversation?
Slowly, they come to their senses. Together.
Dean crossed the room and made his way to the front door. Was he really going to do this? Apparently, yeah.
Next thing he knew, he was on the living room couch, heaving. Jimmy was positioned beside him, a firm hand on his brother’s upper back. Jimmy was talking. Castiel wasn’t processing.
“What right do
After a moment of more quiet, Dean speaks. “Hey, Cas,” he says. “I have a surprise for you.”
Castiel surprised no one more than himself with his very own, “Could it
“Cas? Cas! C’mon, are you listening? Cas, please, just listen. I’m trying to help.”
(finishing the note)
Mary and Ellen had appeared, like a saving grace, at the entrance to the living room. Castiel let out an audible sigh.
By the time they were alone, huddled up in Castiel’s private chambers, Sam lost the cool he’d narrowly upheld around Chuck— “Jesus, Dean! Do you even
That was until, of course, the excuses stopped. Each night, Castiel would wander silently into Dean’s room, typically after his roommate was in bed. He would lay down beside Dean, sometimes in the early morning following a night of studying. Thankfully, Dean didn’t stay up late studying particularly often, so Castiel wasn’t forced to wait for him before going to sleep. Not that Castiel
When Castiel sniffled, Dean’s hold grew firmer, seemingly more assured.
--into a dark, murky cloud... inside, it's EMPTY. Spewing tendrils of fog, distorting its surroundings. Hissing faintly.
“Oh, um,” Castiel appears absolutely flustered. Hasn’t the guy ever ordered from a restaurant before? “I’ll take a regular hamburger, no lettuce, please.”
. He’d already been reduced to a tool. A shiny, but disposable object of sacrifice. A not-so-prized family heirloom.
“So, Castiel. I’d love to hear more of your escape from the Infernal King— definitely sounds like a fun story for family mealtime, doesn’t it?”
CLAIRE
Also, concrit is
Ten minutes later, Dean had slipped out of his grungy mechanic’s attire, and into a pair of grey sweatpants and a faded t-shirt. He returned to the kitchen with a broad smile.
Castiel paused. “I’m not entirely sure,” he said. “Maybe if we talked for a bit… that might help. I’m sorry.”
Arriving at school, Cas slumps all the way to his locker.
being concealed in plain sight. Right? Still, there were no visible changes. There was no internal blue glow, his flesh as dim as ever.
Uh, Dean?
“What? They weren’t, ya idjit. Now get back to work.”
The artificially haughty voice of a guard came from across the hall. And, Chuck seemed eager to have his attention torn away from… whatever the dinner table was devolving into.
! You gotta know I was shocked to hear from Benny, like it was
And Castiel had been skimming a girthy book on
“I watched it kill people. Slowly, usually. I don’t… I don’t know why it didn’t want to kill you.”
At least he’d actually slept quite well, chaos considered. That was probably
was laughable— Castiel’s union had been thoroughly consummated during Dean’s rut. Of course, it wasn’t a lie to imply he’d never slept with Claire. But if his father wanted to believe that Castiel was still a pure and innocent thing, then the omega had no intention of lifting that veil.
Dean nodded. “Listen, that’s true. I don’t have any idea what I’m getting myself into. But I’m going to learn, Bobby. I’m gonna do what I can to help people. Save people.”
"I trust you're ready to begin the rewrite..."
“Yes,” Castiel said softly. “It’s good.”
EMPTY!CAS
Here, keep back. I'll be out in a sec.
Hunter prep school? I can kind of see it, at least, with our level of experience...
True and absolute nothingness. Dean lingers, checks his jacket's inside pocket-- his BLADE survived the ride.
Dean grimaced just a bit as he got his first glimpse of the deceased woman. He began to wonder how long she’d been dead. Decomposition hardly accentuated your positive features.
Don't really know what else there is to say, at this point. I'm proud as hell of you, Jack. And I swear, after this is all said and done, I'll never ask a damn thing of you again.
“Good morning, Dean.”
Castiel’s eye flick open. “Yes,” he responds plainly, unsure what else to say. Was this really Dean talking to him? Castiel knew himself as a good judge of character, and he wasn’t prepared to be wrong.
Castiel quickly averted his gaze, and Dean began to panic. Had he overstepped his boundaries?
Dean opened his mouth to speak, but Castiel beat him to it. "Yes, we are. May we come in?"
“This ain’t funny, boy,” Bobby said, and Dean would hear the fear in his voice.
Or the next five.
Castiel could hear the wobble in Dean’s breath. He didn’t step any closer. “No. No, that’s definitely not the problem.”
Dean hummed. “Not gonna talk? Well, I have methods to fix that.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean’s eyes widened, mouth falling open. He hadn’t figured it out? “Uh,” Dean said. “Just someone. That you don’t know.”
“Okay, c’mon, no more depressing shit. This is a date, let’s treat it like one.”
The omega had to admit, he was intrigued.
So, here it is,
That's why it's so different, all right?
“Dean, why did you invite me here?”
Sorry, kid-- guess I'm gonna be disrupting the primordial entities of the universe, one more damn time.
“How many demons?” Bobby’s voice was level.
Is that so?! Of course that bottom-shelf TNT is responsible! Of course, the nephil klepto would try to rob me,
Dean crosses his arms and looks off to the side, to Castiel’s disappoint. He knew that he was still far from finding even a fraction of what could be seen in those eyes. “Awesome. Just meet me by my car after school, okay?”
The omega prince began, “I’m
“And, now, we welcome the Omega Prince Castiel to give his mating vows.”
“Watch your back for me, boy.”
Shit.
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel was the first to speak.
The woman flicked a strand of chestnut hair over her shoulder before responding. "Yeah, of course. Sure. Come on in." She stepped out of the way, allowing room for the pair of hunters to enter.
With some caution-- he begins to walk, directionless. Quiet and uneasy.
As Dean got older, the stories became more interactive. Uncle Bobby would show him and Sam books from his expansive collection of lore, letting them read passages that tied into his stories.
CASTIEL
“I have a headache again.”
Wishing desperately that he knew of a way to ward hunters specifically, Castiel took to locking his doors. He was certain it wouldn’t make much of a difference, if any at all, but it was comforting. Part of him knew leaving his house in this dark, closed-off state could make him look suspicious to a hunter’s eye, but he was too muddled to think entirely logically.
Okay... okay. Good luck, Dean. And say "hi" to Cas for me, all right?
Summer looked over to Dean. “Really? I thought I was going to have to give you some sort of lecture.”
(stunned, slowly lowering his weapon)
"Dude, you're way too quiet. Recognize any constellations?"
The air in his room was beginning to feel especially dry, as were the inner surfaces of his mouth. He let out a tempered groan, grinding the heels of his palms into his eye sockets. If he really was coming down with a cold, and
“Well, okay. Then lets sit and stare at a wall on it. Is that what you did when I took that nap earlier?” Dean asked, cocking an eyebrow.
“Hey, I’ll be quiet,” Lucifer says, holding his hands in the air. “I’m just here to listen.”
So he headed around to the back of the car, pulling his keys from his pocket and unlocking the rear.
Castiel shrugged, turning back to the laptop. “I should probably check my grade now,” he said cooly.
. Listen; I get the nerves, okay? And, like, I don’t even expect them to go away when you guys meet. She’s great, but she’s still an acquired taste… if it’s not totally insensitive to say that about another person. But this is important, Cas. I care about you too much to be lax, right now. Got it?”
“What do you mean?” Castiel asked. He followed this up with a gentle grin, which he could only hope didn’t look as nervous as he felt.
Castiel nodded. “I suppose I’m being a bit pushy. But, yes, I would like to know. If you’re willing to tell me.”
Also, Bobby had lied to him. He’d have to confront him about that later.
The rest of the room was smiling.
Dean...?
Even then, had he fought back harder, had he made any real effort to defend himself… could he have avoided this outcome? In a small part, it was his own responsibility. Right? After all,
EMPTY!CAS
not hungry? Like, at all?”
Castiel cocked his head, frowning. “Why? I would just forget about him. He’s clearly a terrible person and isn’t worth your time.”
“Well,” Dean said. “I’ll have you know, I’ve been planning that for a long time. A long, long time.”
Castiel furrowed his brow. “How so?”
Yeah, sounds good. And, Jack? Beer's permitted.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - LIBRARY - ONE HOUR LATER
Dean nods carefully before continuing, "Well, I'm bisexual." Was that all he could manage to say? He catches Meg preparing to continue, so Dean speaks quickly, "I mean, I really like Cas. A lot. And I'm not going to hurt him. At least, I don't want to. Ever, okay?"
Castiel’s motel hadn’t been hard to find. It was about as sleazy as sleazy motels got, which didn’t seem to align with the stoic, severe image Dean had of the other hunter.
Dean purses his lips and nods slowly. “Okay, makes sense.”
“Probably less than an hour.”
Castiel shrugged.
Castiel offered a small smile. “Okay. If you’re sure that it won’t be a severe issue. I’ll see you tomorrow morning, Dean.”
He swallowed hard before answering his cell.
Summer's eyes widened immediately as she caught a glimpse of the middle of the street. “So they didn’t want to leave you unharmed,” she muttered. “You just got them before they could.” Summer took a few steps around Dean and Castiel, examining the bodies.
Dean pursed his lips and nodded. “Oh, hey,” he said after a beat of silence. “You still need to give me directions.”
Dean didn’t quite know why he was so faithful in what most people would perceive as fantasy. He didn’t know why he became so absorbed in the possibility that monsters roamed the Earth. No, not even the possibility. It was definite.
Staggering on loose legs, Cas fell backward, perching on the edge of his mattress.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - DEAN'S ROOM - CONTINUOUS
“Why not?” Castiel sounded genuinely confused.
Castiel made every attempt to stand up straight, to appear confident. He wasn’t sure how well he succeeded, and he didn’t want to know. “It’s… I only heard this from a friend. It’s something called a hunter. They–”
Cas’s slight smile fell. “But you said that you believed me.”
Standing firm, Dean waits-- resolve before fear. He dons the JACKET MARKED BY CAS'S HANDPRINT, stain untouched.
“That’s the problem.”
Dean shot him a hard look. The omega shrugged.
“You feeling any better?” Dean asked as they slid into the Impala.
Shifting slightly in his seat, Castiel huffed. “Jimmy,” he said. “I’m fairly sure that if Tara was willing to cheat on you, she’s no longer interested in a relationship. This doesn’t exactly seem like an open-ended situation.”
Just a little help from the big kid upstairs.
At the time, Dean still wasn’t sure of what he felt about his neighbor. Sure, the guy was grumpy, and a bit of an ass, but maybe he really was busy. Like, insanely busy. Or maybe he was a drug dealer. Dean didn’t judge.
We could have found a way to stop him. There had to have been... something. Somehow.
just a kid. I… found a way to save him, even when it was starting to look pretty damn hopeless.”
“Can I borrow your laptop?”
To that, Dean could only wink, a faint sparkle returning to his eyes and a smokey sweetness twining into his scent. “And
That’s how it all begun.
Dean shook his head. “Not for me. Guess I’m new to the whole thing, technically. Doesn’t feel like it, though.”
Now, it was
“You have a
Dean moaned softly as his eyes opened halfway. “What’s up, Cas?”
No time to snark back-- the Shadow's eyes GLOW--
The rest of the drive was fairly quiet, aside from Summer’s directions. Dean used the time to mull over some thoughts. He was holding onto Castiel, right? Was that the best decision?
“Well, I called Bobby earlier. He pretty much wants me to dump the guy,” Dean said.
Y'all get to cleaning that up, and I'm just gonna step outside and reevaluate
About what's actually next. For me. And what's next for, you know, us. If you want.
Before Dean even had an opportunity to respond, Castiel amended, “On the floor. I can bring in a blanket and pillow. I should be fine.” He smiled weakly, but ran a hand through his already tousled hair. Dean could pick up on Castiel’s nervousness with the lowest level of effort.
After a moment’s contemplation, Cas determines that if Dean is going to be bold, then he needs to be bolder. Without much thought, he finds himself leaning in to give Dean a peck on the cheek, causing the other man to jolt before relaxing entirely.
It takes Castiel a moment of consideration to respond. “Yes. Okay.”
“Okay.”
I want to help, however I can. If I can.
Dean did as he was ordered.
The woman was surprisingly petite, yet carried herself as if she could crush Cas beneath her pinkie finger, alone. Red hair styled in fat curls poured over the shoulders of her simple black gown. Her eyes seemed to be faintly glowing, and Cas wasn’t certain he was comfortable with that fact, all things considered.
“Most important question,” Jo interrupted. “Why’d you keep the relationship a secret?”
(flat)
“Yeah,” Castiel said, nodding. “She was definitely… enthusiastic. I have high expectations for you as a result, by the way.”
So... your grace.
Yeah, sure, sounds 'bout right. Well, whatever asshat dumped these on us is gonna wanna escape
“Great. ‘Night, Cas.”
Oh, will you just shut the hell up, already?!
As stupid as entering the Empty while mortal?
“It says that I can trust you. I think. Again, I might be wrong, and I know I’m not gonna let my guard down. But we can stick together, okay? For now, at least,” Dean said,
“So, babe, where’d you grow up?”
Cas nods. “I assumed.”
Right. Let's get home, then.
Was ‘auto X-raying bioluminescent abdomen’ a symptom of anything serious?
Cas nudges Dean, mouths "don't move," gestures to the blade.
Dean nods casually, although his eyes are glowing. "Awesome. I'll just need your address. So I can pick you up."
And for a bit, there was silence. Time to absorb the off-the-cuff story.
Before they’d left the property, Castiel pulled Dean aside, asking that the rest of the party continue toward the stables. After a smidge of justified reluctance,
Castiel was silent, eyes wide.
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean responds, forcing a modest smile.
Unlike Castiel’s last motel room, this one didn’t seem to suck the hope right out of you. It was clean, although not pristine. Dark green carpeting and two beds, topped with white sheets. The walls were striped, alternating between dark and light green.
Seeing as Dean was actually quite busy backstage, Castiel spent more than enough of his time in official settings. If the Infernal King was meeting with an advisor or a visitor, then you could bet your ass that the omega would be sat across the room, probably wrapped in a quilt, reading a book he’d nabbed from his mate’s upstairs library.
“Okay, don’t need you to list off every horrible thing that could happen to me. Fine, I’ll call her. But it’s not gonna blow over in your favour, man. I’m sorry, but it isn’t.”
Dean chuckled. “Guess I’ll just play some pool, walk around.”
Castiel rolls over, streaks of sunlight highlighting his pale skin. He stretches, lets out a deep yawn, and pushes himself up against the headboard. Cas passes a glance around the room; cream walls, cream desk, cream dresser. Aside from the hardwood floors and bed, the room is almost entirely entrenched in near white. Of course, if you exclude the array of clothing skrewn across the floor.
experience with fitting an overgrown grapefruit into his body. He continuously shuddered through it the first time around, Dean’s nose pressed into the curve of his neck, hands stroking up and down the omega’s arms. Castiel could feel the alpha’s purr against his skin.
Not yet, at least.
Dean nodded in response and proceeded to slide out of the car. Castiel followed suit.
Chuckling, the omega nodded. He stepped closer to the scene. “Oh, but of course. You’re too late. I already have a mate.”
(then, a prayer)
“I’ll take a bacon cheeseburger, extra bacon,” Dean order first.
development, since like a half-assed punchline he’d never once consented to star in… it began to snow.
(then)
“How did you…” Castiel mutters, shocked by Dean’s choice in artist - before he remembers. They had had a brief conversation regarding music tastes about three or so days ago. Cas had slipped in the he was a major Elvis fan. Clearly, Dean had remembered.
idea, but—”
Dean lays in bed, dazed but awake, the floor still LITTERED WITH GLASS.
There is a moment of silence as the pair rest in that position, foreheads aligned.
Both men were beaming as Cas pulled Dean in for a long kiss.
CASTIEL
They reached what he assumed was the den, and Dean peered inside. Two people occupied the space. The first was a bald, dark-skinned man. His features looked uncommonly sullen, so Dean decided it was fair to assume that the man was Alfred. Against a separate wall, a teenage girl was slouched in a chair. She shared Alfred's deep skin tone, as well as his nose - just not his hair. Bright pink dreadlocks reached to what must have been at least her mid-back. It was also noteworthy that the girl's expression was significantly calmer. Blissful, even.
“I already know,” Cas says quietly, although the malicious overtones are obvious. “You were dared. I was - I am, possibly - a joke to you.”
Given the pair’s obvious discomfort and the lack of mating hormones brought about by intimacy, the bite stung. All right, actually, it was more than just a sharp pinch; it
Eileen stood tall, nudging her mate in amusement. “Definitely. So, Chucky. Since we’re all about playing fair… well, we hope you enjoyed your awful wine. The after-effects should last a good few days longer than they did for Cas, though.”
“Um,” Castiel’s eyes begin to dart across the menu. “Yes, I believe so.”
But what if it's not actually--
The redheaded demon swung her door open, and Dean took a step back. The rest of the doors flew open a moment later.
Dean hardened his features, despite the fact that his heart was about to leap out of chest. “In my defense, it attacked me first.”
And I don't doubt it.
glad you’re not able to. So… there.” Given the scent-inhibiting tonic Chuck had recently started forcing down Castiel’s gullet, even without a new dose, he’d be all but scentless for at least another couple of weeks. Three, if he was lucky.
Soon enough, they were routinely bantering with one another. See: Dean teasing Castiel about his sometimes obsessive-compulsive habits, despite ensuring that the omega’s dietary quirks were catered to. No questions asked— but maybe an eye-roll or two, as tax.
Dean shrugged as he made his way back the Impala. Castiel followed close behind. Like, really close. Did the guy know anything about personal space?
Dean was now nudging Cas with a socked foot, gently prodding at his roommate’s calf. Cas peered up from his lap. All the while, Dean continued to stare vacantly at his laptop screen, vision almost certainly falling out of focus.
“The hair is gone,” Castiel said. “Dean, I suggest that we take a look at Alfred’s residence immediately.”
“Good news or bad news?”
Scaling the first available staircase, he continued on with his quiet trek of the Infernal King’s estate.
“So you’re breaking up with me?” Dean basically chokes on those words.
“Interested in meeting Sam? Or do you want to cut right to the actual date? ‘Cause seriously, I want you to meet him more than all hell, but the kid can be a serious cockblock.”
“Cas,” Dean says softly, attempting to sound as calm as possible - despite the fact the he is far from calm. “I wanted to tell you… to tell you why I asked you out.”
Clark grabs another paperback, SWINGS it-- WHACK! The STACK OF HARDCOVER BOOKS COLLAPSES, smothering all of
“Cas,” Jimmy said. He gave the other boy another light clap on the back. “I really, honest to god believe that you can do this.”
Leaning against the wall just outside the locker room is a girl, a look of uncontainable boredom plastered across her round face. Deep auburn hair falls in waves past her shoulders. She glances off to her side as Dean exits, a half smile suddenly softening her features.
“Cas, you’re being ridiculous. You…” Dean trailed off, an idea hitting him. Probably not a great idea, but it was definitely an idea. “Look at me, Cas.”
Dean was still pacing, refusing to look at Castiel. Everything was just veering further and further from what Castiel had expected to happen. Still, after a moment of silence, he knew that it was his turn to speak. “Dean, although I don’t entirely agree with you, I also don’t understand why you’re speaking as if you have experience.”
with spiced apple pie.
“Listen,” Dean says slowly. “Just fuckin’ tell me what’s up with Cas.
Dean throws on another cocky grin and plays the movie. "No problem, man."
“You sure?” Dean asked. “We could add more. Y’know, to be thorough.”
“All right. Fine,” Castiel muttered, tightening his arms around his chest. “Just so you know, I’d prefer it if you didn’t torture or slaughter me, if that was your ultimate intention. But I doubt I’ll stand a chance otherwise, so…” He shrugged, feigning nonchalance. In any case, he’d weighed his options with his cold-scrambled brain, and Castiel couldn’t seem to come up with a more promising plan. So, shelter via demonic king it was.
Castiel chuckled. “Dean, did you really think you’d be burning a body, in a public location, in broad daylight?”
Should we call Sam? To come get us?
Aside from, y'know, guilting you into taking the night off and showing up to family dinner, every now and again.
The car sat in silence for a moment, along with Dean and Castiel.
that you ‘like’ me. Also, before you say anything else, the feelings are requited. Very much so.”
If Jack didn't feel that this was possible, he wouldn't have orchestrated it. Despite all my worry... I have to keep believing that much to be true. And I
of leather work boots echoing throughout the hallway.
Dean frowned. “Any reason? Not that I’m gonna push it, just making sure something isn’t wrong,” he said.
Dean cocks an eyebrow. "You okay?"
“No, no, not the second wife. Elizabeth. How'd she die?” Dean asked.
Sammy?
Castiel and Dean nodded, flawlessly synchronized. Okay, maybe it was just a
Castiel nodded.
Cas relaxes and moves on with his day. He doesn’t see Dean in the hallways or in calculus, so he feels safe in his assumption.
—the room seemed to collapse in on itself, oozing into black.
“What’d you mean?” Dean asked. “What’s the problem?”
Castiel closed the phone and slipped it back into the pocket of his oversized trenchcoat.
Castiel nods. “I’m glad,” he says, reaching for his own menu. “I’ve never experienced a death, so I find it hard to understand how one could cope. If any of my siblings were to pass… I would never recover.”
“Which,” Cas adds. “Is a permanent request.”
CLARK
Dean put on a half-smile. Okay, he liked Castiel. The guy was growing on him.
Still, little did the mare know: Hereafter was hardly more than a short romp away. After all, it wasn’t as if King Chuck had bothered complicating his scheme; no dumping his omega son any considerable distance away, giving him a chance to prematurely exit his potion-induced stupor. Now,
Castiel didn’t flinch, but fear remained obvious on his face.
“Boy, you weren’t destined for nothin’. But I’m not even gonna touch that with a ten foot pole for now. Be honest with me. What got rid of the enthusiasm for ya?” Bobby asked.
EILEEN
Although, that won’t be until after Dean asks Cas a very important question on their post-game date tonight.
Castiel nodded. “Yes, I am. And you are… ‘sort of’ a hunter?” he had on a half-smile now.
Half-eaten pot roast forgotten in an instant, the alpha demon sprung from his seat, his own hiss covered by the shriek of the chair. “No, don’t— don’t refuse them. They’re… good friends of mine. I sure as hell wasn’t expecting them,
Dean swallowed. “There’s sorta one more thing I gotta tell you.”
“I’m here about Prince Castiel Shurley of Hereafter.”
There was another beat of silence.
Sure enough, Dean was slipping into the opposite side of the booth a moment later. It was only then that Castiel got his first look at the other boy. He looked absolutely disheveled, yet somehow still… beautiful? Dean very obviously appeared to have sprinted to their current location, although that didn’t detract from the glow in his eyes. Which were green, by the way. There were also freckles involved.
“Cas? You there?”
Cas nodded and slipped the ring onto his finger. It fit; perfectly, in fact.
Dean looked back up, only to see Castiel staring at his latest blog post. He let out a heavy sigh. “Yeah, Cas?”
Feeling as if the first layer of haze had finally cleared from Castiel’s awareness, he gave a stiff nod. But he ignored the request. He had several questions of his own, after all. “Who are you?”
“Dean, we don’t need to do this again-”
Cas and Dean don’t often hold hands in the hallway. Today is an exception. Cas had failed an AP Physics exam, and Dean knows him well enough to get that physical affection almost always seems to cheer up his boyfriend. And anyway, he kind of wanted the opportunity to show off Cas. Not in an objective sort of way; Dean just wants people to know the he is dating the most wonderful man in all the land.
While Chevy seemed irked by the impromptu journey, she turned up her muzzle and complied. It was clear enough that she preferred sticking to her routine. And, Castiel really couldn’t hold it against her—
Shit. This was going to be harder than Castiel had realized.
“No,” she whispered. “You can’t… you weren’t supposed to be…”
“We can leave early, if you need time to, y’know, process things. If you need to calm down,” Dean said softly.
“So what if I did ‘like’ Cas? What the hell would happen then?”
Although… that would have been one way to really stick it to Chuck, wouldn’t it?
The Omega didn't get much of a chance to seriously ponder this, though he made a note to do so later. The next time he stirred it was to find the human studying the earthenware jars stopped with corks. He'd worked one free and was sniffing the contents curiously.
"What? Why didn't you call us?" Dean demanded. "Tell me you walked away when you found out what it was."
"Gonna cum for me, Omega?" he growled, increasing his pace. "Gonna cum on my cock while I knot you?"
"We're leaving. Get out of my way."
Every now and then he might stumble onto a symbol that looked close to one on his arm, though. His hopes would rise, and he would hunt down every scrap of that dialect as he could lay hands on, dissect its alphabet and written form. Each time that happened he inevitably ended up burned out and disappointed, trudging back to the drawing board. Not that it stopped him. Dean was nothing if not persistent. He’d even made linguistics his minor. Well, if he was going to have to go to college anyway, why not take full advantage? This way he had easier access to better materials, he even had an assortment of professors to grill. Not that anyone he’d asked had been able to help him, even those who’d been in the field for decades. One had even taken a picture of his soulmark to email to colleagues around the world, but one by one each had only delivered disappointing responses.
For a moment Dean just stood there, admiring it, unable to resist running a gentle finger down one edge of the cover. He was right, old Sinclair had had it. A Byzantine illuminated text, dated in the early 400’s, probably one of the earliest made since they weren’t produced on a larger scale until the 800’s. Compared to others he’d seen this one did look rougher, the paint and writing cruder, but still it was beautiful. More importantly, it might have information that could actually be of use.
gotta worry about, trust me.”
“’Who texts with perfect grammar and who uses shorthand and numbers for letters?’.”
“It’s my property, Winchester. I have a right to know what’s being done on it.”
Dean cleared his throat, asking, “Next?”
Still, Dean’s mouth was twitching. Castiel was glad for that much. His Alpha had been simmering since they’d left. Not that he blamed him.
Dean stared at him a moment, then, “You’re kidding, right?”
“What?”
Dean was kissing him. Dean was
It started when he went by Benny’s place on the way to work. He noticed the vampire’s fangs appeared out, but Benny wasn’t lisping. At first he ignored it, but they stayed out as they got into the Impala and drove across town. Eventually, unable to resist, he asked, “Do you smell blood?”
Absently reaching up to push his glasses back up his nose, he jiggled his house key out of the mess and jammed it into the lock. They were black, thick, horn rimmed things, but his eyes were so bad the lenses he needed were thick, and these frames were the only ones he could use that he actually liked to some degree. They were annoying, but contacts had never worked for him and he hadn't worked himself up to Lasik yet. That and it wasn't exactly what one might call 'in the budget'. Not when both he and his mate were working while he took classes.
The knot of traffic finally eased up, and they made better time. Shortly after this they stopped for lunch, refueling with cheeseburgers before running the gauntlet. Traffic always seemed to get worse the closer they got.
Castiel worried his lip, leaning down a bit to peer out of the Impala’s window at the store they were parked outside. “Are you sure about this? I’d be happy to remain behind the camera.”
"I have no intention of hiding anything else from you, Dean. I won't lie, if you ask me a question or ask to know something I will tell you. Then if you decide you want me to leave, I will."
“Considering the price is helping you guys go after every son of a bitch who tried stabbing me in the back, I kinda am.”
As he took down the mostly full bottle, his brother ordered, “Eat something, it’ll metabolize faster. Then we’ll work on your wings.”
“They haven’t come for him because we’ve hidden him that well, and we’ve had help.”
The Omega said nothing, staring at the woman who’d raised him. Any refinement she’d had was flattened or washed away by the rain, and he knew he looked worse. Standing before her in black galoshes, the same basketball shorts he’d worn for roughly ten feedings, a ratty t-shirt, and perhaps a week of stubble. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d been able to shave.
Roughly half a mile after he'd switched to his human form Castiel heard a distinctive growl, and a smile crossed his face as he skipped across a stream. He had him. This Alpha would follow him to hell and back now.
“Gabriel did well with the wards.”
“What truth? And where were you, anyway?”
Castiel was as surprised as Dean. He hadn’t been aware his children had been discussing such things. It wasn’t unpleasant, only unexpected. When he exchanged a look with Dean, he couldn’t help but smile. The Alpha was cracking a wry grin of his own as Castiel stepped close, embracing him one more time.
Castiel coasted to a landing just outside their gate now, letting himself inside first it then the front door, walking right into a wall of scent and sound.
Before she could ask, he continued,
Lowering himself to the ground with a groan, Castiel closed his eyes and tapped into Angel radio. If there was a light tingle in his forehead, where he’d allowed the presumptuous Demon to kiss him yet again, he had to bury it long enough to get his message through. He had more critical things to consider at the moment. Dean was right, they could discuss it at his next visit.
Castiel raised an eyebrow at that. “Even to fix you?”
“Because my soulmate ain’t a damn angel!”
“It means something else?”
“Why?”
Dean reached into his coat pocket, removing a folded sheet of paper. Then he reached into another pocket, pulling out another. “Yep. The question list, and the grocery list.”
“So?”
“Do you intend harm to my parents?”
He hated when Castiel said things like that. It made it harder to stay mad at him. Especially when he sounded so genuine.
"In San Cali?"
“I have an idea, but I don’t think either of us want to do it.”
Dean nodded, finally starting Baby’s engine. “Yeah. I’ll do that.” He waited until he’d pulled back onto the interstate to ask, “Wanna do some more?”
“Rinse and repeat two more times before we figured out what it was,” Dean admitted.
“You mean something is in the running with that?”
“I would like to keep you, if you would like to stay.”
“I’m just saying…” Benny kept going as the angel put a hand on Dean’s shoulder, stopping him, but his vampiric-boosted hearing was still able to pick up on their words. “…if it doesn’t work…thank you. For everything.”
Dean laughed. “You wouldn’t, not intentionally. Remember that time I was out of town and you forgot your keys?”
Dean ducked his head, shuffling his feet before grabbing the buggy and marching it a few isles over, grabbing a loaf of bread. “Ready to hit the Halloween section?”
“If I had helped you, you wouldn’t have been out there when Ms. Johnson showed up. You wouldn’t have fallen. If I hadn’t been smoking, if I didn’t need to finish that one stupid fucking cigarette, I would have helped you carry up the damn groceries and neither of us would have been outside when that bitch came to bug us.”
“I don’t understand.”
"I know you can talk, why don't you?"
The Angel didn’t answer, taking down two plates. He set them on the boxes, but as he turned to carry them into the bedroom he stopped and rolled his eyes. “What part of remain in bed escaped your understanding?”
Only when he was satisfied they’d be oblivious to his presence, save the sigils if they ever dealt with other Angels, did Castiel start seriously searching their bunker. He checked the front rooms, but while he did find an arsenal and a lot of salt, there were no tools for spell work. Seeing as there was no attic, he turned his attention to the basement.
“I wanna see what’s on that camera.”
“Yes.”
“Stall?”
Full lips pursed into a pout, but the spasms stopped.
It was an instinctive reaction, really. He’d been drugged, kidnapped, almost killed multiple times, now this. Dean lurched forward, hand in motion before he could give it much thought.
Jo took some more work, though. Castiel wasn’t sure what he’d done to offend her, or what he could do to assuage her, but Dean’s sister gave him the cold shoulder for the rest of their visit. Sam, who had stepped out for steaks during Bobby and Ellen’s initial interrogation, seemed to have already accepted them as a whole. He was awkward, but in an endearing sort of way. Castiel had kept a strict eye on him the first time Samandriel had asked the tall Alpha to pick him up, apparently liking the idea of being able to see over everyone. Sam’s hesitant response, the way he’d bent down to gingerly pick up the youngling and hoist him onto one hip, had helped cool his maternal instincts. He didn’t do more than grimace when Samandriel had accidently pulled his hair as he’d made it to his uncle’s shoulders, and once she realized this giant of an Alpha was her newly acquired gaming buddy Charlie was quite happy to follow him around.
“I don’t think you’d notice a werewolf stalking you until it was too late. So how about I get the vamp, you get the werewolf, sound fair?”
Ms. Talbot chose that moment to walk over, which made Hazel uneasy. Especially when she saw Bela wearing a smug look. Nothing good happened when she had that expression on her face.
Wandering back to stand in the doorway, hands in his pockets, Castiel pointed out innocently, “I thought you wanted a Devil’s Trap.”
“No, I’m fine. Cas, I…”
“Long story. You said so yourself, you owe me a great debt. I know you were just saying that for the sake of the crowd, but I saved your ass. All you’ve gatta do is hand over a few square miles of land you can’t farm and a tower that’s starting to fall apart that you can’t use. Debt paid, you never have to worry about me again unless you’ve got something else that needs killing. Nice and simple, don’t you think?”
“The end result, not the process, like the gifts,” Castiel corrected.
“It probably helped that Gabriel came out about the same time,” Dean reasoned. “One twin swung the wrong way and the other swung both ways.”
Castiel nodded, putting that one in the cart and replacing the bats projector on the shelf. “It’s been a while, but I’m assuming not.” Looking at the camera he suggested, “Why don’t you comment? It would be peace of mind to know if I was in the minority.”
The Alpha shrugged, picking up his spatula again, pink rising to his cheeks.
Castiel took five, very slow rotations before going anywhere near the cabin, which he circled at length before coming in for a landing. He pushed through the door, only to throw a hand up in front of his face, catching a thrown blade. He caught it between his fingers, arching a brow as he studied the weapon. It was a large carving knife, from the block in the kitchen.
“This from the guy who waited until we were a thing for five months before telling me the reason you could never go out on Sunday night was because you went to mass.”
“After breakfast. Come on, Cas, work with me here. I thought you wanted to be involved.”
Castiel’s breath caught. They’d talked about it, yes, but not the exact timing. Suddenly the aching heat in his groin doubled, and he moaned even louder as his mate tugged on his hair. “Yes, oh gods yes, please Alpha. Fuck me, use me, breed me. Give me another kit, please mate, I beg of you. Let me have your cum, let me bear you another kit.”
Castiel didn’t even know his wings were drooping until Dean asked him about it. The Angel didn’t answer, but somehow he didn’t have to. Dean just gave him a sad smile, draping his arms around his shoulders and kissing him slowly.
“How?” Sam asked incredulously.
“Sorry,” Dean muttered gruffly, releasing his wrist. “Don’t, uh, don’t do that. Not when I don’t know you’re gonna. They’re more…delicate than yours.”
The Omega knew very well he'd picked up on the trace bit of information that Dean did, in fact, have a brother. Another, younger Alpha brother by the name of Sam, aka Sammy. But Gabriel decided he'd poked enough for now. He'd certainly have plenty of time for it in the future.
"Yes, but not enough to leave the circle."
Whatever he'd expected, it wasn't a kiss that made his head swim. Dragons and humans were alike in that regard, he knew. Alphas always marked their Omegas, it was what triggered a mating. But not always did the Omega mark their Alpha in turn. Some Alphas grew angry at the very suggestion, as it implied a level of equality in the relationship. Castiel was delighted to realize Dean was not such an Alpha.
The Alpha didn’t answer right away. He was gripping the steering wheel with white-knuckled hands, eyes narrowed as he sniffed, taking short, shallow breaths. His head tilted slightly, eyes narrowing. “I am sorry. I thought…I had thought I was accustomed to your scent.”
Castiel could hear Benny begin a slow retreat, possibly to go inform Dean of the situation. In any case, it was probably clear to him that little danger was being posed against the omega.
At that, Cas practically flung himself in the direction of his mirror, wobbly legs be damned. Hardly hesitating, Cas lifted the fabric of his shirt, exposing his bare abdomen.
Every day has a tomorrow, Cas reasons now.
“Love you too, Cas.”
“So, Castiel,” Dean said. “Any reason you look like you’re on the verge of passing out?”
Yes, Dean. I absolutely will.
Dean tensed, the bitter notes in his scent curling around the warm spice, practically smothering it. “Yeah, well, how could you even ensure that that’s safe? Cas, you don’t know what kinda shit your dad might pull. ‘Cause, I kinda get the sense he’s a vengeful guy.”
beat, that’s for sure.”
thorough an understanding of the stage play they were performing in. They
Cas nods. “That statement is true.” He pushes past his oldest brother and continues into his home.
Cas discovers a note the next day. This one neater, written on a piece of notebook paper.
Castiel opened his eyes. “What?”
Castiel’s mouth fell open, before he regained his composure. “Dean--”
“It fits, Dean. Thank you again.”
Castiel nodded. “Yes, of course. I’ll wait.”
That didn’t only mean survival, however; it meant earning his freedom. It meant escaping the hell he’d been conditioned to see as ‘normal’— as inevitable. Castiel most certainly was
Yeah, this is definitely looking like divine intervention, if I've ever seen it.
“I would still say to go for it, bro. Hope I’m not worrying you too much.”
Dean sighed. “Well, gee. Thanks, Cas. Scare her off.”
No ghost in sight.
That first week slid right by, featuring a weird dose of harmony.
He just wasn’t quite sure how to respond.
Dean had on a warm smile as he replied. “Yeah, Sammy. Talk to you soon. Bye.”
Jimmy didn’t respond.
EXT. ROADSIDE BRIDGE - DAY
EMPTY!CAS
At least from Castiel’s limited and potentially flawed assessment, Dean wasn’t awful, as far as alphas went. Hell,
Dean turned to face Castiel, eyes gone wide. “You know her?” he said.
CASTIEL
Sam and Eileen stroll down a dirt path, Miracle taking the lead. An air of peace, leisure-- a jarringly NORMAL scene.
Dean hung up and promptly slid down the door, until he was sitting on concrete. He put his head in his hands, the cold hitting him for the first time since he’d stepped out.
“Need any help with that?” Dean asked.
They managed to make it halfway down the bottom staircase before the ghost reappeared. For the first time, Dean was able to get a decent look at the creature. It looked sickly. Thin, with hollowed-out cheeks. Still, he didn’t exactly get to look for long. He swung the iron rod almost immediately.
Alfred pulled the pendant open.
The angel was silent.
“Hey,” Dean said. Castiel looked up. “Got the salt. Wanna get started?”
“Probably for the best.” Castiel smiled to himself. “It’s always better to be free, isn’t it?”
What? Hey, no, no no... damn it, it's really me.
Castiel nodded. “I already had dinner, so, yes, that sounds good.”
Dean looked down, laughing softly. “This is fucking amazing,” he said, finally making eye-contact with Castiel. “So you’re not kidding?”
of a king, after all he’s put me through.” He hesitated. “Oh, sorry, my name is Sir Dean Campbell, former palace guard of the Infernal King. It’s an absolute
“Oh,” Dean said. “Sorry, I guess. Can I stop by again later?”
“I was scared. And kinda assumin’ you already knew, it didn’t feel necessary. Basically, I’m an asshole,” Dean said.
one, speaking of the kid.
Alfred chuckled. “Yeah,” he said, an air of humour in his voice. “A hunter.”
EILEEN
“Uh, yeah. I’m pulled over. Actually, I should probably get going again. Don’t wanna leave Cas waiting on me.”
potential means to his demise: Either he’d be slaughtered by a jaded Infernal King, who most certainly
First, they’d forgotten his EMF meter.
Still held down by Dean and Benny’s collective effort, the man stilled. “Excuse me, but
I could strike you dead right here.
“Yes,” Castiel said. “I am actually going to be heading to Iowa tomorrow to check out a possible haunting. Would you be interested in coming with?”
Dean retreats INTO HIS ROOM-- eerily calm, hard to read. The door closes, Sam hesitates. Processing. Wipes his eyes.
Love, Dean
“So,” Dean said. “You think we could do that more often?”
INT. SECONDHAND BOOKSTORE - DAY
Castiel offers Gabe a final smile before marching upstairs.
...huh? Dean hadn't expected the soul reveal--
His brother Gabe had been on top of him the moment he caught Cas attempting to sneak out the doorway. "What's up, little bro?" Gabe had said, swooning slightly. "Finally got yourself a big gay date?"
“Yeah, this is gonna-”
AMBER (O.S.)
They're
Castiel sat on the edge of his bed, watching carefully as his brother paced to and fro. Jimmy wore a deep set scowl, his arms folded tight against his chest.
“Cas! Can you hear me?” Dean called, banging on the entryway. “C’mon, Cas, hang in there, man!”
. But that is to be expected, coming from him. He’s always… objectified me, I suppose. Mistreated me. I have little to no good things to say about the man, if that helps with your frustration. I’m certainly not attempting to defend him.”
to happen; given the man’s remarkably horn-free skull, it was safe to assume he was a regular ol’ human.
All the while, Dean snorted, shaking his head. “Well, he might be a little upset about the situation, but not at you. This ain’t your fault,” he said. “But he sure as hell ain’t gonna care about you bein’ human, I’ll tell you that much. Um, Sammy and Eileen are both human, too, actually.”
But noticing Castiel’s hesitation, Gabriel softened, smiling. He moved onto a new tactic: genuine concern. A last resort, if there ever was one. “Hey, listen. It’s gonna be getting cold tonight, all right? I don’t want Dad’s dickwad behavior to force you into getting yourself sick. I get if you’re not ready to talk about it, but moping out here ain’t gonna make it any better.”
wait?”
Lucky for you, as much as I enjoy sleep-- and I
(then)
(then)
What shocked him over all else was the thrill that came with dating Dean Winchester. And then there was the fact that Dean was actually not a shitty person; instead he was tolerable, if not kind. And charming, with an interesting sense of humor. He was extraordinarily beautiful as well - but again, Castiel was far from admitting that aloud or to himself.
“Okay,” Dean said as the other man slipped into the vehicle. “Think you’ll be able to give me directions?”
(taking it all in)
“Fuck, you’re lying. You’ve gotta be lying.”
The letters hadn’t been important to him. Not at all. They’d just been a curiosity involving the life of an interesting person. Cas had been intrigued, not attached.
Before Castiel could respond, he felt a pair of arms wrap around him, holding him tight. Dean buried his nose into Castiel’s shoulder.
“Okay,” Sam said. “Talk to you soon, I guess?”
No. You're not going to trick me... again. Don't you
“Wait,” Castiel said, springing up from his spot on the bed. He made his way toward Dean. “It’s late. I’m coming with you.”
?" he said softly.
“I know. You’ll fix things.” Castiel stopped pacing. Finally, he turned to face Dean. He shook his head and held his breath for a moment. “Please, just sort this out before it goes too far.”
“And you’re not still with that ‘angel’, are you?”
Castiel could feel his entire being soften. He may have been startled beyond all belief, but there was nothing he wanted less than to see Dean cry. “Dean,” he said. “Why didn’t you say anything? You should have said something.”
“You do?” Dean muttered, eyes pinched into dark slits, turned toward his mate.
While Castiel could tell that Dean was trying to blanket him in soothing pheromones, they were as subdued as his scent, and all but useless to quell the omega’s hurt.
“Very good,” Castiel said under his breath. He let out a tired huff, which sounded somewhat forced. That didn’t cross Dean’s mind, though, as he helped the other man to clear away the rest of the dirt.
Cas smiled wide. “Are you drunk?”
Truly, Cas couldn’t say he had ever been witness to a less interesting abdomen.
should earn you a little treat, don't you agree?
With some hesitancy, the doors were nudged open, and—
Dean’s feature contort. “Then what’s up? C’mon, you gotta tell me, man. Well, I mean, you don’t have to. Only if you’re comfortable.”
And Dean took the hint; Castiel was done discussing.
The doorbell rang.
Summer looked between the two others, mouth hanging just slightly open for a moment. “What?”
The room goes silent. Still.
Claire rushed forward, practically tripping over her tassel-trimmed cape.
Castiel laughed gently as he placed his phone next to the pillow behind him.
“Have you lost your damn
“Christ, how long have you been out here for?” the voice continued, all while Castiel’s senses clawed to the surface. “Let’s just hope your fuckin’ toes haven’t frozen off, by now.”
Castiel simply grinned and nodded.
“What does your gut say, Dean?” Castiel asked.
Do you have any idea why Jack would've dropped them out here? And not at the bunker? Seems... kind of tedious of him.
“Okay,” Dean muttered. “Say you are some fluffy-winged, heavenly-ass
But he’d promised.
is, and what’s happening?”
“Okay then,” Dean said, smiling. “But I gotta challenge you on that.”
After those two seconds passed, Alfred was bounding across the room. "Castiel," he said, features brightening instantly. "How are you? Have you taken care of Elizabeth yet?"
“I need to stage a rescue. Your rescue. But, then I gotta back out, saying I’m already devoted to another omega— that part’s true, by the way. That way, I can prove myself as a capable alpha, worthy of mating a princess. Also, I can show my loyalty to that princess. Plus, maybe, you could use your royal connections to help vouch for me.”
By their fourth date, Dean had begun to seriously contemplate his sexual orientation. He couldn't deny that he was attracted to Cas. But can they actually maintain a serious relationship? Although, it's not like Dean has managed that feat with any girls, either.
Castiel nodded and followed, still hand-in-hand with Dean, as his friend guided them into the living room.
Dean sighed, then shrugged. He’d dug himself into this hole. “Yeah.”
puzzle. Quick to surrender, he reaches for the book, pages through.
Sam pulls away, a clap to Cas's back.
“Hey, you hungry?”
far away, I guess, but it’s still like… really freakin’ strong.”
Castiel found it endearing.
Gavin has been persistent in his efforts to get Dean to cut it off with Cas. He threatens repeatedly to tell Cas of his and Dean’s relationship’s origin story. Despite the threats, Dean remains staunch and secure. Gavin isn’t prepared to set off some sort of team-wide turmoil at this crucial point in the season. And naturally, no one would forgive the guy who causes the team to lose their star quarterback. So in that regard, Dean is almost certainly safe. Not that that makes Gavin any less of an annoying douchebag.
I was so worried about you. Fuck. I’m so glad you’re safe. Ever scare me like that again, and I’ll beat you up, okay? I’m already gonna have to be your personal body guard for the next eon, as is. Your very first beta guard, right? Times are clearly changin’.”
Dean stood in place for a while before heading toward his bedroom. It was nearly two in the morning and he planned to leave by 4:30. Still, he wished he had the time to reconcile with Bobby before he left.
Castiel smiled. "It is very nice to meet you, Coraline. Could you point us in the direction of the den?"
Dean grins, leaning over to give Cas a brief kiss.
Charlie’d shot him a text thirty minutes prior, letting Cas know she’d be stopping by for a check-in, in between her array of moving-related errands. Cas would continue to babysit The Moss for another day or two; still, she’d felt that a wellness check would be smart. Cas had to agree with her, there. Because, hey, it wasn’t as if he had any experience caring for magically enhanced,
As vivid as the previous night had been— and despite how much Cas wished it
“Take that, son of a bitch,” Dean muttered.
After squirming a bit in his seat, finally, Castiel bared his neck to the alpha. “Please, let’s just get this over with.”
Castiel grins affectionately at his date for just a moment, too quickly for Dean to catch it.
They stood at the top of staircase for a moment, looking around. “Wanna just head around again? Then we can get the hell outta here,” Dean said with a small chuckle.
Castiel nodded.
Letting out a strangled chuckle, Castiel nodded. “Okay. I’m going to be blunt. Please, though. Don’t interrupt. I need a bit of time to explain.”
SAM (O.S.)
Dean shifted to his side, facing Castiel. “Okay. So talking didn’t work. Anything else you can think of?”
Castiel heard the clapping before he could even register what was happening. There were lips pressed against his own. There were
They began to dig.
NO, NO, NO! I... I earned you! Deals are to be
“Try to play along,” Dean whispered. Castiel swallowed hard.
good to meet you, Cas, dearie,” Rowena said, her voice flowing over Cas like compound butter.
Cas stops dancing. Dean’s features turn from gentle to panicked in an instant. “Cas? I’m sorry, man, was that too soon, or-”
Castiel places his free hand on Dean’s shoulder. “I am very proud of you, Dean,” he says. Apparently those words are enough to draw back in Dean’s gaze.
“I’m glad you’re as disgusted by the idea as I am,” Castiel said, smirking. He most certainly didn’t miss the sour notes overtaking Dean’s scent, no matter how dampened.
Dean feels every breath escape him immediately. “Dude, Cas is not in love with me.”
In addition, there was no love involved. He had promised himself to disregard any feelings of affection toward the man a while ago.
Castiel was true to his word. He reached into the pocket of his trenchcoat, pulling out a small box of matches. Dean watched intentively as he lit one, paused for a moment, and threw the object into the casket.
The pair has, somehow, found even more free time to spend with one another since the end of the football season. The team hadn't even made it to states.
Dean and Cas move toward a nearby road.
“What? Of course not! I’m bi, man.”
If you want, and I’m not saying you have to, meet me at my locker after school. I want to talk to you about something.
“Bobby, you gotta believe me.”
“Uh, yeah. Lucifer?” He can’t help but hold some bitterness in his voice. Castiel had talked once about his brother, and the sadness in Cas’s voice still rung in his ears. And anyway, who the hell names their kid Lucifer and expects him to be an obedient child?
Turning to the pair of guards at the side entrance, Dean added, “Now, you guys are gonna let us leave, and you aren’t gonna try pulling any shit, got it? ‘Cause if you do, I ain’t holding back. Consider if all this is really worth your life, all right?”
Dean doesn't know how to react, other than staring blankly at the staircase behind Meg.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - LATER
Dean slung his arm around Castiel, pulling his friend in closer. Castiel complied silently, eventually nestling his head beneath Dean’s chin.
“W- what?” Dean managed to sputter.
. Like I was destined for it or somethin’.”
He dives in, landing atop Castiel, who plummets into the grass. Dean crashes his lips into Castiel’s, whom responds immediately. They kiss slowly, Cas’s arms wrapped around Deans back, for what seems like hours. Until their lips are sore and swollen.
a hunter. A fuckin’ hunter. I feel like I’m inside one of Bobby’s stories.”
Alfred brought Dean and Castiel down another hallway, which led directly into a small kitchen-slash-dining room.
Cas grins in return. “Was I? Yes, I suppose I did sleep better the ‘well’. Thank you, Dean.”
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - DEAN'S ROOM - AFTERNOON
Pushing back her hood, Kaia beamed. Clearly, she was getting a kick out of her girlfriend, who had gone from hysterical laughter to pure heart-eyes. “Great. So, just let me…” Kaia trailed off, eyes falling shut. A flick of her wrist later, and—
For those of you who were upset by the last chapter!
“You really don’t need to know,” Dean said. Castiel could feel hurt seeping in. Aside from last night’s discussion, Dean didn’t typically hide things from him. Right?
Eileen is SURPRISED. Even so--
She hasn’t contacted him since the week before. In fact, Dean has yet to slip by her in the hallway. He has only the slightest clue as to what her relationship with Cas may be (former lover?),  he has no idea what year she’s in, or if she even attends Lawrence High School at all. Still, she is a time bomb. Dean can feel it in every inch of his bones. Meg knows too much, and she has no motivation to keep the information contained.
Was he missing something? Oh, god, he was absolutely missing something… something glaringly obvious, probably, knowing his own social awareness. Well, maybe he should just crack an unseemly joke to lighten the mood. Dean loved an awful pun whenever it came time to gloss over a tense moment. Yeah. He’d just—
“Shit,” he murmured to himself. He turned around at the first opportunity.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, sure.”
Uh, oh. Do you even know who dropped the stock off?
, I made
Dean grinned. “Great. Trust me, it’s awesome that you think tonight is just an exception. I mean, um, since you need your sleep.”
C'mon, man, you don't gotta be so...
Castiel could feel a tug at his heart. Of course his boyfriend would worry. It was basically ingrained in his character. Castiel meant to shrug it off as nothing, to assure Dean that he’d explain later. Somehow, though, he couldn’t lie to Dean. It was like a spell, ironically enough. “Come in,” Castiel said, surprised by how much his tone had inadvertently darkened.
CLARK
Honestly, he wouldn’t have been shocked if his caffeine-free panic attack was what had killed his appetite, in the first place.
Cas's muscles stiffened on reflex, gaze sinking into his outstretched forearm. Freshly towel-dried skin was now slick with the sheen of froth and espresso. Cradled loosely in his opposite hand was a half-empty mug, Han Solo decal fixing him with a lopsided smirk. Heh, fitting.
“I suppose you know who I am?”
EILEEN
Castiel fell into bed one night after a long round of studying. Dean was already asleep beside him.
“Yes. I guess so, I mean.”
Frantically, Dean had asked how severely his best friend and roommate was injured. Gabriel had hesitated for a split second before listing off Cas’s injuries. Dean grew more distressed with each one. Fractured ribs, broken leg, concussion, and a ruptured diaphragm.
Dean’s eyes were fully open now, and staring directly into Castiel’s own. “Anything you try in the past work?”
(then)
speaking, I joined the Infernal military. Had to get the aggression out somehow, and as soon as my home kingdom found out what was going on, they weren’t exactly gonna let me into their ranks. Don’t blame ‘em, either. I was a fuckin’ loose cannon.”
Phone pocketed, Dean hesitates, gathers courage--
Castiel stares, eyes locked on the freckles riding down the bridge of Dean's nose.
As “Can’t Help Falling in Love” begins to play, Dean hums into Cas’s ear.
Castiel nodded. “Yes, that sounds like a good plan.”
Always
“Dean happens to have told me, about two months back. I confronted him when I heard from my little cousin you two had gotten sappy with one another.”
To Castiel’s delight, it was at that point that they were interrupted.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - DEAN'S ROOM - SIMULTANEOUS
(then)
As they began to drive, Castiel punched a number into what Dean now realized was probably a burner. Why else would the guy be using a cheap flip phone?
“But, there
He punched in his parent’s home phone number, holding his breath as he did. Dean still wasn’t entirely certain why he was listening to Castiel. Maybe it had nothing to do with the angel. Maybe he just knew that it was time to be honest with his mom. Even if that time was just past midnight.
“What did he tell you?”
more that you’re
have to make.
As it would turn out, a trip to the kitchen didn’t offer much insight, either. Groaning his frustration, Cas shuffled over to the sink, honing in on the windowsill-dwelling houseplants. There was a modest trio, all potted herbs.
Castiel’s smile widened once more. “I can offer you an opportunity to test it, if you’d like.”
“I suppose so,” Castiel replied as he reached into the pocket of his trenchcoat, pulling out a small slip of paper. He handed it to Dean.
Deflating just a smidge whilst attempting to remain on-guard, Castiel nodded. “Sorry. Um, how would you prefer I address you, then?”
Dean turns back to his locker, expecting Cas to wander off. He can’t help but be slightly disappointed with the results. What had he been expecting to happen, though? Cas and him to get back together on the spot?
Once again, Gabriel paused for a moment before speaking. “Yeah, docs say his prognosis is good.”
Castiel felt bust open, yet it was… oddly refreshing? He was suddenly free to patter on about his bouts of hopelessness or anxiety, thanks to his father and the upbringing that had entailed.
What happened, Dean?
Alfred nodded. “It was nice talking to you too, Dean. Keep your senses sharp.”
Only a few seconds later Dean spoke, “Okay, open up.”
Castiel nodded, staring directly at his friend. “If this has been going on for a while, why did you wait until now to tell me?”
“Yes, Castiel,” Meg continues. “I’m going to need the latest scoop, okay? I just need to make sure some things are running smoothly.”
struck Cas. He was all but
Again, Castiel followed with a silent nod. Dean worried his lip between his teeth.
Yeah, Sam. He hid everything, never even gave us a chance to
to meet you, at last.”
Back to silence.
To Dean’s surprise, Ellen doesn’t seem the least bit phased. “Nice to meet you, Castiel. Name’s Ellen.” Ellen says with a wide grin, hands on her hips.
Dean passed alleyway after alleyway. The scenery didn’t phase him.
“Yeah, well, I was sorta wonderin’ the same thing,” Dean said, with the gentlest smile he could muster. The woman was already frightened enough. He didn’t want to contribute to it.
“Oh.”
“This him?” John asked. The entire room broke into smiles.
“Are you kidding me? You’re trying to get away?”
, Jack. You gotta do this for me. For... for Cas.
Dean, frankly, was shocked. That was not the direction he thought this would go in.
Dean massaged the bridge of his nose. “What? No. He just-”
Standing at the doorway is a particularly rough looking man, with tousled blond hair and a subtle smile. “Dean Winchester?” the man says after a moment.
“Dude, breaking up with him would ruin the point.”
“Ah, wait— shit!”
Dean let out a weak chuckle. “I know. It’s-”
By all existing reason, Cas
"Hey, man," Dean says, hands in his pockets.
Although his limbs had gone flaccid and his voice tempered to practically a whisper, the suitor wasn’t quite ready to surrender. “Your highness, my name is Sir Richard Roman of the revered Kingdom Leviathania. I am the favored choice of mate by your father, himself. Look, I don’t know what kind of sick manipulation or coercion it took for you to find yourself in this position, but I can still save you, I can still…” Rather than continue babbling and wait to be interrupted again, Richard trailed off. His eyes were hard, although the fight seemed to have already left them.
“I know, Dean. It’s just that you’ve had a particularly difficult week at work, and I didn’t expect you to be up this-”
you, Cas?”
Dean grabs a BROOM, begins sweeping, as we--
And, seemingly by the grace of his mid-century modern kitchen, he wasn’t burnt. The heat was certainly there, sliding and prickling against the surface of his skin, like some kind of extra-strength Pop Rocks— but there was no pain. There was no reddening of his flesh, his arm still tinged golden by the dusty mid-morning sunlight.
Dean stepped inside first, offering the woman a polite nod. Castiel followed close behind.
(then)
Dean moves the needle to the surface of the record before pressing a large button on the player’s side.
Dean sighed. “I fucked up, Cas.”
All right if I come in, then?
To Dean’s surprise, Bobby’s gaze immediately returned to his book. “I have no idea what you’re talking about,” he muttered.
(groggy)
“We have… apparently, visitors. They say they’re here for… Dean?”
MACIE
He made his way out the front door, hit immediately by the cool fall air. Dean sauntered over to his car. His baby. The 1967 Chevy Impala had been a gift from his dad before he left for Bobby’s.
Dean nodded. “Okay. We were headin’ back to the motel anyway, before we were attacked. Cas, you can-”
it was all just a carelessly constructed game. A slightly less-than-traditional masquerade— to repeatedly and shamelessly fail at wooing Prince Castiel via pig-headed theatrics.
“Dean, do you think we should turn around?”
Do you really believe, honestly, that
And if Castiel’s own heat kicked off not an hour later, then so be it.
an obvious area of concern.
...damn it.
Dean is kind to him. He goes beyond basic courtesy and respect. Dean treats Cas as if he is deserving of so much more; as if Cas is worth the world. As if Cas is his world.
(then)
Dean stepped back inside his own house, shrugging off his jacket before striding into the family room.
They were met with hugs and farewells. Bobby even approached Castiel, smiling. “Good luck, boy,” he said. Castiel nodded.
him from injury. Hell, even then, Cas didn’t exactly have a reputation of pissing people off— at least, past his occasional gaudy fashion choices. Those could be distracting and potentially upsetting, depending on the refinement of one’s taste.
“You should surprised,” Cas notes, expression blank. “Surprised that you love me, I mean.”
“Gonna need you to speak up, man.”
Jesus, the man could be adorable.
This AMAZES Eileen... until it doesn't. Because,
EILEEN
“Oh, yeah. Lucky bastard.”
EILEEN
Dean shook his head, propped on his elbow now. “Hey, I’m the one who said you could wake me up. Anything you need? Somethin’ specific?”
Impressive, how a text can be so enlightening, yet somehow, so dull.
” he said. “This is Dame Claire Novak, my new mate and rescuer. And this is Sir Dean Win-
“Yeah,” Dean responded.
to a screeching halt— and, somehow simultaneously, sent into overdrive. “Wait, wait, wait—”
“It’s okay, Dean. I’m glad that you took care of it.”
You know what, just get in the damn car, bitch.
Castiel sighed, prepared to admit defeat. That was until Dean turned to face him, eyes open.
Then there was Meg.
He found himself at the hospital thirty minutes later.
“Dude, I could go one forever,” Dean says. His smile is genuine this time. “Ellen’s freakin’ amazing. She pretty much took over for my mom after she died.”
What?! Dean, are you kidding me? I sacrificed myself
Piqued by the excitement, Miracle approaches Cas.
Castiel found his mouth hanging open, not a word coming out. His mind was blank, as if it had been overtaken by a blinding white light.
Castiel paused after he'd stepped over the threshold, waiting until Dean had shut the door and set aside his weapon to take the human's right hand. He brought it up, pressing cool digits to his ear, trusting Dean to handle them with care. His trust wasn't betrayed.
“What do you want, Marv?” It had been a long-ass day. Since this morning he’d gotten to deal with an exam, getting nailed with a group project with the least responsible people he’d ever met, a flat tire on the way to work, and no less than three entitled douchebags who thought they knew more about their cars than he did. It was late, he was tired, and he was
Both turned to stare at Sam, abruptly remembering they were in public and talking in front of the uninitiated. Castiel paled a little, but Gabriel didn't look disturbed. If anything he was grinning wider.
“You speak as though you have a say,” Naomi bit out, chin lifted haughtily. “I don’t know if you’re aware, but this is not the human world. Your kind is not welcome, you have no authority.”
alright?”
Humming an absent response, Castiel handed him the paper.
John cleared his throat, setting his mug down. “Right. Listen, I…I know I didn’t handle things right. When you were growing up or when you brought him home.” He nodded at Cas, rubbing his hands together uneasily. “You caught me off guard, not that it’s any excuse.”
“There’s only five percent chance of rain and there’s supposed to be a clear view when we get to the lookout point,” Castiel continued, ignoring him. “And if we’re lucky we might see some wildlife.”
Once they were both clean and dressed Dean made them breakfast. Nothing too fancy, just scrambled eggs and bacon, but they were very good. So was the coffee.
Surprise crossed Castiel's face, followed by dismay as he hurried after the Alpha. He was dismayed to find Dean yanking a pan of nearly blackened sandwiches from the stove, tossing it into one side of the sink. He twisted off the heat for both stove eyes, then slammed a lid on the pot of burning soup to contain its bubbling red mess. It was then dumped it into the sink's other side. It had been bubbling over and, judging by the smell, had also burned. Castiel's shoulders slumped in defeat as Dean poked at two blackened grilled cheeses experimentally, chagrined to find both had become adhered to the pan's surface.
“Is he your soulmate?”
For a moment Castiel thought he'd finally gotten this Alpha to give in. The growl returned and his tunic was shoved up over his head, a belt clinking and zipper dropping as the human shed his own clothes as quickly as physically possible. A broad, warm hand pressed to his shoulders, lowering them as the other lifted his hips. Castiel obligingly positioned himself for mating, aiming his ass at the moon and spreading his thighs, his own cock hard and his entrance beginning to drip slick.
“Then what would you call it?”
“As you can see, just mentioning it has him sleepy.”
A hand came into view, fingers brushing his cheek. A shock darted between them at the touch, seemingly startling the Alpha. Then, to Castiel's dismay, he gave his head a sharp shake and sat back on his haunches, removing his touch.
“But you enjoyed it, didn’t you?”
“Exactly. Weeding needs to be done and I doubt I’ll have the energy when we get back,” Castiel reminded him, turning back to his work. “Did you get everything ready?”
When he woke up Sam was back, setup at the kitchen table with more books and homework, Dean sleeping soundly at his side. It looked as though he'd taken a shower before crashing, reminding the Omega he wasn't exactly at his cleanest either. He stumbled into the bathroom drowsily, cranking up the hot water.
Dean peeked at him through the fingers of one hand. “You sure?”
“Bobby might,” Sam blurted. “But it’s a super long shot, so he hasn’t said anything.”
Only then had Castiel released him, backing off. He stood over John for the next half hour, until police arrived. Dean had been frozen to the spot, watching as red-laced cobalt eyes stayed on the felled Alpha. That color could only mean one of two things, either Castiel had gone feral or he was in rut. Seeing as he wasn’t humping everything in sight, the obvious answer was the former. This didn’t truly worry Dean until two cops tried to approach him. For all they were careful, cautious, approaching in plain view and in a nonthreatening manner, Castiel had still growled at them.
“I’m not dealing with all those ‘I-told-you-so’s’ from Bobby,” Dean argued, advancing on his brother.
When Hazel turned, beaming in pride, she was pleased to see Dad had the attention of all the parents and most of her classmates. At first she'd thought they were staring because he was an Alpha, but she'd seen lots of Alpha parents by now and still none of them looked like him. That much was something she was proud of. Maybe that was it.
“I thought you liked them.”
A tiny noise that wasn't quite a whimper was drawn from his lips as Dean pulled away, making the Alpha smile. "You're fucking adorable, Cas."
Dean came out of the door, trunk on one shoulder, carrying it over to set it by Castiel’s. “Everything okay, Cas?”
Confused, Dean made himself look down at Benny’s arm. It wasn’t dripping blood anymore. Gingerly, he lifted one finger enough to peek at the cut. There was still plenty of blood, but he couldn’t make out the gash anymore. Frowning, he began to slowly take his hands away, lifting the rag.
Dean gave him an odd look, but didn't let go of him. One hand stayed on his shoulder as the Alpha dipped to grab his weapon, guiding him towards the house with a hand between his shoulder blades. "Where'd you come from?"
His husband glanced up, shoving his phone into a pocket. “It’s, uh, Dad.”
That got him a dirty look, which Castiel returned with an unrepentant one of his own.
His friend looked at him as though he’d grown a second head. “No, I think I would have noticed.”
At least there was still food there when Castiel checked on his patient the next day. Granted all the pizza was gone, along with all the bacon and waffles you put in a toaster, but the majority of everything else was left. He seemed to be slowing down, which was a relief. It would have grown tiresome, having to stock up every other day. Not to mention the cashiers on the graveyard shifts had already begun giving him odd looks, especially the one who sold him alcohol.
"Why would they?" Balthazar demanded. "It was one stupid Alpha you spent your heat with, so what? It's not like they'll remember anything, he's no danger."
He didn’t hear her or see her, but he felt her. On pure instinct he pivoted, swinging out of the way with barely enough time to spare, his shirt ripping as the stolen blade nearly pierced his side. Castiel backed up, trying to put both this newcomer and the four others in his line of sight. This one, a female, sported red hair and horns nearly as large as Dean’s, painted lips curling in a smile.
"We were successful. The...monster is dead."
“Would you?”
“It’s been a while since I’ve had a good fight.”
“I dunno, he likes his boops.”
Gabriel didn’t answer that time. Not verbally. He popped his sucker into his mouth, then rolled his shoulders back, grace lighting up his eyes. Castiel took an involuntary step back as the room was suddenly lit not by electric lights, but by angelic grace in the doorway. Bright gold angelic grace radiating from Gabriel, triple layered wings thrown into sharp relief, raw power filling the room so abruptly Castiel could taste it.
“That’d better just be a wardrobe change.”
“What is that?”
Castiel hummed, carefully extracting the two cups as they headed out of town. He passed one to Dean, then cupped the other in both hands. It was still a little too hot to drink, but the warmth alone was decidedly pleasant. Better still, Mary made her hot coca with milk on a stove, and a dash of actual coca. While he was normally partial to coffee, the season called for something a little more special.
"Aye, sir. Anything to eat?"
Castiel licked his lips, doing another scan around the area before saying slowly, “Sam was well, last I saw him. There are…limitations, but he is allowed to move freely about. Acceptance among the Angels isn’t exactly widespread, but he’s managing.”
Dean didn’t take his eyes off Tessa, but he motioned to the trunk. “Alfie is. I think Bal and Charlie are trying to cram in all their gizmos.”
He had just enough time to note the glasses of specialty drinks in their hands before one of them was thrown in his face. He gasped, spluttering as alcohol and juice seeped through his shirt, hurridly wiping at his eyes, relieved none of it had actually gotten in them. When he could see clearly, Meg was on her feet and in the girl’s face, impressive considering they had three inches on her.
he asked, managing to get the words out in a normal fashion.
Castiel met it with an exasperated expression of his own. “Really? We’ve been over this, Dean.”
The magistrate spluttered, his face turning a worrisome shade of red. The chieftain drew himself up, eyes narrowing into slits. Castiel nearly rolled his eyes. He’d always hated Alpha pissing matches. Now seemed to be as good a time as any to try his hand at channeling his energies into something more constructive.
“But- “
The Omega waited until he poured blended eggs into the pan to step forward, resting a hand on his shoulder. Dean half turned, raising his eyebrows in question.
“I could go for pretzels, and another round.”
For a moment the Demon’s eyes went black, but it faded just as quickly. He was that weak. It was almost sad, seeing an obviously powerful being brought so low, for all he was supposed to be the enemy.
“Do what?”
“So…does that mean you’re up for more than one?” Dean asked hopefully.
The Angel paused mid-chew. “How?”
he muttered. He didn’t speak his original language much, mostly because no one used it and even fewer understood it. In his human life he’d used both Egyptian and Latin, though he was partial to the former. Using it often helped calm him, or make sense of things.
He was lowering his hands when he heard a faint, “Are you shitting me?!” from inside the cabin.
"What is your fascination with my stomach?"
After a moment’s consideration, Castiel decided, “You would have to ask those under my command. I think they would be more knowledgeable in that regard. Or perhaps Gabriel.”
After a pause, Dean added, “But it seems like you do.”
“I do. That’s why I’m not offended by your reaction.”
The Alpha was pulling his cock from his lips after the third time, stroking his hair and rasping, “Still want that knot? Or are you worn out?”
“Does it not bother you?” the woman challenged, turning her attention to Papa.
While the Alpha's touch softened a little he didn't release the Omega as he had before. Instead a thumb and forefinger reached around, taking hold of Castiel's chin and turning it so his face could be studied. Full lips murmured an incoherent string of soft, soothing words, as though he were dealing with a frightened animal. In his right mind Castiel might have laughed. You would have thought he were the prey here, not the Alpha.
“They have?”
Dean stepped behind him, taking the trench coat off and tossing it over a bar stool. “Ricotta and Italian sausage tortellini in mushroom sauce.”
"Like hell you're leaving. Get that crap out of the car. Bring him back in."
"You're not the one who always got caught."
“Peace, brother.”
“I’m having fun with a pest,” Abaddon drawled. “I know you don’t like playing with your food, but come
Balthazar made a face. "Come on, Mom, seriously?"
“This from the man who has nine different flannel shirts and just as many pairs of the same jeans.”
Fork still hovering between plate and mouth, Dean asked innocently, “What brought that on? And what do you mean they ambushed you?”
"That's an unusual compliment," Castiel gasped breathlessly.
“What?” Dean protested at the accusatory look sent his way.
Dean glanced at him over Samandriel’s legs, gloved hands gripping his ankles to keep him balanced. “Yeah?”
“If Castiel’s a mouthful, what does that make Samandriel?” Turning to the boy he asked, “How do you feel about Alfie?”
Castiel’s brow furrowed, but only partially because of what Hannah was reporting. Dean had decided to occupy himself with pressing kisses along his jaw and neck. It was highly distracting.
After updating the spreadsheet, he hooked his laptop to a Bluetooth speaker, cranked up Led Zeppelin, and opened up ‘Cryptolinguistics of Real and Mythical Winged Beings, Vol. 4’
Realizing he was being rude, Castiel smiled apologetically. “Hello, Sam. It’s nice to finally meet you. Dean’s told me a lot about you.”
“Yep. But this’ll be easier.”
Lips curling into a smile, Castiel closed his mouth and swallowed as theatrically as was possible. Dean hauled him to his feet, dragging him back onto the bed and kissing him until the Omega was gasping for air. Castiel couldn’t help but giggle a little at that, enjoying how enthusiastic Dean was even after an orgasm. If there was one fault Dean didn’t have in the bedroom, it was lack of stamina.
Charlie stiffened, glancing uneasily to Balthazar even as their mother bristled even more. From the look of it, her brother had heard the same thing she had. No, they couldn’t do that, could they? Mom had said they couldn’t.
“What’s wrong with that?”
Dean's eyes narrowed, but Castiel pressed a hand to his shoulder, guiding him away. He'd been too out of it during their initial mating, but a week or so afterward he'd marked his mate as Dean had him. Gabriel had barely waited a day, seeing as he was in a more open environment. Both Alphas had been more than willing to bear their marks in turn.
Sam had met Gabriel when they’d witnessed their brother’s ceremony, and apparently gotten along quite well. Well enough that they were currently sharing a house in northern Kansas, married five years. Sam had gotten his law degree and was working at his own practice now, while Gabriel ran the best candy and sweet shop that side of the Mississippi. Considering John’s reaction when he found out about Castiel, it was a genuine shock that he hadn’t walked away a second time.
His eyes drifted back to Alfie, who was working himself up to jumping height. He wasn’t sure what caused it. Maybe it was because Ruby was semi-well behaved so far. Maybe it was because he was focusing on Alfie. Maybe it was because he’d been thinking about it more often lately.
Castiel's head tilted to one side, though not so much his own crown would fall. "What now, then? Do you want to kill me?"
Great. Just great. He started looking for something else to watch, miserably looking for a new distraction. Honestly the blood trails weren’t so bad, just a few clusters of drops, no real spatters. It was the rest that worried him, spread high and wide. The sweep of crimson now painting his bathroom door was easily three feet long. Were they that broad, or were they just long?
The Omega took a few small, slow steps forward, extending a red fruit with one hand. The mare’s ears flicked forward, eyeing him wearily. But when it was close enough her nostrils flared, and she gave it a careful sniff before taking it daintily from his hand. Her bit wasn’t in yet, so she was free to crunch the treat.
“They’re all lovey-dovey still. You’ve met Uncle Gabriel and Uncle Sam, they’re like that.”
"I told him not to."
A dreamy smile crossed Dean’s face before reality hit. “Can we afford that? We’re already going to have doctor’s bills, and the new glasses. I need to call the optometrist. Do you think they’re still open?”
"I don't understand."
“Oh. Um, you would be open to the reversal of rolls?”
“No, I guessed we’d end up with a cart full,” Castiel admitted.
The Angel was scolding himself for such sentiment when he felt it. Castiel froze, wings twitching, getting into position to either fly or execute an evasive maneuver, whichever was needed first. His blade fell into his palm as he scanned the area, searching for the source of the grace traces he was detecting. He wasn’t sure if this was worse, having another Angel out here rather than a Demon. Those he could pick off and claim to be sweeping up strays. His own kind would be more complicated.
“You sure? It’s not very comfortable.”
“Why would you do that?”
The more he talked, the more upset and confused Sam seemed to get. By the time he was done, his brother was pacing his living room. Dean leaned back on his couch, taking a gulp of his beer, and waited. At least Sam didn’t keep him in suspense for very long.
"I wanted to help and display support. You mentioned you were planning on making a trip to resupply part of your stockpile tonight and it helps to have a second set of hands. I would like to accompany you."
“Are you hungry, or not?”
The Angel froze mid-chew, turning to stare across at him. “You would watch a documentary?” Until now unless it was something deemed ‘cool’, like sharks or some such a thing, Dean had adamantly refused to go near documentaries.
Castiel sighed again, yawned, then crawled onto the bed. Dean had spent a majority of the day before on tow truck duty, he hadn’t gotten back until late. He usually liked to let his husband sleep in after such days, but sometimes he had little choice in the matter.
“I never saw the need,” Castiel shrugged. Focusing on the lens he informed it, “None of you have ever seen him when he walks into a kitchen full of pie. Unless you’re related to him. I imagine it’s akin to a child waking on Christmas morning to find a puppy in their stocking.”
The Alpha moved back in, grabbing Castiel by one arm and pulling him away. When the Omega was reluctant to budge he moved his hand to the base of his neck, guiding him away a little more forcefully. Castiel didn't like getting manhandled, and no doubt he'd hear about it later, but for now he was a little more concerned about extracting his mate.
“I know. But you also spend a lot of time watching vines and laughing at memes.”
The red was gradually fading from Dean’s eyes as he stared at the Omega. “You’d want me to kill your mom?”
In the end it was roughly two months after Castiel had stumbled upon the Demon that he was recovered, both in body and power. He still had the scars, after wounds like that he always would. There were a few others, from equally damaging weapons, both those would always be his most impressive. His power was returning, too. Like blood or magic it was constantly regenerating, but it had been so damaged and depleted it took far longer than usual. When he noticed, Castiel was both intrigued and dismayed to find he wasn’t afraid of him. A Knight of Hell, one of the strongest, was nearing full strength once more and he genuinely had no fear of him. He was…aroused. Why? It seemed illogical, but still it happened. For reasons he wasn’t sure of, when they both noticed Dean’s power was returning to what it ought to be when you were a Knight of Hell, the first thing he did was test the durability of the coffee table in the middle of a Dr. Sexy episode. They broke the coffee table about halfway through, which just seemed to make them both all the hotter. Castiel had still hesitated, worried he’d harmed his lover, just to have Dean growl in very demonic tones, “Don’t you dare fucking stop.” His beautiful, powerful Demon was still cocky as ever, even when he was the one playing catcher.
“Okay so you’re a little nutty, but in a good way,” his husband assured him. “I like most of your quirks.”
That got Dean’s attention. He sat up, frowning. “What’re you talking about?”
“I’m good with hand-to-hand, but I’m great with those.”
“Would you?”
“I would
experience.”
“I’ve been fortunate, then. You seem intent on keeping me alive.”
“You, I think.”
“Yes, my laptop was fried. All my work was gone. Toast. Because of you. I got angry and told you to leave me alone. Forcefully.”
Dean just grinned, but by then the table was being swarmed. All things hunting were shelved until that night, after everyone had been fed, bathed, put to bed. Castiel found Dean in the garage, checking the Impala's trunk.
“We went down to check, but we couldn’t find anything.”
He looked from her to her two companions and back again. He knew Dagon, Lilith, but he’d only seen them in images projected from others. They were among the chief law enforcers in North America. Neither were from her squad, but quiet probing showed the ones who were waited just outside his property, outside the gate. His stomach dropped even farther.
“You seriously think that?” Dean demanded, taking two steps forward. “The hell is wrong with you? I know you don’t like humans but- “
Dean's eyes narrowed, but he did drop down into one of the seats. Sam looked as much thoughtful as he did worried, brown eyes calculating. Deciding that stalling would do him no good, Castiel got right into it. There were only a few interjections as he told them everything, from when John came to the Gas-N'-Sip to when he'd left the diner. Dean looked pissed, but he did agree to put off going after John until after his mate was done.
When morning came he was sprawled on his side, head resting on a pillow, eyes fluttering open as gentle touches stirred him. Fingers were combing through his hair, the sensation of nails on his scalp incredibly soothing, warm lips pressing idle paths across his shoulders. A faint smile graced his face, his eyes fluttering at the attention. If he'd been a cat he would be purring.
He hadn’t forced Dean into anything, the Omega had to give him that. He hung around, spent time with him, helped Sam with his homework, got Bobby’s shop’s taxes in order, and generally managed to worm his way into the reluctant Omega’s heart. In the week between finals and when they walked for their diploma’s, Castiel mated him.
“These are not just monsters, Dean, they’re leviathan. I have a price on my head. I’ve been trying to stay one step ahead of them to….” He stopped, looking away before refocusing on the human. “To keep them away from you. That’s why I ran.”
“You know the only reason I’m doing this is for your mom’s cooking and so I can say I spent Thanksgiving with Satan, right?”
Dean gave the lens his best, weariest expression, pointing a finger at his husband. “This guy calls me an hour after sundown, on a payphone, and you know what I get? ‘Hello’. That’s it. No ‘I’m alive’, no ‘I got kidnapped by hippies’. Just ‘Hello, Dean. Where are you?’” He mimicked Castiel’s deeper tones when he said it.
“What, you’re not going to ask for my hand?”
"Does Uncle Gabby know?"
Castiel was happily munching through his sandwiches as Dean went back to the TV, poking around on the streaming device.
“Dean, enough. You have plenty of paid leave time you’ve never used, and I’m sure Bobby will understand. Hasn’t he been after you to take time off anyway?”
Only then did Dean drag his gaze up, staring blearily at his own reflection. His eyes were red rimmed and overbright, freckles standing out on ashen skin, lips damp, water still dripping down his chin. His shoulders and chest were bare save for the amulet he never took off, the one Sam had given him after that thirteenth birthday.
Dean just chuckled, giving his hand a squeeze before letting it go and turning to leave. “See you at home, Cas.” Louder he called, “Didn’t the lunch bell just go off?”
“You’re awesome. Ya know that?”
“I think the thesaurus talk actually gets worse when you’re worked up,” Dean mused, snickering. He made quick work of his own boots, shucking the rest of his clothes, dumping everything on the floor before joining him on the bed. He yanked off Castiel’s boots, pushing him back down to the bed when he tried to help, his head hitting the pillows. “You stay. I’m gonna do the work this time, alright? I know what I’m doing, I got the lube.”
he mused pointedly, focusing the words on Castiel alone.
“Since when are you good with computers?”
"Dad!" She skidded to a stop, bumping into his leg in the process, bouncing excitedly.
The Omega fiddled with the switchblade in his fingers. "I've known you long enough, Dean. Something's bothering you."
"I still can't believe they let you take on a wendigo solo. Well, solo plus me. Dean-o's got this mile wide protective streak."
Face reddening, Dean thrust the list at him, grumbling, “Read the next question already.”
"Our fathers had a falling out. Gabriel was the only one whose presence I enjoyed, but when I saw him last I was...twelve?"
“What is so funny?”
"All of them."
“Thanks,” he said wryly. “Saturday.”
"What are you- mph!"
"What?"
“Because it just happened. Give me that!”
he was surprised to see all the lights out in the garage too.
“They’re open twenty-four hours now.”
“I’ll give it back before we leave,” Castiel promised.
Dean didn't seem entirely convinced by this, but rather than comment further he turned his attention back to the boy. “You hungry?”
"You have a large shower."
“It’s only eight o’clock.” Judging from his enthusiasm Dean had already had his obligatory two cups of coffee. Damn him.
“Quiet,” Castiel hissed.
“And if anyone gets to kill him, it will be me,” Azazel added.
Dean didn’t say anything, but he did peck his husband’s cheek, giving him a squeeze before stepping out of the embrace. He picked up the camera again, but hesitated. Only when Castiel smiled at him, picking up the boxes he’d been holding before and saying, “Action,” did he start recording again.
“Be honest, between me and you, who really killed those Demons? And don’t worry about Dean-o, we’re warded. He won’t see or hear us.”
“What’s the last question?” he asked, moving to the shelves full of candy bags.
The elder Omega heaved a sigh. “Fine.” He was hungry too. And it had been a long time since he’d had some good French fries.
“He’s marked,” Dagon announced, nose wrinkling like she’d smelled something bad. “Remove your coat.”
“Had a feeling today was gonna go to shit.”
They’d been having a nice conversation, Dean grumbling as they ganged up on him regarding his lacking table manners the moment he had his favorite food in front of him, when the door opened. Castiel hadn’t known why at the time, but every singe family member had frozen, Dean going ridged at his side. At first things had been tense but not explosive. Castiel had initially introduced himself as a friend from college before anyone could say otherwise, but before he could shake John’s hand Dean had grabbed it, lacing their fingers together. Even before he’d stated the truth John’s face had gone red. Amid all the yelling that ensued as Dean stood up for both himself and his then-boyfriend, the extent of John’s prejudice had come to light. Mary had joined the argument at that point, furious that he’d raised a hand to their son. Castiel had tried to stay out of it as much as he could, but then John had turned on him, apparently convinced he’d somehow managed to do something to his son. Just when it looked like he was about to start swinging Mary had kicked him out of the house with an ultimatum. He could either accept all his children as they came and come back in the morning, or he could be a stubborn bastard about it and come back in the morning to pack up his things. His response had been to disown Dean. Mary had promised to have all his things boxed up in the yard by morning.
In impressively short order the battle was over, only one enemy Demon left standing. Castiel faced them, gripping his bloodied blade but not approaching. Dean had the barrel of his pistol placed on the underside of their jaw, the Demon staring at him with narrowed eyes, hands raised.
“It will make a suitable backup.” He went to set it on the table. It would not harm him, not like the blade he’d given to Dean.
Naomi promised.
Something seemed to occur to Benny, and he eyed Dean sidelong. “They said you got wings?”
His boyfriend's younger brother wandered out, shaking his head. He was almost out of the kitchen when he stopped, turning to look back at Castiel. "Are you sure you want to go with him?"
“He’s your father,” he pointed out. “I’m not the one he wronged, not really. I’m a homosexual in a family of Catholics, remember? Nothing he ever said to me was worse than members of my own family or former congregation said. Getting along with everyone, getting everyone to like you, is impossible. I’m content with friends who like me for me, with family who loves me, be they blood or not. John Winchester is only of consequence to me because he’s your father. He can’t undo what he’s done. Whether or not his transgressions are unforgivable are up to you. Whether or not they warrant certain boundaries are up to you. Whether or not he receives complete forgiveness is up to you. Whatever you choose, I will support. You know this.”
"What the hell are you doing?" his father asked icily.
He darted farther away, putting himself almost out of sight, then returned to his humanoid form. Standing on his own two feet, he waited. He was acutely aware of his own scent thick in the cooling air, sweet Omega musk growing stronger as his heat drew nearer. He'd left his shoes behind, as they'd only get in the way, wearing only a knee length tunic of undyed cotton. He hadn't even bothered with underwear.
"Five," Castiel whimpered, grinding his hips.
“No.”
“Gabriel talked me into that one.”
“I’m fine,” Dean said for what felt like the umpteenth time, nudging his new glasses a bit higher on his nose. Anna was nice enough, a female Beta who shared his ambitions to get a mechanical engineering degree. She, like him, was in the minority for this field. They’d known each other for years simply because they’d been on the same educational track while holding down part-time jobs.
Castiel frowned, folding his arms.
Castiel waded into the pool, then dove under, wings pinned to his back. He swam a bit, then surfaced in an area shallow enough for him to stand. He raked his fingers back through his hair, then carefully laid on his back, wings half extended to float on the pool’s surface.
“We’ve got a bunch of black and white movies at home.”
He heard his mate chuckle. “So you’ve told me.”
"Don't give me that." The door slammed shut as he hurried around, going to shut and lock their door before bounding back down and climbing in behind the wheel. "It's her fault. I told you we should have tried to get a ground unit."
“No. Even weakened I don’t trust a Knight. We stay together.”
The human’s mouth set in a grim line. “You could say that.” He went over to his fridge, took out two beers, and went to set them in front of two chairs at his table. He took one seat, then gestured to the one opposite. Castiel obligingly took it, all six wings semi-transparent and drifting through the chair’s spines as he picked up the chilled bottle, studying it. He watched Dean twist the top off his and take a drink, then proceeded to mimic the motions. The angel seemed to be considering the taste as Dean ordered, “Start from the top. Where are you from? Why doesn’t anyone know about you? Cliff Notes, not full version, we can do that later.”
Today was supposed to be
Dean's small home office was tucked next to a dining room, a bit neater than the one at his business, but a bit dusty. He had a basement too, even more dusty, and was apparently only used for sparse storage. Castiel found himself envisioning setting up a workshop in the area before stopping himself. He didn't want to take advantage of Dean's offer, not yet anyway. At the very least he should wait until Dean met the kids before he started planning where to shelve his potions.
“Cas, English please,” Dean urged, tone placating. It wasn’t until then the Omega realized his threat had been bellowed in Russian.
So as the female reared her head back, jaws and forked tongue coming out in a gruesome display, Benny took her head off with one swing. Her body fell sideways, and Castiel stared up at him with wide, surprised eyes. As he slowly sat up, Benny reached a hand down. The angel grasped it, still watching him as the vampire helped him to his feet. He seemed to be wondering why Benny had saved him, not that the vampire was going to tell. When he turned back to Dean, it was to find him wearing a wide-eyed expression. Right then Benny knew he’d made the right call. Not just because he knew Dean wouldn’t kill him now, but because he wasn’t sure the human would have kept going if he’d let the angel die. He knew that look, knew the expression behind it. It was what he’d felt, right before they’d cut off his head, as the old man had torn into Andrea’s throat.
Dean groaned softly, stepping back and letting his hands slide from the Omega.
“They are your parents,” Gadreel protested.
When Dean finally looked at him instead of the asphalt, he leaned in to peck his lips, smiling as he pulled away.
The Archangel smirked. “That’s part of why I came out here. I felt it break, again. There’s this teeny, tiny crack out in the garden. This one showed up about twelve hours before I got word a Knight of Hell had been killed. You know that’s all it takes to break a trap.”
"They displayed concern when you dropped off the map as your cousin did." Glancing at Castiel he added, "Your parents are still distraught over your departure."
“You sure?” Dean asked, looking uncertain.
After a beat of hesitation, Hannah added,
“Mr. Winchester has not been disruptive. Neither of them.”
"Oh."
“Yeah. What’s changed?”
“He has recorded videos on Baby before,” Castiel continued, ignoring him and focusing on the camera. “But the shortest one was over an hour long. Since he insists on making it a single documentary and not breaking it up into parts nothing will be posted until he get can get it down to at least forty-five minutes.”
“Who is Bobby?”
“Jerk.”
“It doesn’t matter if it was an accident,” Castiel shot back. “I spent weeks working on that research paper, Dean. Weeks.”
That said, Castiel also realized the foolishness of this. There weren't exactly an abundance of dragons around, let alone Alpha dragons he was attracted to. He'd met several in his travels, and many had been the cause of his departure from a country. He'd heard of his kind mating humans, but not when the Omega was the dragon. Something about ego issues. Not to mention he doubted an average human would fulfill the protection requirements.
"Dunno. Complete mystery. Do you have the parts?"
"You already did," Dean informed him coldly.
Dean huffed as he was dumped flat to his back, his basketball shorts slipped off his hips and down his legs. Castiel somehow managed to get them over is clunky boot in mere seconds. Dean sucked in a sharp breath, then bit back a whimper when his mate growled softly at the sight of his underwear. His mate had always seemed to delight in the shy Omega’s kinks. Among those were panties, which he wore as often as he did boxers. He honestly hadn’t thought he’d be getting laid today, but they were comfortable and he’d been in the mood to feel sexy this morning. Now he was very glad he’d put on the pink silk bikini, a tremor running down his spine as he saw the look in his mate’s eyes.
“Kinda hard right now, Sammy.”
The Angel wasn’t entirely sure why Dean had gone from a rough if caring manner to pouting on the couch. Writing it off as one of the Demon’s oddities, he went to pick up the list. Between the food, the rest, and having tight muscles loosened, now was the best time to go and do his supply run while he could. Even when Dean was in better condition it still would be up to him to do it. When he left the wards, it would have to be when Gabriel came to fetch him.
“Wasn’t any of you ass-monkeys, that’s for sure.”
“That’s gonna be all for now. This is the last of the holiday specials for the time being. If you like what you say, like, comment, and subscribe down below. Travel safe, the weather can be freakishly frightful this time of year. Happy holidays, whatever you celebrate and wherever you are. Stay safe, Gotham!”
“You’re telling me. So we’re up late getting this stupid tree set up. We couldn’t even put anything on it because it was almost midnight by then. We go to bed, and just as we’re getting to sleep we hear something downstairs.”
“So we’re safe?”
“Fine, uh…I like a lot of things about it. But I guess my favorites would be the food and spending time with family.”
“No.”
"Nothing." She was just happy he was here.
Dean didn’t say anything, but his ears were still pink, and he looked decidedly uncomfortable. After a few moments of this Castiel took mercy on him, turning off the camera. They rode in contented silence for a time after that, hands still together.
Even as a hand threaded through his hair, cupping his skull, another sliding around his waist to draw him closer, Castiel wondered if sex would be the same. He stowed it away for future pursuit. For now, he simply enjoyed the moment. One of his own hands clung to Dean's shoulder, the other coming up to brush his cheek, stroking his hair, running down his arm and over his chest.
“I was looking for a present for
Dean groaned, swinging his legs over the bed's edge. "Never mind. Come on, get moving. We gatta get there by midnight."
“Wait for dinner,” Dean called absently.
“What’d you shift into?” Sam blurted, tone verging on exasperated.
He drifted in and out of sleep, not bothering to try pushing the Alpha off him. The weight, the warmth, the scent...he couldn't remember the last time he felt so content inside a heat. Even so, it felt right. Like he'd finally found true tranquility in this ever-changing world.
The Seraph had gone very still as Gabriel spoke. “Twelve hours,” he repeated. “He keeps breaking it, but that’s the biggest gap between him doing so and my arrival. Why would he not leave, then?”
Dean smiled wryly. “Ishim’s only doing it to get you off the battlefield, you make him look bad. Plus he’s gotten my detail a lot lately, and he knows he’s a dead fucker if he kills me.”
“I said he’s my brother.” He was quiet for a beat, then added, “Always knew he’d do better. Live longer. Nice to have it confirmed is all. Kill the light before you finish me, would ya? Last request?”
"Nothing bad."
“You know, I was starting to believe you weren’t one of those flying monkeys with a stick up their ass.”
“You could have done better.”
“I’m aware. But- “
“Yes.”
Slowly Dean trudged out, making his way upstairs. Castiel returned to his post at the table, taking up his scissors once more. As he worked the shower ran for a while, then after some thumping around Dean went quiet. It was just as well, Castiel had traded shifts to allow time for this but Dean had spent all day in the shop. Not to mention he'd just slogged through a battery of assignments and tests. He would be tired, and if Sam's accounts were correct then it wasn't uncommon for supply runs to last for hours. Seeing as his brother had been his drafted assistant for virtually every run leading up to this point Castiel took his word as gospel.
“Missed you too. I would have found you, you know I would have, but….”
“Yes,” Castiel agreed. “If those were the only types of fan you had I would be much less adverse to the idea of recognition.”
“Don’t speak to the commander in such a fashion,” Hannah protested, bristling. She always was a stickler for protocol. It could be problematic at times.
Dean stuck a hand in front of the vents. “It’s getting there. I think Mom threw some hot cocoa in the snack cooler.”
“You really shouldn’t speak on what you don’t know,” Castiel stated coldly. “Isn’t that what you told us so often growing up? Take your own advice, mother. You don’t know Dean any more than you knew me. This is not a choice I made lightly, but I do not regret it, nor will I change my mind.”
Unable to bear it anymore, Dean bellowed,
"And you remember the roll Alphas have in our breeding process?"
The younger Omega kept going, remembering that moment of primal terror when her redirected spell at Charlie. Only when Naomi was screaming, three more ribs popping like twigs, did he let up. His stone medallion still bore down, pinning her, draining her, but stopped trying to crush her chest.
“My old boss got worried I was getting too big for my britches. Thought I might kill him.”
“Doesn’t that usually involve murder?”
Sam stopped, turning to look at him worriedly. "Did something happen?"
him?”
"Yeah, but why are you in my bed?"
“Yeah, but you guys haven’t seen our yard,” Dean informed the camera. “He’s got these gardenia bushes growing in front of our house, which smell awesome by the way. All trimmed and manicured-looking. Our backyard is this freaken’ bee’s paradise. How many types of flower do you have back there again?”
“If you’re so grateful, how about patching me up?”
“No. Why would I?”
A decidedly proud smile graced his lover’s face. “That’s her.”
“Cas said he knows you?”
“How’d it go?” Dean hummed, wings curling around him.
“Shut up.”
The cashier looked at him oddly when he dumped everything on her counter, but she rang everything up and he paid. From there he crossed the street to the dollar store, where he acquired a few more bags of foodstuffs. He ended up having to make two trips, dumping everything at the cabin and going back out again. This time he went to the gas station, his new target fluids. A pack of water bottles, and two large glass bottles of alcohol. Whisky, since while he was partial to vodka, Sam’s stories had always mentioned that instead. These were also to shut the Demon up about whatever pain he was in, and possibly for Castiel himself depending on how things went.
“The wings and horns won’t set you off?”
“No. Just answer the damn question.”
“Yes. I am pleased that you’ve been so successful, but I’m proud of what you’ve done.”
“I passed old traces on my way to you. I think you’re close to something, you might have missed it from the air. Perhaps we should split up, cover more ground.”
His husband groaned softly. “Decorating? Seriously?”
It took Balthazar longer than it had Gabriel, but not by much. His eyes widened when it clicked. "You left an Alpha alive? Why? We kill them. You said we had to."
The Omega tilted his head, studying the windows. Mmm, it'd been a while since they'd been fogged up in this fashion, but then it
“Please don’t call me sir,” Dean groaned. “And don’t apologize to me, I’m not the one you insulted. Apologize to him.”
“Very well.”
"Missing something?"
He made his way downstairs, following Ellen to the kitchen. He paused by a window, counting heads and making sure all was well. Charlie was trying to get as high as she could so she could jump off a swing, Balthazar was clambering around atop the monkey bars, and Samandriel was climbing up to the slide. Dean and Jo were stepping outside to join them when he turned his attention to the kitchen table, where Bobby already sat. Ellen took a second seat, a mug sitting in front of a chair directly across from them.
“Like we talked about, I guess.”
“Smart move. Come on, Cas, share would ya?”
“The only one who will be leaving is you.”
“You will not harm him. You will not attack him. Understood?”
Dean didn’t say anything, just yanked his weapon free and stalked onward, face set in hard lines.
Castiel's jaw tightened.
“Don’t call me babe!” He grabbed what he’d been told was a bedpan and hurled that too.
He turned away from the table, watching as Dean set the lid over the simmering pot.
The Demon was waiting for him when he came, grabbing him by the lapels and pulling him into a very sensual kiss the moment the door was shut.
Castiel considered this. “We can do some now, then more whenever you get bored.”
As he slowed his pace, walking alongside his husband, Dean read off, “’Who does most of the housework?’ That’d be me.”
This newly transformed humanoid cocked their head at him, then turned still glowing eyes to their own left arm. As Dean watched, they rolled up their sleeve to bare their forearm. All the lights were out, even the emergency lights, but his night vision had gotten good about the same time he’d started seeing cancer. His throat went tight as he recognized his own name, ‘Dean Winchester’, scrawled in his own hand in what looked like black pen.
he assured them.
Smiling, Castiel led the way towards the hiking trail. Their plan was to hike up the trail this morning then head back in the afternoon. If all went well they’d actually make it to the top of the ridge before Dean could beg a lunch break. Last time they’d done this particular trail he’d managed to go through their lunch and most of their snacks by the time they reached the viewpoint. Castiel was bound and determined that they make it to the trail’s end by the time he fed his husband lunch, and that they didn’t run out of food halfway back down the trail. Dean had been surly and hungry by the time they’d driven home last time. Accordingly all the food and the small padded lunch bag with their sandwiches was in his backpack while Dean carried a majority of their other supplies.
Castiel was reaching for the first buggy when Margie's machine began to print the receipt. He was used to this taking mere seconds, so he didn't think much of it. But when it kept buzzing he turned to look, and his eyes widened yet again. Dean was being handed the end of what was already a yard of receipt, Margie holding a section near its middle as it continued to spool out. She wasn't able to tear it off until a full six feet of white paper had been printed, the entirety of it covered with numbers. It took Dean a moment to get it folded up enough to stuff into his binder, which he tossed onto the least burdened buggy and began the process of getting all four out the door.
"That's not your call to make, Omega," John growled.
“Still clear, chief. What’s taking so long?”
Garth looked scandalized. “Of course we do. It’s your birthday, and it’s a big one. You sure you don’t want anyone to stay over, just in case? If something happens- “
With that war cry the rugaru in front of him sprang, eyes boiling with rage. Benny simply sidestepped and swung his blade, one more headless body dropping to the ground. That done, he turned his attention to his companion. He was a survivalist, he did what he had to, a natural skill that had evolved when he’d gotten here. For that reason alone not only was he alive, he had a way out.
Castiel grinned. “This is extraordinary. I can’t believe you love me. I mean, I still don’t get why you didn’t say anything--”
Despite his confusion, Dean found himself bolting into the dense forest along the road.
A sword with a gem-crusted hilt was discarded nearby, strewn several feet from the squirming pile of men. It glimmered half-heartedly in the daylight. The weapon was surrounded by thin shards of glass, forming a broken and jagged halo on the floor.
Castiel snuffled and let his eyes slide closed.
Dean nodded. “Sounds good. So, how’s school been going? I already know the basics, ‘course, but feel free to fill me in on any details.”
(a shuddering breath, then)
--and Cas is no longer sleepy. He's shocked, confused.
“I’m sorry, honey,” Mary said. “I just wanted you to live a normal life.”
“Dean!” Cas gasped, albeit weakly. “She’s a dryadic witch. I highly doubt she spends too much time working with… freaky limb-growth magic.”
The theatrics had grown stale, all within a week or two of the first player’s flubbed rescue mission.
for unspoken intimacy, even if they weren’t—
Soon enough, Castiel had begun to shovel his driveway. Dean couldn’t read his expression. Still, he had the feeling it wasn’t pleased. Poor guy’s flight must have been cancelled. Then again, maybe his family came to terms with what a gigantic asshat their relative was and uninvited him.
Cas stands by his locker, lost inside the endless skies of his mind. He pictures Dean and himself; he pictures their first kiss (still pending), he envisions Christmas together, he sees them finally going out, hand in hand, in public.
Shaking his head, Dean all but scoffed. Still, Castiel knew well enough not to take offense. “Hell no. Got that sorted out a few years back, thank fuck. ‘Course, turns out, the whole demon part wasn’t exactly refundable. I brought a pretty damn quick end to my military career, as soon as the impulses leveled out. Still, turns out, havin’ the ex-ruler of the Infernal Realm adopt you as his sole surrogate offspring… yeah, well, it sorta tethers you to this sorta thing. And that’s how I got myself where I am now.”
Gabe's expression conveyed a mixture of simultaneous disappointment and suspicion.
He remembered riding back to the Infernal King’s estate, which was all but shrouded by a tangle of branches and ivy. He remembered burrowing his face in heavy wool, nearly lulled to sleep by the gallop of Dean’s stead. He remembered the bite of the cold air, the weakness in his limbs, the almost jarring warmth of the king’s home. He remembered Dean’s firm grip on his shoulders as Castiel was guided inside.
“Bye, Dean.”
I don't belong here, not anymore. I hardly ever did. And you've always known that, haven't you?
Castiel nodded, barely reining in his smile. “I do. You see, I have good reason to want to… see my father. I would love the opportunity to witness, first-hand, the outcome of his poorly conceived scheme. The moment he realizes what he’s done. I would truly enjoy seeing the man suffer that humiliation, even if just for a moment.” He hesitated. “And I would like to see my brother, Gabriel. I want him to know that I’m all right, and that he’s free to visit the Infernal estate. If he’d like.”
as far as
The pair made their way to their room, Dean humming Metallica underneath his breath. He didn’t even notice the amused look Castiel was giving him.
Sam’s eyes widen. “Oh,” he says. “That makes more sense.”
“Cas? You back here?”
Castiel left the room.
(to Empty!Cas)
“Cas?” Dean said, frowning and stepping deeper into the room. “Were you crying?”
“Dude, don’t apologize. We can play a cheesy board game if that what you wanna do.”
Sam pauses, gears turning-- not quite there.
At that point, Dean had thrown open the trunk - which, he’d thankfully left unlocked. He’d have to pat himself on the back for that potential disaster later.
MACIE
Dean nearly gagged on his beer, sputtering onto the countertop. “Dude, way to lay it on thick. Hell,” he grumbled. Still, the chuckle that followed was light.
Thank heavens, no one seemed to have taken note of his mistake. Certainly not Gabriel, who clearly had other priorities, following
tragic curse, after all. I’m sure your first-hand assessment will be more useful to me, here.”
(then)
He could call Sammy.
The pair of hunters sat on the edge of Castiel’s bed, speaking softly.
started the “nonsense,” although the silence put a strain on each member. Again, something the Hereafterian King seemed to overlook, despite the visible grimaces.
The room was quiet, aside from Summer’s light snoring.
Castiel plucked a loose thread from his sleeve, eyes cast down; not in fear or reverence, but rather, he’d already retreated so far into his own head that acknowledging another person seemed too much to handle. “I’m all right, Gabe, I promise.”
CASTIEL
On his
Wait, wait... "we"? Is...?
“Hey, we all good over there, Cas?” Dean asked.
Several hours of lying awake later, however, and Cas had to admit that he was a bit miffed.
very desensitized skin. He swallowed, unmoving, eyes drilling into the scene ahead. After waiting another moment, Charlie flicked Cas in the bicep. He flinched out of sheer habit.
Ellen had been polishing dishes behind the bar. She glances up at Dean and Castiel, flashing a brief smirk. “Be right there, boys,” she calls back.
To his surprise, Summer only shook her head. “No. After what I’ve gone through, I feel like I could believe anything. Maybe the experience has just made my gullible, I don’t know. But I’ll accept ‘angel’.”
Castiel huffed, yet drifted closer to Dean. “There’s so much wrong,” he said in an undertone. Barely audible to his friend’s ears.
now, Castiel,” Chuck sneered. “At least, I can only hope you still do, after this. Don’t you think it’s about time to stop acting like a child throwing a tantrum? Hm?”
As a direct result, Cas and his siblings were kicked out of the house and sent to live with their verbally (and sometimes physically) abusive mother. This arrangement lasted until Cas was fourteen. That was when Gabriel, then eighteen, and Cas decided to move out on their own. Not only had he lost contact with his dad against his will, Cas knew now that his mother would never speak to him again.
Castiel nods from behind, although he knows that Dean doesn’t see him.
The next day was typical between the pair. Each went to classes and work, and went about their daily routines. Castiel refrained from mentioning that he had woken up that morning with his arm thrown over Dean. Dean refrained from mentioning that he had been awake to notice.
“A vengeful spirit,” Castiel continued, drawing Dean out of his daze. “Most likely.”
No cell reception in the big Empty, if that's what you were wondering.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean sighed, continuing to stare out the large window. Christmas Eve was going fantastic. The party consisted of a large chunk of Dean’s family and friends, and was a blast so far. Sure, Mary had pulled a few attempts at embarrassing him, but it came from a place of love. The much Dean knew for sure.
Yes, of course! He's on a
Both Dean and Summer turned to look at the angel.
Charlie couldn’t hold back another squeal.
Dean gave his partner a nod and sat the can down beside his feet. “So, we just gotta go pyro on the thing? Or, ah, finish going pyro on the thing.” Dean cocked a grin, only to be met with furrowed brows from Castiel.
Dean moves to his door, is stopped by Sam--
“Don’t say that. Don’t ever say that,” Castiel said, confidence seeming to appear out of nowhere. “Dean, if there really is such a thing as an ‘ideal romantic candidate’, no one suits the title better than you.”
Dean trudged through some of the snow covering his walkway before pausing. He turned to Castiel, who hadn’t seemed to have seen him.
The Winchester averted his eyes for a moment before speaking. “Yeah, uh… yeah. Y’know what, fine. I’ll go. Just one meeting for now, okay?”
mate, if that wasn’t clear.”
“Homemade EMF meter,” Dean responded, grinning pridefully. “Built it outta a busted walkman.”
Dean looked down and huffed. “Yeah, Bobby. You’re… you’re right. I’ll see what I can do.”
Suddenly, Dean is grinning, a hint of affection behind his expression. He laughs softly. “Dude, I
The group grew silent.
Dean opted to ignore that voice.
CASTIEL
. But, seeing as he would be staying in those lands for the indefinite future, he decided he’d best take in the basics. He’d rather not be ‘that guy,’ flubbing simple customs out of a self-imposed ignorance.
Alfred smiled back. “Nice to meet you, Dean. How did you and Castiel meet?”
“Well, looks like we’re good to go, then,” Dean said with a shrug. “The door locked?”
CASTIEL
Cas notices Lucifer grinning almost deviously as he leans against the arm of the couch.
Before Chuck could respond, Dean cut in, “Don’t mind the horns, Your Majesty. I’ve long since turned away from that
And then there was the fear that Cas would find out via another source - which, would bring the severity of the situation up a whole new level. Gavin seems to have lost any interest in letting the truth fly free, and the rest of the team couldn’t care less anymore.
Charlie clicked her tongue. “He probably just wants to wish him a Merry Christmas. Right, Dean?”
“Uh, yeah,” Dean muttered. “Guess we’ll be drivin’ down separately?”
Jo nuzzled up against Charlie’s side, laughing hysterically.
The car ride is surprisingly brimming with conversation. Dean begins by talking excitedly about how pumped he is to introduce Cas to his younger brother. At first, Cas just listens, nodding when appropriate, a genuine smile adorning his face. After Dean has talked for a bit about why he decided to join the football team, despite minimal experience, he gives Cas a look of pure interest.
powers you have. Wouldn’t I just get in the way?”
“I’ll go get that,” Dean said, taking a few steps back before turning around. He practically dashed toward the door.
Castiel smiled. “You should be thanking Dean. Although I was the one to suggest he use an exorcism, he was skilled enough to initiate it.” He hesitated. “I am sorry that I could not save the others.”
(then, carefully)
EMPTY!CAS
Castiel peered downward. “No. I’m not,” he said, looking back up and directly into Dean’s eyes. “Could you really not tell?”
“It works, if that’s what you’re thinking,” Dean sighs as he lifts the contraption, finally setting it onto his bed as the mattress retaliates loudly. Cas notes that a record has already been set up in the player.
Castiel gestured to the edge of his mattress, the bed still neatly made. Likely untouched since his departure. “Sit, or pull out a seat. It’s a bit convoluted, but I’ll try to explain, as best I can.”
Dean chuckled. “What do think I’m gonna say?”
Dean’s face flushed. “Um, yeah, sorta. I wasn’t gonna press too hard for it, but when you suggested that truth or dare idea - well, I kind of just rolled with it.” Dean finished with a vaguely embarrassed smile.
Jolting upright, the voice hit Castiel like a full-body left hook.
Castiel was chuckling, now. “I’m supposed to be the one who apologizes for nothing, am I not?”
“I like Ellen,” Castiel starts. “She’s seems like a very nice woman.”
Castiel sat up. He reached out, steadily, to take the small box from the other man. He caught a glimpse of Dean smiling gently as his hands made contact.
“Suggest something? Um, sure. Shoot.”
(delighted, giving scritches)
CLAIRE
Castiel was sitting on his passably comfortable mattress, cross-legged. He was staring straight ahead, until Dean said his name.
Cas? You coming, Sunshine?
DEAN (V.O.)
It was either instinct or adrenaline, he wasn’t sure. Dean found himself sweeping around, swinging the iron rod without a second thought. He hadn’t had the chance to see the figure in its entirety, but he did catch sight of blue mist. This was accompanied by a faint cackle.
About sixty minutes into the three hour drive, Dean felt himself pulling over to the side of the road. His hands were shaking. What has doing? He had to talk to someone about this.
Oh, how Castiel wished there had been a more promising option.
“If you do this…” Dean muttered, scrubbing his eyes. “You gotta know that I’m coming with, right? I ain’t gonna stop you, ‘cause I ain’t in charge of you. But you sure as hell aren’t gonna do this alone.”
Castiel hesitated, although he had to ask. “I’m assuming he doesn’t know anything about me? Do you think he’ll be upset with our situation? Or, even, unhappy that you’ve taken on a…
--and Claire hugs Cas. Brief, but tight. Full of relief.
“You know what,” Dean said, sitting up straight. “Sure. C’mere.”
(then)
“Oh.”
Amazement, but not surprise--
CASTIEL
As Jimmy was hugging the other boy, he muttered, “If you drop out, I’ll kill you.”
Dean sat down on the couch beside his friend. “Not just that. I mean, dude, I’m driving you for a good three months. But I wasn’t able to see you because of some bullshit policy. What if one of us is on our deathbeds, and the other can’t see them? I’m tellin’ you, that isn’t happening.”
Eileen snorted, mirroring her brother-in-law. “Oh? Interesting. Well, by all means, tell us more.”
Dean doesn’t let go of Cas’s gaze, no matter how vindictive it is. Deans sees a hurricane brewing in his boyfriend’s eyes.
? I mean, it’s morally questionable, but it makes sense. There are a lot of witches out there who aren’t just practicing white magic, Cas. And sometimes it ain’t easy just to weed those ones out.”
The bedroom door flew open.
Castiel woke up sprawled across his bed, crying.
“Holy shit! I figured it out!” At the rear of the crowd, slouching deep into his seat, Lucifer was tearing up with laughter. “Fuck, this is too good. And I thought this whole thing was just gonna be another formal waste of my time.”
He really is one stubborn son of a bitch, isn't he? Dean and his trusty self-sabotage regime.
A neatly groomed, inky black mare, currently stationed within a narrow pool of moonlight; that was the first visual Castiel could make sense of.
Cas smiles back, chuckling slightly. “Are you sure this isn’t… too early in our relationship for us to feel this way?”
“Yeah, buddy, I’m gonna need you to elaborate.”
That night, Dean was about to lay down to sleep when there was a knock at his door. A calmer knocking than what he had heard previously.
