“I’m sorry,” The detective pants out between them. “It feels really nice.” Sherlock rolls his hips into the muscles of John's thigh.
“You’re mad! Absolutely mad! How did you expect to test all these things?” John’s stomach flutters erratically, his mind screaming at him to find a way out.
“I’m just trying to have a conversation.” An uncomfortable laugh escapes the doctor as he tries to deescalate the situation.
“If you’re going to sleep here be sure to turn off the light.” The doctor gets comfortable, back facing the detective.
He releases his grip on John’s hands. One lays by his head and the other is placed on his chest. He feels John's heart pound against his hand. Leisurely, he trails his hand upward, cupping his jaw.
“That’s good,” a rough knead makes John confess out loud, an unsteady laugh following. Sherlock leans down, attaching his lips to the warm skin of his friend’s shoulder.
“How do I feel? Why would I feel different? All I feel is a bit sore… You’re not exactly gentle.” John trailed off, a permanent frown on his lips as he rubbed at his jaw.
“Yes.” Unable to help himself, John rises up and presses his lips against Sherlock. Long fingers curl into his hair, their tongues meeting.
“One, you ask mindless questions, which infuriates me. And 2, it’s simply because I did not wish to bother you.” Sherlock’s posture was always proper but right now he seems far stiffer than normal.
“I can’t read this, I can’t possibly read this.” John pushes his own laptop away, avoiding his partner’s eyes.
His clad thighs tense from the effort it takes to not buck up into John’s throat. He feels eyes on him, making him look down. Right as he looks down he feels John’s throat go slack and watches as he closes his eyes. The detective’s chest rose erratically as he pushed up experimentally. A moan came from John, vibrating Sherlock’s entire frame. He thrusted up harder, noticing how John’s hands clench the sheets under either side of his hips.
“Trust me,” he whispers, laying his head against Sherlock’s. With a slow push he was entering the detective, watching his expression carefully. Sherlock’s brows raise, his lips parting. John breaches his friend’s tight entrance and presses in deeper. Sherlock’s eyes lock onto the others lips, his pupils engulfing the color of his eyes. He licks his lips as John curls his finger. Rising up, Sherlock presses appreciative kisses against the other’s lips.
“Don’t say these things.” He grumbled at the detective, eyes still barely open. If they were, John sure as hell could not feel them.
Nothing could explain why this random man agreed to partake in...whatever Sherlock was doing. What is the story behind him getting in this situation? A wild one, John wagers.
“At any point while I’m home you suddenly have the urge to stare at hands, just use me. I don’t want anyone I don’t know in the flat. Just give me a little heads up before you do your weird stuff.” John waves the other off as he speaks, his discomfort reflected in his pinched brows. Sherlock’s silent for a good while before nodding.
“No, no it’s just all the attention my arm is getting.” John’s body turns more towards the other, unconsciously trying to steal the other’s warmth. Sherlock seems satisfied with his answer and nods, continuing his exploration of smooth skin
“Are you angry?” The tone of his friend's voice made his brows knit, a burning feeling beginning to coil in his stomach. He hadn’t realized they hadn’t looked at each other in the eyes for a good while, his mind screaming that it was on purpose.
“Perfect?” John turned to look over his shoulder. Sherlock let out a low laugh, holding his own weight up enough to let the blonde turn over. He didn’t answer, just pressed his lips against John’s.
“Maybe it’s just the drug,” He smiled prettily, tongue coming out to lick his entire shaft as they spoke completely nonchalantly.
“I’m sorry, I know I’m your test subject and all but it tickles. I can’t help it.” Without a reply, Sherlock reaches over John, grabbing the cup of water he got him and dips a finger in it.
“So... would you like my hand or something?” Sherlock nods wordlessly. John sticks out his left hand and returns his attention back to the idiot box.
“I just don’t understand why you find this a matter of importance.” All he wants is to know what the other’s doing without this dance of avoidance.
“I find it weird that your first live house experiment is some bloke and the only thing you do is stare at his hands.” John’s voice echoes defeat, exhaustion settling into his posture.
“Evening Billy,” John says as he enters. Sherlock greets Angelo charmingly, who leads them to their usual table with an amused grin.
“A babbling infant…” Sherlock whispered loud enough for John to hear. He heard the blonde let out an infuriated huff from his comment followed by a tumbling of tomatoes.
“Your thumb was strained at some point in your life due to a sibling inflicted incident. Blackmail I presume? You're unconsciously hesitant about that area to avoid further damage to it, twitching other fingers in defense. But with me, only slightly since you trust me.”
“Do you want me to let you go?” The doctor has no idea what comes over him, but he nips at the back of Sherlock’s ear, feeling him shiver below him.
Oh and who can forget their free dessert! How could someone possibly leave in a sour mood after chocolate mousse?
“It was a joke.” He whispers fondly, rubbing the other’s skin with his thumbs. Sherlock’s legs shift under him restlessly after a few moments, John’s breath hot against his neck. They were so close, chest to chest, lips pressed to pulse. Sherlock’s eyes flutter closed. He muffled the sounds that kept trying to escape. His mind screamed to move away but his body couldn’t pull away from the lips on his skin.
Sherlock’s jaw goes slack with a moan, fingers slipping out. With each thrust his body rocks up, his back arching. He pulls the other in close with his legs, making him thrust into him as deep as he can go. A groan leaves him as John presses right into where he wants him, toes curling.
“You don’t have to- we don’t have to,” The sound of lips on skin stopped before a raspy voice replaced it.
“And what do my hands say exactly?” The doctor is nervous but he has his doubts. How much could he possibly have found in this short time? Nothing interesting, he bets.
Sherlock’s eyes travel over the column of John’s neck, where his hand previously was. He lowers himself a small bit, making John fall back onto his elbows to avoid the detective. Sherlock cages John in, hands and knees holding his weight above the other.
getting hard. Confirming his suspicion Sherlock ruts against his thigh once. A deep heat blossoms in John’s stomach, the action unenxpected and erotic. His hands reach out for the other’s hips, trying to bring him back.
“This might be cold.” John slowly pushes two lubed digits into Sherlock. He leans down, swallowing the detective’s moan as he crooks his two fingers. Repeatedly John presses his fingers against that special bundle of nerves inside of him. Sherlock pants against John’s lips, his body jolting with each press.
“If it’s so simple just call him and tell him what I know you already know. Let’s go out and eat. Then, if you’d like, you can continue whatever your experiment is.”
Sherlock grasps his arm and lowers it down a bit, relaxing the other’s exaggerated posture. He flips John’s hand palm side up, his head tilting as he examines. Gently grabbing the other’s hand from underneath, he uses his other fingers to rake across the skin of John’s hands. Each of the doctor’s fingers were traced down and back up, making the hair on his arms rise. The reaction caught the detective’s eyes, making him stall for only a moment. Sherlock presses his thumb against his thenar, a small pleased noise coming from John. He does it again.
To his surprise, Sherlock plants himself right next to him on the sofa. He usually stays in his room at night when John watches the telly.
“Would Experiment B be dangerous to digest?” The two containers were filled with rat innards. He went against his inclination, deeming it as too inhuman. More so he was too full to ingest anything else.
“What did you put in it?” John’s voice was sharp with anger. In response, Sherlock turns his head to the side.
“I feel like I could beat up the world, do a backflip, and bang someone all at the same time.” The laugh that left John was so genuine his face ached from grinning. Sherlock laughed with him, low but undeniably there. Silence dawned on them as they enjoyed each other’s company.
“Ever stopped to think I’d want this too?” His voice sent a shudder down John’s spine as he sat straighter on his friend’s solid lap.
The digit was pumped in and out of him, his cock jumping at the feeling of it once again curling inside of him.
“I know alot about you, Watson. But now I feel like I know even more.” Irrational fear blossoms inside of John’s stomach, implications making him feel flighty.
John brings his hands around Sherlock’s hips, pressing him firmly against him. He circles his hips before angling his cock to press against Sherlock’s cheeks through their remaining clothes. The feeling was new, the detective hesitantly pushing back. The heat from John’s cock makes itself known, even through sweatpants.
“First… what?” Sherlock felt the other begin to lift up but he quickly stopped him, closing his eyes. He needed to take a moment or he would cum already.
“Bastard.” The detective says without even a hint of malice. John makes his way down the other’s body, his hands spreading Sherlock’s legs in front of him.
The blonde’s anger-filled eyes followed the length of his friend’s pale neck. No matter how hard he tried to not let his eyes wander, they did so on their own accord. He couldn't think, he couldn’t stay outraged, but he also couldn’t breathe.
He kneels up, pulling down Sherlock’s pants to mid-thigh before unbuckling his own, licking at his slick lips.
“Your trigger finger is very stable. As it ought to be.” Sherlock traces said finger as he continues on.
Sherlock lays back, bringing the other man down with him. John’s finger returns, rubbing against the other’s fluttering hole. Nails press into his skin.
“You never say that, so I know something’s wrong.” Sherlock visibly scrambles within his mind before pulling a pillow from beside him, chucking it across the room. It hits the other man square in the face, making him stumble.
“Why else did your whole mood light up when I told you I would do it? That our meal was finished and I wasn’t going to do anything?” John leans up, trying to push Sherlock to deny anything he was saying. It startles the taller into uncrossing his arms.
“Breathe.” Sherlock took in a breath he didn’t know he was holding in. He was trying so desperately to be quiet. His eyes were open, telling everything to John.
“Keep going and I won’t last long.” Sherlock smiled a genuine smile, gripping John’s propped leg and holding it up, getting impossibly deeper.
Glancing over, John watches as the detective sits still for a good while. Sherlock removes his left hand from underneath and lets John’s arm lay limply over his lap. Using his now free hand he drags his nails across John’s palm, down his wrist and watches as it turns a definitive pink, his other hand not leaving the doctor’s pulse.
“Although I have extensive knowledge about the human body, I have never gotten the chance to observe a live human specimen up close. Yes, medically I have seen live tissue with my eyes but I never actually personally...” His statement trails, his eyes averting his flatmate’s.
“Ha…” The detective huffs out, John’s tongue piercing him. He thrusts his tongue inside a few times before pulling out, pressing it flat against his entrance.
“If you wouldn’t mind, I’d like to go further.” Sherlock nods, his body at John’s complete mercy and the other knew this.
“...fuck” John shook his head, the guilt became too much. Sherlock must have felt him pull back but he just pulled him in closer. Wrapping his arms around the blonde’s center he places his lips to the shorter man’s neck, massaging the skin there. John’s lips part, feeling his friend mouth at his pulse. He could feel just how fast his heart was going, his eyes refusing to open. Embarrassment came from the thought that Sherlock could feel it, making his pulse beat even faster. He felt vibrations from Sherlock’s laughter before he doubled his efforts on his neck, making John let out a content sigh.
A full week passed since the uncomfortable ‘arm incident’ happened. The weekend rolls in and Sherlock is itching for a case, or seriously anything, to occupy himself with. Right as John comes through the door Sherlock is up and heading out.
“Prick-” The detective snarked out before being cut off by a choke from another rub to his arousal. With Sherlock’s eyes closed, John quickly descended, mouthing at his bulge through his trousers. He feels the tall man squeeze his hands, letting out a heavy breath. Pushing at him harder coaxes a low moan out of Sherlock.
Sherlock finally wakes up, breathing as though he returned back from sprinting. He sat up, leaning against the wall beside John, taking a moment for his eyes to adjust to the dim lighting. There was a silence in the air that made it hard for John to look away from his twitchy, mysterious friend. Sherlock’s fingers keep scratching at the sheets before curling into them.
“What if I don’t like it?” John chuckles at the worry in Sherlock’s voice. This gets a confused look from the detective. As punishment he stops his movements. With an eye roll John pushes Sherlock onto his back.
“My impulses are making it easier to take you?” Sherlock groans lowly at the thought. The fact that the drug made the other’s body instinctively take him made something primal in him tick.
He brings the glass to his lips and takes the smallest sip and says thank you. Sherlock sighs, walking up to John and grabs his jaw, pouring a regular portion of the wine into his mouth.
“I’m going to need my hands.” The blonde said humorously, hoping to calm whatever nerves the drug in Sherlock’s system is bringing up.
“I can predict the movement you’d make with your hands when cleaning them.” Sherlock releases John’s, moving his own exactly how the other washes his hands.
“It’s true…” A large hand slithered into his pants squeezing at him through his boxers. John’s eyes snapped open in shock, the lower half of his body moving on its own accord. The blonde’s hands move to grip at the hand in his pants but Sherlock took it out himself, gripping at John’s hands with both his own. His hold was strong but there was a slight tremor and that is when John realized just how
How are you this slow?” Sherlock’s voice traveled down the rickety stairs of their shared flat. The detective’s hands were free of burden, quickly busying themselves by pulling off his coat and scarf.
“Look up.” The brunette looked up and John’s heart jumped. Sherlock’s pupils covered almost all its color, making it abundantly clear that drugs were indeed involved.
“You’re reading me now?” Sherlock whispers out. The remark sounds oddly coy like he wasn’t sure if the idea of John actually doing that was a bad thing or not.
Sherlock rolled onto his feet heavily with an irritated expression. He strode towards his friend until he was directly in front of him, peering down. The smaller man stood his ground, bringing his hands to his hips as he waited for Sherlock’s comments.
“Are you okay with this?” John says in all seriousness, the state of their bodies seemingly completely forgotten.
Sherlock walks back into the kitchen pouring himself some champagne before adding the powder. He takes the glass into the living room and sits down in his chair, sipping sweetly at his favorite hard drink.
“What was that for?” John laughs, picking it up and tossing it back onto the bed. Sherlock doesn’t bother to answer. He plants his feet firmly on the mattress, his form curling into his knees as the other climbs under the sheets.
“Mmhm?” John answers before taking Sherlock’s cock down his throat again. The tall man’s legs moved up to frame the blonde’s head, John gripping his flatmate’s thighs as he takes him in all the way, throat fluttering around Sherlock.
He holds out the rest of the water as an offering but Sherlock politely declines, his eyes following John’s hands.
. Noticed when the brunette’s chest began to rise into an almost pant, or the slightest raise of his hips in his sleep to adjust.
What was he going to do for the next step in his experiment? Will the same man come back or another random person? He wanted John to help him initially which is way better than just having some stranger in the flat every time the other was craving information.
Sherlock’s chest rises and falls erratically, John catching a break to move back for air. He lathers a finger in his mouth before pressing it against his hole.
There was a moment of thought behind Sherlock’s eyes. He leans back into his chair and lays his hands across his stomach, giving John what he wants.
“Fine, yes I'm doing great. I know you wanted to see me but- yeah I get it. Okay, the butcher didn’t do it so let the poor bloke go. Yes I’m sure. The blood was really the woman’s but it was put in the butcher’s freezer. The real culprit is the cashier. Bloody hell
The blonde sat up and took the glass cautiously, looking between it and his friend. Bringing it to his nose he pulled back shocked.
“Who knows, maybe this drug you used on me makes you taste like candy.” The taller man scoffed, his faux annoyance completely disappearing when John lets go of his hands and brings it to his underwear.
“Ever been with someone like this?” John gently stops Sherlock and centers him until he rubs against his clothed cock. Their hesitant grinds are hidden under Sherlock’s unraveling robe. John grips both sides of the bottom of his friend’s robe, twisting it in his hands. Pulling down on his new handles, John guides the other’s movements against him.
“Well, John, you are now one of my experiments.” With a slight confirming nod John drinks the rest of his tea as Sherlock exits the living room.
He leaves with a smile and John and Sherlock are left alone. It’s funny how long they have been coming here but never spoke about the very first time. Even the memory of it makes John smile.
Looking up, John sees his friend hiding his face from him. The blonde squeezed their hands as a warning before he came up to the other man’s face.
“Do something, wanker.” John demands. When the doctor tries pushing at the other’s shoulder again, Sherlock snatches both of his wrists. He’s pinned to the bed in seconds, their bodies strung tight at again being so close.
Once the wine touched John’s tongue and Sherlock left, he chugged the champagne. Every little drop made the blonde’s body shiver. It was Sherlock’s favorite but John never much cared for it. The flavor distracted him from the ache in his bones because of his sickness. When the glass was empty, John groaned out in annoyance. He grabbed his phone.
” Sherlock brought his hands to John’s head, moving him up and down along with moving his hips, fucking into the blonde’s mouth. He got a few thrusts in before he felt the need to cum again. He slowed down, trying to explain but the words wouldn’t come out. John slides off him with heavy breaths, lips glistening, eyes red.
“I’m very,” John hums, confirming that he was listening, making Sherlock fall back into his pillows.
“See, now you have goosebumps. Would you like me to turn on the heater?” The world's most clueless detective points at his arm.
No more than a few minutes later, the door gets shoved open by a tipsy detective holding a half-empty bottle of wine. He stumbled towards the bed to sit next to his friend. John holds out his glass asking for a cup but Sherlock takes it and replaces it with the bottle itself.
He slips out, an obscene amount of cum dribbling out. Sherlock’s thighs shake as John flips him back over. The smile wouldn’t leave his face as he notices tears of ecstasy pooling from the other’s eyes. He presses a sweet kiss onto the shaking man’s lips before going down on him. He takes the detective’s painfully hard cock down his throat without hesitation.
In the meantime, the men had started picking up their tools again and were now about to turn back to their duties. In all this dispersed movement, Sherlock saw his chance to pickpocket James’ handkerchief, while effectively creating a bit of a diversion by boasting loudly about how he was definitely going to try
But perhaps his fall had been a blessing in disguise. At least he was in a hospital now, because of his wounds (minor ones, but not completely innocent in his condition). Here, they could wean him off the drugs; take care of him.
John smiled and took both of Sherlock’s hands in his. Sherlock flinched almost unnoticeably at this, but John understood, of course.
He had already determined that Violet would likely not forgive Bob if she found out it was he who had been following her around, especially if she learnt the story behind it. Yet there were at least a dozen characteristics of their personalities that were perfectly compatible with each other. Since that number was much higher than for the average couple, it would be a pity if it didn’t work out between them just because Bob had initially had rather dubious motives to start dating her.
“Well, not much really. He’s a ginger. And he’s got the same South African accent as Bob. I think they came here together, but they don’t seem to be the best of friends, as Bob refused to talk about him whenever I tried to fish for information since.”
After dinner at a tiny bistro that Sherlock happened to know nearby – and where he also transformed back into his usual clean-shaven, dark-haired self in the loo, to the surprise of only one of the waiters (which in turn astounded John)
By half two, however, John reckoned he had to take matters into his own hands. He slipped up to his old room to make a quick phone call to the tea garden and verify that the reservation still stood and hadn’t been cancelled by Sherlock in the meantime.
“Good evening,” John hears himself say, in spite of his plan to sulk. The words sound like a slow motion version of themselves and he briefly cringes at the idea of Sherlock calculating his precise alcohol intake from the degree of slur in his speech.
I’m a killer.” He smiled, then turned to another camera. “But did you know...” He picked up a bowl and held it up. “… I’m a
Sherlock looked at the way the sheets wrinkled around John’s body. At all the little hills and shadows his presence conjured up in his bed.
Sally continued to furiously take notes – a backup for the audio recording, Sherlock knew – as he fiddled with his coffee cup.
There was another long silence, during which Sherlock wondered why his brother was still there. He had his gaze fixed vacantly on John, appearing lost in thought.
Eric stopped and pressed a button outside one of the rooms. “The door-light,” he explained. “Instead of a doorbell, which he wouldn’t be able to hear. He startles if we just barge in.” After a few seconds, Eric opened the door with a key card and let them in.
He sat staring blindly at the computer screen like a fisherman at his bobber. This was the only kind of doing nothing he could stand, and he allowed himself to let his thoughts stray as his eyes stayed fixed on both inboxes.
“You never know, John. She might have anticipated being followed or tracked, and hence have deliberately left a more erratic trail, even though she’d hidden it already. We just have to keep looking.”
Only then did Sherlock become properly aware of their position. John had his legs wide open, knees pointing outward, on either side of Sherlock’s knees.
Sherlock… He felt anger welling inside him, competing with the intense grief that had already settled in his throat.
Thank heavens not sulking. If anyone is going to sulk right now, it’s John and not his idiot brilliant flatmate, thank you very much.
“Jesus, listen, we’ll speak later. I’m arranging security as soon as I can, but I need to go now. They found something in the airing cupboard. Sorry.”
John burst through the door leading into the hospital wing Sherlock was in – Lestrade and Hopkins a few yards behind him – and ran along the corridor, until he reached the door to Sherlock’s room.
John hadn’t even told Harry or Mike yet, or Greg. He wasn’t even sure whether he wanted people to know already. Didn’t it make more sense to wait a little bit, until they’d found their feet?
screamed when he was upset, Mycroft.” Sherlock sighed. There was a distinct lack of logic in all this. “Also, how sure are you that Sherrinford swung the axe
It hadn’t ensured they caught Mary (Rosamund) sooner, or in a neater way, but at least none of their cock-ups could be attributed to poor communication or lack of mutual consultation between the two of them.
“That’s kind of you, but probably not. I’ll pass your offer on, though.” Sherlock took the menu and glanced over the pastries section, deciding it would only be cruel to taunt his brother by ordering one, and put it back. Although the opportunity to taunt Mycroft had used to be a default reason to actually do so, his mission was now the opposite.
With every week that passed, she changed, developed into a more able, more autonomous, more complete human being. This also meant that each time Sherlock and John had just gotten used to a new quirk of hers, it changed again.
During his last visit, they’d sat quietly together and talked about Rosie and how she was growing and how she regularly melted all of their hearts, even Sherlock’s. And how wonderful it was to see her interact with Sherlock, who didn’t even seem to mind looking after her at all.
Sherlock rolled onto his right side to face John and pulled him close, hugging him tightly. He was amazed at the sensation of full-body, skin-to-skin contact and it sent a ripple of pure delight through him.
Chortling, Sherlock headed for the bathroom, where he took some of Hannah’s face cleansing wipes that she’d told him he could use afterwards.
With his other hand, Sherlock held John’s cock, stroking it gently and in the same slow rhythm he moved his finger. Every time he pushed in, he pushed a tiny bit further, until eventually, millimetre by millimetre, his finger was all the way inside.
“Yeah,” John chuckled softly. “Not a moment I’m likely to ever forget. He mentioned something to do with ‘old scores and resentments’ between you two, ending with, ‘You can imagine the Christmas dinners’.”
Or perhaps, in fact, it had started long before that. As funny and as fascinatingly different as her brother had been, living with him had always been… difficult.
“You’ve come a very long way,” Hannah said. She knew it took courage to change your familiar ways, especially when imprinted by your parents.
Sherlock decided to say nothing, as that seemed the best way to get information out of her. So many of the blanks were starting to get filled in now.
her, the fool that he was; had thought she was the one he wanted to spend the rest of his life with.
to do this with him, remarking how she was so much better at this sort of thing. They’d actually had to slow the bloody dog down so that he wouldn’t betray what they were actually looking for.
“It’s alright, Mrs Hudson,” he said, putting a hand on her arm. The plant had only been there for a few weeks. She must have forgotten it was there and knocked it over without seeing.
His eyes were scanning his surroundings for imminent danger. His ears were pricked for unusual noises from outside.
John opened his eyes a crack. It was night. But he could clearly see Sherlock’s face hovering in the darkness, illuminated by his phone. He was probably on a case. Solving mysteries. Saving people.
“Mycroft? He’s fine. I mean, obviously ‘normal’ and ‘fine’ are both relative terms when it comes to Sherlock and Mycroft.”
John felt a strange combination of relief at apparently having been instantly accepted as her son’s partner and awkwardness at her mentioning marriage in this early stage.
Sherlock quickly helped John get the shirt off him and threw it randomly across the room so they could focus on each other again. He then boldly grabbed John’s arse with one hand and pressed his lips to John’s again. John curved a hand around the back of Sherlock’s neck in response, kissing him back, more slowly and gently this time.
He gave up trying about thirty seconds later, when he decided to slip to the bathroom to solve the problem of his throbbing erection by himself.
But his trust issues had, if anything, only become worse with Sherlock taking drugs, so he felt he should see this through until he had found a proper equilibrium between trust and caution. And he was willing to give her a shot.
When the room was quiet again, Sherlock spoke. Very slowly. “John, I know you’re probably confused right now. You’ve been unconscious for five days. You were shot by the woman who was pretending to be your therapist.”
Sherlock was in fact much needier than John had ever expected, and much more physical as well – once he’d gotten past his initial inhibitions. His advances sometimes practically bordered on sluttish behaviour, which made John smile inwardly. (He definitely wasn’t complaining.)
Before they knew it, they had the thing half figured out, in spite of John’s objections. When Mycroft arrived – clearly just back from Sherrinford, Sherlock noticed – and assessed the whole situation at a glance, he was quick to help them come up with a motive for Vivian in the little AU they’d created. “She wouldn’t be the first one to be overcome by an inclination to murder you over your impudent deductions, you know.”
“Yes, well. Thankfully, I’m good and well out of the pit I crawled into,” Sherlock said, casting down his eyes. “Thanks in part to your good care, preventing me from relapsing in the first month.” A faint smile touched his lips as he looked at her, before setting his jaw. “And that Moriarty woman is lucky that John woke up well and sound – even though it did take a few months to recover properly – or she would herself no longer have been
During their long, bumpy – and very, very dusty – ride to India, Sherlock had tried to persuade her to put her skills and intelligence to a good cause, saying Mycroft might want to recruit her if he asked.
For the strangely similar case of the other Six Thatchers, see this link to the BBC’s official website of John’s blog:
Instead, coming back to the present, he became aware of John trying to shift his legs so that they were alternately aligned, clearly uncomfortable with their earlier position.
Sherlock easily let his legs fall open as John caressed the intricate pattern, grinning like a complete idiot. He just couldn’t get over how beautiful Sherlock looked like this, the golden fabric of his dress glistening as it rippled with every small movement, Sherlock’s long eyelashes slowly moving up and down with every blink, while Sherlock seemed completely at ease with himself, and totally unafraid. There was something so shockingly pure about him like this, that it almost made John afraid to touch him. At the same time, he wanted nothing more in this moment than to make love to him, to drive into that gorgeous body until he emptied himself into his pretty arse.
Sherlock pressed a kiss to his forehead and started rubbing his back, in rhythmic, grounding, soothing strokes.
“You do realise I’m not letting you go there by yourself, don’t you?” John looked playful, but Sherlock was very aware that he was dead serious. “I’m not trusting you to just put up a poster near that place without going in to explore the
Sherlock nodded. “I just... wondered how things were going and... and if there was anything I could do.”
Sherlock pressed his lips together in a smile. He put away the dildo and took the lube, applying an ample amount to John’s length, meanwhile stroking away some of his tension.
They went to Hyde Park together, had some lunch at the restaurant next to the lake and then had a quiet afternoon at the flat with hot chocolate milk and homemade cake, which John had baked from a packet.
. Additionally, serial killers are easily profiled. They tend to be social outcasts, educationally sub-normal.”
“Please, Sherlock,” John pleaded again, progressively turning into more and more of a gorgeous, hot mess.
Mrs. Hudson stepped over the threshold, pointing at him with a tiny box she was holding. “I think what you need more than anything is
He must have been able to tell that Sherlock was only staring at him, obviously more than a little love-struck, and not really listening, for he added, “Or would you perhaps like a kiss for starters?”
Even now that Molly knew she was the famous Dominatrix, she still had to look hard to recognise her, with her different hair and outfit.
The skinny dark-haired boy with the dog-paw tattoo flat on his back with his knees drawn up high as the muscled blonde pushed into him. The same youth bent over a desk with the other man slowly entering him from behind, while he turned his head so that they could kiss at the same time. The boy with his back against a wall, his legs wrapped around his partner’s waist as he was being held tightly in place by the blonde, whose hips meanwhile rhythmically moved forward and back.
Sherlock thought for a bit. “No. I need to do this alone,” he said, collecting his last bits of egg onto his fork.
He felt at least twenty years younger, and all his troubles concerning Mary seemed to have melted away in the warmth now filling his heart. For the first time in months, he had something to look forward to again.
Finally, John was learning what it truly meant not only to love, but to trust, fully and completely.
John had finished, in the end, of course, after Sherlock had solved the case (and texted Lestrade from their bed). Sherlock had made sure of that. It had just taken quite a bit of extra effort.
Sherlock’s intense gaze was met by John’s open expression, his jaw set determined although his face was relaxed. Sherlock’s eyes were smiling and it was the most beautiful thing John could imagine ever seeing. Did he do this to Sherlock?
“Marcus,” his brother answered, with moist eyes. Then, shyly, “That’s the first time I’ve mentioned his name to anyone. Even Anthea knows him only by code name.”
The rest of the day, they took turns lying down and looking after Chloe. But as it looked like John had it worse, Sherlock did the most, so that John got enough rest. Among other things, he played some Christmas carols to her on his violin and let her do some random colouring on the pages of the newspaper he was reading, as she sat on his lap, both of which calmed her down significantly from the fretful state she had been in.
Then John appeared behind her with an enormous chocolate creation, messily decorated in bright-coloured sprinkles and several candles seeming to form the number ‘129’, which momentarily puzzled Sherlock.
John pulled Sherlock closer towards him in the bath and tried to give in to being vulnerable like this, with Sherlock on top of him while his legs were spread open. Sherlock had been so trusting, had let him in, literally. Why was it so hard for him to do the same? “I love you,” John whispered. And before Sherlock had a chance to reply, John trapped his mouth in a slow and deep kiss to reinforce the message.
His gaze trailed off to the way the man’s muscles rippled throughout his back with every movement he made and Mycroft involuntarily marvelled at its intrinsic beauty – only to then be struck by the folly  that he should find such a trivial thing aesthetic. Maybe he was trying to understand what Sherlock felt for him, for this. But deep down, he already knew. He could see it.
After having swallowed the pills, Sherlock noticed John flexing his hand and pursing his lips. John then put his mug on the table beside him, and grabbed the chair arms.
Just before their trip to Norway, Sherrinford had told Sherlock he had decided he would indeed like to move to the London care home they had visited together. Of course, Sherlock had already put him on a waiting list there long before, just in case. And luck had it that he had been offered a place there already for the new year, as one of the current residents happened to be moving back to Scotland. The move was only six weeks away.
Until one day, Jim read about him in the papers. Holmes had turned out to have specialised in exactly the same thing as Jim had, albeit from two different ends of the periscope. And so Jim had finally found an interesting opponent to test his strengths against whenever there was a lull in his other projects.
After that, John was quiet for a while. He frequently scrunched up his face, though. Was he having a nightmare? Should Sherlock wake him up?
The sun shone brightly in the September afternoon, as she walked to 221B from the tube station. She was even sweating a little by the time she arrived. When she rang the bell, it took a while before Sherlock appeared downstairs.
It appeared they had silently agreed that they were equals now, and Sherlock finally no longer needed taking care of. At least it was the concrete start of an actual change in their relationship, however small.
John carefully kneeled between Sherlock’s legs and started showering his cock with attention in the form of gentle strokes and kisses. Soon, Sherlock slipped in a second finger. Truth be told, John was having a hard time concentrating on what he was doing with what was happening just below him. And frustrating as it was, he couldn’t tell if Sherlock’s soft moans were because of
Just then, Sherlock’s voice broke the silence. “I think I’m done practising, John,” he breathed, decidedly flirtatious now. “Would you like to have a go?”
Sherlock had already grabbed the fake gun from his tool belt and pointed it at James as he walked closer toward him, motioning for him to let go of Arthur and step away from the boy. “You. Over there.”
“I thought you’d never ask.” John grinned. They walked past Saint Paul’s Cathedral as a light drizzle started to descend. “Because Janine was right, you know,” John said. “I think we could use a little getaway. If nothing else, to get out of this horrible weather.”
He remembered, as if it were yesterday, the night he’d sat at Sherlock’s hospital bed after Leinster Gardens, waiting for Sherlock to wake up. From one day to the next, he’d found out that his wife was a freelance assassin who worked for the highest bidder, acting contrary to everything he stood for. And on top of that, it had turned out that she had been the one who’d made him fear for Sherlock’s life once more, just a few days earlier.
In a way, it was slightly unnerving to experience the monumental shift that had taken place between them. Rather than ignoring John or even forgetting he was there, as Sherlock usually did, he now seemed to keep a constant eye on him, checking that he was still there, still okay with this, still interested in him. John noticed this by the self-conscious way Sherlock kept flashing brief glances over to him, invariably ending with the beginnings of an almost invisible smile.
There was only one thing John wanted at the moment, and it was not to try on the stupid dress. He needed to get off so badly that for a moment he considered seducing Sherlock into giving him a blowjob, but they were in a shop, for fuck’s sake.
Oh, and there was actually a tiny Cabin Pressure reference in this chapter, although I’m afraid it might be almost impossible to catch… Let me know if you still did! (It’s two lines from Martin and Douglas that are mirrored here by Sherlock and John, although in a rather different context.)
The world was an ugly, empty place without Rose in it. Which was strange, really, Eurus thought, as Rose had abandoned her a long time ago. Twice.
! I see some lovely new ladies!” shrieked a voice from across the hall. John swallowed as he tried to keep his face neutral. Sherlock, however, went into full feminine overdrive mode, swaying his hips forward and his shoulders back as he enthusiastically waved one limp hand at the men.
As soon as he’d said it, he internally cringed at the idea, above all of him and John being ‘brothers’. But, well, maybe he should accept that that
At those last words, Sherlock had at least been quick enough to dodge the bullet fired his way – and through a stroke of luck, he’d apparently stumbled in such a manner that the man thought he’d been hit.
“Alright, let’s go and find some fancy snacks as well, then,” John said. “It seems we have a lot of important stuff to celebrate, today.” And he gave Sherlock another long, lingering kiss.
“I do need to get up extra early tomorrow,” Sherlock said slowly, “to personally ensure that you reach orgasm without having to use your own hands.” He smiled bashfully, very much aware that regardless of everything else, that was the first issue he had to set right.
She remembered how she had loved the visits from her own aunt, Vivian, who had always done fun things with her and John and had shown her that not everybody saw the world in the same way her parents did. Who had bought them Mivvi ice lollies in the park, because she didn’t think they were a waste of money.
And it helped, God, it really did. John hadn’t known he was so susceptible to these kinds of affectionate gestures himself.
you out me to them, when you’ve never even come out yourself?” he growled. “Should I call them right now, and tell them about Marcus? How
Sherlock loved nothing more than this: to lie on his back with John on top of him, holding him, alternately looking down at him in reverent wonder or fervidly kissing his neck and shoulders as he drove into Sherlock, caressing him from the inside, panting as he lost himself inside of him. The feeling of luscious fullness and being wanted like this were addictive new sensations and Sherlock couldn’t imagine how he’d ever lived without it.
All he knew for certain was that he needed a pint, and fast. And first thing in the morning, he was going to solve this wretched case, by himself. At all cost did he have to avoid coming face to face with Sherlock Holmes or John Watson for the next ten years or so.
they would get together,” he said, letting his fingers dance over Sherlock’s skin. “Might actually have encouraged it.” There was now a decidedly proud smirk on his face.
He looked at Mrs Hudson, who thankfully was deeply absorbed in her crossword, oblivious, probably presuming he’d just clicked on a random video or some ad.
What was more, now that he gave it proper consideration, Sherlock realised that John didn’t seem to be looking over his shoulder every ten seconds anymore, like he had often been doing the past couple of months. Although he was obviously still quite a bit more nervous and paranoid than Sherlock was, John had definitely lost a significant amount of his anxiety.
She moved slightly forward in her chair and furrowed her brow. “But now comes the interesting bit. The other day, I got so fed up with the whole business, that when he was behind me again as I was on my way to work, I decided to just turn around and approach him. He panicked, started running back the way we’d come – which is when I noticed the snowflake on his back – and then he suddenly dashed into a silversmith’s workshop. I was certain I’d cornered him and decided surely it would not be unsafe for me to follow him into such a posh shop. I swear I entered the tiny shop only seconds after him. Imagine my surprise when he wasn’t there!” She paused, her eyes wide. “There was just the old man behind the counter, working on some piece of jewellery. I asked him where the other guy had gone, of course, but he claimed that nobody had come into his shop all morning. There was only one way he could have gone, of course. There was a door in the far wall with a sign that said ‘private’.”
“Right.” The earl pressed his chin to his chest in an apparent effort to will himself to calm down. “Edith and I… used to be quite happy together. She’s always been a bit difficult, in her way, mind, finding it hard to imagine another person’s viewpoint or feelings. That regularly caused conflicts between her and others; but we each had our own activities and interests that we occupied ourselves with and everything was fine. That is, before Arthur was born.”
“Just leave them at the door!” Sherlock replied, wiping them both off as well as he could while keeping up a conversation with his landlady.
“Does he want to find out what she would spend the money on so he can cash in, one way or the other?” Sherlock went on. “Then why would he be following her at 7.30 am when she’s on her way to work? She’s not likely to give any hints as to her hidden expensive taste at that time of day.”
John froze. “God, Sherlock, are you sure?” He crawled back to lie down next to Sherlock and looked him in the eye with a tentative smile and a frown, as he held him. “I mean, it might hurt. I don’t want to hurt you.”
. Having been useless at that was one thing, but being unable to do anything to make up for it now was even worse.
to home. One month and counting. Still, it was definitely one of her less stressful assignments. Even though she had to be on standby for possible murderous intruders at all times, carrying her gun in every waking moment, while simultaneously working as a nanny of sorts (which, to be fair, was a task that Sherlock was now taking over from her more and more), the atmosphere was relaxed enough. Almost cosy.
Sherlock effortlessly rolls on the condom, before looking up coyly at John one more time, as if checking for any last objections. When none manage to leave John’s mouth, Sherlock parts his lips… and goes for it.
Tunnel vision was beyond any doubt and without exception the most unforgivable of fallacies, and it was infuriating that he had managed to be guilty of it precisely in this matter.
. I don’t care you’ve been standing watch at his door the whole time.” He rolled his eyes as Hopkins skilfully weaved through the busy London traffic, their blue flashing lights reflecting off of the cars around them. “What do you mean ‘the door is jammed’?! Jesus Christ. Hopkins,
Just as John was about to take him into his mouth, Sherlock said, “Wait, stop. I want… something else.”
She smiled at him sympathetically. “John,” she said, hesitantly, “you do need some sort of therapy, though, I should think. You need to work through this, somehow. I’m kind of afraid… you know… that rest alone isn’t going to do the trick, know what I mean?”
On John’s part, the avoiding is by no means intentional, though it is rather convenient to the less courageous side of him. He’s not so sure about Sherlock. John had to leave for an early shift the next morning before Sherlock was up and found an empty flat on his return. The following day, Sherlock seemed absorbed in some experiment taking place under his microscope all afternoon, while John ran some errands and did the grocery shopping (each time when he came back in, finding Sherlock still at his microscope), before he left to the pub for a meal with Greg – as he’s been doing every other Thursday since Greg’s wife left him again.
Although, come to think of it, didn’t TD12 have a distorting effect also on previous memories? Could it be… that he had been injected with Smith’s drug?
It had been rather delightful to see Sherlock react to her so tenderly and lovingly, and it had in fact made it a lot easier to come to the decision he’d made. He was moving in with Sherlock, at least until the end of summer, whether Sherlock liked it or not. Someone had to keep an eye on him 24/7 as soon as he was out of hospital, to prevent relapse. John was going to contact Mrs Hudson, Mycroft, Greg, Molly and Janine to take turns staying with him when John was at the surgery. Thankfully he only worked three days a week. He would call them this afternoon, right after giving Rosie her bottle.
(Why he had been stupid enough not to have himself tested as soon as he’d found out the baby was not his, was beyond him. To be fair however, he
After a short while, Sherlock broke off the kiss, seemingly in need of more oxygen than had been available with their mouths locked.
Sherlock swallowed and nodded. John clearly didn’t want to take any chances, which was probably for the best.
That last one was rather weird, John thought. Then again, that didn’t mean much in Sherlock’s case, he supposed fondly. Sherlock was probably crazy busy solving cases left and right, now that John was no longer in the way.
Sherlock decided to experiment a bit more, testing various variables, like flow speed and angle, turning John into more and more of an aroused mess as he went along.
John let his head fall back, looking at the ceiling for guidance – as if to be reminded which side of the world was up and which was down – and took a couple of deep breaths.
On top of which, he was well aware that he wasn’t really that different from Mary, with her clever schemes. John had every reason to shun him. And since Sherlock wanted only the best for John, maybe he should stay out of his way.
“Good thing you know a street in Clapham she occasionally passes through,” Hannah said, from the kitchen, where she was preparing Rosie’s bottle. “When she visits one particular safehouse.”
The other painting pulled even harder at Sherlock’s heartstrings. It showed Sherlock at pre-school age in the garden, studying the grass with a magnifying glass, in the rain, while Sherrinford held an umbrella over him. In the distance, Nanny Forsyth came running towards them, looking absolutely furious.
John loved the shift in their dynamics since they’d switched. He loved to see Sherlock in control in bed, with glimpses of him being on the verge of
. He focuses on getting Sherlock’s trousers down and rolling on a condom, without a trace of hesitation. He’s seen it being done enough to know how to proceed. He’s felt each sort of touch and stroke enough to know the effect.
tears over this. And the way his fist clenched at his side. Both of those things had been a bit of a shock to Sherlock, but one that frankly made him feel less silly about the whole thing, which was nice.
. We had three different teachers come to the house to teach all of us. They were all rubbish. And Sherrinford just wasn’t
Smith stood and walked closer to the bed, pointing towards the door. “Policeman outside, you mean? Come on. Can’t you guess?”
The last body was of a woman who’d been shot on the street outside her home in Soho, according to the file. A police form was attached for her to return to NSY with her findings.
John sat at his bed, just as he had for days on end last autumn. Except that now, Sherlock looked scruffy, dirty and unshaven, and he had a large bulge on his head and a swollen lip from where he’d hit the floor in the morgue.
Eurus agreed with that now. She had finally found her path again these last months, and was becoming more and more focused.
Clenching his jaw, he carefully helped Sherlock out of the car and demanded Mrs Hudson take off the handcuffs. Sherlock’s own, John noticed. (Well, ‘own’ was perhaps not the right term, seeing as he’d nicked them from Lestrade, obviously.)
At least, when Rose had been with John, much later (and only after Eurus was out of Maudsley, of course), it had been somewhat easier to stalk her. Although Rose had also quickly started going on adventures with Amit again, who often dropped by in the UK. Naturally, she had been bored stiff just being a nurse in the suburbs. Even when it had been just Eurus and her together, last autumn, Rose had occasionally left Eurus home alone for days on end. To Scotland, Norway, Slovenia. And Italy, maybe? Eurus wasn’t really sure. Rose had always been all radiant smiles and hugs when she came back and never really talked much about it. She was invariably more cheerful than before leaving, and that was what mattered most. Perhaps because of the loot. Or just because of her fresh adrenaline fix.
They looked at each other for a moment longer, exchanging a subtle glint in their eyes at the excitement of being on a case together. Although a lot of things felt different since last Tuesday, this didn’t.
For the following few moments, Greg just stood there gaping at the two of them, seeming to have completely forgotten why he had come to Baker Street in the first place.
Then Sherrinford got up and carefully reached behind a stack in the corner, picking up a canvas that Sherlock recognised as the African landscape painting that he’d been working on last time. But in this finished version, there was a person in the picture, kneeling down to study unseen bugs on the bark of a dead tree. Dark curls partly obscured the young man’s face, but nevertheless Sherlock almost instantly realised, with a shock, that it was meant to be a teenaged version of himself.
Sherlock missed John from the minute their lips had stopped touching on the corner of Blandford Street, and it made his stomach clench that he had no clue as to when he would see him again. Irritable and tired, he dropped onto the sofa and closed his eyes. As soon as he shut out all visual stimuli, images from the pornos he’d seen the previous afternoon came drifting back into his mind; as they had at several – very inconvenient – moments during the day as well. But this time he didn’t try to push them away.
In the meanwhile, her thoughts turned back to the other interesting project that had presented itself.
Lost in their mutual stare, John felt his heart overflowing with all the emotions he’d been trying to lock inside, jumbled together with random thoughts, observations and hunches from the past. He had tried so hard not to miss Sherlock that it had hurt. He now slowly felt himself disconnect from all his thoughts and from being
“In spite of your insecurities about not living up to people’s expectations, you seem so much better, John.”
Sherlock gave a relieved huff, looking at John with an eager expression, as if he had just conducted an especially successful experiment. Who knew, maybe that was what this was to him. At least this was the kind of adventurousness John would not soon complain about.
Sherlock scrutinised the woman in front of him once more. Rather heavy make-up, shiny, shoulder-length blond hair, long blue dress. Not only was she far less insecure than she’d been fifteen minutes ago; she now seemed to completely lack all self-consciousness. Her face was like an indifferent mask, sooner scary than scared.
Sherlock felt a stone drop into his stomach as various explanations popped into his head, while he was frantically trying to make sense of the meaning of all this.
“Ah, John. Very fortunate timing.” Sherlock stopped pacing the room for a second and flashed a quick but genuine-looking smile at John, before cheerfully continuing on the same breath: “I’m stuck on this case and could use a fresh view, actually. Maybe you can shed some light on this.”
The corners of her mouth faintly quirked up and she sighed. “Good in bed, not so much outside.” She wiggled her eyebrows and shrugged. Then, another short silence. “Listen, I need to go. You hang in there, alright?” She put away her tea cup and turned to John, speaking softly. “You’d better not dare to leave him, John.”
“Yet you remember quite distinctly that your whole life turned on one word, so that happened, I don’t doubt it, but how can that word be a name – a name you instantly recognised that tore your world apart?”
Technically, he hadn’t yet decided whether he was going to use it, per se. But there was great comfort in knowing that he
Trembling, he collapsed on top of John. He buried his face in John’s neck as he tried to catch his breath, holding on to his lover (fiancé) for dear life.
Thank you so much for all the lovely comments in the past weeks. They did make me feel a lot better about the whole endeavour. :)
Something of a worried frown appeared on Sherlock’s face. John could see him mentally heading off in completely the wrong direction in his effort to deduce what Violet wanted to tell him, and smiled.
John was glad he’d been able to finally come out to Harry. He’d never fully appreciated how important it really was to share something that was so essential to himself with someone close to him.
“‘Ostalgie.’ People who miss the old days under the Communists. People are weird, aren’t they? There’s quite a market now for Cold War memorabilia – Thatcher, Reagan, Stalin. Time’s a great leveller, innit? Thatcher’s like, I dunno, Napoleon now.”
When Chloe indicated she was tired of sitting on John’s arm and being in the middle of the embrace, John put her down to crawl around the floor by herself, and kissed Sherlock on the lips.
The therapist held out the phone to John. “I’m so sorry. I answered your phone. You were busy. I think you’ll want to take it.”
Vivian Norbury had been through worse. She felt that to this ordeal, at least, there was a very clear purpose. It was the bare minimum she could do, after abandoning her nephew and niece all those years ago. She was almost glad, in fact, that she had now been given an opportunity to make up for that.
Just as Sherlock was about to close his laptop in frustrated exhaustion – he actually heard his stomach rumble, which it did only when faced with near-fatally low blood glucose levels – he decided on an impulse to quickly look up Violet’s South African uncle before heading to pillage the fridge. A minute later, he let out a low growl, rolling his eyes at himself for not having checked out this link sooner, but all the same an evil spark gleamed in his eye as he gazed at his screen with a wide grin on his face. The guy owned two gold mines. Bob and Jack were gold traders. There was no way this could be a coincidence.
She absolutely adored little Rosie, with her big eyes, sometimes inquisitive and often twinkling with joy. Looking after her brought back happy memories of when Imogen had been that age, when she and Briony had just gotten together.
They leaned their heads against each other, looking at Vivian’s picture together, until a soft, rhythmic, banging sound on their left caught their attention, making them turn to look.
He looked at Sherlock with an earnest frown. “Promise to tell me if it hurts, or if you just want me out, okay? Just tell me.”
She’d strangely lost touch with her aunt, though, several years ago. It was just really tricky to keep in touch with people who didn’t do social media and who expected individual updates.
John deliberately kept moving in a gentle slow-motion, taking his time to plant kisses wherever he could reach; making love to Sherlock as he never had to anyone before.
“I would be ever so grateful if you tried. You see, my son has gone missing.” The earl had to take a moment to recover himself. “The school where he boards called this morning, asking if he had by any chance turned up at home! The bloody idiots thought he’d simply gotten homesick during the night and walked back to Holdernesse Hall, where we live. Well, obviously he hadn’t. So the police were called. It was only several hours later that it was discovered that the French teacher was also nowhere to be found.” He paused, visibly struggling to contain his anger. “The police have so far failed to find any lead at all to either of their whereabouts.”
Sherlock didn’t see any cookbook, laptop or phone that John was reading instructions from. He did, however, on second glance, notice a yellowed old piece of paper with unfamiliar handwriting propped against the toaster.
Sherlock simply didn’t know what it was like to have a younger brother about whom one worried constantly.
When she saw his judgemental frown, she added, “Yes, I’ve already seen the prison doctor and yes, I’m getting all the medical attention I need, you numpty. Now tell me, what has little Rosie been up to, these past days?”
All Sherlock needed to do was have that announcement printed in small poster size and put it up near the warehouse that Eurus occasionally squatted at.
He sleepily thought back to the previous night and the way Sherlock had looked up at him with delighted serenity and hooded eyes, just before John had emptied himself into him.
The director read out Lord Polonius’s lines to continue the dialogue. “Come, go with me: I will go seek the king. This is the very ecstasy of love.”
Well, no need to dwell on the needs Sherlock could or could not provide for him, right now. As close as they were, the man was a lunatic, of course.
It was a bit like waiting for Rose when she had been away. Which had happened a lot. That’s what you got for being such a good shot and an efficient planner, when you worked for Jim Moriarty.
Once they were a few blocks away, Sherlock said, “You were right. As always, concerning people at least.” A fond smile lit up his face as he looked at John.
Was this just Sherlock manipulating him for some purpose? Like he had done with Janine: proposing to her just to get into Magnussen’s office?
“See you next Thursday then! If I don’t hear back, I will be expecting you at four, but don’t hesitate to call if you want to change your reservation. Bye-bye!”
John pushed his lower lip forward. “Sounds like a good plan.” He lounged back on the sofa, taking the cardboard lid off the roast pork. “Let’s assume for a moment you were right about Bob and Jack having made some pact between the two of them. What if Bob then got second thoughts,” John said, shaking his finger at nothing in particular, “once he actually gets to know the girl and really likes her.”
Also, I would like to take this opportunity to thank my amazing betas once again: 88thparallel, mydogwatson, camillo1978 and Jonathan, you are truly indispensable in the creation of this fic! :)
Oh, of course. Dammit. Sherlock had made it look so easy, but the git had probably trained his damn sphincter or something. In fact, come to think of it, he had literally said he had practised, that first time when he’d shown John the dildo.
The reason Sherlock had wanted to come back here was to get a good look at the part of the building where he’d lost James. It had been easy enough to deduce that that corridor must be located below the one that Arthur’s room was in, so the best approach seemed to simply ask to see his room again and then find an excuse to walk back via the lower corridor.
During their previous little outing putting up the audition posters, John had grudgingly realised that he needed his cane again. Not for his leg, but for his blasted spells of dizziness. So he had – albeit unenthusiastically – taken it with him this time.
“Oh, it’s Hannah now,” she replied cheerfully, as she was setting down various bags in a corner. “Please don’t ever use my old name. Security reasons. Irene’s dead, remember?”
“Yes! Very kind, thank you!” Sherlock added, thankful for John’s direction. He needed the man on so many levels.
As he lay there, with his lover’s weight pressing down on him like a super-cosy blanket, mere moments after he’d been inside of John, he pondered how this invasion of Sherlock in his body was fittingly congruent with the way Sherlock had invaded the rest of his life and every other pore of his being. After that first time when John’s arse had painfully clenched, it hadn’t happened again. His body never protested, just as John himself in daily life never resisted Sherlock’s initiatives except after maybe one initial token objection, after which he would always give in and go along with him; and his body had actually responded in the same way to Sherlock’s penetration.
“No, wait. I see,” John said, slowly. “You need to be in disguise to put up the poster, in case Eurus runs into you near the warehouse where she’s hiding.” John looked contented when Sherlock’s expression let him know he had it right.
The bloodcurdling sound of his mum falling down the stairs. Then, the sight of her lying motionless on the bottom step, neck at an awkward angle. Laundry scattered everywhere around her.
(How ironic, that while Sherlock had been out there risking his life, day in, day out, one of his main targets had been safely in John’s bed, of all places.)
He took a few sips of his tea. “Since I happened to be in the neighbourhood, I thought I’d do a young lady a favour. There is this girl in my yoga class--”
The unfamiliar burning sensation and the strange feeling of fullness, combined with John’s panted breaths and whispered endearments in his neck, all made him feel grounded in a way he’d never experienced before.
Once the bed was flat, Smith straightened up and bared his teeth as he looked at Sherlock, running his tongue along his bottom lip. Then he walked around to the other side. He straightened the medical glove on his right hand and leaned down towards Sherlock. “Take a big breath if you want,” he whispered.
“That would at least get her attention. Molly can provide a fake death certificate, the digital copy of which Eurus is probably clever enough to find online. We could then also place an obituary in one or two papers – which the media will presumably latch on to as well – and eventually, of course, organise a funeral. She’d be bound to show up.”
Initially, he’d only planned to get admitted to Smith’s hospital and to then try and entice Smith into trying to kill him, so he could catch him in the act and get him arrested. But when he’d been presented with the opportunity to pickpocket him and ‘borrow’ his phone, so that he could solve Faith’s case a little more directly – and with considerably less fuss – he had grabbed that chance with both hands.
Had he perhaps completely erased the memory of what had happened from his mind? Or did he regret his actions? Had he genuinely changed, somehow? He certainly seemed very different. Then again, he had also grown up.
“It’s okay,” she said. “It’s okay to love him and to be scared. But you’ve been scared for such a long time, and it breaks my heart. You’re so afraid to lose him, that it’s almost like… a self-fulfilling prophecy. If you don’t lose him to this bullet, then
Looking around, Sherlock spotted several tins of formula stacked on top of each other on the kitchen worktop. A packet with 54 nappies stood in a corner, unopened.
The ping of his phone brought him back. He took his phone out of the trouser’s pocket and lifted his eyebrows in surprise. Text from Sherlock? John unlocked his phone to read it.
"You should be. I am," he took another sip, finally looking at his brother. This night was restless and one of the worsts they have encountered. One look was enough to see it. "Don't bother with your big brother talk, I won't be using again."
Let the heart run, just stop breathing and the little suction-pressure pump will escape right between the trachea and left lung, now! Run!
because he knew the reasons behind Sherlock's actions and the worst that could happen now was Sherlock remembering them (reasons, not actions). Which was going to be a hell of a job, judging by the view that welcomed Mycroft at 221B Baker Street. The whole sitting room looked like a cave of a crazy wedding planner, filled with purple ribbons, flowers, photos and napkins...
exist; just for a couple of days turn off his mind completely and not think how miserable he was. Because, oh Lord, he was so miserable.
patient, to accept that his little brother chose cocaine over talking him out of it? He would be downstairs in 30 seconds, maybe less. The steps sped up (nervous, appalled?) and Mycroft was already by the stairs.
Finally, John gave in and glanced at his friend, trying not to be obvious, but the said friend was only massaging his temples, not looking at anyone.
“Are you out of your mind?! This could’ve killed you!” which meant ‘I could’ve lost you, again. And again. And again-’.
You already know that I care about you, that you are my best friend. No, let's not state the obvious, you don't like it. Sentiment.
"John!" a scream cut through the air, eyes again wide open glued to the photos and pieces of paper hanging above their heads. Ignoring his name being called out by his older brother Sherlock sat up and reached for the closest hanging paper. He couldn't see a thing but his brain still could remember what was hanging in this corner of the wall. Maid's dresses. Lilac. Fucking lilac!
You can't promise me shit. It's up to me and I know it. And if it's up to me, then I know I will think about you. At first in every minute, then every hour.
John doesn’t understand the sudden change of an atmosphere, doesn’t understand why Sherlock won’t look at him, why Mary
"What's wrong?" words leave my mouth before I can stop them. He's going to tell me anyway, that's why he turned around.
I want to hold your hand while we drive taxi to the next location, where Greg Lestrade is already awaiting us, standing by the police tape, scratching his head.
I finally open my mouth, I am not sure which words are going to leave them but I do it anyway. It's okay, Sherlock. I've come to terms with my feelings towards you. It's okay, even if I am just a friend to you...
"Stop it! Stop at once!" trying to compose himself, he sat down next to Sherlock and put his palm on his brother's knee. "I'm here to help you, brother mine. Just let me help you."
He caught himself thinking about it more and more often recently- “Before John”. People use big events of history to create some kind of a timeline, to put minor events in order.
He shouldn’t dwell too long, he should just go and… the movement of Mycroft’s car pulled him out of his thoughts.
Add water, mix it up. He switched on the lighter under spoon as fast as possible, tremble in his leg intensifying.
"I want more too. Mary knows it, I think she always knew," Sherlock's eyes finally met dark blue ones and he allowed himself to hope despite the fact John is the bridegroom. But he is
But in his mind they were full. John will be back soon. He pulled out all the jumpers and boxer shorts and t-shirts, removed hanging shirts from the wardrobe and threw all his pants on the floor. Empty, now it was empty. Still no
He felt all air being punched out of his lungs at once and tears started blurring his vision, what caused it? (Sadness, relieve?) It didn't matter, what mattered was that his heart started beating again, shyly at first, the blood slowly flew from the right atrium into the right ventricle through the tricuspid valve, hesitantly as if not sure it could make it towards pulmonary artery.
"Yes," John scratched the back of his neck. "I still want to raise the kid but... Sherlock, will you have me? I'm far from perfect and I hurt you by getting married and I'm aware that you never really wanted to have a..."
He muted the silent question of Hudders asking Mycroft what was wrong. If he didn't, he would burst from all those feelings like an overfilled with an air balloon. He started rocking, praying (there is no God, silly) for this woman to disappear.
But the older Holmes knew it wasn't about being right, it was about helping Sherlock to get through the night without even more harm. He could at least take care of the physical aspect if not for the emotional one. He approached Sherlock who was in the middle of throwing things around and as gently as he could, he took his brother's wrist and put his fingers on the radial artery taking his pulse.
And just like that with the sight of the plane John’s hope grew, subduing other feelings. Once a faint light, just a glimmer, now a proper star surrounded with its own planetary system. John was back at one of Sherlock’s orbits until the detective either turned into a pair-instability supernova burning in a runaway thermonuclear explosion or red giant expanding his diameter and swallowing John so they could become whole.
around London. That's the first guess of John’s confused brain- that Sherlock was never planning on leaving and once again let him feel like an empty shell. An utter cock, he was.
Mary straightened up in her seat as well as Mycroft, who was looking even more alarmed than he was already after seeing the list.
When you came back, did you expect me to run into your arms and pretend that for 2 years I didn't go through hell? Let me tell you- the moment you jumped off that damn roof... Jesus, Sherlock.
Mycroft will know- it’s fairly obvious, thought younger Holmes looking down at his attire. Remains of mud on his Oxfords (off-road, dealer) and splatter of the water on the right side of his leg (a cab, car splash, 24h pharmacy, needle) were enough for Mycroft to estimate his whereabouts, of course as if he didn’t know already, thanks to his spies and cameras all over the city.
Sherlock put his hand around John's and intertwined their fingers (no wedding ring), feeling his heartbeat accelerating. This is what John did to him, his proximity. In a matter of seconds, Sherlock was in his arms, not registering who closed the gap. It was pleasant to be able to hide his face in the crook of John's neck, smell him, feel the warmth and beginning of the morning stubble on his left cheek. He shyly touched the soft skin with his dry lips and heard a repressed moan as a reply.
But I allow my thoughts to wander, this is better than actually acknowledging that I am never going to see you again.
Sherlock made an incoherent noise and without any care he collapsed on his chair, hiding his face in bent knees. He couldn't hear it, he wasn't
I know you can take my pulse, you always do that when you have an opportunity and I have no clue why. Maybe it's your way of finding out about feelings, physical attraction or just some kind of body reflexes. I'm an ordinary doctor, all I know is a medical aspect of it but nothing is just the way it is for you, isn't it?
John stood there with Mary by his side watching two out of three black cars drive away. He needed tea, to sort out everything that happened in the last twenty-four hours. A big cup of tea.
He could feel relief filling his chest, however, his throat tightened at the memory of Sherlock’s warm hand caressing his. But it was stupid, childish to exaggerate a simple touch, it was
She didn’t seem sure for a moment what else to say, then continued. “I really like him. He’s so sweet and considerate. A good listener.” She looked away as she added, with a sigh, “But I’m not sure he feels the same. He appeared keen at first, but lately he just seems a bit distracted during our dates and he even cancelled the last two we’d planned. The first time, he said he’d forgotten he had promised to go see a film with Jack. That’s the evening I ran into Jack in the supermarket.”
“Apart from testing your theory, I would also like to plant some false information,” Sherlock continued. “Make this man think that Violet’s uncle in South Africa has died. He’s sure to mention it to his suppliers as soon as they come round. I already instructed Violet to tell them as well, but this way it will be more believable.”
Sherlock decided to worry about Eurus later and knelt down next to John – with his back towards the wall so as to keep an eye on the windows and doors.
He trailed John’s lips with his tongue, the lips that had just spoken those words. He then moved on to John’s jawline, planting kisses along it, just because he could. When he arrived at John’s earlobe, he softly kissed that, too, before going back to his mouth.
One evening, Sherlock persuaded John they go to a local ballet in a bigger town nearby. The performance turned out to be of considerably higher proficiency than they’d dared hope, despite it being an amateur company. Both Sherlock and Rosie were mesmerised. John thought he even detected a subtle change in the way both of them moved afterwards, and smiled inwardly.
To have John by his side again felt as if some sort of balance in the universe had been restored, Sherlock thought. The dull, empty pain in his heart was gone.
Once his mind was set on having tea, he bloody well wanted to actually drink some damn tea, so there was nothing for it but to go downstairs and ask Mrs Hudson.
“Go? You don’t have to go.” Sherlock let the hand holding the new bottle drop to his side. “You can stay the night here if you like.” He cleared his throat, looking at the floor. “Actually, John, I want you to know you’re very welcome to move back in with me, if that’s what you’d like. In fact, I would appreciate that very much.” For several seconds his lower lip didn’t seem to know what to do with itself, before he continued, almost in a whisper. “I’ve missed this... you.”
robbed me of my ability to score, alright? God! I never thought I’d ever crave a shag this badly. It’s driving me proper
Smith huffed out a laugh. “You know what? I’m getting a little impatient.” He bent to the foot of the bed and pressed a button on the side, so that the top of the bed lowered down to the horizontal position.
Sherlock scrutinised her every movement, as she did some more routine checks and scribbled something into John’s file.
“Nice. It’s very touching how you can hijack the machinery of the state to look after your own family.”
too long, wasn’t I? Daddy had to stay at the hospital for a bit. But thankfully Sherlock and his brother arranged for this lovely lady to look after you. Did you enjoy tha--?” Only then did he actually look at the woman, and he fell silent, dumbstruck. Her hair was blond and in a bob cut and her style of clothes was, well, somewhat different from when he’d last seen her, but it was unmistakably her. “Irene Adler?!” he exclaimed. “
“He always forgets to charge his phone,” Craig said, on the verge of tears. “I keep trying to call him, and the police have been trying to track his mobile signal, but he’s had it switched off all this time. I hate it when he does that. It’s because he forgets to plug it in.”
He probably had to work at the surgery today. Sherlock had to think really hard to remember what day it was. Thursday. June 18. Somehow, that date rang a bell somewhere at the very back of his mind. Wasn’t he supposed to be somewhere that day? What kind of appointment could he have made for a Thursday mid-June?
He could slap himself, but at the same time he wasn’t even sure Sherlock had actually understood what he was saying at all.
. As if to make up for all those years of being without him, and all the years of having him in his life at a much too large distance.
Sherlock hadn’t planned to tell him. Not really. The idea had occasionally crossed his mind, but had been dismissed each time without too much thought. There simply hadn’t appeared to be any point in informing him. But yesterday, it had suddenly seemed like the logical thing to do. Sherlock didn’t want John to make incorrect assumptions whenever Sherlock felt awkward during their lovemaking, which was bound to happen more often. John might think he did something wrong, when he didn’t, or that Sherlock didn’t want him, which he did. And weren’t relationships all about being open and honest?
Even after two days, Harry still felt a little jolt of surprise every time someone addressed her in English.
Although, of course, the shadows were always dancing around every object, like little monsters. Or big monsters. Or unicorns.
who works here! Have you seen her?” Sherlock had no idea whether she actually had nice boobs or not, but since taste could always be debated anyway, he took the risk to use this segue to steer the subject to the Hall’s staff.
“No, not now,” John replied quietly into his neck. “Maybe later sometime, and only if you really want to, but not now.” He pulled back to look at Sherlock. “I think we were going a bit too far with our wanting to make up for lost time.” He smiled faintly.
It then occurred to him that Rosie naturally possessed a percentage of the same genes Aunt Viv had as well, which was some more consolation. When he was mentally trying to estimate the portion, his phone beeped.
John hadn’t hesitated for more than half a second. Mary (Rosamund) had obviously overheard what Vivian had been telling them: how she quite clearly remembered the details surrounding the Tbilisi incident, including the involvement of a woman with a New Zealand accent called Rose.
As he put the cups in the sink and added hot water and washing up liquid, he suddenly felt warm arms around him.
The second John let go of him, Sherlock let himself drop to the floor, deliberately falling in the most unfortunate way he could. It took all of his concentration and willpower to suppress his reflex of protecting his head as he fell with his temple against the protruding handle of one of the silver-coloured cabinets.
While he’d always been convinced of the exact opposite, he now realised that strong relationships in fact bring you closer to reality. They don’t cloud your judgement, but enhance your understanding. Of everything.
Once Sherlock was back, Eurus had planned to convince Rose that letting them come together was the best way to begin with, and that she should let John go – if he didn’t leave first.
bloody got together!” And then, slightly exasperated, “To be honest, I’d almost given up hope of ever seeing the bloody day, I gotta tell you.”
Her mouth fell open, once more. She’d always thought he’d disapproved of her. Not that he wanted to protect her from harm.
Sherlock choked out a sob as it hit him that he no longer needed to be afraid of his own impulses. And then, in under a minute in total, his body clenched and he came, hard.
She obviously realised with perfect clarity what Sherrinford’s paintings meant to him, and that this was the very first one he was selling, ever. For which Sherlock was infinitely grateful. It was important that his brother had a first positive experience, if this was something he might want to start doing more often.
He didn’t move or open his eyes just yet. He only hugged his knees a fraction tighter, with his chin still resting on top of them.
“Well… you could also exhibit them,” Sherlock signed. “Lend them to art galleries.” Sherlock had looked up the signs for those terms the evening before.
“Most certainly you will!” Sherlock smiled radiantly. And at that, he hooked his arm into John’s and they walked out the swing doors.
As Sherlock walked down the hallway, casually scanning his surroundings, he spotted Amy once again, just disappearing around the corner to the south wing.
So while they had now eliminated one crucial link in Moriarty’s web, in the form of Mary – though in a rather dramatically different way than they’d envisioned – there remained at least one suspect to be reckoned with, Sherlock was sure. And it wasn’t AJ.
Sherlock suddenly seemed an entirely different person, the way he was lying there, taking in the black dildo: unafraid to show himself, to be vulnerable. At the same time, there was something coy and almost girlish about him that made John want to devour him on the spot.
In Hjerkinn, they were having a rest sitting on a fallen tree trunk one morning, when Rosie first said her own name. They’d just had a drink and when John put the bottle back into his bag, she spotted the bread he carried with him. “Lowey, bred!” She signed the words for “I” and “bread” along as she said it.
John folded his arms in front of him. There was something else he’d been meaning to ask, and which seemed relevant in the current situation, somehow. “Mycroft, last time when we were on the phone...”
And, Mycroft telling John on the phone, when Sherlock is roaming the streets of London while high on drugs, "Sherlock gone rogue is a legitimate security concern. The fact that I’m his brother changes absolutely nothing. It didn’t the last time and I assure you it won’t with... with Sherlock."
Grinning, John let out a shaky breath. He had been inside his lover and he felt he would be unable to stop smiling for the next year or so.
It was at moments like these that John had felt guilty about his sexting affair, oddly enough. What was it to Sherlock, anyway? The man obviously couldn’t care less about sexual relationships. Especially if they weren’t any of his business. Or not even sexual, in fact.
” her imaginary voice asked. What an inane question. But of course she would ask that. Moriarty’s best pal. There was no way in hell he would ever miss either of those two. Funny they should ask, over and over again. The only person John missed was the lovely, ‘normal’ wife he had once thought he had, but who had existed solely in his mind.
Something painful caught in his throat, so he tried to refocus on Donovan, slowly looking back up at her.
With many thanks once again to my assiduous and invaluable betas Mamaorion, mydogwatson and Jonathan. And also to deaflock for proofreading all scenes involving sign language!
“Nothing whatsoever,” he bluffed. He’d become good enough at that particular lie. It had been alter ego defence, anyway, he reminded himself. John had never planned to kill her. You could almost say it had been an accident.
John plonked himself down on the familiar sofa and toed off his shoes, weary but secretly pleased to immediately be drawn into the endorphin-inducing rush of a hot case.
There was a long silence in which Sherlock agitatedly fumbled through his papers and John ate more noodles, watching him and masticating on both his food and the known facts of this curious case.
, to match the raw pain in his heart. It was an immense relief to channel these abstract and useless feelings into his body, where he could understand them, and where they were being turned into something beautiful.
John blushed a little. “Er, I’m still working on the plot. So I can’t tell you much just yet. But there’ll be action and mysteries, stuff like that.”
As John’s smile widened into an intensely happy grin, Sherlock hastily pried the ring out of the box and set it on the top of his little finger. Naturally, it was too small to go on properly. Nevertheless, he showed it to them with pride.
“In fairness, though, he does have excellent taste in chips.” All trace of the German tongue was gone, to be replaced by a well-educated southern English accent. She reached up with her left hand and brushed her hair back.
John took a foil tray with chow mein out of one of the plastic bags and started to eat. He would be of no use with an empty stomach anyway. He shoved another tray and a set of chopsticks towards Sherlock, who didn’t seem to notice.
They were staying at a slightly fancier hotel than their previous ones, because it was their last stop and also because there actually were fancier hotels in Trondheim than there had been in the little villages they had stayed in until now.
It was an evening full of shy smiles and occasional tentative touches; a quick kiss on Sherlock’s forehead as John handed him a cup of tea after dinner, a hand on John’s shoulder while they were doing the dishes – together, for once.
It was as if regarding himself as insignificant had become routine for him, in the years since John had come to know him.
When John became aware of Sherlock subtly rutting against his hip, John quickly took matters into his own hands and made sure that several neighbours raised their eyebrows at Sherlock’s reaching completion some minutes later.
Then Sherlock leaned to the side to put the bottle on his desk and they wrapped their arms around each other, neither of them apparently sure what to do, but both unwilling to let go.
Upon entering the interrogation room, earlier that afternoon, Donovan had attempted to act amicably, starting with some inconsequential small talk. Meanwhile, Sherlock had been unable to stop imagining how Mary’s body was at that very moment being taken from the Aquarium to the morgue, then photographed, probed, and documented. He could only hope that Lestrade had managed to get Molly on duty in time. Either her, or some idiot who wouldn’t look too closely at the angle of the entry wound. However, if it was Woods, everything he would try to do here could be in vain.
And earlier that same morning, while roaming through London to clear his head, Sherlock had realised that Vivian Norbury, the lovely little old lady who had been present at the D-notice meeting in January as Mrs Smallwood’s assistant, might very well be able to give them exactly the kind of information on Mary (Rosamund) that they needed in order to have her locked away. Assistants like her were, after all, notorious for their infallible memories.
Apropos of nothing, he didn’t think there was much of a chance of them ever ‘doing’ anything in particular in this bed, except sleep. And talk, or kiss, of course. John likely wouldn’t want any ‘gay stuff’, seeing as he’d always so loudly proclaimed being ‘not gay’. But that was okay. Of course, it was totally fine.
“Do you still recall our first time coming here?” Sherlock picks up his napkin and wipes down his utensils, just like every time they come here to actually eat.
“It’s alright, go to sleep.” John’s eyelids flutter against his cheeks, teasing words are whispered into his skin. The other’s body hovered inches from him. Sherlock chuckles into John’s neck, his skin heating up from all the attention. His chest was so tight he couldn’t respond. A knee softly presses between his legs, spreading them slowly. The doctor’s  eyes shoot open, his hands squeezing the other’s. Sherlock quickly places his legs back over each side of his hips, stopping any advancement.
“Not really.” John voices airly. He is only able to pull the detective in just the smallest bit closer, the taller being stubborn. Sherlock rakes his thumb over John’s lips. This teasing was too much. The doctor turns his head to kiss his hand, his thigh lifting up to feel the other’s cock above him. A breath is forced from the detective’s lips. John presses up into him again, bringing his friend’s thumb into his mouth. It startles John when Sherlock pulls his hand away. His thigh is lifted, pressing harder against the detective’s arousal.
“I’m insane? You gave me permission to use you for my tests but act surprised when I do just that. Stop conjuring up things that don’t relate to what I’m actually doing.” Sherlock's voice is stern, infuriating the doctor further.
“Really now?” John beamed, watching as Sherlock struggles to stay consciously present as he spoke. Each tug sending his eyes closed, begging him to just enjoy the sensations he was feeling. John leans down licking at his head which has Sherlock’s eyes widening. The detective places his elbows on the bed, laying up to almost protest. John watches the panic vanish as he takes him deep into his mouth, warmth wrapping around Sherlock completely.
“Experiment B is still running smoothly while Experiment A deteriorated…” He brought the dish to his nose.
. John shoves at the obnoxious detective, getting a confused scowl back. Seeing the other so offended by his push makes him do it again, the tall man’s frame barely budging.
“You can use your hands-” John took the button in his mouth, only taking a moment to pop it open. Sherlock’s lips parted at the sight. John was completely oblivious, eagerly catching the zipper between his teeth. The slow pull over where he was constricted drew confessions out of Sherlock’s throat. With bated breath, the detective spoke,
“Uh!” Sherlock calls out, his grip returning to John’s hair. He half heartedly attempts to pull him off. His grip tightens as two fingers are pushed into him.
A flush begins at the detective’s neck as John completely passes his cock. He feels prodding at his hole, a wetness following. Sherlock feels eyes look up at him. Right as he looks down he feels John’s tongue press into him through his underwear. His leg juts in John’s grip. His hands tighten, pulling Sherlock’s into his tongue. It wet the fabric, his tongue playing against his rim. John watched the detective hesitate before reaching for his hair.
“Well, I would have asked you to help me with my experiment,” Sherlock’s voice was sharp, trying to cut at John.
“Shut up” The detective hisses out, raking his hands up John’s sides. It has been a long while since they joined in this room, light completely absent as they got lost inside one another’s bodies.
Sherlock had laid completely down, breaths coming out sluggish as though he were asleep. John looked down at him but immediately regretted it. His heart started to beat faster, fear growing since he didn’t have a reason for it. The blonde’s mouth started to salivate as his palms grew warmer. The soreness in his jaw reminded him of Sherlock’s grip from before. He slowly unrolled himself from his curled up state, feeling too warm. It wasn’t a fever. No, not that instantaneously. But the thing that finally tied the whole weird encounter together was the slightest groan that left Sherlock’s sleeping lips. John flinched, his body winding up from the smallest noises the other made. The detective’s hand rose up in his sleep to lay by his head. His body was the most relaxed it's ever been around him and John noticed
“Go fuck yourself, Sherlock.” The detective looks at his friend as if he were someone completely different until John presses their lips together. Their intertwined hands cage Sherlock’s head between them, his curls fanning on John’s pillow. The detective squeezes their hands as John plays with his tongue, making his hips chant upwards. Their lips disconnect, Sherlock stares at John’s with unconcealed want.
He’s teasing, that’s the only explanation. But, Sherlock doesn’t make jokes like these. He leans down so close, only to not do anything. It can only be described as that:
He minimizes the tab and goes to his blog, continuing where he left off. A hand goes for his arm and he looks up in confusion.
“I mean we weren’t together, I just wanted to make that clear to him.” John smiles but averts his eyes from Sherlock’s perusal. The detective completely disregards his statement.
natural purpose. Sherlock poured a decent amount of wine into a glass and added a generous portion of the powdered drug into the drink. Once it was mixed into one he shuffled to John’s room.
“You don’t have to be quiet.” With a roll of his eyes, Sherlock squeezed their hands before turning his face away again. John tapped at their interlocked fingers making the other look back at him.
“I was wondering if we could continue?” John scratches at his own hand, thinking carefully about how he should respond.
“Your arm began to shake as I came closer, so I noted your neutral heart rate and,” Sherlock’s eyes roam the other’s face as he speaks.
With an aggravated sigh the detective releases the man’s wrists and sits up straight, turning to his flat mate.
“No, I mean actual meals. Not quick makeshift junk. You know how to heat stuff up, that’s all. You can’t argue with me about this, Sherlock.”
were whispered as Sherlock grips the other man’s hand, touching it and intertwining it with his own.
“You know I do not enjoy being ignorant of something. I believe this is the most logical way for me to learn.” Sherlock speaks as if his thought process were normal, John’s mind completely baffled.
Yeah, he’s all mouth and no trousers. Observations my ass, John thinks. He is just trying to mess with him.
“You? Cooking?” John tosses the towel to the side. He changes into sweats and a tank top shamelessly while his flatmate is busy with the computer.
“Wasn’t this outing about forgetting work and distracting me?” John’s blood drains from his face. Remembering the night must have reminded Sherlock of the poison incident he didn’t get an answer to. When he told John what happened he couldn’t understand why the answer was so important to him.
. His grip was gentle, making John raise a brow. With a finger he moves the fabric out of his way, lapping at his hole properly. Sherlock’s eyes widen, his grip tightening immediately.
“You still manage to surprise me.” Sherlock’s voice draws the other in, dark curls lying against the bed. John’s nails trail down the other’s pale skin, pink marks following. As the seconds pass, the detective’s will to fight begins to trickle in. John leans down, lips pressing against his back all the way up to the nape of Sherlock’s neck.
“Hey,” John unlocks one of their hands which makes Sherlock open his eyes. The blonde cradles his face, turning it towards himself.
“...Alright.” The stranger mumbles as he gets up, looking back at the two strange men before closing the door.
“Not long?” John made a pained expression before a moan was ripped out of him, that special spot in him getting hit dead on.
“We’ll that’s a first,” John says, surprise in his own voice. Sherlock was confused but his toes curled, the tightness around him squeezing him in just the right ways.
enjoying the massage. Dragging back downwards Sherlock reaches his wrist. Easing up his grip, he rests over the skin there. John was going to ask but remembered if he did it would be one of the reasons Sherlock didn’t pick him in the first place. At this point he knows everything has a meaning so he just has to trust his friend.
“What is our luck? We go enjoy ourselves only to then get absolutely sopping wet.” John says with no real displeasure. He simply slips off his wet coat and reaches for the other man’s, who thanks him. The building rumbles pleasantly, the storm hidden just outside.
The angle renders Sherlock mute, John pounding his insides. Only cut off moans leave the detective, his hands reaching out to claw at the bed below him. His body loses control, throwing his hips back into the other man’s thrusts. A moan is worked out of John,the feeling overwhelming. Without trying, Sherlock’s body clenches around his friend’s cock, begging for cum. Their hips smack audibly against each other, Sherlock’s insides born for taking cock. John’s member enlarges further, cum shooting out to paint Sherlock from the inside. His abdomen quivers, hips drilling into the other as spurt after spurt makes a mess of the other’s insides. John laughs shakily with a sigh as he rakes his hands over Sherlock’s ass, pushing his last bit of cum into him as deep as he can.
John curses under his breath. With electricity coursing through his body he gets up onto his knees and straddle’s Sherlock’s lap. His hands taking purchase on the taller man’s shoulders. His own actions shocked himself but whatever was in his system was not letting him feel any shame or desire to stop. The detective takes a moment before gripping his friend’s hips, pushing the other down to sit on his lap properly. That was just enough permission John needed in order to ease the uncontrollable guilt that rose in his gut.
“Don’t be ashamed. It’s my fault anyway.” Sherlock rolled up into the pressure between them, making John’s eyes clenched shut. Like a fucking book, Sherlock can read him. The detective’s large hands go to wrap around the blonde’s thighs, tight enough to create bruises. This made John open his eyes again, realizing they had created a rhyme together unintentionally. Small rubs had turned into full-on grinding. Draping his arms entirely around Sherlock’s shoulder’s, John buries his face into the other’s neck, letting out whines he was holding back. Those large hands traveled up towards John’s ass pushing him harder into his growing bulge.
“You better keep still when I’m down there. I’ve only done this a handful of times.” John’s comment was met with a serious expression. Serious enough that Sherlock began to untangle their hands. John scrambled, holding the other’s hands tightly.
. Yes okay, bye.” The detective sighs at the device and shoves it aggravatedly into his coat pocket.
“Why Doctor Watson and Sherlock Holmes, after so many years you still enjoy our food.” He calls over a staff member, asking them to add a complimentary dessert to their usual order.
“Oh, yeah yes fine. We’re all good.” We were not fine. Far from it. His flat mate was touching all over him. The attention was getting to his head, he couldn’t look the taller man in the eye. Show anybody outside of this flat what’s happening here and they will all think the same thing.
“Fuck, if that’s the noises you make…” John kneeled slightly, sitting up straight as he used their hands to trail up his own thighs. Sherlock’s face was
John huffs at the remark, “I doubt trust has anything to-“ Sherlock squeezes the base of John’s thumb. Impulsively John’s other fingers curl towards the pressure.
“I hope you understand I wouldn’t intentionally put us in danger.” The detective emphasizes his point to John’s confusion but oddly enough he felt himself be reassured by that clarification.
“It's becoming too much.” The detective rumbles out, John letting go of him with a pop. With eyes screaming of admiration, he trails his tongue up the other’s spent cock before circling his tip.
The detective’s breath catches, this side of his neck was far more sensitive than the other. John brings his hips down to the other man’s making Sherlock pull at their hands. Relentlessly rubbing down, John groans around the skin in his mouth. The blonde squeezes their hands, releasing the skin in his lips and letting out a breathy moan. He felt the other go rigid under him which made him smile. Pulling their arms upwards he tucked their hands under the pillow that held Sherlock’s head. He dug his face right under the brunette’s jaw and sucked, making an abrupt choked off sob rip from Sherlock’s chest. John slowed down after that.
“That’s nice. You’d be good at massages.” The doctor mumbles out, enjoying the repeated pressure Sherlock applies to his hand. Using four fingers, the detective trails over John’s palm, getting a stifled laugh in return.
“Yes.” And he really meant it. The blonde sunk down, his breath stalling as Sherlock’s eyes widen, realizing he wasn’t stopping.
“Then what should I move on to?” Sherlock reaches for him as he questions, squeezing along the doctor’s shoulder. John’s jaw noticeably clenches as Sherlock grazes his fingers over the other’s long healed injury. He doesn’t stop there. He slips his fingers under the strap of John’s tank top, shifting the fabric to the side as his hand continues up its path to his neck. His fingers press into the muscles there. Easing off, Sherlock keeps his hand at the base of John’s neck.
“Now you’re going to tell me that you kissing me is also unrelated?” It takes everything for John to keep his voice steady, his eyes burning over the other's physique. Something has been ignited inside of John and Sherlock has the audacity to deny everything he throws at him.
“You’re still married to your work, right?” John attempts to joke, his words wavering. Sherlock’s eyes travel over the other man before landing back on his eyes, nodding. Hearing the words out loud made John realize something,
The blonde didn’t even realize he had his eyes closed, swaying slightly. A soft affirming hum left his lips.
“Thank you but you may leave now.” Sherlock speaks at the stranger, without bothering to turn away from the doctor.
“That’s...good to know.” Hearing some information lifts a weight off John’s shoulders and they finish their meal, leaving in a much better mood.
“Embarrassing?” The blonde repeated before pausing for a moment. With a smug smile, he began moving down towards the other side of Sherlock’s neck.
“Your mind palace, I know.” The brunette’s face was coldly staring back at him. He bent down and picked up the two bags on the ground. Pleased, John turned away, walking to his room. Sherlock looked over the kitchen, debating where to put everything since his experiments took up most of the room in their fridge and cabinets. Coughing and sniveling interrupt his thinking, frustration settling in Sherlock’s brows. He drops the bags onto the ground in the kitchen and opens up the fridge, pulling out a petri dish.
“I think that word is pretty problematic in this case, don’t you?” John leans forward, placing his hands on Sherlock’s smooth stomach, rocking back onto his cock.
“I thought it was quite funny that Angelo assumed we were a couple.” John whispers out humorously, as if saying so was scandalous.
“John-!?” The doctor hums in response, enjoying the sight of Sherlock’s hips lifting on their own accord.
“I don’t give a shit about your conclusion. Your experiment was far from valid so you’re not going to embarrass me any further.” Their stomachs were full with the detective’s perfectly prepared dinner. Despite their bickering, they jested playfully. With a downright
Finally, John brings him between his lips, a pleased sound resonating in his throat at Sherlock’s taste. The detective tensed up as the other nipped at his skin, sucking at him roughly. He released his skin and licked at the sore bruise that began to form. Sherlock’s hands twitched, only to curl up tightly in the other’s.
“We are quite hungry. Just the usual please and thank you very much for the desert.” John takes the liberty to order and hands their menus back to Angelo.
The other looked away, putting a hand to John’s side before motioning he was going to sit up. John intercepts him, interlacing their fingers again with a concerned face.
“That I took it all in one go. Even by myself my body needs a moment to adjust.” John brought his hands to Sherlock’s that gripped his hips.
‘Just do something’, John’s mind screams. But did he actually want that? It’s when Sherlock reaches out to touch his face that he confirms it. Hell yes he wants that. His thumb traces the man’s jaw before delicately holding his chin. John’s eyes widen in disbelief. His breath catches as Sherlock lowers himself, gently pressing his lips against him. Panic fills every inch of John’s being. Overwhelmed he pulls away. Without a moment of hesitation Sherlock cups the back of his neck, bringing him back for a deeper kiss. An audible sound comes from John’s throat, the detective pulling away.
From John’s wrist his hands went in two directions. His left massaging up towards the other’s fingertips and his right slipping lower on John’s exposed arms. Not once did Sherlock’s eyes shift from the skin under his hands.
With an eye roll, the doctor faces back towards the television. Sherlock’s hand drags along the expanse of John’s skin, stopping at his arm’s pulse point.
Sherlock moves the laptop off John’s lap and swings his leg over the other’s hips. The doctor freezes.
“You’re cold.” It was then John noticed just how warm the other’s hands were on his skin. It was as if pointing it out made goosebumps suddenly appear.
“You’re tampering with my data,” His grip tightens and John’s hands clench into fists. His wrists will undoubtedly brandish a faint mark or two. With a quick full bodied twist, John breaks free and Sherlock falls face first into the bed below him.
“Are you still alright?” Sherlock leans up a bit on his elbows, his breathing still not back to normal.
“You’re aware of who you’re talking to?” The snark in his tone was barely concealed, making John laugh. With a small smile Sherlock takes John’s utensils and wipes them down as well.
“By god, he has gone mad,” John whispers hysterically. Questions and assumptions flood his mind but he forces himself to ignore them. He wanted to fully enter his home before falling ill. He knew, with Sherlock, he would never get a straight answer. So he’ll save his energy for dealing with his odd friend, alone.
“Your palm is surprisingly soft meaning you pay close attention to this area when washing and moisturizing.” Again he trails four fingers down his sensitive palm, making John’s lip twitch into an impressed smile.
“Recipes, John. Steak and balsamic salad.” With a quick glance over, he memorizes the list and plans the exact date and time he will begin cooking.
“Don’t stop.” Sherlock demands barely above a whisper. John smiles, kissing his cheek as he circles his hips into that very spot. The grip on his cock tightens, he’s too close. Right as he sees the other’s balls tense up between them he squeezes the base of his cock, stopping the other from cumming. Sherlock moans in protest, his dick twitching and fighting against his grip. John slips his cock free and lightly rolls a spent Sherlock onto his stomach. He bends the others left knee, dragging it up the bed before positioning himself right behind him. Grabbing more lube he slicks himself up, sliding right back into Sherlock’s tight heat.
The shorter of the two closes his eyes, oddly finding comfort in knowing the other was in his room. When there seems to be no intention from Sherlock to move, John opens his eyes slightly to peak. Eyes meet his before darting around and returning again.
“It wasn’t worth my time to correct. We were on a case.” Sherlock leans his chin on his intertwined hands, waiting to hear the other’s response.
“My goodness...you really are trying to make me go to spare! For once I want a simple bloody answer!” John’s blood boils.
look on his face. The detective’s features were devoid of humor but John knew the other was thoroughly taking the piss out on him.
“Not… not the drug. Always have been.” Sherlock began unbuttoning his shirt, it was too hot for one.
“You don’t want anymore?” The brunette was thoroughly trashed, but he still had the need to ask. Sherlock gave him a look that said ‘you’re joking, right?’ before laying down further.
“I, haven’t...no.” His response was choppy, his curly hair falling in front of his eyes. The tie around his waist completely fails under John’s grip, revealing miles of Sherlock’s torso. Only a thin layer of underwear separated him from rubbing against John’s sweats. The sight drove the doctor mad, the detective’s hands reaching out to pull up his shirt. It was slipped up and off of him effortlessly. Sherlock’s hands move down to grip John’s hips, lifting them up as he rolls down. A wet spot forms where they rub enthusiastically against each other.
John was honestly quite nervous. He was once again under the scrutiny of his brilliant friend, of course he was a bit hesitant. But he ignores him and looks back at the laptop in his lap. The hand grazes upwards over the muscles of his bicep and squeezes. Another hand joins alongside the first, encapsulating a ring around his whole arm. He drags down until he reaches the steady hand that wasn’t typing.
“Big...” The curly haired man mumbles as if he were drunk, his mind spinning as John begins to circle his hips. John smiles at the compliment, giving him a few ‘thank you’ thrusts.
“I can’t...take much more, John.” Sherlock whines out, his body seizing up at everything the other does. John just hums humorously around his cock sending sweet vibrations through his body. His orgasm rushes over him suddenly, a sob wrecking through him as he shoots thickly down John’s throat. The doctor’s eyes were pleased, his throat fluttering around Sherlock as he swallowed down every bit. His fingers run against his prostate one more time. Sherlock chuckles in his overstimulated glow, playfully pushing John’s head away. That doesn’t stop him from sucking until he gets the last drops out of him.
Sherlock couldn’t get any closer even though he tried, his hands making its way to John’s chest, raking up to his neck. The blonde’s head tilts back with the detective’s encouragement. He rubs at the smooth expanse of skin while also rubbing deliciously against his ribbed insides.
Sherlock hums, closing his eyes again. The room feels warm and comforting. John brought his legs up to his chest, enjoying the feeling of not being alone, especially when he had felt sick. But now he felt everything but ill. He hadn’t let out a single cough in what felt like ages. Sherlock wasn’t lying when he said the drink would make him feel better.
“Hey! Can you grab me a glass of water?” He hears the tap open and shut, the detective making his way towards him.
Sherlock tenderly grips the man’s hands, turning them palm up. Something must be bugging him terribly. Why else would he be so precise? He abruptly squeezes the other’s wrists. The bloke was still confused but his chest rose sharply, eyes staring the detective down. The poor lad was just as baffled by the other as John was.
He would need to make sure he didn’t end up in just any random hospital, though. So he simply made an appointment. With Smith. At his hospital. Smith was, after all, enough of a media whore to accept an invitation to meet up with anyone moderately well-known who wanted to meet up with him.
He sat in his chair and steepled his fingers. Surrounded by silence, he took the opportunity to store away the outcome of all the different parts of this morning’s conversation in his Mind Palace.
. About how they were. About how lovely the memorial service had been. And also about what their favourite memories of Aunt Viv were.
“I’m just doing this for Jim,” is what she had said. “Don’t worry, sweetie, everything will be alright. We’ve got a lovely location for the reception, all in yellow, with delicious cake. We’ve tasted samples,” she’d beamed, completely oblivious to the fact that Eurus had wanted to disappear into a hole in the ground – no matter it was all fake. Rose was still spending all her time with him.
. About the way I apparently used to drive you up the walls with my ignorance, as a child, and the way you drove
As Sherlock hadn’t really drawn or painted since his schooldays, he wasn’t remotely good at it. It felt strange being so clumsy at something. But he did enjoy it, because he did it together with his big brother. Sometimes, they would put two easels side by side and each would work on their own canvas. Sherlock mostly painted still lifes of objects that were already in the room, while Sherrinford primarily painted animals, people and landscapes from memory. Occasionally, he would help his younger, inept brother, by showing him how to add shadows or mix an additional colour into his palette. Then they would look at one another and smile.
Sherlock wearily tilted his head to look up at the evidence wall above him and in particular the picture of the handkerchief (which he’d printed out first thing as soon as he’d gotten home – even before his shower). Then his eyes drifted to a post-it labelled ‘maid Amy’, and from there to the picture of the empty medicine box, just below an image of the school and next to Steve Meredith’s name. So many details, so much data, now it was time to bloody
Sherlock looked down at his hands. “I’m sorry,” he said. He wasn’t really sure what to do or say next. “What’s his name?” he asked, quietly.
After a couple of minutes, John took pity on Sherlock and he closed his lips around him, sucking him deep, but not hard, and still tantalisingly slow. He could feel Sherlock trying not to thrust up into his throat, so clearly did he want to.
As nervous and afraid as Sherlock was to mess it up, John seemed to need this as much as he himself once had, three months prior, and the open expression on John’s face suddenly made it very easy to push in.
, was another example of a bond only having been successfully forged thanks to their both committing to honesty, openness and good communication – much as he loathed that term.
“It isn’t easy to put yourself in the shoes of the people who’ve hurt you. But it’s a very valuable ability if you can,” John said.
“Oh, sorry,” Smith said, softly. He paused for a moment. “Yes.” He chuckled briefly. “You mean, am I a serial killer, or am I just trying to mess with your funny little head? Well, it’s true.” He walked around the head of the table while John looked at him grimly. “I do like to mess with people...”
“An act of hate against cross-dressers,” Sherlock said. “Of course I did consider that, as soon as we found out that he’d been one. But that doesn’t seem highly probable, seeing as he wasn’t dressed as a woman at his time of death and also the killer didn’t leave any hints as to such a motive, which they usually do in those kind of cases. Often quite explicitly.” His gaze drifted off as he stared out of the cab window and they didn’t speak again during the rest of the ride.
“Of course. This way,” Moore gestured, heading for the fire escape stairs at the end of the teacher’s corridor.
Saying goodbye to her, however, soon turned out to be a more emotional affair than any of them had anticipated. She had been with them for nine weeks, after all, during the most hectic time of their lives, no less.
Sherlock reluctantly took his arm from around John and got out of bed to dress. John did the same. They both looked over each other’s bodies, smiling quiet good-byes as bare skin was neatly covered up again by clothing, a glint in both their eyes signalling a silent understanding that they would be together in this bed again as soon as the day’s work was over.
“Not sure, change to what,” John signed, looking a little helpless. “We’re used to it now. Changing is strange.”
Unfortunately, there was little else he could do without moving his head and drowning in the dizzying vortex that it caused.
His phone finally showed the search results with the flights she could be on. There was only one that matched the criteria.
John didn’t know how Sherlock selected which tree, wall, or rock to investigate up close. But they definitely weren’t random choices. He could practically hear the cogwheels turning inside the detective’s head, measuring the probability of all sorts of variables against each other with the knowledge he had of these two delinquents, their dispositions and their previous
She made do with a copious amount of loo paper and, softly cursing, hurried up the stairs to her room for the real thing.
Sherlock’s face was a mask of neutral concentration as he once more fished out his phone and took another couple of pictures of the three items, separately and together, passports opened and closed – laid out on top of the envelope – before picking up the mysterious ball of tape and holding it between his thumb and index finger. He looked at John with raised eyebrows.
John didn’t know what to say, so he just raked a hand through his hair and smiled a ridiculous amount. Greg handed him a knife and Mrs Hudson put a stack of plates in front of him that the man behind the counter had handed her. Rosie cooed happily at the festivities from her high chair.
Thankfully, John seemed to forgive his idiocy quite easily. And thankfully, Sherlock was usually a quick learner.
Hey guys, so sorry for the delay in updating. I really hope that I will be able to write more often again starting next month. I’ve got the entire plot planned until the end, so I just need time to sit and write it all down.
Sherlock moved about restlessly while he talked, repeatedly appearing about to pick one thing up but then turning back to another, and pointing at random patches of air of which only he knew what thought they represented. He always did when his brain was in overdrive, in the middle of a case that had not yet presented its vital clue.
Then, an NSY arrest unit of six men entered the room from two sides simultaneously, catching her just enough by surprise that they had her in handcuffs on the second try already.
It was a kind of quiet, familial cosiness and companionship between the four of them (including Rosie), that Sherlock had only very rarely experienced before. He realised that this was what happiness felt like. Just being together with people who accepted you, and who were hardly ever annoying, really. Hannah’s practical stoicism and dry humour often lightened their glum situation, as did Rosie’s spontaneous, unrestrained cheeriness and wonder, and, of course, the marvel that was John’s unconditional love and affection.
As he sat there smiling like a fool at the back of Sherlock’s head, John realised that this was it. Pure happiness: every living person’s life goal. The way he felt right now was genuinely the biggest possible contrast to those two years after The Fall. As dark as that time had been, this, what they had now, entirely made up for it. It almost scared John to think there was no way life could get any better than this: being with his loved one almost 24/7, working together on challenging cases with ridiculous disguises and irregular working hours, leaving time to just have a bath on a Friday morning when the whim caught them. The two days he still worked at the surgery provided a basic income for the meagre months as well as a welcome connection to ‘normal life’. Living with a genius madman was not always easy, for sure, but all the same, John felt he had everything he could wish for, right there in his arms. He tightened his hold on Sherlock a bit and pressed a kiss to his temple.
that he had, as he’d been completely shutting himself off. It probably should have been no surprise that initially he’d automatically done that with John as well. He never let anyone this close and it was all somewhat mind-blowing.
That was not true, though. He knew for a fact that the liquid currently in his drip wouldn’t have that effect, although he couldn’t say why.
On that same day, using his Victorian Mind Palace to go back to the case of Emilia Ricoletti and the vengeful brides, he’d concluded that, due to Moriarty’s similarly elusive nature, it was very easy for anyone to pretend to be him and thus keep his legacy alive.
The next moment was rather dramatic indeed. A hitherto concealed door swung open in the far wall, just like Sherlock had expected, and James Wilder emerged from the smoke with Arthur. He held the handkerchief with the Holdernesse coat of arms to his nose.
As he sat cross-legged on their bed, he realised that he missed John impossibly more than he had during what they had come to call
When they looked at each other again, both smirking, their faces still only inches apart, John mouthed “I love you”. Sherlock mouthed back “I know” and was about to walk on, but in a swift movement John firmly grabbed his waist with both hands and turned Sherlock back towards him.
As he stood on the pavement in front of number 221 and routinely checked his surroundings before reaching for his key, he realised there was no need anymore. No more reason to double-check his every move, to scrutinise every person around him in the street.
“Well, yes. I didn’t want to leave your side, and…” His voice trailed off, not finishing the sentence.
After a while, Sherlock could feel the tension gradually seep out of John, but still, they remained standing there in that embrace, just breathing together.
And while he had never been one for cuddling and fluff, he found that with Sherlock, what he loved possibly as much as the sex, was just lazily lying entangled on the sofa together, studying the hairs on the other’s neck or the curves of the other’s auricle, or simply feeling each other’s warmth and listening to each other’s breathing. Just being
Sherlock felt just as knackered. He pulled in a long breath and held it for a few seconds to steady his nerves. Being interrogated as a witness to Mary’s death by Sally Donovan had taken every bit of his energy and every bit of focus from every single brain cell he possessed.
Eurus was genuinely smiling now. “I’ve been so busy trying to ruin your relationship with John Watson, when there was really no need, as you were perfectly capable of doing that yourselves, over and over again.” She cackled. “Look at what you did to yourself. What advantage did your moral code grant you?”
By the way, I felt the need to clarify that I am personally so lucky as to have dealt with only one relatively minor act of sexual aggression towards me, which nevertheless had such a big psychological impact on me that it made me want to explore in this piece of fiction what kind of long-term effects a more serious sex offence could have on someone, and also on their future relationships. Seeing as the aftermath of such things are different for everyone, and every individual deals with things in their own unique way, I hope that my conjecture of this is not too unrealistic, even though I made it up entirely.
Shit. “Well… the other day, she kept going on about how she loved Sherlock’s deerstalker hat.” He smiled sheepishly. He should really stop pulling random stuff out of his arse like this. Just stick to the lies he couldn’t avoid; keep in line with what he’d already written on his blog.
Sherlock’s eyes finally focused on John and a wide smile lit up his face, despite an overall tired expression.
. He probably should be opposed to the idea, should consider it immoral and preposterous... but he was the same man that enjoyed triple homicides and walked naked around the Buckingham Palace and on top of that he loved John Watson with all his heart and there was nothing in this world that could keep him away from him.
The plane was coming back to the spot where they said their goodbyes. John discovered he was moving, ignoring his name being called out behind him, when he noticed the stewardess opening the door before him.
But I love you more and I just need to get over it. Let you go like I never really did. I couldn't. Now I have to. I must. No choice left.
“I don’t give a single fuck, Mycroft. Close the door behind you,” he muttered, leaving the room, not looking behind him. He knew his brother’s OCD won’t let him leave the downstairs flat with any indication of their past presence.
Suddenly this thought slapped him across the face- he wasn't here anymore. He was gone. For good. And he was never coming back. Because who would love Sherlock Holmes when you can love your new family? Enormous pain was cutting through his chest as if trying to snap him into pieces and he couldn't keep the tears from spilling on his thighs. He didn't care if Mrs. Hudson realized what was going on. He simply stopped caring.
He got his keys out of the pocket with a trembling hand, inhaling deeply the rather cool air. The water vapour in his exhaled breath condensing into lots of tiny droplets of liquid water and ice that could be seen as a cloud, similar to fog. Like smoke. It didn’t tickle him though, like the good old smoke from the cigarette he was so eager to light.
Mycroft could only look after him, making sure he didn't take more drugs. Mrs. Hudson could only bring him tea and his favourite gingerbreads, hoping John and his detective won't make the same mistake she made with Margaret all those years back.
(armistice, capitulation, defeat, victory). Bombings and catastrophe- it’s finished when it’s quiet.
to hear how lovely it was, how everyone had so much fun and the food was so delicious, the bride, the groom! Oh, it was sooo fucking, tooth-rooting sweet and
There is a part of me that hopes you understand. That you know what I want to say... and even smaller part wishing for you to feel the same.
The mornings after were always painful, always full of headaches and sandpapers in his mouth. But he deserved it, you can't be always high on dopamine, it needs time to re-synthesize... or something. The curtains were drawn together, preventing rays of sunshine from invading his living space.
Mycroft's jaw dropped hearing Sherlock's words not sure how to behave. Was he supposed to participate in this madness or pretend he didn't exist, stand by and make sure Sherlock didn't hurt himself?
"We already had this conversation. You chose her. You will forgive her eventually. It will take time for you to trust her again but you will. You'll need someone when I am gone, John... And of course, you won't look at the memory stick she gave you, no, you prefer not to know."
What if the man who once took Sherlock away from him, was back to finish what he started? What if he succeeded this time? Once and for all destroyed Sherlock to the point of no return, to the point where not even Mycroft could help. The thought of losing Sherlock, before he even properly got him back (
"Stop this right now. I'm not in the mood," John was pacing around the room now, running fingers through his hair.
. But as he was snooping around he could feel the hole in his rib cage getting bigger and more painful with every second. Ignoring the unbearable suffering he threw a glance towards Mycroft startling him.
She reached for his hand and squeezed it reassuringly, trying to give him some comfort, an anchor that could bring him back from his tangled, dark thoughts. But the memories of the roof and the pool kept coming.
The warm fondness spilt out in his chest and took all his strength to not hug the device to his heart. Mentally he was already sitting in his chair, listening to Sherlock’s violin as he sipped his tea. He could almost smell Mrs Hudson’s scones when he washed the dishes and Sherlock’s expensive shampoo after he entered the bathroom right after him. He could smell Baker Street.
You close your cupid bow-shaped lips and look at my side of a ceiling. You are thinking, which means we both think, laying next to each other.
Mary sighed and took a seat opposite of Sherlock, looking at John worriedly. John frowned a bit in response. Why was she looking at him like that? Like she knew some-
John sighted not sure where to go from there. It shouldn't be this hard, he was a grown man, for Christ's sake! But it was. Because first- he was a British man and talking about his
"It's on the nightstand," he heard a familiar voice and with calculated movement, Sherlock reached for the glass filled with water.
“And what now? What is your plan?” he asked, watching Sherlock put his gloves on. Just before Sherlock had a chance to answer, Mycroft materialized next to them.
It was easy to think it, but all of a sudden the words just couldn't come out, form themself outside of safe harbour of John's mind. They stuck somewhere between cartilages building the larynx.
The ceiling was spinning and he needed a few seconds to realize he's laying on his back in a horizontal position on John's bed, breathing heavily and clutching something fiercely in his hand. The ultimate on-switch. Sherlock raised his hand to his eyes, hearing the sound of metal hitting metal as he did so, only to finally focus his gaze on John's dog tags- his
Three seconds of nothingness are embracing him, his chest, his body, his mind. He overcomes the panic now, but the first time he experienced this particular feeling of nothing he called his mother out loud. He thought he was dying.
He likes to say he is the British Government, is this the best they can do? After all those things you did for them, it would be nice to be a little bit more grateful.
Are you telling me I shouldn't blame her? That after you leave I should give Mary a second chance and have children with her?
The big clock with red numbers in Sherlock’s mind was counting down a minute when he got up and unsteadily made his way to the sink to pour out the rest of the water from the glass and rinse the spoon of the remainings of his drug. He put it back on the dryer and on his way out, put the lighter on its place, shoving plastic packages to his trouser’s pocket. He didn’t care if Mrs Hudson spotted there was something wrong with her kitchen if anyone was here. He
He was sure that he'd rather look for the "on switch" than listen to Sherlock asking Doctor John Watson to take him, so he tried to redirect Sherlock's mind into a different direction than the imagined
The lungs. Expanding and contracting, trying to do both at the same time. Air is making its way in and out, no, before it flows in, it’s already flowing out. No time to breathe. Stop breathing, lettheheartthroughohmygod. Come on!
even if lasted only for one minute, was already shit. Water, his brain pleaded, bring me some water...
"John, you are stupid," you interrupt my train of thoughts, "do you really think it was all about Mary? Can't you remember what Magnussen said? Pressure point. You are my pressure point."
"The bloody dress, the flowers, the maids, the place, the food, everything so bloody perfect! So fucking perfect, wasn't it John?" ignoring Mycroft's presence maybe even not acknowledging it, he stood up abruptly, throwing everything on the floor, stomping on it. "How did you like my speech, huh? How did you like my love confession, wrapped up in the Best Man's speech, did you enjoy it?
Mycroft stood in the doorway with frightened expression looking at the syringe protruding from Sherlock’s forearm, but he could see that the cocaine didn’t enter his blood system yet. He couldn’t run, he couldn’t stand, so he made one tentative step forward, not diverting his eyes from his brother. Sherlock was so deep in his emotional pain and so desperate to block out the Moriarty’s face and his voice, that in a split second when he saw Mycroft reaching his hand towards him he panicked. He knew Mycroft will take it away from him, his cocaine, his silence.
He couldn’t remind himself when was the last time he was enjoying the view of needle’s barrel filling itself with cocaine. It was a long time ago, before John.
Water spilled over the top of the glass and Sherlock hissed with exasperation, turning off the tap and emptying the vessel, so it’s only half empty (full?).
The mornings after were always painful, always full of headaches and sandpapers in his mouth. But he deserved it, you can't be always high on dopamine, it needs time to re-synthesize... or something. The curtains were drawn together, preventing rays of sunshine from invading his living space.
I could always sit on the couch to avoid it but I enjoy it. I sometimes look back at you also there are times I am too tired to play this game and I just go to my bed upstairs wishing you won't stay up all night. You need to sleep. But from time to time I just look back at you.
There was no point in asking how much did he take, but judging by the size of the spoon and little plastic bag Sherlock left on the table, containing at least half of its initial content, Mycroft estimated that in his little brother’s blood system was circulating at least 1.1g of cocaine.
Mycroft furrowed his brow and made a step towards his little brother, who looked like he wanted to get up but wasn't able to. Did he hear
He wants to call out Mycroft, to call for help, because he can’t control himself. He should throw the syringe at the wall… but at the same time, he wanted it so bad. So bad to see double, to
The floor above his head creaked again but this time he could hear steps too, hesitating yet firm, light but even.
A stewardess closes the door and soon after we can hear the engines starting to work. Mary takes my hand. Left one. The right one is yours, I can still feel your touch.
Mycroft's car stops abruptly and he gets out. He is on the phone, a mixture of shock and fear on his face, furrowed brows.
“Sherlock!” Mycroft’s voice was distant, too distant to stop the motion, to stop the needle from piercing his delicate, white skin.
With visibly growing impatience, Sherlock tried to put the key into the lock but every object around him, or so he thought, decided to recalcitrate and he couldn’t hit it right for the first two times, eventually managing it at the third.
"More, where is more? Where is my syringe? I bought two grams of coke, where is the rest? I need more."
Until yesterday I thought this is the most human I saw you. As I stood next to that white, freshly cleaned sofa I saw you on the screen, digging me up from under the bonfire, not caring about the flames around us. My heart skips a beat when I remind myself of a fear I was experiencing then. No, John, this is not the time.
Everything stops around me. I suddenly don't want to talk about Mary, about marriage, my head starts to hurt. Divorce?
He was getting too old for that, this morning after even if lasted only for one minute, was already shit. Water, his brain pleaded, bring me some water...
“He is dead. I mean, you told me he is dead. Moriarty,” but John didn’t even have enough strength to respond dismissively. All he cared about was that Sherlock was coming back. Oh my God,
Sherlock started to clutch at his shirt, not making any sound, just staring blankly at the ceiling, not noticing his brother crouching on the lower stair, taking his pulse. Tachycardia. Not a surprise.
occur in my mind especially at night when Mary is sleeping beside me. That every time I sip my coffee or tea I won't think of you sitting opposite of me, drinking from your mug. You never told me you liked my tea or coffee but the fact that you drank it was enough for me. We learnt to communicate without words and when the realization of our bond hits me I almost forget how to breathe. Again.
John clenched his teeth. Right. Mary won’t be happy about it. He took a deep breath, to hell with it!
But it wasn't love, it was for the case. I think the closest you've ever been to being in love was with Irene Adler. Even the thought of her hurts me, more than the thought of you kissing Janine. How is that possible? To be hurt by a single thought.
I think about your name. William is a nice name, you never told me that Sherlock isn't your first name or why you never use it. Is it too
