Emma rolls her eyes. “Don’t worry, he’s all bark and no bite. He won’t say anything, it won’t be a good look for him either if he goes after you.”
Sherlock looks at her, the hundreds of individual data points that make up Irene Adler, trying to gauge how serious she is about this.
He literally stumbles over John, who’s sitting on the steps leading down to the garden, cane balanced on his lap. Sherlock’s foot snags on the cane, and John grabs him before he can face-plant on the gravel path.
He hits ‘send’ and wishes for a moment that he could hear John’s answering laugh, could see the little laugh lines crinkle around his eyes.
For a moment, John thinks Sherlock won’t answer, then he says, quietly, calmly, “That was a mistake. One I won’t make again.”
“Doesn’t mean we can’t have dessert,” Sherlock says, hoping to get that expression off John’s face, that deflated, slightly self-conscious look.
Molly wipes her sweaty forehead on the sleeve of her t-shirt and doesn’t answer for a moment, stepping back to her workstation. “Hm. I’d say creativity. You have to be willing to try things out. If it fails, it fails, but if you never try, you never learn.”
For maybe the very first time in his life, Sherlock would like nothing more than to go back to sleep. But he can’t. Images from his journey into his mind palace flit around behind his eyelids every time he closes his eyes. John kissing him, John yelling at him, John leaving, leaving, leaving.
Sherlock bends to pick up another stone and lets his fingers carefully drift over several candidates. Too light. Too heavy. Too thick. Just right. He gets up and flings the stone at the water. Eight. “There’s a lot of wind tonight,” he observes, even though not a leaf is stirring.
John looks around at the rapidly dispersing cast and crew. “Wow, I really know how to clear a room,” he says.
“You should talk to Janine. She can probably help you with the paperwork,” John says, shielding his eyes against the sun. “Do you think I’ll poison the ducks if I feed them this muffin?”
Cool, callused fingers grab his wrist and stop him. He turns again and meets John’s eyes, and suddenly he can’t breathe, and John is in his space and his hands are in John’s hair and they’re kissing as if the world would end if they didn’t, and Sherlock isn’t sure that it wouldn’t.
John knows how he feels, because he feels pretty much the same. But John is gritting his teeth and keeping calm and carrying on and all that toss, mainly because he’s so used to it by now. Life has been shit for so long that it doesn’t make all that much of a difference if he’s here or there. Ever since his dad died, it’s been a downhill slide, first his sister left, then his mum grew distant and less and less interested in him, school was a horrible lie, telling him he had a bright future when his destiny was clearly to die in a muddy trench in France somewhere. So being here isn’t as bad as it could be, at least there aren’t any air raids.
The guardsman scratches his beard, contemplating the two of them. “Come on, then. I’ll take you to Lestrade.”
“Mhmmm… can you wake me like this every day?” John mutters between slow, sweet kisses that are still demanding and pushy enough for Sherlock to know that John has a destination in mind.
Traffic decreases, and pedestrians are few and far between when he finally allows himself to acknowledge where he ended up.
Sherlock shrugs. John’s pasties are… well, they’re edible. The pastry is good, they’re crimped adequately, and they’re baked to perfection, but the filling is…
I’m not sure whether the connection between nostalgia and Punschkrapfen is immediately apparent to a non-Austrian, but to me they’re almost inseparable from the idea of sixties decor and formica tables and being a kid and only ever wanting to eat the pink icing. The  chain that’s famous for its Punschkrapfen, Aida, is leaning heavily into the fact that they haven’t re-decorated since the early Sixties, and you can tell; it’s all formica tabletops, dark panelling and cracked leather. Also, the pink of their logo is the perfect Punschkrapfen pink.
“I’ve never given it a moment’s thought, to be honest,” Sherlock says, altogether more defensive than is warranted. He doesn’t add that it’s been years since he even celebrated his birthday, years since he thought about it, years since he wanted to. Years since anyone even asked.
. Weaknesses, all of them. Friends, landladies, brothers even, and whatever you are. Pet? Plaything? Distraction?”
Sherlock turns and straightens to his full height, looming over Moriarty. “You listen to me,” he says, trying to make his tone as menacing as he can, “I don’t care what kind of fantasies you’ve concocted in your twisted brain about you and me. And I don’t care how much dirt you fling at me on the Internet. But if you go after John Watson, I will destroy you. Total war, scorched earth, no survivors. Are we clear?”
“This is really good,” John says as he blows on the half-eaten pasty in his hand. They’re really still too hot to eat, but neither of them wanted to wait any longer. John is wearing one of Sherlock’s aprons after taking off his sex-stained shirt. It’s currently drying over the radiator, and Sherlock is sort of dreading the moment it will be dry enough to wear, because then John will probably leave.
that they always used you against me. That Moriarty and Moran always held your life in balance with whatever they wanted. I couldn’t stand it anymore. I knew that sooner or later, we wouldn’t be fast or good or
They play for a while in relative quiet; the only words passing between them are related to the game. Sherlock is beating John soundly after about five minutes, which is unusual, because normally John hangs on a lot longer than that, mostly by being by and large the most unpredictable opponent Sherlock has ever played, but obviously his mind isn’t really on the game. Sherlock’s isn’t, either, but it’s less obvious with him, because even at half capacity, he’s still a better player than most people on their best days.
“John,” he says, quietly, barely audibly over the chattering of the other bakers congratulating each other on their respective birthday cakes.
He re-checks his setting and goes over to the theatre once more to see whether everybody’s doing all right.
It’s three days to the final, and Sherlock isn’t any closer to figuring out what’s wrong with his mince pies. It’s frustrating in the extreme.
By the time John sinks down on Sherlock’s cock, they’re both trembling with anticipation. If he’s ever experienced something hotter than John finger-fucking himself before rolling a condom on Sherlock’s cock and slicking it with lube, he can’t remember it.
“Hey,” John says gently, taking Sherlock’s chin in his hand and turning Sherlock’s head so he has to look at John. “This isn’t a trick question. There are no wrong answers here. If the answer is no thank you, how about you suck me off with that pretty mouth of yours, then that’s also fine.” John grinds back against Sherlock, rubbing their cocks together, and Sherlock gasps. “More than fine,” John breathes, voice not entirely steady. He leans down and kisses Sherlock, deep and dirty. “Tell me what you want,” he whispers against Sherlock’s lips. “Tell me how to make you feel good, you absolutely gorgeous bastard.”
And he was listening back then, but he was too scared to believe what he was hearing. And he’s listening now, and he hears the same thing.
From the corner of his eyes, he can see John’s lips twitch in suppressed amusement, and adrenaline floods his body, making his fingers tingle.
"Listen." Janine leans in and drops her voice. "I know this isn't what you wanted, or what you need right now, but it's still a good thing that will help you pay your rent every month."
He doesn’t know how he gets to the cemetery, he doesn’t know where the gun comes from, he only knows this must end right now. Right now.
With obvious effort, John pulls himself off the couch and holds out his hand. “Come on, genius, let’s get you to bed.”
And he certainly isn’t rehearsing how to play this in his head. He hasn’t, has not tried out several first lines to Sherlock in his head. He’s definitely not going back and forth between Hello, Hi and Good Afternoon, Mr Holmes. No, definitely not Mr Holmes. Pretending they don’t know each other won’t work.
“Tale as old as time, I suppose. Man works too much and gets divorced. Wife moves away, takes children. Man starts drinking.” John smirks humourlessly. “Bit of a cautionary tale, really.”
“Nice?” John raises his eyebrows and smirks, leaning in to mutter, “The noises you made sounded a hell of a lot better than nice.”
John runs up the stairs as quickly as his feet carry him. He bursts into the room, and Sherlock looks up from the book he’s reading, surprised by John’s sudden entry.
John lifts his shoulders a little in a helpless gesture. “No, we were alone. Sherlock stepped on a stone, and then the clearing exploded.”
That’s far too close to discussing John’s marriage, as far as Sherlock is concerned, which is the last thing he wants to do. So he asks, “How long has it been this bad?”
Sherlock hates himself a bit for the heat that rises on his face, and he hopes he can blame it on the temperature, which has reached the boiling point.
“You know very well why I won’t give you the money,” Mycroft says, carefully letting the last drop of tea drip off his spoon before setting it down on the saucer. He reaches for another one of the miniscule, bite-sized scones - still warm - and dips it in the strawberry jam - homemade. “This is excellent, by the way.”
They don't return to Baker Street right away, but roam the city streets. They both love walking around the city, just getting to know it, the noises and the people, shops and carts and horses and dogs barking. Temera is a lively place, teeming with food vendors and street performers. Sherlock never takes the same route twice, and John loves walking after him, always feeling like he's about to be whirled into the next adventure, even if it's only watching a juggler or buying an especially tasty hot treat.
Sherlock smiles a bit sadly, and John’s heart gives a twist inside his chest. “Pig hearts aren’t for the weak-stomached.”
The stab wound isn’t that deep, but it’s awkwardly placed. The blade went into the muscle of John’s upper thigh, barely missing his femoral artery.
From this chapter on, as per request, I will share inspirations and recipes. Since many of the recipes I drew inspiration from are in German, I tried to find English equivalents, which sometimes wasn’t that easy.
The twelve workstations have already been prepared. Oven, KitchenAid, two hot plates, workspace, fridge and freezer.
There’s an audible snapping sound, and everybody looks at John, who’s making notes in his book with his back turned to them and who just snapped the pencil he was holding in two. Silence descends. John looks down at his hand, clearly embarrassed, and mutters something about having to check with the carpenters, which is a poor excuse, because the rehearsal room is a mess, and Sherlock knows John would never leave the room like this. Adriana and Seb exchange a look and follow John out, and Lestrade looks between Irene and Sherlock.
“Oh my god, listen to this: From user - I kid you not - bigcuckenergy: You’re (spelled y-o-u-r of course) really hot (really spelled with one l) how about a threesome.”
They chat for a bit longer, and Victor teases him about being on telly, and they part with a warm hug and a promise to stay in touch which Sherlock has no intention of keeping.
Janine is watching him from the kitchen table, cup of tea in front of her, occasionally glancing at her phone. “What are you doing, exactly?”
John has been mostly silent, occasionally correcting Lestrade about the blocking or a prop, cooly professional, the perfect DSM as always, looking unfazed and unflappable the way only John Watson can. He’d forgotten this about John, how he was always so calm in the chaos of backstage, especially when something went wrong, how he’d never yell or run or lose that almost zen-like quality of being within the eye of the storm.
Mrs Hudson’s eyes settle on a picture. “Not necessarily,” she muses, pointing at the picture she’s looking at.
John is asleep on the couch. The room is bathed in moonlight. It’s stuffy and messy, books everywhere, papers everywhere, the kitchen is a disaster area. It’s smaller than Sherlock remembers. It’s absolutely perfect.
Sherlock does. He sees faint lines and freckles, grey-green flecks in John’s very blue eyes. A small frown line between his eyes. Short hair, too short for gripping, but it feels wonderful under Sherlock’s fingers all the same when he lifts his hand to stroke over the back of John’s head. He can feel the bone of John’s skull. If his hair was shorter, or maybe if it was gone altogether, Sherlock might be able to feel where the individual bones have knit together to form the back of John’s head.
And when it finally does, when John finally draws a long, shuddering breath, Sherlock presses a wet, sloppy kiss to his lips. John’s cheeks are red where Sherlock has gripped them with his bloody hands.
“Oh, fuck off,” Janine says, but she’s smiling at him a bit crookedly, as though she knows he’s got a point.
“Oh, Johnny boy,” Jim sing-songs. “You’re lucky I’m in a playful mood. Otherwise I’d just torture you until you’d tell me where the lodestone is.”
Molly looks up from re-folding her puff pastry for the third time and smiles at Mrs Turner. “Thank you. It’s going well, though I’m hating myself a bit for the puff pastry.”
“You might have some trouble getting back to Harriet’s in Wimbledon tonight,” Sherlock points out as they walk to the lifts together. “It’s been snowing steadily for an hour, and if my calculations are correct, which they always are, the trains will only run for thirty more minutes.”
But a part of him wants nothing more than to get into a cab and go to Baker Street and see Sherlock Holmes sitting in his chair, waiting for him to sit in his. He wants to make them tea, and bicker about milk; he wants to scour the paper while Sherlock plays the violin; he wants cases and adventure and pointless danger and all the stupid, silly, unimportant things they used to argue about.
“Next time we should definitely wait for Lestrade,” John whispers as Sherlock easily - too easily - picks the lock of Violet Jones’ tiny one-room flat in a tenement down by the river.
Sherlock stomps back into the room, apparently highly incensed at the lack of a corpse. “This is so very tedious,” he mutters. “Nothing ever happens in this godforsaken city.”
John grabs the coffee and two scones from Speedy’s that are sitting on the coffee table. “Oh god, breakfast, thank you!”
Sherlock just stands there and breathes, listening to the low murmur of voices as the audience finds their seats.
“However,” Moran continues, and Jim’s smirk vanishes as quickly as it appeared, “I have to say, after today… let’s just say that John actually took our criticism to heart and made a wonderful, inventive, incredibly tasty dessert today.”
John’s stomach rumbles, loudly. John rubs the back of his neck, embarrassed, grinning ruefully at Sherlock.
It takes under ten minutes to get to the clinic, and Sherlock leads them through the back door right into the basement morgue.
“Who says I’ve taken anything?” Sherlock asks, even though he knows how obvious it must be for John. Elevated heart rate. Dilated pupils. Wetness around the nose. Constant sniffing. And of course John has surely tasted it on his tongue, sharp and bitter.
It’s the middle of the night, and it’s been ten days since he’s last spoken to John. His calls go to voicemail, his texts go unanswered. The blog is gone. The email has been deleted.
Sherlock narrows his eyes at her. “Dorset, I’d say, but your mother’s from Ireland. Your parents, who are both dead, owned a potato farm. You lived in an orphanage until you joined the Land Girls, where you met Violet. You’re short-sighted, but your glasses broke, probably when you came through the Gate.”
Sherlock turns his attention back to the book as John mutters under his breath grumpily and continues putting together his cake. He’s reading the baking instructions for what apparently used to be John’s birthday cake. It’s a relatively simple poppy seed cake with a jam filling and a chocolate icing, but the baking instructions are odd, because if one follows these instructions, the cake will rise and then collapse again.
“Cut!” Glen yells from the director’s chair, and everyone in the tent lets out a big breath of relief.
They’re wedged into a table of their favourite pub, just around the corner from the theatre, where the owner knows their names and turns a blind eye to the occasional cigarette. John’s sitting between Mary and Molly, and Sally and Dimmock, their carpenter/sound designer/driver, on the opposite side.
Sherlock has wrapped a leather thong around it so he can let it spin – he likes doing that while he thinks, John's discovered – and he dangles it in the air now. The stone spins for a bit, and then it points towards the forest.
“Durham, I’d say. Coal mining family, hit hard during the Depression. You have the look of somebody who was fed well in childhood but undernourished in puberty. Ran away to London when you were no older than fourteen, fell in with some unsavoury chaps and served a short prison sentence where you got this thoroughly disreputable tattoo on your forearm. Really, a skull and crossbones? Not very original.”
Sherlock snorts. “Lestrade’s an idiot. He won’t believe us, and he’ll tell us off for investigating on our own.”
She gives him a thumbs-up. “Great. Now let’s see, I want to get a bit more for Glen, so he has a choice of what he’s going to use. Why did you decide to enter the Great British Bake Off?”
Sherlock’s memory of their second kiss is somewhat fuzzy, but he supposes he can’t be blamed for it under the circumstances.
John swallows hard. He’d forgotten that goddamned voice. “Hello, Sherlock.” He smiles back, and he hopes it looks genuine. “Thanks for helping us out.”
John relaxes back against him, warm and trusting and sure, and suddenly Sherlock can see it perfectly. Small ceremony. Expensive suits. No jumpers in sight. Canapes, good champagne. Rings, worn on thin silver chains around their necks when they’re working with their hands all day. Promises that no longer scare him, that say
It’s not that he didn’t expect John to be sad about his death. Mrs Hudson was sad. Lestrade was sad. John was... bereft.
John curses under his breath. Sherlock. Of course. Couldn’t wait for backup, had to go in there to play the bloody hero.
“Right.” John grabs Sherlock’s coat from the hook by the door and all but shoves him in the direction of the door. “Coffee. Breakfast. Now.”
Peggy always let him help with the cooking and the baking, until his mother discovered it, and got Sherlock his first chemistry set so he could, in her words, “learn something useful while messing around”. Sherlock loved the chemistry set, but he didn’t understand, and still doesn’t to this day, why he wasn’t allowed to view the same principles at work because the results were edible.
John laughs and drains his cup. “Sounds about right.” He scratches the back of his head, and his smile takes on an embarrassed note. “Listen, I need to go. I’ve got work in two hours, and I need to shower and change. Do you have any idea where my trousers are?”
Walking is better. Re-acclimating himself to the city he loves is better than sitting in his flat, brooding. He used to do this when he couldn’t sleep as a student, sometimes, when he’d needed to get a difficult part into his head, just let his feet take him through the streets of London, the top layers of his mind thinking of the lines, the lower layers keeping track of where he was. The splitting of his attention cleared his mind of clutter, and afterwards he always had it in his head, whatever the part, however difficult.
Instead he goes back to his empty flat and goes to bed alone, wondering which of his bad decisions will haunt him this time.
“Likewise,” Sherlock says and wishes that John Watson’s attractiveness were in any way diminished by him being sweaty, covered in flour and wearing an ugly apron.
Sherlock looks at her for a moment like he thinks she’s lost her mind. “John is allergic to lilies,” he finally snaps, the
“Now, go to bed before you fall down,” Sherlock says, tone softening. “You look absolutely terrible.”
“No,” Sherlock all but growls, hating Lestrade a bit for breaking their comfortable bubble. “Lestrade just wants to alert the entire neighbourhood to our presence.”
“Here,” Sherlock says, handing John a jar of ointment and a few white pills. “I went by the clinic to pick this up for you. Also, Molly said you don’t have to come in for the next few days because of your injuries.”
John blinks up at her, feeling overwhelmed by life and entirely unprepared for bride rage. “What time is it?” he asks.
The crew ignore him while he checks the workstations, they’re used to him doing it by now. Emma the contestant wrangler greets him cheerfully and hands him the key and directions to their accomodation. He thanks her with a dismissive hand wave and starts setting up his equipment.
If they weren’t lying as closely together, John would miss the subtle relaxation in Sherlock’s posture, the almost inaudible sigh of relief. John smiles into the darkness.
“In other words, you did it for the same reason people are usually nice to each other,” John says, and there’s a note of fond amusement in his voice that makes Sherlock feel ever so slightly stupid. John is the only person who can make Sherlock feel stupid and who Sherlock doesn’t resent for it.
John goes completely still, and for a moment it seems like he’s stopped breathing as well, and Sherlock looks away from him, over the lake, because he can’t say any of this while looking at John watching him.
Working with his hands, the dough between his fingers, does wonders for his nerves. It tethers his body and focuses his mind on the here and now, on the immediacy of the moment.
The hosts startle him out of his baking trance. “So, Sherlock, many of our viewers probably know your YouTube channel and are dying to know what you’re making,” Mrs Hudson starts, looking around his workstation.
“I don’t care what you did with other people when you were high. You. Will. Not. Do. This. With. Me,” John says, low and angry, smile completely gone now. “I will not be an experiment, Sherlock.”
“Not as long as they think you’ll break,” John agrees. “So you need to give them something. Soon. Before they break you for real and you give them everything.”
“You don’t have to apologise for anything,” Sherlock answers, and he hates himself a bit for the quiver in his voice that mirrors the tremor in his knees.
They’re in Rome for a few days, a layover between Sofia and Kiev, to meet an associate of Mycroft’s who can give them information about the Topulev crime family.
Sherlock finishes applying the ointment but doesn't let go of John's under-shirt, studying the bruises with the intense attention he usually reserves for unsolvable puzzles - and occasionally John Watson. John feels slightly dizzy and strangely hot, like the temperature in the room has suddenly risen significantly.
“What do you think it's pointing to?” John asks, following the direction the lodestone's indicating.
Silence falls, again, as they stare at each other in wordless emotion, and Sherlock slowly but surely begins to panic. What to say, it can’t be this difficult, what to say.
“All right,” Sherlock whispers, and lets John manhandle him into his room, lets him pull off his coat and scarf and shoes, lets John push him on the bed. He grabs at John’s arm, tries to pull him down with him, but John moves out of range, then out of sight, then out of the room.
“You’ve taken our criticism to heart, John, and this is both delicious and inventive. Well done.” Lestrade nods at John.
Sherlock grumbles something  under his breath about Hippocratic oaths and doing no harm, but he unbuttons his shirt and lets John take a look at the gash in his shoulder.
“Adrenaline is a mood-altering substance,” John says, but there’s mischief in his eyes and he can’t seem to help laughing at Sherlock’s outraged expression.
“I don’t have your number,” Sherlock says dumbly, like he can’t move before John gives him his number. His entire awareness has narrowed down to John’s hand on his arm and how insanely good it feels to be touched.
Irene is flirting with him. And not subtly. Sherlock thinks he will have to have the talk with her soon. Right now he’s just trying to react as little as possible, because the tension elevates the performance.
Sherlock’s leaning against the wall next to the main entrance of the theatre, taking a deep drag of the cigarette he bummed from one of the stage hands and cursing himself for the biggest idiot in human history.
Moran steps up to John and leans down, grinning at him. “He makes me money,” he stage-whispers to John.
The soothing sounds of Rosie’s nightly ritual float slowly through the floorboards and down the staircase. John’s quiet voice, flowing in rising and falling cadences as he reads Rosie’s sleep book. Bedsprings groan as Rosie crawls into bed and John sits on the side of her bed.
Sherlock hums a yes. Kettle, cupboard, fridge, cupboard again. Spoons clatter into mugs. A symphony of all of their years together.
Sherlock kisses him. It’s an instinctive, knee-jerk reaction, his body overriding his mind with a longing for warm-more-closer-now.
“We spent the night in the woods, and the next day we were trying to figure out what to do when we realised we weren’t alone in the woods. There were men, and they were doing something to that stone circle, you know the one.Well, they caught us watching, and they made us tell them what happened. And then one of them just sort of… laughed at us.” She shudders. “Told us he’d help us disappear.”
"Well, just get some Pompous Git Shop gift certificates for my brother, and some sticks for my parents' arses, and my family is set."
Then she pulls them both into a three-way hug and plants loud, wet, wholly unnecessary kisses on their cheeks. “Hello boys.”
John grins. “Wasn’t trying to be. So. Girlfriend? Boyfriend? Both? Husband, wife, three adorable kids?”
“Just wait until I’m done with you,” Sherlock whispers against John’s lips, and sticks his hand down John’s pants.
It was six months before he realised he’d effectively dropped out of Uni without even realising it in the constant rhythm of rehearsal, performance, rehearsal, performance, but around that time he got his first actual, paying job with an actual theatre company, and he hasn’t looked back since.
He’s done setting up when John walks in, carrying his usual duffle bag. He pauses at the entrance, and the tent falls silent as everybody pauses their work to quite openly watch as John walks over to his workstation next to Sherlock’s.
He lets John go when John nods at him, and Sherlock arranges his scones and the jam on his cake stand in a sort of John-Watson-induced trance.
He slowly sits up, which takes a not inconsiderable amount of effort, and methodically detaches the IV line from his arm before making his way to the bathroom.
“I would hardly term a moderately popular YouTube channel a success.” Mycroft puts the napkin down and finishes his tea with an air of finality. “I have no interest in supporting this frivolous hobby. Come to me with a serious business proposition, and I will reconsider.”
John didn’t answer his emails, or pick up the phone at Harry’s, and the three times Sherlock showed up at Harry’s doorstep, he didn’t even open the door.
But John… nothing of what he feels for John is anything like what he feels for Molly, or Lestrade, or Mrs Hudson. For one thing, he misses John very much when he isn’t around, and he can go literal years without seeing any of his other friends without feeling that hollow longing feeling he had when he was away. Also, he never much cared what they thought of him, and sometimes he feels like his entire self-worth is based on what John thinks about him. Objectively, he doesn’t see why that should be so, because John is neither especially perceptive nor extraordinarily clever.
She pats his cheek. “You’re a dear boy,” she says, smiling at him. “I’m glad you came to stay with me. Both of you,” she nods in the direction Sherlock disappeared to. “He’s an odd one, that boy. But you can tell his heart’s in the right place.”
So that’s how Sherlock sees them. A mistake. It shouldn’t hurt this much after all this time, but it does.
John collapses against him, sticky and sweaty and disgusting, and Sherlock wants to never move again.
“I’ve been told to let you know that one of our sponsors want to have a chat with you. They’re impressed with your social media numbers, and they expect interaction to go up after the mini-Bake Off you did with John.”
The doctor is holding a candle in front of his eyes now and asking him to follow the light. Sherlock manages to roll his eyes but he complies, and the doctor appears satisfied.
“Well,” John says, suddenly immensely tired. The fight goes out of him in a rush. Fine, then. If the only person he has here doesn’t want him there any more, he’ll go it alone. Won’t be the first time. “I wonder why that is,” he says quietly and goes back to bed without a word.
Sherlock has to close his eyes against the complicated emotion twisting through his entire body, then moves down John’s body and loses himself in lust once more.
John goes cold all over. He glances at Sherlock, who’s got an inscrutable look on his face. It’s tempting, that offer. Say yes and Jim will send them home. Forget Violet, and Kitty, and who knows whom else, just pass through the gate and be home again.
He drops his eyes and looks at his hands, heart beating like he just played an especially energetic game of rugby. “I honestly don't know.”
It’s long after midnight when John is finally declared fit to leave. He feels like he’s been run over by a bus, still drowsy from the drugs that were used by whoever kidnapped him to knock him out, and his lungs hurt from the smoke inhalation.
John, who’s been dead asleep in spite of his worry, since he was near an explosion the day before and has more bruises than he can count, thank you very much, wakes immediately and turns up the lamp. “Where in all the blazes were you?” he snaps.
Molly puts down her magazine and looks at him severely. “Just so you know,” she says, her tone brittle and cool. “If you break his heart again, we’ll kill you.”
Silence falls, and Sherlock doesn’t know what to say, because for all the times he’s done this, all of the times and different ways he explained and apologised and fought, he’s never had a John Watson who just didn’t seem to care.
“Well, it doesn’t really matter all that much, since I’m bound for the Army anyway, you know, family tradition and all,” John concedes.
Sherlock stays on the fire escape until his fingers are numb, and he wishes the cold could numb that aching emptiness behind his breastbone as well.
He’s sorely tempted to hit ‘ignore’, but he knows Martha Hudson. She’ll try again and again until she gets him on the phone.
“Remember the mouse, Molly?” John says, taking a sip of his beer and shifting so Mary, who’s leaning against him on the sofa, isn’t poking her elbow into his ribs.
Sherlock nods, because he knows this intimately and perfectly. It’s the reason Sherlock has no friends at all.
He doesn’t know what to say. He knows he would have panicked and made a fool of himself without Sherlock there, and he knows Sherlock knows it.
He picks up his dressing gown from the floor and puts it on, then goes into the kitchen to find coffee.
He gets up and puts the blanket aside, then goes into the kitchen on quiet stockinged feet to get some water.
Sherlock has rarely needed a cigarette more than he does right now, so he bypasses the busy pub and goes straight outside, where he’s sure he will find a smoker he can bum one from.
Sherlock ignores him and starts examining the workstations for drafts, quality of ovens, fridge temperatures and so on. The crew pay no attention to them. John sits down on one of the crates and watches him carefully.
Three workstations have been erected, identical to those in the tent, but with an extra kitchen block to give them more space. Sherlock can see even from a distance that his is in the centre, John’s to the left and Molly’s to the right.
They stop in front of a three-storied building similar to the Magistrate’s office in style, with a sign in English and Feyara that just says “Medic”.
Sherlock just grunts and notes down a few thoughts. John thinks about getting to his feet, then decides against it. He closes his eyes, just for a few seconds…
Sherlock is quite beyond speech at this point. He just nods against John, sweaty forehead pressed against his shoulder.
The other boys dislike Sherlock, and it’s easy to see why. He’s blunt to the point of rudeness to everybody, snaps at John for being slow, constantly wakes him up at ungodly hours to tell him what an idiot everybody’s being, has already left several of his things strewn in John’s room, has no concept of peoples’ need to eat and sleep, sometimes ignores John for hours and then follows him around like a puppy, and has little to no concept of personal possessions, like John’s socks, or John’s pens, or John’s mug of tea.
“This isn’t a game,” John says, holding eye contact with Sherlock but gesturing at the dead body on the slab between them.
“Was he?” Sherlock is playing nonchalant, but John can see he’s highly interested, even fascinated. “Tell me a little about Jim. Seeing as you’ll kill me anyway, it won’t matter.”
There’s a noticeable pause before John answers, all exasperated fondness, “No, but you are exactly the type to think you need to do everything by yourself, and I just wanted to remind you that you don’t.”
She looks up. He gives her a small smile that’s more a grimace, but she smiles back, her posture relaxing somewhat. “We can fix this,” he says, and even as he speaks the words he knows they’re a lie.  He will never trust her again, and at the first sign of trouble, she’ll run.
The silence is the worst. It’s accumulated silence, layered. Eight months of nothing. No poetry, no song, no laughter, no inconvenient coughing, no rustling of clothes or sweets, no mobile phones disturbing a dramatic death scene.
“Me neither,” Mr Chatterjee says, nodding at the pie. “It’s a perfectly normal, perfectly fine mince pie.”
He rubs at his eyes and powers down the company laptop. Then he goes through the stage door and starts setting up his stage manager corner. His book is already there, and his walkie-talkie is charging next to the monitor. He gets his water bottle, the gaffer tape, the sewing kit, the first-aid kit and the small toolbox he always keeps by his desk. Then he takes a second just to breathe. The wood-paint-dust flying into the lights stage smell always calms him down and fills him with a great sense of perspective. Everything is a moment. Moments pass. Stubbed toes, dropped props, missed opportunities. They all pass. And the lights go on, the audience leaves, and you get to do it again the next day. And the day after that. No matter what, the show goes on. Life goes on.
“Poppy seeds are highly unusual for an English high tea, and I’m going to insist on calling it a pastry because I’m not sure I can pronounce the word you used to describe it,” Lestrade adds. “But it’s bloody delicious and I want the recipe.”
John sighs and gives him a tired half-smile. “I need to try to get some sleep. And you as well. I won’t even ask when you last got a good night’s sleep, because I can see it’s been too bloody long. Help me get out of this chair?”
But sometimes, when Sherlock looks at him like he’s the most interesting person in the world, like he’s the only one worth listening to, the only one worth
For a moment, Sherlock is quiet. Then he sighs and stops writing. “Truth be told, John, I don’t know.” He gestures at the equations. “This is a waste of time. Understanding the physics of it is important, but it won’t get us anywhere.”
John snorts, a harsh unamused sound. “No, it’s my head that’s fucked up. Doesn’t change the fact that if I get up right now, I’ll fall flat on my face, and as much as I might deserve it, my daughter doesn’t.”
If he continues to make good content, he can translate the surge in popularity into the increase in revenue he needs without having to go through another tedious weekend. He posted a new video today in response to the surge, about how not to use a KitchenAid, and he already has more hits and comments in a few hours than he normally gets on videos in weeks.
Sherlock shrugs, and John gives him a last nod and smile and says good night. He opens the door and the rain swallows him from Sherlock’s sight almost immediately, and Sherlock wants to follow him inside and strip off his rain-soaked clothes and make a cup of tea and sit on the sofa with the telly on, eat Chinese take-out and have a conversation about anything at all that John Watson wants to say to him.
John watches him, following his gestures and his words with rapt attention. “Your point?” he asks when Sherlock’s done.
He waits until they’re both seated in front of their pie (Mrs. Hudson’s crust is amazing) before starting his line of questioning.
He drags John into a side alley and together they watch as their pursuers run on, oblivious of the fact that their prey is gone.
“Well, you see, Sherlock, I....” Mr Chatterjee gives an audible sigh on the other end of the line. “This is difficult. I like you. You’re a nice boy, and I respect you as a baker. You would have done great things with my cafe.”
“Just be sure to keep your eye on the ball, Sherlock. It wouldn’t do to get… distracted,” Moriarty says before walking away with another chilly grin.
“Sherlock, don’t!” John yells and grabs Sherlock's arm, but the sound of his voice is swallowed by the ascending almost-singing, rising to a sudden cacophony of noise.
“Sherlock, what do you think?” Mrs Hudson asks, stepping aside to let Sherlock check his biscuits in the oven.
Sherlock can’t answer, because something seems to have happened to his voice. There’s a lump in his throat and a knot in his chest, and somewhere between his voice is trapped. Finally, the pressure eases and he mutters, “Thank you.”
It’s a testament to how tired he is that he feels only a little surge of warmth at being alone with Sherlock, a week of the oddly intimate atmosphere of a cast and crew working together for long hours has already acclimated him to Sherlock’s presence. He’s become familiar again, the way he moves, his voice.
“I’m not staying to watch this,” Moriarty huffs and leaves the tent, to everyone’s noticeable relief.
John draws back and fists his hands in the lapels of Sherlock’s suit jacket. “Now,” he says, “we have a play to put on. After,” he moves closer until he’s practically speaking against Sherlock’s lips, but not touching, just breath ghosting over his lips,  “we’ll see.”
“Savoury macarons, that sounds fantastic,” Mrs Turner enthuses. “And why does it not surprise me that you’re pronouncing it scone instead of skon.”
Finally, the door swings open, and John has two seconds to look around the flat. Victorian wallpaper, messy, leather sofa, fireplace, chemical equipment in the kitchen.
The car is quiet. Lestrade went for coffee about 30 minutes ago. John has been asleep for about fifteen of these minutes.
The pub’s lighting makes the most of John’s colouring, his blond hair is catching the low lighting in a flattering way, and he looks younger, less care-worn away from the theatre. So far, they’ve kept to surface chatter, which Sherlock usually hates, but he’s glad of it tonight, because he doesn’t want to hear about John’s relationship and his wedding and anything else that reminds him that John is unavailable.
The reply comes much later, when he’s already in his studio kitchen, working on his first batch of sticky toffee puddings, all thoughts of quitting abandoned for now.
Lya looks at the Midnight Queen, who gives her a signal to go ahead. “A few years ago, we found a young man on the beach. He’d been shipwrecked. He’d stumbled through a Gate, much like you two, and he’d come out on an island to the west of here, an island we call Thiernanoch.”
The Fey’a exchange glances. “Who let you through, and why did they do it?” Lya asks, pointing her wicked-looking spear at John. “Tell the truth,” she spits.
“And yet somehow we’re spending it out here, having a pointless conversation, instead of in my bed, where we could do more interesting things that would also be much warmer,” Sherlock says, and he hopes his tone is biting enough to discourage John from having this conversation, even though they both know it’s long overdue.
There are currently five contingency plans on hold for every possibility he can think of. If he dies, if he returns, if he doesn’t die and doesn’t return, if John is in danger, if they’re all in danger. What he doesn’t have a plan for, what he didn’t anticipate, is how he’s going to fix the damage he did to John. Because one look at his face on CCTV, pale, drawn and empty, has made Sherlock realise that what he witnessed the day he followed John to the cemetery, John barely holding himself together, begging for Sherlock to come back to him, wasn’t John’s lowest point, it was the start of his descent.
“Mary’s fiance,” John says, taking out his phone. It’s 4:30, three hours to curtain up. He calls Janine again.
Harry hiccups a laugh, and Sherlock can see now that she’s far more drunk than he realised before, because she’s leaning on John with most of her weight. She looks at Sherlock as if she’s re-appraising him and gives him a lopsided smile. “Maybe I do see it,” she says softly, and Sherlock swallows around the sudden lump in his throat.
He’s somewhat surprised to see Harry Watson light up a cigarette with slightly shaking hands, cupping the flame of the lighter with her hands against the wind.
“And if you had?” Mycroft asks, and the knowing condescension in his voice makes Sherlock’s teeth grate.
The boy addressed as Holmes merely grunts, sits down at an empty table and starts eating mechanically, never taking his eyes off his book.
“Now hush,” Jim says to both of them, eyes trained on the forest. “I rather think our special guest is here, and you’re a surprise for him, Johnny.” With that, Moriarty turns down the lamp until it’s barely more than a glimmer.
“It won’t be,” Sherlock says, just as his phone buzzes. He takes it out of his trouser pocket. YouTube comment, a stupid question about how much baking powder is too much. How do some people survive day in, day out without tripping over their own shoelaces?
The silence is thick, and deafening, and slightly awkward. Surely there must be something to say. But John feels somehow beyond words with this woman he seems to barely know, who is the mother of his child and his wife.
Sherlock does forget about it, mostly, once the drugs are completely out of his system and the fuzzy warmth fades with them. He almost misses it, the feeling he knows so well, the soft, mellow glow of a morphine-derivative high. But then he looks at the bags under John’s eyes and puts another nicotine patch on his arm to slap the softness from the edges of his mind, and deletes the incident save for the moment his lips were on John’s, and John’s breath hitched. Some things are too precious to delete.
“Did she show special interest in a specific object?” Sherlock asks, sharp gaze darting around the museum, seeing everything, but so far apparently not what he'd been looking for.
“Moriarty,” the young man supplies. He turns his attention to Sherlock, and there's something in his eyes that slightly unsettles John. He has to fight the urge to step between Sherlock and Moriarty. “I was just wondering if you'd heard anything about her death,” Moriarty continues.
He spent the last two years wanting Sherlock back so much it sometimes felt he could make it happen just by wishing for it hard enough.
“Bossy,” he says and unceremoniously sits on top of Sherlock, making a low sound of pleasure that Sherlock echoes. “I like it.” He moves back in for a kiss, and all that naked skin against Sherlock’s feels insanely good. He can feel John’s erection slide against his, trapped between their bodies. He thrusts up blindly, and John grins against his lips and moves back a bit.
Mike makes a face. “I’ve been stage manager for 30 years, John, I don’t need you to explain my job to me.”
“That still needs to rest for a bit,” John says, then turns to Sherlock, letting his eyes wander appreciatively over Sherlock’s body.
John drags the chair over to Sherlock’s bed and sits opposite him. He glares at Sherlock, making an inviting gesture. “So, where were you, then?”
Irene shifts, and leans closer. Sherlock can smell a whiff of her face cream, her shampoo, subtle but there. The moonlight softens her sharp edges, makes her even more beautiful. “Come with me,” she says, softly, almost inaudibly.
He’s just about to unglue his lips from John’s for long enough to suggest it when John’s phone rings.
Sherlock, who’s been sitting quietly with a far away look in his eyes, immediately gets up and starts pacing. “First, the Watch were able to match our killer’s fingerprints to ones found at Kitty’s crime scene, so they can tie him to the murder. Second, they went through his things and found out his name is Jefferson Hope, British Army Infantry. He has a ration book from 1941, so we can safely assume he came here in that year.” Sherlock pauses for effect. “He’s also dead.”
Day two of rehearsals, and they’ve already done a complete run-through by lunch. John and Lestrade are off somewhere having a meeting about something or other- The rest of the cast has scattered to get something to eat, and Sherlock is looking forward to some peace and quiet. Unfortunately, they come back with their lunch and sit all over the rehearsal room, chatting, trying to include him in the conversation. Irene’s got an audition, and she’s worried because she slightly exaggerated the quality of her French.
Sherlock enters the green room and gestures at him and Mary. “Ah. Good. Neutral observers.” He gestures at the suit he’s wearing. “Does this look like something a high-powered lawyer would wear to you?”
“Acetylsalicylic acid, pretty much,” Sherlock says. He sighs when John isn’t immediately enlightened. “It’s more potent Feverweed,” he explains in his
John rolls his eyes as he approaches the window. He presses up against the wall on one side of it and darts a glance inside.
And then John gets married, and Sherlock is there, of course, and he tries to be normal, he does, but then he picks up his violin and plays, and it’s like he’s hemorrhaging the music instead of playing it, the music is pouring out of his chest cavity where his heart is breaking, and nobody sees except John, who’s looking at him like he’s bleeding a bit himself, mourning everything they could have been, had Sherlock not broken them.
Sherlock looks away and focuses on the camera to reduce the temptation of John’s smile. “So. Verdict. Are you ready?”
This is why John has a therapist, after all. Or had, more likely. He hasn’t been back there since… well, since Sherlock. Sometimes he wonders if from now on, his life is always going to be divided in threes. Before the war, and after. Before Sherlock, and after.
Rosie snuggles under the bedsheets on what has slowly become her side of the bed. She doesn’t sleep here often, but often enough that one of her pillows has found its way into Sherlock’s bed, and there are a few of her books on the bedside table he never uses.
Sherlock restrains himself from asking whether that means John will come, instead he goes back to sieving his jam.
That’s true enough, Sherlock has to admit it. He’s had colleagues who have done shows with everything from stomach flu to broken bones to kidney stones. He himself has worked through pneumonia, a broken wrist, and the worst of cocaine withdrawal. Generally, in theatre, you work if you’re not a) dead, b) currently in labour or c) too ill to stand up.  Unless you have an understudy, which John very much does. "Carol can call the show."
John shakes his head. Each breath presses his ribcage against the palm of Sherlock’s hand, and it's strange, but John doesn't want it to stop.
“That proves exactly nothing,” Sherlock scoffs. “I didn’t do it because I felt sorry for you or anything, I did it to prove I was right.”
Neela smirks at him over her coffee cup. “I’m looking forward to mocking everything at your wedding.”
And now they’re on their last show, and Sherlock has the absurd feeling that if he doesn’t do something tonight, he won’t ever do anything at all, even though he still has six months left on his contract.
Irene is doing something with a piping bag. Her scones are resting, ready to go into the oven, and of course they’re perfect.
“No,” Mr Chatterjee says, shaking his head. “I was meeting the plumber, there’s another water leak in 221C.”
Sherlock picks up Rosie from the bed and hands John the waste paper basket in time for him to throw up into it.
John sort of tips over and wriggles a little so he’s snuggled against Sherlock with his head resting on Sherlock’s chest.
John turns around and winds his hands into Sherlock’s hair, kissing him, dirty and open-mouthed and single-minded, and the food gets very cold indeed.
"Telling me that you told me so isn't going to actually get you anywhere," Janine points out, unfazed by his bad mood. "You need to talk to your brother. Tell him to give you control over your trust fund or we'll drag him to court."
“John. It’s Christmas dinner. It’s not a root canal,” Sherlock says, more amused than angry. “Though I see your point. Dental surgery might be preferable.” Sherlock pauses for effect. “Well. Maybe not surgery. But a standard filling, perhaps.”
There’s a pregnant pause, and then Mrs Hudson says, “Of course,” to Lestrade, as if Sherlock hadn’t spoken. “I’ve got a perfectly good room in the attic, it’s a little drafty but easily large enough for the two of them.”
“Hate to break it to you, but you actually sleep a relatively normal amount,” John points out, leisurely flipping the page of his paper.
So Sherlock asks about Mr Chatterjee’s daughters, and settles in to listen with one ear while thinking about why he seems to be the only person who doesn’t especially enjoy his latest bake.
No. That’s wrong. John Watson doesn’t lie. He might evade, or side-step, or ignore an obvious truth, but he doesn’t lie.
Sherlock smiles at the amusement in John’s voice, and not for the first time, he wishes he could freeze this moment and live within it, John here, at 221B, smiling at Sherlock’s bad joke, and for once he gets his wish, because he falls asleep like this, peacefully, with John by his side and wholly his for one more night.
“I wasn’t going to go into the statistics of lift-related deaths with you,” Sherlock answers, aware that he sounds more than a little defensive.
But he can’t very well ask John not to get married and then not provide a better reason for it than,
There's a knock on the door, and just like that, that fragile moment breaks, Sherlock removes his hand, John pulls down his under-shirt, and life continues.
“Oi,” John cries out before he can help himself. “That sixteen-year-old is the most brilliant person not only in this room but every room he’s ever been in, and the smartest person you’ll ever meet in your life, and if your pride and your stubbornness prevent you from listening to him, then every single person who gets killed while you sit on your arses instead of looking for the killer he tells you is out there is dead because you’re not doing your bloody job.”
“Yes, and my great-great-grandfather. Handsome, wasn’t he?” Mrs. Hudson talks on about them, entirely oblivious to John’s clammy hands and racing heart.
John laughs again, then leaves to clean up, leaving Sally and Mary arguing about which of them knows and cares less about flowers.
He wonders now how he never thought of this before. Clearly, a part of his brain has done a lot of thinking on the subject of kissing John Watson, but clearly that part failed to bring this notion to the attention of the rest of him.
“That’s not the point. I knew he wasn’t capable of doing it, and I shouldn’t have let him,” John points out.
“There’s nothing wrong with your leg,” Sherlock says automatically, and then curses himself for an idiot, because John knows this, and pointing out the obvious is not helping. On the contrary, it will only make John defensive.
It twists something inside John, three words filled with so much warmth and unspoken affection, and John wishes they were twelve again and he could crawl into Sherlock’s bed and it would mean nothing at all. But they’re not twelve any more, so he just closes his eyes and waits for sleep.
“My father died on Boxing Day 1994,” he, trying to recite the information as emotionlessly as possible. “We’d just returned from my grandmother’s Christmas lunch. It was 3.30 in the afternoon. My father was short of breath, but he was always short of breath, so none of us took any notice. Chest pain followed, shooting pain up his arm. My mother immediately called an ambulance, but emergency medical care in rural Yorkshire takes a while. He died on the way to the hospital.”
John leaves when Molly comes downstairs and the autopsy starts, and he briefly thinks of going home and going to bed, but he promised his rugby mates a birthday drink, and he also mentioned to Sarah that he might be there, so he goes, even though he's not especially in the mood. Half his rugby team is there, plus two or three of the nursing staff and the other apprentice from the clinic, and everybody wants to buy him pints of cider, but he only gets a half-pint because otherwise he'll fall asleep standing up.
John snorts. He rubs at his eyes and runs his hand through his hair. He still looks rumpled and soft and warm and Sherlock wants nothing more than to touch him, pull him back, make him lie down again, run his fingers through John’s unruly hair until he falls asleep again.
“I’m not sure that was my point,” John says, rubbing a hand over his face, a tired, resigned gesture. “Of course there are objective criteria, but there are some things that can’t be measured and evaluated objectively, they are just totally and entirely subjective.”
They had sex. The sex was good. No need to dwell on it. An itch was scratched. Nothing more, nothing less.
“It’s nothing personal, they like you fine as a person, it’s my being together with you that’s the problem.”
Music is the ancient, creaking floorboards of 221B as Sherlock paces, thinking aloud as John listens from his chair, the ancient springs shifting with the uneven distribution of John’s weight as he readjusts his position.
“Biscuit doughs, pie crust for the mince pies and the savoury, then while they’re resting I’m making the Christmas pudding, then the ice cream for the dessert, then on to the savoury pie.” John grins at her, hands already covered in flour.
John hums a vague acknowledgement, and it irritates Sherlock, because he knows it means John has something to say he’s not sure Sherlock will want to hear. “What?” he snaps.
There’s no answer, and he almost thinks that Sherlock’s actually asleep by now, and then Sherlock says, softly, gently, “Good night, John.”
He’s lying on the prop sofa with his eyes closed, fingers steepled under his chin, and John knows that he’s running through the play. For Sherlock, rehearsal is happening in these minutes, in his head. The rest of the day is for the other actors.
She goes over to Sherlock, and since they’re not two feet away from the kitchen door, John can hear them talking, even though they’re trying to be quiet.
John’s working steadily, introducing the eggs into the dough one at the time. He works with a concentrated frown that is very much unlike his usual ease. He’s got bags under his eyes, and every line of his body screams exhaustion.
You barely weigh and measure. I’m not disputing that it works for you. But less experienced bakers would fall flat on their faces if they baked like you. Though, to be fair, now that I’ve seen your gran’s recipe book, I know where you get it from.
John shrugs. “Not really. We were young, and we were just having a bit of fun. He never said…” he trails off, because he can’t finish that sentence.
“Hm.” John shrugs. “I… I don’t know, actually,” he says. And the truth is, he doesn’t. It’s not something anybody’s ever told him, it’s just… “I’ve never even heard of men being…having that kind of relationship, so I just assumed it doesn’t normally happen, I guess.”
There’s a cold pit forming in Sherlock’s stomach. “Is that why you’re here? To tell me that you signed the contract?”
John follows, astoundingly fleet-footed for a man with a limp, and together, they make their way towards the tent, quietly, avoiding the gravel path, ducking into the shadows. When they reach the tent, Sherlock gestures at the side flap, and they creep along the sides, ducking under the windows.
John smiles wistfully. “I suppose you could say that. She had a small bakery, and my mum and dad were working a lot, so my sister and I spent a lot of time in the back room of her bakery, helping out. I was cutting out biscuits and making scones in primary school.”
Sherlock is so tired. He wants his violin and proper Earl Grey and Jeremy Kyle and the good dim sum from the place with the door handle. He wants Angelo’s and a candle. He wants Mrs Hudson’s scones and a good old-fashioned double homicide. He wants to insinuate that Lestrade is stupid and Lestrade’s good-natured eye-roll. He viscerally misses the smell of the tube. He misses his Belstaff. He wants to sit in his chair and watch John sit in his.
“John. Listen to me,” Sherlock says, still gently, but with a hint of authority now. “You don’t have to see her. You have another home to go to.”
The email comes in on a rainy Thursday in late March. Sherlock has been home for a few hours, and he’s tired. Rehearsals were exhausting. He’s playing Henry V, and they’ve been doing fight choreography for a solid week now.
She nods at a second figure, and Lestrade steps out into the light as well, walking up to the killer, already pulling out the handcuffs. “You’re under arrest for the murders of Violet Jones and Kitty Winters.” He turns to Sherlock and John. “And you two idiots are coming along as well.”
Kitty laughs heartily as if Sherlock said something hilarious, and steers him away. “Okay, I get the message, you’re done.”
Sherlock is watching him critically. “Don’t you think the generations of soldiers in your family might have fought for one of them not to die on foreign soil for a cause they couldn’t care less about?”
Nothing really changes, and yet, everything does, a little, like his entire life has shifted a few inches to the left. Sarah slowly fades out of the picture. John starts coming along on most of Sherlock’s cases, not just the one he’s accidentally around for. Sherlock often finds himself starting sentences with
Sherlock spends half the night writing a detailed report for the local police, with audio files, names and dates. He sets the delivery date on the email for three months from now and ensures that the IP address won’t be traceable.
John grins directly into the camera. “I’m not sure if I want to risk alienating half the nation, but, well, skon.”
They stumble onto the actual road about a mile or so away from the city and join a steady stream of people walking or riding towards it. All of them are dressed in sturdy clothing made of leather and a soft, downy material they can’t place, and many of them are the same fairy creatures they met in the woods.
Sherlock concedes the point with a shrug. “But they will never be exactly the same if you don’t measure.”
John can feel Sherlock’s smile stretch against the back of John’s head. “History, John. Three thousand years of it. Three thousand years of plagues and political unrest and fire and religious persecution, of lost years and lost centuries and wars and famines. And we’re still here. Humans need art, John. They need to know that they’re not alone, that other human beings have experienced the exact emotion they’re going through. So I know for a fact that we’ll be back. We’ve been coming back for three thousand years. What’s eight months to that?”
John stirs, then slowly opens his eyes. He smiles at Sherlock, wide and brilliant, like he’s the best thing that’s ever happened to John and not a dangerous sociopath with a morbid fascination for dead bodies.
“Interesting,” he says, wagging a finger between the two of them, then settles a deeply unpleasant gaze on John. “I never thought you’d be his type.” His eyes linger on John’s cane long enough to make a distinct point.
“Shit,” John curses and runs toward her. He pushes back panic as he remembers his first aid training. She’s unconscious, and he can see no bleeding. He turns her to her side and makes sure her airways are clear. Dimly, he can hear Sherlock calling an ambulance.
He asked himself two questions: First, would John willingly risk his life for the knowledge that Sherlock was still alive? And second, what would
“But he’s back,” Mrs Hudson says, turning to John, surprised. “He moved back just a few weeks ago. I had lunch with him three weeks ago. I thought you knew, you two used to be thick as thieves.”
Sherlock comes back to Baker Street after 455 days, after 354, after 546, after 539, and John is gone, gone, gone.
For a moment, disconcertingly, he looks like a stranger. A smooth, boring, good-looking stranger. Somebody Sherlock doesn’t know at all.
John eats his porridge and looks out of the window. It’s a lovely, sunny, warm day, and he can’t wait to go outside. “What’s there to do here?”
“Am I the only one who thinks all this talk about soggy bottoms is a bit... “ John says under his breath to Sherlock, making a hand gesture that - Sherlock guesses - is supposed to denote the dubious nature of the comment.
Sherlock holds up the lodestone so Moriarty can see it clearly. It's spinning violently and at long last setting to point directly at the Gate.
John gets up, pulls on his dressing gown and goes downstairs, trying to be quiet in the event that Sherlock is actually asleep.
“All right?” he asks, and Sherlock nods absently, attention wholly focused on their surroundings. The stumps form a perfect circle around the ring of mirrors around them. Beyond, the forest is sun-drenched and quiet.
Slowly, carefully, he takes stock of his physical state. Somebody had pulled his shoes off and removed his jacket before depositing him on the bed in his pants and shirtsleeves. His head hurts. There’s an IV line on his left arm, leading to two empty IV bags over his bed. The labels point to saline solution and glucose, which tell him two things: One, he’s been unconscious for a while, and two, John is here.
“Believe me, I’d much prefer it if you took over the place. There are so many memories here, and I know you’d preserve some of that,” Mr Chatterjee answers, shaking his head sadly. He gestures at the swinging door to the cafe proper. “I used to measure my daughters against this post over there, you know.”
Sherlock doesn’t quite know how to answer that, and he doesn’t quite know whether he wants to answer that. The place behind his breastbone is burning and knotting and doing a very impressive flip, and he has trouble breathing suddenly, so he just kisses John and grinds their hips together, and everything he doesn’t want to say gets lost in the heat of skin on skin.
Then John moves in as Sherlock reaches out and they all but clash into each other, heads bumping. John chuckles, and Sherlock feels the vibrations in his body. It’s heady, and entirely foreign. Sherlock doesn’t remember the last time he felt another person’s body so close, the last time he
They arrived so quietly he didn’t notice them until they stepped out from behind the trees or flew down from the branches above his head. There’s about twenty of them, and they’re armed with bows and arrows, nasty-looking spears and curved throwing knives.
The room smells of cinnamon and softening pears, and Sherlock is no longer cold. While the fruit cooks, he opens the door to the cafe area of the property, and looks out at the dusty tables, the peeling paint, the dilapidated chairs, the ancient bar with the cracked glass. He thinks of what this place could be, with a bit of care, with a bit of work, with a bit of money.
He barely remembers this self, the one who took John more or less for granted, the arrogant sod. It’s only now that John is gone he’s realised how truly essential John has become to him. Maybe he thought about kissing John before, considered it, dismissed it, deleted it, thought it an unnecessary complication.
He pushes John’s thighs apart and kneels between them without any subtlety, then he bends down and swallows down John’s cock as far as it will go.
“Love what you've done with the place,” Sherlock says loudly, his voice carrying over the clearing over the hum of the Gate.
Sherlock barely sleeps. He spends the night listening to the wind rush through the trees and feeling homesick. He misses Baker Street and his violin and the noise of London traffic. He misses the damp carpet smell of their home. He misses the quiet routine of their life together, tea and crap telly and time to breathe. All the things he used to scoff about as unnecessary luxuries.
With a herculean effort, Sherlock draws back, rests their foreheads together, and they both just breathe for a while. Sherlock’s hands are still resting on John’s hips, and John’s fingers are still gently brushing over Sherlock’s back, his arms, his sides. It feels insanely good.
He’s abandoned his newest experiment, because he can’t concentrate, because he can’t get John’s face out of his head, his movements today. He looked like he was in actual, physical pain, like there was something there besides exhaustion and stress. Something deeper.
“Come with us,” their leader, a Fey'a man with a crossbow pointed at them, says in heavily accented English.
Sherlock’s thoughts are still on the kitchen table upstairs and on his hands on John’s hips pulling John back onto Sherlock’s cock, so it takes him a moment to notice that John’s gone pale.
“If I knew that, I wouldn’t be here.” He runs a frustrated hand through his already unruly hair. “I can’t put my finger on it, and it’s driving me crazy.”
“Stay away from him,” John grates. Something about the way Jim says Sherlock’s name makes his hackles rise.
“What are you nostalgic for, then?” John asks, taking a sip of his tea. He’s looking at Sherlock with a genuine, open curiosity that makes Sherlock feel warm all over. He isn’t used to having someone’s undivided and non-judgemental attention. Most people are put off by his bluntness, but John seems to enjoy it somehow.
Sherlock closes his eyes and curses himself for an idiot. Of course John heard his entire exchange with Irene this morning in the rehearsal room. And of course it would have hurt him. Of course the mistake he was referring to was him mistakenly thinking that sleeping with John and being in love with him were two entirely different things, but for John it must have sounded like he was dismissing the entire relationship as an error.
But the thing is that he doesn’t want to. And Sherlock has never been very good at doing things he doesn’t want to do.
The director yells, “Cut!”, and everybody mills around, saying goodbye to Mike, or congratulating Sherlock.
Sherlock’s phone chirps, and he looks at it briefly. Mycroft. Again. He’s been texting Sherlock for three days now about an audition for something or other, and Sherlock has been ignoring him, because Mycroft knows he’s in tech and should leave him the hell alone.
He dabs two fingers into the little jar with the ointment and starts rubbing it into the bruises. He feels a bit odd doing it, very aware that Sherlock is still watching him. It's difficult to reach around his torso, and he winces in pain as he twists around to get at the bruises at the back of his ribcage.
“We obviously tripped a mechanism that caused the explosion,” Sherlock says, pinching his lips in frustration. For a moment he is silent, then he bursts out, “How did I not notice anything? I notice everything!”
The face smiles back, but it’s dulled by something. Worry, maybe, Sherlock thinks. Yes, that’s the word. Worry.
The challenge was boring, or would have been if it hadn’t been for the time constraint. Trifle isn’t something he usually makes, but baking a sponge, making custard, doing something interesting with fruit and stacking it all up in two hours was, well, not challenging, exactly, but it absorbed enough of his attention to make the time pass quickly. Molly won, with a well-balanced combination of berries and a delicious chocolate sponge. But the judges have made it clear that it’s going to be close tomorrow, because all of their trifles were well done.
Lestrade is a very ordinary-looking man approaching middle age, with salt and pepper hair and a kindly face. The guardsman ushers Sherlock and John in with a few muttered words of explanation.
“You’ve discovered that being the crew’s darling is good for business, that’s why you bring John a raisin scone every day, extra points for knowing they’re his favourite, by the way. Also, you have a daughter, no more than three, and she’s in daycare somewhere near Shoreditch.”
“Come for me,” John whispers, breath ghosting over the shell of Sherlock’s ear, and that’s it, Sherlock is lost, done, he tumbles over the edge, hard.
Sherlock needs a second to remember what they were talking about; he was focused on John’s naked knee just now. “The ones I lost are yellow. I wanted to figure out why I lost these, but there’s no rhyme or reason to it, really.”
Sherlock would very much like to have five uninterrupted minutes to stare at John to update his mental database of him. But that would surely make things awkward, so he allows himself only the smallest of glances, and always when Lestrade is giving a note to another actor, and John’s attention is on them.
“That’s a load of bollocks, and you know it.”  It’s almost a reflex, defending Sherlock. Not ten minutes ago, John would have told anyone who’d asked him that Sherlock Holmes is a heartless, soulless bastard who thought John’s grief for him was funny. But the thing is, he knows, deep down, that it’s not true. One look at his ragged, pale face after he dragged John out of that fire was enough to remind John that there’s an actual heart under all that invulnerable, untouchable, sociopathic bullshit. He glares at Mycroft. “Your problem is that you’ve never seemed to understand that Sherlock isn’t like you. He tries to be, but he isn’t. He has emotions, he cares about people, and because you’ve been whispering into his ear all his life that he’s just like you, he sees his heart as a defect that needs to be ‘cured’. And that’s why he has so much trouble believing that people actually care whether he lives or dies.”
It’s not all following Sherlock into dark rooms with cocked guns, even though nothing can beat the rush of knowing he’s responsible for Sherlock’s safety, and nothing can compete with being the only one who can get Sherlock to hold still for long enough to bandage a heavily bleeding leg wound.
“Why on earth would I want to go on television with ten idiot home bakers who are probably overwhelmed by a simple yeast dough?”
Mary and Janine made variations of fruit cakes with loads of jelly, and while they’re competently made, it’s becoming increasingly clear that neither Mary nor Janine has what it takes to win this competition. Neela’s coconut cake is solid. Mike had a problem with his bread pudding, it’s overbaked and bone dry. Molly’s pineapple upside down cake gets full marks for taste, and it looks good as well. Irene made a lemon meringue pie that looks stunning and the judges love it. They all accompany their bake with a bit of a story about why the dish makes them feel nostalgic. Most of the stories are sentimental hogwash the audience will eat up. John talks about his gran, predictably, and so does Molly. Neela tells a nice story about college dorm baking, Janine, Mike, and Mary talk about their mothers, and Irene’s story about her French aunt is almost certainly complete fiction, but at least it’s funny.
“You’re wrong,” he finally says, and it’s not exactly what he wants to say, but it will have to do for now.
The thing is, Sherlock realises now that taking this part may have been a mistake. Because every time he looks at John, he feels like there’s a hollowed-out place behind his breastbone, and it aches like a scar during a storm. Something that used to be there is making its absence felt, pressing against his ribs and his lungs.
“You need me to get out of here so you can reset?” Sherlock guesses, and John gives him a slightly embarrassed nod.
“It was a beautiful wedding,” Mrs Hudson says, quietly, gently, and Sherlock startles out of his contemplation. He’d forgotten she was in the cab with him.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Most of them are imbeciles who can barely tie their own shoelaces,” he says. “Come on, John!” He pulls at John’s arm impatiently.
He does notice, though, that John doesn’t use his cane consistently. Sometimes it’s like he forgets about it and he leaves it leaning against the oven as he gets his dough out of the fridge and as he works on his lattice pattern.
John is watching him, half wary, half curious. “Couldn’t sleep?” he finally asks, and Sherlock recognises that it’s a rhetorical question.
They were supposed to find the local kingpin. Instead, the local kingpin found them. He kidnapped John from their bolthole and left a menacing note for Sherlock.
“Let’s change the subject,” John whispers against his lips and kisses him, and Sherlock falls into the kiss, lost once more.
Sherlock smiles, and wonders again that John Watson is sitting here, eating chips, like this is any other night, like nothing whatsoever happened, like they didn’t just live through what felt like a seismic event on par with a solid six on the Richter scale.
Sherlock swallows, at a complete loss for words. This has never happened to him before. He usually has a million things to say. He does now as well, but he has no idea where to start.
"Bad news from the bank," Janine says as soon as he picks up. "They're worried about your lack of employment history and business experience."
Sherlock’s smile fades, leaving a lingering sadness on his face before he smooths his expression into a careful neutrality. “See you tomorrow.”
Sherlock plays for John, then. Plays gratitude and devotion and gratitude for devotion, for the love he isn't sure he deserves but plans to hold on to anyway. For John, who came with him to the ends of the Earth, who got stabbed and beaten and shot at for Sherlock, and who kept his promise to get them home again in one piece. For every moment he only survived because of John, for every time he would have lost himself if not for John.
It’s the first week of December and London is a foggy nightmare lit by garish Christmas decorations. Tinny speakers blare poppy versions of Christmas carols, and Sherlock is awfully close to snapping at the next person wishing him happy holidays a full three weeks before Christmas.
Instead, he finds Mycroft, sitting on a chair, having a cup of tea and a pasty. “I must say, Sherlock, these are not up to your usual standard,” he says, gesturing at one of John’s pasties.
Billy shrugs. “Dunno, just showed up here one day. ‘S why Ginger’s here, she’s the one who picked them up. Ginger?”
Sherlock’s lips twitch, and John grins at him. Then they both start laughing, and John steps around the counter and behind the camera. He starts brushing the flour out of Sherlock’s hair, and Sherlock’s amusement fades when John all but cards his hands through his hair. “Sorry about that,” John says, lips still twitching with amusement.
Two women are seated next to each other on seats that seem to grow out of the tree trunk, and one of them gets up as they enter. She nods at John, and John recognises her immediately. “Lya!”
As it turns out, John wasn’t making it up, bad grammar and all. “I have so many questions about this comment. First, what do you think is user bigcuckenergy’s gender? Is the misspelling of cock intentional, ironic or just a stupid typo? Are you supposed to provide the third person for the threesome, or will bigcuckenergy bring a third person?”
“You know what this is?” John asks, holding the contraption into the light, and Sherlock recognises it immediately, of course. It’s a nasal spray that’s used as first aid for opioid overdoses, and Sherlock’s seen it once too often for his taste. “I bought this after I moved into 221B five years ago. It’s now expired. Please tell me I don’t have to buy a new one.”
But on the nights when he can’t stand it any longer, when there’s an itch under his skin and a roaring in his mind that’s as if all the details in the world have come to live on the inside of his skull, he goes to John’s bedroom like a puppet on a sting, he admits the ugly, sordid truth: It’s too late, he’s already lost, he’s hopelessly and entirely addicted to John Watson, and there aren’t enough nicotine patches in the world to cure him.
Sherlock leans closer to John. “Purely objectively speaking, Moran is right. His bake was perfect,” he says quietly.
It’s Friday by the time Sherlock has a perfect creme brulee souffle. He didn’t realise it, but he’s sort of neglected his homeless network over the last few weeks, because he’d just let John taste everything. It’s entirely unscientific, of course, but he now finds that having a multitude of opinions isn’t helping him like it used to. It doesn’t help that his homeless network are amateurs. John is very much not, and getting feedback like, “I dunno, that other thing you did the other day was better” isn’t as helpful as, “More lemon zest.”
“What does this mean for going back, though?” John rubs a hand over his face and steps up to the blackboard.
“He’s a prat, and you’re a catch, John, and everybody agreed, even back then, that he was the lucky one.” Molly gives John an affectionate smile. “So Sherlock was quite clear about his interest, and John didn’t read the signs. The most blatant things went straight over his head. Once, we were talking about smoking, and John said kissing smokers is disgusting, and Sherlock just dropped his half-smoked cigarette and announced he was quitting, and John just… didn’t get it. Anyway, we were doing A Midsummer Night’s Dream and Sherlock was playing Puck, of course, and he wore these tiny green shorts and had his entire body painted with green glitter paint, and, well, that was John’s breaking point, and he spent the entire run covered in green paint, because Sherlock would snog John while he was still in make-up. I think he was trying to mark his property, make it obvious to everybody that John was his.”
He thought that at least Sherlock remembers their time together fondly, even if it wasn’t meaningful the way it was for John. Well, now he knows.
Sherlock is leaning against the back wall of the Shropshire hotel they’re staying at this week, a charmless fifties building without redeeming qualities.
The loaves don’t need to prove, thank god, otherwise Sherlock might die from boredom. It’s bad enough that they need to bake for an hour. The bakers all scatter after the loaves are in the oven, and Sherlock goes outside for a much-needed breather, while the rest of the bakers all make their way to the catering tent for a bite to eat.
John finds an answering smile, even though he suspects it isn’t entirely steady. “Wake me up anytime you wish.”
“You said I was recently bombed,” John says, feeling a little bit like he’s been hit by a freight train.
“My coworkers are sick of me bringing bakes into chambers,” Janine says. “I never thought this day would come.”
He sits up and reaches for something he tossed on the bed just a moment ago. “I used to be a boy scout,” he says, grinning wickedly.
Sherlock looks over to his brother, who’s taken his seat and is checking his emails on his phone. Harry Watson is standing around, a bit aloof from the other bakers, who are clustering around John and Molly, wishing them luck and asking about their bakes.
“I don’t know why your loaf didn’t rise, I’m not psychic,” Sherlock says, not looking up from his phone. “Temperature fluctuations, bad yeast, overworking, it could be any or all of the above.”
John is next, and the judges are dismissive of his savoury scones, but when they all taste his poppy seed danish, silence falls.
John is trying and failing not to smile. “Well, we had blankets. And beds. Of sorts. But then again, some of the blokes in there with us were enough to make not falling asleep very easy.”
A quiet sob escapes him. He bites down on his thumb to stop himself, but another sob shudders its way out of him. He knows he’s not supposed to cry, but he can’t help it, he’s twelve years old and alone in the world.
They get into silly little snippy arguments that neither of them really wants to have. John complains about the food and Sherlock tells him to shut up. Sherlock hates their bed and John tells him to suck it up and go to fucking sleep already.
His head is pounding. There’s an empty syringe lying on the filthy duvet next to him. The sheets are soaked with sweat. He’s ravenously hungry and his throat is parched. He reeks of dried sweat and desperation. His laptop on the desk has run out of power and shut itself down, otherwise it would still show the grainy CCTV footage of Baker Street and John Watson’s face.
“People.” John shrugs and saunters over to where Sherlock is standing, mock-casually stepping into his space. He smiles up at Sherlock and hooks his index fingers into the belt loops of Sherlock’s belt. “So, what are your plans for the rest of the evening?”
Sherlock smokes his third cigarette in two years when they break for tea in the afternoon. The day was gruelling, because most of it was spent on rehearsing the scene where Adriana vomits all over the stage, and by the end of it they were all exhausted and nauseous.
Sherlock snorts, amused in spite of himself. “And you’re probably used to worse, former army man like you.”
Donovan starts. “For this week’s decision, since it’s about who’s getting into the final, we looked not only at this week’s bake, but at the previous bakes as well.”
“Piss off,” Lestrade answers affectionately. He turns his head to turn a scrutinising gaze at John. “You all right?”
Sherlock’s phone dings, and he picks it up to look at it. “I need to get going,” he says, obviously reluctant.
John grimaces. “Not really. But. You know. Conscious. Still.” He holds up the cup of bad coffee. “This has got to do me for now.”
“I missed you,” Sherlock mutters, head still resting on John’s chest, and that’s brilliant because he can hear John’s heartbeat picking up noticeably, adrenaline and emotion. “I can’t do this alone. I could before I met you, and then you came along and now it’s not enough, now I know I don’t have to be alone, and I can’t take it anymore, it’s been sixty-nine days, and I can’t do this, I can’t, I can’t…”
“Have to say, John’s doughnuts were very good - fluffy, light, sweet, but Sherlock’s home-made cranberry-currant jelly was just that bit better, so he takes the prize.”
But that's not the reason John loves that violin almost as much as Sherlock does. It’s not even that Sherlock plays beautifully, even though he does. John doesn’t care much for music, but he recognises the level of skill it takes to coax such lovely sounds from this dilapidated instrument. It’s the change that comes over Sherlock the moment the bow touches the strings. It’s like something strung to breaking point has been unwound. He’s completely absorbed, and yet entirely at peace. Thoughtful yet quiet. Raptly focused, yet relaxed. Happiness radiates from him every time he plays, and John knew then and knows now that Sherlock needs this and didn’t know how to ask for it.
Then he turns to Sherlock, who looks…. odd. Who doesn’t seem to have moved in the last few seconds. Who isn’t even blinking.
“No it’s not,” Sherlock says, trying to sound as matter-of-fact as possible while at the same time ignoring the way John’s tone - sad and defeated - makes something behind his breastbone twinge. “It’s interesting.” He moves up until he can meet John’s eyes. “
And there are two things that make all of this worse. First is that he hurt John with his idiocy. And second that he’s having a hard time regretting anything, which is bad for a number of reasons.
John snorts. “Well, we can’t all live on nicotine patches and air. And don’t pretend that you’re not going to start stealing my chips any second now.”
He lets out a small frustrated sound. Sitting here going over this isn’t helping. Sherlock is asleep, has been for hours, and even when he’s conscious, he’s been so out of it he doesn’t even seem to know where he is. They’ve got him on a morphine drip, and John already knows withdrawal won’t be pretty. But at least he’s reasonably sure that Sherlock will live.
John valiantly tries not to blush and fails spectacularly. But he shakes off his embarrassment and asks, “What’s up?”
John looks past Sherlock to where a group has formed to watch Mycroft and an elderly gentleman engaged in a lively discussion. “Did you actually see him talk to the Bishop, or did you just venture a very lucky guess?”
John laughs and pulls the duvet over himself. Sherlock turns off the lights, and arranges himself on his side, so he’s looking at John but not touching him. John rolls so they’re facing each other.
John squirms under him, and when Sherlock looks up he notes that John looks deeply uncomfortable. Sherlock stops immediately. “Does it hurt?”
“Oddly specific, but somehow fitting.” John hesitates briefly before he continues, “You know, he said something odd to me the other day.”
John knows he should just shut up and accept this. But shutting up has never been a Watson strength. “So any and all emotion is just brain chemistry?”
Sherlock carries Rosie down the stairs and right into his room, setting her down on his bed. “I think you’d better stay here tonight, Watson.”
Sherlock looks down at his tea, avoiding looking at John so he doesn't have to see the hurt on his face that’s so clearly in his voice. “I do trust you, “ he says quietly. “More than anyone. I trust you to keep me from making bad decisions. I knew you would have talked me out of it, and I needed to know, I needed to see.” He pauses, then adds, “At least I took a gun this time.”
John follows Sherlock's gaze to the cane. "How would you know?" he asks, and he sounds just a touch defensive, but mostly genuinely curious.
Sherlock gives him a small smile, realising that that’s his cue to leave. “I’ll see you tomorrow, then.”
For a moment, John is silent, considering. He knows for a fact that Sherlock is an obnoxious, irritating know-it-all, but he’s also the boy who tracked down a pickpocket for John and talked him down from an embarrassing panic attack. With Sherlock, John knows he’s always going to have to take the good with the bad. Fortunately, the good is worth the bad. “All right,” he says, accepting the unspoken apology.
In the afternoon, they both retire to the library because it’s pissing rain outside and John is frozen solid. He grabs one of Mr. Musgrave’s historic fiction novels while Sherlock is perusing a chemistry textbook and correcting errors within it with a pencil, and playing with an ancient lodestone he found in Mr. Musgrave's collection and has taken to carrying around.
John nods sympathetically, and takes a final bite, finishing the pie. “Maybe a bit on the mushy side? But that could just be because you carried it around in your pocket?”
Sherlock nods absently. He’s noticed that himself. His YouTube channel is growing exponentially, he’s doubled his subscriptions and his hits have quadrupled. He’s also noticed that John’s blog’s following has vastly expanded and that John is posting more baking content as well. He also noticed that many of the comments on John’s blog range from subtly to overtly sexual, and he doesn’t want to think about why that makes him uncomfortable.
Molly clears her throat audibly, and John starts a little. He’d forgotten about the three other people in the room.
Sherlock lies in his own bed and can't sleep. He’s vibrating with the sensory overload of Baker Street. Dusty carpet smell and John’s shampoo and Mrs Hudson’s grandfather clock. Expensive sheets against his skin.
The woman smiles. “Well done. But no need for formality. My people call me Ya’ra, you can address me as such if you wish.”
One does not need to hold public office to feel a sense of public responsibility. There is such a thing as a citizen’s arrest, after all.
Sherlock hesitates and debates with himself whether this was a good idea. “I’ve got a meeting with the BBC about a sponsoring contract.”
look that says John believes absolutely nothing Sherlock just said, and Sherlock can’t take another second of this.
He tries to find something to do. He reads up on medical discoveries he’s missed on the front lines. He interviews for a few jobs. But the tremor in his left hand means he can’t operate, probably never again.
John’s also less handsome than any other man Sherlock’s ever had in his bed, but none of them ever affected Sherlock the way John does, it was never more than a fleeting distraction, and with John it’s immediate and all-consuming and real. And it isn’t that, objectively, the sex is better, it’s something else entirely, and Sherlock can’t figure out what that something else
Surprised, Sherlock watches him a bit more closely. Moriarty is the name associated with a rather famous food blog called The Consultant Baker. It specialises on reviewing bakeries and restaurants, and posting pretentious recipes that all supposedly answer questions from readers, but never actually do. He always thought that Moriarty was a myth, that the blog was run by several people, because Moriarty is never in any of the food porn pictures he posts on Instagram. Apparently, though, there’s an actual man, and from the looks of it, he’s exactly as much of an ass as Sherlock always thought he was.
“What do you think he was doing?” John whispers as they look around. There’s a bit of disarray at Moriarty’s workstation, and Sherlock looks into his fridge.
“I know,” John says, finally, and he sounds like his throat hurts. “You said so in your letter. Mycroft explained the rest.”
Quickly, he positions himself by the back door and takes off his shoe, then flings it against the dilapidated shed as hard as he can. The noise isn’t as loud as he’d like, but it’ll do.
Sherlock kissing him. It’s never occurred to him to even ask that question. It’s wrong, there’s all there is to it. Whether he liked it or not should be irrelevant. Boys don’t kiss boys. He looks at Billy, who’s watching him sceptically.
John snorts, but doesn’t answer immediately. “I’m not completely sure myself,” he finally says, and his tone is thoughtful and quiet. “I think it was because my leg was trapped under a boulder when we were ambushed, and it fell asleep, and when they removed the boulder, my leg hurt worse than my shoulder for a bit, and when I was in the hospital I was so out of it with fever that I thought they’d had to amputate it, so I guess that’s why.”
John knows that it’s equally obvious how besotted he’s been with Sherlock from pretty much Day One. How fascinating, how irritatingly brilliant, how annoyingly interesting he finds Sherlock.
The other contestants start trickling in. First is a dark-haired man who is actually wearing crisply pressed, immaculate chef whites, and Sherlock rolls his eyes. The man eyes Sherlock with badly concealed curiosity, and Sherlock catches the name embroidered on the chef whites. James Moriarty.
“I’m not hiding, I’m preparing,” Sherlock says, but he knows he’s lying through his teeth. He’s here because he thought it would be the one place where John Watson isn’t.
“Waiting isn’t going to make this any easier,” Sherlock points out, hoping to get John moving with a bit of gentle encouragement.
It’s night. Sherlock enters the building through the back windows of 221C. He climbs the stairs as quietly as possible. He lingers for a few moments at their door, presses his hands to the wood as if he could feel the buildings’ heartbeat under his palms.
He heard it whispered repeatedly in his head, folding napkins, picking a venue, helping Mary choose the menu, going suit shopping with John.
Emma grins at him cheekily. “You might not care, but we do. You two’ve got a bit of a dynamic duo vibe going on, the audience loves it. Good for ratings. You don’t want to know how much mail we got after Monday’s episode when John said he was bi and single. And the social media interaction has been insane.”
Around lunchtime, John tries to get him to eat something. Sherlock ignores him in favour of his violin, until the music gives him a headache and John gives him paracetamol and he falls asleep on the couch. When he wakes up the second time, John has made some more tea, and neither of them mentions the night before again.
Nobody knows that sometimes, late at night, Sherlock comes to John’s bed, cold and pale and obviously lonely without even being aware of it. He tries to be quiet every time, but John always wakes up, and Sherlock always notices. Sherlock reaches out a hesitant hand, and John pulls, and they touch each other with ever more steady hands, quietly, the only sounds muffled moans against each others’ lips. Afterwards, Sherlock always falls asleep almost in spite of himself, in John’s bed, tips of his fingers brushing John’s side, and John watches him for hours until he falls asleep himself. When he wakes up, Sherlock is always gone.
John turns around and spots him, and his face breaks into a brilliant, yet oddly private, smile. Sherlock ignores the unhelpful fluttering in his stomach and the inconvenient ache in his chest and goes over to join the other contestants.
John sticks a knife into the potatoes he’s boiling to see whether they’re cooked. Apparently they are, so he goes to the sink and pours out the hot water and replaces it with cold water from the tap. He comes back with the pot and starts peeling. “So you’re using this space for your videos and your jam-making?”
As they step under the trees, a hush falls. Birdsong stops mid-note, the sounds of wind and small animals rustling in the bushes ceases.
Molly nods at her cooly. She’s never warmed to Mary, and John wonders why he didn’t take that as the warning sign it very clearly was. “No problem.”
so Sherlock can take him apart at his leisure. It doesn’t quite work out that way, because John drags him off and up with a curse muffled between their lips and kisses Sherlock even as he unzips Sherlock’s trousers and sticks a hand down his pants, freeing Sherlock’s leaking cock. He drags Sherlock in until he’s sprawled on John’s lap, then John takes hold of both their cocks with a strong grip, and Sherlock is flooded by sensation. John is kissing him like the world is ending and tossing them off like there’s no tomorrow, and between the heat of John’s mouth and the insanely good, just the right amount of too rough friction as their cocks rub together, Sherlock’s mind is wiped blank of thought as he succumbs to pure pleasure.
Billy sighs and rubs a hand over his face, rubbing the sauce from the sandwich over his already dirt-streaked cheek. “Don’t want to know any details, but you ever done it? With a girl, even?”
“This is getting uncomfortable,” John says after a while, shifting in his seat. Sherlock can tell from his voice that his shoulder and back are starting to hurt from sitting on the floor in an uncomfortable position.
Sherlock notices him looking and stops playing. “I’m right,” he says. “I know I’m right. They’re idiots.”
John hasn’t said a word to Sherlock since they came up to their room. He can hear Sherlock, lying on his bed on the other side of the room. The silence is almost deafening.
“Just how many layers of clothes are you wearing?” Sherlock demands impatiently, shoving John’s jumper aside to get to skin only to be met with a t-shirt and a vest.
“Kitty Winters? May we have a moment of your time? It’s about Violet,” John greets the woman as they approach her outside her workplace, the Municipal Museum, where she works as a cleaner. She’s slight and poorly dressed and has a nervous energy about her. John guesses she’s not that much older than they are.
Silence falls, and Sherlock feels this odd sense of deja vu again, like this unprecedented situation is deeply familiar, like someone sleeping in his bed isn’t reckless and unheard of but natural and logical and safe. Maybe he should have asked John to leave. Maybe it would have been better. But it’s too late now; John’s small snore tells Sherlock that he’s fallen asleep.
Sherlock thinks, and goes to the bathroom to stare at himself in the small, dirty mirror over the sink.
“And statistically speaking, how high are the chances that you’re full of it?” John asks, grinning at Sherlock.
John, who’s sitting on the other side of Sherlock and is leafing through an issue of the Sun someone from the crew left lying around, looks up at that and grins. “Thank you, Irene. Maybe I will, someone’s got to ensure Sherlock’s followers have somewhere to go when he’s too busy with his bakery to keep up with the YouTube channel.”
Sometimes, though, the constant noise in his mind becomes too much for him to bear, and he wishes he could turn his thoughts off like normal people seem to be able to do. Sometimes, he wishes for sleep.
“Oi! Watson! Over here!” A few other boys have gathered around Mike and are waving him over. They look nice, friendly. Sherlock, on the other hand, doesn’t even look up.
John pulls Sherlock to his feet, and they dress themselves as neatly as possible under the circumstances. Sherlock picks up John’s glasses from the floor and finally examines them (-1.0 right, -0.75 left, antireflective glass, impression marks seem to indicate that John only wears them rarely – reading, work, computer monitor -  frame type ten quid Marks & Spencer, plastic, infinitely replaceable – conclusion: Sherlock needs to get John new frames.)
“Ahem.” The nurse from before clears his throat loudly. “Er, I mean, I don’t mind the show, but this is a hospital, gents, so maybe take it outside?”
“Mike!” John yells, going over and shaking him awake. “What the fuck, you were supposed to help her.”
This John now is a friendly stranger who looks vaguely like somebody Sherlock once knew. The visible annoyance at Irene is the first crack in the facade. And it takes every ounce of self-restraint Sherlock has not to play it up just to goad a reaction out of John.
The next time he sees John, it’s an hour later. John’s leaning against the bar, trapped between Sherlock’s mother and his aunt Ruth. He looks like he wants to jump out of the window, and he’s holding a glass of single malt that’s considerably less full than it’s supposed to be.
“I told you from the start,” Sherlock says, trying to keep the exasperation out of his voice. “I told you I wasn’t interested in a relationship.”
The Midnight Queen gestures at Lya, and she answers, reluctantly, “The winter before you came here.”
If Sherlock wanted to be technical about the definition of kissing – lips touching each other – then he supposes the first time they kiss is one he will never be able to remember because he was clinically dead.
It must be sexual frustration. Maybe he needs to make the time and mental space to take care of his bodily needs better.
Confused, dazed, John does what Sherlock told him. He walks home, goes into their room, gets undressed, and crawls into Sherlock’s bed instead of his own, all the while not allowing himself to think about it.
“You want some coffee?” John asks, gesturing at the kitchen. “I made a fresh pot after lunch, so it should still be somewhat liquid.”
“Good thing nobody asked you then, is it?” John says, and there’s a subtle note of steel in his voice that everybody in the room takes a note of. He gives Seb a pointed glare and Seb looks away.
If only Sherlock wasn’t still as brilliant, sarcastic, magnetic, graceful, amazing, rude, caustic, funny, gorgeous…
John shakes his head and swallows down a dozen insults to  Sherlock’s intelligence, his survival instinct and his general lack of anything remotely resembling common sense. What he would really like to do is yell a million variations of the word
The scones are an equal success. “You made your own jam, as well, I hear?” Lestrade says, and Sherlock nods.
Sherlock hums again, and he wishes he could say something, but there seems to be something lodged in his throat, and something else in his chest, because he feels constricted.
The door of his cell opens. A man walks in and sits down on the room’s only chair without saying a word. He’s lean, over six feet tall, dark hair and interestingly coloured eyes. He’s sharply but conservatively dressed in a bespoke three-piece suit in a dull brown. Everything about him is sharp, precise, and contained.
“She had something he wanted. Only it wasn't the thing he was really after,” Sherlock says, and there's something off about his tone as well. He's... measured. Cautious.
Jim grins, apparently vastly amused by John’s anger. “Why would I? He’s the most interesting thing I’ve found here so far.” He leans closer to John. “Oh, I’ve got so much to offer him, don’t you see? Brilliant, vibrant Sherlock Holmes, trapped in this insignificant little place, always under-challenged, always fighting boredom, always this voracious intellect, needing to be fed, oh, the puzzles I could give him. We could rule this world, he and I, and ours, too. Once this war has ground Britain into dust, we can take over so easily, like Germany, so easy. A few lies there, a little fear here, and there you go.”
John rolls his eyes, but he’s smiling as he steps up to help Sherlock, and together, they carry the cake to the tent.
They break apart and turn around to see Janine standing behind them, dressed to the nines. “You’ve been here twenty seconds, and you’re already snogging. Disgusting!”
This shouldn’t surprise him, logically, but it does. He’d sort of thought that John would… wait for him, somehow. But since John didn’t know Sherlock would come back waiting for him to do so would have been entirely illogical, though perfectly in character.
“Suit yourself.” John eats a whole potato with butter and salt, and then starts mashing the rest of them, adding big knobs of butter. He mixes in the cream cheese and the leeks he’s chopped before, and goes to check on his dough in the fridge.
The world is coming ever so slightly more into focus. Fireplace. Skull. Baker Street. Blurry shapes in the distance. Emergency lights, red-blue-red-blue-red-blue-red-blue.
The bathrooms are in the basement, at the end of a long, dark, dingy corridor, and all in all, Sherlock shouldn’t be surprised when he hears footsteps behind him, when someone calls his name.
They spent half the night relearning each others’ bodies, what feels good and what is too much, what tickles, what arouses, and it was even better than John remembers, because there was a sense of playfulness, of fun, that Sherlock didn’t have six years ago, he was all laser-focused intensity then, and he’s more mellow now. Still high-strung and intense and focused, but more self-assured, and somehow more sure of John, as well.
, something soft and serious. “You have the best laugh,” John says quietly. “You should laugh more often.”
all this already, knew after their first case together, same as he knows pretty much everything else about John.
Moriarty is next, and while his multilayered mini-cheesecakes are undoubtedly the most difficult bake in the room, the judges think there’s too much going on in the taste department.
John is distributing pizza slices from a few open boxes on the kitchen counter. He smiles at Sherlock when he enters the kitchen. “Salami, mushroom, ham or double cheese?”
Then Sherlock presses him against the door and covers John’s entire body with his. He leans in, breath ghosting over John’s lips, but not kissing him. He entwines their fingers and leans his entire body against John, so they’re pressed together from thigh to chest. Sherlock draws back a bit, and looks at him, searching and hesitant. “Tell me what you want,” he whispers against John’s lips.
When he wakes up the sun is shining brightly into their room. He checks his watch and curses, because his clinic shift started two hours ago. Also, every inch of his body hurts.
Surprised, Sherlock looks up at John, who’s perched on one elbow, looking at the screen. “But it’s at least six months. In Sydney.”
Roll out the pastry carefully, so carefully, the butter melts so quickly, get it into the form and press it tightly. Thin, but not so thin that the pie won’t keep its form. Fillings in, cut the lattice.
For a moment, Sherlock hesitates. He dislikes having to make conversation with people he barely knows. On the other hand, he is hungry, and it’s still raining, so he has to either brace the rain or order something on his own, and both seem too much trouble right now. So he nods and follows her downstairs.
Normally, when theatre becomes too messy, when there’s too many people and too much noise and chaos and emotion, all the things he normally thrives on, when it’s too much, he can just retreat into music, and science, and they’ve never failed to calm him down.
Instead, John looked at him with the kind of deep, wordless anger Sherlock has only seen on him a very few, frightening times. And then John punched him in the face. And then he yelled at him, incoherently, calling him heartless and bastard and traitor and bastard again, how dare he just show up after a year, as if nothing happened, without a word, without an explanation. And then he went upstairs, packed a bag and left.
John gestures at the screen. “It’s fucking Baz Luhrmann, Sherlock, and don’t pretend for a second that you’re the one actor on the planet who doesn’t want to do Mack the Knife.”
“Oh, it happens,” Billy says. “I’ve known plenty of men who live with other men, and women who live with women, and nobody thinks anything of it.”
Sofia is easy. Sherlock’s Russian is flawless, better than his counterparts’, and John’s presence at his elbow enhances his performance. The thugs he’s dealing with are vicious, but not especially sharp-witted. They’re only a stepping-stone to get him to the Eastern European kingpin. He spins a yarn for them about his ‘father’, a well-known Russian oligarch, and his shipping empire, and the opportunities for smuggling. They eat it up hook, line and sinker, and they give him far too many details about their own operation. One of them gets a bit handsy, and John growls softly and flips his suit jacket aside to show his Sig.
Mr Chatterjee looks vaguely scandalised. “Why have you brought me here, Sherlock?” he asks, eyeing Janine suspiciously.
Sherlock looks at John, the half-naked morning glory of him, the way the sun coming in through the kitchen window makes him almost glow with warmth, the way he smells of bed and coffee and sweat. He backs John up against the fridge and leans in for a kiss. John kisses back enthusiastically. Sherlock draws back a bit and mutters, “If you think for one second that you can walk out of here without a morning shag, you’re completely delusional.”
The sitting room is populated with ten or so members of that network, and Sherlock is standing in the middle of the room, pacing between them, checking what they’re doing. He’s in pyjamas and a dressing gown, and his hair's a mess, probably because he’s running his hands through it constantly; in short he’s in full mad-professor mode. Each of them has a clipboard with a questionnaire on it, and each is holding a pencil and filling it out.
Most of the contestants make their way towards the catering tent. Sherlock steps out for a bit of fresh air. He’s bored and restless and he would love a cigarette, but he doesn’t necessarily want to start smoking again on Day One of this endeavour. His phone buzzes. Mycroft. He hits ignore and takes a deep, cleansing breath of air. He knows what Mycroft wants, and he has zero interest in this conversation.
The car door opens. Sherlock starts a little, but John doesn’t stir, and Sherlock is both relieved and slightly embarrassed.
Sherlock shrugs, because he is, and he feels slightly guilty about it, but he also knows that John doesn’t really mind.
Gentle hands push him away, settle on his forehead and his chest, stroke down the side of his face, and that’s nice too, that’s wonderful, in fact, and Sherlock rubs his face against these hands, listens to John mutter, “Bloody paramedics take ages.”
When he’s greeted them all individually, he gestures for them to gather around. “We have some rules here, boys. First, I understand that boys will be boys, but I accept no fighting here. Second, you will receive three hearty, wholesome meals a day, and I ask you to respect that the cook is under strict orders not to serve any food in-between. Third, you may go anywhere within this house and within the grounds, but do not leave without asking permission. I am responsible for your safety while you are here, and I take this responsibility very seriously. I ask you to do the same.”
You wrote ‘Add raisins’. How many raisins per gram cream cheese? What sort of raisins? How can you function like this?
John seems to snap back to attention, and Sherlock realises that John was watching him, and he wonders what that means.
“It’s all right.” John turns to Sally. “He and I started at Baker Street Theatre at the same time. We had a steady cast of actors that season, so we were always rehearsing the next play while performing in the evenings with the same cast, and it was… well, intense. Sherlock was…” John trails off, lost in memory.
Then the elevator dings and they emerge into the lobby of the Savoy, looking rumpled but somewhat decent.
Part of it is that John is a walking contradiction, and Sherlock is one of the very, very few people who know just how entirely damaged John is. And the most brilliant thing about him is that nobody could tell by looking at him, especially now that he’s shed the limp. John looks normal, he sounds and behaves normal, but he isn’t. He’s an addict and a hunter, and at the same time he’s capable of a deep and sincere empathy, he’s highly moral and he kills without a second thought, he’s a doctor and a weapon, he’s the still waters that are deeper than any ocean and wilder than any storm. He knows Sherlock’s darker sides and he likes him anyway.
“Then stay,” Sherlock says gently. “But Mike isn’t your father, John. He isn’t Harry. It’s not your job to fix him. It wasn’t even your job to fix them. You can’t help him, and you know this better than anyone else.”
That in itself is such a rare occasion - everyone knows he prefers to text - that he jolts awake, heart beating, adrenaline biting into his sore muscles.
“It means that it doesn’t matter if the Gates are closed,” Sherlock says, grinning like a maniac, and John grins back, relieved to see the spark returned to Sherlock’s eyes.
“From your lips to the producers’ ears,” Janine says. “Well, speaking of, the bus will pick us up in 20 minutes.”
“About fifty,” Mike says around a mouthful of bread. “All boys, old Musgrave only takes boys. He’s even hired a tutor for us, but he’s on holiday right now, so classes are suspended. Thank God. He’s a good soul, old Dimmock, but he’s such a bore.”
“Well, ladies and gentlemen, it seems the competition is getting tighter and the air on top is getting thinner.”
Sherlock runs a hand through his hair and all but snarls in frustration. “None of your bloody business, get
“Idiot,” John mutters fondly. The bed dips a bit, and Sherlock is half afraid that John will leave, but John just lies down next to him and switches off the bedside lamp.
John is blond and British. Logically, he should burn to a crisp if he doesn’t wear sunscreen. Sherlock does. But years under the Afghan sun have rendered John impervious to sunburn.
He could let John go now. He’s gotten used to not having him around. It was a little bit like getting used to only having one leg, or chronic migraine. But he could do it now.
John nods. “Want me to come with you?” he says, even though he’s dead tired, but he feels a bit uncomfortable letting Sherlock walk the night streets alone right now.
Sherlock shakes his head, smiling. They were only in that elevator for about ninety minutes. It felt like half a lifetime.
The city’s architecture - what they can see of it in the gathering dust - is a mixture of the oddly familiar, stone and wood houses very much of a style with most English villages, and the strangely exotic, large, lofty spires with no doors, squat, cave-like structures seemingly made of living trees, houses that incorporate all sorts of elements.
It’s already dark when he feels like a cigarette. He knows he should resist; the sudden need to smoke again isn’t a good sign. It means his brain is understimulated, and that’s never a good thing. But cigarettes are better than other things, and he’s never had a problem with smoking just one, contrary to other substances, which he can’t use recreationally.
Sherlock should hate her, really. And he does, he hates her for touching John, for taking him away, for being good for John. At the same time Sherlock should love her, because she held John together with her bare hands, because she’s tough and brave and kind and carries a bag of heavy secrets. And Sherlock does love her. Which is why he doesn’t destroy her, doesn’t use every trick in his repertoire to get John away from her, because John, damn him, is happy. John has moved on.
“Are you ready to reach a verdict?” John asks, and he sounds both slightly nervous and vastly amused. He looks at Sherlock and flashes him a smile, and Sherlock suddenly wants to get this over with and be alone with John to lick that smile off his face.
The kettle clicks off and Sherlock pours hot water over the tea bags. He notices the cane hanging from the oven door when John opens it and puts the scones in to bake. John sets the timer and accepts the tea from Sherlock.
“I can tell,” John says mildly, sitting down on the one chair in the room. “You’re in full-on rant mode and the sun’s barely risen. But honestly, I agree with Dr. Hooper. If you’d seen yourself yesterday, you’d tell yourself to stay in bed for another day as well.”
“I’m trying to determine whether a well-aimed tennis ball could have caused the injuries in a case I’m consulting on for a Bulgarian client. Obviously.” He manages to sound defensive and superior at the same time.
But if he says no because of John Watson, he will do what he swore he wouldn’t do. He’ll cede power over his professional life to his heart instead of his head. So in a way, this is the ultimate challenge. And Sherlock Holmes loves nothing more than a challenge.
John dislikes afterparties. Many stage crew members do. Mostly it’s because they work longer hours than the actors and just want to go home when the show is done, but it’s also a bit of a social class thing. Usually, the backstage crew doesn’t socialise with the actors, nor the other way around. That doesn’t mean there’s no romance going on; in fact, many actors are married to stage crew, but there’s little mixing of social groups.
“You have a bespoke Armani suit lying around at home?” Mary asks. Then she grins. “Perfect. Silk or Linen?”
Sherlock nods, looking down at his hands resting on his knees. “Me too.” He lifts his gaze and gives John one of those razor-focused
Additionally to the scones and the macarons, he’s making a simple strawberry jam from scratch. The savoury macarons will be filled with a thin layer of salmon mousse and cream-cheese-cucumber mousse respectively, and it’s rather a lot of work for four hours, but he knows that if he pulls it off it will be spectacular.
Sherlock bites down on an amused smile and pulls out his phone to check his emails and to signal an end to this conversation. But he finds himself watching John Watson as he walks away, leaning on his cane ever so slightly more heavily than before.
“So, Molly, how is it going?” Mrs Turner takes a tiny spoon and dips it into the filling for Molly’s mince pies.”This is delicious.”
Mrs Hudson is there, going right in on the hugging. “Punch and biscuits in the green room, everybody. Let’s have a bit of Christmas cheer on our last night.”
“Yes, I see how that must have been annoying for a stubborn genius like you.” John is wearing that teasing grin again, the one that makes Sherlock want to taste it.
“Your lungs, mate, and your taste buds.” John raises his hands in a disclaiming gesture. “If you…. what the hell…”
Ten minutes later, they’re walking in Regent’s Park with coffee and appallingly awful chocolate muffins. The sun is shining and it’s an objectively lovely day out, but Sherlock feels nothing of it. His head feels like it’s been stuffed with wool, and the coffee does little to dispel his exhaustion.
And now there’s Mary, and she isn’t a cover story. She’s the one John goes home to. She provides both the cover and the substance. She saved John, the way Sherlock had done. Saved him from his loneliness and his depression.
Sherlock looks down at their joined hands and his heart clenches as he sees the age spots, the knuckles of her fingers gnarled with arthritis, and he realises that  - sooner rather than later - she’ll be gone, and he’ll have lost another person who loves him unconditionally for all the wrong reasons.
“Did you identify what killed her?” John asks, rounding the table to take a closer look at her face. She's young, early twenties, and it's clear even now that she was pretty in life.
So he does the opposite of what he wants. He turns and he walks away from John in the opposite direction, while he still can.
Sherlock waits until John is busy talking to Molly, then he slips out of the tent and goes looking for Moriarty.
John can feel Sherlock nod against his shoulder. Then he says, “I think you should take the apprenticeship. Just in case.”
He hits send and then goes back to his jam. His phone dings with an incoming text ten minutes later.
Sherlock’s hands are shaking when he opens the door to his flat. John would find this incredibly flattering if he had any room for feeling anything other than nervous anticipation. He wants to get this right, so much, and he knows Sherlock feels the same.
Moriarty made bite-sized Baked Alaskas, and they look perfect. When asked about his inspiration, he just says they remind him of the first time he went to America. The judges taste the bake, and they all make appreciative noises.
It would be so easy. Run after him. Hand on his shoulder, apologise for the words he didn’t mean. Kiss him. Ask him to stay.
it almost constantly, almost every night John goes to bed, and from the look that John sometimes gives him, that warm, almost smiling expression on his face, he knows he could
Sherlock parks the car at a bus stop, and John gets out, grabs his duffle, hesitates with his hand on the car door. "Thank you," he finally says.
Before them, about a mile or two from the edge of the forest, lies a city. White stone walls, elegant spires, smoke curling from hundreds of chimneys. A river flows through the city and leads into the sea. A few farms dot the landscape on the other side of the city. A horse-drawn carriage is nearing the gates from a distance. The sun glints off the white city walls.
They run and run and run, and the cobbled streets under their feet are slippery from the recent summer shower. It’s dark and the night is warm.
“And he told Sherlock, and Sherlock went off to investigate?” John guesses, though, really, it’s not a guess.
Sherlock closes his eyes and enjoys John’s warmth against him. “Nothing. Just Gregson being a pest and sending me job offers I won’t take.”
John takes him to his too-small room in one of the wooden barracks that surround the big hospital tents, and they slowly undress each other, touch everywhere, and Sherlock wonders why it didn’t occur to him before that he might want this, might want John this way. Normally sex is messy and complicated and Sherlock doesn’t care for it, but he should have known it would be different with John - everything is -  and it feels so good to be touched, to be wanted. It’s still messy, and it’s still complicated, but it’s also beautiful and breathtaking. It’s the happiest Sherlock has ever been, lying there on John’s tiny bunk with a utilitarian, ugly light bulb swinging from the ceiling, the heat of the day slowly draining out of the wood, the desert outside, vast and silent, and John right there with him, so alive, so angry, so passionately glad to see him.
He can hear John long before he can see him. The tread of his feet on the stairs is heavy, he favours his right leg. It’s five in the morning, just before dawn. He’s exhausted, just coming home from a night shift at Bart’s.
Sherlock rolls them so he’s lying on top of John, covering his body with his own. John shivers and hooks a leg around Sherlock’s hip, drawing him even closer. “You were right. My bake was perfect,” Sherlock says, nosing along John’s neck. “Yours was perfect too.” He bites down on the sensitive skin under John’s ear.
“Same with lamps,” Mary adds. “In your hand, prop. On the wall, lights. But only if it actually works, if it doesn’t work, it’s part of the set.”
Without consciously thinking about it, John fixes two cups of tea. He turns and hands Mary hers, then sits down at the kitchen table. Mary sits opposite.
Sherlock dismisses the thanks with a wave of his hand and grabs the thermometer. He puts it in John’s ear, and looks at it when it beeps. “38.6.”
Mike waves him in and John sits down on the only other chair in the tiny office. Mike looks terrible; red-rimmed eyes, unshaven, tired, his skin has a clammy, pasty look that worries John. “You all right?”
John types slowly, two finger system. He always misspells the same words, the plunks of his auto-correct program an odd counterpoint to Sherlock’s violin.
He checks his emails and is writing a new blog entry on the chemistry of marzipan when someone knocks on his door.
John is bad at disguises and he speaks only two languages plus a few necessary words in Dari and Pashto, but the role of laconic enforcer suits him to a T. He’s wearing sunglasses and a moderately expensive dark blue suit without a tie, three buttons of his white shirt undone, a very obvious shoulder holster and firearm peeking out under his sharply cut suit jacket. His body language is casually threatening, and the entire look makes Sherlock a little shivery, not that he would admit it.
The night progresses, with lots of beer and wine and talk about cats and half an hour of the doctors around the table - John, Mike and Molly - giving Neela tips about specialising, which puts the other half of the table nearly to sleep, except Sherlock, who has nothing whatsoever to add but loves every second of John reminiscing about his early days as a junior doctor at Bart’s in London.
Emma the contestant wrangler is standing next to the camera, which is placed in his studio kitchen. The crew arrived far too early in the morning and they’ve already done a shot of him walking down the street, and one entering Speedy’s, and now they’re sitting here and he has to endure inane questions. John told him they did something rather similar with him on Monday, only they didn’t come to his flat for the simple reason that they wouldn’t all fit into his kitchen.
“If I distracted you, and that’s why you lost, you must have made a mistake, because of the distraction. So what was it?”
That night he can’t sleep. That in and of itself is not an unusual occurrence, he was always a bad sleeper, and he has somewhat cultivated bad sleep habits by leading an unscheduled life and having had a severe drug problem.
Sherlock thinks of cigarettes at three in the morning, when even the visceral comfort of soft, warm dough under his hands can’t calm the racing thoughts in his skull, when even Locatelli or Bach or Paganini can’t soothe the savage hollowness behind his breastbone, thinks of walking Regent’s Park in the middle of the night to forage for rosehips, thinks of smoking a cigarette sitting on the edge of the roof of 221 Baker Street. “I do something slightly less stupid.”
For a moment, John is silent, scrutinising Sherlock with an unreadable expression. There’s something in his eyes, some of the steel he briefly showed to Moriarty earlier. “So what was your mistake?”
John’s been half-dozing, but he perks up when he realises that Mrs Hudson is deeply uncomfortable. “What is it?” he asks.
There’s a knock on his door. “Dinner!” Molly yells, and Sherlock sighs. Then he thinks of John, who’s probably already downstairs, waiting for him, and Sherlock closes his laptop.
Sherlock looks over at Mary, who’s busy setting up her station, but darts an occasional look at John. He wonders whether she’s one of the anonymous commenters on John’s blog. “You know, if you needed a lift, you could have asked me. We live in the same city.”
“Frankly, I don’t even want to know how you know she was friends with Violet Jones, but that makes this an even more open and shut case,” Lestrade says, and he rubs a hand over his face, obviously exhausted. “She had access to the poison Violet took, and had a reason to be suicidal.”
“It wasn’t that bad, I suppose. It just...” Sherlock sighs and runs a hand through his hair, messing it up still further than it already naturally is. “It’s so very, very dull. School, I mean. Until the war broke out, Mummy taught Mycroft and me at home. Then Mycroft went off to Oxford and Mummy had to do her bit for the war effort, and I was shipped off to boarding school. At first I thought it would be a great challenge, to have other teachers beside Mummy. But I soon discovered that most of them knew less than I already did, and those who knew more taught subjects I didn’t care for. It was hell, trying to pretend to care for Shakespeare and dreary old history. Math, Chemistry, Physics, Latin, Greek, were hell likewise, because I had to sit through hours of teachers explaining -badly - things I’d learned years ago, and sometimes they taught things the newest research had already disproved. When I argued with them, I was given detention. It was so, so very dull. And the other boys hated me, for knowing more than them, for being uninterested in sports, for outperforming them without even trying. So I started to sneak out of my dorm room at night to read in the library, or experiment in the chemistry lab. One day, I feel asleep over the Bunsen burner. The fire really was very minor.”
Sherlock should really wake John up. John’s neck will cramp if he sleeps like this any longer, and they need to be ready to move to catch their suspect at a moment’s notice. Besides, John won’t like being caught all but snuggling against Sherlock by Lestrade, or at least Sherlock is almost sure that John won’t like it. John’s been inconsistent about this, unpredictable like he is about so many other things.
John shrugs and goes to the fridge for milk. “Getting shot.” He comes back and adds a splash of milk to Sherlock’s tea. “Boring, really,” he adds with a self-deprecating smile that doesn’t reach his eyes as he hands Sherlock his tea.
He lies there for long moments and watches John, asleep, hair mussed, drooling a little on the pillow, snoring ever so slightly. Just sleeping, peacefully. Like this is normal, like there's nothing earth-shattering going on in this bed at all. Like Sherlock didn't get everything he never knew he wanted by just stating the simple truth in three words that were so obvious that Sherlock never thought to say them before.
John gives him a tiny smile, obviously amused. “Mycroft is teasing high-ranking members of the clergy, is he?”
The entire table laughs, including John. “I’ll try not to be too harsh,” John says, and when he smiles at Sherlock this time, it’s small and private and reassuring, and Sherlock stops being nervous, because it’s very much the thought that counts, and he knows John gets that Sherlock was trying to do something nice for him, however ineptly.
They walk home side by side, touching occasionally, stumbling into each other, smiling at each other like loons. Sherlock’s heart beats an extra mile, and he feels like the most brilliant man on Earth, followed closely by one John Watson.
Holmes looks at John for a long time in silence, and John has the uncomfortable feeling that he’s being studied, his character being measured and weighed. Then Holmes nods at the other side of the table and says, “That’s what I’m trying to find out.”
“Really?” Irene takes out her phone and pulls up Sherlock’s resume on his agency's website. “So you can play the violin at concert level and speak any foreign language given two weeks’ notice?”
“He has a point,” Sherlock says, and gets up, dropping his cigarette and stamping it out. “I’ll show you.”
John lets out a deep breath. “That was a lot more drama than I ever thought a baking show could have.”
The killer grins at both of them. “Now, boys, don’t be stupid. Let’s call this a draw, all right? You walk away, I walk away. Pretend we’ve never met.”
Sherlock draws back a bit, and for a moment, an icy silence falls. John bites his lips. “I’m sorry,” he finally offers. “I didn’t mean-”
“Don’t be absurd, Molly, you’ll be completely fine,” Sherlock says, patting her shoulder, knowing he looks awkward and unpracticed.
John kisses him again, slow, deep, hungry kisses that wipe Sherlock’s brain clean of thought, the way only exquisitely expensive illicit substances can, and sometimes baking.
Sherlock draws back to look at John, who gazes back at him, deceptively calm, but Sherlock can feel the tension in his body. He snorts. “Are you actually worried that I’ll say no?”
He gets up and shoots Jim in the head with a gun that he just happens to be holding, then he walks out of 221B, directly into the wide halls and beautiful peace of his mind palace.
“Don’t worry, you’ll be back in here before you know it,” Sherlock murmurs into his hair, as always seemingly able to read John’s mind.
Never again. He will never again give Mycroft the opportunity. He was going to ask Mycroft to at least co-sign a loan, if he wasn’t going to lend Sherlock the money himself. He was going to point out that it’s deeply unfair that Mycroft is sitting on Sherlock’s trust fund and only doling out amounts Mycroft thinks are appropriate for Sherlock to live off. He knows Mycroft will say no to the first and will point out that if Sherlock had access to the entirety of his trust fund, he would have blown it all on drugs by now, which is - unfortunately - entirely true. It’s also pointless to argue that the 150,000 pounds he needs is small change for Mycroft, because Mycroft will only point out that he has worked hard for his money and been careful with his investments, and if Sherlock deigned to do either, he would enjoy the same financial security as Mycroft. Another good point. A year in financial services would give Sherlock all the capital he needs. It would also drive Sherlock into a relapse, but Mycroft was always good at ignoring facts that don’t suit his narrative.
“Oh, dear, you must be so tired,” Mrs. Hudson says, waving away their discussion. “We can talk about this later. Go home and lie down for a bit, I’ll stay with Sherlock.”
John blushes violently and mutters something unintelligible under his breath, holding up his newspaper to hide his face.
“So all I have to do is taste cake and decide which one I like best?” Neela asks, looking sceptically between the two slices of cake and Sherlock, who’s pointing the camera at her.
John closes his eyes and winces as Molly tightens the bandages. "I think he might feel responsible. God knows I do. We couldn't help her."
The food porn shots take longer than usual today, and they’re all standing around outside the catering tent, hungry and cranky and cold.
“The fact is, Jim,” Donovan continues, and she does a far worse job of masking her annoyance than Moran, probably because she likes Moriarty less, “your very difficult bake didn’t work. John’s easier one did. You overstretched your abilities. John didn’t. John knows his limitations and works well within them, whereas you went for the showiest, most complicated bake you could think of every time, and it often didn’t pay off. We told you this, time and again, but you wouldn’t listen, while John took our criticism to heart and improved. So what is it exactly that you’re accusing us of? Because quite frankly, I don’t give a shit about what these two,” she gestures at Sherlock and John, “do when the cameras are off.”
John shrugs. “I don’t know. But we’ll manage. Together,” he says, and smiles at Sherlock encouragingly, hoping Sherlock can’t tell it’s mostly fake. Honestly, he feels like rolling into bed and crying, but he knows one of them has to be strong right now, and that it has to be him.
“You obviously haven’t seen the video where I made a bottle explode using only baking soda and vinegar,” Sherlock observes dryly.
John lifts the corner of his mouth in a half-smile and takes a sip of his tea. He closes his eyes for a moment and just breathes, then he shrugs and looks at Sherlock again. “Me neither. The questions they ask. What was it like, getting shot? Well, it fucking hurts, that’s what it’s like.” John rubs at his shoulder, right over his scar, with a deeply frustrated gesture.
Methodically, trying hard not to think about what he’s doing, he loads one bullet into the gun, then spins the chamber and lets it slide back.
“Well, Marie, I think they’ve all got an excellent shot. Sherlock always surprises, but both Molly and John will surely give him a run for his money.”
They walk the short distance to Baker Street in silence, and John tries to start sorting out the events of the day.
John distributes slices of cake and everybody grabs a fork and starts eating. John hands Sherlock a plate with a small private smile that makes Sherlock wish they were still… whatever they were, because he very much wants to drag John into the loo and taste that smile. Their fingers brush when Sherlock takes the cake from John and their eyes meet, and Sherlock can tell that they’re thinking about the same thing just now. Then John hastily looks away and Sherlock sits down to eat his cake.
“You know, I was sceptical about you prioritising showiness over taste, but that is one good cake,” Sally says.
Molly turns to them, and she looks a bit shaken. “I need a cuppa,” she mutters and vanishes in the direction of the catering tent.
For a while they’re silent, Sherlock gazing out of the window, John is lost in his own thoughts. Mostly he thinks of his mother, and how he isn’t sure if she’ll be deeply distressed or also secretly a bit relieved when he fails to come back. His life as he knew it is over anyway, school and home and his family all gone up in smoke. So what difference does it make, really, where he’s adrift and alone?
They stand there for several minutes, completely silent. John stares at Sherlock like he’s the most heartbreaking thing John has ever seen, and it guts something in Sherlock, shocks him into speaking. “John…,” he says, hoping his voice doesn’t come out as choked as he feels.
Sherlock hands John one of the stones, and if their fingers brush for longer than they have to, neither of them mentions it.
Sherlock bends down, letting his fingers drift over the cold stones to find the flat, round edged ones, the ones that are perfect for skipping. He finds a few, and throws one with the sharp, clear edged slicing throw he remembers from being a boy. The stone skips, once, twice, three, four, five times, then sinks under the water.
It also occurs to him that he should have thought this through more. He has no idea what to do. He only thought as far as getting John here; he didn’t consider what would happen after.
He turns around and John is leaning in the doorframe. “You want some punch?” he asks, clearly hesitant.
It occurs to John that he can’t accurately remember when he was last at the house. The last few days were so busy with the case that he just came right here after work, and Sherlock has been picking up Rosie from kindergarten for the last two weeks at least.
He grabs Sherlock’s hands and leans down, kissing him and pressing his hands into the mattress again. “You’re mine,” he whispers fiercely against Sherlock’s lips. “Mine.”
Sherlock opens his mouth to answer, then closes it again when he realises he has nothing whatsoever to say.
Sherlock says nothing and waits for John to get over his inherent stubbornness to realise that Sherlock is making a common sense suggestion.
“Still, he’s so cool during filming, I never thought he’d be the type to stress-bake,” Irene says, ladling some of Sherlock’s home-made jam onto her scone.
Sherlock gives him a small, soft smile. “I do wonder what would have happened if we’d done this six years ago. If I gave up six years I could have been with you, because I didn’t have faith that we could last.”
Sherlock watches him covertly, trying not to seem too obvious about it. He spent all of yesterday evening pacing his kitchen, waiting for… something. For John to come back, for John to contact him in some way. And at the same time as he was checking his phone every five minutes, he was cursing his own stupidity for letting himself care about his casual shag’s sister’s health. Finally, he broke and sent a two word text.
John shrugs and looks down at his somewhat battered-looking phone. "Well, my sister was supposed to pick me up half an hour ago, and she's not answering her phone, so I'm not holding my breath." He looks up at Sherlock and smiles, but it seems forced, and Sherlock can see the strain. "Well, there's a train station a few miles down the road, and some of the crew will be going that way, so I can catch a ride with them."
“What?” Sherlock asks. He takes an apple from the fridge and almost runs into John, who’s standing behind him with a piece of potato. It’s still hot, the steam rising from the piece. John has put a wedge of butter and a bit of salt on it, and the butter is slowly melting into the potato.
“They didn’t,” Sherlock says, gesturing at John with a negligent hand-wave. “It’s just obvious. Posture, haircut, tanned face and hands but nowhere else, gun calluses on your hands, cane.” He gestures at the parts of John he’s describing. “The only thing I couldn’t figure out is whether you were stationed in Afghanistan or Iraq.”
Sherlock on a visceral level, or his entire sense of self collapses. He realises that it’s not exactly healthy, but there’s nothing he can do about it, especially right now.
He looks at John, who’s almost asleep, body pressed against Sherlock’s side, hand resting possessively on Sherlock’s hip bone. Even now, Sherlock has to resist the urge to roll John to his back and taste every inch of his body he hasn’t tasted yet, he’s sure there’s miles and miles of skin yet to discover, starting with the spectacular scar on his shoulder. John’s body is compact and strong, yet it’s easy to see where he lost the muscle mass he used to have before his injury. He’s a bit too thin, and his hip bones stick out enticingly, made for biting and holding on to. They fit in Sherlock’s hands like they were made for it, and Sherlock has to shake himself to stop this nonsensical way of thinking.
“So what you’re saying is,” John summarises around a bite of scone, “that last night’s cake was good, and that we might share a slice again, but that’s no reason to buy the bakery?”
The houses are empty, but the kind of empty that makes it clear the inhabitants left in a hurry, but knew they wouldn’t be coming back for the foreseeable future. There are no rotting foodstuffs, and the wardrobes are open yet empty. Some of the doors stand open, and there are faded places where there’s an obvious piece of furniture missing, but nothing large. A chest, a picture frame, a grandfather clock shape still visible in the discolouring of the paint on the kitchen wall. The old church is stacked with crates and boxes, presumably the villagers’ belongings.
The Midnight Queen sighs, looking down at her hands. “This is not entirely true. The Ancients left us instructions, how to find the spots where the walls between worlds are thin, and how to build the bridges that bring the worlds together. But the only copy of the book in existence was kept safely among the treasures of our people, and few knew its secrets.”
John huffs a laugh, easy and amused and so very, very charming, and Sherlock wants to taste that laugh, wants to chase it into John’s mouth with his tongue. “Glad it’s over?” John asks, still smiling at him.
The coffee is perfect, of course, just the way he likes it, a splash of milk and no sugar, and the scones are still warm.
John doesn’t cling. Not to things, and not to people. Most of the time, at least. He had next to nothing when Sherlock met him. No stuff, no people. No family.
“Make a GoFundMe page. For your bakery. Like that chap who invented that machine that gets plastic out of the ocean?”
“He told me,” Sherlock says, and from the honest surprise on her face he realises that he should have known they were getting in too deep even back then.
Sherlock is woken up by the sun shining into his bedroom window. He turns to his side and contemplates the sleeping John Watson in his bed. John is curled on his side, hand under his pillow, the other hand resting casually on Sherlock’s arm. Finally, he decides against waking John up by rolling him onto his back and kissing down his chest and following that enticing, almost irresistible trail of hair from his navel down to where his morning erection is straining his boxers.
“It’s make-up when it’s actually on your face,” Sally says. “When you carry it on stage in your hand, it’s a prop.”
“Yes, you do,” John says, and suddenly all amusement fades. “Well,” he says, “This seems an excellent opportunity to flee the scene, if you ask me.”
They just look at each other in silence for a few minutes, taking in the respective ravaged state of the other. When their eyes meet, Sherlock is sure they’re thinking the same thing once more.
Sherlock wakes to darkness and an empty bed. He reaches over and the sheets are rumpled, but cold, so John must have gotten up some time ago. Still half asleep, he stumbles out of bed and into the loo and wonders whether John left, and whether he’s relieved or disappointed about that.
Sherlock nods. “Left-handed but writes with the right hand.” He takes up the package and sniffs it. “River mud, cheap cologne. Jefferson Hope wrapped this. So somebody knows we caught him and delivered it in his stead.”
Sherlock doesn’t answer, and John’s almost relieved. He’s got time to think of something to say, then. He takes off his clothes, pulls on his pyjamas and gets ready for bed as quietly as possible so he won’t wake Sherlock.
“I broke my vow,” Sherlock whispers, unable to look away from John’s face, which does something complicated, and for a moment, Sherlock thinks that John is going to cry.
John sighs. “I’m not disputing that. I’m just... “ He pauses, obviously thinking about how to phrase whatever he wants to say. “Don’t…” He interrupts himself again, rubs a tired hand over his face. “I’m not sure it was worth it. Worth the consequences.”
An hour ago, Sherlock felt frozen in time and space and his own brain, stewing in its own juices, like a trapped animal, ready to devour itself to get free, get out, get away.
Her one-room bedsit is two floors up from Violet’s. Sherlock and John make themselves comfortable on the bed while Kitty busies herself making tea. She hands a mug to each of them, then sits down in the room’s only chair and gazes into her own mug.
Sherlock gets up when Mycroft does and holds out his hand, nearly trembling with nerves and suppressed joy. “You won’t regret this, Mycroft.”
John shrugs and gives Sherlock a sad little half-smile. “Not the same, though. I think half the point of being nostalgic for food my gran used to make is the fact that she was the one making it.”
And it held firm and strong again only when he was chasing a killer with Sherlock Holmes through the dark streets of London.
“Now, dear, don’t get sentimental, we’ve got a show to host. This week’s challenge is dessert, and the last showstopper is also the last opportunity of our bakers to impress the judges with a mouth-watering dessert good enough to get them into the final.”
Thinking back over the last few days, especially Sunday, John tries to identify what might have happened to cause this insomnia. Sherlock never sleeps that much, and he can go longer without it than most people John knows, but usually when John comes home from the pub - or date nights, but he hasn’t been on many of those lately and he won’t start asking himself why now -  Sherlock is already asleep, and he’s often still asleep when John leaves for work in the morning.
The room is quiet and cozy in the dim light of John’s bedside lamp. Rosie’s bed is sitting in a corner opposite John’s. Some toys are lying around; John’s beige jumper is thrown haphazardly over the armchair by the window.
Then he watches John sleep, curled on his side on the comfortable bed, dressed in pants and a vest, the moonlight falling over the bed making him look cool and ethereal. Sherlock knows he’s warm and real.
John huffs a laugh."Didn't expect you to.” He drains his beer and sets it down. “I’m going for a walk.” He looks at Sherlock with a slightly embarrassed smile. “Care to join me?”
For a moment, Sherlock is silent. “Only idiots care about what other people think of them,” Sherlock says finally, turning back to his book, obviously dismissing the subject. But he keeps gazing at John thoughtfully when he thinks John’s not looking, and there’s an odd expression on his face.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Really, John, you know every impulse we have is based on our brain sending chemical signals to our body, so I experienced a chemical malfunction in my brain that made me react…. inappropriately. It won’t happen again.”
The meeting with the BBC and their sponsor was.... disappointing. The sponsorship would extend to Sherlock using the products in his YouTube videos and featuring them at the beginning or end of every video. Since the quality of the baking equipment is adequate, this would not be a problem, but the arrangement doesn't get him any nearer to what he actually needs, which is loads of money. Now.
“You insisted we investigate the village. You knew something was wrong with the woods, you said so yourself. You saw drag marks, you thought they’d disappeared in the woods, and you didn’t bother to mention it. And when we were at the stones you did... something. You brought us here, and now we’re stuck!” John’s yelling that last part, tiredness, frustration and fear stoking his anger.
“And do you think he made this choice fully aware of all the facts, and in sound mind and with rational judgement?” Mrs Hudson asks gently, squeezing his hand tightly.
Sherlock sighs. Trust John to cut through the bullshit and ask the one question Sherlock can’t actually answer. He takes a sip of his revolting tea and thinks of how to put this in words. The truth is that he had no idea what was going to happen, and that the not knowing was so very thrilling, so very much the opposite of being bored, that he let himself get carried away with the rush. But he can’t say that to John. So he tries to find other words that are equally true. “I wanted to see who he was, draw him out of the shadows, and then find a way to beat him.”
“I should go,” John finally says. He picks up his trousers from the back of one of the armchairs in Sherlock’s sitting room and pulls them on.
Fire, panicked animals, shrapnel everywhere. The blast throws John down to the ground like a rag doll and he feels the air forced out of his lungs by the impact. Coughing, holding his ribs he sits up. “Sherlock!” he yells.
“You know her?” John asks, having noticed the interaction. He’s been perching on a bar stool at his station, quietly looking around and apparently enjoying the moment.
On the other hand, it’s raining, and it’s not like they’ve never shared a bed before. John didn’t kick Sherlock out of his hotel room, and all he had to do was walk across the hall, not trek across the city in the rain. “Don’t be ridiculous,” Sherlock finally says. “You’d get soaked through and you’d probably blame the resulting pneumonia on me.”
Sherlock snorts but makes himself comfortable on John’s bed, not protesting, and that says a lot about how tired Sherlock must be. John lies back down again, accommodating himself around Sherlock’s sprawling limbs. It should be cramped, but Sherlock somehow fits himself into all the spaces John doesn’t need, and John pulls the blankets around both of them, too comfortable to complain about Sherlock waking him up and then taking up half of his bed. Truth be told, he likes it, even though he would never admit it. He’s not supposed to like sharing a bed, he knows they’re too old for this. But Sherlock doesn’t give a toss about what he’s supposed to do, and John is inclined to think that Sherlock has a point.
He stands there for a while, but then he hears the police officers come out of the building, and follows Sherlock’s example.
people do things, not just how. Mycroft had John figured out five seconds after they met. Sherlock did too, but he wouldn’t have considered manipulating John into a stubborn loyalty to Sherlock by reverse-psychologically trying to bribe him into betraying Sherlock. Mycroft plays John like an instrument every time they’re in the same room, and Sherlock both admires his skill and resents him for manipulating John, who, if Sherlock had his way, would have permanent immunity from being used as a weapon, or a bargaining chip, or a chess piece.
Reaction interviews are quickly done, and then Sherlock goes to his room without a second glance to anyone. Especially not John.
“I have orders not to kill you, but my orders say nothing about your kneecaps,” the Fey’a leader says, pointing his crossbow at John’s knees.
Sherlock has no answer to that, so he just nods once, stiff and stoic, and then he raises his violin to his shoulder and starts to play again, aware of John’s eyes on him, boring into him like John wants to x-ray his skull to make sense of him.
When he emerges from the little washroom down the hall, he can finally take in his surroundings. The hallway is dark but clean and several doors lead into sick rooms very much like the one Sherlock is currently sound  asleep in. He opens several doors before he pokes his head into the doctor’s small office. She smiles at him and points to a chair. As John opens the door more fully, he realises the doctor isn’t alone.
“What mistake am I going to make?” John asks, and to Sherlock’s surprise, he sounds genuinely curious, and there’s a small smile playing around his lips.
John nods, obviously embarrassed, and he gives Sherlock a half-smile. “Good. Second degree tea burns aren’t fun.”
The realisation twists something bitter and complicated in Sherlock’s stomach, and he looks away, trying to banish the thought from his mind.
It feels a bit like resisting having a cigarette, and he is proud of himself for managing it. Oddly, the fact that he resisted sex with John makes him crave an actual cigarette, anything to calm the itch in his fingers and the butterflies in his stomach at the very thought what John’s skin would taste like, how he would wind his fingers into Sherlock’s hair and make those divine noises that go straight to Sherlock’s….
Sherlock winds his fingers through John’s hair and pulls his head back to look at him. “How are you still here?” Sherlock asks, amazed, awed, and not a little terrified.
He looks at his watch. 45 minutes to go. He gets into costume and fixes his hair, which looks like somebody kneaded his hands through it while kissing Sherlock as if his life depended on it, and Sherlock smiles.
Sherlock suppresses a smirk. Asserting authority while simultaneously giving Sherlock what he wants. Lestrade has indeed grown up as a director.
Sherlock opens his eyes and sees John hover next to the sofa he’s sitting on. He’s rubbing the back of his neck, and Sherlock recognises the gesture as a sign that John is uncomfortable. He ruthlessly suppresses the little voice in his head that says,
John huffs a small laugh and makes his way upstairs. Sherlock watches the fabric of the grey slacks stretch over his arse. Then he closes John’s recipe book and follows him upstairs.
The cab stops in front of 221, and they get out. Sherlock pays the fare and Mrs Hudson unlocks the door. They stand in the foyer for a moment, then Mrs Hudson pulls him in for a fierce, long hug.
“Sherlock, this looks incredibly precise.” Mrs Turner points to his spreadsheet. “What are you doing right now?”
Irene has the judges raving with her walnut and cheddar scones and her Vienna swirls, which are technically perfect and look gorgeous.
“Oh, Jim, please. And I do very much exist.” Moriarty’s smile widens, but his eyes remain oddly dead. “I must admit I wasn’t looking forward to this show. Good for social media engagement, but  not much of a challenge.Now that you’re here, though, that has changed.  Winning against the rest of these imbecilic, talentless amateurs would have been meaningless. Winning against you, however, will be my crowning achievement.”
Sherlock nods. That’s fair enough. “I spend so much of my life bored out of my skull, my mind racing and turning on itself if it isn’t constantly engaged. Moriarty wasn’t boring. Not once.”
“Time to go, Johnny boy,” Jim whispers to John and cuts him free from the tree. His hands and feet are still bound, and Jim all but drags him to the edge of the clearing, just outside of the circle of light created by the torches.
John thinks of how to best phrase what he wants to know. “Do you think they’re… good?” he finally asks, making a face even as he says it, knowing he sounds like a child.
It’s Tuesday, and he’s oddly dissatisfied with life in general. He shouldn’t be. The first episode aired yesterday. He watched it, and he’s satisfied with his baking performance. It led to his brother’s calls escalating to daily instead of three times a week, and to the deduction that Mycroft must be out of the country, since he has yet to appear unannounced in Sherlock’s kitchen. It also led to the predicted surge of popularity for both his and Irene’s YouTube channels, with his having a slight edge because he won. His hits have quadrupled and his subscribers have doubled. He could quit today, and this entire exercise would have already served most of its purpose.
“Good night, Daddy,” Rosie says, and John acknowledges her with a little wave before collapsing back to the bed.
What if he doesn’t like it? He’s almost never liked it, all that touching, all that messy fumbling, and for what, a short high inferior to any purely, pristinely chemical ones.
“What kind of mistake?” John asks, trying to make it clear from his tone that he is genuinely asking.
Sherlock, predictably, hasn’t said a word since they left the Fey’a village, and John doesn’t blame him. He feels like his own head is about to explode, and he’s sure Sherlock’s far ahead of him, analysing facts and implications. So they walk back in companionable silence, and John tries to make sense of any of this on his own. Three things are clear to him. One, there’s a dangerous criminal on the loose who’s smuggling guns and people from their world into this one. Two, that dangerous criminal, supposedly one Jim Moran, is sitting on their only way home. Three, none of that will stop Sherlock.
“No. He broke through from the other side about a year ago. And he brought people with him. Dangerous people. With weapons. They guard the Gate.” Lya shudders. “Since then, we've been trying to apprehend him, but he never comes to the Faedorn personally anymore. He never did like doing things himself,” she adds, and there's a bitter hatred in her tone that makes John's skin crawl.
“No need to apologise for your unbiased opinion.” Sherlock dismisses her apology with a wave of his hand. “Mrs Hudson?”
John blushes a bit and rubs the back of his neck, an obviously embarrassed gesture that makes Sherlock think entirely inappropriate things, like what John smells and tastes like exactly there. “Thanks.”
It’s raining. Their attic room is cold and the rain pelts a staccato rhythm against the roof over their heads. John is so very, very tired. He’s trying to read, but he’s had a long day. He’s had a long couple of weeks, to be precise.
John’s birthday is on his day off, but he spends most of it in the clinic. A building collapsed and ten people have been injured, and one person killed. He’s busy bandaging wounds, and assisting Dr. Sholto with an amputation until six that evening. When he's finally done, he’s exhausted, sweaty and feels sixty, not sixteen.
John blushes a bit, but apparently decides he might as well continue as he’s come so far and says, “I’ve got neither, Mrs Hudson.”
He gets off the bed and opens it. Molly’s on the other side, smiling at him shyly. “We’ve got pizza. John said to get you.”
But he never brings other people tea, either. And he never ensures that good-looking, charming ex-army doctors have workstations next to him.
On a somewhat related note, there’s actually a word in German that describes the process of glazing a bake with apricot jam, it’s ‘aprikotieren’, which translates to ‘to apricot’, so if you ever want to use a fruit name as a verb, you now know how to do it.
He plays until John’s exhaustion catches up with him and he falls asleep in his chair. Then he goes into the bathroom and flushes the rest of the horribly expensive, high-quality, wonderfully good cocaine he bought only the previous afternoon down the toilet.
Today, they’re all nervous, even Sherlock. It shouldn’t matter whether he wins or loses, his social media interactions are stagnating on a high level right now. But he doesn’t want it to end. Or more precisely, he wants to stand in a room with too many people and too many lights and ovens while he watches John Watson bake just one more time. He wants one more time of bad baking banter, of awkward sexual tension and a constant reminder that he isn’t supposed to touch John anymore. In a way, he should want it to end. He should want to rip off the band-aid, not peel it off inch by excruciating inch. But once this show ends, he’ll never see John again. And even though that’s entirely his choice, Sherlock is irrationally sad about it.
“You’re all too young to remember the good old upside down jelly cakes,” Mike reminisces with a far-away smile on his face. “My mum made one with tinned peach halves and pineapple, and it was objectively disgusting, but I make that cake every year for my oldest’s birthday, she won’t have anything else.”
John holds up a hand to stop him. “Let’s just agree that we both ignored an inconvenient truth when we really shouldn’t have.”
But then he locks eyes with John, and John says, very slowly, very gently, “Sherlock. Let me go.” There’s no fear in his voice or his eyes, no submission, no danger.
He’s also thinking hard about what to do about the next Bake Off challenge. The theme is “Fill me”, and the Profiteroles for the technical are easy. But the showstopper calls for sweet and savoury filled pastries, and he doesn’t know what to do. It’s not especially interesting, and he’s annoyed that he needs to come up with a savoury dish for the third time.
In a way, it’s a relief. Ever since that bloody telegram his mother and Harry tried so hard to keep calm and carry on, as they say. Now, at least, in a burning city and with everything they own crumbled to ashes, they have to acknowledge that the world is ending.
John comes back and wordlessly sets a cup of tea next to Sherlock’s hot plates before going back to setting up his workstation.
“What are you two conspiring about?” Mrs Hudson asks, accompanied by Mrs Turner and the steadicam, and Sherlock and John move apart automatically.
Cool hands push his aside and lift his under-shirt up, rubbing the ointment onto the bruises on his back, and John goes entirely still. It's a little too rough to be entirely pleasant,  but the unfamiliar touch still makes goosebumps rise over John's entire body, and he twists his head to look at Sherlock, who is frowning at the bruises, holding up John's under-shirt with one hand and applying the salve with the other. Sherlock’s touch is almost clinical, but it still seems like he can feel every individual molecule of Sherlock’s skin touching his. Sherlock’s hands are cold. It's oddly pleasant.
“But that makes no sense. How can a worse bake be the better cake?” Sherlock asks, mostly because he’s trying to hide his disappointment with making a birthday cake for John he didn’t like.
Sherlock works steadily, peeling and cutting apples into bite-sized pieces. The room is oddly quiet, only the hosts are moving from station to station, asking the bakers a bit about themselves and what they’re baking.
Both nod, and John hands out mugs from the pot he’s kept warm on top of their oven. Billy drains his cup quickly, seemingly deciding that there’s not much more to be gained here. “Well, gents, I’ll be off, then,” he says.
“The technical challenge: The humble Profiterole. A delicate pastry with a cream filling and a rich chocolate sauce.”
“What are a few more Humans in Temera? Lestrade is a good man, but if knowledge of this became public, he would be pressured to establish a permanent Watch presence in the Faedorn, and if that ever happens it might be a trigger for open violence between Fey’a and Human for the first time in centuries,” the Midnight Queen answers, and John hears the steely resolve in her tone.
“It was difficult to decide between Sherlock’s honey-glazed nuts and delicate dark chocolate and Molly’s caramel-peanut-crunch, but we’ll give it to Sherlock for this round, because his cookies had the best consistency all out.”
“Obviously,” Sherlock answers absently. He stops and rounds on John. “Don’t you see? The package! He’s sending a very clear message. The shoes were a threat. Look at what I do to people who get in my way. But the crystal, I think that was an offer.”
John helps her as much as he can, holding her instruments and passing her the things she asks for, and when they’re done, she smiles at him. “Well done.”
But keeping Sherlock Holmes alive, making sure his heart keeps beating and his body keeps supporting his genius, beautiful, idiot brain, might just turn out to be John Watson’s methadone.
John looks at Sherlock, and for the first time, Sherlock has the feeling John is actually looking at Sherlock the person, not Sherlock the actor. He’s even smiling a bit. “Do you want to tell the story?” His tone is teasing, and Sherlock’s heart does a very impressive flip.
Additionally, Sherlock is aware that he must occasionally eat and sleep, and it’s easier to remember this when there is somebody around who does both regularly. Also, the likelihood of there being food around is greatly increased if somebody in the house actually does the shopping.
“Sorry,” Sherlock finally says as he pulls back, taking a painful step out of John’s personal space.
Technically speaking, this is their first kiss. It doesn’t merit the distinction as a kiss, of course, but the entire evening has a Before and After feel to it, a dividing line in the sand for his life and for his relationship with John, something that changes them forever.
Mr Lestrade says goodbye to them, and John remembers to thank him for both of them, since Sherlock can’t ever be bothered, and then Mrs Hudson sits down at the table with them. “I’ll get you some blankets and sheets,” she says, “And tomorrow we’ll see what we’ll do for clothes for the two of you.”
Everything is hot. Everything is glowing, brightly. Nothing is in focus; the entire world has hidden between a gauzy tapestry of translucent silk.
“What is it?” he asks again, because Sherlock hates pubs, and having drinks with mates, and he doesn't even usually acknowledge birthdays.
Sherlock shrugs, but finally looks up from the paper. He starts eating mechanically without much gusto. “Break-in in a Fey'a jewelry store. Apparently somebody stole a whole safe's worth of something called Fey'a crystal. Watch confidently expects to make an arrest, meaning they probably haven't the first idea what happened.”
The other contestants start arriving, and by now he recognises them by their tread. Irene’s clicking heels, Janine stepping over the cables. Moriarty, firm and heavy-booted. Neela’s rubber-soled trainers barely make a sound. Mike, heavy tread in soft brown loafers. John, cane an odd counterpoint to his careful steps.
“You do realise it’s a wish, not a statement of fact, right?” John asks, and sets down the duffle bag at his feet.
Tip: Make sure the icing isn’t too runny, otherwise it won’t stick to the sides of the Punschkrapfen. If you’re making them with alcohol, add two teaspoons of rum to the icing. Also, the icing should be really thick. The best thing about Punschkrapfen is that first bite and cracking the icing.
"You mean you're sponging off my superior intellect to get a leg up over the competition," Sherlock says, eyebrows raised in challenge.
John is fast asleep in the darkened bedroom. Sherlock slowly undresses and crawls into bed. He fits his body to John’s and starts kissing his neck. “Time to get up,” he mutters against the shell of John’s ear.
The judges huddle for a moment, then they make the announcements. To absolutely nobody’s surprise, Dimmock, whose scones resembled coasters, is out. To absolutely nobody’s surprise, Sherlock wins.
John has been dropping likes and comments on his videos, though, and Sherlock has responded to every one. Apparently some of Sherlock’s YouTube followers are watching the show, and they’ve been flirting with John in the comment section of his video about puff pastry, and Sherlock finds this oddly frustrating.
Truth is, he isn’t entirely certain. The rooms all look pretty much identical, and both he and John apparently stuck their overnight cases in their closets. And last night, as they stumbled upstairs, unwilling to let go of each other for longer than absolutely necessary, he wasn’t paying attention to whatever room they stumbled into. Apparently, neither did John, which means they were lucky that they didn’t end up in another contestant’s room.
“That I should stop covering up my insecurities by yelling at my DSM. Completely destroyed my authority with the cast, but it was actually pretty constructive advice in the long run,” Lestrade says with a grin, and everybody laughs.
Sherlock thinks for a moment, then he says, “Creativity is important, but so is precision. Baking is a delicate balance; truly perfect bakes need perfect control.”
John laughs, and Sherlock feels it down to his toes. He doesn’t remember the last time he made someone laugh. Deliberately. With him, not at him.
It’s dangerous. He knows this. Sex is one thing, but feelings? Feelings unsettle him, cloud his judgement and sow chaos in the orderly corridors of his mind palace. It took him years to rebuild his life after his second time in rehab. These days, he is rigidly focused and in control. He is the only person in charge of his contentment. And that cannot change, ever again.
“Over-whipping cream is one of the mistakes that every single baker has made before. Well, except me,” Sherlock says to the camera with what he hopes is a self-deprecating smile.
Here's to this crazy, awful, thoroughly weird year, and here's to all the performers out there who have had it extra hard this year. We miss you! I hope in 2021 we can all finally put this craziness behind us. Stay healthy, guys!
“I’m not sure he can walk,” John answers, gesturing at Sherlock, who’s only upright because he’s leaning against John.
John smirks humorlessly. “Good to know that an overdose turns you into a terrible liar, normally you’re so good at it.”
Sherlock looks down, and the hesitation before he speaks is highly unusual for him. “Well. Yes. Right now.”
He puts a steaming mug next to Sherlock’s elbow and sits back down. For a few minutes, he just enjoys warming his hands on his own mug, slowly sipping the hot beverage. It’s oddly comforting, sitting here like this. Sherlock ignores him, but John is content just watching as he slowly and carefully dissects the rabbit, checking every organ he removes for damage. It's interesting, a bit like being back at school in Biology.
The cell is cold but clean, and the furniture is sparse but relatively new. There’s even a tiny barred window that lets one catch the occasional sunbeam. It’s not luxurious by any stretch of the imagination, but he expected to be shot on sight, and he wonders why he wasn’t.
Silence descends again, and they just look at each other. John’s eyes are very dark and very blue and very calm. Sherlock swallows. He feels a curious warmth travel through his body. His breathing has quickened a little. John’s eyes are heavy and he’s smiling a little. The very air between them seems charged, dense. John licks the salt off his lips.
“I’ve always thought so,” Sherlock says, and then the conversation dies, because the hosts and judges are entering the tent, and a hush falls over the contestants.
Sherlock nods and sets the oven timer before taking a tray of freshly thawed croissants and putting them into the hot oven.
Sherlock has been gone from Baker Street for 79 days when he finally gets a text on his brand new burner phone.
“Let’s see,” Sherlock muses, and John knows what will follow now. Sherlock will put their killer together like a three-dimensional puzzle, and John only hopes he will be intrigued enough to listen before he kills Sherlock. Obviously, that is Sherlock’s plan. Keep the killer talking until backup arrives.
Afterwards, just after Sherlock got out of the hospital, over breakfast, John asks what they’re going to do now, how they’re going to go after Moriarty.
John groans into his mouth and pushes his hands under Sherlock’s jacket to get him out of it. Sherlock shrugs off his coat and jacket and lets them fall to the floor, all the while doing his best not to break the kiss. John hooks his fingers into Sherlock’s belt loops and walks them back in the direction of the bed. They fall down onto the mattress in a tangle of limbs and eager fingers trying to get through clothing to touch skin. John’s T-shirt goes flying and one of Sherlock’s shirt buttons rips, and he doesn’t care. He lets his hands wander greedily over John’s warm, compact body, lets himself enjoy the weight of John on top of him pressing him into the mattress.
In the end, Mycroft said the one thing Sherlock listened to. “Do you want him to live? Then you can endure seeing him sad.”
He never does this. He doesn’t feel randomly attracted to near strangers and thinks about kissing them.
John laughs. “That’s the spirit,” he says and herds Sherlock out of the door in the direction of the tent.
John squirms against Sherlock, freeing his hands and winding them in Sherlock’s unruly hair. “I want you to kiss me. And then I want you to take me to bed.”
Moriarty, who’s sitting at another table, is making a gagging sound. The other contestants ignore him. He’s been unpleasant to everyone today, but especially to John. Sherlock has been keeping a keen eye on him, but Moriarty wouldn’t dare to try to sabotage either of them in a room full of cameras. The producers have also stressed that anyone caught playing “practical jokes” on other contestants would be instantly disqualified, clearly a reaction to Sherlock and John’s little prank on Moriarty. Moriarty was smug about it, but it’s also clearly kept him from retaliating.
