It feels strange to look at her, to know that the woman he asked to marry him is not sitting in front of him, swollen and pregnant.  That woman never existed.
As John carries Sherlock up 221’s stairs, one of Sherlock’s feet gets stuck and he begins to drag.  They stop there on the steps, and sit down.  John, to catch his breath, Sherlock to continue sleeping.
They ring in the New Year with red wine and they go to bed shortly after midnight. John sleeps poorly and dreams about Sherlock for the thousandth time. He’s starting to get sick of himself. He leaves early in the morning. He kisses Harry’s cheek and tells her to cut down on the smoking. She only rolls her eyes.
John’s hair is flat on one side and there is a line across his chin from the sheets.  Seeing him this way, still a bit groggy, still waking up, soft and rumpled, makes Sherlock’s heart flutter.  He wonders if Mary bought the robe that John is wearing, or if John picked it out himself.  He thinks if Mary had picked it then John wouldn’t still wear it but John has always been full of surprises.  He tries to think about something else, like the way John is giving him a half smile, almost smirking at him.
He takes the taxi home, unable to go through a huge crowd again.  He can’t believe Stamford now.  Another brilliantly mad person.  Could it be true?  Another brilliantly mad person?  Well, Sherlock is brilliant but he’s also absolutely terrible.  Wretched even.  But this man.  Maybe he could be good for Sherlock.  Sherlock does what he always does and overthinks everything.  He smokes more out of his bedroom window and pesters Lestrade for some sort of case, anything, even a two, but apparently all of London’s criminals have gone on vacation.  He finally falls asleep around four a.m. with his shoes still on in the living room.
Sherlock got on the plane, and as soon as he sat down he gasped and put his head down in his hands.  He let his shoulders shake, he let the moans come out.  He knew it’d be the only chance he got.  And then he took a deep breath, carefully pulled himself back together, and closed his eyes.
It is late a week later, around two am and the city is uncharacteristically quiet from Mary’s window.  Her head is balanced precariously on his shoulder, the bad one, with the scar.  She has arm around his waist and he’s playing with her hair, the curtains drawn, her face purple and blue shades in the night.
“You picked up smoking again when I didn’t live here,” John says as he joins Sherlock on the ledge.  The breeze is cool and feels good against his eyelids.
Sherlock solves her case so quickly, it’s remarkable really, and under different circumstances John would have been impressed.  Sherlock is showing off for her.
John stands outside the door for a moment.  He closes his eyes and imagines crawling into bed with him, and falling asleep with him, their breath turning slow together.  He imagines gently playing with Sherlock’s hair as he sleeps, just watching him.  He goes upstairs.
John doubles around another block, then heads back to Mary’s flat, the ring still burning a hole in his jacket.
John stays with Harry after Christmas all the way to the New Year. Harry cooks them breakfast almost every morning and smokes cigarettes with her coffee but besides Christmas and New Year’s Eve she doesn’t touch the alcohol. It’s a step in the right direction and makes John feel less guilty for indulging with her.
him. But John wasn’t rich or famous. In fact, he was nobody, so it made sense really. On his way out, John got caught up by Greg and others from the Yard. Sally Donovan ranted and raved about how Sherlock seemed to be brilliant but was a total arsehole, and Greg kept trying to keep everything neutral and failing. John tried to walk away and out of the hotel several times but Mycroft was standing near the door, and he really did not want to make light conversation with the man.
The case had ended better than he could have hoped.  He was a bit disappointed that he hadn’t been able to prove he was correct but John had made things much more fascinating.  They have too much adrenaline to simply go back to the flat so Sherlock takes John to his favorite Chinese restaurant.
“Hello!” Phillip said. “I was just wondering. You have been moaning about this boy for the past three months and now he’s here, yes?”
Molly and Greg went to bed shortly after they finished cleaning the kitchen, and John made himself a bed on the sofa. He had stayed over enough times over the years that he knew where everything was. He had hoped these dates would make him feel better, but they had only left him feeling hollow, trying to chase that feeling of excitement and adventure that Sherlock had left with him. Sherlock had seemed to understand John immediately, and it drove John made to know that more than likely he would never see the man again unless his face was plastered on a magazine.
“We both can get a bit…lost, it seems,” John says.  Harry smiles genuinely and raises her wine glass.  They toast to being broken, indulging.
Sherlock fucked him on the floor, in the midst of all the shopping.  They didn’t get all of their clothes off, Sherlock only tore at John’s clothing, holding John down underneath him as he slipped inside, and with each thrust he heard John moan, which only egged him on farther.
“I can’t do this with you. Besides, this is a perfect scenario for you. Everyone will say ‘Ah, brilliant, you’re the bloke who slept with that dodgy detective. Well done you!’”
“God, no, I’m trying to recruit you,” Sherlock says.  He smiles wistfully at John.  His curls are matted to his head and his face is still dirty, but he looks like himself and he looks wonderful, really.
“I’m glad. You’re the best thing to happen to me too,” John said as he twirled Sherlock to the left.
“You just shut up because you are not pushing me away.  Remember what happened the last time you did that?  Hmm?  The last time you did that, you died.  And I died with you.”
John does not want to talk to anyone he might know.  He picks up the pace with his cane but it’s of no use.  “John Watson?”
John ties his robe tighter, breathes deeply and makes his way to the kitchen to put the kettle on.  Sherlock sits at his microscope, his phone somewhere off to the side, dinging.
he’d said, and John couldn’t deny Sherlock anything. It’s surprising though, and lucky, that Mrs. Hudson hasn’t come up yet.
The next might be the list of ways Sherlock hopes to die, and often fantasizes about these scenarios.  In every single one, John is there.  Sometimes, John kills him.
“You’re not sad about Mary?” Sherlock asks.  He sits up slowly.  He’s shaking now, and his nails are digging half-moon shapes into his palms.  It’s almost two in the morning and it’s cold and John isn’t sad because of Mary.  He’s been sad because of something else.
John led the way into his flat. He unlocked the door with a shockingly steady hand and then immediately grew self-conscious as he took in the view of his cluttered flat. There were dishes in the sink and on the kitchen table, and there were some of Phillip’s clothes flung about. John frowned at the sight, but hid it as he turned towards Sherlock.
“You’re awake,” John says from behind Sherlock.  He immediately knows John won’t like his smoking but there’s no point in hiding it.
“John, you really don’t need to look so nervous, honestly,” Mary says quietly.  “I really like you, I’m not trying to move too quickly you know.  I just…like you.”
“Not really you tend to rub them up…” John pauses, then laughs at his own slip of the tongue. You tend to rub them the wrong way.”
“I just um, that he would have understood.  I…”  Molly looks at him intensely now, a strand of hair falling across her cheek.  “I know he would have just wanted you happy, and…safe.  He would want you to be safe.”
Sherlock was pointing to John’s print of La Mariee. He had inherited it from his mother. Marc Chagall and been her favorite painter. He told Sherlock as much. “Do you like Chagall?”
John can’t believe his eyes.  He thinks maybe he’s imagining it but he knows he’s not and tries not to think about
yeh, i fancy sherlock neurodiverse, they do say so in hounds anyway.  and no one likes to mention it so, i figured i might as well.
Sherlock had fallen asleep in his armchair, and woke with a start to see John standing across the room.
When they had first met, Sherlock had been an ethereal type of beautiful.  He had seemed foreign and strange and completely distracting.
John thinks he could probably do that for Sherlock.  It might even feel freeing.  It might even feel good.
“Sit still, would you,” John says, but it’s in a gentle tone.  He’s cupping Sherlock’s face in both his hands, assessing the damage.
“Well it was rather odd. And it all came off a little rude if I can be honest. But he said ‘Hello, it’s Holmes. Call me at the Ritz. Then called himself a completely different name. Said his name was Basil. Very odd.”
“Hello Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock says quietly. He actually looks nervous. Mrs. Hudson wipes her hands on the apron she’s wearing and John sees they’re shaking.
She puts the ring on, bites her bottom lip in the dark.  John smiles, kisses her.  They’re both too exhausted, and fall asleep kissing lightly.
Maybe John wrote him letters, or talked to him before he fell asleep every night.  Sherlock did this with John, when he was away, so maybe that’s why he likes to imagine it.
They haven’t had a minute to themselves in days, and when they have, Sherlock has been shouting and irritable.
Sherlock leaned across the table and spoke with his mediator. The mediator nodded, then said “Andrew, if you’d like to ask your question again?”
Sherlock turns to look back, and John walks towards him, pulling him into his arms.  He puts his mouth near Sherlock’s neck and kisses it tenderly, hoping he will understand.  John pulls away but only just so to whisper into Sherlock’s ear.
“I would have done anything for you.  I would have followed you anywhere.  I would have gone with you and taken care of you the entire time.  I wasn’t exaggerating when I said one word was all I would have needed.  I would have waited for you.”
They eat Dim Sum in a small Chinese restaurant and Sherlock tells him every detail of the rest of the case.  John finds himself hanging on his every word.  When he’s lying in his new bed, and finally falls asleep, his last thoughts of the day are not of war, or of Sholto’s burnt face, or his shoulder wound, or his cane, but of this strange and beautiful and crazed man playing the violin downstairs.  John wonders if Sherlock knows he can hear him playing.  The violin lulls him to sleep.  He does not have night terrors and sleeps the whole night.
Sherlock places one hand on the kitchen table and lets the other wrap around John’s neck.  John places a hand on Sherlock’s waist and Sherlock bends forward, letting their lips finally meet.
Sherlock realizes John isn’t eating much of his food either, he seems to have…other things on his mind.
Sherlock isn’t sure what he expected but it isn’t this. He knows he has walked in on something so private and he feels dirty for coming upstairs at all.
Janine reached for her purse and then put a bill into John’s hand. “Thank you so much Harry, I really, really appreciate it.”
“Most definitely. He came round to my flat when he was found not guilty, right after the trial. He told me it was always going to be just him and me. He said ‘I owe you a fall.’ He’s going to destroy everything I have, and then he’s going to kill me.”
see, like, i AM planning to finish this okay i'm really sorry i'm so slow, but i really do plan to finish it i have a big plan for it i have each chapter mapped out omg believe in me!!!! (i'm so sorry!!!)
“Great! Wonderful!” John said. Then he realized the date and wanted to throw himself out the nearest window.
“We wouldn’t do that, would we?  We would NEVER do that to John Watson,” Sherlock calls to Sholto through the door.  John is thankful he can’t see Sherlock’s face.
On the dance floor, Sherlock tells him he’s going to be a father.  It’s rather strange, how Sherlock could know before himself, or more importantly, before Mary.  It’s a scary thing to know, though they had planned to have children.  It’s all so soon, is all.  Later, Mary will tell him it’s going to be fine and they’ll laugh on the beach about it.
John doesn’t sit still for the entire cab ride.  He takes the stairs up to 221B two at a time and bursts through the door.  Sherlock is fully dressed, sitting in his chair.
When John arrives back at the flat Mrs. Hudson is still over at her sister’s. It’s eerily quiet as he climbs the stairs to 221B. He stops on the stairs though. After all that rummaging and destroying of the flat he’d done months ago there was one place he forgot to check. 221C. He bounds back to the landing and in a brilliant, manic burst starts attempting to kick the door in. He isn’t about to wait around for Mrs. Hudson and her keys. She would also ask what he wanted to do in 221C anyway. So he grunts and groans until the door gives. He slams his right side into the door until the door flies open.
It was strange, seeing the proof of a middle age, there for all to see, but not really feeling it.  He’d felt it a year and a half ago, before he had much of a reason to do anything at all. Feeling on the verge of death, wrinkles had made sense.
Mrs. Hudson came back from the back of the shop, completely oblivious to the encounter that had just taken place.
“I’m going to put this away but John! I have been doing some research and I must tell you! I think that most recent case Greg was telling us about must have been something other than a simple robbery. I really think it could have been much more planned out than the Yard is letting on. Remember that string of petty thefts last month? Well, I have a theory--” Phillip began, then sighed. “Of course it could all be nothing but I’m not going to just sit around and wait for the possibility to manifest!”  The bags of groceries fell to the kitchen floor and a handful of apples spun across the hardwood. Phillip walked straight into his bedroom and didn’t look back. He had somehow, miraculously, not noticed Sherlock at all, which seemed impossible but given Phillip always being so in his own head was very probable.
He’s always been sure about everything. So sure.  This is no different.  It might have happened when John got angry at the papers for being bigots.  It might have been the time John pulled Sherlock back by his shoulder before he could fall flat on his face, tripping over his own feet on the way out of the pub, too excited about the chase to take a moment.  He hadn’t usually been so clumsy.
John was only a few moments away from reaching his flat when he rounded a corner and found himself chest to chest with none other than Sherlock Holmes once again. Unfortunately, John’s tea had found its way onto Sherlock’s button down that probably cost more than what John’s bookshop made in a week.
Standing on the top of Bart’s hospital, is the love of his life, and he’s lying to him, over and over.
They go slow with each other.  Sherlock arches under John’s hands, under his mouth.  John revels in the small noises Sherlock makes until he comes with John’s name in his mouth.  Sherlock moves down John’s body carefully and John fists Sherlock’s curls, then finally is able to catch his breath.
“I was hoping you wouldn’t have to see me like this,” James says.  His face is heavily bandaged.  For the first and only time, he takes John’s pointer finger and grasps it with his hand, the same hand that back handed him in the showers so many months ago.  John says nothing but grips him back.  Then, feeling foolish and overly exposed, he takes his hand away and salutes Sholto, then leaves.
There is John, in his black jacket, his feet planted five inches apart, bag shoved over his shoulder, a box in his small hands.
It isn’t until full minutes later that Sherlock realizes he hasn’t kissed anyone like this in many years.  He knows this and leans in further.  He makes a small noise in the back of his throat and doesn’t even have the room in his mind that it should probably be a little embarrassing.  John has one hand gently on his neck and the other at his hip and his mouth is doing incredible things to Sherlock’s clavicle.
He pulls a copy of Piano Player by Kurt Vonnegut off the shelf.  It’s worn and tearing.  John opens it.  It’s a signed copy.
One particular evening, when John came back from Tesco, Sherlock immediately went to him.  John still had paper bags in his hands, almost dropping them all as Sherlock’s tongue was shoved in his mouth.  John put the shopping down and replied hungrily.  Sherlock however would have none of his advances.  Sherlock shoved John against the wall, and pinned his shoulders to it.  John smiled widely at this.
“Ready?”  Sherlock’s eyes stay on him, and he does indeed look a bit nervous.  Sherlock swallows, then blinks several times.
As Sherlock spoke, a man entered the room. He was dressed in a three piece suit and had his hair slicked back. Sherlock rolled his eyes as soon as the man opened his mouth to speak.
John wakes up in the middle of the night. The small of his back is damp, and so is his neck. He rolls over onto his back and then sees a shadow in the doorway. A tall and too thin shadow with a mop of hair.
He had to ask the man he was in love with, who had pretended to be dead for two years, to be his best man.  It was ridiculous yet it was the only thing that made much sense.  Sherlock still was his best friend, despite how much he had hurt him, unintentional or not.
Sherlock only shrugs and adds two mango lassis to the order.  Sherlock has reason enough to celebrate.  John Watson is living at Baker Street again—permanently, and Sherlock has been wishing for this day for so long it hurts to think about.
John looks out the window, fiddling with the idea of James Moriarty getting his hands on Sherlock.  It is unpleasant in every aspect, and he wonders what it would be like to rip the eyelids off of Moriarty’s face.
As the day wore into evening, John could feel Sherlock watching him from across the room. John was doing a crossword, and Sherlock was staring at his phone, texting his brother. The TV was on low, and though they were hardly talking, John felt as though Sherlock were standing over his shoulder. He felt so drawn to him the entire evening he thought he would crawl out of his skin. John wanted to just close the gap between them. They had been dancing around each other all day.
“I went a lot of places.  The worst was when I went to America and when I went to Russia.  In America I had to find a man named Sebastian Moran.  He was Moriarty’s right hand but fled after he died.  He was also the sniper pinned to you when I was on the roof.  I wanted to kill him more than anyone else in Moriarty’s circle.  He was in New Orleans, in the oldest bar in the country.  That city is a dreadful place.  The heat is unbearable, and the city breathes in a horrible heavy pattern.  But, I bought him a drink in the bar then left him alone.  Then I followed him back to Charles St. and into uptown.  He lived in a house that must have been worth at least a few million quid.  I broke in once he had gone upstairs.  He had a bar in his bedroom.  He made himself a drink.  It was very quiet.  And then…and then I snapped his neck.  I’d killed in self-defense before but never like that.  It was much more satisfying than I had imagined.”
John had heard that Sherlock could be difficult to work with. John could easily see him arguing with Greg, being sarcastic and far too blunt. The thought made John smile.
The man was named Sherlock Holmes and John had seen him on the front page of every newspaper and magazine in London. This man had saved the life of every member of Parliament as well as the Queen herself after there had been several attempted bombings. He was a detective, a proper genius, wildly famous, and he was skimming the titles of John’s mystery book shop. John’s face felt like it was on fire.
“Do be aware that Sherlock has had this criminal on his radar since he was a child,” Mycroft said from the corner of the room. He was sorting through papers. John wanted him to leave immensely.
Sometimes, John will brush the back of Sherlock’s neck and his fingers will touch his hair when he hands Sherlock his coffee in the morning.
“Sure, I’ll go check,” she said, and walked out of the room. She came back within seconds and nodded to John. “Mr. Watson. Right this way.”
They take to sitting in front of the fireplace, drinking tea until they are too tired.  They just talk about nothing.
John often fantasizes about telling Sherlock.  Telling him everything.  He wants to bear his soul.  He wants to tell Sherlock he’s in love with him.  He wants to tell Sherlock he is the love of his life.  He wants to tell Sherlock he was in love with James Sholto once, but nothing ever happened and he wants to tell Sherlock that the first time he fell in love with a man he was too much of a coward and so he ran away but at least he’d had the decency to kiss Ellis like he meant it.  He wants to tell Sherlock that even Mary knew that John had been in love with him and he wants to tell Sherlock that he has been in love with him since the earliest months they knew each other and he loved him when he was dead and he loved him on his wedding day and he loves and he loves and he loves.
Sherlock is there, in his blue silk robe, feet bare, laughing so hard at something Mrs. Hudson has said that his nose is scrunched up and his shoulders are shaking. Mrs. Hudson has a hand over her mouth, but her laugh is coming out so loud and untamed that she sounds like a strange bird. It’s the most wonderful thing John has ever seen. He smiles and slumps against the wall. He crosses his arms. He sighs contentedly, and goes to join them.
“What happened?” She asked, eyebrows furrowing together, hands grasping at the sides of John’s face.
John was fairly drunk.  His movements were slower, his eyes would stay closed for long amounts of time.  He kept licking his lips and running his hand through his hair.  Sherlock tried not to watch him, unsuccessfully.
He remembers wanting: to pull that cotton over Sherlock’s torso, to kiss the clavicles there, to touch the nape of his neck, to let his fingers dance over his bare shoulders, to make his way slowly up to the corner of his mouth, testing the waters.
“Oh, and could you take the dirty dishes and trash as well? I’d appreciate it so much,” Janine said.
“Sherlock, don’t!” John said, but it was too late. Sherlock opened the door and the cameras and the shouting began again. Sherlock was so surprised that John had to pull him away from the door.
They walked back to the Ritz, laughing the whole way. At one point, John reached out and took Sherlock’s hand, and Sherlock let it happen, holding just as tight as John.
John goes to the lab and sits down. He props his feet up on a second chair, folds his arms across his chest and waits.
As Sherlock came back into the venue he was talking with another man. There was just enough of a wall and John was far enough across the room that Sherlock couldn’t see that John had come into the room.
The man pulled a book off its shelf and opened it. He rolled his eyes, huffed, and then spun to the shelf to his right. As he did so, his coat whipped around him, and it was this gesture that made John realize just who he was looking at.
“Oh, of course he’s alive.  I was very nice, I bought him drinks like I said!  It was just so nice to meet him because he cleared up so much.  I thought I was right about you and Ol’ Sherlock, but now I know I’m right.”
“Hey. Sorry to sneak up like this. Your brother, he actually told me you would be here. I hope this is all right.”
“What the hell are you doing?” John asks, but mostly sighs as he waves smoke away from his eyes, and coughs.
Sherlock watched John from the doorway, his sleeping figure breathing lightly under blankets.  How badly he wanted to crawl into those sheets.  Sherlock walked into his bedroom and sat on the bed.  How could anyone stand it?  The wanting.  John turned over in his sleep, now facing Sherlock.  Sherlock inhaled sharply.  Being this close to a sleeping John Watson, it was unbearable.  John’s eyes opened slowly. “Sherlock?”
“Sorry, dunno…” Sherlock trails off, then looks back up.  He looks serious all of the sudden, like he’s had an ephiphany.
When Sholto is burned but alive, John is so surprised that he heaves up breakfast and water as sweat drips down his brow.  He is told that Sholto has been taken straight to the proper medics, and that he doesn’t wish to be seen.
“I’m fine,” John says.  He’s afraid to move.  He’s so shocked the hand is there and is afraid that as soon as he moves a muscle it will disappear.  Sherlock’s hand is warm and calming and it doesn’t seem like it could be real.  Sherlock’s eyes stay steady but become less intense, and then he looks away.  The hand is slowly drawn back.  It feels like a slap.
Sherlock thought this was a fairly stupid question.  John knew exactly what to do with dangerous people.  He was one, in fact.
“Silly!  It wasn’t hard to find out!  Just had to find out who you were friends with back in the day, one person leads to another.  You had quite the past with him though, GOLLY!  And he was, so fun to play with.  I think he was still a little sweet on you, to be honest.”
John continues to sleep, oblivious to Sherlock’s choked voice, the burning in his stomach, the tiny moths eating away at his chest and rib bones, the vile and unworthy lump in his throat that is threatening hot tears.
Sherlock tastes like a dirty ashtray. His hair smells like one too. And it’s perfect. His tongue goes up the side of John’s, and John smiles, the taste of hangover sour and genuinely perfect. None of it matters. It’s Sherlock for Christ’s sake. A hand runs through the hair at the back of John’s head and Sherlock whimpers slightly. It’s intoxicating. Maybe John is still just the tiniest bit drunk. He laughs into the kiss as he wraps a hand around Sherlock’s neck.
John’s smile is warm and inviting, or is that the beer, Sherlock can’t be sure.  He’s been trying to keep pace with John.  He hasn’t been to a pub in forever.  He’s fairly certain he’s really only been in pubs and clubs for cases, shamming at being drunk beyond reason to get information.  He’s fairly certain he hasn’t been in a pub since university.  They didn’t ever appeal to him.  But now, watching the dirty blond soldier next to him, he seems like he can get behind it.
“Actually it might be,” John says. It’s out of his mouth before he realizes. John swallows more wine and then sighs. “That’s not to say that I’m not still…frustrated. It hurt that you left. But once I knew you were still alive. I don’t know.” John clears his throat, feeling overexposed. He’s had too much wine. It’s late. But he doesn’t want to go to sleep. He’s afraid if he goes to sleep he’ll wake up and Sherlock will be gone.
John wraps a hand into Sherlock’s hair, the other cups the side of his face.  Sherlock moves his mouth down to John’s throat and sighs as he kisses there, all growing nerves easing slowly away.  He doesn’t question what has come over him.  It really doesn’t matter.
To save them both further embarrassment Sherlock gathers his rather unbelieving and limp body and goes into his bedroom.
Weeks after, John still found himself lost in thoughts of Sherlock. Whether he was ringing someone up at the bookshop or sitting at home with Phillip, Sherlock was always on his mind. John felt absolutely pathetic. He had fallen in love with someone who was essentially a movie star, what had he expected? The news about the trial with Moriarty was often on the television, and John would find himself watching the news obsessively just to see Sherlock’s face. He was not proud of himself, but he couldn’t help himself either. He missed Sherlock as if he had known the man for years. They hadn’t been together, not really, and it was entirely juvenile to be pining in such a way for a man that had never truly been John’s.
Later, John gets in a cab with his soon to be fiancé, and Sherlock walks back towards Baker St.  He smokes three cigarettes.  He finds himself automatically going down the same streets he said he’d never go to again.  He enters the drug den easily.  He makes the purchase easily.  It’s not the same people anymore and he isn’t sure if that means anyone got out or if it just means they all became nothing.
John woke up early, after a night of tossing and turning, as he had every day for the past six months. Since he had returned from Afghanistan he’d hardly gone a full night without waking up a handful of times. The dreams were hard on him.
“I love you,” Sherlock hears himself say, only he isn’t sure that he is the one saying it.  His mouth is moving of its own accord and he feels numb and hot at the same time.  It happens again.  “I love you,” he repeats.  He says it four more times until John’s mouth catches his own.
Sherlock knew he had been and yet it hurt all the same.  The desire to run his fingers down John’s cheek and the press his mouth down against his felt like blood boiling and being insanely tired.  He hadn’t been kissed in so long.  Now it’s been longer but he can’t remember what it’s like anyway.
Sherlock can understand emotion just fine.  He’s shown it all the time.  But what is real and what isn’t is not always clear and John can’t help but wonder if everything Sherlock had said at his wedding could be true, if all his folding of serviette napkins was panic or the need to be in control.
John awakes from his slumber slowly, for the first time in ages actually enjoying a bed.  He rolls lazily onto his side and shoves his head into a pillow, when the smell of smoke enters his nose.  He opens one eye, and then the other, taking a large sniff.
“Absolutely not.  I did…care for him at one point.  But I love you.  And besides, he doesn’t feel things like that.  I want to be with you.  Don’t ever think I don’t.”
John throws up scotch in the kitchen sink, rolls down the cupboards.  Sherlock has to take him by the hand to pull him into bed.
“I think he blackmailed the jury. But he has so much information about me John. Like he’s been collecting it all for…years. I don’t know how.”
John looks in Sherlock’s closet, and under his bed, and underneath his poster of the periodic table, just in case. There’s nothing anywhere. John goes back out into the living room. The flat is completely torn apart. Mrs. Hudson is going to have a fit. John realizes he should put the flat back together. Instead he collapses into his chair and feels a bit like having a cry. Sherlock is alive, somewhere, and John wishes he had more to go off of. He wishes Sherlock had left more clues. He has one date, and Sherlock had to have known it was possible that there was a possibility that John wouldn’t have opened that book. It makes sense that he would have left more than one hint.
Eventually, Phillip joined John in this venture. Despite Phillip walking right past Sherlock Holmes earlier in the day, he knew almost everything there was to know about the man.
“You regret this. Right. Well, just so you know, I feel the opposite. I’m glad you came to stay with me.”
“Yes. Moriarty loathes me very much,” Sherlock said, forcing a smile. Mycroft left the room again and John let go of a breath he wasn’t aware he had been holding.
Better still might be that Sherlock has completely memorized every moment he has spent with John, and every word he has said to or thought about John, even when John wasn’t there.  In his darkest moments, Sherlock has replayed all of these moments, starting from their meeting at Bart’s to the present.  He likes to rewind and replay the look on John’s face when he found that he didn’t need his cane, or his voice when he says “You, flirted, with Sherlock Holmes” to Irene Adler.  John sounded jealous, in Sherlock’s fantasies, had been jealous.
Mrs. Hudson dotes on John constantly. She brings him tea in the morning and afternoons. Sometimes she brings up sandwiches too. She goes around the flat picking things up and dusting when there’s no dust left. She does the dishes all the time, tells John not to worry about a thing. The problem is, John isn’t worried. He isn’t even sad, and all of her doting makes him feel guilty.
“How could I not look at it?” John’s eyes turned to Sherlock’s, a hard and desperate glare pouring out of them.
“Well, we’ll find out soon, he’ll be here in fifteen minutes.  Plenty of time to get to know each other I’d say.”
Sherlock was throwing his clothes back on, pulling one silk black sock on over his foot. His face was a mask, and John couldn’t tell what the man was thinking at all.
John can feel his heart breaking all over again, for the second, third, fourth, thousandth time.  John imagines so many things, all at once.
“No, no.  Don’t you dare do that.  You left me first.  And she got me over you.  And then you came back.  And I wasn’t over you at all.  So don’t you dare.”
They take the elevator to the seventh floor, and she unlocks the door, throwing her coat off and onto her couch.  She immediately goes to the kitchen to put on the kettle.  John looks around.  Her walls are yellow and orange, autumnal.  She has a picture with herself and a bunch of her friends sitting on a side table.
It feels like hot coals burning inside his stomach, it feels like bile rising in his throat, it feels like thousands of hands pounding on the inside of his ribcage.
Sherlock keeled over, unable to breathe properly for a full minute. John tried to remain stern and annoyed that he was in fact being laughed at, but ended up laughing in the end. Sherlock’s laughter was absolutely contagious.
Mary is protecting him, but he doesn’t need her protection.  John stands up, lifts himself up by some grace of God, and tries to control his breathing.
“It’s an excellent decision. I’ve worked with him on a regular basis and he’s a complete madman, totally not worth the time,” Greg said, and John stamped down on the part of himself that wanted a madman. A madman went perfectly with a bloke who missed being at war.
“No,” Sherlock says.  “I would do anything for you.  Anything that you could ever ask.  But I am not her.”
He grabs a cab to St. Bart’s and gets there a half an hour early. He looks up at the roof and swallows hard. His hands clench at his sides. He shakes away the memory. His stomach hurts from the anxiety, and he shouldn’t feel like this. It’s just Sherlock.
He’s quiet for five minutes.  Quieter than he’s been in days. John turns.  Sherlock is still staring at his phone blankly.
He’d been stupid to think that John would have waited for him, not moved on with his life.  John was the most resilient man Sherlock knew.  He could take anything, be anything, do anything.  Why would Sherlock’s death have been any different?
Halfway through the meal, they heard three Americans talking at the next table over. They were discussing the Moriarty case, and in a rather rude manner.
“I spoke with him today,” Mycroft says.  Sherlock feels as though the floor has fallen out from under him.
When he has said the words out loud, alone in Baker Street, his mouth has felt overly wet, too full, and his teeth have felt too big for his lips to cover.  He has let his mouth hang open for ages after he’s said the words.  They are not enough.
John puts his head in his hands, pulling at his hair.  He isn’t sure how hard he’s pulling, he can’t feel anything anyway.
The fact that Sherlock is lying next to him, fast asleep, breathing softly, touching him unconsciously.
Sherlock sits in his chair and listens to his own breathing.  He listens to Mrs. Hudson baking in her kitchen, the radio turned up.  And then he listens to the slow but deliberate footsteps coming up the stairs.
The violin triggers something inside of him that now only reminds him of his lowest points.  He had used the violin as a means of escape too often when John was away.  He had been forced to use the instrument for John and Mary’s wedding.  After he had poured his entire being into this instrument, letting the notes take over.  At times it was all he knew, the composing.  He would wake as if from a trance, face wet with tears, and then see that he had written a song.  This kept him from going over other edges that he has decided not to think about.
Sherlock has never been interested in anyone, yet he’s naked with a woman in his bathroom.  John wonders where Janine has kissed him, can’t help himself.
“Can I ask you something?” She says quietly.  There is no reason to be quiet, but because they’re both somewhat close to sleep and it is dark it seems reasonable.
John feels almost domestic at times, and loathes himself for it, because he can feel his heart being detached more and more and falling onto the floor in Sherlock’s direction.  He tries to be angry like a normal person when Sherlock wakes him up to a flashlight directly in his eyes (not a nice way to wake up a war veteran Thank You Very Much) but isn’t, only laughs about it as he’s putting on his shoes.  He also feels that he must be more than transparent in his feelings.  If Sherlock could tell that his laptop password is “Von1950” (a collaboration of one of his favorite authors and his mother’s birth year (with no Kurt Vonnegut books in the house, mind you)) then he can surely tell that John is beginning to have feelings for him, in the way that he styles his hair or the dust on his shoes, or maybe the more obvious way in which John will place food in front of him after Sherlock has said he isn’t hungry or the way John watches Sherlock when he plays the violin.
“Okay,” Sherlock says.  His hair is flattened on one side of his face.  “But John, only if you mean it.”
John wafts through more smoke and opens the windows in the living room, then walks into the kitchen, still sifting through smoke and mold smell.
They’re in the back of a cab.  It’s almost midnight.  Sherlock is wired, four cups of coffee down and incredibly close to solving the case.
An ancient bone in John’s chest cavity sort of snaps, at least, that’s what it feels like.  John can feel his mouth doing the pursing that it does when he doesn’t know what to do, when he’s upset, or confused, or very angry.  Right now it’s all three, as Sherlock Holmes stares down at him, an awkward and absolutely goofy smile plastered across his face.  He has a fake mustache drawn onto his upper lip and John isn’t sure if he wants to smack it off or kiss it off so roughly Sherlock’s mouth bleeds.  Possibly both.
“Yes. One of them was this bloke named Holmes. Just a few days ago. Sorry, it slipped my mind completely. He didn’t specify anything.
“Thank you.  For stitching me up.  It will certainly heal better with your work than if I had done it.”
Mary drives, and there is a familiar adrenaline rush as John walks into the building that doesn’t feel quite right without Sherlock with him.
It was in this moment that John lost control. He pulled the man out of his chair and punched him square in the jaw. Drunk or not, John wouldn’t stand for it. Sherlock laughed a little off to John’s right, and then the other two men were on both of them. John quickly hit the pressure points of one of them, rendering him useless, and Sherlock ducked, and then hit the other in the stomach. There were gasps and screams throughout the restaurant, and Sherlock and John were quickly thrown out with the men.
“I’m…yeah well. Sorry.  Just, the circumstances…” John trailed off.  “Did we sleep in the same bed last night?”
“She doesn’t need to know, John. This isn’t about her…” Evan trailed off. John knew somehow that he was right, but also knew it would feel all wrong.
Sherlock leans forward, inspecting, and for a moment, John thinks he is going to kiss him.  Sherlock looks soft and very serious suddenly, and is staring John down as if he expects something from him.
“It could have meant you weren’t interested in anyone.  You did say you were married to your work that night too.”
“John,” Sherlock said as he answered the door. John leaned forward and kissed Sherlock briefly, feeling thrilled at the ability to do so.
He thinks about declining.  He remembers the counselor in his AA meetings saying they should all wait to get into relationships until they’d been sober for at least a year.  And that had made sense.  In fact, it hadn’t even been a concern.  Sherlock hadn’t wanted anyone in so long it didn’t seem like something that would affect him.  But he’s been sober ten months and there’s a beautiful doctor staring at him, licking his lips.
“You’d do it if we sent someone to London to find Doctor Watson.  Tell me, did you fuck him or did he fuck you?  I’ll never understand that shit, fucking faggots.”
John pushes the sheet aside and sits up slowly.  Eating seems unimportant at present.  It had seemed unimportant for the last month.  He’d gone back to the clinic after two weeks, simply because he couldn’t afford not to.  It was a job he’d done on auto-pilot, not looking any patients in the eyes.
John tries to remember the night before, how he got back, but it only comes back in bits and pieces.
“Fine, yeah.  Bit weird sleeping in that bed, but I did miss it.  I always liked that mattress,” John says.
John has no idea who she is.  He is in love with some part of her.  Or, maybe, she doesn’t even exist.  She’s a ghost.
“It’s nice.  Though I haven’t been giving names much thought yet.  It’s all happened so quickly,” John replies.  He sits down on their couch, and holds out a hand to Mary.  She takes it and sits down next to him, head resting on his shoulder.
Sherlock looks up from his feet. He’s surprised to see John, apparently. He throws the cigarette onto the snow covered sidewalk.
“Are those toes?” John asks.  He stares at the plate on the table between Sherlock and himself and covers his nose.  It is indeed toes.
John couldn’t help but notice the same brightness of his eyes though.  And the same sadness in them.
Mycroft took his glass of whiskey and left the room, clearly irritated by being near someone as idiotic as John. As the door closed behind them John huffed out a laugh.
“No sir, nobody under either of those names is here. Though there was a Mr. Chagall in earlier. He checked out about an hour ago, and I believe he’s holding a press conference at the Savoy in about thirty minutes.” The receptionist winked at John completely on the sly, and John was so happy he pushed himself over the front counter and kissed her cheek.
It is afternoon when John wakes up.  He knows because of the way the light comes in through his bedroom window.  Sunlight hits the light beige wall right in the middle, and John pulls the covers back over his head because what. Is. The. Point?
“Well, we already know the criminal is James Moriarty. We’re taking him to court soon,” Sherlock clarified.
“How do you expect me to believe that?” Sherlock asks, and his voice catches and cracks, just a bit.
Friday is two days away.  Immediately the thought of a drink makes John nervous but then he remembers he started to control it the night Harry told him to let go, and he had, and though he’d drank a few times, he didn’t have the problem anymore.  He could get a pint or two and go home.  But, then--
“This is delicious Harry, thank you,” John says after another bite.  He feels sleepy, a truly full stomach slowing him.
Sherlock was famous, there was no doubting that. John could hardly go anywhere without being seen. But truthfully, John loved it. He loved helping Sherlock with cases, and he loved the danger that came along with each case. At times, John found himself completely consumed by a case, just like Sherlock was. Some evenings they stayed up until the sun rose trying to sift through a case. These were the nights when John would also kiss Sherlock senseless, and take him to bed, feeling like the luckiest man in the world.
“Sherlock,” John says.  He’s about four feet away, standing.  He places his feet six inches apart and becomes steady.  The Earth could implode and John Watson would not move from this spot.  His hands are balled up into fists, steady.
Seeing Sherlock arrested may be one of the most surreal things John has ever seen.  It also makes him intensely angry.
“I don’t think this was ever going to end well John,” Greg continued, doing his best to look apologetic. “He’s a bloody genius, extremely famous, and has a brother who basically runs the country. This is what happens when mere mortals play with the Gods.”
“Right. Okay. I’ll go out,” John said, standing up from the desk. He shook his head as he walked to the front, thinking he was going to make Mrs. Hudson go on a biscuit run shortly.
“John I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have…” Harry trails off. “It’s just. Well. I’m surprised at how easily you admitted to it.” She gives him a small smile. John smiles back.
“Did you drug my pregnant wife?” John demands as they make their way outside.  John had been under the impression that they were to just sneak out of the house and make off with Mycroft’s laptop.
John can feel the pain directly from these words.  He doesn’t want to look at Sherlock at all and yet that’s all he wants to do.
“You won’t even look at me.  You won’t look me in the eye.  If I get too close to you, you pull away.  I understand how you must hate me.  Everything terrible that has happened to you has happened because of me.  And I know how sad you are.  From the first night you got back. But I just wish that you could at least look at me,” Sherlock says.  He is pulling up clumps of grass with his bare hands.  They are cold against the dew but it’s fine.  If he doesn’t pull up the earth with his hands clenched into fists then he will cry, and he absolutely can’t do that.  During his time away he learned that the people of India pour water out onto the ground to stop their tears, if they are close to bursting.  He has no extra water, no extra energy with him now.  He almost hopes it will rain.
At first Sherlock thinks it is silent and John is asleep but when he hears the noise coming from John, his heart stops.
After Sherlock’s response, the crowd went wild and John found himself lifting his own hand to ask a question.
“Then I suppose you’ll just have to be convincing.  I’m sorry there doesn’t seem to be another way.”
“No, no.  We’re doing this right and we’re doing this slowly.  I want to take you apart.  I want you to feel amazing.”
“Mary never did like it when I drank this shit,” John says. He smiles at Sherlock and takes another sip of his drink. He scoffs and shrugs. Sherlock says nothing.
“You could,” John responds, and Sherlock lets out a shaky laugh.  John’s feet feel numb, as do his hands.
Sherlock has rejected him before.  It is a lifetime ago, but he has.  This is so much more than thinking him handsome.  This is Earth shattering.
Content.  John in his dark blue robe, looking at him softly, asking him if he’s eaten.  Inspecting a bruise on his cheek from the Americans after Irene Adler.  Smiling at him, with him, for him.  So unlikely now.
John had nodded, and returned to the operating table and helped lift the body off, then buried it in sand.
Sherlock leads John into his bedroom. As John climbs into the bed he realizes the last time he’d been in it was when he had laid in it wondering if Sherlock was ever coming back, while he had fantasized about Sherlock showing up out of nowhere. Sherlock curls up on the right side of the bed, farther away from the door. John feels so tired, but he thinks if he closes his eyes Sherlock might be gone when he opens them.
John crossed his arms, sighed, and did the unthinkable. It was not what he wanted to do, but it was what he felt he had to do. After all, he had spent the better part of a year pining after a man who he had spent one night with. One absolutely wonderful night with, but logically, it had just been the one night.
John sits back down beside Sherlock on the sofa, lets himself sit just a bit closer than he had before.
“Mr. Holmes is leaving tomorrow for a very important MI6 mission,” the mediator responded, and John’s heart leapt. That wasn’t Sherlock’s choice, that was Mycroft. “Which is why we need to round things up, final questions now.”
He turned John down in a way that felt too easy. Sherlock had denied himself a million other tiny pleasures, what was one more. And besides, what would he have said?
The bartender brings them shots, Sherlock is fairly certain it’s whiskey of some sort.  John passes his over to him and Sherlock stares at it for a moment, grimacing.
“Jesus,” John whispered to himself, running a hand through his hair. “I can’t believe it’s you? What the fuck was I thinking?” John was really beginning to loathe himself, but was stopped from continuing down rabbit hole of self-hatred when the doorbell rang. John thought himself crazy for thinking it might be Sherlock again but flung the door back open anyway. To his shock, it was indeed the famous detective. John huffed out a laugh.
“Sherlock?” John says, quietly in the darkness. His voice is thick from sleep. The shadow stops being a shadow, and there he is. He sits down on John’s bed but he isn’t looking at John. John turns towards the side table to turn the light on. The glow from the lamp floods the room and John blinks hard at the harsh light and then turns back towards him, but he’s gone now. The bedroom door is wide open. There’s a loud bang that comes from downstairs, it sounds like a mug has been smashed in the kitchen.
“Hello.  Coffee, or…breakfast?  Isn’t that what people usually offer when they wake up with someone after sex?”
Of course John throws the shot back and swallows with no problem whatsoever.  Sherlock rolls his eyes so hard he thinks they might get stuck in the back of his head.
Thinking “worked out, handled, tucked away” is acutely laughable.  None of those are the right words for what has occurred to the woman who claimed to be Mary Morstan, John’s wife.
Just down the street from his little flat in London, John Watson owned a small but very endearing shop where he sold mystery novels. He loved mysteries best, and in fact had tried his hand at writing some of his own stories, though they hadn’t proven to be fruitful as of yet. He lived with a very erratic and strange little man named Phillip Anderson who was always going on about conspiracy theories and was so paranoid John wondered if he should perhaps try to find help for him at times. John had a sister who was recently divorced and recently out of AA. He had a friend named Molly who worked in a morgue and who was married to one Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade of Scotland Yard, and they both provided wonderfully gritty details for John’s stories.
John is going to be married in two weeks.  John has fallen asleep on Baker Street’s sofa.  Sherlock had been playing the violin for him, and he’d turned, and John had been asleep, the Union Jack pillow under his head.
“He released…photos of me. Photos of me using. Photos of me in crack dens. Photos of me on the street. There are….so many and it also appears that someone at some point filmed me. Putting a…needle into my arm. So essentially. My reputation and my career are ruined. No one is ever going to take me seriously. And he’s just out there. He’s out and there’s nothing I can do about it. I’m sorry to come here. I didn’t know where to go. The hotel is surrounded, my home is surrounded, and the idea of facing my brother right now. I mean, he’s always known. He’s put me into rehab more times than I can count but. He’s always so sad. Junkie little brother. So. I’m here. I know it’s been months John.”
Sebastian Moran had been the one who had his sniper rifle pointed at John the day Sherlock died.  This one is special.  He is the best sniper in continent and one of Moriarty’s most important men.
“That’s what I thought.  But I think we’d better question his business partner and the mother too, just in case,” Sherlock says.  He figures he’s believable enough because John nods and hands him back the file.
Mexico is very hot.  It’s humid too, but John doesn’t mind so much when he kisses Mary’s chest and belly at night and he can taste the salt from the ocean.  He tastes tequila and lime on her bottom lip when he sucks there, and her thighs are damp from the heat when he touches her.
Sherlock slips his shoes off and climbs the stairs as quietly as he can, he doesn’t want to wake John.
“John,” she says, so quiet it’s nearly just a breath against his lips.   He leans back in to kiss her mouth, and she kisses back, opening her mouth for him, just as the kettle begins to shriek.
John felt it trying to fall asleep in room adjacent to Evan (only a plasterboard wall between their beds), he felt it in class, in the library, at the bottom of beer bottles. He sometimes felt in between his legs, his hand there. He felt it and he hated himself. He rightly hated himself. He was afraid to see her, see Amelia. How could he be afraid to see her?
Sherlock has almost been taken from him more times than John can know for sure.  Between Sherlock’s initial faked death, Mary shooting him in the chest, almost flying away to his death in Eastern Europe, and his intense drug addictions, Sherlock being a part of John’s world has always been fleeting.  John recalls sleepless nights waiting while Sherlock sweat out cocaine, John pushing Sherlock’s curls out of his eyes and pressing a damp cloth to his face.  John asking “Why?” and Sherlock never replying, only closing his eyes.  Mycroft had asked John to look after his little brother, but he hadn’t needed to ask at all.
Veronica mewls, looking into the mirror in front of her so she can watch who fucks her from behind. Sky smirks and sit on the bed next to Michael.
“Sure.” He smiles and wraps the towel back around him, leading him up to his room. Chloe moans and arches as Brian fucks her arse, not even noticing Zack and Pete come in.
John gets into the bathroom and pulls out a bottle and syringe from his pocket. He donates some blood before washing his hands and disposing of the syringe. He goes back to Sherlock and hands him the bottle before sitting down. “You look white.” He whispers.
Greg goes to the window where he last saw Mycroft standing. He looks out the window and sees Mycroft at Sherrinford's car. "What the fuck?"
"Thank you..." and he knows he doesn't have to explain. Sherlock would know, that in those two words John was attempting to express his gratitude towards his mate for bringing his parents back
He whimpers as he pulls on the ties, wanting to touch her. He growls and starts to thrust up into her.
With great effort, Mycroft pulls himself back from the chasm of panic that threatened to engulf him. He gasps for breath, trembling hard. "Gregory...?" He whispers.
“Mm I’m sure he does.” Morna laughs softly and stretches, getting out of bed and walks over to John naked. “I saw you looking.” She hums and nods at her belly.
Mycroft bites his lip, his cock leaking heavily. “Yes, sir. I’ll be a good little whore with Sherlock. Promise.”
Sherlock carries Maggie into the basement, sitting her on the couch. In the basement was a sex swing, a suspension frame, and a bed. “You can chose whichever one you want to be on.”
“Feels so good.” He moans breathily and kisses him needy. “I can’t wait to have your cock in me. I need it. Need it so badly.” He mumbles against his lips.
John hums and kisses her softly. “Are you bigger than before?” He asks, not thinking her breasts were quite so big.
Mycroft just nods as he reads it. “We won’t intervene, we won’t be welcome. But, we will make sure she receives help... planning for funerals if need be.” He explains.
Mycroft nods. “Feed me whilst you make out with Sherlock.” He begs. “Let John fuck you.” He takes her large breast in his hand and rolls it around playfully.
He whines desperately as Jason teases his cervix, bouncing on his cock to try to make him push past it. “Please, please! Want you to knock me up. Give me your baby. Fuck my womb, please!” He begs, whimpering.
“It’s not about me. It’s about you. Firstly if you’re turned you won’t have a soul anymore. It’s gone. There will be no afterlife for you. Good or bad. This existence is all there will be. Secondly your life will no longer be your own. You’ll belong to Camille completely. She will control you however she sees fit and you’ll have no say in it. You will always be a subordinate in your own life. Your choices will be taken from you. Your opinions could be dangerous if they differ from hers. She could order you to do things you don’t want to or you think is wrong but you’ll have no choice in the matter. You will become a slave to a dictator and that will be your life. No matter how much you love Sherlock your reality is that Camille owns you and your existence. She could order you kill each other and you’d have to do it or else you’ll experience excruciating debilitating pain until you comply. Are you happy giving up your free will or do you want to hear my suggestions? If you’ve already made up your mind I won’t waste your time.” Magdala sips her tea.
"It's just.. with everything that's happening with you and John and you saying you're not okay.." She shakes her head, "just...whatever you need. Let me know."
There isn't an explanation that he can give her which would be satisfying. The truth is, he can't live with Sherlock knowing how dangerous the work is and that he can't protect him. "The truth is..." He swallows feeling ill for laying this on his daughter at such a young age, "I can't see someone else I love die."
“And you know as well as I before diplomacy there has to be a war, but you lost this one. You all did. And so did I. I lost you, my brothers and sisters. I lost my family just because you’re so desperate for diplomacy you’d kill for it.” John shouts, stepping up into his face.
“If she can give you a cunt and a womb and me a cock I want to knock you up so badly. I want to push my babies into your flat belly. I want to fucking ruin you.” He growls softly and bites at his neck.
Greg nods. "How long have you been with him?" He asks gently. She eats a tiny piece of cake. "About four years.. It didn't used to be like this.." She says.
Mycroft finds Crystal and sits down beside her, he rests his hand on her thigh and squeezes it softly.
"Such a good boy.. God you're so handsome." She kisses his thigh and slowly pushes lubed finger into him.
He needs data, proof. Samples from soulmates and similarities so they can find a way to track and match soulmates together. He can’t imagine going through life the way he had before. He didn’t know how empty it was. How alone he felt. How he was just drifting and doing what he thought was what he wanted.
“I’m sorry I..” Greg sighs softly. “I was dreaming..” He swallows, thinking of how to explain it. “The summer before I went to Uni I met Neil. He was my age and we played rugby in the park with a couple of guys. Nothing formal, just a rag tag team. Neil and I got close. He was sent to live with his aunt and uncle when his parents caught him kissing a boy.” He explains softly. “We grew close over the summer. His aunt thought I was a good influence on him because I was kind of a jock and had a reputation of being a lady’s man in the village.” He chuckles a bit hollowly. “Summer was coming to a close, I was getting ready to go to Uni. His parents had gotten him into a heavily religious school to help promote a ‘traditional lifestyle’.” He rolls his eyes. “Neil panicked. I talked him down and told him that we’d spend our last day together the whole day and see each other every break. He seemed to calm down and I went home to finish packing. The next morning I went to see him and I found him hanging in his room..” He tries to swallow past the lump in his throat. “It was the first unnatural death I’d ever seen. He left me a note on the bed and I took it before calling for an ambulance. There was nothing they could do, he was long gone by then.”
She whimpers and arches as he fills her. She tries to move by herself but can’t since her belly is so big and full.
“Dormi..” Magdala whispers to John, sending him into a deeper sleep so she can talk to Sherlock without waking him.
‘Testing out new abilities. You like?’ She asks and does a turn for them so they can see all of her. Her belly still hangs heavy and the plug still sticks out of her.
'Mm I can tell you that you've missed this.' She moans, rocking with him. 'Tell me how much you've missed this. Tell me why.'
“I don’t think my arse would fit into any of these at the moment. How come when your pregnant not only does your stomach and tits grow but so does your arse? What kind of sense does that make?” She sighs. “Maybe I’ll just wear nipple tassels and a shirt skirt.” She muses.
Sherlock sighed softly and sat in his chair. He was looking around the room, trying not to think we he spotted something. He got up and picked up the case; brushing the thin layer of dust off it, he opened it up and smiled softly. “Hello, old friend. Remember me?” He picked up his violin from the case and touched it reverently.
She makes a little sniffling sound and slowly let's him go. "Thank you again. This means the world to me."
“Tell me if you need anything.” Sherlock says softly. “You should get some rest. It’s getting late and I’m not sure how much rest you’ll get when we get back into London.” He says softly as he sits down in his chair and lays it back completely.
"Your dad is mad as hell right now so he's going to cool off. Then he's going to have a serious talk with her and they're going to work their shit together. He loves her. He loves her more than he could ever be mad at her."
“Please. Want you. Need you. God, John, please.” Sherlock really is far gone using religious expletives.
"Hello, darling. Did you miss me?" Sky smiles brightly at George even though she wants to curl up into a ball and have Michael hold her.
He holds his bee close and presses closer into Sherlock’s arms as people walk around them outside, not likening crowds.
Sherlock pokes at his food. “I want to scrub all the places he was with bleach and boil myself in scalding water everywhere he touched.”
"Oh yes! Of course, Myc." Sherlock says happily. He goes over to her. "Mrs. Hudson Gregory and Mycroft are going to be moving here to Baker Street."
"Mr Holmes' brother?" The tech chuckles. "Seen him a time or two, before he got hitched to that handsome fella of his." He shrugged.
"So when I tell you that I think you are perfect for each other you know I'm telling the absolute truth because i have seen every possibility and this one you have here and now is the perfect one. Do you know how rare that is?" She holds his face in her hands and wipes away his years with her thumbs.
John slowly enters him. He is bigger than average, hence the extended prepping, not wanting to hurt Sherlock. "Oh, gooood..."
“How many babies can you carry at once?” Sherlock asks, as he rolls awkwardly up onto his knees and kneels between her legs. “Where do you want me?” He asks.
"Find him, NOW." Mycroft snarled before hanging up the call. "Jim Moriarty escaped. He over-exaggerated his wounds, and overpowered my man the first chance he got."
*I think it all depends on whether or not we’re trying to smooth things over with sex and not talk about things.-SH*
She blushes and moans softly, loving the attention. “Mm you’re not a bad lover especially since you were never thought how to fuck.” Darius says to Dark.
John pulls back slowly and breathes heavily. He smirks when he sees Mycroft's swollen red lips and eyes blown black from arousal.
She smiles softly and kisses his head. "You're so much braver than you know, love. You're so much more of everything."
"That's perfectly normal. It's a bit scary. I'll be there the entire time so it will be okay." She signs.
"Tell me what you've been up to?" He smiles, sitting back in his chair since they're the last ones in the restaurant.
Sherlock smiles and kisses her cheek before kissing her flat stomach. “How are you doing?” He asks, taking her hand.
Sherlock nearly whimpers. Relief is coming. Thank goodness! John was smart. So smart. He stays on John a bit longer until he is sure John will be okay to get up. He licks John’s face and finally gets up off him.
“Watch. Watch them as they fuck your baby. Watch as they impregnate your daughter. Watch what a whore she is.” Sherlock smirks, rocking his hips so slowly just enough to tease Mycroft but would never be enough to get him off.
“Mm I love being pampered with cocks and cum.” Morna kisses her back absolutely filthy. “I may even let you put anything you want inside me.” She nips at her lips.
John goes over to Sherlock who is looking at something that looks like mollusks. Greg goes and nuzzles Mycroft. "Are you alright, My?" Greg asks as John turns up the vibrator another notch suddenly.
John chuckles, continuing to rock in and out of Sherlock. “Such a good boy. So handsome. So perfect.” He praises as he makes his cock bigger.
He growls, his cock leaking into her. "Guess it just runs in the family, getting excited by things like this."
He picks at the fading picture on the side of his mug. The last time he spoke about Abraham, was to Mycroft, to explain that he had killed him. He doesn’t want John to become another Abraham, he doesn’t know whether he would put up a good enough fight to kill him.
Greg opens his mouth but nothing comes out. He pulls Sherlock closer to kiss him and show him how he feels. "You always have?" He holds onto him.
John and Udos rub their bellies, checking the size. “Sherlock’s just edging it, but it’s almost the same.” John concludes.
Sky moans and arches, drooling a bit. “Please. Please I need it. Want to be so full. I want it till I can’t take anymore.”
'Your children. My children. Our children. I am worried and nervous and scared but we're all here for each other. We are all here for these babies.' She takes his hand and presses it to her belly, letting him feel the twins' energy.
"I erm... need a change of trousers... and for you to look away so I can get up without completely embarrassing myself."
John takes advantage of Sherlocks willingness to deepen the kiss, letting his tongue slip between his lips with a moan.
"You feel so big inside me. You make me feel so full. I can't help but get wetter and wetter for you."
One of George's men pretend to be an officiant and Sky and George repeat the vows. "You may kiss your bride." The man says and they lean in to kiss but it's shielded from by Sky's veil that blows in a gust of wind. The guests clap and cheer as Sky and George walk down the isle together at the end of the ceremony.
“Yeah i was thinking the same.” John nods and sips his tea, leaning into Sherlock. “I don’t think they’d just have records sitting out though.” He hums.
"Mm you're going to be called into work in about 33 no 32 minutes because the the clinic is understaffed due to the flu. Anthea is going to call Mycroft into work to because of a crisis but it's not really a crisis because Mycroft's can handle it. Greg has paperwork to do and a fuck load of work to catch up on. Sorry, Greg. So that leaves me and Sherlock. He's going to start his experiments on me today." She says as if she's reading off a to do list.
“Maybe next time.” He smiles and takes his hand, kissing his knuckles. “How do you feel? Why didn’t you tell me you got pregnant?”
"Wait here." She kisses him and goes into the cage, closing the door behind her. "Hello, my love." She smiles and Lily purrs as Sky pets her head.
"Excuse me. I think I'm going to be sick." John gets up and runs to the nearest loo. He vomits until there is nothing left. He sits on the floor with his head in his knees. He wraps his arms around his shins and he shakes. He shakes so hard it rattles the stall walls. The bathroom door opens. "John, mate. Are you in here?" Greg calls. "On the end." John croaks back hoarsely.
Sherlock steps into the compartment and hands John his food. He frowns as he sniffs the air. “Who has been in here?” He asks as he sits back down and wraps his arm around John’s waist.
“I want you to sit on my face Mummy. I want you to take what you need. Then you can piss all over me. Please mummy.” Mel blushes brightly as she begs.
Mycroft smirks, “you’re too emotional, Crys.” He smiles. “You need to be less competitive and more relaxed.” He shrugs as he hands the cards the Crystal.
“Of course, I’ll take John with me to meet them as well, if you don’t mind me stealing him.” Pythia chuckles.
The sounds are intoxicating. The slap of skin and slick flesh. Panting and growls are hypnotic. It’s hot and humid and John could care less if he burns up because this would be the best possible way for him to go. “Sher- Christ Sherlock.”
He stiffens a bit, frowning. "Benny, I.. It's just for tonight. After tonight, I won't wear it at all in Vegas. I.. I won't even bring one."
Greg smiles and takes them into where Sherlock and John are sleeping. He sets Mycroft down and lays next to him.
Eli smirks and slicks his cock. “Get in a position you want and I’ll give it to you.” He strokes himself.
"Shut up or I'll use that knife on you." Sherlock growled. "Tell Lestrade his case is closed." And he stomped off toward his bedroom, slamming the door.
"We did background searches on all the names that popped up...John seemed like the best candidate...and someone who could actually do what we failed to." Greg replied.
“Bountiful harvests.” Morna purrs, her breasts rocking with every breath she takes and they look full and heavy with milk.
He angles his hips and rubs his g spot as he fucks him, the head of his cock rubbing against his cervix.
“I don’t know what I’m doing.” Sherlock sighs, sounding muffled. “I can’t eat, I can’t sleep, I can’t think. It’s getting worse every day.”
She moans louder each time his cock drags over her g spot, crying out as she's marked and coming hard instantly.
Sky cries out and comes hard around her fingers. Her knees give out and she kneels on the floor trembling. She takes her fingers out of her pussy and a rush of cum and slick runs down her thighs, making a puddle between her legs onto the floor.
James pushes down her throat, making sure he stays deep as he thrusts. “Fuck yes. Gag on my cock, whore.”
Sherlock nods. “I’ve only had one ex, he forced me to turn him, after I bit him. He changed. He tried to kill me.” He explains softly.
Mycroft smiles softly. “Don’t talk now, Sire. Just regain your strength.” He says softly. “We’re here for you.”
“I know you’ve known Camille for a long time, but I was wondering about Lucifer. Whether he was before you.” Mycroft says softly.
She whimpers as she starts to feel close again and presses her face to the mattress, baring her neck for him to mark her.
Sherlock grumbles a bit as he wakes. He turns and kisses the back of John's neck. "We have to get ready to go.." He mumbles into John's skin.
Sherlock is laying on his back, belly sticking straight up in the air. “Is this what it was like before?” He asks softly.
“You should go with them, celebrate with them. Your family has returned.” Sherlock says softly. “I’m sure there’s a lot you need to catch them up on.”
She hums and rolls out of bed, slipping on Michael's shirt. "I'll finish cooking and you get comfortable." She hums and indicates the the harness and strap on. "And we can have late breakfast in bed." She smiles and goes back out to the kitchen in nothing but Michael's shirt.
“Mm. What would you find challenging, baby? You’re already a breeding whore. Tell Daddy what your challenge should be.”
Sherlock chuckles at John’s laughter, it’s good to hear his laughter again, especially over this topic. “Technically I can eat garlic. But I come out, in what looks like an allergic reaction. I won’t die, but Mycroft would have to come and I would need to have completely new blood in my system.” Sherlock explains.
John smiles happily and follows Sherlock out, letting Sherlock get one of the bags as he gets the other.
He smirks and grinds against her. "You know I love it when you're like this.. Dripping and giving me easy access."
Chloe moans at how full she feels. “That’s a lot of cum.” Mel blushes as she looks at Chloe’s stuffed pussy.
“I set up a special room for you three. Come on.” Myropis says as he clicks his fingers and a leather, strappy costume wrapped itself around Morna, a lead coming from the collar around her neck. “I’ll fuck you when we get there.” He smiles, letting his magic wash over her.
"I'm glad you like it." She sniffles and kisses his head. "I love you so much. So so much. I love you just the way you are and that will never change no matter what. I just want you to be happy."
"That sounds wonderful, baby. Thank you." He smiles. John gets up from the wall and goes back into the bedroom. He shakes Mycroft lightly. "You need to come see this. But you have to be quiet. They can't hear you or it'll be ruined."
Sky nods. “That would probably help with all the pressure I put on myself. I’m kind of also a workaholic to distract myself from stuff.”
"Mm very good." He praises and rubs his thumb over the leaking slit of his cock. "How many times did I make her come?"
“Oh I like that one.” Greg beams as he lets it go for a while, watching Crystal desperately try to fuck it.
“No!” Sherlock shouts, he didn’t want this. He didn’t. He kicks Jim in the chest and scrambles off the bed to the door.
“Alright. Then your homework this time is set up two dates. John, you set up a date that you think you and Sherlock would enjoy. And Sherlock you set up a date that you think you and John would enjoy.” Dr. Monroe smiles.
Camille nods. “You have to give me permission to enter, and when you revoke that permission, it hurt me to stay on your property. I will leave immediately.” She explains softly.
"I love you, too. So much." She smiles and unwraps her legs from his waist, her legs shaking a bit as she stands in the shower.
Sky soon pushes out a set of twin boys with Michael as the father and another set of twin boys with Turk as the father, all in less than ten minutes.
Diōnē smiles. “Make sure you look after Leona. Any questions she has. She’s one of the most important people in this coven right now.” She explains.
She hums softly, taking away the lung damage he has from years of smoking. She presses soft kisses to his face, removing the mild skin cancer he has. She rubs his hips making them move easier. ‘How’s that?’ She nuzzles him, letting him get used to his younger body.
"I told mum you and I didn't want to know the genders. Between her, Harry and your brother they'll make sure we get all the cute stuff we need. I told mum she could know. Is that alright?" John gets up and walks into the bathroom. He places the phone on speaker and turns the shower on.
“Funny enough Wolfs Bane.” Margaret giggles. “Even though it’s a plant and doesn’t actually come from a wolf. But out intentions will change that.” She cuts little pieces of dried plants and drops them into a small pot of water. “Celery root and some dried oak powder.”
“You’re obviously part of the work John.” Sherlock scoffs as if that was the most ridiculous thing John could have said.
John nods and shifts so his groin is out of the water. “Just like my apparence, my... everything is your perfect size.” He smiles.
Sherlock’s frown deepens. He was about to say he doesn’t understand what John means when their order is called.
Every day without you is like a day without the sun. Which is ironic. I'd forgotten how strong the sun can be here. My face and hands are redder than a fucking lobster. (Fuck, don't read the swears out loud to Rosie. Jesus, I did it again. Just, skip the swears, yeah? She's thankfully too young to read.)
John smiles and kisses Sherlock’s head. “Have you finished eating? I can tidy it away as you get washed.” He offers.
“I’ll text you the address of the hotel. We have to be really really gentle with her, John. She’s been abused mercilessly since she was 18. She needs gentle care and praise.” Irene texts him the address.
“Oh? Am I supposed to mellow you out?” John laughs, leading Sherlock down the stairs with his cane. “Oh you’re going to want these.” He hands Sherlock a pair of sunglasses.
John nearly spits out the wine he'd just been drinking. He coughs a few times to clear his throat, pounds his chest twice, then looks across at the other man, "plastic surgery? Seriously? Why now, after nine years?"
“I thought she had died so I didn’t tell you about her. Apparently they people here were keeping her from me.”
Sherlock smiles. “We can always go back to bed when I need to feed.” He says softly, “if it’s more comfortable.”
Sherlock smiles and kisses her cheek. “I’m going to catch up with John and Maggie. Call me if you need anything.”
Sherlock looks up when someone knocks at his office door. He recognizes the man as one of the other new professors but he can’t remember his name.
"Scream my name as you come." He slaps her arse, filling her with his cum but not stopping his thrusts. "I'm going to fill you up with my cum and then eat it out of you."
"Huh," John said with a surprised look. "Despite everything, all the compulsion, you know. Don't you? What did I miss last time? Did you start bugging your own car?"
Greg nods. “I just don’t want to accidentally impregnate her. I... I still don’t have a handle on my abilities.” He explains.
Sherlock’s face crumples a bit and he looks away. “I.. I thought you’d think they’re ugly.. that I’m broken..”
'Mm you should convince him to come too. He's a brilliant shag.' She licks her lips and squirms in her seat a bit.
John cries out as he comes harder than he can remember, aftershocks tingling along his extremities, chest heaving, pulse thudding. "Holy shit..."
“Good whore.” Myropis smiles as he pummels into her roughly. A punishing pace even for Morna, let alone for Kia poor, tight hole.
“I’ll cook for you for every meal from now on if you want.” Sherlock smiles as he plates the toast and eggs, setting a fork and napkin in front of John as well as refreshing his tea. The toast is perfectly toasted and the eggs are televisions commercial quality fluffy clouds.
She cries out and gasps as she wakes suddenly. "Fuck fuck fuck fuck." She sobs and presses her face to his shoulder.
“That wasn’t a blood pact. A blood pact stops when we get new blood in our system. And it takes nine pints so about 24 hours for the blood change and the pact to stop working. That’s a lie we created so we didn’t have to bond with humans, especially after they’ve died.” Camille sighs. “A Vinculum, is what you’re wanting. But I’m not going to go for one, if you don’t promise me one thing.” Camille states.
Greg nods. “And that you don’t breath, and you’re always cold, and you don’t blink. I think that’s the... scariest one.” He hums. “It feels like you’re constantly watching me. Stalking almost.” He explains softly.
Jacob bites his lip. "I just.. Michael had said that you couldn't have kids, so that's why he was going to have them. I.. I was wondering why you couldn't?"
Collin chuckles and scoops him up. He holds Mycroft close to his muscular chest as he carries him up the stairs to bed.
"Good boy.. Such a good boy.. So relaxed and needy for me.." She praises and slowly pushes the tip of her finger into him.
She pushes her hand into Morna, all the way up to her wrist, making a fist and trusting gently. “You’re taking it so well.”
He smiles and kisses each of Johns knuckles, moaning softly as he leans forward and the plug inside him shifts.
Leona smiles and sips her tea. “Will you tell Dom where I am? I don’t want him to wrong that I’m lost.” She says softly.
“You run this daycare all by yourself?” Sherlock asks, noting that most of the children seemed well behaved and were entertaining themselves.
[That's fine. I can pay for myself.] John sent back. He was willing to have dinner with Sherlock and Rosie, a family dinner, he didn't need Sherlock getting the wrong idea. They would be doing this for Rosie. Besides, he needed to talk to Sherlock to sort everything out because keeping his daughter from the other man was making her miserable and he didn't want her to hate him.
Irene finishes her work and deposits the check before going to check on Sabine. She knocks on the bathroom door gently. “Doing alright?” She asks softly.
‘Mm. Been a while. Been a while since you dominated me, too. How about you tie me to the bed and use my cock however you want?’
"Mm you've both met accidentally through your lives. It just wasn't time yet for either of you. But now it's time. Now it's perfect. The most memorable one was when Greg was in Uni and you were shadowing doctors at the local hospital. Greg came in with a black eye and a concussion after his father put him through the ringer. Sorry about you dad by the way." She pats Greg's hand.
"We should do a test, to be sure," John says though the thought is laughable. If this was the result of their coupling from the other night, surely it would be too soon for any over-the-counter test. "But how? And why'd I get sick the next day? Morning sickness usually comes later."
Carol is in the nursery feeding Cara and Chloe is feeding Clara and Amy. “I’ll feed Solara and Luna if you feed Alexander.” Sky says to Violet.
They're silent for a moment. A thought strikes him and he looks up, "When are you leaving? Tomorrow? If you can hold off another day or so... I can go over basic gun safety with dad. Teach him how to at least hold onto the gun in a fight."
Sherlock sighs and drinks the blood. “Does that mean you’ll introduce us to the castle, let us into rooms? I had to protect John on a couch out there.” He begs, wanting to keep John safe.
“Good.” Collin smirks and traces his finger over Carol’s nipple teasingly, causing her to arch a bit as she sleeps.
"If you keep showing that swell to me, I'll be inclined to make you swell for another reason..." Mycroft growls, his tired cock twitching at the idea of pumping a child into her. "Lower your shirt, and go get Harriet. It's our turn to give blood samples."
John smiles and kisses Sherlock’s cheek. “Am I allowed to know, or will it be a surprise, sir? If I’ve been a good sex slave.”
"Stay here.. Don't fucking move." John growls and walks out to the stairs closing the door behind him. John sees Mrs. Hudson come in with Sherrinford. "Mrs. Hudson please go into your flat." John says calmly as he slowly makes his way down the stairs.
Sherlock follows obediently, and sits in a chair near to the front as Marianne starts her talk. She seems to throw knowing glances their way and smiles throughout the entire 45 minute presentation (which turned out to be longer with questions from the audience). Sherlock listens with rapt attention, even taking notes on a small pad of note paper.
He gasps at the pressure on his throat, moaning breathily. "I need it.. Please.. I want to taste you, want to feel you come against my face. I want you to press against me until I can't breathe."
“I know that.. It’s more like I’d like to be a mother but everyone I’ve dated so far hasn’t been suitable.” Margaret sighs.
“No she won’t. She’ll only give birth to the ones that are ready.” John nods. “She can control her entire reproductive tract.”
"Sherlock? Rosie?" John's voice sounds from the stairway as he comes down from the flat to find where everyone has gotten to. When he sees that they're all crowded in Mrs. Hudson's kitchen and that Rosie is clinging to Sherlock, he frowns. "You okay pumpkin?"
She moans softly into the kiss, wrapping her arms around his neck. “Maybe I could stay for a few more rounds?” She purrs.
She pulls her panties to the side and sinks down onto his cock after pulling his pants off. “Oh yesssss.” She hisses and groans as she takes him all the way in.
John looks around the room and smiles. Their new house, while not baker street, was perfect. He could smell Mrs. Hudson baking in the kitchen, active again after a successful surgery. The sounds of their children laughing (And in Teddy's case fighting over a toy) made it home.
“I suppose we could ask her.” Sherlock chuckles. “Or do you just want to see her breasts?” He teases.
“Not another word John. Not until we’re with my Sire.” Sherlock orders. “If you need anything to prove where they are, then get it now.” He finishes his tea with a pained expression and puts his mug in the sink before going into his bedroom to get the diary.
"Oh I can pay, darling.. You pay all of the time. Taking such good care of me." He kisses John back.
“I took down my site so no one contacts me anymore. There are cameras inside the flat so I can see inside at any time no matter where I am. There’s CCTV watching all sides of the building twenty four hours a day seven days a week. I also have several people from my homeless network watching the flat at all times as well as Watson and will step in if need be. They’ve been thoroughly vetted by myself and Mycroft.” He hums, turning into Angelo’s parking lot.
Sherlock eventually pulls off John, blood running down his chin. “John. Loves you.” He slurs, drunk off John’s blood.
She cries out and comes hard around him, squirting over his cock as she feels him push deep inside her.
He relaxes some and nuzzles him back. “It’s alright. We get a second chance now.” He smirks a bit and rocks his hips some, still locked inside Sky with Dark.
"So eager. Bloody perfect." Collin praises and squeezes Sherlock's arse, spreading his cheeks so John can ease a slick finger into Sherlock. "Such a good boy. So needy for us." John praises and works his finger slows as Collin kneads Sherlock's arse in his hands.
The God comes off her lap but continues to suckle as another join in at the other side. A third God spreads Morna’s legs and picks the cherries from the trifle and pushes them into her gently.
He kisses her back softly. “The only people I won’t protect is those that hurt our family. If you have a way to keep us safe, then do it. I’m okay with it.”
It’s almost always in large crowds. Sometimes John will see the sweep of a long coat or a head of dark curls and think it’s him. Just for a moment. It’s always quick and John knows it’s nonsense but his heart speeds up every time. His mind is playing tricks on him, he knows, but it’s painful all the same.
“Yes. Mr. Holmes. Are there any circumstances that you and this gentleman might be more than just good friends?” John asked, and Sherlock found his gaze. Sherlock bit his lip as he watched John, then took a deep breath before answering.
“Oh, I’m good. Phillip has been driving me mad as usual but other than that. But you! Seems as though you have kept busy. You’re out there, saving the world. Stopping one criminal at a time.”
John had medical and military experience, and a bullet wound in his left shoulder. After returning from his military service John had been unable to work as a surgeon (given the bullet wound) and he had far too much PTSD to be any help to others. So John had opened a bookshop. John had all of these things. What he didn’t have was much purpose. John tried to pour himself into his little stories and his little shop, but he didn’t feel strongly or passionately about either. The shop was good. His friends were good. Life was mostly okay. But that was it. It was just okay. If John was honest with himself, he missed the war. He missed saving lives. But he couldn’t go back to either.
Sherlock never allowed himself to forget about the golden band around John’s finger, however.  Sherlock never allowed himself to forget that John’s child was waiting around for him somewhere.  Sherlock never forgot that John had whispered
Later, while in the shower, John realized he wasn’t angry so much as disgusted, and very sad.  He left himself cry in the shower for a bit, then dried off and went straight to sleep, without Ellis for the first time in over a month.
“Yes, please,” Sherlock replies and that’s all John needs.  He dips down to meet Sherlock’s mouth again.
“Good, that’s good.  That’s…” John trails off, but he’s beaming, giving Sherlock a look that Sherlock isn’t sure he understands but doesn’t mind that he doesn’t.
John rolled his eyes and then stopped listening. He wasn’t able to entertain Phillip’s ideas. He was just too melancholy over Sherlock. Which drove him mad, no one had made him feel this way before.
“I’m completely mental I know.  I’ll be a mess, I mean I won’t know what I’m doing.  I’ll be a disaster, probably.  I’m too much most likely and I’ll ask too much of you.”  Sherlock is drunk but he’s trying to be kind.  He should probably warn John at some point, before he gets too attached to the tiny soldier who tastes fantastic.
For two years, John forced most emotions down and instead opted for solely knowing that at any second he could die, and it wasn’t all that different from civilian life, only that disgusting thrill that the percentage was larger kept him intact.
He’s so close, and John would love to lean in and kiss him.  He’s a mess however, and Sherlock deserves better than that.
"I was always different, might as well have tacked on my preference for men to cast me further out of normalcy."
On the train back to his flat, John rubs at his shoulder, the one that took his surgeon’s hands from him, sore.  It’s been raining a lot in London this summer, the weather damp and humid.  He looks around the train, only two stops to go before his own, and clears his throat.  His eyes widen at the sight of a face he hasn’t seen in ages.  Molly Hooper, wearing a powder blue sweater, hair clipped up, reading a book.  He can’t help but smile, while simultaneously hoping that she doesn’t see him.  Molly Hooper is just fine, but he also knows they’d have nothing to talk about, aside from the one thing he Does Not want to talk about.
Sherlock wakes up and rolls over to his left.  His arm bumps into something solid.  His head hurts just a bit and then he remembers.
John wakes up on a Wednesday morning and decides that today, he will tell Sherlock he is in love with him.  If he is denied, he will go on pretending it never happened, and he will be okay.  He won’t even mind, as long as he can stay with Sherlock.  He can survive the heartbreak, as long as he can still watch Sherlock every day.  John goes to buy groceries, and picks up a bottle of wine there as well.
Greg was cooking this evening as Molly would be getting off work at the morgue late. He was making Harry's favorite: spaghetti in red sauce. Greg was a decent cook at best, and John was fearful that Sherlock, who must have been used to caviar served on golden plates at this point, would find the food inedible.
But truthfully, the Major liked John because he was hardworking and a Very Good Doctor, from this liking they grew a mutual respect, and John’s attraction to him may not have gone away, but he let it reside next to his guilt about Ellis.  He was good at repression.  Very good in fact.
John finds himself thinking these things, and forcing them down, because all he can see is his sister’s red stained lips. He stops every thought of it in his tracks.
Except he did.  He wanted it to just fall out of his mouth so quickly that he wouldn’t be able to stop it.  Those three words.  “John.  There’s been something I should say, I’ve meant to say always and I never have.  Since it’s not likely we’ll ever meet again I might as well say it now.”
“Wow Doctor Watson, I hadn’t ever known that smoking cigarettes was bad for me, thank you for clearing that up.”
“Oh, sorry,” she says softly, and then gets a look that Sherlock’s seen before, from Molly.  “Let me buy you a drink.”
“Oh. Nobody. It’s sort of awkward really. I actually don’t know what he’s doing here. He said Mycroft told him to come here. I think Mycroft was trying to make up for what he did but, I don’t think he understood the situation fully.” Sherlock and Victor then walked a bit farther up towards the tables, and John decided to leave before he could become any more embarrassed than he already was. He left quickly, and Sherlock was none the wiser.
“That’s really not possible,” John said. “The man works very high up in the government. I’m pretty sure he could shut down half of Europe with the snap of his fingers if he wanted. How and why do you have his number?”
When he gets home he warms up left over casserole from Mrs. Hudson. He falls asleep on the sofa and wakes up in the morning with a headache.
“Does it hurt at all?” John asks as he begins unravelling the bandage.  “And don’t lie to me.  It doesn’t do any good.”
“Even if that were somehow, even remotely true, you could, you know, fake using.  But no you’re actually willingly shooting up.”
The last time John laid in Sherlock’s bed, he had thought he’d destroyed it by sleeping in it, hating himself afterwards.
As he holds Mary against him, he feels her belly pushed up against his abdomen.  The thought of the little girl lying inside lets him smile a bit.
“Harry?” John had whispered. It was past midnight. Well past. Harry turned to look at John, her blond hair falling over her face, hiding it, hiding everything.
John has a fleeting moment of wondering what that coat would feel like against his own bare skin, and then kneels down next to Sherlock to check his pulse.  Sherlock is passed out, but his breathing is normal.  John gets him home with the help of Lestrade.
Eventually, they parted to sleep. John walked Sherlock upstairs to his bedroom. At the doorframe, Sherlock stopped.
“Jesus, you know it’s been months since I’ve done this.”  His words are a bit garbled from his toothbrush but Sherlock gets the gist.
The kettle is going off in the kitchen. It’s whistling and shrieking and John turns towards the stove. When he turns back to the coffee table, Sherlock is gone again.
would think about John showing it to his older brother. John can almost hear his voice, saying something like
Everyone looked at him blankly. No one moved to speak. Not even Molly, who was always the voice of reason. Harriett’s cigarette in between her fingers as her mouth fell open in shock, the smoke filling John’s apartment. Phillip fully had his face in his hands. Greg had his lips pressed together in a hard line, as if he were willing himself not to speak.
Sherlock nods, then collapses onto the sofa, and for the first time (that John can tell) in three days falls asleep with his coat still on.  John smiles, and as gently as possible takes the coat off of Sherlock and throws it onto his friend’s chair.  John climbs the stairs to his own bed, knowing he’ll regret falling asleep at such an hour when he has work the next morning.
Sherlock’s coat flutters back and forth like a cape, as always.  Sherlock turns, his face pale and revealing nothing.  It doesn’t need to, the dead man next to them speaks volumes.
The next morning they are at the table again.  Sherlock doesn’t feel as shy about watching John this time.  He watches with purpose as John parses together his thoughts and puts them on a page, maybe to investigate later, maybe just to have.  To know that this moment took place.
Sherlock curled up against John and then ran a finger across John’s bullet wound scar. It was the reason he was back in London and not out in the desert saving lives. John didn’t like to look at it.
“Write the name of a celebrity or someone else we would both know, or an object, and then stick it on my forehead and I have to guess who it is.  Same with you.”
When they get home, it’s hard for John to concentrate on much of anything, besides staring at Sherlock, the only way to tell he’s there, alive, breathing.
It’s a decision between the intimacy between oneself and the cab driver, or of the strained chaos of taking the tubes on a weekday morning.  He chooses the latter, feeling anxious just thinking about a driver trying to make small talk with him.
“Yes. Sorry. John I’m so sorry,” Sherlock starts, and then his eyes dart left and right, anxious. “I’m.” Sherlock shoves his hands in his pockets.
Sherlock has tried countless times in his head to compose a way to say everything to John.  Everything.  Not just “I love you” or even “I am in love with you.”  Both of these are completely insufficient and partially why he cannot seem to let the confession slide out of his mouth.
John stands at the end of the lab counter, looking away from the man, whom he now realizes is rather tall and gangly, hair a dark mop yet sitting perfectly on his head, eyes sharp.  John tries very hard not to think about the word that pops into his head when he looks the man straight in the face and does not succeed.
It is the dead of night.  Around the time of night when John used to wake up screaming and then hear soft violin coming from the floor below.
“Sometimes I think everyone in London wants me. The things that have been said about me. What I must be like in bed. People say these things about me as if they know me. Was I like what you thought I’d be like?”
“I don’t have a lot of time right now. I have to get back inside very soon. I was just stepping outside to have a cigarette. But if you could wait?”
When Sherlock finally gives up on respectability he comes to John’s house.  John’s very empty house that is full of only John.  Sherlock knocks.  John opens the door only because he knows that Sherlock will break in if he doesn’t and lets Sherlock past him.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, and he smiled at John, though that seemed like the last thing he wanted to do. “Of course. I’ll just leave now. It was so nice to see you John.”
Despite all of the chaos that is living with Sherlock, and his growing irritation with not only Sherlock but himself being pulled in (cancelled dates, falling asleep at work, eating out far too often, not sleeping for days at a time (perhaps he’s becoming too much like his flat mate)), John can’t help but love it here.  He loves the rush he gets when he’s dodging bullets, beating rapists over the head with the butt of his gun, or simply knowing that at any moment, Sherlock will be the cause of some immediate danger.  But more than that—much more indeed—he enjoys Sherlock’s company.  John has found a friend in London, and one whom he thinks actually understands him, that doesn’t mind when he doesn’t answer, and doesn’t question John when he wakes up from naps on the sofa screaming from a PTSD-fuelled dream.  Only asks “Alright?” as John responds with a huffy “Yeah.”
John begins to laugh, shaking his head.  He leans back in his chair and just takes in all of Sherlock.  It’s stupid how beautiful he is.  John wants to touch his throat softly, letting his fingers glide back, to the back of Sherlock’s head.  He’s too drunk, and so is Sherlock.  He’s waited so long though.
"Well surely you loved someone before me.  And I find it very hard to believe no one has loved you, wanted you..." John trails off.
“Yes,” Sherlock replies, annoyed that he wasn’t allowed to do it himself and unable to admit that John made quick and nearly painless work of it.  “Thank you.”
He throws the covers off and runs a hand down his face.  He’s a little surprised he’s slept so much.  Eight hours isn’t what he’s used to, though in his defense he had only slept for four hours in the two days previous.  Still, he’s slipping.  He’s just turned thirty and it’s been a couple of weeks but it still shocks him.  He didn’t think he’d make it past twenty five.
“I know.  Sometimes, it’s painful.  There were times where, because of you I wanted to drink myself to death.  Mostly when you were dead.  But I won’t lie, there were times when you came back to life that I wanted to do that too.  It made me crazy, not being near you.  I had always told myself that if the universe gave me another chance I wouldn’t waste another second.  But I wasted fucking years.  It didn’t make sense.  The fear was fucking nonsense because the worst had already happened.  You had died and I was still too afraid of losing you.  But I realized it wasn’t about you.  It was me.  I had apparently scared myself of getting exactly what I had always wanted.  Just, under the guise of losing you.  I was too afraid to love you, Sherlock.  Afraid to love you properly.  I could only…watch it become something ugly from afar.  I’m sorry, I don’t know what the hell was wrong with me.”
John can’t feel anything anymore, save for the strange strangling sensation that is coming from his throat as he laughs at the terrible joke.
He is losing a lot of blood.  He rips his shirt up and uses it as a makeshift bandage until he makes it back to his room.  It had taken two weeks to track this one down.  He’d been harder to find because he’d nearly erased his entire identity.
“What do you normally say?!  You’ve texted him a lot!” John shouts, breathing through his nose, fists balled up.
“You don’t have to look at it, you know.  I can watch it first if you…” Sherlock trails off, rubs at the side of his face.
“You’re the best thing to ever happen to me, you know that right?” Sherlock said as he leaned his tall frame onto John’s much shorter one.
It’s late, but they aren’t ready for bed.  The windows are open, and Sherlock has just finished playing his violin for John.
Sherlock sat in his armchair, plucking at his violin.  John sat across from him, watching him with his hands folded in his lap.
John looks at him, shell shocked and confused, but soft, like waking up early on a Tuesday morning and realizing you can sleep more, if you wanted to.
But now is not the time to think about his dead never-lover, and he straightens his jacket, grabs his keys, and leaves his flat.
The problem is, when John arrives back at 221B, Mrs. Hudson is there, all in order.  Sherlock knew she was fine.  And he’d stayed.  Stayed for what?
Eventually, 221B becomes completely dark.  The only noise comes from the street.  They breathe into each other’s necks.  John runs his hands through Sherlock’s hair a hundred times.
“This is far too cruel.  This isn’t fair,” Sherlock replies.  Sherlock kisses John in full, neither one caring who can see.  “I love you,” Sherlock whispers through his teeth, it mostly sounds like breathing.  He gets on the plane anyway, because he doesn’t have a choice.
It’s as if John senses his eyes suddenly.  He looks up, and a look half dazed half amused circles his face.
It’s odd for John to listen to his voice. It’s more gravely now, what with all the smoke. But it’s deeper with a drunken sleepiness too. And there’s a lazy smoothness that’s absolutely lovely. He could listen to Sherlock talk all night. In fact, he intends to.
“For starters, you and I both know you can’t afford a nice phone, and for another thing, Clara and I are getting divorced.  I don’t want it.”  Harry flipped her long blond hair over her shoulder after another long drag of her cigarette.  “Honestly, John.  Please take it.”  She has pleading eyes, and her hand holding her teacup is shaking.  It would do no good to ask why they were getting divorced.
He feels overwhelmed with the desire to see him. To touch him. To run his hands through his hair. Kiss his jawline. Or just hold him. That would be nice too. Or at least being able to speak to him. To tell him what an arsehole he is. To ask him why he didn’t take John with him. Yet he keeps sending John notes. John wonders for a moment if he would be better off just thinking Sherlock is dead. But no, that would be cruel, and utterly heartbreaking. That would be too much, and John pushes the thought away immediately.
He reaches for his night stand, hand wandering blindly until he feels the pack of cigarettes under his fingertips.  Mrs. Hudson had told him that she didn’t want him smoking in the house, so he does her the favor of opening his bedroom window.  He lights one and immediately feels better.  He arches his back and raises his arms above his head to stretch.
John could feel himself leaning forward. He thought for a moment that he would get up out of his chair and sit down on the sofa next to Sherlock, throw an arm around him, and kiss him. However, he got the chance to do precisely none of that.
Sherlock had lied to him, and left him alone.  Had let him grieve for two years, grieve like he’d lost a lover because how would Sherlock have known?  But he had left him.  He had left him to go finish the Moriarty job, and John hadn’t been allowed to come.  Why?  Because Sherlock hadn’t thought him up to it?  That had never been a problem before.
The strangeness of feeling loss and gain in one complete and fluid motion is there; but he is happy—despite it.
“Sure, sure,” John said, feeling as though he would agree to anything as long as it bought him more time with Sherlock.
In lieu of a reply, Sherlock bounded down the stairs and threw his coat over his shoulders. John ran after him. “Sherlock, I’m begging you. Please stay. We can sort through this.”
In the end, John doesn’t have many things to bring back to Baker Street.  He had a few boxes but it all feels too simple.  Sherlock helps him carry his boxes to the upstairs bedroom.  His chest feels tight the entire time, as if he is waiting for the punch line to the joke he is the butt of.
“Does that make me special?” She asks.  Her eyes light up a bit.  John knows this feeling with Sherlock: hope.
“Oh, well, maybe you didn’t understand the first twenty times I told you:  IT’S FOR A CASE!” Sherlock yells in the back of the cab.  John had insisted on taking him back to Baker St.
2. notice how that tag up there says "eventual john/sherlock"? well it's still happening, do not worry! please don't hate me! i'm only adding to the angst that will come later! because, that's kind of my thing.  ;)
“Nothing,” Sherlock says, and rearranges the eggs on his plate that have gone completely cold over the last twenty minutes.
“You’re going to get a rash, or get dizzy and pass out, or throw up or all three, or, something WORSE. Take them off!”
“I suppose it has.  I wonder when I would have had enough sense to take a pregnancy test if Sherlock hadn’t said anything.”
“No, I don’t. I don’t have a book shoved down my trousers.” The man spoke quickly, his eyes bugging out of his head. John smirked at him, nodding as the man eyed him up.
“Hand me a couple of those,” John says. Sherlock shakes two white coated pills out of the bottle, and John’s stomach turns over. They’re both a wreck, and they’re smiling at each other. John dry swallows the pills and cringes. Sherlock passes him the water, knowing. It helps.
At the time it had been humorous.  No one had ever loved Sherlock and no one would, as far as he could tell.  It hadn’t weighed on him in the slightest.
John even skips his shift at the clinic calling in sick. He sits and waits in the flat. He reads and does the newspaper’s crosswords. He cleans the flat, knowing that the tub had gotten a little out of control over the past month. He stays up until midnight and Sherlock never comes up the stairs. Twice he thinks he hears footsteps, but it’s his hopeful imagination at work. After midnight, once the date is no longer the anniversary, John realizes Sherlock isn’t going to come home. Or if he had planned on it, that plan was no longer in action. John pours himself a whiskey and sits down in his chair. He opens his blog and after four fingers of whiskey starts typing. He hasn’t typed up anything for the blog since Sherlock went away.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything, but his breathing is heavy, and his eyes are shining brightly.  He’s not looking away now.
John’s mother lifted him in her arms and cradled his head. John kept his eyes shut, letting the salt water fall into his mouth and down his cheeks, face burning red all the while.
“It seems to be a reoccurring problem,” Sherlock says simply, finding this is the best thing to say.  It’s not a lie, at least.  He can’t very well say when and why he picked the habit back up.
The room is completely empty. It’s dusty and dingy with disuse. John pants in the middle of the empty flat, completely out of breath. He spins around in a circle three times, desperately hoping to find a sign of something, anything.
Being kidnapped had not been how John imagined this going.  Being kidnapped by Molly’s very possibly gay boyfriend was an even bigger twist.  Realizing that Molly’s possibly gay boyfriend was in fact the bomber they had been looking for, well, that just took the cake.
“How are you?” Sherlock asked. The fact that Sherlock of all people was attempting small talk made John know that this visit wasn’t an ordinary one.
John stands next to Sherlock, unsure of what to do for several minutes, still clutching the bottle of wine.
Moriarty steps closer to John, then puts one palm very gently on John’s face, smiles with no teeth.  John flinches to pull away, but then steadies himself, unsure of the consequences.
just go up and have tea you know, that’s an option too.”  She scrunches her nose and smiles, the face that’s been entering his dreams on and off.
Mrs. Hudson scoffs angrily and marches straight out of the kitchen, leaving the shattered tea cups, milk, and honey all scattered across the floor.
So he leans over.  His mouth lands against the side of John’s, somewhat uneven but it doesn’t matter. John makes a soft noise in the back of his throat and that gives Sherlock the confidence to bring his hand up around John’s waist.  He’s out of his chair now, almost tripping over his own feet.
It really is brilliant.  The way Sherlock is smiling at him like he’s impressed.  They are cracking jokes about the fact that he’s just killed a man and nothing has ever been funnier.  John hates the tightening of his chest, the way his heart is nearly fluttering, it really is indecent.  And the way Sherlock asks “Dinner?” it’s almost as if he’s changed his mind.  Maybe there is a chance hidden in there somewhere.
Sherlock has broken his heart several times over but the mending is like concrete.  Sherlock continues to be impossible, to not make any sense.  It was the biggest lie in the world to believe that Sherlock never cared for him.  Sherlock’s body is physical proof of this.  John does his best not to begin to sob heavily in his backyard.  He pulls himself together and goes inside.
“I love you too.”  John runs his hands through Sherlock’s hair and kisses his jaw.  His head spins with the reality of it, that he is here, with Sherlock, in this way, after years of thinking it was a lost cause.  It isn’t every day that the love of your life returns from the dead.  And Sherlock has done it multiple times.
“Don’t.  Please.  Don’t say anything.”  His voice is so quiet it is painful.  John wants to respond.  Wants very much to pull Sherlock to him, to hold him.  But if Sherlock wants silence for now, then John will give it.  John nods once.  He can’t imagine what his face must look like.
It’s been a month without him.  Last night had marked one month.  Though time has slipped by, it’s really as if time hasn’t moved at all.
“Move over Three Continents,” Sherlock said, and climbed over the fence with almost no trouble at all. John tried to protest, but was lost in awe.
They haven’t shared a bed yet, and Sherlock knows that John means this in any and all ways possible.  John would love to simply share the space with Sherlock, wrap an arm around him as he slept.  He’d also do anything else Sherlock might have wanted.
They won’t allow John in the back of the ambulance, so he takes a cab.  It seems to take far too long. He calls Mary on the way.  She answers, and says she’ll be there as soon as possible.
“You called me.  I don’t know if you meant to call me but you did.  You didn’t sound okay.  I got…worried.”
“It was so good to meet you. I actually still can’t believe it’s you but nonetheless. It’s terrific to meet you.”
“Me too,” Sherlock finds himself saying.  It comes out quiet and almost inaudible, but John hasn’t missed it.  The look on John’s face changes completely and his mouth goes soft.  John places his drink on the floor beside him and then places his hand on Sherlock’s knee.  He licks his lips and clears his throat.
John made his way over to the hotel, clenching and unclenching his fist the entire time trying to contain his nervousness.
“No, no, you don’t need to do that!” Sherlock said, and his voice sounded horrified but John still couldn’t look at him. It felt as though the pain directly in the middle of John’s chest would never leave. He only wanted the entire scene to end as soon as possible, so he took the dishes away. “No, Janine, you know I don’t think it’s his job to clear that up.”
“I…I’m tired. Goodnight, John,” Evan said. Evan smiled at him, took his hand away from John’s cheek, and curled into his own bed.”
“I’m…I’m so sorry,” John said, his eyes wide.  Sherlock’s mouth fell open, trying to speak but unable to find words.  John left the room.
The texts begin, her soft moan telling John that once again, she is there, invading.  He becomes obsessive, counting the texts each time he hears the phone.  He is so jealous, because this woman takes what she wants and is unafraid.  John thinks she will take Sherlock too, if she so chooses.  It’s hateful, really.
“Just stay here tonight.  But, John, please look at me,” Harry says.  Her eyes are deep and mirror his own.
“Yes. It feels like what contentment should be. Floating through a dark blue sky. With a goat, playing a violin.”
"Alright.  What about Janine?  I mean, you must have cared about her at least a little, you had to have been convincing."
“He’s an absolute genius,” Phillip gushed as John clicked through link after link. “Can you imagine, someone out there today probably got to talk to the bloke in the flesh? What I wouldn’t give for just thirty seconds of his time!”
1. this is completely unedited, i wanted to post it before i left for work. so, i apologize for any really bad grammar, i will be coming back to fix it.
Sherlock would like to know what John sounds like when he screams so loud and long that he cannot speak afterwards.
“Yes?” Sherlock says.  John’s eyes are set and Sherlock thinks the wind may have been knocked out of him.
Even if Sherlock did love him as John loved him, he’d never do a thing about it if he thought Sherlock might have thought he was a second choice.
“Good,” John replies as he begins to rub small circles against Sherlock’s back.  Sherlock’s cotton shirt is soft, and Sherlock smells wonderful.
“You’ll have to prove it,” John said. “After all, this is a very delicious slice of cake. You’ll have to fight me for it.”
The man has dirty blond hair and dark blue eyes.  Alcoholism runs in the family and Sherlock feels a sympathy he doesn’t normally toward the man.  He knows all too well about addictions.  He’s sees that the limp is psychosomatic and he sees that the man knows that too, and yet can do nothing to prevent it.  The man has dark blue eyes and Sherlock immediately think he’s very handsome and then backtracks on himself,
It isn’t exactly a lie.  It’s as much of the truth as he can tell.  He does love Mary, and he does want to be with her.
John said his goodbyes to Molly and Greg and walked home in the morning trying not to feel too sorry for himself. He got home and showered, shaved, and prepared to open the shop. He was about to head out when his doorbell rang.
John smiles at him, and Sherlock looks soft, the way his shirt is crumpled from sleep, the just-awoken look in his eye.
Alright, try not to die.  Not dying would be a fairly good thing to do.  Breathe slowly and wait, try to apply pressure…applying pressure is apparently not possible, because even breathing is hard.
John knows he isn’t sure, but will he ever be?  He doesn’t mind it so much, being unsure, with her at least.  And he is sure that she wants him, which feels fantastic.  He is suddenly not so afraid anymore.  This doesn’t feel like a Too Late or a Waste.  This feels wonderful, her light breath, her hand in his hair.  John pulls away just enough to look at her face, see the flush there, the slight smile.
On the third day, Sherlock bundles himself up in his coat and scarf, and turns to John just before heading out the door.
By the time he’s made it to the building, he’s completely out of breathe, breathing quickly through his nose like the army trained him to do.  He realizes, when he sees Sherlock through the window, that he’s in the wrong building.  And Sherlock has the pill in his hands.
John takes Sherlock’s hand and presses his mouth to the knuckles.  Sherlock intakes the smallest breath and John smiles.
“Well you know, that book isn’t really the greatest one. Might I suggest this instead?” John held up a title he had just finished the week before. “It’s a bit darker, but it takes a great turn, I had no clue how it would end.” John shot him a smile, and Sherlock smiled back with his hands clasped behind his back.
“I’ve been waiting for you Mr. Holmes.  I wondered who had been taking out all my men.  Now I suppose I will have to take one of yours.”
Phillip miraculously obeyed the command. He then stood in front of John, placed his hands on his shoulders, and whispered “This is the best thing that’s ever happened.”
Sherlock didn’t have an answer.  He felt sick, shaking, with a quiet dull fire burning through his chest, tightening the organ underneath his bullet-scarred skin.
.  Sherlock doesn’t really drink.  He’d preferred different addictions during his earlier years, but he supposes a…beer will be fine.
"But I do want to, I do," Sherlock says earnestly.  John has never seen him look this way.  "I have thought about it so many times."
Later, after having his arm put in a cast and being fed chocolate, John heard his mother talking to his father in hushed tones.
This is normal now, the way that Sherlock speaking to him in his head is normal, even though he knows, rationally, it isn’t real.  He can’t believe his mind is even clever enough to torture him in this particular way, but it is a kind torture at times if nothing else, and John is not proud to admit that he indulges in it (not often, but often enough).
Sherlock will be home later and he will unbutton his blazer and hang it up and sit down across from John and every moment he isn’t kissing him will feel like a lie.
“Do you have the new romance novel by Nicholas Sparks?” asked a man in a three piece suit. John looked up from the desk and did his best not to roll his eyes.
John is actually nervous.  He fiddled with the ring at least twenty times during the cab ride down and it has been only a short time with Mary—just six months—but it still feels correct somehow.  This is what he should be doing.  He was frightened of the idea at first, but now it feels like sanity all finally coming together.
The next day, John opened the shop like usual. During his lunch hour he began cooking the books, and tried not to stress too terribly that the shop was definitely down for the month of April.
“The owner of Pottocks Farm has been killed,” Sherlock says. He watches John look over the file and shake his head.
John is collapsed on the sofa, letting out a long sigh when he hears a faint buzz.  He opens his eyes to find a small honey bee has landed on his open palm.
John sighs heavily. He needs to walk the three blocks home. This is ridiculous. He’s drunk and misses Sherlock. John looks at this girl with a gap between her teeth, mouth slightly open. All the more reason.
“Sure,” John says and he is surprised at himself.  Maybe it’s the way her short blond hair is falling into her eyes so she pulls it behind her ear, or maybe it’s the pink lipstick reminding him of a time when he wasn’t so god awful obsessed with a man with dark curls.  She looks nothing like him, and she’s flattering and he hasn’t spoken to much of anyone these last few months.  Maybe lunch would do him good.
John holds his breathe for what feels like hours.  If it is what he thinks it may be, he almost doesn’t want to know.  How could he respond properly?  It would not be what Sherlock deserves.
They look at each other seriously after they have composed themselves, realizing what they have revealed.
“Well enjoy that now, because first thing tomorrow I’m going through the entire flat.  No more smoking, Sherlock.”
“Why might that be?” John asks dryly, getting tired of where this is going, where he goes with himself nearly every night.
The woman came back in, and Greg was behind her. Sherlock held out a hand and John shook it, the action feeling all wrong for what had just taken place.
“Because…I’m me,” Sherlock says heartbreakingly slowly.  “No one has ever loved me, and no one should.  You were right, you know.  I should have stayed dead.”
John doesn’t know what he means but Sherlock sounds so sad, and he’s never heard him sound like this before, it’s sort of scary.
Sherlock should not have to take care of him this way.  He is hurt himself.  They’ve both been torn apart by her.
Sherlock watches him intensely.  His mouth open just slightly, eyes wide.  He looks angry, hurt.  “Believing that I am what?”
John presses his mouth to Sherlock’s jawline and then to his chin.  Sherlock feels his eyelids flutter open and shut like the sun is in his eyes.
Sherlock has begun to talk in his sleep.  He curls himself into his robe and sleeps on his side and whispers in the darkness.  John wonders what he’s dreaming about.
Sherlock can’t see how that is possible either, given the circumstances.  Mary is gone and perhaps never would have caused John such trouble if Sherlock had never bothered John in the first place.  John is without a doubt Sherlock’s best friend.  More than that, unrequited of course.  But this knowledge has always seemed wrong and strange, like the first time John told him that he was his best friend and asked him to be his best man.
In no time at all, Sherlock has gone from completely fine to willing to brawl with anyone who crosses his path.  He starts arguing with a man about tobacco ash and John has to physically pull him away.  It’s a feat, considering how drunk John has gotten in the last thirty minutes.  John decides it’s time to call a cab and go back to Baker St.
Sherlock wonders if John thinks he’s just playing it up to get complimented.  He hopes not.  He’s drunk now, he can tell.  He’s finished his most recent glass of wine.
“Nikola Tesla.  My God, of course you did,” John wheezes out.  Sherlock looks at him with a radiant smile and then looks away, almost shy.
John begs Mycroft to let him see Sherlock, but Mycroft says he’s barely been able to see his little brother.  John knows this must be a lie but has no way to prove it.  He’s only told that Sherlock is given a mission as punishment.  One that most likely, he will not return from.  It’s possible, but even for Sherlock, the odds are not good.  John doesn’t except this. Sherlock has avoided death so many times now it doesn’t seem to be a possibility for him.  But he is allowed to say goodbye.  Mary comes along because John is still following the plan even though none of it seems real anymore.  If he can do anything else now, it will be to look after his daughter.
John recoiled, then mumbled his apologies again, his horror mounting. He tried to hand Sherlock the napkin, but he was ignored in lieu of the damp shirt.
“Sleep alright?” Sherlock asks, sipping his tea.  He wishes John had made the tea, it always tastes better when John makes it.
He waits twenty minutes, and then forty five. He checks his phone. He has brought the note with him, and he inspects it two times to make sure he hasn’t gotten anything wrong. But it’s the date and the time and the place they met. An hour passes. Then two. Nothing happens. John sighs and pushes the heels of his palms into his eyes. He falls asleep after the second hour, and wakes up five later with a sore arse and back.
“Good, me too.” She smiles at him, and he smiles back.  He closes the door of the cab and steadies himself.  It has been a long time since he’s kissed someone.  He hadn’t remembered how lovely it’d been.
They shake hands.  Sherlock’s ungloved hand holds John’s for four seconds, and it is completely wrong.  Sherlock takes two steps back, watching John, then looks at his feet, then turns in full.  He does not look back.
Sherlock removes his shoes and his shirt in the middle of the living room and doesn’t think about what being half naked should mean.  He’s cold.  He moves to the fireplace.  John hands him a towel and when Sherlock looks up to take it he can see that John is staring at him, soft and open and soon embarrassed most likely.
Feeling very pleased with himself, John writes ‘Sherlock Holmes’ on the piece of paper and presses his fingers against Sherlock’s forehead.  It’s smooth and warm, and John fights not to let his fingers slide down to Sherlock’s cheek.  Sherlock writes something on his own paper with his tongue sticking out just slightly, then sticks the paper onto John’s head.
“Just as long as she doesn’t mention it,” John replies to his now imaginary friend.  The walls are starting to breathe through the wallpaper.
He acts sad though. Not all the time, but every once in a while. Everyone believes Sherlock is dead, so that must be what Sherlock wants. John has folded the note up and placed it back inside his dresser.
“Happy New Years, John,” Sherlock says.  Sherlock begins to play, and John sits down in his chair.  Sherlock gives him a look from across his violin, and John doesn’t know what it means.  John gets a little drunk in his chair, watching Sherlock play, watching his hands, and then his legs.  Sherlock doesn’t seem to mind that he’s being watched.  He likes the attention.
"As I had said, I'd never actually go through with all that," Sherlock says, voice dry.  John knows what he's getting at.  He knows he'll answer all those questions soon enough.
Two weeks later, when John is finally employed, he wakes up at 2 in the morning to use the bathroom.  When he turns on the light switch his heart clenches so quickly he gasps and he nearly falls backwards.  Sherlock is in the tub, fully clothed, with no water.  He has a piece of paper he’s writing on against the tile.  When the light comes on his head turns sharply and he meets John’s gaze.
“Sherlock, stay out of here for a few days, okay?” Angelo said, his face sympathetic but firm. Sherlock nodded his agreement, but was also smiling like a loon.
Lestrade questions him about it but Sherlock won’t reply.  The last thing he wants is Lestrade knowing something is wrong with John.  He even asks Mycroft.  And Mycroft already knows what he’s trying to do and it’s wretched.
“Say something,” John says, and his voice is so quiet it breaks Sherlock’s heart for the hundredth time.
“Fine, for God’s sake just do it,” Sherlock replies.  He takes his shirt off and presses it into his lap.
“Because I watched you promise forever to someone else, I was there in case you had forgotten!”  Sherlock has turned sharp.  His breathing is heavy, and he stares at John truly expecting a reasonable answer.
There’s a woman in the room now, black hair and a nurse’s uniform.  Nurses.  Mary is a nurse.  John begins to feel somewhat ill, and only partially from the alcohol.
“Thanks! It’s Arthur.” the man said. Sherlock handed the paper over, and upon looking at it Arthur frowned. “What does it say?”
“Sherlock always replies, he’s Mister Punch Line, he will outlive God trying to have the last word.”
Sherlock suppresses a laugh.  He very briefly imagines a world in which he ever dated a woman, was ever interested in them.  Truthfully he doesn’t understand them, brilliant as they are.  He imagines a world where he didn’t grow up getting made fun of for being so damn different and…well, queer, for lack of a better word.  It’s ridiculous.
His heart leapt in his chest. Could Sherlock really be coming downstairs? John calmed himself, then called out a soft “Hello?”
“I know.  I’m being stupid,” John says, and sits down next to her.  Her face goes soft, and she puts a hand in his hair.
She shrugs and places biscuits on the coffee table. John rolls his eyes and sits in his chair across from Mycroft.
As much as John would love to go back to sleep, to possibly not wake up, he knows sleep now would be impossible.  It’s been hard enough getting to sleep each night; that’s how the drinking started.  And God, if he hadn’t gone straight to the hard shit.  Beer took much too long.
"You have questions," Sherlock says, throwing his left ankle over John's.  Sherlock pushes his head down further into his pillow.  Of course.
Moran bends down so that he meets Sherlock at eye level.  Their faces are inches apart.  It’s what Sherlock had been waiting for.
It’s four days later when John checks the mail to find an envelope hand addressed to him in the damnable loopy chicken scratch.
Dinner went as well as it could have. Harry talked too much and when she pulled out her cigarettes Sherlock’s eyes lit up. Harry lit one for him and John was fairly certain it was the happiest moment of her life. Sherlock had a total of three glasses of wine and his cheeks were flushed red which was utterly adorable. Greg and Molly smiled at each other the entire dinner. John wondered how it had possibly taken them so long to get together.
It probably had something to do with the fact that John was just as wild and reckless and intensely broken as Sherlock.  And because of this they understood and cared quickly for the other in a way which—Sherlock knew—no one else could or would. Ever.
Gentle weight above him, palm digging into the mattress.  John leans down and kisses him softly, then places his head down on his chest.  He gets the feeling that John is not quite hiding from him but perhaps taking a moment to be private within himself.
“Oh my God,” John whispered.  Sherlock let his mouth be fucked happily, placing the memory of John’s eyes into a locked drawer in his mind, thinking
“My brother has the brain of a scientist or a philosopher, yet he elects to be a detective. What then might we deduce about his heart?” Mycroft said, eyes boring into John’s skull.
“You’re joking aren’t you?” John asks, and now he knows his voice is gone, it’s coming out all wrong, and he can’t really sound that pathetic, can he?
Sherlock never actually says yes to being Best Man, but it’s evident that he’s agreed.  Sherlock quickly teams up with Mary and somehow ends up planning half the wedding himself.  John isn’t sure how to feel about it.  Mary tells him that Sherlock is scared, that he’s planning it all out so intensely because he just wants it to be over.  John says “Scared of what?” and Mary doesn’t reply, only gives him a knowing look.
John feels Sherlock’s eyes close as the breech continues, and John only grins his angry grin and tilts his face.
John sits.  Sherlock inspects the bottom of his feet and his ankles.  They hurt but John’s eyes are closed.
“Thank you,” John says.  He smiles at Sherlock, and Sherlock smiles back.  It is so beautiful.  John wonders what would happen if he made the small distance between them disappear.  If he carefully placed a hand on Sherlock’s cheek (to ask: is this okay?), and dipped his head down to kiss him, softly, leaving plenty of room to be pushed away.
John held out a hand and Sherlock shook it. Sherlock’s hand was warm and steady and John had a brief and wild fantasy of pulling Sherlock closer to him. But he didn’t. Instead, John opened the door for Sherlock and Sherlock walked out. John shut the door with a definitive thud, and felt as though he were shutting the door on an entire future.
The thief placed the book back on the counter, dusting it off with the back of his hand. When he made to leave the shop he finally noticed Sherlock and stopped in his tracks.
“She’ll be fine.  Besides, how else did you think I was going to get this?” Sherlock asks, gesturing to the laptop.  John throws his hands up and follows Sherlock, as always.
He stands in the shops with one object in each of his hands.  A tin of tomato soup and a bag of crisps in the other.  He can’t recall if he does in fact enjoy either one of these particular foods but he decides he must if he’s holding them.
The wounds on his back are torn open, and they hurt in a way he hadn’t known existed before this.  He’s afraid he’s going to pass out from the pain.
The first case back had been a disaster.  John hadn’t been trying to solve crimes for two years after all, he was rusty.  And Sherlock must have realized this, though he never mentioned it.  Each time John was with Sherlock he was much more concentrated on Sherlock than any case they were solving, sometimes it felt a bit silly to be there at all.  John felt like he was staring, pining away at his friend like two years ago and it wasn’t good so he tried to make up excuses.  There had been two cases he’d passed up, feeling not only inadequate but a bit ridiculous.  He loved the cases, he’d been able to run after a kidnapper once and it had been spectacular.  But he wasn’t unattached anymore.
It’s the first time he’s said her name in the two months he’s been back at Baker Street.  Sherlock feels selfish, but he doesn’t want to hear this.  About how broken John is, and how he’s lost everything.
There is a day in August where London becomes unbearably hot. Sherlock lounges in his pajamas all day, alternating between complaining of boredom and complaining because of the heat.  When it becomes unbearable John tells him to get dressed.
Not a day later, he’s off to investigate a murder.  With Sherlock.  Who is indeed too tall and too full of himself—rightfully so.  Least, John thinks so.  In the cab, he lays John’s life bare.  Wounded in action, therapist, psycho-sematic limp, Harry’s drinking.  Sherlock sees right through him, it’s as though he’s transparent, and it is…
John listened to Sherlock go over the case. Moriarty had apparently had a vendetta on Sherlock since he was twelve and was now set on trying to destroy him in every way possible.
He drinks from his glass and thinks about dying again, but he really doesn’t want to add a new routine to the scotch.  It’s nearly comical, but John has had enough sense since Sherlock died to take his gun apart, and keep each part in a different part of the flat.  He still knows where they all are, and he could put the gun back together by sheer muscle memory alone, no matter how blind drunk he were, but it’s also true that he wouldn’t go to all the trouble to kill himself at that point, he would more than likely just fall asleep on the floor.
John opens his eyes, and sees that is 4:16 am.  He turns over and sees Sherlock looking at him, half asleep but alert enough.
John smiled softly, not able to believe what had just happened. Sherlock perched on his lap, breath calm, body limp and head resting against his shoulder. One arm was still around the Omegas waist, John holding him close. He gently pressed his lips to the side of the other’s head and murmured, “Tired?”
"Sherlock?" John asked softly, peaking through the flat door. He had made sure to use nothing more than human speed. Somehow, he felt like the time would be best used to figure out his own thoughts a bit.
“I have enough time John Watson since I'm not fending off admirers left and right from where I step” she grinned, continuing to sort through the books.
Sherlock grumbled a bit. It wasn't that he couldn't understand Lestrade’s point. Obviously, he couldn't hope for Moriarty to be tied down legally if the chain of evidence wasn't perfect. Moriarty had not only connections but also money which made it even more vital that no court had wriggle room. The problem was that Sherlock had the contract with John and something told him that the amount of trouble Moriarty had caused wouldn't have John stepping back. There was no way the devil would concede his influence to the police. Sherlock was stuck in an uncomfortable place. He needed his job. Getting his soul back but losing what he loved would have him back to the beginning of this miserable tale. There wasn't any other way for him to act now, he had to hope he could figure things out later.
John had to take a moment to admire the other’s rather beautiful reasoning. It was true he had thought ash to be pretty much the same throughout but apparently he had been wrong. “That is… well, interesting I suppose. Why are you even so up to date with crime scene procedures and the criminal world?”
John looked down onto the lithe figure on his bed. The eyes looking back up at him, completely vulnerable but totally honest and clear, crashed through any barriers he had built up. He might have been able to refuse Sherlock while the Omega’s mind was in the grip of heat but he had the distinct feeling, the other was actually clear minded enough. Now leaving him here was a thing of the impossible.
When the shirt came off with a practiced swoop and accompanying cheer by the ladies, John didn’t even notice at first. He already had been transfixed by the long lines of muscles visible under the thin fabric and their movement. Taking away the bit of clothing didn’t make it any more sexual. Hell, John already felt like the temperature had risen several degrees since the performance started.
"Attention and the possibility to show off?" Sherlock shrugged and smiled, "They tricked you. I would want praise for that, too."
Of course nothing happened. There was only the ever present silence answering back. "Apparently, this only works with appointment" he sighed and turned around, wanting to step into his kitchen area. It had been a naive idea from the get-go. How could he have believed that the evil forces would jump at his whim? Before he could take more than two steps though, he walked into a small, broad-shouldered man who had appeared out of nowhere.
Sherlock groaned but couldn't bring himself to actually be annoyed. Usually, he wouldn't let himself be coerced into such a silly game but nothing was going the way it normally would anyway. Therefore, he lifted his head up a little and quickly pecked John's lips. Two could play this game.
Thank you to everyone who has read the start, here is the next chapter. I'm estimating that the last chapter will be posted next weekend.
Sherlock rolled his eyes "This is obviously not all of it, but I cannot use the couch since we need access to the wall behind it and an armchair has too little space for me to organise files on. The floor is simply the most logical option for me."
“John, don’t play with your friends. It’s not nice” Molly sighed “Either admit you think he’s cute and fuck him or stop. I need to study.”
Just when John thought it couldn’t get worse, Sherlock pulled his shirt off with a practiced move. The black T-Shirt landed some good distance away from them and suddenly John was facing a very naked, pale and absolutely gorgeous torso. There was nothing to deny – Sherlock knew what he was doing and he had the looks.
The minutes seemed to stretch into eternity as both were debating inside their heads how to proceed. John felt like he was treading on extremely thin ice and that whatever move he made could be disastrous. In the end it was Sherlock who swallowed and then slowly raised his head off John’s lap. Biting his lower lip, he carefully swung a leg over the doctor’s lap and settled his weight on it again. They were holding each other’s gaze now, breathing having gone shallow and quick but no words were penetrating the silence around them. John had tentatively brought a hand up and settled it in Sherlock’s neck who nearly inaudibly purred at the contact of their skin. That closed the deal for the Alpha and he pressed up, gently touching their lips together and sighing when he felt the other nearly crumpling against his body.
"No it isn't and no she didn't" John shook his head, "One of the reasons this business is so messy. The daemons say the one, the victim another thing."
It took a few more moments for Sherlock to find the beginning of the thread he had unravelled earlier that day. "Well, I'm not quite sure how exactly he figured out the whole idea of you being real instead of a fairy story. It probably was some kind of 'lucky' accident, but he must have been raised in a quite strict religious setting, otherwise I doubt he would have reacted this extremely. I expect it to be quite the shock to the system to find out that beings you mostly perceived spiritually, can actually take on quite tangible forms."
"John Watson, hello." John smiled and offered a hand to the DI who took it more out of social necessity.
“Yes”, Sherlock breathed, mind already blissed out on hormones by the bit of snogging they had indulged in. He felt incredibly light and damn aroused. At the moment he couldn’t come up with a time outside his heat where his cock had been so hard, straining against his trousers.
“Wait five minutes and then try to get it up again?” there was a smirk curling along the plush lips and John had to chuckle.
"Oh, no your soul is worth as much as any other but your body is in a really poor state" the devil smirked and with the wave of his hand a parchment appeared, "Read it, then sign it. I'll wait but I won't do so forever."
“Fine, if that gets you to leave” exasperated one of the graceful hands made a gestured for John to continue “Ask me a question or two but if you don’t make it quick, I’ll have you thrown out of University.”
Sherlock seemed to think for a little more and John started to get a bit anxious. He didn't like the strained atmosphere between them and rather wanted to go back to the bickering they had settled in the previous weeks. "Come on, I apologised. Run me through what you did, perhaps I can help." John offered hopeful and was relieved when Sherlock finally uncurled himself and got up. His movements were still cautious and there was some reservedness left.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned to leave, finding it the best course of action to ignore the devil for now. "Lestrade, I've got everything. Do with him what you need."
"You made it very clear that should you ever make a deal, you would only do so with me", the man said nonchalantly walking around Sherlock further into his meagre flat, "I had a spot of free time so I'm indulging you."
"Why are you asking?" John raised an eyebrow as he babysat the kettle. Since he had found out about Sherlock's knack for experimenting on everything he wasn't blindly trusting appliances anymore, even if they looked unharmed.
“Just a bit more, good you’re beautiful”, John mumbled between kisses, pushing his hips up to meet the strokes of Sherlock’s strong hand. It only took a few more pulls, before John came, moaning into Sherlock’s mouth while his hand was clenched in the luscious curls.
"As soon as I know something", Sherlock let himself fall into a cab. There was nothing more to do for him here.
"Just give this a chance and believe me when the next victim turns up on your doorstep" Sherlock insisted, pushing the files a little further over the table.
Faster than anything that would have left John a moment to react, Sherlock had sprung up from his chair and was looming over him again, twirling a scalpel in one hand. “Say that again” he hissed, the sharp blade reflecting a dangerous gleam in the low light. John swallowed but kept his eyes calmly trained on the other, doing his best to ignore the dangerous placement of the medical tool. With a deep breath he kept his voice as level as he could “You are blown up to be the Über-villain but in the end you rely on teenager like threats which don’t work. I have to say, I’m disappointed. I was expecting… more, I guess”
"Apart from Moriarty sending me a present? Not really. I first need to know who he is perhaps then I can go on a little further."
John put one knee, albeit wobbly, down on the edge of his bed, taking Sherlock’s face between his hands. “But what if I want to?” he asked, his lips just softly brushing over Sherlock’s, “Can I, if I want to?” There wasn’t a real verbal answer, just the sudden press of lips against his. John smiled slightly and pushed Sherlock back onto the bed. His left hand wandered lower, his full palm stroking over Sherlock’s erection. It wrangled a half gasped moan from Sherlock’s throat.
"I connected murders for you into a series, isn't that enough? And I hadn't even planned on acting, it was just to verify a theory." Sherlock pouted. Changing the bandage was turning out to be more uncomfortable than he had anticipated.
When Sherlock had come to his senses again he immediately began to move mumbling, “I should…I have to…”
He sighed. He needed to trust Sherlock to do what was best in this situation instead of controlling him. Their argument had just shown how practiced in his methods he was. Sherlock had been using his last years to perfect each and every skill, John now could use. It also was obvious that in order to be successful, Sherlock needed freedom. Never in his life had John felt in the wrong, but at the moment his feet were carrying back to the flat to apologise.
"Jesus" Lestrade ruffled his hair, contemplating what Sherlock had just revealed to him, "You really are all out when it comes to this case, aren't you?"
"Well, not everyone is about career, I suppose" John shrugged then looked at the victim, "That seems about right. Was very confused about the whole after-life thing."
“I guess you’ve never actually been with someone then?”, the question was more to confirm what information he had already gathered about the Omega since his appearance in the doctor’s flat.
"You're John Watson, ex-army doctor originally from Scotland but studied in London where you met Mike Stamford. You're on a visit in London, trying to get a job, and Mike knew I had a spare bedroom. He talked to me and then introduced us. You only intend to stay until you find something for yourself, which in London takes a while." Sherlock rattled off the bare bones of what he had decided on, "Mrs. Hudson knows that Stamford is one of the few people who actually talk to me so we've got that covered. I'll probably sweep you along to a case dramatically to explain that aspect, too. Otherwise, should something 'important' arise you can leave for short amounts of time since you should be on the job hunt either way. I would still advise you to take the front door though, Mrs. Hudson knows how many people are in the house at any time and you really wouldn't want to mess up her count."
Half an hour later, Lestrade came through the door of 221A, having to hide his surprise a little to see Sherlock sitting at the kitchen table with a dainty china cup, drinking tea with Mrs. Hudson.
"I work best alone. You are just needed to confirm the actual pool of victims. I could painstakingly figure it out myself but you want it to be done quickly. I tell you this is the quickest way." Sherlock just explained with a shrug of his shoulders.
“Sherlock, he was chasing us with a fucking musket!” John interjected whilst they climbed the stairs.
“If you want to take over just tell me. It's getting ridiculous, I'd quiet like to have someone genuinely interested in me and not treating me like some trophy”
Sherlock smiled and suddenly stumbled across a question that hadn't even occurred to him yet, "How old are you exactly?"
"Usual is boring. Come on you're the devil, I thought at least you wouldn’t be squeamish", Sherlock shrugged, "Apparently I've been wrong. So many surprises the devil holds, you know."
John had diligently driven the girls first to dinner and then to a bar, where they had now spent quite some while dancing, drinking and having fun in general. Although he wasn’t drinking himself, John had to admit to having a great time. It was enjoyable and finally a way to forget everyday life. He was only a bit sceptic about the big showstopper that was planned. So far the night had been sweet but nothing quite fitted to what had been announced. Dinner and drinks really wasn’t that unforgettable. There still had to be something big waiting.
“That’s all good then” she smiled fondly at his glee, “One less bad person on the streets. Makes it a lot safer for the rest of us.”
“I know and if this goes on for much longer, I can't be held responsible for my actions anymore” John took a look at the stack of books in front of his friends “I see you tried to be quicker than everyone else with getting the exam relevant reading materials. Sure you feel like reading that all at the same time?”
John let out a heavy breath, "Because I could not bring myself to leave you there alone. I might not be human but that doesn't mean I'm cold and unfeeling."
Sherlock startled when his mobile pinged insistently at around 3 am a few days later. He had dozed off while he was thinking on the couch. This was happening more and more since John was very close to forcing him to eat. Sherlock wasn't sure how to handle the new development. When the case had started, eons ago it seemed, he had put up a barrier, wanting to see the devil as all the evil in his life. After all, he was the reason, his life hadn't really been a life anymore. It was his right to push him into that particular corner, wasn't it? He didn't want to think about it any further but the thought kept nudging him consistently. As awkward as it sounded, the devil, John, had become somewhat of a dependable companion in Sherlock’s life. That development was dangerous beyond belief but Sherlock didn’t feel inclined to halt it just yet.
When the last doubt about a possibility to hurt Sherlock had been erased, the Alpha sprang back into action. “On my lap.”, John groaned, pulling himself up into a seated position, guiding Sherlock to rest on his lap. Having his aching cock brush along the cleft of Sherlock’s arse made John moan deeply. He needed to bite his lip in order to get his senses under enough control to gently help the Omega. “Don’t rush and relax.”, he murmured, pressing open mouthed kisses along Sherlock’s jaw. “I’m here nothing bad will happen.”
"Well, either you would have managed to die all of your own accord which is just incredibly likely seeing how readily you throw yourself into ridiculously dangerous situations." John raised an eyebrow when he saw Sherlock flinching slightly at his words, "That would have just meant that your contract was fulfilled then and there. If you had managed to live your allotted time without dying before, you'd have gotten a nice visit from someone who collects those with no time left. They are not the grim reaper or any other figure and they also only come for people with a contract. Everyone else very easily finds their way to limbo when they die but like I said we noticed that people with contracts like to evade the inevitable. Then it would only be: you die, you come downstairs, you suffer and well that's it pretty much." John shrugged not convinced if it was a reassuring thought for Sherlock.
"And I suppose, the devil of all people wants to teach me how to prolong my existence. I'm sorry if I feel like you're taking the piss."
"Mrs. Hudson" Sherlock called, re-entering 221 after spending some time at the morgue the next morning. The morgue was his usual excuse for having a few hours out of the flat. His landlady didn't ask any questions about it since it meant, in most cases, the more dangerous experiments were conducted outside her flat. Today, he had used the excuse to present a situation in which he could have met the devil's new human persona. If he wanted to keep the devil living in his flat, he would have to introduce him to Mrs. Hudson at some point. Since he didn't go about making friends all the time, having someone presented to him in the lab of Bart's by an acquaintance seemed to be the best solution.
"It's just such an unnatural feeling for me" Sherlock sighed, very much enjoying the close contact though. There were just too many feelings rushing through his mind. It was close to wading through a storm, seeking the eye of it for a bit of peace and calm.
The term break had been filled with enough work to make John forget his strange encounter with the infamous Sherlock Holmes. That name was filed away somewhere at the back of his head with other things he didn’t really care about.
Sherlock was okay with that and sat to work so soon they were both lying on John’s bed naked and pressed together.
"If he were a bit more observant, he would have cleared the ranks a lot quicker" Sherlock just shrugged, having to agree with John. Lestrade was one of the smartest detectives the Yard had and not only because he let him in on cases.
"This isn't a trick?" he asked, flicking his gaze back and forth between the devil and the object which apparently was his soul. It looked quite sad and unimpressive for something which had the ability to alter one’s life.
“As if I needed a key to get somewhere” Sherlock huffed and sat up, moving closer to the edge of the bed.
“I... What are you doing here?” his words still slurred, the shock having cleared his head a bit but not too much.
“Let’s do this right,” John breathed and tugged the bit of fabric from Sherlock’s shoulders to fall onto the floor, nibbling down his neck. That pale long column which was normally concealed by a scarf, an accessory the other would definitely need again when John was done. The pale skin was too tempting and by the slight whimper Sherlock was releasing, he was not objecting.
The next day, John had been busying himself with cleaning the flat a bit. He couldn't stand Mrs. Hudson coming up and doing those basic tasks for them, especially when they were both perfectly able to. It had taken him approximately ten minutes to stumble across a pile of brown folders which he recognised to be the same kind as the ones NYS used.
"You should have seen him before you came, though" she shook her head, "I was sure that he'd work himself into the ground for the first two years. I think he reviewed the whole of the Yard's archive. After you came here, he suddenly was a bit happier again. You know, not completely but somewhat more human."
“I’m sorry. I’m really not that special”, John shrugged and smiled, “But you are right, I don’t make a habit of not defending what I think to be the right course of action or point of view. And some posh bloke won’t change that especially since now I know how really unintimidating you are.” He stood up and went over to his bed, sitting down next to Sherlock. “You know we could try the friends thing if that’s not too pedestrian for you”
"Either way, he found about you existing and it then probably steeped a bit inside him to reach this extreme of a level. I mean there were a lot of technicalities he first had to sort out, so he is driven and patient. The whole thing about figuring out how to get daemons, then how to get the right ones for what he wanted, getting people to blindly follow him and getting the daemons to make a crocked deal, you must admit this wasn't a 3 am idea.
Sherlock looked up a bit confused "I don't have a case with a title as ridiculous as that. None of them have titles if I remember correctly."
“Wrong”, Sherlock sat up with one fluid, well timed motion, “You have all the time in the world. You brought those books but we both know you won’t actually take a good look at them until about three days before you have to hand them back in, perhaps you’ll even extend the period of loan. What you had planned for you afternoon was to watch some crap telly or sleep and those things don’t count as ‘being busy’ because they are stupid things to do with your time.”
The other man had nearly disappeared into his own flat as he turned around. “It’s Sherlock Holmes, see you in ten.” With a small smirk and something that could definitely have been a wink, the door on the other side of the hallway clicked shut.
“No”, Sherlock smirked and put his hand on John’s shoulder, not letting himself be brushed off. “Stay here, please.”
John was transfixed for a moment before he awkwardly murmured, “Ehrm… Sherlock, I will leave you now.” He pointed at the door and was already about to turn around, wrestling hard with his self-control. All his instincts were singing and the pheromones in the air were making his heart pick up pace.
Sherlock started laughing slightly, lips curled upwards and voice a deep rumble, “Oh you’re annoyed. Why? It’s not really because I broke into your room, I mean there is virtually nothing here that could be graded as secret or valuable. No, you were already annoyed before you knew what was waiting for you. I see that your little stunt made you famous. How does it feel?”
"But why send him here? Because he was greedy in life? What has this to do with anything? Or has Moriarty suddenly taking a liking to help old ladies not get ripped off by slimy insurance brokers?" Sherlock was slowly getting on thin ice, he needed any kind of straw to clasp at and pull this back into something he could investigate.
Better to get started then he though with a heavy heart but said, "Go on, what does the devil need me for?"
"Lestrade, I have your case." Sherlock declared, swooping into the DI's office about two hours later and throwing down four case files on the desk.
"Really, no idea what he tried to achieve with this one" Sherlock murmured handing John another scrap.
“It was quiet entertaining the first day but by now it’s just irritating”, John said, “I’ve got time now, let’s grab a cup of coffee and try to work out why you have taken up the, previously not available, position of being my shadow.”
"Sit up" John's voice sounded from somewhere quite near, "Come on, sit up. You can't swallow anything lying down."
"I'm sure you are aware of the rules?" the devil mentioned a bit impatient, setting Sherlock down on the ground again, when he saw the realisation in the other's eyes.
Even after they had calmed down and Sherlock was already on the way to being peacefully asleep, they were still knotted together. John’s arms now carefully closed around the Omega’s body, cradling him against his chest. The circumstances under which they had met were quite extraordinary but the doctor was selfish enough to not want to change them. Sherlock’s soft breath against his skin reminded him that one of the smartest and most beautiful people was sharing his life and that was enough for him to bury his nose in the silky, dark curls.
“I know, I am the problem. I just want to make a list with the items you will need now and then you won’t have to see me again until your heat is over. I’ll make sure to stay out of your way if that is what you want.” Sherlock was surprised with the sincerity the words were said. John wasn’t making empty promises. The doctor really meant every word. Slowly he came out of his complete defence demeanour and by the time their mugs were empty they had drawn up a list of items Sherlock deemed important for his upcoming heat. Among painkillers, on which the doctor had insisted, and birth control, there was a special brand of water and easy to digest fruit bars Sherlock favoured.
"No and I don't know why you care. You don't need it and neither do I" Sherlock waved his hand about. He was trying to get more information on the parameters of this case but it was difficult. No one had written research papers about daemon deals or conducted a study with a respectable sample size. All you could find were nutcases on the internet who said they had it all figured out, including how the government was lying about lizard people being in charge.
“But it’s unfair…” Sherlock’s protest was drowned in another kiss. John emphasising, “If I think something is unfair, I will let you know. This was about me proving a point and that point is: You don’t have to do anything, it’s all about what you want to do.”
John gently placed his hands around Sherlock's face, smoothing one thumb across a sharp cheekbone, "Because you've done enough to redeem your soul twice over." He pressed a soft kiss to Sherlock's forehead and murmured, "Everybody needs a little help sometimes and I don't want you to reject it because of a formality."
“Not hard to find out about, is it?” John smirked, “I guess there are not many people in London called ‘Sherlock Holmes’, because that’s a pretentious name, and I believe there are even fewer people who write with that precise amount of distaste for the normal population. All in all it sounded pretty much like you and to be honest I can’t imagine anyone else actually conducting a study on the characteristics of tobacco ash. Of what use is that even?”
“Don’t treat me like I haven’t already seen through you from the moment you walked into the room”, Sherlock turned sideways so he was facing John who had raised an eyebrow in surprise. So much for concealing his attraction then. He could retreat to safer ground or throw his hat in the ring. Sometimes he didn’t know if he’d rather be less bold than he was.
"We can't just jump on every whim you have" Lestrade stepped aside a little to allow John to take a look at the wound, "We don't work for you but for the public and there wasn't a case."
Sherlock’s eyes were pitch black, chest heaving, straining against John’s hold. “I… you…” he shook his head trying to regain control over his words, “I’ve concluded over the course of the past weeks that you are attracted to me. Considering you being a person who craves intimacy and the social construct of a relationship there are two possible ways this would play out. Either you’d look for someone else who can satisfy your craving thus in the long run move out and leave me which is unacceptable or I’d make a move. So, I made a move and now stop pretending you don’t want this.”
"Thank you Mrs. Hudson for you input." Sherlock gritted out, throwing himself down on the couch, face first into the cushions.
"Hey, I let you do this but that doesn't mean you can insult my team" Lestrade sighed, only saying it because he felt like he needed to, to keep the team's moral up, not because he thought one day Sherlock might listen to him at last.
Sherlock swallowed and looked down for a moment, he needed to think about his wording because it would probably make all the difference. After all, he was dealing with the devil. He didn't doubt for a moment his words wouldn't be twisted in his mouth. "I'm dying. Multiple of my inner organs have failed or will fail within the next weeks. I have a life expectancy of about two weeks outside the hospital, four at most with intensive care. I need all the organs inside my body except my brain working the way they did before I started taking drugs. With that my life expectancy will be increased dramatically and I can continue my work."
Sherlock tilted his head back to rest on the cushions before answering "But you have the powers to."
John took a deep breath, “Okay, I want you to know that I didn’t know it either. I hadn’t planned this. It’s an ill-advised action taken by my family. I can understand that you will have a hard time trusting me but I want to assure you that you are safe here. I won’t do anything you don’t want me to do. You’re too close to your heat for us to think of a different solution for now. We should organise a few things now and talk about the rest afterwards, are you with me?” His voice was soft and pulled Sherlock back into the present, although he had been starring at the hot liquid in his cup.
John shook his head, “I don’t even know. It was completely off the role, but I can’t even tell anymore what would normally be considered ‘great’ or ‘completely fucking terrifying’.”
Lestrade blinked a few times until he had caught up with the hectic stream of words, "Sherlock, I can't just let you have case files. They are confidential and what case are you on? If you need police information, it might be something you shouldn't do on your own."
"I see that" Lestrade rolled his eyes and stepped around his desk, "But who is he? You can't just bring civilians here. It's already trouble enough I let you in."
Sherlock gingerly held the warm mug in his hand, letting the idea mull over in his head for a while "Why are you taking souls? Isn't there another way one could pay for the energy required?"
"Yes you are" Sherlock just replied and settled is head on John's shoulder. He couldn't tell why, it just seemed like the right thing to do.
"Yes, you gave me a job. My job is to find your culprit, nowhere did you mention how I was to go about it. These are my methods. Yours have already proven to not be successful. Let me do my job." Sherlock bit his teeth together. His skin had gotten thinner with every minute the devil had been downstairs with Mrs. Hudson and he had been up here, trying to work through a myriad of clues.
His neighbour’s eyes seemed to light up, as if he had spotted a challenge. He tilted his head slightly to the side and with an impossibly smooth voice said: “Care to find out?”
The evening stretched out in front of Sherlock like a never-ending abyss. By all rights he should be deep in trying to line out the groundworks of his new case but he couldn't bring himself to do so. His body had prepared for a night of down time after a case. He knew he liked to ignore biological needs such as food and sleep. This meant, after every case he usually needed a night to restore his reserves. Now, he had to go directly from one case to another.
The request came so sudden for John that at first he didn’t understand. His mind was still reeling from the dance and the kiss. God, that bloody kiss. He could swear he had never felt anything more lovely than those plush lips against his.
The cool blue eyes seized him up again, as if they were pealing his skin back layer by layer, exposing everything he might wish to hide. Lucky for him, John didn’t bother hiding too much, people were just used to not bothering to see too much. With a final grin he patted his hand twice on Sherlock’s chest and left the other standing in the middle of the room. “Nice chat, we should do that again sometime. I’ll see myself out” and with nothing more he walked over to the door and out onto the street. He took a few fast steps until he could duck into a small alley and let his back fall against a rough brick wall. Well, that had been a weird encounter for sure. He felt like something had been off about it but he couldn’t quiet put his finger on it.
“Okay, I’ll get the supplies for you.”, the Alpha turned around, clenching his hands to control himself. After having had Sherlock come undone on his lap the night before, it was a lot harder to not give into the urge to claim the lithe body.
“Ah, come on, John normal is boring. Normal is so predictable,” the detective ran his hand once through his hair dislodging a few leaves which had tangled themselves in the dark curls.
