"Welcome back to the land of the living, Captain," the man said. "You have slept for quite some time."
Oswin clutched her knees tightly as she gasped for air. Ever since the explosion that morning, she and Knežević had been running and barely even stopped to take a breath since. At first, it had been fun; exhilarating almost. However, that feeling completely wore off by the time the first hour had passed. Now she didn't know what part of town she was even in. She could be anywhere from Pasadena to South Central by now. All she knew was that the sun was setting, her feet hurt, and she wanted nothing more than to crawl into the first bed she saw and sleep for the next two years.
"Uh…" Bruce didn't even look up from his computer, clearly not wanting to get involved. "I just want to finish my work here and…"
Speaking of Tony Stark, Knežević was unsure about whether he wanted the billionaire on his vengeance list or not. Just the simple fact that his name was on the barrels of chemicals that ended up killing his daughters was enough to make him want the guy dead. However, the more he thought about going after the guy, it became clearer that wasn't a good idea, just simply for the two words "Iron Man." All Stark would have to do was put on the suit and Knežević would be as good as dead. He already knew these "powers" or whatever they were wouldn't be strong enough to break through that armor and just one blast from those energy-beam-things in the suit's hands would put a gaping hole in him. He was still in his underwear for goodness' sake! (He tried putting clothes on but found the task daunting now that everything he touched turned to stone and he eventually gave up. If he couldn't put on a simple shirt and pants, then it probably could be surmised that that any sort of protective gear would be next to impossible.) Going toe to toe with Stark was a horrible idea. So, as much as he wanted to kill the man, Knežević decided that it would be best to leave him off his hit list. At least, for now.
"He hacked his hotel room key so we could get in your rooms yesterday," Lara said. "It could still work."
"It's too late," he managed to get out. "It's too late to stop it." Thor looked at him with eyes full of compassion. That's when the cracks started to form.
"JARVIS, lift the restrictions on elevator access," Tony added. "We know for sure they're not damaged and no one else deserves to nearly kill themselves on the stairs."
"Well, it should be zero," Lara said. "Otherwise the whole thing is unequal, and you'd keep end up getting the wrong result." Bruce pulled the paper closer to him and started doing the math again in his head. He must have gotten the result that he wanted because he raised his eyebrows before looking back up at her.
"You know, your understanding of sociology is pretty poor for someone who used to be a federal agent," Tony commented.
"No," Bruce said. "I haven't left the tower much since the Chitauri attack. In fact, I think the last time was for Coulson's funeral."
"If you know what you're doing and careful, you can make hydrogen peroxide from the hydrogen and oxygen," Griffith's assistant pointed out.
"And you're sexy." Ordinarily, that would get a reaction out of Steve, but this time he just stared at his boyfriend. "What? I thought we were stating the obvious."
"I'm sorry for burdening you with all of this, Anne. I just have no idea who I could go to with this."
"Hello, can I help you?" Carol stepped forward to be fully in the woman's view. She tried to peek into the space behind her, but only saw a desk, a few bookshelves, and locked cabinets; standard office clutter.
"Whatever," Tony said with a shake of his head and a slight smirk. "Forever live in the safety of denial land. Just know that I'll miss you dearly.
After a little bit, Tony heard a knock on his door. He tried to ignore it, but the person on the other side kept at it. Eventually, they gave up with just knocking and eventually said "Tony, it's Peggy. Are you still in there? Can you please open the door?"
"And do you really think breaking up would spare us that pain?" Steve asked. "Not just add to it?" Tony didn't even need to think about it to know the answer.
The other board members were just as silent as Fair. Tony allowed the silence to linger a little longer, just o really let the shame and guilt set in. Eventually, though, he had to break it.
"JARVIS," he said quietly. Not only did he not want to wake Steve, but his throat was so sore that if he spoke above a whisper, it would feel like he swallowed a glassful of razor blades. "Run a facial recognition scan on the surveillance video at the current timestamp."
"Once again," Hawkeye continued saying. "Since you are not going to trial, you don't need to worry about hiring an attorney, but if you were and unable to afford one, the court would
"I get that," she said earnestly. "I really do." She bit her lip in consideration. "Is there anything you want to know? Anything that could help you to understand?"
Shortly after that, the kids came back into the room. Lila carried a mostly-dry watercolor painting and after scrambling back into her mother's lap, she held it up to the camera to show her father. It was largely an incomprehensible mish-mash of colors, but Lila claimed it was a pony and a puppy going on an adventure in an enchanted forest. Clint still praised her on what a good job she did and Lila beamed proudly at the fact that she was able to make him feel better.
Despite his attempts to assure himself, doubt still sunk into his soul. He had a feeling that if he didn't write it down now, he was going to regret it. His hand moved of it's own accord and started to write the letter "n." Realizing what he was doing at once, Tony released his grip on the pen, sending it clattering to the floor.
In the age of the Internet, it's a given that no one watches the news anymore. If you want to keep up with what's going on in your local area, you must be on Twitter. Using Twitter, the public can break the news hours before the official news outlets can do so. So, if something strange or suspicious was going on, the first thing most people would do would be to pull out their cellphones and start posting on Twitter.
The storefront was rather neat and clean, and its layout gave Lara the impression that it used to be a bank. The floor was hardwood and the same shade of tan as the counter that boxed in the back-left corner. There were a few people manning the counter and it was clear to Lara that the teller's station was being used as a payment counter. She noted that and prepared her denials for when they started pressing her to give out credit card information.
"Holy crap," Bruce said to himself. His eyes went over to the envelope, which was resting on the table next to him. Even from the distance, he was at, he could see that the lipstick stain covered a significant area of the letter's surface. Although the letter was gilded with aluminum foil, the lead lipstick stain would add another layer of protection, ensuring that at least some of the powder wouldn't be affected by the beta rays; that it would remain active.
The ambulance arrived no less than fifteen minutes after Rhodey was connected to the police. It would have come as a relief if it wasn't closely followed by a sea of reporters. Some of the paparazzi liked to keep an ear on the local police scanners in case someone of note was arrested or – as in this case – taken to the hospital. When Tony's address came over the feed, everyone started scrambling over there, wanting to be the first to break the story. Luckily, thanks to the high-profile nature of many of its residents, both the Malibu police force and the EMTs were used to and trained on keeping the media away from a person having a medical emergency. The police forced the reporters back down to the bottom of the hill while the EMTs got Tony loaded into the ambulance safely. Once they were ready to go, the police gave them an escort to the hospital, mostly to ensure that the paparazzi continued to stay back.
Boy, it was a mess. It was usually pretty easy to get to the elevators from the Grand Central Terminal entrance. However, the flow of the crowd was so thick that Lara had trouble breaking away from it. She was sure that she had shoved more people than was probably necessary and stepped on quite a few people's toes. She didn't apologize for it, though. After all, she wasn't the one who had turned the lobby into a mosh pit.
"Not for too long, I don't think," Steve said. "Bruce and Natasha stayed in the living room overnight last night, but Lara and Clint have only been here for about twenty minutes."
building – even though you originally assured me that it wouldn't be here for longer than a day – before you got yourself hospitalized. Lara – who was closest to Stark – thumped his shoulder with the back of her hand, while Steve shot his boyfriend a disappointed look. Clint, meanwhile, laughed.
"Yeah!" Lila nodded as she squirmed out of her mother's arms and onto the floor. Laura tapped Cooper's shoulder.
Tony woke up the next morning feeling infinitely better. His head didn't hurt, he could breathe just fine, and he went to third base with his boyfriend the night before. All were things that would easily constitute a "good morning" for Tony Stark. What set this morning above and beyond, though, was the fact that after he and Steve went back to bed, he hadn't had any nightmares for the rest of the night. Although a part of him wanted to thank the blowie he gave Steve for that, Tony knew that in all likelihood, it was probably because he had been awake for so long that his brain couldn't function any more and completely shut down; devoting all of its remaining energy to keeping all of his other organs working properly and not bothering to throw terrible memories up onto the screen of his mind. Either way, he was just thankful he got some amount of restful sleep. That was something he never thought he'd be able to do sober.
The Chief led them down a corridor to a viewing room. There, on the other side of the one-way mirror, sat a woman in her mid-fifties with graying reddish-blonde hair. She looked tired and her hands were cuffed behind her back, but she still held herself with perfect posture and composure. It was almost a little too perfect. As the Chief explained how no one could get her to talk, Hill side-eyed Natasha.
"So," she said. "There's nothing distracting us from the elephant in the room anymore. Would it make it easier if we just skipped this conversation and I head straight for the unemployment line?" Tony shook his head. "Thought so."
Natasha picked at her fingernails. She had gotten them manicured before they went to D.C., but after a week and a half of wear and tear, the black polish was starting to chip off. This didn't bother her at all really, but since she was quarantined and had very few options when it came to entertainment, she decided she might as well finish the job. After all, it was better than watching Steve pace the room like a zombie.
After what seemed like an eternity, Carol was rolled back out of the machine and was told she had no signs of any internal injuries. It was all she could do not to jump for joy. Carol stood up and was about to walk out, but a nurse grabbed her by the arm and told her she had to wait for another nurse to come back with a wheelchair.
Instantly Steve got up and headed towards the door. The others called after him, but he paid them no mind as he left and went to the elevators. By that point, the elevator had been repaired and when Steve got there the display above the doors kept changing numbers, showing that the elevator was going up. Steve crossed his fingers as the display froze on their floor number and the elevator gave a
"No," Knežević said. "I was hoping to get the five-finger discount instead." The woman eyed him with dazed confusion, but the look quickly snapped to fearful alertness when he reached over the counter and grabbed her arm.
"Even so…" Tony took a deep breath before he brought himself to look Steve in the eyes again. "Also, just so you know, that's a two-way street. I know I'm a flaming hot mess and everything always comes down on me, but if you need anything, I'm there. I promise." Steve smiled.
"Without knowing anything about the person or the type of treatment they have access to, I'd have to rate their chance of survival at about fifty percent." Devastation crossed Natasha's face. "I'm sorry."
She tried to force herself to her feet as fast as possible, but that ended up being a mistake. She was tangled up in the jacket and the only way out was by taking it off. Her hat fell off her head in the process.
"No, no, no," Tony said as he stepped behind the bar. "Threatening. No drink? Are you sure? I'm having one." He knew that probably wasn't a wise idea, but he needed something to take the edge off all the emotions swirling through him. Otherwise, he might have another hysterical break and he honestly didn't think he'd be able to pull himself together as quickly as he did last time. Meanwhile, Loki let out a seemingly agitated breath and moved to look out the glass wall beside him.
"Perfectly fine," the nurse said. "Just really woozy and tired. He could probably use some help getting back to his room." Steve nodded and proceeded to follow her down the hall. Within a minute or two he could hear Tony's voice coming down the hall, and already he didn't like what he was hearing.
"So, you set up a fake murder scene?" The expression in her eyes clearly communicated that she didn't understand how that was as follows. From the look on Clint's face, Natasha could tell he was trying to figure out how to justify it as well.
to go." He gestured around the room. "All of you skipped out on your second round of interviews yesterday. Do you know how that looks?"
"Eh, that doesn't mean I can't take a crack at it." Lara walked around the counter so that way she could get a better view of the writing at the proper angle. The paper Bruce was doing his calculations on was cluttered, but Lara was able to find where the problem started easily.
"You know, we probably have enough time to squeeze one last kiss in there." Steve reflected his smile.
"It's parked out front," Pepper said. "Down the stairs and out the same way you came in." Steve nodded and the three made their way out of the bedroom. They were joined by the blonde woman – Conroy – as they started to make their way down the stairs.
"I don't understand," she said. "Why would he throw you out over not finding a joke funny? That has to be the most illogical thing I've ever heard."
"Because she's Russian and pissed," Hill responded without missing a beat. Natasha didn't hear any more of the conversation as she shut the door behind her, heading a few feet down the hall to the interrogation room where Sharpton was being held.
Alright, so the board meeting wasn't going well. Ever since it started the board was blaming him for driving stocks down with the botched
This time, he didn't linger in the doorway. The bar was gone now, so there was nothing to entice him into the room. Well, nothing except the computer. Yes, even hours later that video was still on his mind and the computer was just sitting there, being oh-so tempting… Tony only made it as far as booting the computer up before he thought better of it, though. He still hadn't spoken to Pepper about it. He needed to leave it alone.
They all said their goodbyes and Lara stepped out of the elevator. The doors shut and everyone was able to spread out a little more now that she wasn't taking up so much space with her bags. Pepper stuck her electronic key into the elevator's control panel, and after a moment, it started going up towards the penthouse. Tony felt a tap on his left shoulder and was surprised to see Barton leaning over to whisper in his ear.
The car ride was tense. The ire between the Avengers and Freeman was palpable. The person sitting closest to him was Lara and she had made a point of scooching so far away from him that she was practically on top of Bruce. (Which Bruce, Tony astutely noticed, didn't seem to mind.) Barton kept glaring daggers at Freeman and everything in Romanoff's posture screamed that she was just barely holding herself back from launching herself through the limo's privacy shade and forcing the vehicle to turn around. Tony, meanwhile, stared straight ahead. With his hand in Steve's, he kept repeating the same mantra in his head.
"Back us up, Thor?" Loki glanced over his shoulder to see his brother nod and start to follow them. In his eyes, Loki caught a glimpse of a wide range of emotions. Anger was the leading one, but he could also see glimpses of more heart-wrenching ones – disappointment, shame, despair – and the fact was, Loki couldn't find it in himself to blame Thor. Not because of everything he destroyed or the lives that were taken, he still felt that it was his God-given right to rule over all the Nine Realms.
"So am I." Tony felt his lips quirk upwards as a couple more tears streamed down his face. It didn't last long, though.
"Do you still doubt that the man in the next room is Captain Steve Rogers?" Tony remained silent. "Because that was the deal; you could talk to Rogers and ask any question you wanted until you were convinced that he was the real deal. So, are you convinced that this man is Steve Rogers?"
"So, you're saying that if I was the one who stayed up all night, you'd actually let me sleep in?" Tony asked.
As his eyes slipped shut, Tony could hear something in a distant part of his mind. A voice, one that he hadn't heard in such a long time. She was singing to him, softly, just as she had always done when she tucked him into bed at night. All his life Tony was skeptical of the existence of an afterlife, but if this was it, he couldn't think of a better way to be welcomed into it.
"With everything that's happening," Coulson said. "And the things that are about to come to light, people might just need a little old-fashioned." Steve didn't say anything, just looked at Coulson in silent agreement.
The first opportunity he got, Tony bailed out of the commencement party. It was, by far, one of the lesser stressful public appearances he had to put in that day (aided by the fact that most of the guests seemed to agree that the
"I propose another toast." He raised his glass. "To Joyce and Nina; the only women in the whole world who can put that kind of smile -" he pointed at Oswin, who was grinning so widely that there was barely enough room for the rest of her face. "- On our faces." Oswin raised her glass.
Rapidly, the tower came into his sights. His stomach lurched with anxiety as more power was kicked into the thrusters. He swiftly began his ascent up, up, up, past Steve and Thor; past the Hulk; past all the invaders; past Natasha and Selvig; and up into the sky. Running parallel to the beam of light that connected the device to the portal above and taking a deep breath in, Tony prepared himself to face his final moments alive.
Everyone looked at her in stunned surprise; a billion questions easily popping into their heads. Carol caught on and held out a hand placatingly.
First and foremost, once he left the house, Tony asked JARVIS to find whatever he could on Vasyl Knežević. Apparently, the man had previously been arrested for possession of illegal explosive components and child endangerment (lovely) and was recently released. Now, he was suspected of murdering his children, sister-in-law, and about three dozen others. The only guess that Tony had now as to how he was able to pull all this off was that he had somehow enhanced himself using the chemicals he had stolen from Stark Industries. He could figure out the exact specifics later once the guy was locked away for good and Tony could once again think at a speed faster than four words-per-second. (Yeah, leaving the hospital wasn't the best idea, especially since JARVIS was giving him warnings that his temperature was rising back up into the danger zone.)
If you enjoyed this story, I encourage you to check out the playlists for MHATRAR and Unbroken! Both are available for listening on Youtube and Spotify (My usernames on each respectively are xMewWinx96x and Mew.), but track listings for both will be below the special thanks just in case you can't find it.. (Yes, I am trying to fill up space because I feel guilty about only writing a 500-word chapter.) Again, thank you to everyone who's reviewed, favorited, commented, left kudos, and everything else! You all rock!
Rhodey pushed the thought away as he focused on the voice of the woman over the line who was trying to calm him.
Have you ever gotten drunk and then gotten behind a wheel of a car, crashed it, and tried to put it back together as police sirens ring out in the background? If you haven't, congratulations! You are more responsible than most of my family members! If you have, then you understand how I feel about this fic right now.
"Yes, I actually went," he confirmed. "Trevor needs you to look at the books again." Lara did nothing to hide the annoyed look on her face as she started to slip her shoes off.
"And what would that be?" she asked, clearly more for Clint and Bruce's sakes than her own. Tony took a deep breath before continuing.
Luckily, Bruce and Barton caught on to what Romanoff was doing and joined hands before they even stepped out of the car. Once outside, the Avengers posed for the cameras for a moment before ascending the steps of the United States Capitol Building together. Since this wasn't a red-carpet event, the reporters remained solemnly silent as their cameras snapped away. Lara and Freeman followed behind them, standing as far apart as they possibly could with both of their gazes fixed forward. Tony glanced back at one point, smiling at Lara to reassure her that he was doing just fine. Lara smiled back, but he was sure it was gone as soon as he looked away.
"Before you two start sucking face," he said. "Maybe we should move along with this meeting?" Steve gave him an inquisitive look.
"You want to think about removing yourself from this environment, Doctor?" Natasha countered. Bruce gave a dismissive laugh.
Although he was aware he still had a physical form, Steve couldn't remember what had happened; how he got here; why he couldn't hear, see, or feel anything. He remembered his childhood. He remembered that his mom got struck with consumption and succumbed to the disease. He remembered that there was a war going on; that Bucky enlisted. He tried to enlist too, but…
Nina was heading to her girlfriend Oswin's house for their usual Tuesday chill night. This week, it was Nina's turn to order the takeout while Oswin handled the movie. She couldn't wait to see Oswin's reaction when she brought in the Thai food from her favorite place. It was a bit pricey but worth it.
Everything started to blur. Jessica could feel the tears she was holding back sliding down her cheeks as her eyes slowly shut. The last thing she could clearly hear was the words "Hail Hydra."
Oswin screamed in terror the second she saw him. Knežević clawed desperately at the article to get the burning piece of fabric from him. He eventually managed to pull his shirt over his head and dropped it on the ground. He abandoned it to smolder in the yard and ran at top speed over to Oswin.
"Definitely." Well, technically her enhancements from the Red Room might save her there, but she might as well give Stark the comfort of being in the same boat as her. "That's not going to stop us from drinking it, though."
Stark pulled back and frowned. Natasha raised her eyebrows as if to say, "are you going to do something about it?" He shook his head, seemingly pleading no contest before gesturing to the woman next to him.
"Nope," Tony said, popping the "p." "No emergency. I'm just a stupid drunk." Salinas made a disgusted face. Clearly, the scent of alcohol had caught up with him.
I know it's technically called Bonfire Night in the UK, but here in America, we don't give a shit about that. In fact, all we know about it pretty much boils down to V for Vendetta and Anonymous. That's pretty much it.
"Pass it over here," Rhodey insisted. "That way you can just tell me the answers and I can write them down."
"Please," Pepper said as she looked through her purse. "You've stayed this long helping me. It's the least I can do." She pulled out her wallet, produced two twenties, and held them out to her. Reluctantly, Lara took them as she knew she wasn't going to change Pepper's mind. As she stuffed the bills into her pocket, she tried to plan a way to covertly give them back. The best she could think of was to leave it somewhere where Pepper would notice them, but not necessarily connect that it was the money she gave her. That would work if she was in Pepper's office, but unfortunately that wasn't the case.
"Yeah," Rhodey said. "I do. I also know that if you were really that drunk and they wanted you gone, they should have taken you to the police station or the hospital; not throw you out on the street. Nothing you did could justify that. You understand that, right?"
"What is with people today?" Before he could question him further, Natasha and Bruce walked into the room. Nat scowled at Clint as she took the seat between Clint and Steve. Bruce just shook his head, shut the door behind him, and took the seat to the right of Tony.
"Do you want to fly commercial after being on that plane?" Bruce must have frowned a little bit, so Lara took it as agreement. "Exactly. Besides, I don't have the money to fly commercial. I'll take the free ride on the private jet."
"You'll see why when you get down there," Tony said. "Just listen and do what they tell you. Also, watch your step." Lara still looked confused, but nodded nonetheless.
Anyone who doesn't understand what I'm talking about obviously isn't familiar with the Boondock Saints. To which, I say thank God. (I recognize that it is not objectively a good movie, but I still can't help but love it.)
"Fine," Lara dismissed as she forced herself to sit up. "Probably need a shot of insulin, but fine. What time is it?"
"I might have said…" Tony stopped short when he caught sight of a familiar figure standing in the doorway. "Steve." The man in question gave a nod of acknowledgment and shifted uncomfortably, leaning against the door.
Remember kids, murder pranks never go wrong. Just search "Murdered My Girlfriend Prank Corey Scherer" on Youtube! That prank went great!
"Your absolutely certain about this?" Hill lifted her gaze from the letter's protective housing and turned it to Bruce and Betty. The latter of the two nodded.
She let her emotions get to her. She recognized that. She also clearly crossed a line in interrogating Sharpton and confronting Subarian. It had been a long time since she had lost control like that and she couldn't help but think that maybe her emotions had compromised her, just like the Red Room said they would.
Thank you to mfaerie 32 on FFN for the follow and the reviews and shekelash on AO3 for giving kudos! You guys rock! :)
Tony focused in on the man's face and tried to compare it with all the images he could recall seeing of Captain Rogers over the years. However, it had been a while since he had seen a photo of Rogers, plus the oxygen mask that was covering half his face was doing a rather good job of obscuring the man's features. Likely, this wasn't Steve Rogers and S.H.I.E.L.D. was pulling a fast one on him to get information on the Super Soldier Serum. Then again, if it was a ruse it was clearly an elaborate one. In fact, S.H.I.E.L.D. would probably have an easier time trying to hack into JARVIS' systems than they would have slapping all of this together (and Tony would be long dead and buried by the time they managed to crack the first layer of security protocols he had set up, never mind the other three-hundred layers that laid beneath.) So, Tony was torn. On the one hand, this was way too much effort to be exhausting to get a tiny bit of information that he didn't even have. On the other hand, Tony couldn't stop that old saying from ringing in his mind.
"I was attacked," Carol said. "Cornered by two women with powers. I had no choice but to fight back."
Lara went down a second hallway to the local elevator that serviced each floor within the penthouse. As she hit the button to call for the elevator, she realized there was something that she should probably do.
When she told Tony her story of hitting rock bottom and making the decision to go into recovery, she left certain things vague not out of an unwillingness to explain, but more because her brain just couldn't pull up certain details. Luckily, Tony didn't press her to share more specific details, but at the same time, one had to consider that he was as drunk as a skunk and it probably didn't even think to take the story at anything other than face value. She didn't have that kind of benefit with these other "Avengers," though. They were perfectly sober and able to use their critical thinking skills, much to Carol's dismay.
"The CDC cleared that kitchen along with the rest of the Tower," he pointed out. "It's safe to go in there."
"Why?" Peggy asked. Tony bit his lip. He just couldn't say it. "Are you afraid you'll get in trouble for something?"
"Start with the most annoying, pain-in-the-ass thing you have on your plate right now," Lara advised. "Whatever it is, I'll get it out of your way and done." Pepper closed her eyes for a second to think, but that one second was all that was needed for everything to go to hell.
"Regardless, all we can do now is damage control and taking preventative steps," Pepper said. "Looking for a single person to blame is just juvenile and a waste of time."
Lara was clearly upset about something. Whether or not it had anything to do with the topic at hand, Tony couldn't be sure. He just knew the first time he saw her after breakfast that something was off. She had her hair tied up in an extremely tight bun that looked like it hurt, and she kept her gaze hard, no matter who or what she was looking at. As the meeting went on, Tony did notice that her hand kept drifting to the pocket of her messenger bag where she usually kept her personal cell phone. That eventually led him to the conclusion that it was something having to do with her ex. Once he figured that out, he felt the pulsing in his temple increase. He just hoped it didn't come to affect the workday. As much as he liked Lara, he didn't need her ex coming in to threaten her and cause problems. They already had enough problems to sift through. No one needed that.
"My friend Todd did," Lara said. "And she introduced me to Phil and Melinda, who ended up being very helpful contacts to have in my line of work. Speaking of which, where is Melinda?"
He sat up and rubbed the sleep from his eyes. He hoped it was Tony coming down to see him. He wasn't sure why, though. Maybe because Tony was the first person he saw? Regardless, Steve knew that likely it wasn't Tony coming down the stairs. That would be too good to be true…
to see her. With a brief handshake, Everhart sat in her seat while the producer hustled over to him with a microphone, clipping it to his shirt and handing the main hardware piece of the device over to him to secure to his belt. After a brief test to ensure it was working, the producer stepped out of the way, allowing him to sit down.
"No, no," Steve said. "You don't want to know." The look he gave Lara pleaded with her not to speak. Getting the message, she nodded and turned her attention back to her laptop screen. Barton still appeared to be confused, but a few hand gestures from Romanoff seemed to fix that. He pulled the puppy in his arms closer to his chest and gave Lara a sympathetic look.
Onscreen now, however, nothing nefarious seemed to be happening. At least, as far as Rhodey could tell. Someone's shadow could be seen in the corner of the screen, clearly humanoid in shape. The person the shadow belonged to stood off-screen for a good couple of minutes, before they slowly started to step into frame. Almost right away, Rhodey noticed that there was something familiar about this person and a sinking feeling began to slip into his gut.
"This woman," the officer said, pointing at Lara. "Claims to be the personal assistant of Tony Stark. Can you confirm that what she is saying is the truth?"
"I could be with him, at least," he said. "That much, I could do. Here, I'm just absolutely useless."
Still, Loki's eyes couldn't help but drift to the gem at the center of his scepter. Supposedly, it was a part of the Tesseract, or at least powered by it. Loki didn't believe that, though. Whenever he reached out to it with his magic, it felt much different than the Tesseract did. The Tesseract felt smooth, swirling, with a slight current to it; almost like water draining through a funnel or an interstellar vortex. The gem in his staff, though… It felt much different. It felt rough, twisted, churning… It made him think of the roots of an old, gnarled tree only much less tangible than that. It also felt like fire and electricity… He had seen Thor strike down an opponent once with a bolt of lightning and immediately after the unconscious person fell backward into a burning pit below. How he had imagined the pain of that was exactly how that gem felt. It struck both fascinated awe and unimaginable terror into Loki at the same time.
Despite saying that he was still happy that Steve decided to hover close to him in case he stumbled and fell, and when he did Steve was right there to catch him. From that point on, Steve guided Tony back to his seat, keeping one hand on his shoulder and the other hand lay gently on the small of his back. Tony grinned as he sat back down in his seat.
Before she could say anything further, the elevator's bell chimed, and the doors opened. Tony stepped out of the elevator at a pace faster than either Pepper or Lara could (or were at least willing to) keep up with. Tony only wanted one thing in that moment, and that was a reassuring hug from his boyfriend. He couldn't have that in public, but he'd be damned if anyone tried to keep him from having that in private.
"Not that kind of sick, honey," she said. "You're not that kind of sick, and even if you were I would never allow you to be put into an asylum. They would have to step over my dead body first. I would never let you be treated like that. No one should ever be treated like that."
For about twenty minutes she laid awake before she realized she wasn't going to fall back to sleep. Seeing as it was only thirty minutes or so before she needed to be up anyways, she gave up on sleep and started to get ready. Having showered the night before, all Lara really needed to do was get dressed and put on her makeup. By the time she finished, the hotel's phone rang, notifying her of her scheduled wake up call.
Tony could see Freeman and Lara out of the corner of his eye. Freeman gave him a thumbs up while Lara – despite her anger with him earlier – was trying to look as reassuring as possible. Tony appreciated that as he focused his gaze on the woman in front of him. The producer told them they were rolling, and a plastic smile came across Everhart's face.
However, in the fall out of his umpteenth near-death experience, he realized how much his actions had hurt the people around him, especially Pepper. So, in the weeks following he tried to be at least more honest with her if anything to amend and restore their friendship to where it was before. He no longer had intentions of pursuing a romantic relationship with her. He couldn't, not after what she said to him.
"He's the one who works for Stark Industries, Brother." Now he could recall. Duane Freeman. He was one of the most significant sources of income for the church. Everything he made went into the collective community pool, as did every other member of the churches. However, he made the most out of all of them. Technically, Salinas made more, but he was only required to add what he made from farming and his earnings as a Congressman. Any other ventures he had, he could keep the profits from to himself, leaving Freeman as their big earner. However, his money wasn't the reason Adoniram had taken an interest in him as of late. No, he was more interested in Freeman's connections to Stark Industries and – more importantly – the Avengers.
It was the truth. He knew if he got drunk again, he'd lose Steve. Steve hadn't said anything directly like that – neither as a statement nor a threat – but there seemed to be an unspoken understanding between them that if Tony started drinking again, Steve would leave. It was especially clear after those days Tony spent going through withdrawals. Although Steve was as careful, loving, and supportive as anyone could be when their partner was going through that, it was clear that he couldn't be put through it again. It would break him. In all honesty, though, Tony didn't think he could survive going through withdrawals again – Steve or no Steve.
His idea was a good one, and it might have worked, too, if he only had a knowledge of chemistry beyond what he could vaguely remember learning in high school. As a result, his arms were badly burnt, he was locked away in a federal penitentiary, and he missed the most important years of his young daughters' lives. That was the worst part about all of this. His daughters – who were only five and one years old at the time of his arrest – had to grow up without either one of their parents was just plain unfair. He hadn't done anything wrong. He was just trying to provide a life for his girls, but instead, they were snatched away from him.
"Relax," Tony said. "I promise you, Steve will be fine. I won't take him anywhere crowded or that would upset him and if you don't trust me, you can track him, right?"
The movie continued without incident. Shortly after eating, Clint nodded off and he was soon followed by Steve, Tony, and Natasha. Lara managed to stay awake with Bruce until the end of the movie. Once the credits started rolling, Lara stood up and stretched.
The Avengers suffered a bio-terror attack, Clint and Nat are in the hospital, Freeman tried to slander SI, Lara's paranoia-induced insomnia caused her to fall asleep at work, and Steve and Tony got a little frisky. ;)
"So why are we going down to D.C. so early?" Bruce asked. "I mean, I know it's to do press, but can't we do that from New York and go down for the State of the Union on Tuesday?"
"Only Carol Danvers can do that," Fury remarked. "That's all the proof I need, but if you need a little more, I think we can work something out."
"Oh, I'm starting to want you to make me." Despite how angry he was, Tony had to admit that he was starting to get a little bit turned on. He found his eyes starting to scan Steve's body…
He hoped the last memory he'd leave his kids with wouldn't be of a kiss on the head each and a promise to come back safe and sound this time. Breaking that promise would sting worse than any of the other promises he'd made and broken in his lifetime.
"That has yet to be determined," Agent Duran said. "For right now, all I can tell you is that this mystery rock might have something to do with an investigation I am currently running. Is it alright if I ask a few questions?"
It all started because Anne Barnes, Bucky's mother, had told Steve, Bucky, and Bucky's sister Rebecca to go play outside while she talked to Steve's mother, Sarah Rogers. Steve and Bucky were just fine with that. Even though Steve couldn't run around much due to his asthma, they could always find something to do. However, Rebecca just had to be a brat about it.
"I don't know," she admitted. "But it has to be something, right?" Slowly, Natasha nodded in agreement.
"That you didn't care about anything when you were drunk, and people liked you better when you drank." Tony nodded in agreement to that and urged Steve to go on. "You said no one values you for anything other than a paycheck and free tech."
Graciously, Nina had offered her cell, home, and work numbers to Duran in case they either needed information from her or they found Oswin's body in the wreckage of the house. Dialing the first two numbers only gave her voicemail. As she stepped out of the DSS offices, she called the number and was informed by a receptionist that Nina had gone out to lunch. Stating that it was an urgent matter and handing out her falsified Homeland Security credentials over the phone, she got the receptionist to reveal the name and location of the restaurant she normally went to for lunch. Duran then found herself making a mad dash across LA, trying to catch Nina before she left the restaurant.
"I know how bad it can get," he said. "For God's sake, I just finished going through withdrawals yesterday. I know how bad it can get and I know it can happen again. I don't want it to happen again, but I know it will."
"I don't know," Tony said. "Any of them. Hell, I'll even sleep on a deserted beach on Long Island. That was more of a home to me than any of Howard's houses."
"I do," he said. "I want to be there for Betty, but…" He shook his head. "It feels surreal. Like it's from another life that's not my own, even though it is. I mean, I wouldn't be what I am now if that wasn't a part of my life, but at the same time, it feels… Foreign interacting with it, alien almost. Do you…" He frowned before looking back at Lara. He knew what her reply was going to be, but he still had to ask. "Do you understand?"
"Really?" she questioned. "Are you sure it's not 'Arrogant' or 'Narcissistic' or 'Pain-in-the-Ass?'" Tony's face fell flat.
A letter was opened containing a fine, white powder, exposing Clint, Tony, Steve, and Natasha. Clint and Tony have been taken away by the CDC as they are the most likely to have contracted whatever disease may be inside. Meanwhile, Avengers Tower has been evacuated.
"Holy crap," was all Bruce could manage to say. His thoughts were reeling as he tried to comprehend the reality of the situation. There was a moisture strip included with the envelope. The only reason someone would have done that would be to keep the powder hydrated and alive, meaning that the powder was alive. Only bad things could come from that.
"I can't comment on that," because he knew S.H.I.E.L.D. would want that kept quiet, too. Everhart didn't seem deterred, though.
"I think I have a bottle of Peppermint Schnapps at the bar," Tony said. "It's not Listerine, but it tastes enough like it. That's good enough, right?"
First, P1 stood for penthouse floor one, meaning the Avengers were somehow involved with this emergency. Great. Secondly, the receptionist had called a "Code Orange." Lara couldn't remember what that was. She knew all the codes to activate emergency protocols (which were largely numeric) but their technical names eluded her.
Things were silent for a while. The tension between them was palpable. Clint seemed like he wanted to argue against that, but deep down somewhere, he knew Natasha's words to be true. He wasn't responsible for Loki's actions and he needed to stop blaming himself. Nat hoped that those three words would be enough to get her point across. She heard Clint sigh as he turned his attention to the wall beside them.
"Just stay with me." Tony smiled and brought Steve's hand up to his lips, pressing a kiss to his knuckles.
"No, no it's fine," Lara assured. "It's just… An argument he made reminded me of something I'd rather forget. That's all it was. Not something worth talking about." Bruce gave her a concerned look but nonetheless nodded in understanding.
"My head hurts," he admitted. "But other than that, I'm just tired." He had spent most of the night waking up, realizing he still had a headache and then forcing himself to fall back to sleep. Rationally, he knew he was hungover, and that wouldn't work, but at the same time, there was a small part of him that hoped that if he just kept his eyes closed for just a little bit longer, the pain would go away. The one bit of comfort that he could find was that this wasn't nearly as painful as the headaches he had gotten from aplastic anemia if that could be considered a comfort.
"I don't think someone with a mush-brain would be able to consciously decide to do three laps through the kitchen and hallway," Natasha pointed out. "Especially not after they just nearly died from Ebola-H5N1."
"Are you ready Captain Rogers?" they asked. Steve looked confused for a second before it dawned on him.
"Um…" she giggled. Even though she was beyond drunk, the distinct tones of either an English or Australian accent marked her voice. "I think I'll have a vodka martini with a twist."
Tony opened his eyes. The brightness of the room instantly made him snap them back shut. He groaned and reached out for Steve. He found the space Steve normally occupied empty and frowned. It wasn't even warm, meaning Steve hadn't been there in a long while if he had been there at all. He got his hopes up when he heard someone step into the room, but they were dashed when the person spoke up.
"You need to calm down, Sarah," she said. "Those people are sick anyways. There's nothing you could do to help them."
"To make it blend in!" she exclaimed. "Whoever did this probably dropped it in a public mailbox and kept Newark as the city in the return address to keep the initial mail carrier from noticing!"
"What?" Mrs. Barnes turned and looked at her son with a furious gleam in her eye. "James Buchannan Barnes, you know better than to hurt your sister! I'm ashamed of you!"
"We needed all the electrical outlets available to power the machines," he said. "Unfortunately, you're in for a long wait. It's going to take anywhere from twenty-four to thirty-six hors for the blood test results to come back."
take a secret like that lightly. Even if he died before her (which he technically almost did,) she'd be sure to take it to her grave and have it buried with her very well and good, so no one would ever find it. Yet, she had told Tony. Why? What had happened that pushed Peggy to reveal that and if Tony knew why didn't he tell S.H.I.E.L.D. or any of these doctors what he was?
It didn't make sense, seeing as he agreed with her. Tony needed to go back to the hospital, ASAP. He did seem a little better after spending some time resting, but the fact that he was struggling to even walk on his own told Steve that he was in no shape to go running into a fight. In the end, it didn't really matter. He made an impulsive decision and now Tony was going to get hurt or worse. Even if he wasn't wrongly attracted to him, Steve would still feel horribly guilty for that. He could have stopped Tony from doing something stupid, but instead, he let him get what he wanted. He looked up at Natasha, who had a fire in her green eyes.
"Then let's begin." Carl's face became expressionless, only serving to unnerve Lara further. She was willing to write this off as well, thinking he probably had to do that to prevent causing some sort of interference with the test results. At least, that's what she hoped. "You would describe yourself as honest."
"Uh, good morning, sir." Clint tried to sound as pleasant as he could, but the look of pure fury on his face made it clear that being pleasant wasn't going to be helpful. "Or maybe not so much."
"No," Freeman assured. "I'm doing this to protect you. If there's something you don't want to talk about, now's the time to say something."
"Good morning to you, too." He obviously wasn't very enthusiastic upon waking. "Do you have a map and a phone book I can borrow."
She did her best to look afraid as one of the lackeys grabbed her by the jaw and held her mouth open as he tilted her chair back. She was getting ready to make her mistake when she heard a cellphone ring. She heard the other lackey answer it and hand it off to his boss, saying in Russian that it was for her. The lackey pulling back her chair lowered her back onto the ground and Natasha watched with slight amusement as a frightened expression came across her captor's face as he stepped forward and put the phone up to her ear. As Natasha managed to situate the phone between her shoulder and her ear, a familiar voice came over the line.
." Tony squeezed his eyes shut and pinched the bridge of his nose. There went his good mood for the day.
Knežević dropped to his knees. His throat was raw, and his eyes were damp with tears. Only two thoughts ran through his mind.
She then led them to a medium-sized room whose lights had already been turned off for the night. As soon as they arrived at the threshold, Tony pulled Viv to the side and handed her a bill of unknown worth. Steve caught something along the lines of "give us a minute," but he let the conversation go over his head as he stepped further into the room. The lights came on automatically to reveal photographs and memorabilia all relating to Captain America.
"It's alright," she assured. "I know the house exploded. I saw it and I got out in time. I'm alright. Nothing happened. I'm fine."
"'I'm going to miss the flight,'" Pepper quoted. "'Leave without me. Nothing's wrong. See you Monday.'"
"It's powered by an arc reactor," Bruce explained like he didn't already know. "A self-sustaining energy source. That building will run itself for, what, a year?"
"Still, that's huge, especially considering she hasn't been in the field since Bahrain…" A small smile came across Clint's face. "I'm actually kind of proud of her." Natasha reflected that smile as she sat down next to him.
"Um, well…" Hesitation gripped Lara like a vice, trying to keep her from pushing words out of her mouth. She fought against the current hard, needing to get what happened out in the open air as soon as possible, at least so she could survive. "We were standing in the hallway of our apartment building. We live on the second floor, so there's a set of stairs there. When I… Hit… Him… I, I was standing at the top of the stairs, but facing away from them. We briefly argued about the fact that I… Hit… Him… Which led him to retaliate by pushing me down the stairs."
The Other watched as Thanos turned around, a wide grin spreading across his face. That look communicated only two simple words, words that would change the universe: challenge accepted.
Loki groaned as he hit the ground. For the most part, he was okay. It just knocked the wind right out of him. Still, Thor didn't have to throw him
"Thanks," he said. "But for the record, I don't like to be handed things. Why are you doing this, anyway."
"Uh, no one sir, as of yet," the officer said. "This is about a different matter. We received a call this afternoon from a Miss Lara Conroy claiming that she was an employee of yours and that she walked into your house to find it ransacked." Tony's eyes lit up like Christmas lights. "If you don't mind, we'd like to ask you a few questions."
"That's good," she said. "Just more evidence that he couldn't have left the hotel. That's good." Lara turned back to Bruce. "And you haven't seen him at all? You're sure about that?"
"He was oddly cooperative," she said. "From what I've read about him, I half-expected him to throw on the Iron Man suit, kick us all out, and try to investigate it on his own, but no. He cooperated fully and didn't put up much of a fight. It actually surprised me."
"Do you think this is funny?" he asked. "Do you know what a pain in the ass it is to reset this thing? I don't get paid enough to do this! I break my ass all day to fix shit for your rich assholes and I make less than minimum wage! I have a wife and kids to feed! Hell, they aren't even my kids! I'm taking care of some other asshole's kids on a wage of fewer than seven dollars an hour! Do you think I want to deal with this shit? No, of course not, but you assholes have to keep fucking with the elevator and break it just because you think it's fucking funny. Well, let me tell you…"
After being frozen in ice for 65 years, Steve Rogers was finally found by S.H.I.E.L.D., surprisingly alive. Unsure of the best way to defrost the Super Soldier, S.H.I.E.L.D. called in Tony Stark - the son of Howard Stark, who was instrumental in the process of turning Steve Rogers into the hero, Captain America - for help. When Steve awoke, the first person he met was Tony, and to say things got complicated from there would be an understatement...
The entire notion of that made Rhodey feel six different kinds of sick. Firstly, it implied all gay or bisexual people were diseased, which could not be further from the truth. Secondly, it made Tony sound like a complete idiot. Tony was very aware that AIDS was an epidemic and took great care to use protection with
Stark pulled his hand away from his face and scooched his chair closer to the cabinet behind his desk. He pulled back one of the paneled doors to reveal a mini fridge hidden inside.
"You're okay," Steve tried to assure him. "You're safe." Tony wanted to believe him; he did. However, he knew he was standing on the precipice of one of the worst arguments of his life. He was about to lose his boyfriend. He knew it, and nothing could convince him otherwise.
After agreeing upon that, the next section of the forum was a symptoms checklist. That was easy enough as Tony only had to answer yes or no. He kept his own self-assessments and the observations of others in mind as he answered each one. He didn't think he was feeling depression, loss of interest, or any inability to feel enjoyment from normally pleasurable things, and he could give a hard no to things like "crying spells," "hallucinations," "suspiciousness," and especially "decreased libido." Other things, though, he knew he couldn't say no to.
After parting ways with Bruce, Lara set out to find Pepper. Seeing as Tony was otherwise occupied, Pepper was the next person she knew to defer to. Finding her proved to be a challenge, though. Apparently, rather than telling her straight out that they didn't know where Pepper was, everyone Lara approached seemed to find sparing her feelings of more importance. They'd lie to her, saying Pepper was at x location when she really wasn't forcing Lara to walk all the way there and get lied to by the next person she asked. If she wasn't fully aware of the situation she was in, she would have gone postal on somebody.
Sliding his key in and hitting the button for the penthouse, Tony stepped back to the rear wall and leaned against it, shutting his eyes. There was only one thing he wanted right in that moment and that was to be in Steve's arms. It felt like forever before he heard the chime that indicated that the elevator had reached it's intended destination, and when it did, Tony felt a small relief come over him.
Giving orders for the rest of the S.T.R.I.K.E. team to stand down, Steve rushed to the location of Subarian's lab. Unsurprisingly, he found Natasha standing in the hallway, directly standing in front of the window overlooking the lab. She had one of her guns drawn. Getting closer to the scene, Steve could see a man in protective gear on the other side of the glass, holding his hands up in surrender. This had to be Dr. Subarian. He also noticed that the glass didn't appear to be cracked or broken. Trailing his eyes upwards, he spotted the bullet holes in the ceiling title directly above Nat.
Looking up, he saw that Steve had returned and set some type of high-tech gun down on one of the tables.
"It's not." Agent Duran stepped in front of the rock and ran a finger down it. Annabeth didn't know what she expected to find doing that, but if she wanted proof of the rock's authenticity, she would be more than happy to show her how she came to her conclusion. "I'm going to need to know where you were from noon to four PM Saturday and who else has access to your backyard." The agent turned around to face the homeowner.
"So what?" Pepper questioned. "So, what about the fact that there's no furniture in here either, or flooring?" She stamped her high heel-clad foot on the concrete just to emphasize her point. "Even before you started this whole remodeling project you hadn't even had the floors done."
"Of course, I'm sure," Steve said. "I wouldn't have said it if I wasn't sure." Tony nodded in understanding, but he didn't look at Steve. Steve, meanwhile, turned back to the S.H.I.E.L.D. agent. "So, do we have a deal?"
, it sets a bad precedent and not just for taking my shit. Everyone and their mother will think it's okay to just waltz into my home and business whenever they like. I have enough problems with that crap as it is. I
to do it," Pepper said. "Why don't you hand it off to one of the other Avengers, at least just so they can check for you what's actually inside before you just dismiss it as something you can't handle."
Needing reassurance, Tony flipped his hand around to properly hold Steve's and gave it a squeeze. Steve squeezed back and Tony could not have felt more relieved. If he had Steve's support, Tony felt like he could do anything.
"And for what it's worth, I'm happy for you and Leonard, too. I hope you have a wonderful wedding day." Betty's smile grew wider.
As they were stepping out of the hallway into the lobby, Maria Hill was entering the hotel through the hotel's front doors, wearing a heavy winter jacket over her normal S.H.I.E.L.D. uniform. The four Avengers rushed out from behind the counter to meet her.
"That's assuming this is a bio-weapon," Bruce said, backing up. "This still could be something else."
"You too," Tony managed to force out of his mouth out of sheer politeness. He sat up further on the couch but didn't fully stand to take her hand. Some part deep down inside of him secretly hoped that if he didn't get up off the couch, he wouldn't have to go through with the appointment. It was an incredibly childish thought, but Tony couldn't help it. He got little solace from the gentle squeeze Steve gave his other hand, but not enough to completely calm his nerves. He appreciated it, nonetheless. After that, Dr. Cranston went around and introduced herself to the rest of the group before turning back to Tony.
Carol extended out her wrist and a golden light came out of a sensor. The beam scanned Stark up and down twice before the computer beeped, announcing it had enough readings.
The room was silent as Natasha, Bruce, and Lara exchanged looks with each other. Nat tried to catch Steve's eye, giving him a questioning look, but he did not lookup. Instead, he put his hand on top of Tony's and rubbed his thumb across the back of it comfortingly. Realizing the weight and seriousness of whatever was going on, she relented.
It's time for a party, but Tony might not be doing so hot. He's been sneaking alcohol throughout the day and it might be starting to get out of hand...
Tony had been staring at the video footage for almost two full hours. He kept meaning to get into the shower, but he was so engrossed in figuring out the mystery of the video that he kept putting it off. Every time he rewound the video and played it back again, the still images would switch one second sooner. Tony was wracking his brain for some sort of an explanation for this but came up with nothing. He hoped it didn't just turn out that it was a headache and the flu making him see things. Otherwise, that meant he had just wasted two hours chasing after a red herring. That would just make him feel stupid.
Thank you to RicardianScholar Clark-Weasley for the follow, mfaerie32 for the review, and Star for the guest review, all on FFN, and mangonanas_1 for the comments and kudos on AO3! It really means a lot!
"Understandable," she said. "So, if you want to talk about something else, why don't you tell me who Steve is?"
However – much to his surprise – Clint found himself unable to fall asleep. He closed his eyes, but he wouldn't drift off. Granted, he
"It is," Lara said. "I threw the first punch and while that doesn't justify getting pushed down the stairs, I can't deny that it was the domino that started it all."
"Pretty sure I just got fired." Lara didn't miss a beat. She spoke as simply as if she was ordering breakfast.
you disrespect our beliefs!" the shorter man shouted. "When the Kree bring their war upon this world…"
"Just take the damn pills," she said. "I promise they work. It's what I usually use to get rid of colds since I can't take cough syrup anymore. You'll be feeling
"Why don't you come on up here and give it to us?" he said. "We'll make sure he gets it the next time we see him."
"Is everything a joke to you?" Steve could feel his annoyance rising like someone had placed a chalkboard on his back and started running nails down it. He'd been feeling it ever since he ran into Tony in Germany, but it got better once he wasn't in the other man's presence. He couldn't explain it. Just a week before he couldn't look at Tony without breaking into a wide smile. Now the sight of him made him want to punch him out. It made no sense. Still, he just needed to get through this conversation, get the information he needed, and figure this all out for himself later. Preferably when they weren't at the precipice of a world-ending disaster. Tony couldn't make things that easy, though.
"No, really?" Tony said. "I never would have guessed that the way you came flying into my building faster than the speed of light." Carol let out a bit of a self-deprecating laugh.
"I know," Steve said. "And I'm not scared. I know a portion of it from S.H.I.E.L.D.'s files. I know about how you used to deal weapons and not care who it hurt. I know the man you were before you became Iron Man wasn't an angel and I'm sorry I tried to use that against you when we were arguing earlier because, in truth, you are a good man. You saw first-hand what your weapons were doing to people and you chose to stop it. You chose to save people. You risked your life for all of us; the Avengers, New York, the world, me… In fact, that's kind of what made me get my head out of my ass. The idea of losing you… I just couldn't take it. It made me stop caring about what other people thought and when you came back down to Earth… I was just so happy, and I just couldn't contain it. I need you, Tony. I need to move forward with you, and even if this whole relationship thing doesn't work out, I still need you in my life. Do you… Do you get that?"
"I'm going to find out," Rhodey said as he went over to the kitchen counter to grab his wallet and keys. "I'm heading over there now."
At that point, Steve got the message. So Tony was mad at how distant he was being. Fine. He could be that way. Steve wasn't going to stop. It was keeping them both safe, and he could be just as snide right back.
"No." Steve shook his head. "I couldn't watch. I wasn't allowed to see her at all." Steve took a deep breath before continuing. "Before the serum, I got sick often. I had a few conditions that weakened my immune system and as a result, the doctors wouldn't let me visit her. The last time I saw her, she was leaving for work. She was coughing a lot, but she told me not to worry about it, she'd be fine."
"I'm afraid that I'll lose another part of my family," she admitted. "That it'll hurt too much. That I won't be able to…" Before she could say anymore, Clint pulled her into a hug. Normally, Nat would have resisted the comfort, but it gave her the opportunity to hide her face by burying it in his shoulder.
"Wouldn't that be counterintuitive?" Bruce asked. "I mean, the whole point of talking to the press is to show the public that they can trust us to keep them safe. How can we do that if we're lying to them and avoiding certain topics?"
"It's likely you have another condition in addition to these infections," Rawls said. "Speaking of which, have you been more susceptible to viruses and infections than usual?" Taking a moment to think about it, Tony realized he had been sick far more times this year than he had in years past. He had initially chalked it up the palladium poisoning, but maybe something else was going on.
"You are not that monster." Lara looked at him. She could see what he was thinking clearly in his eyes. She would try to argue with him, but she had a feeling it was a battle of wills she would ultimately lose. As such, she didn't comment on it.
"Yes," Fury said. "Car accident, almost twenty years ago. Howard Stark and his wife were killed instantly on impact."
"Oh yeah," Tony said. "I made a few calls, got them to stay open a little late for us. It's closed to the public right now, though, so there's no chance of getting spotted and recognized by a huge crowd."
This wasn't where he wanted to be. Just hours ago he was the sitting Regent of Asgard with his "brother" banished and his "father" deep in the Odinsleep. There was no one that could stand in his way. Sif and the Warriors Three? Mere child's play. Sure, they were the fiercest warriors in the realm, but they fought mostly relying on their brute strength. Loki had watched them for years. He knew all their weak points and was certain with his agility and mastery of magic he'd be able to beat them easily. Once he "saved" his "father" from being killed by Laufey, Loki would erase Jotunheim from the entirety of the Nine Realms and rule Asgard as he should forevermore.
"Shut up," she murmured, but the slight amount of amusement in her voice made it clear she did not mean it seriously. Bruce laughed.
"Listen," he whispered. "This is going to be the only chance I get to say this, so pay attention. Do not let S.H.I.E.L.D. take blood from you or do any blood tests. As a patient, you have the right to refuse any medical test that they try to force on you. Understand?" Tony pulled back to look at Steve, who nodded. "Good." Tony then reached into his pocket and pulled out a piece of paper that he then handed to Steve. "That's my phone number. Call me as soon as you figure out how to use a phone." Tony started to walk away, and Steve scoffed.
The countertop was the heaviest piece of the bar. The rest of it was made from a lightweight, yet strong wood, so Tony could easily handle taking it apart on his own. However, he didn't stop Steve from helping him. In fact, he appreciated the help. It made things go faster and it felt a lot easier than when he was doing it on his own. Not to mention he got to surreptitiously observe his shirtless boyfriend while he worked. Oh, the fantasies that sparked…
"We'll have plenty of time together once you're done with work," Steve assured. "But right now, you need to get ready, so get on up." Steve lightly patted Tony's side, receiving another annoyed groan in response.
"I always am." Slowly, her grin became more genuine. He was glad she believed him, because he sure as hell didn't. "I should let you go. I think I've monopolized enough of your time."
Without another word, she followed Bruce out the door and left the room. Slowly, Steve started heading for the door as well. Tony felt a wave of panic go through him as Steve set one foot over the threshold.
"No," Tony did his best to push against Steve. Although Steve had the strength advantage, he didn't want to hurt Tony and struggled to find a balance. "I want to go home. I
"No," he said. "I know it's irrational. They're not going to hurt him. They can't and it'd be stupid to try."
He had to resist the urge to laugh. Of course, it would end like this, so pathetic. His one and the only mistake had been that he had underestimated his "brother's" capacity to "change". In fact, Loki couldn't believe that Thor had really changed. It had to be some sort of trick. There must have been some sort of loophole in the enchantment "father" had placed on the hammer, or maybe that mortal woman his "brother" was so taken with had something to do with it. In the end, it didn't matter. He had lost his rightful place on the throne. His "father" was once again King, Thor was once again Crown Prince, and Loki was once again nothing; just a monster that haunts the dreams of children late into the dark night, completely and utterly pathetic.
"Do you need help getting off the plane?" It was an easy question, but it took Tony an agonizingly long time to respond, but eventually he did in a small, almost defeated voice.
"Crystal, ma'am," Tony responded. "And might I thank you for ruining the moment?" Romanoff rolled her eyes.
"She might not," she said. "But I do. Leave the premises now or the cops are being called." Dante held up his hands placatingly.
Her first thought was that it was Dante who texted her. She felt her pulse speed up with panic and anxiety. For a second, she froze, unsure of what to do before her investigative instincts started screaming at her.
"Using your boyfriend's birthday is a little obvious. Honestly, I expected better from you." Tony winced at his own stupidity.
Thank you to Saidra and Senisra for the comments on AO3 and Alltheblackcatsarecool for leaving kudos! You guys rock!
Remember kids, stealing from a superhero is a REALLY good idea. I stole a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup from Batman's trick-or-treat bag last year and nothing bad happened to me!
"We are going to take our campaign against Stark and the Avengers to the next level." Salinas frowned.
As soon as he pushed open the door to the foyer, he could hear loud, lively chatter coming from the kitchen. Taking that as an indicator of where to go, Tony followed the commotion to where the other Avengers – along with Rhodey and Carol – were seated in the dining area. Before he could fully take stock of the situation, Steve stood up, walked around the table, and rushed to press a kiss right to his lips. Tony responded back enthusiastically, smiling all the way.
Tony really didn't think he would, but at the same time he had to admit that deleting the video might be the wrong thing to do. So, after he ended the call with Rhodey, Tony didn't try to get back in the penthouse, even though he heard the door unlock. Instead, he headed back downstairs to face the rest of the day, however painful that may be.
However, the things that concerned him the most were the outright contradictions contained within the files. The report written by an agent named Natasha Romanoff painted Tony as a self-obsessed narcissist who only fought for himself, but that description was in direct contrast to his actions as Iron Man. After all, it was unlikely that someone as self-centered as Tony supposedly was would want or even care enough to do things like fly halfway around the world to save some random village in Afghanistan or stop a psychopath from killing around six-thousand civilians gathered in an exposition center with weaponized drones and a hacked suit of armor. (Steve didn't fully understand what had happened there, but that wasn't the point.) The two images didn't match up in his head and he was having trouble figuring out which version was the real one.
"No, you don't," Rhodey asserted with all the confidence in the world. Tony was about to offer a rebuttal before JARVIS stopped him.
"Though I must ask," Knežević said. "What is so interesting about Nina? Why did she make you stay?" Oswin laughed again but kept a genuine smile on her face as she responded.
"Alright," Jessica agreed, though she sounded somewhat reluctant. "Thanks for the assist, Carol. You didn't have to come. I just panicked."
"Anacin kind of worked," Tony said. "But it mostly dulled the symptoms more than anything. I still had a headache, it just wasn't as painful."
"Let me explain myself better," Freeman said before taking a deep breath. "I'm not suggesting that they could do anything that you can't or that they're better than you in any way. However, the day of ascension is fast approaching. Don't you think we need a bit of an insurance policy?"
People finally seemed to get the message then and began to disperse. Lara, meanwhile, calmly made her way to the elevators. Once inside, she stuck her electronic key into the control panel and hit the hidden button for the penthouse. Hopefully, Tony wouldn't be too angry.
"I'm not," Tony admitted. "I'm scared out of my mind. I'm just not trying to get bogged down by the 'what ifs.'" That last part was a lie and Tony mentally kicked himself for lying to Pepper again. However, it was a lie she needed to hear, so he couldn't feel too bad about it. "Now I know you're upset and scared right now, but can we please talk about something else? Anything else? I don't really want to give too much thought to my eventual demise right now." Pepper raised her head and nodded, pulling herself together.
"Right," Carol remarked as they came to a stop outside the women's restroom. There, Hill handed her a plain, white paper bag.
"He doesn't have his key," Steve pointed out. "He left it in the room." Lara brought a hand to her forehead.
"Whoa," flew out of Pepper's mouth before Tony could even process the question. "You don't think that's what's going on here, do you?"
Steve spent much of the night looking for Tony. When Natasha returned to the table without him, Steve knew something had gone wrong. Natasha told him that she had left Tony by the bar. He was none-too-pleased with that but figured that argument could be left for later. Steve's priority was to find Tony and get him back to the table safely.
"You're not supposed to answer a stalker," Lara explained. "It only encourages them." Clint frowned and made a "hand it over" motion with his hand.
Steve obeyed and slid into the spot next to Tony. He smiled as he pulled Steve into his arms. Steve pressed a kiss to his cheek.
"I'm fine," Tony assured. "I mean, my head hurts, and my throat hurts and the beach is tilting funny, but other than that…"
"You're still afraid that doctors will mistreat Tony because of his sexual preference?" Steve bit his lip, trying to come up with the best way to explain.
While he worked to serve Loki, he somehow felt like he was on autopilot, or more accurately in cruise control on the fast lane. He was in complete control of the car. He knew what he was doing or where he was going, but at the same time, he wasn't really the one making the car go. His foot was off the gas pedal and he could go nowhere but straight to whatever destination he was supposed to arrive at. It was disconcerting, but he couldn't really think on it too much, lest he is forced to sit through his mind's featured broadcast presentation once again. So, he let it all go and just focused on serving Loki. That really was all he could truly do.
"I'm not seeing any- Wait, there!" It sounded like she practically jumped with excitement. "Northwest corner of the building, first floor! There's a room marked 'chem. lab 1.'"
That was all in the past now, though. They had to focus on the present, which was the Q&A session. Although, yes, it was open to the public, every single person had been vetted by SI's PR Department, S.H.I.E.L.D. and a few other agencies. After all, there were quite a few weirdos out there and even more people with just plain bad intentions. It was much better to be safe than sorry.
Tony was still somewhat concerned that Steve sounded somewhat cold and annoyed, but at least he got something out of him. Granted, Tony was the one who told Steve not to speak to him on the Quinjet, but suddenly, he just got really frustrated with the fact that Steve was seemingly giving him the silent treatment. He had no idea why he just felt all his stress and anger spike at the sight of him. Well, at the sight of everyone, really, but mostly just Steve.
In the next half of the second, the anxiety returned full force. His eyes went to the sink automatically and he jumped forwards, hoping to seek out the flask he kept in the cabinet, but he stopped himself. The memories of withdrawal pains were too fresh. He didn't want to go through that again. Besides, Pepper had already taken care of that flask, along with all the others hidden throughout the apartment. He was sure. He checked. Slowly, Tony pressed his forehead against the edge of the sink.
These were only the first ten entries on Tony's list of horrible things that could happen to someone that would keep them from calling you. Normally Tony wouldn't be worried about something as silly as a phone call, but he just wanted to know that Steve was okay. He knew none of these options were even likely. He wasn't teasing Steve when he said that the super soldier probably didn't know how to work a phone. However, writing all of this down did ease his fears a little bit. Plus, it was serving as a good distraction from the thorough chewing out he was getting from the members of the board, so that served as a nice bonus.
"You know, as a superior, you shouldn't rip things out of a subordinate's hand," he said. "Some might categorize that as assault." Pepper did not look at him, mostly because if she did, she probably would not have been able to hold back from rolling her eyes.
"No," Steve said into his clasped fists. He balanced his elbows on his knees – one of which was bouncing – and he was leaning forward to press his fists against his lips. "It's actually worse." Natasha frowned.
"What the fuck happened?" Clint tried desperately not to laugh, but their reactions were making it hard.
"That would've been fine," Steve tried to say, but he couldn't get around the end of Tony's sentence."
"Just because…" He tried to search for a valid response. "I don't know. It's just…" Tony sat up. "Are you okay?"
"There's nothing I can't wrap my head around," Tony said. "But short of a miracle, the only explanation that makes is that this is a trick, and if it is a trick then why you're tricking me doesn't make sense."
"Yes," Tony reluctantly agreed. He hated no win situations like that. "Okay, I'll leave this whole thing alone, but I'm not going to be happy about it."
"It was an accident," he explained. "I was plugging your frequency into my contacts so I could call you in the event of an
"The blood test results came back," Betty said. "Three came back negative, one tested positive for Ebola and H5N1." Bruce swallowed hard.
"Yeah," Oswin said. "Me from a jail cell and her somewhere a thousand miles away. Thanks, but I think I'll be just fine handling it on my own.
"Sure," he said. "I mean, I could try, but did you really have to give him Valium?" Steve had been on that before and he didn't enjoy the experience. He doubted Tony appreciated it, either.
As they arrived on Knowhere, Tarquan volunteered to search on his own for information and useful supplies. The others were to afraid to join him. He searched for hours and unfortunately did not produce any leads on a planet. He was, however, able to replenish the ships food, water, and oxygen stores, so at least the trip wasn't a total waste. He was about to return to the ship when a stranger in a red robe unexpectedly grabbed him by the shoulder.
"He has a fever of 105," Steve spoke up. "He needs to see a doctor before he suffers brain damage or worse."
"Yes," Salinas said. "I got an update from her yesterday. They've nearly completed the testing phase. They're predicting that it will be ready for mass distribution within the next week or two."
He had never wanted to become like Howard. That was his worst nightmare before he discovered his real worst nightmare. Howard had been a very angry, abusive drunk. Tony could hardly recall any point during his childhood where Howard wasn't drunk. He was even certain that Howard had been drinking the night of the car accident. As much as he publicly blamed the car's breaking systems (to the point where he actually bought out the company that made the car just so he could completely redesign that model's breaks as well as many of it's other safety features) Tony knew deep in his heart that it had been Howard's fault. Even if the braking system was defective, it was ultimately Howard's decision to get behind the wheel. It was his fault. He was the reason that Tony's mother was dead, and it would take a lot to convince him otherwise. He would never forgive Howard for that, which was why Tony felt so guilty as he stared at that bar.
"Yeah," Tony responded quietly with a nod. Steve's hand stroked slowly up and down his back before coming to rest on his shoulder. Tony shut his eyes and leaned into the touch. He still couldn't believe that he and Steve were dating now. He was still waiting for the universe to reveal that this was all an elaborate joke and rip Steve away from him at any moment, so he was determined to enjoy it while he could.
Tony was sitting upright before he even fully woke up. He panted hard and his eyes darted around the room. His panic increases as he failed to recognize his surroundings. The dark blue walls and the paintings hanging on them were unfamiliar and started closing in on him. That was until he looked down to his left and saw Steve peacefully asleep in the bed beside him. It was only then that Tony had the presence of mind to try to relax.
Once he woke up and got ready, he intended to pick right back up where he left off. That was until he heard a knock at the door. Before he even opened it, he knew that it was Lara. She more than likely only had a vague recollection of the night before and needed him to tell her what happened, which wasn't a problem at all. He opened the door, but before he could even get a single word out, Lara pre-empted him.
Searching through the room, he eventually found a blank yellow legal pad and set it down on the desk in front of him. Taking a pen in his left hand, he again touched the shard with his right, bringing him back to the platform in the sea.
The HR rep eyed him warily for a moment before continuing with her program. Once everyone turned their attentions back to the speaker, Pepper gave Tony a sharp look. Tony rolled his eyes.
"I don't like this," he said. "I hate whoever called this meeting." Those words stirred up a little more anxiety inside of Steve. Everyone else seemed to wave it off, though.
"Audrey and Stephanie aren't allowed down there," he defended. "The door is always locked, and even if they did manage to get around that, all the hazardous materials are stored up high in a locked cabinet. It's perfectly safe."
After what felt like hours, the President's speech finally came to an end. Everyone clapped as the President was escorted out of the chambers. Once he left, people started to stand and make their way to the exits. Romanoff stood first and gave Tony a hand in getting to his feet.
Steve looked down and away, bowing his head. He felt his chest tightening and his mouth becoming dry. He had no response he could give. Not without revealing that he had homosexual tendencies and was attracted to Tony. However, the anxiety was building in his chest and he couldn't take it anymore. He had to do something to relieve it; to keep his fears from sucking him down completely. He looked back up at Tony. If just getting one worry off his chest would ease some of the burdens, then he wouldn't hesitate to take the chance.
"I don't know about that," Fury said. "But it is powered by the Cube and I would like to know how Loki used it to turn two of the sharpest men I know into his personal flying monkeys."
"No need to be so formal," he said. "After all, you're practically my brother-in-law." Steve laughed, but honestly, he did not mind the idea at all.
"Oh, yeah," Clint said. "I'm doing just peachy, Stark. I mean, I'm probably going to die of a disease that has no solid cure, but other than that, everything's just wonderful." Natasha sighed.
"Dr. Banner has already been notified of the need to evacuate," JARVIS reported. "He is already doing so through the north-east stairwell. It is highly unlikely that he's been exposed in any way."
"I mean," he said. "I kind of took you as the type who would want to know something like that. You know, to either do something about it or revel in it." Clint felt a little guilty as he finished that statement, and rightly so.
"You want to know why I drink?" Tony said. "I drink because it makes me better! I don't have nightmares or flashbacks when I'm drunk! People like me better when I'm drunk! Hell, Howard liked me better when I was drunk! I mean, he didn't like me crashing Porsches and hacking into the Pentagon, but he didn't discourage it either! Now before you say 'Howard would never do that! That's not the man I knew," let me give you a little reality check, Cap! He gave me my first drink when I was nine years old! Nine years old, and this wasn't a little sip of wine for religious purposes like my mom did! No, this was bourbon; the best fine-malt money could buy and an entire glass of it! Do you know what he said to me? He said it would 'put hair on my chest; make me a man,' and you know what, he was right! It did make me a man! It made me not care about what he or anyone else thought! It made me not care about anything! I was more fun! People liked me! Now after Afghanistan, I've found a new purpose for it; it keeps the nightmares away! If I have a bad dream, all it takes is a glass or two of any alcohol and I'm out like a light! It's like a fucking miracle cure made just for me! Feeling stressed? Take a shot! Are reporters prying into your personal life? Take a shot! Torture-related anxiety? Take a shot! Has it finally hit you that no one values you for anything but a paycheck or being the bearer of free tech? Take a shot! Can't look your boyfriend in the eyes because you know in your heart that you're unworthy to be in his presence, never mind receive all the adoration he gives you day in and day out" Take! A! Shot! I'm not this drunk because I want to be! I'm this drunk because I need to be! Otherwise, I'd probably do what I should have done years ago and just fucking off myself!"
"I'm glad you've chosen to accept the position," he said. "I have a feeling you'll do exceptionally well."
In conclusion, Iron Man is absolutely recommended for the Avengers Initiative and world prove essential in completing its goals. However, Tony Stark is not recommended at this time.
The idea caused Tony's stomach to flip and churn in ways he never thought possible. The shaking sensation started taking over his body once again, and his chest felt like someone was trying to stab a hole in his heart with a dull pencil. Steve took notice right away and sat up a bit more, gently placing his empty hand over Tony's heart, like he was trying to make sure it was still beating.
Taking a deep breath, Duran pulled out her secure satellite phone and went into the ladies' room. She hit speed dial number one on her phone and brought it to her ear. She already knew that he wasn't going to like this, not one bit.
"Because you know better than to try to bribe me with sex." Steve shrugged, conceding that he had a point. Tony moved off Steve but stopped himself as he was perched on the edge of the bed, taking Steve's hand in his. "Maybe I'll be able to get out early so we can go right back to having fun," he said. "But in the meantime, please try to get some sleep, dear, okay?"
"Well no, you don't get exclusive access to the White House." Tony mock pouted. "But you do get exclusive access to things that no one else does." The pout turned into a smirk.
Natasha opened the cabinet up, and sure enough, there was an extra set of linens inside. She and Steve spread the blankets over Tony while he stared up at the ceiling. He felt like he was waiting for a bomb to go off. They were kind to him, but with the only outside witnesses gone, he knew they had no reason to keep up the façade. The yelling would start sooner than later, and Tony just wanted it to be over. It seemed like that was what was going to happen when Nat finished spreading the last blanket over him and crouched down beside him.
"If that's all," he said. "We'll be leaving you all to rest for now." Steve nodded and held out his hand to Fury.
The Raël had no conflict with the Kree. They were a peaceful race who only wished to live undisturbed. They never sought out trouble, and trouble never found them. That was until the great plague. Almost no one was spared and unfortunately that was the Raëls' own doing.
"It was mostly something to do," Steve said. "I couldn't go outside as much as I should have or wanted to. My mom had to work to support us. My friend, Bucky – my best friend – he came over to see me as much as he could, but a lot of times I was by myself. Drawing was a good, fun way to pass the time and I ended up getting pretty good at it. At least, according to Bucky and Peggy. I don't really think I'm
"Uh, can you take it out and put it by the elevator for now?" Tony asked. "We'll worry about getting it out of the apartment later. I just want it out of here."
"She said it was okay for me to show it to you," he said before opening the box and extracting a bracelet made of red, white, and black twine with silver beads adorning it. The bracelet looked to be big enough to fit around two adult-sized wrists. Obviously, the girl wanted to be sure that it would fit him. While the crowd "oohed" and "awed" over the bracelet, Barton stuck his hand in the box and began feeling around, probably checking to make sure there were no concealed listening devices. Once he was certain there was nothing off about the package and the crowd had finished pretending to be impressed by the child's work, Barton put the bracelet back in the box, said a few more words to the girl, and then sent her back to her father. Barton then returned to his own seat and sat down, resting the box on top of his lap.
It seemed that the agents had seen the cops coming from a mile away. While two of them worked to re-wire the elevator to get it to work (as they successfully managed to get the control panel off the wall) and a third stood guard, the remaining two set forth down the hall to greet their incoming guests. Lara watched with bated breath as they walked out of frame. She knew with great certainty what was going to come next; an ambush.
"Do any of you know who keeps fucking with the elevator?" he asked. "Because this shit is not funny." A guilty look came across Steve's face as he remembered what Lara had done earlier.
He was going over the evidence report once again. He had it memorized word-for-word, but he was still afraid he missed something. The saying "insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results" was flashing through his mind when the phone rang.
The next procedure was the one that scared Steve the most. At first, he thought that it would be just like the thermometer; like what he was used to, just looking a little different. Once the blood pressure cuff was secured around his bicep, the machine it was attached to started filling it up with air. As the cuff got tighter and tighter, Steve started to fear that it would get so tight it would take his arm clean off. He tried as best as he could not show it on his face, but he wished he could reach for his knife and cut the cuff off himself. Eventually, the machine stopped pumping air in and slowly deflated the cuff, much to Steve's relief. Dr. Fox made some comment about his blood pressure is a little higher than he expected, but Steve gave no response as he considered how lucky he was to still have his right arm.
It was too precious not to see the expressions on Tony’s face changed. He looked more upfront, but much more relaxed. He actually pouted at Steve’s remark, which was even more terrific.
And before he could respond to her words, she swung the door opened and left without saying goodbye.
“I thought that you just kissed me to deflect the nightmares you’ve been going through,” Steve lied.
The figure was trembling, and Steve could feel the trepidation of how Tony had been fighting his own demons and it was painful to see, even he’d undergone the same experience not long time ago.
Steve changed the directions abruptly. With the mission’s targets safely tucked into his shirt pockets, his body finally synced with his mind. He almost ran to the elevator; his fingers were trembling as he pressed the button: the basement of SHIELD, where Tony was heading.
He slept sound, thanks to the painkiller, and woke up to find a new visitor sitting on the sofa, purposely as far as from the hospital bed.
In the vicinity, Steve felt Tony shifting from the sofa. His body was tensed when he felt Tony eyeing on him. He imagined Tony’s eyes staring at his back, and his body shivered but he didn’t turn back.
“You know, after Bucky pulled you out of the water. We couldn’t have found you. We thought you had been drowning so we were focused on the river for a while, until Stark gave us the GPS. Then we could see you lying on the bank, bleeding to death with all broken limps and the bullet holes. It’s the matter of time that you might be dead, and we wouldn’t have found you in time.”
Tony scoffed, his eyes focusing on the screen and laptop while talking to, “he has nowhere to be found.”
Steve had managed to give out his last energy to point out at Tony on the sofa. “Him. Please, help him,” he said before the drug dragged him into the same old darkness, and in a second he was blacked out.
“Exactly,” Tony was typing quickly and some locations popped up, most of them are in Eastern Europe. “Natasha sent me these locations and I’m doing some researches; checking up whether all these places smell like Hydra’s piss. We would pinpoint some two or three places in a couple weeks.”
Tony started kissing his ear lope, his hands tucking in his hair, pulling him close. Their proximity drove Steve crazy as his hand slid into Tony’s pants and touched his cock. Tony’s breath hitched but he didn’t stop kissing Steve’s neck.
In the darkroom, he saw someone moving fast. He heard a voice; a low one, unlike Sam, called the doctor and during the shattered vision, overwhelmed by fear, pain and panic, he heard someone’s calling his name, over and over.
“I’ve been tracking him with all the satellites and radars. The man doesn’t show his tail unless he wants to. I guess he wants some time alone, you know. Some little space and fresh air to figure things out.” Tony wasn’t even looking up. “Don’t worry, Cap. I’m pretty sure your boyfriend would show up when he’s more like his old self.”
It took only a second, when Steve felt the man pulling off from him. The silence broke off, with the sounds of the chair Tony had been sitting on rattled. The man’s face turned pale, apart from his drunkenness. Tony’s eyed were closed to giving a panic attack. He was about to blurt out something, but decided to swallow it down to the throat, as if he wanted to vomit.
Now Steve could imagine what Bucky felt like, caged in Cryostasis chamber, and unfrozen in order to kill. His body wasn’t his own anymore and he hated it, and started to hate himself because of it. The conditions reminded Steve of the time before the serum. When he had spent all of his life trying to prove what he could do but his existence served nothing, but the sense of helplessness.
“I get that you don’t want to talk about it but I hope that you can talk those difficult things to me, because I’m the one who suffers from the same condition. I wanted to apologize for calling you selfish, as you did the opposite of what you’ve believed yourself to be. You’re so much more than just a man in the suit, or a billionaire playboy, Tony. I saw that with my own eyes, and I trust your actions more than your words, and I’d like to do such that from now on, as we are in the team.”
The moment after listening to the sound of his heartbeats and Tony’s breathing, Steve opened his mouth to answer, but Tony kissed him instead.
It was the act of selfishness, but Steve didn’t spare any thoughts to stop himself from what he was doing with Tony. The man was struggling, trying to break free from Steve as he was smacking his lips, abrupt and brutal with Captain’s strength. It’s been a fucking long time since Steve was be able to contain his super serum’s strength for someone because he hadn’t had sex with anyone else except the man in front of him. The long lost, but familiar sense of holding back for someone dear to him even made Steve miss Tony more.
“Good to know that your bedhead makes you look less perfect,” the other man commented. Steve snorted. Still, he couldn’t bare to open his eyes, the eye lids were too heavy, the vision was blurred. Suddenly, he felt pain happened all over his body. Even from the slight laughter at Sam made everything hurt ten times.
Natasha laughed, her posture seemed more and more relaxing when she was with him, which was a good sign that Steve could be himself with her. She shrugged and said, “you may want Tony to supervise you about all the press junkies. Basically, he was born to be an eye candy for all the news.”
He was just bursting to himself, mostly. The pain hadn’t gone away and he always knew it never faded for the rest of his life.
“And just to be clear,” Steve was rubbing his hand on Tony’s goatee, his eyes dancing with amusement. “Bucky isn’t my boyfriend.”
I’m going to tell him. He texted Natasha that night. As he was holding a phone in his hand, he started to write a letter to Tony. He finished it at 2 am. in morning and started to pack some necessaries into the bag. He texted Sam to tell what he’s going to do, that he needs some place to crash in.
Even in the dawn with so little light, Steve could see Tony’s wavering eyes. Tony might have sensed that either Natasha or He seemed so hesitant, but started to speak, slowly.
“And I know what’s falling from the sky feels like. I feel what you’ve been feeling and going through, Tony.”
We look like nomads, except for Nat. I can’t believe she wasn’t born to look like a homeless. Sam had told him one day. Steve chuckled at that thought. Though he found that was merely a comment meant for a joke, he started to change his look; growing beard and dyed his uniform into darker and less patriotic one. They also went under the name ‘nomad’, to hide under spotlights and the U.S. army.
“Well, the SHIELD suit I’ve designed for you has GPS installation. I thought I would still keep tracks on you, Fury’s order.” Tony frigid. “But you changed into the old one to the last mission. At first I thought I was losing you during the flight. On the herricarrier with Bucky, I mean—”
“I thought you get used to it since the war,” Natasha remarked. Her voice was smooth and emotionless enough, but Steve knew it was her way to show some concern. “You file contains a lot of media press and nation tour, you also went with all the girls, acting like a war hero.”
He was almost right about his predictions unless the last two nights he had the nightmares about Bucky screaming in pain as he was falling from the train again.
“I have to go under radar from now on; stay with Fury and other agents, and clean up some SHIELD documents,” she told him as the matter-of-factly. “I’ll stay in touch.”
That night Steve had a series of nightmares. Most of them were about drowning and sinking, mixed with guilt about Bucky, whom he couldn’t save, even he tried the hardest. The man disappeared into the darkness. It was his fault; letting go of Bucky on the train, watching him scream in shock, looking into his eyes and only saw the betrayal in the reflection. The man had been suffering because of him. In the dreams, Bucky screamed in pain, as he was cursing Steve with the most despicable words he’s ever hard, spitting on his face, calling out his name. ‘After all I’ve done to you, you still betrayed me, Stevie. How could you?’
“I’m sorry about him, Cap.” Tony’s voice was low, like a whisper. “I’m sorry for what they’ve done to him.”
“With all tech knowledge to back up that statement, I’m impressed that your guess is close to what’s happening to Mark VII,” of course, whom was Steve talking to besides the man with sarcasm dripping with each word?
When he came to think that his future was now his present. The sense of time reversing suddenly caught him off guard, and at the same time; it was the revelation.
Lying in the small hospital bed together was far from perfect when it came to making out, but they managed. Tony squirmed while Steve was moving to kiss his jaw, down to his neck. “God, Steve.” The man was exasperated. His voice was unsteady, and sounded out of breath, but he didn’t tell Steve to stop.
Tony opened his eyes; his eyelashes were damp and heavy. He just looked at Steve. Wordlessly and slowly, he was about to say something, then he closed his mouth again.
It was uncomfortable, yet amusing seeing Tony Stark could frigid. His shoulders, the jaws’ muscles were tensed up. His posture was totally a mess. His brown eyes were searching all over the room but Steve. It was too difficult to behold the rarest occasion and Steve was drinking in it.
Tony’s body arched so beautifully. His hips bent and thrust into Steve’s hand. Each time Steve reached the base of his cock, Tony’s shoulders slumped as if he was about to melt into his firm hand or even collapse onto the floor. Though his body was so perfect and so welcoming to his touching, Steve could feel that Tony didn’t want to make a sound and resisted to do so. He was breathing hard, making a soft whimper once but didn’t let out a whine or even say Steve’s name. It was so different from Tony whom he used to hear the constant moan and plead, loud and clear –
“Well, I am a war hero,” Steve said, his cockiness earned a smirk and a light punch from her. Then he sighed, taking a water bottle from the fridge and took a huge gulp. “But sometimes they are too much. They don’t regard any privacy and charge me with questions that don’t have anything to do with the Avengers or the fight. They even asked me once I still wear the underwear in the old-fashioned style back in 1942.”
Tony was staring at him with intense. His brown eyes, gleaming in the dim light of the early morning, were fixed at him, even without blinking. With the solid and gratifying expression only could move the mountain, and Steve didn’t even dare to breathe. He recalled it back then, it was the same eyes when they were up close. When Tony had chosen to close the gap between them, as his lips were moving and pressing Steve’s.
Steve didn’t say anything but sipped the water in silence. As a team leader, it had him worried that perhaps Tony would want to go on a solo mission or planned to do something brave and reckless without consulting the team. His personality and his impulsive tendency said a lot about that. But as a friend (Steve took another gulp, and pondered about the elusive term of being ‘friend’ with Tony Stark), he wanted Tony to have some privacy. He knew Tony claimed that he hadn’t been a soldier, but Steve was certain that all the flamboyant surface and narcissistic pasty look, that the man must have suffered from the shattered reality.
Tony seemed to determine to remain silent. He was absorbing into his phone and Starkpad (“I’m not a CEO, but I’m also the engineering scientists and a shareholder, duh.”) Instead of running to buy some snacks like Sam, Tony ordered a lot of food, desserts and refreshments. Steve, right then could sit on the bed on his own, with the healing spine and less fractured legs (“I don’t mind making the prosthetic legs for Captain America though,” Tony implied) wasn’t permitted to eat certain food, but Tony gave him a cheeseburger anyway.
Sam didn’t even budge when he said he was willing to go on the search with him. He also promised he would use his military resources in order to collect all the data about the winter soldier.
“It’s none of your business, Steve.” Tony spat. He put down the liquor and cursed under his breath, “JARVIS, you sneaky little bastard.”
“No, I didn’t mean you. I mean him.” Even using his hands, Steve couldn’t quite understand what Sam was trying to say.
He could feel Tony’s body stiffen, then he shifted and snorted. “Yeah, I know who my dad is, Cap. No need to worry that I can’t remember him.” He sounded so casually, but Steve was overwhelmed by the missing beat in words. Tony was tensed. It was the first time they talked about Tony’s parent since Siberia. The memory that left Steve’s mouth with bitterness. He wanted to make it right.
Steve was silent. He watched her packing some clothes and weapons. She changed her clothes into more casual civilian outfit; the grey hoodie and ripped jeans without make-up. With a backpack clung on her shoulders, she looked more like a college student struggling with the final exams rather than a trained spy assassin.
The other man stared at him. Then gave a small smile, which was more sincere, but not brightly either. “Yes, yes, of course, Cap.”
“Hey!” The man made an accused face. “Don’t give me any of your sass. I’m the one who can legitimately make a snarky comment.”
Steve was anything but a coward. He knew Tony had been avoiding him, and knew that it was so childish but reasonable reflex after that awkward night. Still, it had worried him for weeks because A) if Tony had neither acted normally, nor treated it like a joke (or a cruel joke to taste the limit of Steve’s outdated gender’s view, who knows), it would have been much easier to clear the air between them and B) it was a worrying sign to something going on inside Tony’s head, something Steve hadn’t dared to ask.
The man waved awkwardly at him. He pretended to fiddle on his phone for a while before he slowly tiptoed towards Steve, hesitant.
It was so spontaneous. He was crying for everything that was collapsed: his life-long relationship with Bucky, his loneliness in the present where he always felt out of place, the melancholia and the yearning to the past that transformed itself into his nightmares. All good and precious things he was about to achieve and dreamed about in the past were crippling and worthless, compared to the huge burden he was about to do in the present.
"That may be true," DeMarcus said. "But you're over here leaned back in your chair and pouting like a five-year-old while your assistant is stalking around the room like the theme from
"I confronted Tony about his alcoholism," she finally said. "I know, not the right time or place, but I could tell that he was making people uncomfortable and figured that I should probably get him out of the public eye as soon as possible."
To her right was a wall-mounted mirror. …Or at least what she thought was a mirror. Within moments of walking through the door, half of the glass slid back, revealing a hidden panel and a woman on the other side.
"Good afternoon, Mr. Stark," she greeted as she walked in the room. "I'm Dr. Rawls, head of the emergency department here at West Hills Medical. What brings you here today?"
"Why you're trying to use a dead woman's personal information." Carol could only blink in confusion.
"I can't draw a straight line to save my life," Lara remarked. "That's amazing!" Steve still looked at her oddly.
Clint opened a letter filled with a mysterious white powder, exposing himself, Steve, Natasha, and Tony.
"That won't be necessary ma'am," the officer said. "I just needed that conformation." He turned to the two officers flanking Lara. "You can let her go." Lara visibly deflated as the two guards backed off.
"Alright," he said. "If that doesn't put you in the running for boyfriend of the year…" Steve lips turned upwards, and Tony returned the smile for a moment before looking back down. "Fuck, I'm so sorry for all of this."
"Haven't gotten in the shower yet," he explained. "Been busy with something." Conroy raised an eyebrow.
They watched as all the pomp and circumstance of the State of the Union was carried out. The Deputy Sergeant at Arms loudly announced the arrival of Vice President Joe Biden and the members of the United States Senate. Biden and Speaker of the House John Boehner then named the members of the House and Senate who would be escorting the President into the House Chamber. Then the arrivals of several different important members of the cabinet were announced, and so on and so forth until the big event. A little after nine PM, the announcement was made.
The nuke detonated and soon Tony was consumed by fire and fury the likes of which the world has never seen.
"How is he?" Tony looked up at Natasha. She was standing behind Steve and hadn't dropped the look of concern.
Tony could feel a crack form in his heart. Steve couldn't bring himself to say the words – probably for fear that if he said it aloud, it would happen – but Tony knew exactly what he meant. He was afraid that Tony was going to die; that the only way for him to be free of withdrawal pains would be if he died. It was a dark thought; one that Tony couldn't claim that he hadn't had himself, especially in the thick of it.
The concierge had come up to the room to ask them to leave as soon as possible. Someone had spotted Barton's puppy and told the hotel staff. As a result, they were being kicked out and forced to pay for any damages done to the room. Tony handed the bill to Barton, who broke out into a cold sweat upon seeing the number of zeros behind the five.
"Are you the agent who found him?" Natasha had directed that question at Carol. She quickly exchanged a look with Fury before responding.
There's no salvaging the year for me at this point. Everything's canceled whether it be from coronavirus or political activism and there's really no point in being hopeful or enjoying anything anymore. Crushing disappointment isn't anything new for me, but God, I've never experienced this much of it at once. It's seriously to the point where I'm looking forward to being hospitalized for dysmenorrhea because at least the hospital is an entirely different building from the one I'm normally trapped in all day. *le sigh* You don't want to hear about that, though.
"She worked in the tuberculosis ward at the hospital," Steve said. "She was a nurse and encountered it all the time. She'd never gotten sick before, but I guess her luck ran out. That day, she fell into a coughing fit so bad, she passed out. Her co-workers got her to a bed and the lead doctor in the ward diagnosed her. I found out eventually and tried to visit her, but no one would let me. She was sick for weeks before she finally passed." Comfortingly, Natasha put a hand on his knee, which paused in it's bouncing.
"Uh, no." Pepper's hand moved to adjust a non-existent loose piece of hair. "Actually, could you take a seat? You might want to be sitting down for this."
"And you had a suit of armor to help you with that," Lara pointed out as she poured herself a glass of sparkling water. Unfortunately, she couldn't participate in any of the festivities involving alcohol, but she could always pretend. "I, meanwhile, had no protection and ended up with a second-degree burn on my palm." She held up the wounded hand in question, showing a big, dark, red mark right between her palm and the heel of her hand. It looked like it was starting to heal, but it was obviously very painful for her to ordinary tasks, given how she was wincing as she poured herself a drink.
Steve was absolutely devastated by the words. Even if he knew it was coming, it didn't make them hurt any less.
"I've just never been in an earthquake before," she explained. "I've got to admit, that was a little frightening." Tony nodded in understanding. It had been years since he first experienced an earthquake, but he could remember his own shocked terror at the unexpected event.
"All the more reason to get it out in the open," Rhodey said. "If it is nothing to worry about, we can just tell you so and then you can stop worrying about it." That did make sense, but Steve still felt hesitant.
Again, I feel like I have to beg you, people, not to kill me. Come on, it wouldn't be a story if nothing bad happened! Although, the bad stuff does seem to disproportionally happen to Tony... I need to fix that.
Hoping to distract himself, Steve tried observing what the others were doing. Pepper was quite a way into a well-loved copy of
"And so am I." They exchanged smiles for a moment until Tony finally walked past Steve and into the living room, practically collapsing into an armchair. "Bruce says dinner will be ready in ten minutes."
part of the day. Stark had no shoes or jacket. He did what most normal people would do in that situation."
Steve slowly got up and headed to the kitchen with Tony following closely behind. As promised, he found the food in the microwave. He took a quick peak at the meal before starting it up. It looked good enough and he could find no problem with any of the vegetables, so he shut the door and hit the "reheat" button. He then turned back around to look at Tony, who he was surprised to find was sporting a little bit of a pout, causing Steve to frown.
"Yes," he said. "I was up here at one AM resetting this piece of crap because one of you shit-bags hit the fire button."
"It started when I was eighteen," he said. "When I lost my mom. She got sick; consumption." Natasha nodded.
Slowly letting out a breath, Natasha lowered the gun and put it back in its holster. Relieved, the nurse quickly made her way over to Clint and began running her tests. Nat watched closely, trying to ascertain if the prognosis was good or bad before the nurse even needed to speak. However, it was impossible. The nurse's face was stone cold as she went about her work. It was the mark of a seasoned expert in her field. So, Nat couldn't discern anything. Defeated, she sat up and moved to sit on the edge of the hospital bed and waited for the nurse to finish.
"Yeah, yeah," Tony said. "I know the drill." The nurse nodded and left the room. Both Lara and Rhodey got up from their seats.
He was lying on his back, so he was facing the ceiling. He would change positions so he could see the doctor better, but the intubation made that impossible. As a result, he could only use the doctor's voice to try to discern what his reactions were, and Clint could hear changes in his tone with each answer. Wayne's voice grew more serious and concerned, which terrified Clint.
"Listen," Pepper said. "I don't know how you met Tony or how you got here, but I'm going to have to ask you to leave now. It's almost noon and he's a busy man. He needs to get to work."
Pushing past Bruce, Clint stepped into the stairwell. He had his S.H.I.E.L.D. uniform all zipped up and his quiver was strapped to his back, bow in hand. Before he could go any further, Natasha stepped in front of him, holding out a hand and forcing him to stop.
As it turned out, the frog-man had forgot to mention that the shard was a sort of psychic flash-drive taken from the Kree, and that the Kree were looking for it. Hence why he offered it for such a low price. He wanted to get it off his hands before the Kree came looking for him, and when they eventually did, he just pointed them in the direction of the poor saps who had fallen for his little charade.
Tony didn't realize he had no idea where he was supposed to go until he was halfway down the hall. He assumed everyone was waiting in the lobby, so he figured he should head towards there. However, he couldn't quite remember which way led back to the lobby (probably because he was paying more attention to Steve's butt on the way in,) so he got a bit turned around. Once it became clear he had no idea where he was, he decided to stick to the adage of "if you're lost, stay put." He found a spot on the floor and waited for Lara and/or Freeman to come across him.
"The Supreme Understanding is nothing if not compassionate," he said. "I can put my conversation on hold for now. Tell them to come in." Margot nodded.
"They said Captain Rogers went down with the ship, didn't they?" Hill noticed the medical team preparing to wheel a gurney down the ramp.
"No," Tony said. "I'm not even going to try to deal in valueless currency, so I'll just take the loss."
Once again, JARVIS rewound the video and once again Tony watched as the screen changed from one still image to another with little to no explanation as to why or how. He narrowed his eyes and rewound the video again. There was something missing; something he wasn't seeing. He just needed to keep watching the video until he found it.
Natasha allowed herself to be thankful for a second that she managed to disarm him before Clint pulled out one of the knives from his leg holster. She had been anticipating that and readied herself to go on the defense again.
"It still did damage to the Avengers' accountability and reputation," Adoniram said. "So I still consider it a win. Add that to the fact that rumors are saying that Stark was highly intoxicated on Sunday night, and we've got a pretty abysmal picture to work with." Adoniram turned to Freeman. "I don't know what you did, but it could not have worked out better."
"I know," she assured again. "And I understand that you have reason to doubt her but give her a chance. She could really want to make amends."
The "Avengers" in all their glory stood before him. The beast, the man of iron, the captain, his… Thor, the Black Widow – now wielding his staff – and the Hawkeye, who had an arrow aimed directly at his forehead. Loki swallowed hard. He was no fool. He knew when he'd been beaten; when there were no tricks left to play; when his only option to ensure his own personal safety was to surrender. So, he slowly raised his hands.
Steve had to keep himself from laughing. He knew who Stephen Hawking was. He'd heard Tony mention the guy a few times and he was a featured article on Wikipedia at one point. He just liked seeing people's baffled faces when they realized he didn't get the reference. It was even better when the person he was talking to didn't know he was displaced sixty years in time. However, Steve kept himself from laughing and just gave Coulson a small nod of understanding.
The kitchen was in the very back of the house. Walking in, Carol saw Jessica sitting on a barstool at the counter. The way her ponytail was lopsided and the fact that she was rubbing the sleep from her eyes told Carol that Jess had almost dozed off, too, likely while she was making phone calls since she still had her cell phone in hand. She became more alert when she saw who Carol had with her.
"Yeah," Tony said. "Then you get your Cube back. No muss, no fuss." Suddenly the holographic screen pinged, and a file opened in front of them. "What is Phase Two?" Tony asked as he skimmed the information coming up on the screen. His attention was taken away from the screen when he heard a loud metal
Tony sprung up and ran to the bathroom. He just barely made it to the sink before he threw up. He shook as he gripped the edges of the basin. With each tight clench of his stomach, it felt like he was going to die. Eventually, it stopped, and Tony could finally catch his breath. He tried to enjoy every deep, soothing gasp but a hand coming to rest on his back startled him out of it. He turned to see Steve standing in the doorway, pulling his hand back as if he'd been burned.
Yes, both sex tapes and professionally-made pornographic films got passed around as well. The one thing that could always resolutely be said about the human species is that sex will always catch our attention. As revolting as that statement could be to some, the truth in it could not be denied. "Sex sells" for a reason.
"Of course, he wouldn't," Tony said. "He wouldn't know what he did. Even if he did, he'd probably yell at me for being overly sensitive."
"Two minutes!" A crew member shouted over the organized chaos that was happening around them. Tony stepped into position and a makeup artist appeared from nowhere to touch up the places that had smudged and worn off since that morning.
"Steve," she said. "Please just take a breath and calm down. We're going to find Tony. That's a promise. There's no need to panic. We're going to find him and he's going to be fine."
"All of them." Adoniram smiled. "Every single industry trade secret. Every single shady dealing and off-shore bank account. Everything Stark has tried to keep hidden over the past twenty-one years. Hell, we could probably find dirt going as far back as Howard Stark! The possibilities are endless because we have access to everything!"
"Okay," Lara said at the same time Lucky trotted over to them, ball securely in his mouth. Lara smiled. "Hey, are you going to let me have that?" She reached out her hand to try to take the ball from him but snapped it back as soon as Lucky let out a low growl. It did not sound menacing, but it made it clear that Lucky was not going to give up the ball.
"It's okay," he heard him whisper. The thing was, Tony wasn't hesitating because it was stressful for him. However, he did find it in himself to give an honest answer to the question.
Remember kids, if you wouldn't say it to a random stranger you just approached on the street, don't say it to a celebrity.
"The address is obviously fake," he said. "So why pick Newark? You could make it look like the letter came from anywhere in the world. Why there?" Betty's eyebrows knitted together as she thought the question over. When she came to the answer, her eyes went wide.
Tony always had a thing for flashy entrances. When he walked into a party, everyone had to know he was there and remember him. Not only did it fit in with his lavish playboy façade, but it was also just plain fun. So, as soon as JARVIS notified him that a S.H.I.E.L.D. Quinjet had just arrived in the area, he naturally hacked into their coms system and started to play a little AC/DC. Before the song started playing, he clearly heard the voice of Natasha Romanoff on the coms line. That just made this more perfect.
"I'm still not going to let you draw my blood." Steve's voice was calm and firm; the same one he used when giving orders out in the field. Dr. Fox let out an aggravated sigh.
"You know," Tony said. "Stuff, things… In fact, Agent Romanoff, since you've been kind enough to scope out the rest of the house, why don't you check to make sure there are no 'unaccounted-for individuals' hiding in my basement?" Natasha raised an eyebrow.
"Doesn't matter," Tony said. "If he frees Loki or kills him, the Tesseract's lost." Tony then started to make his way over to the still open rear hatch.
"You're too fast to be stabbed." Natasha raised an eyebrow to that remark but didn't comment on it further. "So, you think she's someone we need to be wary of?"
If you are reading this on Monday, September 2nd, 2019 - the date I intended to publish this chapter - it means what I tried worked and I have nothing to apologize for. If not, I am so, so sorry.
"I know I am." Natasha let out a scoffing laugh. "So, are you going to tell me what's wrong with you?"
"Away," she finally settled on. It had struck her that she had nowhere to take him. They obviously couldn't go to the hospital. Hydra was out of the question. Fury and Hill were the only ones who knew she even worked for S.H.I.E.L.D., never mind was on this mission… Her only choice would be to call one of them and hope he held on until they showed up. It wasn't ideal, but it was better than nothing. "We'll go to the end of the street. I'll figure out something there."
As she carried him to the safe house, it became no question in Carol's mind that Stark was drunk. She could smell it on him. It was so potent that she could feel tears build up in her eyes. How Jessica was able to stand it, she would never know. Well, she did know, but even without her own hang ups, the scent was still unbearable. How much had Stark had?
The officer barely nodded before Lara was up and out of her seat. She didn't need to ask where it was because she already knew. She went back to her workplace after the fight happened. Right away, she called the police and an officer was dispatched to the New York Secret Service office. After that, she tried to call her younger brother, but couldn't reach him. There were other people she could call; her step-parents, her older brother, Todd, but they were respectively in Boston, France, and on assignment on Air Force One, so she couldn't expect them to immediately come rushing to her rescue. So, she had to go through all of this on her own, as usual.
The next four decades Adoniram spent trying to get as many people to join his church as he possibly could. The first thing he did to try to further that goal was to relocate to New York City. Since it was one of the largest cities in the world, he had the potential to reach the widest audience. He held different religious events, such as faith healings and conventions that boasted acceptance of all denominations of Christianity, but pushed people to try and join his movement, the Peoples Unity Church of the Supreme Understanding. Many of his churches were set up in low-income areas and neighborhoods with high minority populations. He piggybacked on the civil rights movement, promising equality for all and even asked all attendees to come dressed in their everyday attire, so that way poorer members wouldn't feel alienated or lesser.
Unfortunately, Happy had the previous two nights off and had not gotten any of the usual last-minute calls from from a completely drunk Tony needing Happy to drive him from whatever party or bar he had stranded himself at. For normal people, it was considered a good thing for this not to happen. For Tony, it was highly unusual.
Basically, if I screw anything up with anything having to do with science, don't blame me. Blame "no child left behind." I swear to God, the only reason I graduated high school is because that law exists.
Getting a proper look at Tony, Steve couldn't help but be taken aback by what he saw. First, he was gorgeous with his hair clinging to his forehead thanks to the dampness of the shower and the loose-fitting plain sweats that S.H.I.E.L.D. had provided them all with. Secondly, he looked out of it. There was a fog over his eyes that he seemed to be fighting with all his strength. It didn't take long for Steve to come to the obvious conclusion – they had drugged him. That truly ticked Steve off. Nonetheless, as soon as Tony's eyes connected with his, a bright, if somewhat silly smile came across his face. That reassured him a little bit, but not much.
Steve's heart started up again as the elevator doors opened. All he could see was Tony. A look of clear apprehension crossed his boyfriend's face as their eyes connected. Steve realized that Tony was probably afraid that he was angry. He hoped those worries were dashed when he crossed the threshold and wrapped his arms around him.
Tony obliged, shifting a little bit in Steve's arms before resting his head on the pillow and sliding his eyes shut. Steve nuzzled his face against the top of Tony's head and gently pressed a kiss to the corner of his forehead. Tony gave a little hum of approval and Steve started running his fingers through his hair again. All was quiet for a while and Steve thought that Tony had finally drifted off. He was proven wrong about that when he heard Tony's small, sleep-addled voice speak up.
"Okay," he said. "But if you really can't hold it back, say something." Much to Tony's surprise as they came to a stop inside the elevator, he felt Steve's lips press against his cheek.
"I know," Steve said. "I also know Tony wouldn't want people seeing him like that. God, it was bad…"
"Regardless," Fury said. "That still doesn't make it okay. Once the Captain has all his wits about him, he's going to realize that something is wrong and that's going to make it a whole lot more difficult to explain to him that he's been frozen for the past sixty-five years.
"I know I have to say I'm sorry," he said. "For yesterday, the day before, everything in between… But…" He frowned. "I can't. I mean I can say the words, but I feel like if I said them, they'd be meaningless."
This tactic made it easy to see why Freeman would suggest recruiting the Avengers. After all, he'd seen the power of celebrity work before. If they got the Avengers to joint the Peoples Unity Church, they would certainly see an uptick in recruitment like they had never seen before. However, it couldn't be done. Adoniram had already painted the Avengers in a villainous light to his already established followers. If he were to do a one-eighty and recruit the Avengers into the Church, then he would be risking losing the established group. Although his brainwashing techniques were thorough and intense, Adoniram wasn't arrogant enough to think it was perfect. It could and had been broken in the past – hence why he always said, "
"0.5?" She questioned. "I don't even get a whole percentage point? I was the one who had to sit on FaceTime with you while you told me which wires went where."
"No," she said. "I mean I literally flew into the building less than fifteen minutes ago." Bruce's eyes widened.
"Excuse me?" he said. "We just had one of our biggest avenues of publicity cut off! Do you know how many people joined us because they saw our services in and around Avengers Tower? This is going to be a detrimental blow to our recruitment efforts! How can you be so nonchalant about this?"
"What is going on? What…?" A semi-look of disbelief crossed her face as she turned to look at Barton. "Since when did people start asking each other in interviews about their underwear?" Barton laughed, but it was clear that it was more out of discomfort than anything else. Romanoff turned to look back at the guy who had asked the question. "You know what, I'll leave it up to your imagination, okay? Whatever you feel like I should be wearing or not wearing under that outfit." Quite a few people gave her a round of applause for that answer while the man in question was led out of the auditorium by university staff. That was nothing compared to what Tony had felt like had been the biggest whammy of them all, though.
"Already one step ahead of you, Stark." Romanoff too had pulled out her phone. However, she had started covertly surfing the web under the table as soon as Freeman had introduced Salinas. "Eduardo Salinas, born on April 28th, 1965. He's a Congressman representing New Jersey's Tenth District and the son of Mexican immigrants. He was chairman for Newark's Urban Health Advisory Committee and founded the Essex County Instruction Program for Pre-School Youth in 1994. He was elected to Congress in 2008."
"I would be concerned if you didn't." Dr. Fox finished fiddling with the equipment and stepped back into view. "Like I said, valium is a sedative. It's supposed to make you feel drowsy. In fact, I was surprised that you didn't fall back to sleep as soon as you woke up."
"You also very clearly have a post-nasal drip." Rawls let Tony close his mouth and took a step back from him. "I feel fairly confident in saying that you have an upper-respiratory infection, which led to a strep infection in your throat and a bronchial infection in your lungs. I'm going to need to do a throat swab to confirm the strep but given that we can't do a chest x-ray to confirm the bronchial infection, we're just going to have to hope for the best on that. Your lungs did sound like they were filled with fluid and the post-nasal drip is pretty indicative of where that fluid came from, so I feel confident in giving that diagnosis."
"Gah!" Tony shook his hand to stabilize it. Somehow, it worked. "Look, it's not like I have much of a choice. I'll be lucky if this suit lasts until we reach the tower. I already have plans drawn up for the MK9, all I need to do is buy myself a few minutes while JARVIS assembles it. Once I've gotten my new suit and gotten out of there, the rest of the plan's yours, Winghead. You're calling the shots."
Once dressed, Tony turned around just in time to catch one last glimpse of Steve's perfectly sculpted abs before he pulled his shirt down over his torso. Unable to resist the tease, Tony surged forward and caught Steve's lips in a heated, passionate kiss that quickly turned into a make out session up against the bathroom door. Both pulled away feeling completely breathless, and Tony rested his forehead on Steve's shoulder.
Tony could see what she was doing. He might be inebriated, but he wasn't blind. However, he couldn't feasibly see a way to justifiably deny her request. Frowning, he had no choice but to do exactly what she wanted.
sound warned him as the door swirled open. Steve braced himself and stepped outside. The basement was dark and cold. The area was supposed to be the most top secret for SHIELD. Steve was concerned with Tony’s MIT visiting card whether it would be allowed to access this area, but no matter how vague and sudden their insane plan was, he had no doubt but to follow Tony’s plan by heart.
“Tony’s mansion in Malibu got blown up by some terrorists called Mandarin,” Fury’s stern voice was piercing the coldness into his heart. “He's nowhere to be found.”
Steve was holding him, and kept kissing him until he noticed the man’s resistance subtle and ceased to almost fade away. Tony’s body recoiled; his body language seemed reluctant. He was afraid of Steve. It was no less Tony’s last defend mechanism as his heart was broken beyond repair. It made sense for Tony not kissing him back.
The second time was two weeks after the Homecoming. The avengers were split into small teams in order to help SHIELD agents and the government clean up the city, and cover up the media with the seemingly reliable narrative of what had happened with alien’s invasion in the center of New York and God of Mischief materialized into a real person. Steve paired up with Natasha (he slipped into calling her Nat, like he always used to call Bucky with a nickname, Buck, and she didn’t seem to mind.) They’d been working to corporate with SHIELD agents for the media press and attended the public meeting. But Steve was the one who appeared on all the overages for weeks.
“Natasha and Fury are working on that. They have eyes everywhere. As far as I know; there’s no longer Hydra heads who haven’t been uprooted. Some were the agent living in Switzerland, but hardly in active.”
“Hi, Steve, good to see your enjoy the night but I’m about to leave, so—” Tony was so frigid, his fingers started playing with his tie frantically. But Steve knew him well enough to ignore the excuses. He forced his voice to be calm and patient.
Steve looked at Tony, stood still and was so dumbfounded. Even though the answer was clear but something wasn’t right. His brain was searching wildly, trying to detect some fallacy in the excuse, as if his gut feelings knew it was an excuse, not the truth.
“It’ll get sticky, my hands were already soaking.” Tony said, trembling a little. Steve could feel his body was vibrating with nervousness.
“Well, in case you didn’t notice, I’m quite a busy man. Do you think I have only the Avengers business to take care of? I have more armor upgrades, AI and inventions for SI, I don’t have time to talk my heart out to you. My fault, I know.” Tony pointed at himself, and shrugged, “I should’ve let you know it was no big deal.”
Steve didn’t know how to talk to Tony, or how to act around him. Everything was blurred, but in the meantime, was also like the bright light flashing into his eyes in the moment when Tony leaned down and brushing his lips against his. Metaphorically, it was the briefest, but also the longest moment, because Steve could remember every microsecond when it happened, but also couldn’t believe what just had happened to him, and without any contexts, he couldn’t find the reasons why it did happen. Why did Tony kiss him?
