Bucky and Peggy looked over Steve’s head at one another. He pushed them both backward onto the bed with a huff.
Steve laughed and sipped innocently on his orange juice. It was only when Sam was passing him that he felt a hand fall on his shoulder, and he looked up curiously.
“Tony, relax,” Steve laughed, taking Tony’s wrists and tugging him in closer until he was slotted between Steve’s legs, “it’s fine. I think it’s sweet that your robot is willing to break Asimov’s first law for you. Slightly terrifying, but the sentiment is touching.”
, he meant Steve, mostly. Tony chopped the tomatoes though! Which admittedly, Steve then had to re-chop, but still. It was a learning process, and Steve said it was cute, in a hopeless way.
“Steve! Light of my life, apple to my pie, straw to my berry, I have excellent- oh” he stopped at the door, noticing Steve’s curled up form on their huge bed, facing away from Tony and clutching at pillows he’d grabbed from the head of the bed.
"I swear, Stane, you better stay far away from me. If I hear you do that again, I'll make sure you regret it."
Tony paused, thinking it over. “Drive round the block a few times?” At Steve’s responding laugh, he too found himself chuckling, raising his hands in question. “What? I don’t want Clint to believe for a single second that we cut our date short because he believed Peter’s incomprehensible babbling to be—”
Tony stilled. He seemed torn, and Steve instinctively raised a hand, letting Tony take it and fall into Steve’s lap limply, tucking himself up under Steve’s shoulder and sighing. “I don’t know,” he whispered, “I don’t… I could put a pin in it, right now. I could just let it go. This doesn’t have to be my fight,
warning for graphic description of child abuse in this chapter. Also bad writing because it's 5am but I was determined to get this out for you
Steve hadn’t really thought about Tiberius Stone all that much. He wasn’t sure why—maybe he’d just been so caught up with worry, so focused on blaming himself, that that shitstain hadn’t really fallen into his mind that many times. There had been more important things to concentrate on, after all.
here. This sort of thing doesn’t happen- and yet somehow, the universe made it so. Because the universe is kind of a wild card and doesn’t like to follow our stupid rules.”
He swallowed and pursed his lips, rolling his head to the side and looking at Tony, who was curled up like a hedgehog just under Steve’s shoulder. Seeing as Steve probably hadn’t moved a muscle for an hour, Tony had not even been remotely disturbed, and was comfortably tucked into Steve’s side, one hand resting slack across his midsection while the other lay slack against his chest. Steve smiled softly at him, taking a few more deep breaths as he steadied himself back into reality.
Which reminded him- “Bruce, you’re great, buddy, but if you start snoring and drooling into my feet I’m gonna have to kick you in the face.”
“Honey, I’m home!” Tony sung, flinging open the doors and searching for Steve, dropping his briefcases and beaming.
It’d started out fairly mundane: “What’s the coolest thing you’ve fought?” , “how many lasers can you shoot?”. But then someone asked what to do if they saw something bad happening to someone else, and it only ended up getting deeper and more philosophical from there. Then a girl at the back of the class put her hand up and said, “what happens if someone’s doing something wrong but they’re your best friend? Do you stay friends with them?” and something inside Tony clenched and twisted painfully.
Steve snorted, making an incredulous face as he leaned over and looked at Thor from across the table. “Why the hell would he… you know what, I don’t actually think I want to know.”
He felt tired. Bone-deep weariness that was difficult to shake. It clung to him like the rain did; sticking in his hair, coating his clothes with coldness. He just wanted to curl up and sleep- let the storm pass over his head until he awoke and it had all dissipated again. And more than anything, he wanted Tony.
Tony didn’t say anything more as Steve let him into the house and flicked on the lights. He quickly shucked off his wet jumper and jacket and then tried not to shiver too obviously from the cold of the empty house. Tony wasn’t fooled though, and with another sigh he pulled off his own hoodie and, despite Steve’s protests, forced it around his shoulders. “You’re an idiot and you are going to end up taking my entire wardrobe soon,” he informed Steve as he quickly kissed the top of his head again, “hey, shall I make us some hot chocolate?”
But what was he supposed to do when the one who’d hurt Tony was himself? How must Tony have felt, when all that rage was turned on him?
It was Natasha who eventually knocked at the workshop door. Tony jumped wildly, the fiddly bits he’d been trying to fit together spilling out of his hands and clattering onto the desk with a loud noise that made him wince. His leg was starting to ache- probably because he hadn’t been taking the meds that the doctors had prescribed to him, but whatever. He pressed the entry button on his desk and let the doors slide open, watching her as she walked in. “Hey, Nat.”
He shook his head. It was probably bad to think of strangers like that. Or acquaintances. Or… whatever they were. Serial-Smilers. Something like that.
little thing. Like, I swear I won’t do anything untoward with it. Nothing malicious. If I do, I give you permission to hit me and tell everyone my secrets. I promise.”
bad, Clint, you really should consider changing your diet. And possibly getting tested for rickets," Steve frowned and backed up, putting his hands behind his back. Tony side-eyed him. He was pretty certain Steve hadn't even touched Peter once. "But if you're the dad, then Peter's your responsibility now. And if he's not- well, you were the one who said we shouldn't call social services."
It hit him, just how much this whole thing meant. Tony, who never stuck around with people long enough to let them in. Who smoked and drank and made bad life choices every other week to apparently rebel against a father who even his own AI hated. Who hid everything about himself under a careless smile and dark sunglasses and never, ever admitted to his weaknesses.
“Then… well, you know what happened,” Tony finally looked away from the spot on the wall, only to move it down to his lap. “And- and it all sort of went downhill from there, really. I… I lost it. Howard pulled me over at the funeral and told me that I was the one the media were going to be focusing on next, so I needed to live up to the Stark name and do well at MIT. I promptly got myself kicked the fuck out.” He jerked a little, then used his free hand to pull back the hairs behind his ear. Steve looked up curiously, heart steadily sinking at the sight of the lightning-cracked scars that were running just above the hairline, faded with age, but still visible. “That’s the product of
The thought just fell into his head, so easily and without any trepidation. He’d been watching out of the window in their room while Steve fed the chickens, having a gentle conversation with them in the same way Tony did to his bots. It was ass-o-clock in the morning, and Tony had hardly been awake, only roused by Steve getting up to complete the chores, and as he’d leaned against the open window and felt the breeze push against his face, he’d looked down at his lover and thought
His fingers remained, hovering a few inches away from Howard Stark as the loud sound of nothingness filled the room.
A sharp breath sucked its way in through clenched teeth and he blinked rapidly, brain firing off a million miles a minute as he did the math. On average, they were called out for various missions about once every week. If Tony didn’t sort himself in a month, that would be four callouts he’d miss. Four times they wouldn’t have him on the field, but then have to deal with him back at home after it anyway. And he knew… yeah, they liked him, but he was pretty sure they liked Iron Man better. Without that on his side… how long would it take for them to get bored of the man underneath that?
Tony simply sighed, a heaviness radiating off him that Steve could hardly bear. This wasn’t like when Tony had come to him, drunk and crying after the party where they’d shown him the tapes of his mom. This was almost worse—it was just hopeless acceptance. It was Tony believing this was simply his lot in life; this was what happened to people like him, this was what he got.
With one last smile, he turned back to where he was headed- only to bump into someone as soon as he did so. They yelled in displeasure and Steve’s eyes widened, arms going out immediately. “Oh fuck, I’m so sorry, I wasn’t looking where I was g-“
His nails dug into his palms. “I’m… I can’t take back what I did, but I- I can help you feel safer from now on. It’s okay. I’m sorry I didn’t… I didn’t answer your call sooner, I was selfish, I didn’t want—but I promise, I promise, you won’t ever have to see me again, Tony. Not from here on in.”
“he means he likes you wearing his clothes, but he’d prefer them back on his bedroom floor,” Bruce piped up, which was surprising, because everyone had assumed he’d just been napping on the tabletop.
The other man, John, hefted up his clipboard and then looked over at Steve, who was stood at the front of the group, expectantly. Steve froze, obviously completely at a loss for what to say. They couldn’t tell the truth, not now all this new information had come to light- Peter would be in danger if he got put into the system at this point, and none of the team would let the child run that risk.
“Right,” he bit, “okay. My bad. I should’ve just listened to everyone’s warnings, shouldn’t I,” he spat the last bit out like a curse, watched Tony flinch at the impact and then smooth out a second later, always under fucking control, never letting anything show for more than one god-damn second.
“Oh, absolutely,” Steve admitted freely, standing up and then smacking Tony’s ass gently as he passed to grab his own toothbrush- manual, because he’d never really gotten used to the strange buzzing feeling in his mouth. Tony laughed, leaning back against Steve’s chest as he gently squeezed out some more stuff from the nearly-empty tube and then dabbed it onto different parts of his face. Steve simply brushed his teeth and watched, until two minutes were up and he leaned over the sink. Tony, however, was still going through his bag of creams and potions, rubbing all of them into his skin one by one. Steve, with nothing else to do at that point, simply rested his chin into Tony’s shoulder and then curled his arms gently around Tony’s body, resting one hand on the other man’s bare hip and his other across the cool ridge of the arc reactor. Sleepiness still hung over him like a comforting blanket and he sighed gently, shutting his eyes and relaxing forward a little. Tony was so nice to wake up to.
“Oh my God,” Steve gasped, hands fluttering around his face, no idea where to settle. Tony’s eyes were hazy and unfocused, but when they drifted toward Steve, he smiled weakly.
Tony huffed sulkily, still glaring at the corner. “JARVIS is a menace and I’m going to detox his code tonight,” he wagged a finger in the air before turning to Steve, face softening automatically, “but I agree. We should go eat.”
“You don’t ever have to be in pain again,” Tony whispered against his mouth, “it’s over, Steve. We won.”
Gingerly, Tony brushed a hand over his black eye. Then he pouted. “Will you still love me when I’m no longer young and beautiful?”
“I don’t know,” Tony said, voice wavering, “but for now, just… stay here. Please. That’s all I’m asking. Just stay with me.”
Steve nodded sullenly, looking out of the window. It was true and he knew it- the social services that had taken on his case after his mom’s passing had been reluctant to let him stay with the Wilsons at all, wanting instead to put him with what they deemed ‘a more suitable family’ somewhere over in fucking
Steve tightened his jaw and resisted the urge to turn and run, far far away from all of this. After all, he was a lot of things, but a coward had never been one of them.
“Yeah, well, you would say that,” Steve huffed and ran a hand over his face, “it comes easily to you. You just… know. But I see him and I freak out. Feel like I’m gonna do it all wrong.”
“Our… our responsibility!” Steve spluttered and threw his hands in the air. “And you love him, so this… this is—”
Tony’s thumb brushed quickly over his cheek, and when Steve glanced up, the other boy’s eyes were shining. “I fucking love that blush of yours,” he declared, before turning on his heel and wandering back the way he’d come, waving behind him. Steve watched everyone in the room stare at him unabashedly on his way out.
Beside him, Tony’s eyes fixed on Steve’s face. He didn’t turn, but he still knew he was being watched. “View’s quite something.”
, he supposed- he was saved the embarrassment of an incorrect assumption by the resigned sigh that Michael released, and then a shrug of indifference a second later. “I really hoped we could just do this the easy way,” he admitted, “but if this is how you would like to do things… John- get the kid. I’ll deal with these guys.”
They’d arrived in Geneva early the morning before, and had been in meetings and consultations ever since. What with the world still being in relative chaos after The Snap and then the subsequent Unsnapping, these sorts of peace summits were being held on a pretty much monthly basis these days. Entire governments had collapsed and new ones put in place, only to be pushed out again when the old ones returned. In the sea of faces here, about 30% of them were new. They were ones who’d stood up to the role and tried to keep their countries from collapse, and in all honesty, Tony thought they were doing better jobs than the old guys had. A lot of the people who’d stepped up were younger, fresher, more diverse. They’d done amazing things to keep their communities from falling apart. And now, what with all the old fuddy-duddy’s coming back and wanting their power returned to them, there were at least fifteen countries on the brink of civil war. Hence all these goddamned peace summits and UN meetings and God knows what else. And of course, it was all the fuddy-duddy ones who were currently in meeting today. Next week they were holding one for the newer powers, and then the week after that it would be a collective discussion.
to come,” he tried, but Tony just rolled his eyes and then pulled the most incredulous face he could muster as barged into the elevator next to him.
He turned his head sharply, gaze locking with Tony’s. He’d thought the other man was asleep, but at some point he’d woken up and started to look at the same phone that Steve was, full of all the bullshit from the past few days. The pinched look had returned to his eyes. “I know you don’t think it’s my fault,” he continued quietly, “but it doesn’t make this any easier for you. I don’t… I just hate putting you through this shit. It’s not fair you have to deal with my problems.”
Steve's frown grew as he caught the tail-end of the words. What had they been talking about? The kid seemed pleased, nodding gratefully and then stumbling back down the corridor on shaky legs, and Steve watched Tony watch him with a look that could only really be described as fondness on his face.
?” Steve caught the tail end of Tony yelling angrily, hand fisting at his side as he made to move forward but was stopped once more by Thor.
“BASTARD!” Steve yelled again, more distantly this time, and oh, wow, looked like Tony had a concussion, huh? He tried to lift his head, move his limbs- but they were weak and fragile and he crumbled back to the floor a second later. His ribs were crying out. Something on his face was bleeding.
Tony was crying now, his voice desperate through the audio, and he wheezed when Howard hit him again. There was a clatter, and Steve figured Howard must have shoved him.
“Oh, you wanna talk about terrorism, Steve?” Tony’s lip curled in the mockery of a smile, “you’re sat in the belly of one of the biggest terrorist organisations in the world. God, you’re probably
That being said, he probably shouldn’t have been talking about how crap Ty’s dating skills were to Bucky when the guy’s friends had been right behind him in the corridor anyway, hypothetical or not. Because as soon as they saw him again when Steve was alone, they didn’t waste any time with shoving him up against the lockers and then doing their level best to shove him inside one of them.
There was a beat of silence, and then a sullen-sounding “am not,” came from the other side of the room, behind the off-white door opposite them. Steve smiled weakly, looking at Bruce.
“-We’re all still gonna be right here, yeah?” Sam finished, smiling across at him and giving his shin a gentle kick under the table.
someone to know them,” Steve told him wisely, causing a sudden burst of laughter from Tony as he remembered his own words.
angry words resonating in the room. He didn’t know what the hell he was doing. Seemed the other guys in the room didn’t either, by the way they were looking at him. But he didn’t care. He just had to stop this. He
By the time 7pm rolled around, Tony could admit he was a mess. The office felt like it was running out of air, even more so than it usually goddamn did, but Tony didn’t want to leave it in case he ran into someone and had to explain why he looked like he’d snorted three lines of fucking cocaine. He couldn’t write because his hands were too busy fucking shaking- this was a bad hit and he knew it. The episodes came and went, some of them worse than others, and Tony figured that the accumulation of all the stresses of his life had built up to lead to this, and now he didn’t even know how he was going to get home. He didn’t want to leave his office. He didn’t want to arrive back at the tower and see Steve leaving, or upset, or fucking dead, Jesus, who knew? JARVIS was giving him updates, but hell, there could be a glitch, or someone could have hacked him and started sending false information,
“If they could recreate what Peter has, then why would they care so much about getting him back?” He said darkly.
Three minutes later (yes, three whole minutes to get across the house) they ended up in what had to be Tony’s room. It was big, like every other place, but each surface and pretty much 90% of the walls were covered in…
“Oh, as riveting as it always is,” Tony told him, and he sounded tired, “they know at this point that trying to give me work is useless, so I just sat and got yelled at by Principal Fury for an hour. Fun stuff.”
The hand came back to his shoulder, impossibly light. “Are you okay, Steve? Or would you rather I stayed?”
So instead he just laughed, and then shoved Ty’s hand off his shoulder sharply. “I think I’ll decide that for myself, thanks,” he said, making the warning evident in his voice. He glared at Tiberius without fear, and the other boy stared back, obviously a little shocked at the blunt way in which he’d just been spoken to. Maybe he wasn’t used to it.
He laughed to himself, and Tony smiled back, then turned his head away slightly. “Sounds… a tad unwise,” he said evenly.
“We thought he might be needed to save your life, and you know, he likes to know whether you’re alive and stuff!” Clint said defensively, hands going up, “and he’s very convincing when he’s all business-mode. He’s calling you an idiot down the line, by the way. Says he’s gonna kick your ass when he gets here.”
“Uh, no I’m not,” Clint threw the money back at her, “I went last week. We’re on rota- it’s Steve’s turn if my memory serves correctly.”
There was a brief moment where he waited for Tony to stop sputtering. “You sap,” the other man said, looking slightly bashful as he rubbed at his neck and shoved Steve lightly, “let’s get out of this ugly little vehicle and see what our paradise is going to be for the next week.”
Seemingly sensing his tension, Steve sighed and kissed his temple reassuringly. “You don’t have to do this tonight,” he murmured against Tony’s skin, “we have time. Another one of us could do it instead—”
“Please,” Tony lurched forward, trying to catch one of their eyes. The amount of times Tony had ever begged in a situation involving his work-life were so few and far between that Tony could count them on one hand, but in that moment, he didn’t care. He didn’t give a shit. “Please, there’s a child in there. He’s just a boy, they’re going to take him, please, please don’t do this. His name is Peter. He’s just a baby, not even a year old. Please, I’ll do anything—”
“Rough day?” Tony asked him quietly, letting his fingers wander over to Steve’s hand and stroke softly at his warm skin.
“I’m going out,” Steve told him sharply, shaking his turned head and grabbing his coat from the rack. “I need a fucking breather. Please don’t follow me.”
Ty just observed him for another second, before turning away again with an indifferent shrug. “Haven’t heard of you before,” he said, eyes going back to Tony, “but Tony has, apparently. That’s nice. Branching out a bit, are we Tones? Getting bored of the rest of us?”
Steve yelped, cheeks flaming as he looked for something to throw. When he found nothing, he simply chose to give him the middle finger, which Sam returned fondly.
Dinner morphed into bedtime, and Steve took bathing duties while Tony set about preparing Peter’s evening bottle of formula. He walked back up to their room just as Steve was walking out of the bathroom with a cosily burrito’ed baby in his arms, and Tony heard the tail-end of Steve’s little conversation with the boy- something about rationed bathwater that they’d used to have in the forties. He grinned when Steve looked up at him, and willingly accepted the pile of towel and baby that was handed over to him when they met in the middle of the room.
This made no sense. “Tony, sweetheart, please, come on,” he tried weakly, like a child. Like a dying man. He gave the unresponsive body a gentle shake, and expected Tony to make a fuss, maybe cuss at him for waking him up. He wasn’t exactly a morning person. “Come on, wake up.”
“If he snuffs it on the way, I’ve fitted him with a GPS tracker,” Peggy told them, watching George Clooney on the screen with unwavering intensity, “we can get to him before the pizza gets cold.”
With a soft sigh, Tony shot him one last look before backing away until his legs hit the couch and he fell back down. His hand went back into his pocket and when it came out, it was empty.
Tony stared at him, not knowing what to say for a moment. He looked down, clearing his throat. “I’d like to get into something comfier,” he declared casually, glancing up to see how Steve reacted.
Steve looked at him blankly, and then folded his arms. “How much sleep have you had in the past four days?” He asked with a cocked head.
He pictured it in his head- Tony lounging on the leather chair, Pepper with her heels off, lying on the floor, hair down. It certainly made an interesting image. “You get caught?”
Steve hurried down the stairs in his apartment, sparing the briefest of looks at the piles of things he’d stacked on each step as an incentive for him to put them all in storage, which he never actually did. Peggy had always said he turned into a walking bag of trash when he was left alone for too long, which — yeah, okay, maybe she had a point. It might have been about five months since he’d last cleaned his room, by his count. Shameful, he knew, but hey… it wasn’t like anyone was visiting.
“Oh my God, why Washington?” Tony complained over his toothbrush, waving a sulky hand as he leaned down to the sink and spat out the toothpaste. Through the open door, Steve watched him in amusement from the bed, trying not to smile while Tony went on one of his rants. “Like, okay, I get you’re a SHIELD lackey and Natasha batted her eyes at you to come with her so she wouldn’t be lonely or whatever, but Washington? That’s such a boring fucking place. Nothing happens in DC, I’m telling you Steve, you won’t want to stay there for more than a minute.”
Thor didn’t say anything for a moment, and they both stood somewhat awkwardly in front of each other in the freezing rain as the kids from the top of the hill slowly started to make their way down toward them. Steve wondered what was going through Thor’s head- usually the boy had so much to say, and there was never a quiet moment at all. Steve wasn’t too sure what could have caused this.
“The quinjet is equipped with seven heat-tracking missiles and an inbuilt double-barrelled machine gun,” JARVIS reeled off, and the weapon-areas of the cockpit lit up as he spoke. At that same moment, the speaker-system crackled to life above Steve’s head, and the familiar tones of Tony’s voice filled the vicinity.
, you can’t just fucking- you can’t flirt with me and mess with my head and then call me pathetic, okay, fuck you.”
I bet I’ve got crumbs all over my damn face now. Coming out here was a mistake- in fact, just dating you in the first place was a mistake I shall regret to my dying day-”
“Hey,” Steve shook his head and laughed, “don’t do that to yourself- he notices you alright. I’ve seen the way he stares at you when you walk by. And Tony’s always complaining about how much Thor complains about his hopeless crush on you. It’s obvious, Jane.”
He spent the next few hours hunched over his laptop, searching for exactly what it was that he was looking for while planning and going through everything with Pepper. The product launch was at midnight tomorrow, and so Tony’s schedule was even more crammed than it usually was, but with the help of Miss Potts, he managed to rearrange and clear out Tony’s agenda for the next five days. She assured him it wasn’t going to negatively affect anything- these were just promotional extras that Tony chose to do, and it would make no difference if they got someone to step in last minute, and all emails or blueprints could be taken and done anywhere in the world. Which was useful, because Steve hoped that they wouldn’t be anywhere close to a damn office for a little while.
(Who was he fucking kidding? Steve had been thinking about it for weeks, he’d said so himself, Tony was too fucking fragmented for Steve to stay with on a good conscience and now was the day that he was finally letting that out. Maybe Tony could have stretched it longer if he’d kept his mouth shut, maybe had another week, but it had been inevitable. Hell, even if none of this had happened in the first place, there had probably always been a cut-off point. A time when Steve finally gave up trying to fix all of Tony’s broken fucking parts and let him go. This was just what happened. This was life. This was Steve trying to salvage whatever scraps he could before the whole ship sank, and who was Tony to blame him for that?)
Steve looked confused, but the rest of his friends just ‘ahhed’ in understanding. When he turned to them curiously, they all shook their heads. “The evilest girl to walk on Earth and the most dramatic boy in the universe are currently in the middle of a bitchfight- again,” Sam told him.
. Wants to bang his head against the wall until he stops being so fucked up, because no one wants someone who can’t even say I love you, for fucks sake-
“I am going to order the Carbonara and you are going to sit there and deal with it like a man.” Steve signalled to one of the waiters before Tony could grab his hand, and the young lady began hurrying over to them.
“Why are you sad,” he blurted, blinking rapidly and trying not to let the sudden thoughts consume him entirely. He turned to Thor, who didn’t look away from the small grave in front of him. “What happened to make you sad. Do I need to punch someone?”
Sam looked at him, a little bit despairing, but then just nodded and gave Steve a pat on the back. “You’re on chores this evening, dick,” he called out behind him.
“Yeah, sweetheart, I’m back. Sorry I took so long- you know how it is,” Steve whispered, even though there was no-one there to hear them and barely any other noise in the tower aside from the staccato beat of rain against glass.
Steve didn’t come and tell him off for staying up too long. In fact, Tony didn’t see him for the entire time that he was down in the shop. Which was weird- usually Steve never left his side after accidents. Tony had just… assumed it would be the same for this one.
Steve found himself running out of anger as he saw Bucky’s face; eyes fixed to the floor and looking more than just a little bit lost as his feet shuffled around on the doorstep. He was like a child being told off by his parent after being caught with his hand in the cookie jar- or fighting in the playground.
“If I asked you to do the same thing,” Tony spun on his heel and turned to him, and Steve stopped, nearly bumping right into him, “if I told you I’d been mugged and needed your help, would you come?”
“Nightmares, I assume,” Tony broke the silence, and Steve… didn’t acknowledge the sound had been made at all.
Tony didn’t say anything, and it looked like Natasha was going to try and slap him out of it by the way her hand rose angrily. But he woke up on his own, scrambling up to his feet and then shutting his eyes in order to think, long and hard about everything that he knew was down in these floors. He just needed a way to get to Peter. Anything. Working audio transmitter with a strong enough signal, a fucking
“No y’don’t. Pepper cancelled it.” Steve blinked and then pushed himself upward a little, looking Tony in the eye with a nervous smile. “-And she cancelled the one after that, and the one after that… well, ‘rearranged’ is the term she used, actually, but the point still stands.”
“Let’s call it a night,” he blurted, standing up very suddenly. “There’s nothing else here of importance and we know it. I don’t… I wanna see Peter again. Just. You know. To check.”
Smiling adoringly, Steve wrapped his arms around Tony properly and let himself imagine that alone would somehow keep Tony safer. The worry plagued him constantly- would probably never leave, to be honest- but he knew that the likelihood of Tony ever being hurt was slim. Steve was too good at what he did for that to happen. Tony was no fool either- when Steve had arrived at the scene after Tony had been taken, he had already been halfway to freeing himself of his own accord. He was always carrying now, anyway- which made it even more difficult for someone to take him. Tony had a true aim and a particularly petty nature if provoked- no doubt the next person to try anything would get a bullet in a rather unsavory place.
But Steve just rolled his eyes, slipping his arm around Tony’s waist and pulling him in. “I ruin your clothes every time I get frustrated with trying to undo the buttons, but you still love me.”
, Tony wanted to say. Not that that mattered now. Steve probably wouldn’t be visiting much, if at all, now. “No, uh—come through. I’m in the kitchen.”
Tony must have slipped it in when Steve hadn’t been focusing. Which was, admittedly, nine tenths of the entire afternoon together.
Later that night, though, Steve came back and apologised. Of course he did. Just a bad day, Tony figured. A blip.
“I don’t want to do that,” Tony said instantly, looking at him from the bed, “this is… this is your room too, Steve. Come sleep in it. With me. Please. You look—”
came Peggy’s voice in his ear. Steve was rather inclined to agree. His inner Peggy was rarely wrong.
He shook his head at the Principal. “I’m sorry too,” he said, “but I can’t say anything without Tony’s permission.”
“Yes, but I also programmed you to answer all my emails with links to Rick Astley; you’re a learning program J, you have to decide what and what is not appropriate for guests who have never even seen-“
Steve, being the every-observant boyfriend he was, noticed the little tick, and immediately rolled Tony back on to his back, grimacing. “Sorry- is it bad today?” he asked softly, his body hovering above Tony’s, but not putting any pressure down against his chest.
That made Tony laugh, and he pulled his eyes open in order to look up at Steve. His neck twitched, a little ache springing from the dark hickey on his neck, a wonderful reminder of everything that had happened, and everything that was to come.
Was Bucky mocking him? Tony couldn’t tell. “Sorry,” he blurted on autopilot, just in case- and then felt worse when their smiles slipped and turned into confusion. “Sorry,” he said again, apologizing for apologizing that time, oh God
He doesn’t know how to tell them that they mean something to him, and doing this is the only way he feels like he’s enough.
Steve nudged himself a little closer to Tony’s side, looking at Thor over Tony’s hunched shoulders. Thor didn’t look too great either—and Steve predicted if he glanced at a mirror right now he wouldn’t be too impressed at what stared back at him. No sleep and high stress wasn’t a good look on him.
Bucky glared at him, and then pointedly stroked the wheel again. Steve just sat back, muttering “next time I want a lift I think I’ll just call Tony again. ‘Least he can drive.”
In his arms, Peter was now starting to chew on Tony’s tie, making little sounds now and then. He seemed unfazed by the two large humans that were pressing him in on both sides, and Tony looked down, watching as Peter beat a little fist against Steve’s shirt in an attempt to grab his attention. Steve glanced at him, giving the boy a tight smile.
He stopped when he noticed how obviously Tony’s face had fallen, and the hurt look that was lingering on his face.
Rumlow bared his teeth. “You just undermined me and this whole operation, you fucking idiot. I’ll do what you said, and I’ll go see Fury right now, but I bet he’s not gonna be too happy with you when I tell him the stunt you just pulled.”
“We can’t just leave him like this!” Steve hissed, his voice edging close to hysterical, but Thor just ran a hand across his face wearily and slumped.
make me worse- I was in them for most of my childhood, and going back to them just makes me…” he broke off, shuddering. “Please- take me to Sam’s. Bucky’s dealt with this enough times before, he’ll look after me.”
“He was the one who told me that it might be- that there might be something deeper going on with it all, actually,” Steve said with a shrug, “I can admit, I was a little too hurt to be objective at the time. Bucky… well. He likes you, you know? You’re friends. Even if you both try and tell us otherwise.” He patted Tony’s arm and then slipped past him, heading for Bucky’s kitchen. “He’ll probably ignore you. He’s watching Brooklyn nine-nine.”
“Did- did someone just walk into class?” The teacher asked the room about ten seconds after Tony had slipped back out again, and Steve couldn’t help it- he laughed and laughed and laughed.
“Christ,” Steve whispered, terror igniting in his chest as he looked around for the red and gold of Iron Man. In that moment, he wasn’t thinking of any repercussions; wasn’t thinking of terrorism charges or Gulmira or a weapons hoard SHIELD thought were going to be used to try and take over the world with. There was only Tony, and the monster he’d just felled, and the fact that Steve
He wanted Tony to know that he had always, always been Steve’s sure thing, and that if he had a time machine that could take him anywhere he wanted to go, he wouldn’t even go back to the forties. He hadn’t wanted that for a long time now. He’d just go back and change the decision he’d made to hide the knowledge from Tony, and then none of this would have fucking happened, and they wouldn’t have split up and gone to opposite ends of the goddamn globe, and Steve would still be able to hold him in his arms at night and kiss him in the morning and fight side by side with him on the battlefield. It would have been everything Steve had ever God-damn wanted.
“It doesn’t have to be… Tony, I love you more than anything in the world, you know I do,” Steve choked, stepping forward, unable to help himself, “but we need a break. We need… time, space,
“It’s my word too,” Sam said, his voice much calmer than Steve’s as he looked the Principal in the eye. “You know me, Sir. I’m a good student. I’m being considered for the High Flyers Program. I wouldn’t get in a fight unless I thought it was absolutely justified.”
Steve choked. Stumbled over to the sink in their en-suite, wondered whether he was going to throw up his guts. He didn’t. He just choked. His body didn’t know what to do, how to respond—was this poison? Was the pain an injury? Should it raise his temperature to burn off the pathogens?
. So drop the overprotective parents act, ‘cause otherwise I’m gonna struggle to be civil with you, and I know that will only upset Tony. I want to like you, if only for his sake, but don’t make it difficult for me.”
Steve pulled a conflicted face, and for a moment Tony wondered whether he was going to bolt- but then his fingers settled, soft and delicate against Peter’s skull as he rubbed the baby’s hair. “Am—is this right?” Steve asked.
Wordlessly, Steve shucked off his coat and stepped through the door, Bucky following on behind him. The door shut and then he felt Bucky’s arm wind around his own, linking them together like they’d used to do when they were kids and both the same height. Now Bucky had to bend in order to get the angle right.
Steve just nodded wordlessly. Judging from the lack of injuries on Tony’s body, Steve figured he must have won it.
Steve stopped. Sighed. Let go of Tony’s arm and turned away. “uh, yeah- no, I can’t. It’s a thing, I don’t know, I just… I’m fine, I’m just gonna… head out to the country for a week or so, because, y’know,” Steve gestured vaguely to himself, “4th of July and all.”
Michael smiled once more, the expression sticking on his face a moment too long. During that very same moment, Tony came to a rather important conclusion about the two men in front of him, and a dozen tiny details clicked into place to make a big and rather ugly picture. The weird glassy expressions. The slightest stiffness to their movements.
Tony shrugged, cocking his head again, like he was focusing in on Steve properly. He’d done that the first time they’d looked at one another, and Steve just sat there a little dumbly, trying not to blush under the stare. “You know- I genuinely can’t say. Innocent, maybe. You give off that vibe.”
He shut his mouth and simply smiled at Bruce instead, a broken, bitter little thing. Then he looked back at the door that he knew Tony was behind, his feet tingling with the urge to stand up and see him. Give him what he was asking for. He sounded so upset. Steve would do anything to make him happier- anything at all.
Ten minutes later, and there were no more steps to take. Tony was ready to sleep. His mouth tasted like toothpaste and yet he still wanted it to taste like Malibu instead, feel it burn its way down his throat. He had no idea why tonight of all nights was so bad. Objectively, he’d gone through worse. It was probably that stupid Goddamn cocktail. The stupid fucking advertising manager. His own stupid fucking self.
He shut his eyes and shook the thought from his head, bidding Natasha goodnight as he and Steve slowly plodded up to their room together. It was nearly midnight, and the world was quiet, save for their footsteps on the carpet and Peter’s gentle breathing in his ear. Tony listened in to the steady back and forth of his breaths while his mind wandered at a million miles a minute over everything he'd been preoccupied with over the past few days. Ever since the LMD's had shown up on their doorstep, they’d been attempting to track down the AIM faction that was responsible for both sending them and producing Peter in the first place, but they’d been coming up blank with every search. Wherever or whoever they were, not only were they advanced enough to be successfully creating superhumans, but they were also irritatingly good at covering all of their tracks. So far, none of SHIELD's resources or intel was coming in useful, and not even Tony could drag out any scraps from the dark-web about anything of the sort. He'd put in a request to view the phone of the woman who'd ended up getting shot in the hotel, wondering if maybe there was anything on it that he'd be able to use, but the FBI were being dicks about that, and so it was gonna be a few days before Tony would be able to get his hands on that. The worst thing was that by that point, all the information would probably be fucking tainted anyway. A phone was as sensitive to disturbance as any other crime scene, and Tony was pretty fucking certain an FBI rookie would have already contaminated 80% of the evidence as soon as they'd broken into the damn thing.
It said something about the nature of Steve’s world that he was barely even thrown by this request. He’d spent quite a bit of time with JARVIS by that point, and so hearing a disembodied voice speak to him through a monitor was hardly shocking. Still though, Steve took a brief moment to wonder how this was just a part of his everyday life now. He knew there’d be people in the government or army who’d kill—literally—for technology like JARVIS. To this day, no one else had managed to replicate such a realistic form of life.
“Stop it,” Bucky muttered as he pulled out the frozen peas from the bottom of the freezer and then tossed it onto the side.
Tony looked over to Steve with a pulled face, setting down his tablet. “Then change his diaper!” He called out, “there are some in the cupboard where we keep the condiments.”
Thor didn’t say much on the way there, and neither did Steve. They both knew that there wasn’t really much need; Thor obviously didn’t feel in the mood to exude his usual jolly persona, and Steve was too tired to try and coax a conversation out of either of them. But they sat next to each other on the bus ride there, knees just touching, and Steve let himself be comforted by the thought that he didn’t have to do this whole charade on his own now.
They fought to get the gauntlet back to where it needed to go—the van right at the other side of the battlefield, of course, because their lives could never just be easy for once. Steve watched various heroes carry the Iron Gauntlet further forward, yelling at Peter to grab it as he saw it fly overhead. Everything was happening all at once, and then when fire started raining down on the Earth, Steve lost sight of the gauntlet entirely amongst the dust and smoke. He scrabbled under a protective barrier made by one of the sorcerers and spared a glance upward to observe the threat. In that same moment, that light—that glorious, amazing fucking photon-based light that had saved Tony’s life all those years ago—arced through the sky like an angel, and Steve felt himself whoop in vindication as Captain Marvel joined the fray, pounding through the entire ship like it was made of cotton candy.
They did this sort of thing a lot, these days. Just… allowed themselves to exist around one another. Like he did with his friends, Steve felt comfortable enough around Tony to be able to do
But he had a job to do. He was going to have to just suck it up. “I’ll be right over,” he said firmly, and then ended the call without further ado, sitting up on his elbows. He gave Tony an apologetic look.
There was one last final growl from below deck, and suddenly a tremendous crashing noise cracked like a whip through the air. Everything shook; huge, violent tremors that sent Steve stumbling to his knees once more.
a superhuman. He might have sore arms in the morning, but he couldn’t say that was what was on the forefront of his mind just then.
Mr. Wilson looked at him for another second, and Steve wondered whether he really was going to have to just get out and walk.
Tony was busy braiding Maria’s hair gently, a skill he’d picked up as soon as they’d taken her home, and didn’t hear the words come out through Steve’s phone. He felt the way Steve tensed up underneath him though, and turned in confusion, immediately analysing Steve’s face and sitting up straighter. “Maria,” he said easily, “go get your jimmy-jams on. It’s getting late.”
He jumped where he was stood, euphoric with relief, and then heard Steve’s responding laugh and cheer as he stood up too and pulled Tony into a celebratory hug. “Oh sweetheart,” he began, because Steve called him
In the end, they just managed to make it. Tony threw himself on to the bed underneath him (Natasha’s- let’s hope she hadn’t been caught yet too) and Steve followed, shutting and locking the vent just as Clint’s hands reached out to where he had been seconds before.
“You just…” she shut her eyes and pinched the bridge of her nose tiredly, “You have to understand that Bucky- he’s pretty fucked up right now too. And he’s centered all his grief around helping you- even now, when you don’t need it anymore.” She cracked a smile and raised her eyebrows. “Protecting your arse is in his DNA, Steve.”
,” Bucky said to him, and he didn’t even sound confrontational. Steve’s brow creased as he watched him; actually looking remorseful and smiling nervously over at Tony. “Just a minute of your time, I swear.”
He flinched away from her. In his chest, his heart was beating frantically again, but he clenched his eyes shut and tried to rationalise it. He dealt with nightmares all the time. He was strong enough to fight them. They didn’t control him and he knew they weren’t real, not really. This wasn’t going to affect him the way it would a normal fella. Steve Rogers was used to fighting off his own demons.
It had been… it’d been so long. Months. Steve had been abusing him for months, and Tony had taken all of it. He’d taken Steve hitting him. Steve insulting him. Steve- Jesus Christ, they’d been having sex almost every night, how much of that had Tony actually
“Yeah,” Steve nodded, “thanks.” He moved his hand to Tony’s shoulder, nudging him gently until the boy’s eyes fluttered open hazily. Steve smiled at him. “Hey there. How’s things?”
Steve begged, his own face crumbling as he curled his hands around Tony’s and tried to pull them away from Tony’s face. He was going to hurt himself. “Tony, please. It
“Steve,” Tony began, voice choked off and desperate, “Steve, I’m sorry, I didn’t… please just stay, that wasn’t me blaming you, I didn’t mean it like that-“
“I know I say this every time,” Sam said, his face more serious now, “but if you ever want to talk…”
“That a clear enough answer for you?” Tony snarled, stepping forward with wild eyes, “you really think I’d fucking let you use me like that? I’m fucking
“Don’t worry about it,” Tony waved off the apology instinctively, sliding his feet back to the floor and standing, “no big deal. Don’t blame your friends for worrying- I’m not exactly known for being nice.”
Christ, if he was dying, he probably needed to say something monumental. Something that actually meant something; as opposed to everything else he’d been fucking doing for the past year. It would need to be something that he would never regret.
relationship because you thought I didn’t need you in the first place,” tony finished for him, his voice unable to keep from cracking toward the end.
The tension in Steve’s muscles was full of anger, need for a fight. Tony knew he wouldn’t stop until he got one, and won it.
The HYDRA team had come from nowhere, camouflaged in their white suits and equipped with weaponry that greatly outshone anything the Avengers had been carrying (which, for the record, was fucking nothing). Tony’s only explanation for the surprise visit was that they’d somehow found out about the trip and decided it was the perfect opportunity to take them out when they were least expecting it. It had very nearly worked, too. Bruce had dosed himself with a suppressant a few days earlier which kept the Hulk locked away during the Christmas period, so he’d not been able to offer much help, and although Steve had brought his shield along, he’d left it back at their hotel down at the bottom of the valley. When the enemy had started shooting at them, it had only been their quick reflexes and experience that’d saved their lives.
Steve huffed a little, jumping back up onto the desk. “Well,” he said evenly, leaning back a little, “at least you’re honest. My social codes aren’t exactly the best either, so I wouldn’t worry too much. And, uh, if I
Tony nodded. “I know,” he said, “I’m sorry. I- I just feel like I never get it right with you. Like I’m always fucking up. You don’t… you never say anything, you never complain, but Jesus
Tony looked up at him, giving him a once-over. He seemed fine, although he was leaning to one side pretty heavily. “How did we get out of there?” He asked, a little hoarse, because it was easier than acknowledging the fact that his friends appeared to have relocated their entire Christmas dinner to the med-bay, just for him. That was still being processed in his brain.
He did actually look down then, hair blowing in the wind as he blinked back the sunlight from his eyes. “There was no one there for me. When she died, I mean- there was no one. I lost Jarvis with her too, and he’d been the only other person in my life who even remotely gave a damn, and it broke me. I never got fixed.” He shrugged, shoving his hands into the back pocket of his jeans and then pulling out a cigarette, jabbing it in Steve’s direction. “
Tony stopped moving for a moment, and then glanced to his left where Steve was sat a little awkwardly. There was a moment in which Tony just stared, but it was broken a second later when he turned his head back to the front and showed his profile to Steve instead. Steve could have sworn there was something like a smile twitching around his mouth. “It seems we meet again. Steve Rogers,” he said, the amusement evident in his voice. No doubt he was thinking back to their last conversation. “I’m not entirely sure you’re not stalking me at this point.”
Someone else was in front of him now, putting space between him and Ty. It was a teacher; Miss Hill, he registered vaguely, as she grabbed one of his legs and stopped it from hitting her. She was yelling at him, but he couldn’t hear her—all he cared about was the boy on the floor, about how he wasn’t fucking finished, how he needed to do this because no one else ever fucking would, and for the rest of Stone’s life he would get away with what he’d done because there was no one there to make him pay for it.
“Want me to pull up his file, Stark?” Was the answer Brock gave him, his grin a mile wide and lined with teeth. “He was a plant. A trap. A honeypot. God, most of us thought it wouldn’t even have a cat’s in hell’s chance of working, because, I mean, surely the great Tony Stark isn’t
“I… I’m not really in the mood tonight, you guys,” he said weakly, looking away from the five incredulous stares above him as he curled up deeper into the sofa.
Eventually he felt his way over to the stairs and had to turn around, practically sprinting up them in his haste. Steve just watched him, laughing quietly into the now-empty room.
Later that night—when Sam and the others had gone home, when Tony had crept off to the guest bedroom to get some rest and Steve was supposedly cleaning up Thor’s place before going home as well— he instead sat on the couch, leaning forward on his elbows, looking at JARVIS and wringing his hands together.
As for Steve and Tony, their celebrations ran more along the lines of ‘I moved my leg today’ and ‘I think I’ve found a way to improve the dexterity of this prosthetic, you know’. Steve had been hospitalised for two weeks before he’d even been able to sit up on his own, and despite the serum running through him, he was still taking a long time to recover. He had harnessed the power of the universe, after all. Half of it, anyway. Apparently if he’d been baseline, it would have killed him instantly. As it was, the serum had managed to absorb some of the power and use it to speed up regeneration to a rapid degree for a brief second or so, and so while simultaneously killing him, the infinity stones kept him alive. He was set to make a full recovery.
Clint frowned, but Tony pulled him into a hug and then let go, turning to Natasha as she held out an envelope of her own. “Wait- you’ve all done this?”
Tony leaned forward and looked up at him with a small smile, and for a second, Steve felt like he hung the stars in the sky- at least, that was the way that Tony was gazing at him. “Kay,” he responded, taking Steve’s hand and pressing a kiss against his wrist. He shut his eyes slowly, listening to the pulse. “Still don’t know what I did to deserve you,” he murmured, before letting Steve’s hand slid out of his fingers.
Peggy looked to him with another beam, before punching him playfully on the shoulder again. “Me and Bucky really have to get going, but I swear, I’m getting every little detail out of you tomorrow without fail, so prepare yourself, Rogers,” she told him.
“If you’re sure,” Tony mumbled, letting his eyes fall shut. He bit his lip, suddenly nervous to say the words on his tongue. But again, it was silly. Nothing had changed. Steve didn’t think… less of him, now. If Tony said it, he’d get the same thing back. “Love you.”
“JARVIS!” Steve yelled as he watched the robot’s fist clench, crushing the metal of the wing like it was tissue paper, “JARVIS, do we have any—”
Either way, Steve wasn’t getting in unless he really put some effort into it. And Tony wasn’t getting out, either. He ignored the claustrophobia of that thought, and instead just stepped over another body, seeing the mark for SUBLEVEL4 loom up above him. “Is the biosignature moving around?” Tony asked quietly, hearing his boots clang unnaturally loudly in the deathly-silent stairwell.
Tony’s voice cut off with what could only be described as a strangled squeak, and Steve looked up just as Tony looked down, eyes wide and blinking hastily at their suddenly joined hands.
for Steve. His balance was shaky and he looked like he’d been pretty injured, but his smile was beautiful and genuine as he spotted Steve hurrying toward him.
“I’d expect nothing less, obviously,” he muttered into Tony’s ear, before blowing into it and then laughing as Tony yelped and squirmed jerkily, elbowing Steve in the ribs.
“It was really interesting, actually. The ideas presented were probably a little too abstract and futuristic to actually take on any scientific value, but the concept behind it was fascinating,” Tony breathed out excitedly, and Steve let the other boy gush for a few minutes, the words running over him soothingly. It didn’t make any sense to him at all, and that was absolutely fine, because Tony kept talking anyway, needing no input from Steve at all as his own enthusiasm and interest fuelled the conversation. Steve loved when Tony talked like that.
“Tony,” Steve said, looking over to him with a fond smile. He’d missed those rambles. “Look. The sun’s just about to set.”
Steve stood up and walked out of the cafe, shutting the door gently behind him and shoving his hands deep into his pockets. He resisted the desperate urge to go to Tony, and instead made for the tower, intending to head for the gym. But halfway there, he stopped himself. He didn’t want to punch anything- not ever again. He didn’t want to be reminded of how strong he was, his endurance, how much fucking damage he could do.
“Who made the call?” Natasha asked with a cocked head instead, folding her arms, but Michael only looked at her with another government-official smile. The corner of his mouth ticked back and forth a little, some sort of twitch. Probably from having to smile that plastically all the time.
Steve’s eyes went wide, and he stumbled out of bed hastily, phone tucked between shoulder and face as he searched for some pants. He’d led a handful of missions before, sure, but from Fury’s voice, this sounded important. Very important. “You sending a car or shall I take my b—”
His mind started to wander onto rapidly dirtier trains of thought, but before he could even open his mouth to broach said thoughts to Steve, JARVIS automatically extended the helmet back over his head, lighting up the HUD as he did so. Of course, at the first motion of JARVIS making a move, Tony realised that there was some sort of emergency, and stopped dead in his tracks as a red warning flashed over his vision. He read quickly. “Guys. We’ve got a situation.”
“Yeah, I can see that fucking much for myself, thanks,” came the sharp reply, and just like that, Steve’s guard was up. He narrowed his eyes and lifted his head, spotting Tiberius- the one who’d been talking to Tony earlier that week- sneering back down at him, holding his coffee cup between two fingers and brushing off his jacket.
come from Sam somewhere behind him, but all he was focused on was Tony’s face carved in stone, his fists clamped tight with rage, and Ty’s body on the floor, curled in on itself as he groaned over a freshly broken nose.
“Oh, believe me, if he’s got Tony Stark backing him, he doesn’t even need to be,” Natasha smiled sweetly, and Steve exhaled in despair, staring at the ceiling and wondering how the boy had managed to get himself involved in half the conversations Steve was having these days without even being personally present for them.
Jesus Christ, they’d accidentally started a family. And when this was all over, how were they… how were they going to cope when Peter was taken away?
Instead, Tony thought the question over. Boring video conference, even more boring paperwork, brief crisis over Steve not wanting a family with him, then quickly resolved by some communication which led to a rather wholesome bonding bathtime and then falling asleep watching shitty cartoons about a family of pigs. Ten years ago, a day like that might have made him want to jump into oncoming traffic. God, ten years ago just having to think about a baby being in his care would have probably brought him out in hives.
Tony hummed, giving Steve room to elaborate on his explanation. This bit was the important part. He’d run through this story a dozen times now, and he just had to hope that Tony would take the bait. Steve cleared his throat and nodded. “Well they hired me to do some digging around a military base in Nevada. Fort Oswald.”
Steve paused, stomach dropping. Oh, shit. They were probably freaking out right about now. Fuck. Well… that was probably not good. “Uh- no. I should… do you have a phone?”
“You come here whenever there’s even a chance that your dad’s gonna- gonna do something, okay?” He whispered before Tony could finish, feeling his heart speed up a few paces as he thought about what kind of mess Tony lived in- a house so empty and quiet he’d created another voice out of ones and zeroes just so he could drown out the feeling of being so desperately alone, a father who threw glass at him, good
“Why the fuck not,” Steve cut in, his voice low, edging on hysterical as he tried to breathe, “I can go back and this never needs to happen. This can be a dream. This can be gone in a minute if
“Love you,” he said, a wicked grin on his face as Tony just buried his head into Steve’s shoulder and then gave him a reprimanding nip with his teeth.
Tony whimpered and pawed at his eyes with the heel of his palm, cheek still smushed into Steve’s chest. “Don’ wanna. ‘S’too early,”
“You just said it, Richards,” Steve glared at him, his hand curling into a fist on the table, pulling at the fresh scabs over where the porcelain had cut him earlier. He felt his blood as it began to wet his skin once more.
“Tony,” he shot up, sitting ramrod straight and grabbing Bucky’s shoulder, “where’s Tony? Is he okay? What happened to him?”
Steve blushed and rolled his eyes when Tony just winked at her. “Why thank you,” he said primly, “glute workouts
He knew that they had fought for him. That they had put themselves on the line in order to keep him safe. That they would do it again, and again, and again if they needed to. That’s just who they were. For some reason, they had decided Tony was worth that.
He was home. Tony was there. The couch was warm and the weather was dreadful and they were both there, safe inside, watching the rain from against the panes of glass as it fell quietly around them.
“Fuck,” he muttered as he turned back to his desk, throwing the icepack to the side carelessly now that Steve wasn’t around to tell him off for it. “
I’m fine, Tony- now I need to go and find Clint and apologize, so if you wouldn’t mind-” Steve pulled Tony’s hands away, jumping to his feet briskly and refusing to look either Thor or Tony in the eye as he strode out of the room.
Tony was silent by his side, but when Steve shot him a look he was smiling just the same as before; head cocked gently to one side whilst he watched him.
,” Sam patted him on the back and then grinned, looking ridiculously smug as he took in Steve’s face, etched in what seemed to be a permanent state of shock. “How do you feel?”
But how well did he know the organisation he worked for? Enough to trust them with Tony’s life? Enough to take their word over the word of the man he’d lived with and loved for years?
The night passed him by in a blur, spent talking to neuroscientists and going back through all the notes they had on Bucky and his HYDRA programming. The next time he looked up, it was 7am and Steve was knocking on his door with a sandwich and a concerned expression. “Have you even been to sleep?” He asked as soon as Tony buzzed him in.
Steve never found out what he was, however, because Tony’s eyelids fluttered closed and his head dropped against Steve’s arm, a little snore coming from his mouth as sleep finally overtook him.
,” Tony said his name in exasperation, eyes pulling themselves open and head tilting upward to look at him, “it was not your fault. Please. It happened, it wasn’t the most fun I’ve ever had in my life, but it’s over- wallowing in guilt isn’t going to reverse time and stop them trying to take me. What are you going to do about it now?”
“What the hell,” Steve blurted, looking down at the man’s exposed feet, “why aren’t you wearing shoes? It’s freezing!”
“You can come in now,” Clint’s voice permeated his thoughts and he glanced up, smiling wearily at the man as he stuck his head around the corner of the door. “We’ve Tony-proofed the whole floor.”
“Tony,” Steve rasped, looking at him and feeling his eyes prickle with hotness, “believe me when I say that there is… there’s
The room had gone silent. Even Bruce, who was napping on the tabletop, had lifted his head a little in surprise.
Peter gurgled in delight, fisting a hand into Tony's hair and tugging. He winced. "Ow, see? Why do you do that? What does that achieve?"
Steve laughed and grabbed Tony’s wrists as they came out of his shirt and then pushed the money back in Steve’s direction. He grappled with the idiot for a few seconds, before Tony won out and pushed him backward, grabbing both his wrists and holding them down as he shoved the note unceremoniously into the pocket of Steve’s-
Tony gestured to the door, opening it with a swing. He grabbed Steve by the arm and turned his head one last time, quirking a smile and cocking his head again. The hair fell back into his eyes, when he did that. “I could clear the whole room out if I clapped my hands five times, if you really want.”
Steve blinked and took a small, shaking breath, pulling back a little from Tony and looking down at his lap. “You don’t have to,” he began, “I can understand if you still want time to cool off.”
Tony grinned and shook his head, yelping with surprise when he felt Steve suddenly decide to lick his neck and suck messily on the underside of his jaw. Seemed Steve was rather fond of the PDA when he’d had some of that Asgardian Mead. Tony attempted to sit up, but Steve simply kissed him on the mouth and pushed him back down again. He tasted like honey and apples.
“I mean,” he continued with a small shrug, “I guess that’s a pretty defeatist way of looking at things. And if I’d wanted to, I could have changed. But, y’know… it was easier to fall into this sort of lifestyle than it was to pull out of it, I suppose. And hey- I was a Stark- it’s in the blood, that’s what everyone always told me.”
It was sort of funny, really. From an objective viewpoint, he knew it was stupid. The truth that was hurting him now wouldn’t change in a week, it hadn’t been different a few days ago- but today it was all-encompassing. Today it was impossible to ignore. He was weak, pathetic, cowardly for giving into it. For blanking his friends and not even letting them know why. For letting it affect his schoolwork, his attendance. He knew all that, and the worst thing was, he just didn’t care.
finding my spanner, which, y’know, would’ve secured that little bolt in place just there,” he pointed into the side of the machine and Steve leaned in, trying to look at what Tony was seeing. Unfortunately, to him, it all just looked like wires and buttons- but he did see the loose little bolt from where Tony’s spare finger was pointing, and he nodded his understanding. “But yeah- I dug around and did all the hard stuff, but when it came to just securing it in place, I looked around and-“ he thrust a hand out to the desk, and Steve huffed in amusement when he spotted the little spanner just balancing on the edge of it. Out of reach.
Tony was in a holding cell somewhere beneath Steve’s feet, sedated and detained according to some of the agents who’d taken him on board. SHIELD had wasted no time with swarming and incapacitating him as soon as Steve had handed off his coordinates. He’d been in no condition to fight them off, and his whole suit had been busted by the giant robot. When they’d found him, there was nothing he could do except watch and accept defeat as they’d surrounded the area.
“I don’t give a fuck whose booze it is, I’ll go grab some from the liquor cabinet if I want to, but I’ve had a shitty fucking week too, you know, and if you think the answer to that is drinking, then let’s give that a try, huh?” He said, sharp and fierce, standing up with a jerk and beginning to turn away.
“Too late, I’m already sulking,” Tony made a face and then ducked back into the kitchen with a huff, Steve following along and carrying Maria in his arms. She was getting bigger every day—almost five, now, and Steve still found that hard to believe, some days.
Which was why he woke up at 10-past-midnight, gasping for breath and clutching so tightly at the sheets he thought he would rip them.
“Sir,” JARVIS spoke up again, “may I suggest contacting Mister Rhodes and Miss Potts. I feel as if they would want to be informed on the current situation—”
The man cocked his eyebrows and then jerked his head backward a little, and Steve’s eyebrows furrowed. He wasn’t too sure what the dancer was trying to say.
“Sure. How slowly do you want me to talk this time?” He asked, cocking his head as Steve began to pull out the rather musty-looking bandages from Sam’s first aid supplies.
There was a slight break in the conversation, before JARVIS spoke again. “I took the liberty of switching on the recording device on this computer during the altercation with Howard. With clear audio evidence and visual confirmation, providing you take pictures of your injuries, we can put forward an almost watertight case against your—”
Steve paused, head jerking up a little in curiosity. “…Am I being threatened by an artificial intelligence?”
He wasn’t going to just sit here and watch his life slip away from him because of some stupid HYDRA conditioning. If Bucky could break out of it, so could he. Exposure therapy. That had to work. Or at least, he was going to make it work. The brain automatically took the path of least resistance. And Tony was the most stubborn, resisting bastard his brain knew- it’d just open his memories back up in order to alleviate the agonizing pain.
The name ‘Agent Rogers’ blinked innocuously back at him. The contents of the message were hidden, and so he slowly unlocked the phone, spare hand going almost subconsciously to his gun. It was a comfort thing. Agent Rogers hadn’t been seen on the face of the Earth in the three months since he’d broken Iron Man from jail. He had no means of contact with Fury.
He blinked once, twice, three times. Steve wasn’t back home yet, so he would still be wearing his suit. There was no way he’d not be wearing his suit unless it had been forcibly taken off him.
He stared at it for a few moments, before deciding he couldn’t be bothered dealing with it. Instead, he turned on his heel and made his way upstairs, pulling out his phone as he did so in order to send Steve a text. Even if Steve wanted nothing to do with him, he deserved an apology.
They regarded each other for one more moment, Steve doing nothing but stare—and then suddenly Tony kicked his thrusters into gear, propelling himself across the room and straight out of the reinforced window without a word. The glass exploded like it was nothing more than tissue paper, and in the time it took for the shards to clatter to the floor, Tony was a hundred feet into the air, propelling himself over to what Steve could only guess was Santa Barbara. He disappeared into the early morning sunrise with a whirr of engines and a flash of blue light.
“Shut up.” Steve kissed him hard enough he couldn’t speak any more, pushing them both down onto the couch so that he was leaning over Tony. He brushed his thumbs over Tony's chest, every inch of skin like a blessing. He never wanted to let go. “Let’s just… we both fucked up. We’re both sorry. Let’s just…please, just kiss me.” He pushed their mouths together again, fireworks dancing in his eyes, and once this mission was over Tony was going to go to jail for the rest of his life, and Steve was going to be the one who’d put him there and he would have to live with that—but for now, there was just this. Steve had missed it more than air. The feeling of Tony’s hands, his body, the way he made Steve feel like he was whole.
“Don’t tell me what to fucking do, you don't have the fucking right any more,” Tony said loudly and violently, just struggling harder, to the point where Steve had to actually grab hard in order to not have him wriggle away. He figured not all of Tony’s anger was just for show.
idea what effect you have on me- just sat there on my stupid desk, talking with my stupid robot, looking so
Tony wanted to fucking scream. But he didn’t. He was better than that. Instead, he just leaned his closed fist up against the chest of the armour—which wasn’t a good idea when he remembered that DUM-E had just been melding some of the pieces earlier, and it was still pretty goddamn hot. “FUCK,
All week, he’d been a little… on edge. He knew that. Jumpier than usual, quicker to panic. He’d looked at the date every morning and tried not to think about it, but it hadn’t worked. It had been that month, that week, and then
“Parents are all friends with eachother, what can I say- she’s not that bad anyway,” Sam rolled his eyes and pushed Steve in the back again, sending him plodding onto another step, “just…”
Steve frowned, wiping his hand across his face and probably smearing more blood everywhere. “Yeah, well I don’t need your help,” he said gruffly, “I totally had that.”
was bringing Tony in. Granted, the whole ‘Robot Rising Out of The Sea’ thing hadn’t been part of the plan, and Tony going out to stop it seemed rather uncharacteristic of Iron Man’s previous actions, but that didn’t mean he was suddenly cleaned of all his past sins. He’d killed people. He had a big plan at hand, and it involved bringing SHIELD down to its knees. And what with the arsenal Tony had on his side and the genius he carried with him every day, that was something he could very well be capable of succeeding in.
Thor smiled, but it faded a little as he sighed and then blew out smoke. “Dumb decision anyway,” he muttered, “now I can’t even drive. Stupid.”
Tony turned onto his side, shutting his eyes and sighing. He was glad that neither Clint nor Natasha were in the room just then, because as teenage boys tend to do, his mind was rapidly descending to filthier places, and having a mind-reading friend watching that process would definitely not be something Tony wanted to experience. Their abilities were cool, but there was a time and a place. He breathed out slowly and then considered calling Steve for a little bit, just to hear his voice. But he felt that might not be enough. Tony wanted him
She paused for a moment, and then sighed. He’d said something along those lines every other time she’d attempted to speak to him. And it had been three days, by his count. She had to be getting bored of it by now.
“Make sure to be a kid, too,” he finished with a firm nod, knowing that Peter was going to understand absolutely none of this, “and I mean, if it does turn out you’re just an Average Joe in the IQ section of things, then at least you have one less superpower to worry about. You’re gonna have a lot on your plate already, I think.”
Behind him, he could feel her unnatural stillness. He realised that he didn’t want a response to what he’d said. He was well aware of how dumb it sounded, and certainly didn’t need her to confirm that. “Leave,” he said simply, “now, please, thank you.”
laziness.” He shut his eyes as the memories took hold. “I just wanted to help. So I flew in, went to stop it myself. They’d rounded up most of the civilians in the centre of the village, separating them out… I landed on the outskirts, hoping to work my way in and take out the reinforcements.
. Even now he’s bigger and stronger than Howard, he won’t fight back. He’s lived his whole life trying to do what Howard wants, trying not to get himself beat up- he doesn’t realise he can stop it now. He doesn’t think rationally when it comes to that man. He immediately closes off, thinks only in terms of how he’s going to get Howard to leave him alone. No offence, Steve, but at that moment in time, you were pretty low down on his list of priorities. Especially considering what you were almost caught doing. He must have been having a full-blown freakout under that calm exterior.”
He felt the smiles directed his way, and the cheering started up a moment later, similar to what had happened last night. Someone wrapped a firm hand around his shoulder, and when he looked up, he saw Sam staring down at him like some sort of proud father. “Took you long enough, dude.”
Tony stopped moving once he got to Steve’s side and grabbed his hand excitedly. “Listen- I’m going to propose something awesome to you that you really should have thought of before deciding it was best to fuck off into the middle of nowhere on your own, but whatever, I won’t hold it to you, I
Tony growled, lurching forward- but Steve caught him by the arm and held him back, suddenly panicked by the idea of Ty following through with his threat.
There was yet another silence, but this one was weighted with shock, rather than anger. It was only broken when Steve spoke up again.
He paused, looking up with a frown, “although I suppose you would be able to hold it. You’re all… pure and stuff, right? Babies haven’t committed atrocities yet- at least I don’t think you have.” He turned, eyeing Peter up suspiciously. “Although, now I think about it, that debacle last night is quite enough to make you unworthy.”
It took less than a minute for Steve to arrive. He knocked on the door four times, said his name like Tony didn’t know who it was, and then asked if he could come in like it wasn’t his fucking room too. Tony blinked rapidly at the coldness spreading through him- it felt like they’d just gone back to the beginning again, before they’d fallen in love, before they’d even
“I’m sorry, by the way,” Tony added, and he looked down at his hands at that. “For what I said. I was… it was childish and stupid. I wasn't thinking right- the morning had just gone shitty and my Dad had been on my ass and then there was
. Sometimes he forgot how strong he was; sometimes cup-handles broke or doorknobs came off, but that sort of thing never happened with Tony. With anyone, really. Because Steve knew, he was fucking aware of what he could do, and the last thing he’d ever wanted to be was someone that people were scared of.
There was a second where he thought to himself, truly, of what he was about to do. The consequences of it. He wasn’t just risking his career here, but his life, his freedom. If this went wrong, it’d be prison for sure.
“I was trying to make paint!” Tony rolled his eyes and gestured, like it was the most obvious thing in the world, “cool paint that glowed in the dark and also really really black paint that is 0.02% blacker than vantablack and will piss Mr. Kapoor off very much when he realises he’s been bested by a seventeen year old.”
“Don’t say that,” Steve snapped, harsh and completely unfairly, Tony had done nothing but help him all night and Steve had just been a dick in return, “please. Don’t.”
Bruce looked up through watering eyes, taking a moment to compose himself before using his voice. “JARVIS?” He asked softly.
It was wrong. He knew it was wrong. It was… also Steve’s civic duty to break that up, really. He didn’t want anyone tripping over her stupid legs or something.
might not even survive it, given the sudden steep drops, ravines, ice patches and a pitch-black night to contend with. But they couldn’t wait until morning, and they couldn’t go slowly. This was urgent.
“It was me,” he said, using his voice this time, just because sometimes holding conversation inside his brain just gave him headaches, “all this time. When we first talked after the battle of New York, and I saw Loki’s duplicate of me, he told me that Bucky was alive. It was the thing that—well, began our friendship, I guess. I’d always thought it was Loki.”
“We glued them to the floor,” Natasha informed him, as she tossed an M&M into the air and then caught it between her teeth.
“It is, actually,” Pepper said with a sharp smile, “because if you suddenly decide to change your mind, or you hurt him- which everyone else has so far- then it will be us and Thor who have to pick him up off the ground and stop him doing something undoubtedly stupid to try and compensate for it. I’ve seen quite enough of Tony dealing with loss to last a lifetime, and if I never watch him go through it again it’ll be too soon. So,” she shrugged, looking at him with raised eyebrows, “we just want to know how you feel about him.”
Then he made the mistake of trying to sit up on his right elbow, and suddenly the pain became a hell of a lot worse again.
Immediately, Steve felt whatever good mood he’d been working to sour, and he yanked his hand back irritably.
“Oh my God, Steve, I am so sorry everything associated with me is threatening you today,” Tony shook his head and held his head in between his hands, “he won’t- I swear he doesn’t mean that, he’s just what we would consider a very socially awkward teenager right now, still in the really early stages of development, buggy, y’know-“
“huh?” Steve asks, a hand cupping the back of Tony’s neck as he tilts his head up and slides a pillow underneath.
Getting back on to the bed gently, Steve crawled back to where he had been before, right above Tony’s face, as he leant down and pressed a soft kiss against Tony’s mouth.
It took an extra ten minutes until Tony began to slow down and veer over to the curb. Steve looked around him in confusion; this road was pretty much entirely empty- a couple of houses at the top, but only the one over here, right at the end of the road. It was obviously abandoned though- a
, and it terrified me so much that I couldn’t even move, and he stabbed me. I… I can’t keep doing this.” He shook his head, defeated as he slumped against the fridge. “I just can’t. It’s killing me.”
Tony gasped, looking down at Peter in mock horror, while Peter just sucked on his thumb and looked innocently back at him, uncaring of their judgement. “You just urinated on an American Icon, Petey-Pie. I hope you know that.”
“If the signal shorted, the fault would have been catalogued and I would have known about it.” He bit his lip and looked at her seriously, the panic in his chest now unable to be held back properly. If Steve had gone down in the middle of a HYDRA base full of potentially enhanced soldiers… “I need to go after him,” he declared with a nod, pulling back. “I think he’s in trouble.”
Steve needed to stop overthinking it. Tony liked him- that much was obvious. Steve was allowed to have this: it was about damn time, after all. And on more than one occasion, both Bucky and Peggy had accused him of doing his level best to sabotage his own happiness, so maybe for once he needed to let himself just… have this. Take it for what it was and not try and reason his way out of it.
He kept telling himself he was getting there. Slowly. He’d always thought one day he’d try to get in touch with Tony again. Explain. Apologise. Even if Tony had found someone else by that point, Steve had just wanted… he’d always wanted to just get closure.
They dated for four years, and they were without question the happiest years of Steve’s life. Of course, it didn’t come without challenges—they had their arguments, and they could certainly be explosive at times. Bucky had often ranted about how he’d never once known another couple who could scream themselves hoarse in an argument one minute and then cuddle up on the couch the next, but that was just how Steve and Tony worked. They were intense, opposite sides of the same coin. Of course it could get messy when something snagged in the mechanism. But they loved each other too much to let it get the better of them, and even in some of the worse arguments, Steve didn’t doubt that they would work it out. Because it was them. Because they always did.
Steve snorted and Natasha sighed. “That was me, and much as I appreciate you in a platonic fashion, I’m not lying when I say ‘not if you were the last person on Earth’,” she shot back, muttering “I’ve seen you naked far too many times to be able to willingly go through it again, thank you very much.”
“Tell me I didn’t,” he said again, louder, hearing the twist and wrench in his voice as he shook his head repetitively with disbelief and horror, “tell me, Bruce, please…. Please, tell me—”
He glanced up, eyebrow raised at Tony. Treacherously, Tony heard the heart monitor he was still connected to begin to speed up a little. Dammit. That was the downside to doing all this while still technically being bedridden.
Tony stilled, and then sighed in defeat. “Yeah. But Clint’s only just learned how to put himself to bed, so excuse me for being mildly concerned.” He rolled his eyes before fiddling with his cufflinks a little, wondering why exactly he was feeling so strange about this. It wasn’t even as if Peter was their kid or anything—but it just felt like they’d all been attached to one another by the hip recently, so leaving him, even if it was only for the night, felt…
“You believe it, don’t you,” Tony’s voice spoke up once more, softer than before. He was still rubbing his reactor almost nervously, like he expected it to give out at any moment. “You believe what he said about Barnes.”
desert,” Steve yelled, lifting his foot and slamming it down into Tony’s thigh. He felt the vibration of his own bone cracking through his body and screamed in pain, hands covering his head as he curled into himself in a pathetic attempt at cover. “You
Of course, Steve had been right. Looking at them while Tony made their little girl giggle uncontrollably at something or another, Steve couldn’t think of a single damn thing that he could improve upon.
Tony paused for a second, before shrugging. “Yeah, me too. From the moment you smiled at me- probably before that, actually; I knew you my whole life, after all.” He laughed- the special self deprecating one that was a bit too sad to be real. “Picked a hell of a time to confess, didn’t we? Now that there’s no chance of anything ever happening. We’re toast. The most toasted toast to have ever been toasted. We’re more burnt, than toasted, really-”
"He isn't going to make it past age twenty," Natasha waved a hand, "don't worry about it. We've all accepted it."
Tony- he wasn’t smiling back, exactly, but his face was soft. “You’ve got a new voicemail,” he said quietly.
Tony spluttered in a surprised laughter, smacking Steve playfully. “Shut up. When you get rich enough, strange becomes ‘eccentric’, thank you very much.”
The trainers under his feet didn’t make a noise and he stuck to the walls, making himself as small a target as possible as he passed them on the opposite side of the street, but one of them noticed him anyway. Steve watched their eyes snap onto him; giving him the same analytical gaze he’d just given himself a few seconds previously. Instinctively, his pace picked up. He was past them now, walking fast down the lane, and they were just kids, dammit, it wasn’t likely they were going to start-
“Fucking… Zeke,” was all he said to break the silence, looking down and shaking his head. There was a bitter, bitter smile on his face. “Dear old Zeke Stane thought it would be funny to buy the fucking disk. And let me tell you, if there’s- if there’s one thing you’re not expectin’ to see whilst you’re in the middle of doing body shots, it’s a running commentary about how your own mother- how she-“
He turned around to them, catching Natasha’s eye. She had a set of butterfly stitches running across her forehead and her left arm was bound in a sling, but she seemed mostly unharmed. Rhodey, too, aside from whatever had happened to his side. Bruce had a black eye, but that was it.
“As if you’d ever be able to do that,” Tony laughed, patting Thor on the back, “you enjoy breaking the rules too much to try and stop me.”
“I’m leaving!” Steve jumped to his feet and waved his finger at them all judgingly, “I’m going to get food and I swear, if you make any more innuendos of that caliber in front of me again I will move school.”
kiss, exactly, because Tony never gave bad kisses- just a slightly… disorganized one. Tony was still slightly out of breath and Steve hadn’t turned right, which sent them both stumbling into the wall, and then Tony went and slipped on the wood-paneled floor, which just sent him half-crashing into Steve’s stomach, only stopped from getting a faceful of floorboard because of Steve’s fast reflexes.
Steve powered through the urge to just get up and run. This was already in territory Steve wasn’t comfortable with. “The army—after everything… couldn’t do it any more,” he muttered, not thinking of Peggy, or bombs, or ‘
Shutting his eyes as he stepped into the elevator, Tony sighed deeply and rested his hands against the railing. The chrome surface reflected his face perfectly, and when he drew his head up and took a look at himself, he was reminded of Monaco.
The scientists at SHIELD weren’t entirely sure what HYDRA had done to him. Tony himself barely remembers the entire period, other than it being a pain-fuzzed blur full of screams and misery. You know, the usual shit, torture was bad, etc etc etc- but what he did know came from what the Avengers had told him. They’d been tracking him ever since he’d been taken on the way back from work, and when they’d eventually managed to locate him to some bumfuck town on the border of Pennsylvania, they’d found him locked into some sort of… machine. A headset had been wrapped around his head, and wires had fed in through his temples and directly into the machinery.
fail someone- you have to stop caring. And I don’t think you could ever stop caring about the people you love. There’s too much heart in you, buddy.”
“I think I can give it a decent guess,” Steve’s voice was quiet and soft and he realised their hands were still tangled in one another’s, faces nearly nose-to-nose in the quiet of the workshop. There was a little bit of marker-pen smudging Tony’s jaw, and Steve wanted to lick his thumb and rub it off in the way his mother had done to him. He wanted a lot of things.
Tony gulped down lungfuls of air, feeling the dizziness and pain begin to ebb away. His whole body was shaking. “Are you okay?” He managed to choke out, however, looking over at Steve worriedly. He slumped back down onto the floor in complete exhaustion, panting heavily.
Steve’s mind registered the voice at the same time Rumlow did, but although it may have been said in the nick of time for Steve, it was also in the worst possible moment for Rumlow. The man turned his head in surprise at the new robotic voice, and as he did so, Tony lurched forward, clad in the Iron Man suit he had managed to call from the gaping hole that was now in the window. Red and Gold hands clenched around Rumlow’s own, yanking him violently away from Steve. Rumlow didn’t have a hope in hell of fighting him. This was a fresh suit, undoubtedly sent from whichever hidey-hole Tony had on the East coast. It was pure metal, tech and power that clenched down upon his body and threw him sideways. With a yelp of pain, Rumlow hit the plaster wall, creating a dent against the grey paint as he collided with it. Tony did not wait for him to regain his balance. Striding forward, he grabbed Rumlow by the collar, lifting him into the air. The man’s feet kicked uselessly at the metal exoskeleton, fingers scrabbling for the face-plate.  But it was useless.
"Long as I'm here they won't. I'll probably just walk him home after science cl-" he broke off, eyes widening a fraction. Steve looked at him curiously. Tony had been about to say science club?
Tony’s eyes were wide and somewhat disbelieving as he looked at Steve. Steve was a little confused as to where he was going with all this too, but he persisted, if only to get it all off his chest. On a whim, he grabbed Tony’s hands and held tight, his fingers curling easily around the man’s slim wrists. Tony looked down at them blankly, and Steve squeezed.
“Wanna stop off and get donuts for breakfast?” Steve asked him when he hopped into the driver’s seat, and once Tony nodded in agreement, he hit the gas and they were gone.
And so that was what he did. He worked, and he kept himself busy, and by the time the morning light started to filter in through the windows he’d gotten…well, not very far, but it was still better than nothing. Steve would probably be pissed when he woke up and saw that Tony had never actually gone back to bed, but Tony just felt like he was in the wrong state of mind to be sleeping, and anyway, he was doing them all a favour. He was doing this for Peter. So that he could be safe, and he could go to a real home, where nothing blew up and no one turned huge and green and there weren’t weapons casually strewn around the fucking room.
“They can’t get out once they reach the basement. It’s one-way. We’ll all meet them there, block them in and take them down before they can get anything important.”
Tony laughed. His shoulders moved up and down in a shrug, and Steve watched as his hand curled around Steve’s own, tugging a little when Tony suddenly jumped to his feet and took Steve up with him. “Does it matter?” He asked with a smile, “I’m not there now. I’m with you. Hey, actually, that reminds me: you eaten breakfast yet?”
Steve nodded, glancing over at Tony for a second before pulling his gaze back to her. “Yeah,” he agreed with a smile, “Yeah, I am.”
enough to think…” Tony trailed off, shaking his head as he looked down fiercely at the table. His eyes were wet again, his voice throaty and defeated as he muttered, “Rumlow was right. I really am an idiot.”
“Dad is out working, young man, now I’m sure you can manage to make the perilous journey from here to the garbage can without complaining, yes?” She asked him, smacking him gently over the head before blowing a kiss to Steve, “you just eat your breakfast, love- I’ll be back at five.”
Peter sniffled, not wanting his Pops to start explaining what was going to happen, but knowing the talk had to come sometime anyway. “Fine,” he said gruffly, turning on his bed so that his Pops couldn’t see his face when he walked in.
Tony looked sideways at him, and then nodded. His eyes were slightly narrowed, like he was trying to work Steve out. That was understandable. This was quite a severe change in tune. “Why are you doing this?” He asked bluntly.
“He’s not responding,” Steve responded shakily. Tony was unsure how long it had been since he’d gone down. Maybe he’d blacked out. “I think we’re too far down in the… He’s not fucking… fuck.
There was silence and the room, and then a collective sigh seemed to ripple across the crowd. “Tony-” Clint began, pausing for a moment, and biting his lip.
With a groan, Steve rolled over, debating whether or not to just ignore them and fall back to sleep again. The thought was very tempting- he did not function well in the morning hours, and it took a while to stretch his temper out to acceptable human-interaction levels. Chances were, the person on the other side of the door wasn’t going to be getting a great welcome if he did actually leave his room.
But the team just shrugged. “No, don’t worry,” Natasha told him with a pat against the shoulder, “Colonel Rhodes flew in and helped out with the War Machine armour.”
“We might,” the bigger one shrugged casually, sneer curling on his lip, but Steve didn’t quail under it. It wasn’t even a decent sneer. “You might wanna watch yourself, Rogers.”
It’d happened too fast Tony hadn’t even had to time to register what was going on until Steve was already flying across the room. DUM-E had knocked over one of the poles, and Steve had caught it before it could land on Tony. In the process, he’d been shocked with enough current to kill a man twice over. Tony knew. He’d done the math while he’d been scrambling over, crying Steve’s name in terror. His knees hit the floor next to Steve’s body and his hands went to the man’s face, clutching at him. “Steve?” he shouted, “Steve, can you hear me?
“I’ll get you out, Steve. It’s gonna be okay. I have a med-bay at my safehouse. You’ve lost some blood, but you’ll be fine.”
Shutting his eyes, he pressed down on the back of the reactor, feeling the jolt of Steve’s body as the electricity ran through him. His chest was fast gong from aching to unbearable, and he knew he wasn’t going to remain conscious for much longer. JARVIS would have signalled one of the team by that point, and they’d be coming down here as fast as they could. Maybe they’d be able to help Steve once he became useless.
Tony shut his eyes and let himself giggle as Steve leaned down and then started pressing dozens of messy kisses into his face, making exaggerated ‘mwah’ noises as he set each one down. “Yes, I can see that,” he responded, hands curling around Steve’s neck. “Steve, sweetie, I’m happy to see you too.”
He wiped a hand across his face briskly, sucking in a sharp breath as he composed himself. A million things to do, and here he was, sat crying on the floor feeling fucking sorry for himself. Steve was right; he probably needed to go to bed. Busy day tomorrow and all that.
He kept his mouth shut and chewed on his fries, sitting silently as all his friends talked around him- about the fight, about the upcoming mission in Montreal that Tony was also not invited to- things that, in any normal circumstance, Tony would probably have been able to interject with or at least contribute to. Except now he felt as if he was intruding.
He felt Steve’s eyes on him as he sat himself down on his desk and took a steadying breath, pulling open one of his drawers. He was sure there was a bottle of whiskey stuffed in there somewhere which might help ease the complete agony that his head was currently in.
He didn’t know why else Tony would have acted like that. He was out, Steve was almost sure of it- pretty much everyone in school knew everything about him, although God knows why, and Tony didn’t exactly try and hide the fact he went for guys too. So there were no other things that Steve could think of as to why Tony would have reacted like that, aside from the fact that… well, that Tony just wasn’t supposed to be seen hanging around with someone like Steve Rogers.
Steve huffed. “That’ll be ‘cause my nose is a little out of action right now. But I’m… I’m fine. Mostly.” When James said nothing, choosing instead to wait, Steve blinked and tried to find the words. “I just had an issue today. With Tony. He, uh, went a bit… weird on me.”
"Aren't you guys supposed to be like, my friends or something?" Clint muttered, picking at his sandwich whilst his free hand absently crafted some sort of catapult, "I'm sure that was in the contract I signed."
happened- dialled everything back up a notch or two, and it was only when Tony twisted around and then leaned into Steve’s front that he came back to reality once more. He looked down, his nose brushing Tony’s soft and freshly-washed curls as he did so. They smelled like apples from his shampoo. It was nice, and he took a long breath in.
Howard’s voice was getting progressively louder, and Steve’s nails dug into his palms so hard that he felt the skin break.
“You ready?” Bucky asked him quietly, and Steve cocked his head a little, keeping his eyes on the target ahead as he shrugged.
“If I find him, I can carry him down, or at the very least I can get back down the mountain quicker than anyone else and relay their coordinates,” Steve argued, his voice firm, “no one who’s with him right now is strong enough for that. And anyway- once you get to the foot of the mountain it’s easy enough to find your way to civilization.” Sensing that Clint was gearing up to argue further, Steve just shook his head and took a step backward. “I’m not going with you, guys. I… I can’t leave him.”
“Alive,” Bruce gasped, steadying him with two hands on his chest before Steve could go any further, “but in a bad way. Be gentle.”
His phone started ringing in his hands, and he swiped up instinctively when he saw Bucky’s face flashing on the screen. “You literally just sent me a message,” Steve began with, hopping up the stairs and making his way through the parking lot, “now you just look clingy.”
“Damn right you couldn’t,” Bucky nodded grumpily, starting up the engine again. There was a small frown on his face, however. “So he just, what, saw you all messed up and told you to shut it, or somethin’?”
He was told to cut the day short by Pepper, in the end. She offered him a weary smile and a soft hand stroking across his cheek, told him it was all going to be fine, and in her head he knew that she was seeing the same headline as he was: ‘Stark’s sex-tape scandal’, bold letters, the blurry picture of his younger face plastered over all platforms of social media.
Tony’s head tilted, and a small smile tugged at the corners of his mouth. “Why Rogers,” he said through a sigh, “when you put it like that, how on Earth can a fella resist?”
. Looking at Tony’s pen. Looking at every part of Tony’s life around him in this room, frozen in time, on pause but never to be resumed. It was a lived-in space. It was a room that Tony had been supposed to come back to. Nothing was packed, organised, neat in the face of a foreseeable ending. It was just like every other bedroom someone came back to every day.
“Get out,” he told Steve harshly, jerking a thumb behind him, “you’re not authorised to be in here.”
“Love you too, Peggs,” Steve muttered, moving slowly to his feet from the couch which has been slowly swallowing him. His ass had left an imprint. “Give me the money, Nat- you all want the same as last time. Right?”
He knew the scene probably looked far too domestic to be platonic, and if anyone walked in on them right now, Tony would be dead. Not that anyone
“I do not like the insinuation there at all,” Tony told him, even as his hands moved and curled around Steve’s neck, “make it up to me right now.”
But Tony turned into him, hands slipping around Steve’s waist as he gazed upward through the decadent curl of his lashes. Steve was never going to get used to how beautiful Tony looked up close; something so strangely intimate and lovely about being the only person who got near enough to count his eyelashes or spot the little freckle just peeking out of his hairline. Things saved only for Steve.
time!” Steve spluttered, cheeks turning red as he looked at Thor, who simply stared in amused surprise, “Bucky dared me and I was broke. That’s capitalism’s fault, not mine.”
He turned his head to Tony, who was already up and scrambling to find his pants. “JARVIS?” He yelled tersely.
Tony shuffled on to the bed, throwing all doubts out of the window as he burrowed down into Steve’s arms, forehead pressed up against Steve’s chest.
have. They didn’t have the tech to do it so fast. Unless they’d developed a better method. Potentially the method they’d used to train up the newest batch of assets.
Steve sniggered a little, shaking his head as he grabbed Tony’s flailing hand and pulled him inside. “I’m kidding, Tony, breathe. Sorry. You’re only like, 50 minutes late. Well, I say ‘only’-“
Steve pulled a face, entirely aware of the sudden change in conversation- a typical avoidance tactic. But Tony obviously didn’t want to talk about it further, and Steve got that. Sometimes those sorts of things just stung a little too much. “Nah- too busy hauling ass over here.”
“Well you know what, Steve, maybe if I had been a better partner to you while you were going through one of the darkest periods of your fucking life, we never would have split up and I could have explained Iron Man to you a year earlier so that none of this would have happened at all!” Tony waved his hands emphatically through the air and then sighed, slumping back into his chair. “You see what I’m trying to say here? If we go back far enough, there’s always someone else to blame. We can’t do that to ourselves. You made mistakes, I made mistakes. But you miss me. And I miss you. And—and I don’t know about you, but God, Steve, I meant it when I said I never stopped loving you. I’m not expecting that back or anything, but I won’t let you just wander the streets aimlessly until you get arrested. Okay? I won’t do it.”
He thought about it a lot during that biology class, actually. How, if he were to go on a date with Tony Stark (for
“Yeah,” he murmured with a note of finality, kissing Tony's cheek before settling back into the pillows, “Just a dream, was all.”
There was paint everywhere; fingerprint marks across his suit jacket, streaks marking the crisp white shirt and a few different shades of blue in his neatly styled hair, but Tony didn’t care. How the fuck could he care, when Steve was right there, covered in colour and sucking in shaking breaths and he hefted Tony up and pressed him against the wall, strong and beautiful and
“So that’s Thor,” he declared with a grin, “he’s one of my favourites. You’d love him. I know I say that about all my friends, but you would. Thor is like- like sunshine or something.” He crossed his arms and felt his teeth start to chatter. God, it really was freezing. “I don’t think I’m gonna stay much longer. But it’s December, so I just wanted to stop by, say hey. I miss your stupid cookies.”
Tony blinked and tried to swallow, feeling the lump in his throat scratching through him. He remembered the first time he’d thought that when Steve had hit him- and the second, and the third. Clint’s words, that Tony had overheard in the living room before they’d noticed him entering, bounced around in his head like a siren.
, for Christ’s sake. What else was he hiding? What else was there to the boy who’d caught his eye on the very first day and never really let go since?
Sat on the bed and curled around his phone as he watched the words appear steadily on his screen in Tony’s familiar style, Steve realized that he’d really like to get used to this.
“I won’t,” Steve promised honestly, because it sounded like the AI cared about Tony just as much as Rhodey did, going from the way they both swung between mildly threatening and deeply imploring in attempts to defend Tony from the threats Steve potentially posed,  “I swear. He deserves people who care about him. And I want to be one of those people. I mean, hell, I’m pretty much in lo-“
In the tower, the world felt quieter. They didn’t meet any of the team while Steve fixed them up some sandwiches, but Tony felt himself be calmed by the fact that he knew they were present all the same, sleeping in the floors above and below him. It felt like protection from all sides.
“Not… that was after you’d left,” Tony said unevenly, “but I’d been on the brink of working it all out at that point. I’m still—I’m still trying to get them all back, even now. Everything he sold to all the scummiest people in the world. And you wouldn’t believe some of the places they ended up and the things I’ve found, Steve. It’s gone deeper than just weapons now.” He palmed a hand over his head, and for a moment he looked achingly tired. Worn down. But that only lasted a second or two, before he straightened his spine and stared ahead, jaw clenched determinedly. “But like I said- I’m getting them back and I’m gonna fix what I can. That’s how I know Fort Oswald is never going to go through with that arms deal. I guarantee there is a stash of my weapons there, and soon they’re gonna be back in my control, where I can destroy them before anyone else uses them.”
He knew he’d been an idiot. The whole event was just fucking humiliating, and he just… he wanted to go home and fucking forget about it. That was all. Once they were home, Steve would stop being so flighty. The team would stop looking so goddamn guilty all the fucking time, and everything could just be
She waved goodbye as she walked out of the house, and Steve watched her leave fondly. Mrs Wilson was the best. “Hey, Sam, don’t forget the newspapers out on the counter!”
he hissed desperately, reactor going back to Steve’s chest, “come on sweetheart, you’re not fucking dying on me today.”
Tony had no idea what to say. He was pretty sure his brain had just frozen up at that point, unable to handle so many things at once. Steve was going to break up with him. This seemed like a strange thing to do for someone you were going to break up with.
“-Anyway, we were just heading out to the Royale down near Park Avenue, you heard of it? They do the most amazing Lobster Thermidor, seriously- you two should come. We can catch up, it’ll be fun!” One of them said, and he almost wanted to laugh as he looked down at his shoes- second hand converse that Bucky had given to him three years back when he’d outgrown them- and wondered if they’d even let him in to that restaurant when he looked like that.
She didn’t even look up from her phone. “Steve, I watched you walk out of this same store with an entirely different outfit to the one you came in with, once.”
“-and, I mean, there’s so much we don’t know yet, and probably never will. It frustrates the damn hell out of me. I hate not knowing stuff. Main reason I never pursued astronomy or theoretical physics.
things, even when they were stupid and boring, like baseball. “It’s just a bit of fun,” he said, pulling a face, “you don’t need to take such a strong stance about it. All it is is an excuse for people to dress up and for kids to eat candy and watch scary films—”
There was one final crash, and then Steve watched, horror-stricken, as the entire ledge, aircraft and all, simply fell away.
Tony nodded imperceptibly, the final proof that this was it; that Tony truly did trust him blindly. After all these years, all the hardships, Tony was letting Steve hold his hand on the battlefield and obeying his word, even it killed both of them.
“Deep breaths, Bruce,” he said calmly, wincing at the sound of a plate hitting the floor. He glanced back at Steve, who was now helping Natasha try and pin the robot to the floor. “Don’t go Green.
Natasha laughed softly up above him, and he felt himself slowly drift off into that hazy place that came just before the pain started to hit properly. He knew he was in a bad way, and that the tones Natasha and Bruce were speaking in didn’t exactly spell good things, but in that moment he couldn’t say he felt particularly endangered. The morphine was still working, and he was surrounded by people that he trusted with his life. He knew they’d been in worse scenarios than this. They’d all be okay.
