He pauses, goes on before Dean can even think of a reply. “But if this is Heaven, I…
without breaking down . . .
They pause at the edge of the hole. There seems to be nothing inside but a dark red void, like a sea of old blood.
Dean pulls back and searches Castiel’s face for the answer. “Tell me you want this, Cas.”
“Yeah! Oh! Oh! We could have a
Dean didn't move his head from Castiel's shoulder, but he reached his arms out and wrapped them around his body. “Then I'm happy, too, babe.”
anything to anyone. This . . . this
His stomach didn't so much unclench as free fall straight into his intestines
Charlie huffed dramatically to a stop in front of Castiel's table. “Damn!” she said as she dropped her messenger bag onto one of the chairs in front of her. “The traffic was
Shit.
began to fall off a couple years later I was a bit disappointed, I guess, though I wasn't really worried. Our lives were busy and besides, I thought I was simply getting over the 'honeymoon stage' and that I'd eventually find my level again, as it were.” He paused, frowning. “But I didn't. Things got worse instead. I began to feel uneasy in my body, as if it didn't fit anymore. I was restless and anxious; I could never get completely comfortable. It got so that I would look in the mirror and not know who or what I was looking at. I felt alien, slow and useless and ugly. For some reason, sex intensified these feelings, so I started to avoid it, unconsciously at first, then consciously. I stopped making the first move; I made excuses; I ignored your hints and suggestions until you just stopped making them.”
Castiel must have given him an incredulous look because Dean said, affronted. “What? I read.”
Charlie was staring at him, hands pressed against her mouth, eyes wide and glistening. Castiel started, concerned. He'd been so wrapped up in his own thoughts that he hadn't been paying attention to his friend's reactions. “What's the matter?” he asked worriedly. “Did I say something wrong? Are you all right?”
“Oh,” Charlie squeaked from behind her hands. “That's just so great, Cas. I'm so glad for you!”
Frustration shot through him. He felt as if Dean was just humoring him, trying not to upset the “fragile woman” – because it couldn't possibly be this easy. Could it? “Damn it, Dean, did you even hear what I said?” he demanded. “
guy,” Castiel pointed out, smiling in the dark.
to change his shape to match his self, he no longer felt ugly and untouchable
After that, everything was different. All morning Castiel had been in a froth of confusion, embarrassment, and—call it what it was—lust, but after interacting with Dean at lunch, and after Benny's small revelations, he felt as if he'd got a bit of a handle on things. A handle on one Dean Winchester, specifically.
attractive, dammit.
, Cas.”
it. He tried an innuendo or two himself, but he'd never been good at that, and Dean had just looked at him like Castiel had handed him a dead eel and turned back to work with a polite but puzzled smile.
Dean made a noise like
Dean took in a shaky breath, trying to wrench his mind back from distress at Cas' pain to the promise of those fingers, but it didn't seem to matter, because his dick was way ahead of him. “I can do that,” he managed, a sloppy grin tugging at his mouth.
He threw himself on the couch and pulled up the sudoku app on his tablet.
“Bullshit,” Dean said calmly. “'Course I can.” He turned and started rooting through Benny's lunch cooler.
him?”
afraid now, and it's surprising and – and
Dean grunted noncommittally as he pulled away from the curb, but one corner of his mouth twitched.
Castiel's head felt like someone had tossed it in the washer and pressed “extra spin.” “Charlie, I can't go around with – with squashed boobs,” he said, lowering his voice to a whisper on the last two words.
“You gonna say your goodbyes?”
Dean has had far worse Christmases.
“Of course,” Cas agrees easily, and then his lips are brushing soft and tender against Dean’s in a kiss that conveys more than any words can.
“And,” Cas says, smoothing his hand over the curve of Dean’s ass. “I know you’re wearing those pretty pink panties, Dean.”
It’s good. Refreshing. Dean closes his eyes and just takes in the stillness. The lack of noise. Let’s it wash over him.
Dean has never had a huge fascination with motorcycles, not until Jason Todd. He’d briefly flirted with the idea of buying one when he was a teenager, mainly because he figured he could pick one up dirt cheap, but his dad had made one of his few parental decrees and nixed the idea. Why he thought motorcycles were too dangerous but figured it was okay to routinely leave his kids alone in motels in the seediest parts of towns Dean couldn’t even begin to guess.
Honestly, he’s starting to come to the conclusion that he’s just not cut out for this dating malarkey.
“Dean,” Cas says, and he’s not laughing, not even a tiny bit as he escorts Dean to his trailer. “I’m angry that you lied to me. I’m angry that you thought you
Cas doesn’t look appeased. “Just because I don’t always conform to society’s norms does not make me a deviant.”
“I was following Alastair. Trying to figure out what he was up to. And I fucked up. He spotted me. Obviously recognized me. Jumped in his car, ran a red light at exactly the wrong time, a police car attempted to pull him over. He refused, probably thinking they knew who he was, took off like a madman and—”
“Seriously?” Dean asks, smirking, and shaking the offered hand, which is large and warm and has a strength that leaves Dean’s skin tingling. “You’re a knight?”
Dean glances at Cas out of the corner of his eye. The alpha looks beautifully flustered. His tie twisted artfully against his rumpled shirt and his dark hair even more disheveled than normal. “Would you say this was our first date?” Dean grins at Ellen, even flashing her a cheeky wink. “I mean we’ve met before. I’d say this was more like a third date? Is kissing a third date sanctioned activity?”
Dean’s cheeks are full of waffle so he simply grins back at Charlie like a smug chipmunk.
“While we were students,” Cas thankfully goes on to say. “Way before Lisa met you.”
Of course he heard. Nothing in this place stays secret. Dean shoves his hands in his pockets and turns to glare at Zachariah.
Dean scowls and flicks his sunglasses down from where they were balanced on top of his head to cover his eyes. “Shut the fuck up, asshole. See if I admit my darkest secrets to you again.”
“Nope,” Dean says.
Dean didn’t know how he’d feel setting eyes on his mother for the first time since he was nearly five years old, but he definitely didn’t expect to feel this overwhelmingly angry.
When he opens the door to the conservatory and finds Benny waiting for him, he figures he’s here to give Dean another lecture before the alpha appears.
“No,” Dean says. “She doesn’t. She didn’t make a mistake. She made a choice. And she didn’t choose me and Sam. She chose herself. Well, as far as I’m concerned, she can live with that.”
“Oh my god, Ellen,” Dean groans.
“I think.” Dean coughs, blood spraying from his mouth. His voice is hoarse and broken but he carries on regardless. “I think he’ll hunt you down and rip... rip you apart.”
“Fuck,” Cas hisses.
“Dean?”
Dean silently seethes at his patronizing tone. God, the dude is such a self-satisfied douchebag, always looking down his nose at Dean. And, so what if Dean doesn’t have freaking Instagram or Snapbook or whatever else everyone seems to spend so much time staring at their phones for. It’s not because he can’t figure out that shit, it’s because he’s got better things to do with his time. Well, he used to anyway.
“Cas!” Dean greets him, fake cheerfully. “Good to see you again, man.”
Dean rolls over onto his back, his legs splaying wide. “Need you,” he says, his hand skimming down his stomach towards his dick. “Please, alphas.”
“Dean?” Stuart says, meaty hand surprisingly gentle on Dean’s chest. “We’re gonna get you down, okay?”
Benny grins at him in agreement. “You know a few of us get together on Christmas Eve for drinks and dinner at a local bar. Gordon, Carmen, some of the regulars from here here at the gym. It’s nothing fancy but we have a good time. It would be great if you came along?”
“Ah, you’re awake.”
The bartender, Gunner apparently, busts out into peals of laughter. “Deviant horseplay? The kid’s playing pool, you old fool. So, either get the hell out, or shut the hell up. And for Christ sake stop staring at the kid’s ass. He’s way out of your league.”
Throwing his serviette on his empty plate, Cain stands up. “You, Dean Winchester, are lacking nothing. You were searching for the love and attention you should have had since you were a child. Especially an omega child. What you don’t appreciate is that Benny, Cas and I have wanted nothing more than to bring you into our home and  lavish you with love and affection ever since we first met you. I truly believe you were born to be part of a pack, Dean, part of
Dean swallows a nervous lump in his throat, flexes his hands and shifts on his feet. The two guys track his movements. “You seriously think you’re gonna get away with this? That no one here’s gonna notice this kind of commotion? That Crowley won’t see what’s going on?”
Dean groans louder than he intended.
“Dean,” Cas says, a shadow of his normal gravel-pitched voice. Dean forces himself to relax under Cas. Let’s his muscles go lax. He winks up at his boyfriend like they’re at home lying by the pool rather than on a cold bathroom floor.
“Jesus,” Dean growls. “Am I the last one to fucking hear about this?”
“It’s not a crappy movie,” Dean grumbles. Pins and needles are shooting down his arms, his knees are jelly and he’s lost all feeling in his hands; his body needs a few minutes to find its equilibrium. But more than that, he needs some peace and privacy. A little time alone to shake Jason Todd from his head.
“An illness that might kill you. Slowly and painfully. And no… you shouldn’t settle. But you shouldn’t be wasting your time with someone you know isn’t a possible mate either.”
There’s another round of hugs, a few blinked away tears from Sam, and then Dean is watching his dad and brother waving goodbye through his rearview mirror.
“No,” Cas backtracks immediately. “Absolutely not.”
“So, instead of talking about it, you cheated on me?”
Sam groans when he walks into Dean’s trailer just a few minutes after Dean and Cas arrive. Though, that’s more to do with the way Cas is crowding Dean up against the wall, mouth latched on to his neck, rather than any psychic vision of what they’d been up to an hour previously.
“Okay,” Sam says, coolly. “So why talk to the press now?”
Then he takes a swing. Dean, caught unawares, stands there gawking like a fucking idiot while the guy slashes at him. The knife slices right through the sleeve of his jacket. Dean stares at his arm, numb, not believing this is happening. The guy doesn’t hesitate before striking again. Jabs the knife towards Dean’s belly. It doesn’t go deep, but it does break flesh. And the flash of pain is enough to wake Dean up. The third thrust of the knife is aimed more viciously, but this time Dean manages to dodge back out of the way.
Dean squirms. He shouldn’t be here.
“What, Sammy?” Dean’s walking fast, conscious that Sam’s short legs are almost running to keep up but too worried about being late to slow down. Dad dropped them off three blocks from the school because he had to go in the opposite direction to make it to work in time, and it’s Dean’s job to make sure they aren’t late.
“No, I’ve told you before, Jeb. I don’t stand for that kind of language in my bar. Once you’ve sobered up, you can come back tomorrow with an apology and I might just serve you.”
In the end, it takes three of Cas’ yoga students to separate them.
“You could say that,” he replies, fingers reaching inside his jacket. Dean holds out his hand for the guy’s lighter and then blinks in surprise when he produces a knife instead.
“I don’t think you should be wasting your time hanging out with some slimy dickbag you know isn’t the right fit for you,” Charlie says. “You need to find something real. An alpha you want to spend the rest of your life with.”
Dean feels like he’s swallowed a lump of lead.
“Dean,” Cas says, exasperated. “You’re going into heat.”
“Charlie?” Dean parrots, not letting Cas go any further. He can’t believe Cas has gotten Charlie tangled up in this mess. “What the hell? Why did you involve her in anything to do with Alastair again? It was bad enough you had her checking out my goddamn mother. At least that wasn’t dangerous. Jesus! This is screwed up.”
That hand puppet. Dean shivers. Creepy little sock-thing gives Dean the heebie-jeebies. Thankfully, Garth hasn’t tried to use Mr. Fizzles near him since Dean threatened to staple its mouth shut.
“But what?” Benny asks. “What have you got to lose by sticking around another few days? Honestly? Why don’t you give us all another chance? If you still want to leave at least you’ll know you’ve given it your best shot. You don’t strike me as a quitter.”
Cas stops halfway. “This is a bad idea.”
Figuring that he should be safe since Cas’s hands are temporarily free of anything heavy or sharp, Dean slides in behind him, wrapping his arms around Cas’s waist, resting his chin on his boyfriend’s shoulder. “I know. I’m sorry. I’m not excusing that. But it was good business to him, pure and simple. He’s a damn fine director though, Cas, and he respects me more than Marv ever did. I want to finish making this movie. And I want it to be awesome. At this point Crowley’s the best chance for that.”
Dean glares at Cas out of the corner of his eye when he hears the smile in his voice.
“Told you,” Gordon snarls, waving his finger in Dean’s face. “Don’t fucking tell me what to do.”
“Dean,” Lisa sighs. “I’m forty-three, you’re forty. We’re not kids anymore but we’re still young enough to make new lives for ourselves. To be happy. I don’t want to waste any more time.”
Dean squints bleary up at Cas who’s staring down at him, a mug of coffee in his hand.
Crowley turns and surveys the room like he’s the king of his own private domain. Not just like he owns the club, but like he owns everything and everyone in it. “This is where I feel most alive. This is who I am.”
“Perhaps if you didn’t put your socks in the refrigerator it wouldn’t smell like feet!”
He cleans his teeth first, looking at himself in the huge bathroom mirror. He definitely looks like he’s had a wild time of it. His hair is worryingly sticky and spiking up in every direction like a punk hedgehog. His lips definitely look puffier than normal, swollen and sensitive. And his legs are more bowed than ever. His skin is a canvas of possessive fingermarks, bruises, and hickeys.
“Everything okay?” Cas asks, walking into the kitchen, half-naked and dripping water from the pool. The question is innocent, but Dean can tell that the smirky asshole overheard at least the end of Dean’s conversation.
“I… yes. Yes… of fucking course I will,” Dean laughs, almost falling off the motorcycle as he twists around to look at Cas. To make sure he’s serious.
today. I think some time for reflection is needed. Some solitary reflection.”
“No, it was an investment first and foremost. And a place we could all relax.”
Dean stands awkwardly, playing with his tie, watching Ellen pace up and down the hallway.
“Come back to bed, Dean,” Cas mumbles against his shoulder.
And combined with Cas’ aroma, well… Dean’s knees start to feel weak.
“God. Fuck. Yeah.”
Dean sighs. “It’s just… my sense of smell is driving me fucking insane.”
Automatically Dean glances at Cain who’s simply watching with a soft expression. Dean sucks at his beer like a drowning man, only to discover he’s slurping down the dregs from the bottom of the bottle.
“Call me,” Sam says, wrapping his octopus arms around Dean for a last hug before he shoves him towards the security line. “And think about using that dating app I downloaded on your phone.”
“I know you don't trust me, Dean,” Mary starts. “But I swear, when I got back in touch with you boys it wasn’t for any underhanded reason.”
“That’s a start,” Ellen agrees. “But we still need you to help us to help you.”
Unhesitating, Dean takes his hand and lets Cas tug him upright. Then he kisses him. Deep and passionate and holding nothing back. The kind of kiss that says I love you even when the words are still out of reach. Also, Dean hopes, the kind of kiss that leads to some seriously raunchy sex. In a bed this time. His knees are still sore from the kitchen floor. And his back is still aching.
“No, Sammy.” Dean cuts off Sam’s incoming whine. “I know we don’t discuss this gender shit, just like we don’t talk about mom, or how much dad drinks every day. But the fact is, I’m a twenty-two-year-old unmated omega. You know as well as I do that a Den is pretty much my only option.”
“It’s okay, Sam.
Dean gapes at him.
As Dean expected, Ellen isn’t impressed. But other than lock him in his room which would break all kinds of rules, there’s not much she can do. As he points out to her while he’s throwing a change of clothes into his bag. He came here to find an alpha so at least her job is done.
“You came back?” Sam says. Dean can hear forgiveness already softening the edges of his question.
Dean’s grip tightens on the whisky glass but he keeps his mouth shut. Jaw clenched hard enough for a jagged pain to shoot through his skull.
Benny laughs. “Don’t you worry, your lady is safe and sound, locked up in the garage. She’ll be ready to go when you are.”
This time though, when he stumbles up his trailer steps on heavy legs, opens the door and flicks on the light switch, he stops in his tracks.
Dean blinks up at Cas. That’s a lot of information to make sense of. His mind was stuck on the bad idea thing until Cas mentioned the fucking Alfie thing and he’s only just catching up to the feelings thing when Cas kisses him again.
“We’re getting hitched.” Dean grins, hiccupping as he tries to prevent another unmanly giggle from escaping.
Well, that’s a disturbing thought. Dean scrunches his nose up. “First of all, ew, no! Second, I’m twenty-two not a kid. And it’s not the same at all. They aren’t in any position of power over me. They aren’t pressuring me into anything. And I’m here voluntarily so if there’s an issue with ethics, I’m quite happy to leave now. Come one, Charlie, I thought you would be happy for me.”
Dean’s stomach drops when he hears Ben’s shrill tone.
“Not long,” Cas says. “Meg and I spent much of the night talking. Or, well, arguing to be honest. Once she went to bed, I decided to come here rather than stay in the house. Would you like a hand up off the floor?”
“You can try and brush it off all you like, but the truth is your head is a horror movie right now. It’s hardly surprising after everything that happened with Alastair in Scotland.”
“Dean—”
Dean snorts and leans back. “Dude, I’m not scared of you. I could take you down, alpha or not.”
“I know,” Lisa backtracks immediately. “I’m sorry. But you have to admit you two are close. Plus you love kids. I figured if you didn’t have anything to stay here for, you’d want to be closer to Sam and Eileen when the baby came.”
“Well, you and Sam sure seem to think I am, otherwise you wouldn’t be treating me like a fucking child!”
He happily leaves behind the car keys for the Prius that Lisa bought for his birthday the year before (and which he has driven exactly once), and the truck she bought him for their tenth wedding anniversary. Christ, even back then she was sleeping with Meg. It was probably a guilt truck.
Dean studies his brother’s expression, and doesn’t much like what he sees. He keeps his voice level when he replies though. “You and Cas aren’t keeping secrets from me again, are you?”
Dean swallows the lump in his throat, and the last of his pride, and steps out from behind the screen. Acts as confident as he can while buck-naked.
Dean stops him right there. “I’m fine.”
Cas shakes his head. “Perhaps they’re expanding the business again?”
has done.”
“Talk to us, cher,” Benny says. “What’s troubling you? You having regrets?”
Sam shakes his head firmly, mouth twitching into a forced smile that only sets Dean further on edge.
Dean’s jaw drops.
“Shit,” Sam says. “You okay?”
He stands and stares, fingers white-knuckled on the back of a chair.
Dean’s dick should not approve of the cheesy dialogue. Definitely not of the daddy kink. He shouldn’t even still be standing there. This is a gross violation of Cas’ privacy. Dean should be ashamed of himself. He still doesn’t move.
“Dean.”
Sam, poking at buttons on his cellphone, flashes Dean a sympathetic smile as he heaves himself off the sofa to visits the bathroom before he heads across the set. By the time he leaves his trailer, Sam is in full on professional-pissed-lawyer mode, laying in to someone on the phone.
“So, what... I should thank her for walking out? Just because everything turned out peachy? Sure, ‘cause whatever. It doesn’t matter that I never had a childhood, right? That I had to explain to Sam why our mom left when I didn’t know myself. That some days I had to steal bread and peanut butter just so we wouldn’t starve. It doesn’t matter the shit I had to do just to make sure we survived.”
on the stove. Given Cas’ panicked reaction to the flames billowing from the pan, Dean thinks that one might have been an accident.
“Dude,” Dean says, looking up at him. “I don’t know. I tossed out the crap that was out of date.”
He runs his fingers across his belly.
Dean, truthfully, is pretty damn glad too, but he’s more embarrassed than anything right now.
Dean leans forward, cups Cas’s cheek in his palm and kisses him, barely a brush of lips. The tension eases slowly from Cas’s shoulders. “We will be.”
“No, he didn’t,” Dean argues, because that’s not possible. One punch does not knock out Dean Winchester.
“You don’t think you and Lisa could sort the details of the divorce out between you?” Sam asks tentatively. “I mean, she cheated on you. She really doesn’t have a leg to stand on. You should be able to get a damn good settlement without too much of a fight. You helped her start the business after all. And you pretty much raised Ben single-handed.”
“They never should have hired that talentless egomaniac in the first place,” Sam complains, not for the first time. “If Dean hadn’t been so desperate to play this stupid role-”
“What is your problem, Gordon? You don’t even know me.”
Benny shakes his head. “Dean, that ain’t how it is. I thought you understood.”
Cas looks down at his plate and then back up at Dean. “Eating lunch?”
Crowley arches a brow.
“Yes, Dean,” Cas replies, solemnly. “That’s all that matters.”
Dean’s not sure. But if Crowley salvages Marv’s mess, he thinks he wouldn’t actually mind taking Jason Todd out for another spin.
Dean nods, tilts his head to accept a kiss from Cas, and tries not to feel strangely abandoned when he strides away, purpose in every step and anger in the iron rod of his spine.
“You know what we haven’t had in here for a while… an omega rally.”
“What kind of weapon? Jesus, how the hell did he make it through the doors with a goddamn weapon? Don’t they check for that shit?” Sam growls.
“This was not how the night was supposed to go.”
“Hey dudettes, how’s it hanging?” Ash drops down into a seat at their table. He’s another of the omega residents, the only other male omega here right now, and a nice enough guy despite his hideous mullet and stoner attitude. Dean had been shocked to learn he’s been here for nearly seven months. Dean can’t imagine being stuck in this place, however nice it appears, for that long. According to Charlie though, it’s not that unusual. Omegas aren’t encouraged to rush into relationships. Courting is supposed to happen at a steady and natural pace.
“You heading off later?”
“Dean, give Sam a chance to explain,” Cas says. Reprimands, like a school teacher and Dean’s an unruly kindergartener. Dean glares at him.
Cas stands, hands raised in front of him, palms towards Dean. When he speaks his voice is horse-whisperer calm. “Dean, he’s not worth it.”
If he can’t trust them, he can’t trust anyone.
Breakfast consists of crappy coffee in his room. He doesn’t want to see Charlie in the dining hall. His stomach is too messed up to even consider eating anyway.
“Fine,” Dean says, flat. “Organize it, and I’ll be there.”
? If he’d abducted you like he did me? Jesus, Cas, you were on your own out there. Would anyone have known you were in trouble? Did you have back-up? Did anyone even know where you were?”
“Anything?” Dean says, grinning just a little maniacally.
Cas nods.
“But, it’s not like... like that psycho is still hunting my ass, is it?” Dean says, frustrated even though he knows Cas and Sam are just looking out for him. “We’re not at Defcon One or anything, are we?”
Ellen arches a withering look at him. “But we can only help you if you let us.”
Dean had forgotten just how hard Charlie could punch. Thank God for his leather jacket. “They didn’t drag me in. You think they would make me do something I didn’t want to? You think they could, huh? And you think you’re not worth a few hours of my time? Seriously?”
The second glass tastes just as disgusting as the first but Dean does feel more of his nerves melt away.
“You know, brother,” Benny says, after a second. “You could just tell him.”
Dean’s having trouble figuring out the dynamics here because Cain and Cas are definitely a couple, but Cas and Benny are obviously also a couple. Also, it’s none of Dean’s damn business.
“Look,” Dean eventually says, resigned to the fact that Sam won’t let this drop, and wishing he’d cleaned the fake blood from his face before he sat down. Seeing his brother resemble the victim of a serial killer probably isn’t helping Sam’s mood any. “This scene... Cas had nightmares for weeks after he watched us shoot it the first time, okay? Me, tied up, tortured and killed... it’s a little close to the bone. For all of us. You included. There’s no point in all of us having to deal with this crap over and over.”
Dad taking his temper out on Dean is one thing, taking it out on Sam is not an option.
Cas just stares at him for a second, head tilted to the side and eyes squinting against the sun. Dean’s waiting for his normal response that what he did was too little, too late, but Cas’s years of therapy and weirdo mindfulness crap is apparently finally paying off because he lets Dean’s stout defense of his actions go with just a small nod.
Bottle of whisky still gripped in his hand, Dean storms up to their bedroom, grabs a bag from the closet, and starts shoving things in it randomly. He doesn’t have a clue what he’s doing, just knows that he has to get out of this house and away from Lisa before he breaks down completely.
Dean still huffs though. “So, no dodging the paps. No leaving in a blaze of glory. No Butch and Sundance. No Thelma and Louise. No Bonnie and Clyde. No—”
Dean feels rather more respectable after standing under the muscle-massaging warm jets of the shower for ten minutes. The water eases out some of the cramps and aches his body has stored up over the past four days. And it’s nice to wash away the sticky layers of sweat that were starting to make his skin itch. It’s not until it dawns on him that he’s also washed away every trace of his alphas’ scents that he begins to feel uncomfortable. Anxiety and doubt creeping into his brain.
“Don’t tell me,” Charlie jokes, “you’d rather be able to fly.”
He wakes up with his back muscles cramping, stomach churning and a mariachi band playing behind his eyes. He needs to stop drinking.
“I ain’t arguing that Gordon was out of order here. All I mean is none of the cuts look serious. He’s just scratched up.”
“I’m sure Zachariah will be disappointed to hear that,” Uriel says, his voice growing cold. “He assured me that a second date would be available.”
“Hey.”
“Mm, a bitch as beautiful as you gives a girl naughty ideas,” Abaddon purrs, licking a stripe up the side of his face. “I’ve been looking for a new plaything. You ever taken a knot before, baby? I bet you’ve not taken one like mine. It’ll break you open forever.”
Four days after talking to Sam, Dean finally gets fed up with moping, second-guessing all his life choices, ignoring his phone, and eating ice-cream for breakfast. He can practically see the constipated expression on Sam’s face if he finds out just how pathetically Dean’s acting.
Fuck, but his voice is sexy; deep and throaty like he smokes sixty a day and drinks nothing but hard liquor.
“Look,” Meg says. “Just let us explain.”
Dean doesn’t want to lose him as a friend. And if the sex hadn’t achieved that then Dean freaking out has surely done the job.
“Well, yes,” Lisa says, sheepish, but at least honest for once.
“Or perhaps they’re thinking about selling up.” Cas hazards another guess. “Meg has been talking about traveling lately. I suspect hearing all about Claire’s trip is making her yearn for some adventure of her own. Meg and Lisa did start up the business straight after graduating from college after all. Perhaps they’ve decided to make some changes, reprioritize, now we’re all getting a little older.”
Dean kicks off his own shorts and spreads his legs in invitation.
It takes a few minutes for Dean to get himself together and find his rhythm, but when he does he sinks into the moment with surprising ease. The weight of Cas’ cock feels perfect on his tongue, the taste musky but not unpleasant. Having just one thing to concentrate on calms Dean’s nerves, hearing Cas falling apart above him, his fingers twisting in Dean’s hair, tugging sharply when Dean does something that Cas loves, turns Dean on more than he would have thought possible. He loves feeling in control while being so utterly used.
“Pretty sure it was me who started it,” Dean says gruffly. Cas awkwardly tugs his pants back up. Dean feels sick.
“And I haven’t gone on one second date. Or met a single alpha that I actually like. Well, not one that’s looking for a mate.” There are a couple of alphas he’s met that seem like nice guys. And who are insanely hot. But seeing as how Cain and Benny both work at Fairdale and are not in the market for a slightly dysfunctional omega, they don’t really count.
“No,” Dean says, taking another drink before turning back around and setting his glass carelessly down on top of the settlement papers. “Thanks, Sam, but no thanks. Like you said, I need to sort my shit out. I don’t think running away is going to solve anything, do you?”
“I can take you back, if you like,” Crowley says. “If you’re happier with rules and curfews, and being treated like a snot-nosed kid.”
The old guy, Jeb, looks set to argue but when Gunner, who isn’t a small guy, crosses his arms over his chest and glares him down, he staggers out of the bar grumbling under his breath.
“Did he trick you into eating them or did you take one because they were there and you can’t resist anything sweet?”
Dean nods silently and stands up too. He doesn’t know what to say. This is gonna take a bit of time to get his head around.
“It’s only been a few months,” Dean counters as Ellen pulls Sam down into hug next.
“What? I mean... sure.” He takes a packet of Lucky Strikes out of his pocket and shakes one loose, handing it to Dean. “I didn’t think you smoked.”
“Still not leaving you on your own,” Dean says, undeterred. He wriggles back making himself more comfortable amongst the sofa cushions. “So if you’re gonna hang around here not-brooding into your disgusting herbal tea, I guess I’m joining you.”
Cas laughs gently. “Not quite the way either of us usually spends the holidays, huh?”
“I thought… I honestly thought you would be relieved, Dean.”
“It’s fine, Sam,” Mary says. And even that is enough to piss off, Dean. “I just wanted to see you boys, Dean. To explain.”
“Is it working?” Dean asks, with a cheeky smirk.
“No, it’s fine,” Dean says.
Anyway, Dean’s waiting in what is apparently the conservatory for his date to show up. Even if he hates them on sight, he’s supposed to spend at least an hour or two getting to know them. The alpha has to get his money’s worth. Because oh, yes, the alphas pay a fee to be on the registry at each Den and apparently that secures them a date with every omega the Den thinks may be compatible.
Charlie looks up at Dean as though figuring out whether he is genuinely asking or not. “Well, for one, she’s like a mom, she sees everything that happens in her house. And two, your scent, Dean. Every alpha and omega in that room probably smelled how mad you were.”
“I haven’t really thought about it,” Dean admits. It’s been less than twenty-four hours, he’s still in shock to be honest. “The only thing I know I want is the beach house.”
“Sorry… Sir,” Dean says, but even he can hear the attitude in his voice. He knows that isn’t going to go down well.
Cas throws a sofa cushion at Dean’s face. “It was not porn. It was a documentary about the breeding habits of bees.”
“Dean, it’s perfectly normal for you to feel overwhelmed.”
“It’s Sam,” Sam says, reflexively, “and that’s bullshit and you know it.”
Today’s entrance is a smidge more dramatic than usual.
When his feet stop moving, he plonks his ass down on the sand and stares out at the sea. It’s not a nice day. The sky is gray and there’s a sharp wind blowing in from the ocean. Dean’s so busy drowning in self-loathing he barely feels it. He truly fucked up. Cas is going to think he’s a goddamn moron. More of a moron than normal. It’s not that the sex wasn’t good. It’s that the sex was really fucking fantastic. And Cas is too hot for words. Hell, Dean almost came just from him growling Dean’s name and telling him no.
It’s not Dean’s proudest moment and it’s one he’ll look back on and cringe over, but there’s no way to describe his next move other than running away. It’s a new low as far as his social skills go.
bad feeling. And it’s definitely got nothing to do with the seafood. He’s never heard Lisa say the business isn’t important before. Not once. She’s missed baseball games, school plays, date nights, vacations, and holidays, because of how important the business is.
Cas looks at the dressings patchworked across his skin. “And your wounds?”
Dean stands up. He feels nauseous. It could be the straight whisky on top of the shellfish, or it could be the fact that his life has just been ripped out from under his feet.
“Maybe not, dear boy,” Crowley says. “But at least with my undoubted talent and your pretty face we can rest assured that the movie won’t suck balls.”
Dean isn’t really listening to Ellen. It’s only been an hour since he spoke to Benny and he’s still trying to figure out how he’s feeling about all this. The lecture, disguised as motherly advice, that Ellen’s been giving him for the past ten minutes has been going in one ear and spilling out the next without settling for a second in Dean’s head.
“Nothing serious.” Dean brushes off Cas’s unnecessary concern. “Just a few scratches.”
“Have you talked it over with someone?” Crowley asks.
It’s not even a lie. His face is aching where Gordon punched him, his head is pounding and he feels tired down to his bones. He’s not even sure he’s got the energy to make it upstairs to his bedroom, never mind have a conversation that he knows is going to be all kinds of awkward.
Dean absentmindedly rinses it and loads it into the dishwasher. He feels bad for Cas. Christmas is going to suck this year, there’s no question about it. It’s the first year without their wives. Without their kids. Without the family traditions they’ve built up over the past eighteen years. Dean was planning on ignoring the whole festive season, to be honest. He doesn’t want to think about how many Christmases he spent with Lisa not knowing she was cheating on him.
Dean tries to spot the agent amongst the crowd, but apparently they don’t actually have horns and a tail, so it’s impossible to tell them apart from the non-assholes.
“We’re going to make you feel so good, Dean,” Cas promises him, between kisses. “And once we’re done, Cain will fuck you long, slow and sweet. He’s going to drive you out of your mind.”
Dean groans again. “Please stop talking.”
“Seems like you’ve upset the local residents,” Cain notes, coming to stand beside Dean, close enough that his scent curls around Dean like a comfort blanket. Dean relaxes for the first time in over a day.
Of course, Dean thinks. Of fucking course it is.
“School,” John huffs dismissively, like it’s not important. He probably doesn’t even know it’s the single most important thing in Sam’s life. “Well, we’re out of here tomorrow so school stuff isn’t an issue.”
He put his hand on Baby’s warm roof and breathed. Do it for Sammy. Put the key in the ignition, foot on the gas. Leave the ashes behind. And if he left more than that, no one else would know.
Dean shivered suddenly. The house was cold; somehow Cas or Kelly had gotten the electricity on, but there was no heat, only the fire, and no one had bothered with that since…since everything had happened. He must have lain there longer than he thought, trying to read the ceiling, and the chill had slowly seeped into him, bone deep. He wrapped his arms around himself, but it didn’t help. His whole body was trembling now, tremors surging through him like waves, setting his teeth rattling. He felt like he was coming apart.
Castiel looks down at Dean’s hand. “Yes, of course,” he murmurs.
Dean strokes Castiel’s arm. “Remember,” he says slowly. “Right before I went off to face Amara—remember I told you that you were my brother?”
Dean gave him a look that he couldn’t quite decipher. Castiel swallowed.
“Dean!”
“What, you don’t think you can do it?” Castiel was just loose enough from the beer and good company to feel comfortable with a little teasing. “Mr. Professional Mover?”
Keys jingled; the front door opened and shut. “Hey, babe!” Dean called. “You home yet?”
The air around them hums, then, resonating like a struck gong. Dean feels a momentary qualm, a surge like ice water rushing through him, then the feeling is gone, drowned in the warmth of Castiel’s body, the reassuring sound of his voice humming a tune Dean doesn’t recognize.
He was still smiling into Dean's eyes when Dean's expression shifted, became more serious. Castiel felt his stomach clench up a little as Dean took his hands in his, his green eyes looking deep into Castiel's as if they were diving in with no thoughts of resurfacing. “So,” he said, “what's up, Cas?”
that man watch 'Dr. Sexy'?”
“He's going to think you look awesome, as usual,” she returned airily. “This style is great for you – it really goes with the shape of your face.”
either one) and that he had a brother named Sam of whom he was obviously very proud.
stop for clarification, it was always Dean, and he seemed to just…linger, managing to turn every innocent question into a mini-conversation, usually about Castiel. After every encounter, Castiel told himself he had to stop fraternizing and get to work (and let Dean get to work!), but every time the mover approached him with that boyish grin and those curious eyes he lost all sense of time and decorum and babbled like a teenager on his first date.
a little, and Dean had grabbed him around the waist and swung him around the room to the whoops of all their friends, and looking into Dean's grinning face, he realized what had changed. That up to this point, for years and years, perhaps for their entire marriage, Dean had been
His thoughts wheeled and shook in his mind, and once again everything looked different. He was Castiel, not Castielle, and Dean was in
“Yeah.”
Castiel’s hand covers Dean’s, warm and dry. “Yes.” His voice is impossibly low, full of portents. “Yes.”
Castiel shook his head. “Yes I do, and I
Castiel pulled back, trying to look Dean in the face, but his eyes were closed, his face strangely serene save for a puzzled line between his eyebrows. “'Okay'?” Castiel echoed. “What do you mean, 'okay'?”
Not that Castiel slept.
“What the hell, Dean?” Sam said sharply, turning Dean’s hands palm up to examine them. “Have you just been soaking all this time? You look like a handful of raisins.”
happy you must have been before, and I gotta wonder how I missed it, y'know?” He looked up again, face earnest, almost pleading. “Keepin' you happy, babe – that's my
. Was he going to spend the entire day looking like an idiot in front of this man? “Um, I haven't gone shopping yet,” Castiel mumbled, blushing. Again.
, no matter what Dean said). Kelly dead. Cas dead. All they had left was Jack, who Dean wanted to
“Aw, quit whinin', Dean,” the man at the end of their little queue drawled. “Y'sound like my old man. Cowboy up, brother.”
Castiel gritted his teeth and tried to still his mind, forcibly turning his thoughts from his internal spirals to listen to Dean's even breathing beside him. Dean was not snoring, just making tiny noises as he breathed in and out, the same noises he made most nights for all the thirteen years of their marriage. Focusing on those noises mercifully distracted Castiel from the Situation, and he smiled reflexively, his thoughts turning to all the reasons he loved the man sleeping beside him – his humor, his loyalty, his sense of justice, his gentleness – and as Castiel listened and thought, something in him began to uncoil, his body and mind relaxing together, and before long he found himself burrowing deeper into the bedclothes, feeling sleepy at last, feeling warm and cherished and . . .
Castiel doesn’t look at him—his eyes are fixed on the far distance, though there is nothing there to look at. “I didn’t. I think you found me.” He makes a noise that Dean can’t interpret, then says, “All I remember is coming through the bunker door with Sam. We were tired. We were…we thought you were dead, Dean.”
Castiel’s mouth moved, but nothing came out. He closed it again.
Then Sam is surging forward, his face alight now with relief and wonder. “Dean! Cas!” He goes to hug Dean, but when Dean doesn’t let go of Castiel’s hand, Sam pauses, eyebrows climbing. Dean smiles a little, gives a small shrug with one shoulder. Sam grins and envelops them both in his long arms.
As he watched the men around him, as well as the ones he saw on television or in movies, he began to imitate them, both consciously and unconsciously. He began to walk more loosely and comfortably, and he started to pull himself up to his full height instead of hunching down as he'd learned to do as a tall girl growing up, told that men would be intimidated by a woman who could look them in the eye. He found the change exhilarating, the longer gait and thrown-back shoulders giving him a sense of freedom and strength that he couldn't ever remember feeling, not even as a child.
planted himself in a corner with the cat but had talked to people and made jokes and even
“I – I . . .” God, he could
“Yeah, wherever
Castiel lifted his chin haughtily while trying not to grin like an idiot. “Truce.”
Castiel shut his eyes against the darkness and returned the kiss briefly, dryly. “Good night, love,” he whispered. “Sleep well.” They lay quietly for a short while, face to face, Dean's hand on Castiel's hip, Castiel's on Dean's arm, until Dean yawned and rolled onto his back, and Castiel rolled onto his other side and it was time to sleep.
I have never been to Kansas, though my mother's family is from there originally, but I do have Google as my slave, so as of publishing, these businesses and bus routes are accurate for Lawrence, KS. I don't know if Rolling Gnome hosts Arkham Horror tournaments, but if it doesn't, it should.
Dean did not look at the clouds.
Dean knocked back the last of his beer and set the bottle (no fancy drafts for
, and gender changes, and even sexual identity issues, weren't scary enough to make us want to put aside our life together. (Yes, I did ask if he wanted to break up. He looked at me, seriously and honestly puzzled, and said, "It never occurred to me.")
Castiel laughed. “I’m afraid you’re going to have to wait a little while to find out—I think you’ve sucked this one dry for the time being.”
He shut his eyes. “I love you, too, Dean.”
He walked out of the barbershop with a
So yeah, Cas is a late bloomer, but to be fair, I was even later. ^_^;
“Whoa, babe!” Dean grinned when Castiel let him loose. “I see someone's had a good day!”
and the
, and he had no idea what kind of rednecks he might run into. Benny seemed all right, so far, but what about…
“Yeah,” he said. His voice sounded strange to his ears.
“Hey, Sammy,” Dean says softly. “Miss us?”
“Oh.” He felt Dean relax again. “I knew that.”
Dean made a small, lost noise in the back of his throat, then went completely limp in Sam’s arms.
Several seconds passed. Dean's expression was very . . . strange. Castiel's fear began to bleed into confusion. “Dean?” he ventured, almost unable to hope.
it said in blue embroidery across his chest pocket, not
he wanted to tell her, to tell
lunch.”
Dean kisses him again. “You’re so deep.”
Castiel actually laughed at that. It was a small sound, but genuine. “An experiment for another time, perhaps. But you said we were running late . . .?”
Castiel swirled a french fry absentmindedly around in a pool of malt vinegar. “I don't know exactly how it happened,” he said, his mind searching back. Only a month and change, and yet sometimes it seemed like he'd always been this way. “I think I'd been kind of, I don't know,
He’d been absurdly pleased by that, that they’d seen the same thing in those stupid white clouds.
—but friendship was, in Castiel’s experience, finer and more precious.
Mom was dead, too. Most likely. Definitely. Lucifer would never let her live, not after she’d shoved him back through the crack right before it closed, trapping them both in Apocalypse World. He’d have killed her right there. Dean knew it.
should not be here at all.”
“So,” Dean said casually, though his voice was maybe pitched slightly higher than usual, “queer as fuck, huh?”
On the one hand, the two movers did actually get to work, falling into a steady rhythm that meant they interrupted him only when a box was ambiguously labeled or when they needed to consult him about furniture placement, leaving Castiel to clean and unpack in peace. On the other hand, whenever they
Castiel stared, completely sideswiped by the suggestion. He was vaguely aware of Benny still moving around in the background, cleaning up packing paper, but all Castiel could focus on was Dean and his hopeful grin. He struggled to get his brain to respond cogently to the situation. “Um, you don't have to do that Dean,” he finally managed, a little lamely.
Castiel’s voice is breathless. “I want this. I want
“Somewhere,” Castiel said through clenched teeth. “Packed. I don't know.”
around him. Being naturally shy and awkward in public, he was used to keeping his head and eyes down, but now he started
The mover continued stumping up the stairs, breathing only a little harder than he had been at the bottom. He smirked. “Sure thing, Castiel. And you call me Dean, right? And that reprobate back there is Benny.”
as the Situation was, as much as it made him want to scream and protest and, sometimes, cry, it also felt, when he let himself admit it,
Castiel winced.
The next little while was taken up by menu-perusing, small talk, and ordering lunch. Once the waiter had walked away, Charlie laced her fingers under her chin, leaned forward on her elbows, and fixed Castiel with a serious look and a raised eyebrow. “Okay, girl, spill,” she commanded. “What's wrong?”
Castiel tensed, then forced himself to relax. Smile. “We need to go a formal event, then,” he said, trying for playful and mostly succeeding. “I could wear a tux.”
Charlie gave him a quizzical look. “Oh? Well, that's okay. Not everyone wants to do physical transitioning, I guess. But you should definitely get some new clothes. You'll feel like a new man!”
They slow, they breathe, they…stop.
good mood tonight. And I know how you can sometimes get . . . tired when there's too much noise and too many people around. I'm just, y'know, happy you're happy, that's all.”
He went very, very still.
“Hey there, Mr. Novak,” the young god before him said brightly. If he noticed that Castiel was staring at him, gaping like a stunned fish, he gave no sign. “Got all your stuff for ya. Transfer company dropped it off yesterday, an' Benny and me, we made sure it was all here. Should be nothin' missing. You ready to go?”
instead of what I
“C'mon, Cas,” Dean urged, sounding very much the cajoling big brother, though Castiel was sure
Dean squints into the distance, as if anything here in the formless light is further away or closer than anything else. As if there is any
“I'd have to beat the guys off with a stick, maybe some of the girls, too,” Dean said with a grin, pulling himself away from Castiel with obvious reluctance and heading for the driver's side door. “But not tonight, babe. We gotta go hang out at some seedy restaurant with my nerdy little brother and his way-too-good-for-him wife. At least the ankle-biters have a sitter for the night.” Dean rolled his eyes and looked put upon.
Several long seconds went by before Dean seemed able to screw his courage to the sticking place, but eventually he exhaled in a tiny sigh and turned to Castiel, and all the bravado Castiel had seen earlier in the day, all the swagger, teasing, and (maybe) flirting—even that parental concern and carefulness—was gone, replaced by a smile that was strangely hesitant, even shy. “Does that mean,” he said, and his eyes flicked to the floor again before coming back up to meet Castiel’s, “that if I said I’d like to kiss you, you’d maybe say…yes?”
Castiel opened his mouth, closed it. He felt his face heat up again and cursed his pale complexion. “Wh-what do you mean?” he asked, trying for, and utterly failing at, nonchalance.
“Most of the time,” Castiel replied, wondering how the hell he got into this conversation with this particular person. “Sometimes I have to travel to consult with a client if the source material is so fragile or damaged that it's difficult to photograph, but mostly people just send me scans or photos by e-mail. I’ll be going into the University some days.”
They lay quietly for a while, Dean tracing loops and curves on Castiel’s skin, Castiel’s arm around Dean’s shoulder. Castiel’s mind drifted over the eventful day, going where it would. He thought of the first sight of those green eyes, the sliver of skin exposed when Dean raised his arms, the (definite) flirting. Dean helping him unpack. Beer and darts. Music in the bar—it was an oldies station, and he suddenly remembered one song in the mix, and he smiled.
Dean shrugged, looking suddenly and unexpectedly a little abashed. “Well, the cat was dead at the time.”
He sighed. It was going to be a
of it.”
“No,” he says at last. “I can’t make it out. It seems to mean something, but it’s just out of reach of my understanding.” He shakes his head. “It’s very frustrating.”
Dean came around into Castiel's view. He was laughing, which should have made Castiel angry, but somehow didn't. “Yeah, I got that, Cas,” he said amiably. “I'll go ask your neighbors. Just hold that thing there.”
Castiel starts forward, one arm outstretched, and there’s something in his face Dean isn’t sure how to read, something he doesn’t dare put a name to. “Dean.” Castiel sounds breathless, as if he has been running for miles. “You’re alive.” When Dean doesn’t move, Castiel stops, hand still extended, fingers flexed. “Dean?” Hesitant this time.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I said stop.”
“Okay,” Dean panted, laying his head on arms folded across the top of the dresser. “We need a plan B.”
from when he
Still he said nothing, but watched as Dean, silent now, slowly and carefully stacked all the DVDs together in a few neat piles and set them back in the battered box. More slowly still he climbed to his feet, brushed off his knees, and stood turned a little away, so that Castiel only saw the outline of his jaw, the edge of his brow, one high cheekbone.
Dean turns to look at Castiel. “What? Where?”
Castiel blinked, then picked up the sandwich and started to eat, his mind turning. What had happened, here? He narrowed his eyes and glanced across the table at Dean, who seemed completely absorbed in his food, apparently deriving more pleasure from a simple ham sandwich than Castiel had seen many restaurant diners receive from the finest world cuisines. Castiel's chewing slowed as his glance became a look, the look became a stare. Who was this man, this man had who waltzed into his apartment all snark and sex and pretty green eyes and ended up asking questions about Castiel's language tutors and fixing Castiel's broken head and giving him half his lunch?
Castiel shook his head. “Not entirely. Not yet.”
need?”
bad. In fact, in a way, it's good.”
“What, then?
To his shock, the very thought of trying to go back made him feel physically ill, his stomach roiling and his heart tightening in his chest. He set his teeth. No, he couldn't do that, not any more, not after knowing what it meant to be his true self. Turning back now, he feared, would kill him even more surely than Dean's theoretical abandonment.
Castiel gaped at Dean for a moment, torn between laughter and aggravation, then threw himself at him, wrapping his arms around his neck and holding on tight. “You are
Castiel raised a dubious eyebrow. “Oh, no? You mean, you've not had your wife of thirteen years tell you, out of the blue, that she is now your
Because it’s Castiel, solid and real in this tenuous place. Castiel is with him, here at the end of the world.
Castiel regarded Dean through half-lidded eyes, a teasing smile just touching one corner of his mouth. “Something wrong with that?” he asked in his new deep voice, not caring how he sounded.
“I meant someone
. And there was this
“Well, that depends on what you want to do,” Charlie said matter-of-factly. “I mean, if you aren't planning on doing any physical stuff to transition, then we'll stick to women's pants 'cause they'll fit your hips and butt, and you can get nice stuff that will last a long time. If you
“But I see it now,” Castiel said, gesturing. “Look, don’t you think that cloud resembles a
He looked down at the shopping bag in his right hand as if he might find a poisonous snake in it. “Yes, I suppose so,” he said slowly. “It's just . . .” He stopped himself. No. Enough of that – he was not going to feel guilty about buying gender-appropriate clothing, for god's sake. “No, you're right. It was all very reasonable, and I think – I think I
Charlie propped her chin on her hand and regarded Castiel gravely. “C'mon, Cas – he loves you. I mean he's, like,
.” She gestured with her hands. “Won't be as uncomfortable.”
Dean took his beer bottle and smacked it on top of the bill with an air of finality. “Welcome Wagon.”
it. There had been no body. No cold, stiff form to wrap in sheets and curtains, to lay on the pyre and douse in gasoline. Nothing for Dean to burn.
Castiel shrugged. “I only sleep here.”
They had been leaning back against Baby’s hood, beers in hand. Cas’s voice was eager and quick, and Dean smiled.
at the end, so that it's a man's name.”
If Dean noticed any changes in his “wife,” he didn't say anything. He commented on one of Castiel's new shirts (“Hey, I like that one, babe – brings out your eyes.”), but otherwise everything seemed to coast along as usual, so Castiel stopped tensing up around him and just relaxed into his new self as much as his nervous energy would allow.
The door opened; the three men shuffled inside. “Where d'ya want it?” Dean asked innocently enough, but there was a twitch at one corner of his mouth that made Castiel suspicious. “Bathroom? Bedroom? Kitchen table?”
Dean finds he is shaking, his hands, his body. He can’t meet Castiel’s eyes. “So, do it,” he whispers.
Castiel was fifteen minutes early. He rarely drank at lunch, but today he ordered a beer and took a table near the back, fingers tapping on the wooden tabletop. He'd finished half his drink before he heard Charlie's cheerful “Hola, girlfriend!” drifting across the lunch-crowded room.
He took off his boots. His boot knife slipped out, and he stared at it for a moment, took in its shape, the familiarity of it in this unfamiliar place. It was a good knife: small enough to hide, but large enough to get the job done. He picked it up and turned it over in hands no longer shaking. Everything was quiet. Nice and sharp, too, like a surgeon’s scalpel. Sharp knife like this, and you’d hardly
be thinking of dinner, and there were dozens of other household tasks he'd been putting off the last couple days.
you?”
Dean came around the hood of the Impala and grabbed Castiel's hand. “Ouch. You're a hard, unforgiving woman, Cas,” he complained.
Dean had obviously heard the waver in Castiel's voice; his own in reply was soft, careful. “Yeah, babe?”
“Dean,” he said, low and clear, “I'm not a woman.”
Castiel sucked in a breath and chuckled humorlessly. “Yes and no.”
to say anything,” Charlie said once the waiter had slipped away again, “not if you don't want. But if you
“I can do that,” Dean said.
“Dean, I –” He searched his mind for all his opening lines, all his prepared speeches and explanations, but everything had gone white, and he had nothing.
stopping
They fumble at first. Dean has little experience with male bodies; Castiel has little experience of any kind at all. But they seem to have all the world and time, and soon (or late) they are kissing as if the only oxygen was to be found in the other’s lungs, touching as if to be separate for even an instant would be fatal.
Tonight? The same tired track that had been on endless replay for the last month and more: the Situation. This bizarre, impossible, cosmically hilarious Situation, a divine joke at Castiel's expense, or perhaps a punishment for the sins of another life – who knew? It made no sense, but there it was: after nearly forty-two years of life on earth, and despite all appearances, biology, and socialization to the contrary,  Castiel had discovered that he was not a woman but a man.
he wanted that), but because the idea that this careful, gentle person could possibly be interested in
Charlie took pity on him and smiled kindly. “Oh, no – it's okay. This is
And then, guilt.
, somehow. I started wearing only my most androgynous clothes – unshaped button-ups, unisex t-shirts, and the like. I wore whatever of Dean's wasn't too huge, got myself some Doc Marten's. And then, one day or another, I was looking at myself in the mirror, and I realized that it wasn't so much that I felt
a nerd, Dean. Time to put on your big-boy panties and deal with it.”
More startling, though, was the way he began to see the
Dean whispers, “I know.”
Cas was dead.
Castiel reaches out from behind the woman confronting Sam and presses two fingers to her left temple. She collapses slowly; he does not catch her.
Castiel smiled and patted Dean's chest reassuringly. “Yes, you may,” he said graciously, then stopped. “Um, I think I'd rather you not call me 'Cassie' anymore, though. It's awfully . . . girly. And it sounds like it's short for 'Cassandra.'” He narrowed his eyes, remembering. “
Commanded, Dean obeys, sees Castiel’s eyes wide and wondering. Castiel reaches out with his free hand and touches Dean’s jaw, and the touch sparks on Dean’s skin like embers. Castiel half-closes his eyes and leans in and presses his lips to Dean’s.
it's the name of one of your
The most personal chapter to date. *gulp*
It seems nearer. “The way out, maybe?” Dean says doubtfully.
it isn't – there are plenty of ways you two could play that shouldn't upset his fragile manhood.” Castiel peeped between his fingers to see Charlie's encouraging smile turn sly. “Besides, I don't think Dean is as, um,
day, he could tell.
Dean's eyes flicked up, caught Castiel's; Castiel held his gaze for an instant, then dropped it, as if it had all been an accident.
Castiel shrugged. “Well, I've always worked to avoid situations that made me anxious, so I'm not surprised you didn't notice,” he said. He stared down at his hands. “I'm afraid of a lot of things, actually. Crowds, yes, but I'm also afraid of meeting new people, of forgetting things, of change – even if it's just moving the furniture or trying new food. I'm afraid of making mistakes, of trying something new, of being too far from home or being out in public alone. So many things.” He raised his head then to look at Charlie, whose eyes had gone round with sympathy, and a slow, somewhat perplexed smile spread across his face. “But I'm kind of
clutched in their sweaty little hands.” She shuddered.
Benny sighed and waved a world-weary hand. “Naw, it's fine, really. I don't really need two of those things, anyway.” He fell back to eating with a mild, preoccupied expression that seemed to shut out any possibility of further discussion.
“You'll live,” Dean said heartlessly. There was the sound of the tap going on and off, then Dean began to press on the wound with something soft and damp. “Scalp wounds bleed like motherfuckers…” He moved the cloth away and probed at the spot with strong fingers. Castiel yelped, half in pain, half in irritation at Dean's casual sadism. “…but this is just a scrape, really. You'll have a little bump, a little cut, but you don't need stitches or anything. I don't even think you need urgent care.” He pressed the cloth back in position. “Here, hold this for a bit; the bleeding should stop soon. I'm going to see if I can scare up some ice.”
“F, as in Fuck This Noise,” Dean said, straightening up. His jaw was set, and there was a determined gleam in his eye. Despite his fatigue, his scraped fingers and aching muscles, Castiel felt a little thrill shiver through him.
me, remember? Sickness, health, all that jazz? 'Fraid you're stuck with me: man, woman, Vulcan, whatever.”
Or the
Now this, this was a loop that Castiel rarely played. Whenever he ran through the consequences of coming out to Dean, his mind shied away from the thought of rejection with all the urgency and violence of a horse shying from the scent of blood. He refused to entertain the idea, essentially, though he never imagined how it would not come to pass, either. He never saw, in his mind's eye, exactly how Dean would come to accept Castiel's revelation or what their marriage would look like afterwards. It was if his brain just skipped everything in between: Castiel would tell Dean, Dean would ask some confused questions, then blink! Everything would be normal again, except Castiel would have a beard and no breasts and would never have to wear stupid women's clothing ever again.
Charlie leaned across the table and patted Castiel's arm sympathetically. “My point is, sweetie, that Dean loves you, and you love Dean, and sex is only one part of that. And hey, even if sex
Benny looked after him for a moment, his expression unreadable, then turned back to Castiel. “You okay, Mr. Novak?” he asked. “Need a doctor?”
But Chuck was gone, now. Naomi and Gadreel were dead. And this time
Dean laughs without humor. “Right back to where we started, then.”
But no. Castiel had never had a
Castiel stared into his now-cold coffee. “I suppose,” he said slowly. “It's just, I want to get him at the right time, but I don't know when that would be. At dinner? Breakfast? When we're washing the car? When we've just finished a movie? And what kind of movie would set the mood? Action-adventure? Comedy? Romance?” He shuddered. “All right, maybe not romance . . .”
Eileen and Sam shared a knowing look, the latter’s face full of pride at his brother’s growth.
Bobby’s eyebrows shot up to his old trucker cap. “It’s a big new world out there. You’ll see”. Unspoken were the words Dean needed the old man to say, but he heard them anyway.
Sam made to move towards the men, but Eileen’s hand on his arm stopped him.
“This was my dad’s car; I sort of took it over when he died. We, um, travelled around a lot as a kid, so it was kind of our home”.
“Dean, let’s not focus on what we could have had. We’ll drive ourselves insane.”
“I will tell you this, Daryl” Dean offered, dropping his empty coffee cup underneath his deckchair. “My father taught me to be a particular way, that I had a purpose. When he died, I continued to believe it. Then once I met Cas… I realised that there were things my dad hadn’t considered. My purpose… it changed. I was no longer the thing he raised me to be. I had a heart, and a mind. I’m still working on the mind…” he looked lovingly at his husband and gently rubbed his knee “…but now I know what my heart is for”.
Dean had stepped out on to the beach before he saw him, walking up to the top of the tallest mound. He stopped for a minute and caught his breath.
He stood behind Cas, off to his left so he could see half the angel’s face. It appeared calm and relatively expressionless.
Cas took his hands out of his pockets. They hung by his side but without a trace of the awkwardness that characterised his time on Earth. The movement caused the muscles below his neck to flex, momentarily distracting Dean from drowning in his eyes.
“I’m sorry sunshine, I couldn’t resist.” He was more impressed with his joke than his audience, who rolled their eyes at each other.
A comfortable silence fell over the pair as the Impala crawled forwards 2 car lengths and then stopped again.
Emblazoned across the top of the windshield were the four words that made them stop in their tracks. “Blow tyres. Not dudes”.
“Well it’s a good start. Jack knows we saved it so many damn times. Maybe we can change the world just a little bit. One little corner at a time”.
Dean’s wry smile caused Cas’ eyes to wander down to his lips. “I trust you too. Its ok now”.
“Cas, that was never the life for me, and you know it. You knew what I was made of. You knew how my life began; you must have known how it was going to end”.
A moment of awkward silence was interrupted by the arrival of Cas, bearing coffees in one hand, a box of pie in the other, and an open smile on his face. As he handed Dean his coffee, his own ring glinted in the sunlight. The woman glanced at Cas’ hand, taking in the distinctive line around it. The good-natured smile on her face fell as the internal workings of her mind put two and two together, and came up with some good old fashioned bigotry.
“Dean, I saw the effect of Daryl’s work on you. I know you can’t abide the hatred and the bigotry people like us encounter. I know you know it because you had to overcome it in yourself. I think that if anyone can reach out to the prejudice inside these people, its someone who overcame it themselves”.
Cas smiled in response, but it didn’t reach his eyes.
“Daryl you know these meatheads?” A murmur from the crowd was hushed as Daryl raised his hand.
“No but I think Buddy is about to explode! We’d better clear off so he can wash the gay off his car”.
“That’s the Sport Sedan model. 4th generation, right? Have you had much to do with the later models? I’ve heard that the reduced engine power really affects the handling”.
Cas turned around to face the lake, so that Dean stood behind him. Dean put his arms around the angel’s waist again and pressed his lips to his shoulder. With one hand on Dean’s, Cas pointed off to the left side of the lake, beyond the car-park and the beach-side bar, as he began to speak.
“You should have let me help. We could have fixed it, and then none of this would have happened”.
Dean lifted his lips from Cas’ shoulder. “Damn, you thought of everything. I love it. But what do you mean you have to stay with me?”
“Well, I was just wondering if… once we’ve inspected the bed, there’s a couch that we could inspect as well”.
okay.” His blue eyes pierced Dean, full of hope and anticipation. “Right?”
Charlie blinked a few times. “Why don't you just, you know,
Castiel had been a little more apprehensive about the older couple, but Ellen hugged him as thoroughly as Sam had done and wished him the best and told him to let her know if there was anything she could do, especially if anyone “gave him any shit.” Bobby huffed and rolled his eyes and muttered something about “kids these days,” until Ellen cuffed the back of his head, at which he straightened up and and fixed Castiel with a curmudgeonly scowl and warm eyes and said he was real glad Castiel was happy. Beside him, Dean was beaming like a lighthouse, whether in support of Castiel or out of pride for his amazing family or both, it hardly mattered. Castiel barely ate a thing, overwhelmed as he was, but he went home happy, light in head and heart.
And backed right into a pile of boxes stacked at the end of the bed. No harm done—they were book boxes, sturdy and hard to move, but he stumbled and let out a startled little
They stayed up a little longer once they got home, watching an episode of “Dr. Sexy, MD” from the DVR and cuddling on the couch. Castiel drank water while they watched to offset the wine from dinner and by bedtime was only slightly muzzy.
Sam’s expression crumbled, just for an instant, then went firm and businesslike. “Let me,” he said, telling, not asking.
Dean raises his eyes, sees confusion in Castiel’s face, and he knows. He
Dean stiffened next to him. “What the hell kind of question is that?” he asked, his tone a strange mix of outrage, affection, and disbelief. He reached out and took Castiel's chin in his fingers, gently coaxing his head around, tilting it up so Castiel would have to meet his eyes. “I
Charlie shook herself. “Damn, you're strong,” she muttered. “You should totally be one of my Handmaidens next time there's a gathering.”
his true self beginning to peek through the hated layers of femininity, but now all he could think about was how he couldn't undo it and how Dean might freak out or hate it or think he looked stupid or ugly. “Still –” he began.
he thought desperately.
“Yeah.”
lately, in worrying and wondering and trying to make sense of everything, that I haven't really looked very far ahead. I've started to research things, but this is so . . . big. I was thinking that maybe I should talk to someone.”
? Since when did Dean take baths?
“I know, I know,” Castiel hiccuped, feeling useless and helpless and raw. “I love you, too, Dean, so much. I just . . . I know it was just a dream, but it felt so real. I'm sorry. I'm sorry . . .”
lotion, straight down the center of Dean’s naked back. The high-pitched squeal Dean releases drowns out Cas’s laughter, but before Dean gathers his wits enough to complain, Cas is massaging the cream into his skin. His muscles relaxing under the firm pressure of Cas’s clever fingers until Dean is barely more than a puddle of contented goo.
It’s not Ellen who swoops in to save the day this time, it’s a guy Dean’s never seen before, tall, grey-haired, sharply dressed and smelling downright edible despite Dean’s skewed senses. “Is everything okay here, gentlemen?”
“Dean Winchester, I’m not a damn mind reader, you tell me how you’re feeling!”
“Okay then, there’s a few books you should probably read, but basically yes, omegas’ and alphas’ scents change depending on their moods. Usually it’s only a slight variation of their usual scent so you wouldn’t notice unless you were up close and personal with them, but right now, with you just off the blockers, your scent is pretty strong. It’ll settle down in another day or so, but yeah, Ellen probably knew you wanted to punch Zachariah before you did.”
Dean bristles. “Dude, ain’t it your job to keep me locked up here rather than to head shrink me?”
They’ve only known each other for a few months, even if it does feel like a lifetime, so no, Cas is right. It’s not the time.
Deans straightens his tee-shirt and flannel which are rucked up around his waist. “We were only kissing, Ellen.”
“Fine!” Ellen cuts him off. “It’s a no for Balthazar. Maybe we should try something different next time.”
Cas signs Dean up for Jazzercise classes. Dean gets calls from Blanche, the woman who runs them, every single day. After two weeks, she gives him a new pie recipe and he promises to think about trying her beginner’s classes. She’s so nice that he seriously considers it.
“Listen to me, Winchester,” Cas growls, starting to lose his cool. “I did not touch your pathetically phallic car.”
“It’s the middle of the goddamn night!”
The short journey back to the Den in Cas’ goddamn monstrosity of a car is awkward to say the very least. If Dean’s dad had ever cared enough about where Dean was to drag him home when he was teenager, he imagines this is exactly what it would have felt like.
“Well, Alastair’s apparently dead so I guess you don’t have to worry anymore, do you? That’s the answer to all our problems. Everything is just fucking great now.” Dean can hear how bitter he sounds. But knowing that Cas and Sam have been keeping secrets from him, discussing him behind his back, that hurts. That hurts a lot actually.
The rest of the audience is shifting uncomfortably. Dean feels like he’s in the middle of a slow-motion car wreck with a thousand bystanders looking on.
“Cas—”
Benny’s right about that. And maybe about the sticking around thing too. For a few days at least. Like Benny said, what does Dean have to lose?
“Did I want something?” Dean repeats, incredulously. “Well, I want you to act like a professional but clearly that ain’t gonna happen. How about you just not be a giant dick? Is that too much to ask?”
“No, though he is worried about you. I was out here tending to my bees actually.”
And that’s the sign that it’s time for them to leave.
do and what Dean
“I’m glad you think so,” Crowley drawls. “Let’s just hope that make-up can work some kind of miracle.”
“I’ll be fine, Dean,” Cas insists. “As I’ve told you at least a dozen times today, I want to be alone.”
Dean exhales shakily. “You’re…
“Hey, that’s cool. Each to their own. No judgement from me.”
“Seriously?”
“You did?” Cas’s eyes go wide in surprise. Dean’s honestly shocked Sam hadn’t already told him.
“I think perhaps we should talk.”
“Dad,” Dean persists. “Please, just give it a try for another couple of weeks. I’ve got money saved from last weekend when I helped out at Aiden’s parent's store and I can—”
Stuart unties Dean’s ankles first, fingers deftly unraveling the knots he tied hours ago. When he’s sure that Dean’s got his feet steady below him, Stuart grabs a box to stand on so he can undo the straps around Dean’s wrists.
Cas stands up, and dumps his plate next to the kitchen sink. Not in the kitchen sink. Not in the dishwasher. Right next to the kitchen sink. “No,” Cas says. “I decided to give the family Christmas thing a miss. I’m not exactly full of the Holiday cheer this year.”
She leaves Dean all alone in the house, Sammy asleep upstairs in his crib. Tells him ‘take care of Sammy for me, Dean. Don’t worry, Daddy’s gonna be home soon.”
“Charlie, I don’t even know if I want to spend the rest of my life with one alpha. Maybe that’s the problem.”
“You doing okay?”
Cas looks fairly shocked himself.
Dean jerks his arm out of Uriel’s hold. “I’m not a goddamn virgin,” he snarls back, which isn’t the most outrageous thing Uriel just said but Dean is getting sick of repeating himself. “And I’d rather shoot myself in the face than kneel at your feet, you delusional prick.”
“How’s it hanging, dude?“ Ash says, tossing his hair over his shoulder and pulling up a seat beside Dean. “You know, you’re getting a bit on the chubby side there, Winchester, you might want to ease off on the pie.”
Dean’s not in the mood. “What do you want, Crowley?”
“Good news, Dean,” he says. “Aaron has requested a second date.”
“I think we should perhaps continue this inside,” Cas says, wiping his fingers on Dean’s towel before leaning over him and pressing a bruising kiss to the crook of his neck. “On a bed. With real lube.”
“Well, fuck. So, what, I’m broadcasting my emotions to everyone, all the time?”
“Just give this alpha a shot,” Garth settles for. “I think he could be a good fit for you.”
“God, no,” Dean shudders at the thought. “I prefer to keep my feet firmly on the ground, thank you very much.”
“It wasn’t your fault,” Dean says, looking down at his lap. “I’m not your responsibility. I went to that club of my own free will.”
Dean shrugs. It’s certainly been his past experiences. But it’s not what he’s supposed to be looking for now. He’d been hoping for more, for sex that meant something. Maybe he is just deluded. Brainwashed by Ellen and Garth and all the happy smiley omegas back at the Den.
“It would be a start,” Sam retorts.
It most definitely is for now. It’s more than he hoped for. Cas is right; neither of them is ready to dive headfirst into a serious relationship yet, not one with labels, expectations, and having to explain themselves to other people.
Cas seems unmoved. “I’m not saying that. But all those things were down to your father rather than your mother. She left you safe in his care. He’s the one who failed you.”
“Damn right you will.” Dean nods.
Dean grins. “Well, I can’t blame him for that, I guess. My ass is pretty spectacular.”
Dean can’t help his bark of laughter especially when Crowley wiggles his eyebrows suggestively.
“You’ll get used to it,” Charlie assures him.
“Dean,” Sam lays a hand on Dean’s arm and says, heart-wrenchingly earnestly, “Promise me you won’t disappear on us. That I’ll see you again.”
Orgasm still humming across his skin, Dean’s panting, eyes screwed shut, face burning in humiliation when he hears Alastair set down his camera. He keeps his eyes closed as he hears Alastair stalk toward him, his nasal voice sending uneasy shivers down his spine. He flinches when Alastair touches him, his eyes blinking wide open.
Dean picks up on the word choice. “
Dean sighs. “It’s fine. It’s not like you're wrong, I guess. Just, give me a chance to assimilate, okay?”
“That’s enough!” The hairs on the back of Dean’s neck stand on end at Cas’ growl. “For someone who professes to care about omega welfare, your outdated perceptions and disrespect are astounding.”
Dean’s not upset. Not really. Well, maybe he’s a little upset. He knows this is all pretty out of the ordinary but he thought if anyone would be pleased that Dean had finally found a glimmer of hope it would be Charlie.
“You thought we wouldn’t make a scene in public?” Cas’ calm exterior is crumbling fast, his voice growing louder, his eyes blazing.
Cas pokes at the sad remains of Dean’s television with his foot. “I don’t think originality is utmost in the mind of most killers, Dean.”
Coming from anyone else, the unsolicited advice would rub Dean the wrong way. But he knows Charlie is just worried about him. He’s been at the Den for over three months now and hasn’t had one date that didn't fail miserably. Apart from whatever him and Crowley have going on. Garth hasn’t been subtle about the fact he’s concerned. Dean thinks Garth’s just taking all the failed matches personally. Like Dean is deliberately trying to fuck up all his efforts.
“Never,” Dean says, squeezing Sam’s fingers. “I promise.”
Cas crosses his arms over chest, eyes narrowing. “I’m not surprised Sam is irritated with you if you are being this much of a jackass.”
“That’s not what Aaron seemed to think. Are you sure he wasn’t just a tad shy? Some alphas don’t like to come on too strong in case they scare you off.”
Dean can tell that he’s still being careful, but he pushes harder, forces Dean to take more, take him deeper. His thrusts gain speed as well as force and just when Dean thinks he might have to back off, catch his breath, Cas comes, right down his throat.
“Are you okay, Dean?” Cas asks from the driver’s seat.
Cas snorts. “You’re such a romantic.”
“As it’s been less than a day since I discovered my wife has been lying to me for twelve years, surprisingly, no I don’t.”
Charlie scans the crowded room. “Well, there’s all of us residents. And there are most of the alphas who are currently courting or want to be courting us. And then there’s the staff and some of their partners. Friends of the Den, and by that, I mean people who give us donations. Oh, and there’s an agent from the Omega Welfare Services. They like to keep their beady eyes on us.”
Ellen narrows her eyes at Dean. “Boy, you think I was born yesterday? You’ve had enough chances to
“No,” Lisa says, her expression as stony as Dean’s. “I figured he had less chance of being shot if he studied in England.”
Castiel is right there, striding towards them, his coat flaring out behind him like a superhero’s cape. It’s possible that Dean has a concussion.
Aww, shit. Now Sam’s going to cry and it’s all Dean’s fault. “No, Sammy, it’s not your fault. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have said that.”
The guy, as redneck and wasted as Dean expected, appears taken aback for a second.
“I would like to take you out again tomorrow.”
After that, things go blurry around the edges for a few seconds, or maybe for a few minutes, the thumping pain in Dean’s head makes it hard to keep track of time. When the room swings back into focus, Dean is relieved to see that the waitress, thank god, has somehow managed to stay on her feet. She seems pretty mad though, her raised voice hurting Dean’s ears. Dean’s mumbled apologies from the floor don’t do much to calm her.
“Y’know I’m not some delicate virgin. You don’t have to defend my honor,” Dean grumbles as Ellen escorts him back to his room.
“Well, he’s not here, is he?” Dean retorts. “He’s busy.” Which is true. Cas has been busy a lot lately. Not that Dean’s complaining. He doesn’t expect Cas to hold his hand every minute of the day. He’s not even officially Dean’s bodyguard anymore so why would he want to hang around when Dean’s working.
“Are you changing?” Uriel asks him.
Dean pokes Cas in the chest. “Well, you know what’s not good for
“Dean.”  Lisa stops him before he can leave. “Have you… have you talked to Ben about any of this?”
“I can look after myself,” Dean returns sharply.
“So you’re just going to sit here and mope forever?”
That does sound like a pretty good idea. Sitting back down, turns into more of a controlled fall, as the ground sways up to meet him. If Benny hadn’t been there with a steadying hand, Dean would have ended up face-planting.
favorite food and show? I don’t think that’s how this is supposed to work.”
Dean sighs. “So, everyone keeps telling me.”
“Regardless, I do not think we want to go out like Butch and Sundance,” Cas notes wryly. “They didn’t exactly get a happy ending.”
“Oh sure, Uriel’s the funniest alpha in the church,” Dean says dryly when he realizes the old harpy expects a reply.
Before Sam can comment, Cas’s ringtone sounds from his pocket. Sam holds his finger up to signal he needs a minute and turns to answer the call.
“Actually.” Dean changes his mind. “Maybe I should.”
“Darling, my ego is entirely deserved. I’m good looking, incredibly successful, rich, suave, sophisticated and generously endowed. Most people would sell their souls to be me.”
“I’m fine with who I am,” he says flatly. “That just doesn’t line up with who you expect me to be.”
“And Cas, Meg is leaving you.”
“I was thirsty,” Sam whines, and then trips over his feet. Dean jerks to a stop to make sure he’s okay before starting to walk again, a little slower than before.
Well, he thinks, pushing himself up off his chair when the air turns too cool to sit outside comfortably and he’s in danger of still being around when Cas comes home with his date, he’s going to have to figure this shit out sooner or later, and not just because he doesn’t want to spend the rest of his life being sexiled in his room while Cas gets lucky.
“So, just because I like the smell of someone means I’m their soul mate? I don’t buy that. And what if I don’t want to be part of a pair? What if I’m perfectly happy staying single?”
He calls Crowley.
“A natural roofie. Make us desperate enough and we’ll bend over for anyone. It’s fucked up.”
“What?” Dean blinks.
“You’ll ask for help? You’ll ask me for help if you need it?”
Despite the lateness of the hour and the impression he got from Ellen that he should head to bed and not even contemplate absconding again, Dean doesn’t go straight to his room. Instead he pays a visit to the library. This time he ignores his usual Stephen King and Vonnegut novels, settling down in his favorite chair instead with a dry looking tome that has the dull title, Omega Oppression, A Comprehensive History.
“It’s going to be okay. I’ve got you.”
Looking back, Dean wouldn’t change any of the decisions he made. Not the ones involving Ben at least. Dean’s done a lot of stupid shit in his life but being Ben’s dad and being around to bring him up was a goddamn privilege.
Cas runs through the facts once more. His belligerent mood from earlier replaced by guarded patience. “In the last few weeks Alastair sent you several messages via an online social media account. It’s the first we’ve heard from him in over a year. Threatening messages. Violent, abusive and... graphic. We managed to trace him to the Claremont area. It took a few days to track down his exact location and for the last two days I have been keeping him under surveillance.”
The atmosphere does tend to be strained when the four of them meet up. Meg and Lisa may be best friends, but Dean and Cas don’t have much in common, and Meg has never hidden the fact that she doesn’t think Dean is good enough for Lisa. The few times that Dean has brought that up with his wife, she’s laughed it off as Dean imagining things. Admittedly, Dean might be a touch over-sensitive but he’s not imagining anything. At Dean and Lisa’s 10th Anniversary party, Meg, after having consumed half her body weight in champagne cocktails, flat out told Dean he was just a pretty face with a whole lot of nothing going on between the ears, and that Lisa would never have married him if she hadn’t fallen pregnant.
Sitting down at the kitchen table, and pouring himself a generous drink, Dean thinks about calling Jess. Can only imagine what his brother’s wife might have to say to him. Pictures the anger screwing up Sam’s mouth when he walked away.
Taken by surprise, Dean hesitates a bit too long before answering and ends up sounding like a dumbass. “That’s kind of you, Benny, but I wouldn’t want to intrude.”
Cas doesn’t let him. Talking over him instead. “Can I kiss you?”
“Sure,” he says. “Why not.”
Well, shit.
“And I think you need to get a fucking grip on reality.”
The idea of talking to a shrink though, of telling a stranger anything personal, makes him want to run for the hills. But then, the idea of talking to someone he knows isn’t any better. It’s not like he even has that many friends that he can just call up and chat with. Sure, the contact list on his cell is full of numbers, but they’re just people he knows. People he’s worked with. People who think Dean is a handy contact to have. Hollywood is so fucking fake. Everyone loves you to your face and bitches behind your back. You can’t trust anyone.
Cas doesn’t try to talk to Dean again. Nothing more serious than, have some water, and I love you and goodnight. Dean’s grateful for it. Even though he knows he can’t avoid the conversation for long. Cas is worried. He’s probably right to be; Dean was a moody asshole even before this bombshell news about his mother’s reappearance.
He probably should have considered the name of the place before he leapt to that conclusion.
Honestly, Dean’s not quite sure how he’s still walking by the end of the day. Exhaustion hits him like a sledgehammer the second Crowley announces they’re done. Even with the gallon of caffeine he’s downed, and the few cat-naps he's snatched during the day, Dean’s barely slept in the past twenty-four hours. Actually, he’s barely caught much sleep for the past few days. At least.
They’ve met three times at the Den, and then the last time, Crowley took him for a drive in his flashy jaguar (which is a gorgeous vehicle, but not a patch on Dean’s baby) and then on to a diner which did amazing burgers. It was pretty much Dean’s idea of a perfect date. If not the perfect person to be on a date with.
Garth pouts at him. “You’re going to be a tough nut to crack, I can already tell. Well, fine, if you’re sure, Mr. Grumpypants, but next time don’t be leading those poor alphas on.”
“I know this isn’t easy.”
Lisa grimaces. “I’ll try, Dean, I swear, but Cas is adamant that he’s staying, and seeing as how we all bought it together… “
Slumping back down in his chair, Dean sighs. “Not especially.”
“Bullshit,” Dean rages. “You’ve gone too far this time.”
“No, Cas,” Dean says through gritted teeth. “What’s a bad idea is you stopping right now.”
“Obviously not.”
“Nah,” Dean says, peering out over the parking lot rather than meeting Benny’s eye. “I’m not Cas’ type.”
“None of us are, brother,” Benny chuckles. “But you look damn sharp if you don’t mind my saying. You obviously take good care of yourself.”
“You fainted,” Cas crows. Smug bastard.
“You really think so?” Dean asks, doubtfully.
“Where are you going? Dean?”
“Come on, Cas,” Dean says, giving the motorcycle a soothing pat. “I’m not saying we don’t take this seriously, not really. I’m just saying... let’s not make a big deal of it. We can check the security cameras and ask around, but quietly, okay? I don’t want drama today.”
“Yo, Zach, how's it hanging, dude?” Ash slaps the new guy on the back, ignoring the way it makes the man’s jowly face turn purple. “Dean, this is Zach. One of our local welfare agents.”
“Did you know,” Cas is saying from where he’s sitting cross-legged on the floor. Dean isn’t sure how he got down there. He’s also not entirely sure how he ended up sitting beside him. “That I once had a threesome with Lisa and Meg?”
,” he concludes.
“Sure,” Dean says. He’s come this far. He’s not gonna chicken out now.
“Stop talking now,” Dean says, leaving before she can impart any more words of wisdom that will put him off sex altogether. Although at this point, he doesn’t think anything will put him off sex.
“Ok-ay,” Sam says, slowly, staring at him like he’s an unexploded bomb. “But are we gonna talk about how you took off on that deathtrap motorcycle without your cell? About how you stayed out all night? Y’know, Cas has been worried sick, Dean. We all have.”
“Well, sweetheart,” Dean winks, the ache in his ass already easing. “Why don’t you just try fucking the stubborn right out of me?”
“And as you’ve delayed coming to us for a while now, we’ve no time to waste,” Ellen adds.
“What the hell, dude?” Dean says, not missing the fury on Cas’s face as he instantly jumps between them, yanking Marv back by the collar of his crumpled suit jacket.
“Just a quick shower,” Cain says. “I promise it will help. It’s going to be a long few days, Dean. You need to pace yourself. Here, I’ll show you the way.”
“Okay,” Sam says, calm and reasoned, like he didn’t spend years asking Dean why his mom didn’t love him. “Okay. I think we all need to take a breath.”
He bolts from the cab leaving Cas to pick up the fare, and let’s himself into the house.
“Nice,” Dean says. “I bet they have a sweet breakfast buffet, ooh, and those little chocolates on the pillows.”
“What?” Cas asks, before nuzzling into the crook of Dean’s neck.
Dean has a drink in his hand. Unfortunately, it’s just a beer. He has an early call time in the morning and no intention of showing up hungover again. He’s a professional despite what anyone else seems to think. Although, if he’d thought he could have persuaded Cas to stop for a carton of Marlboro on the way home he would have a cigarette in his hand too.
Ellen humphs and lifts an eyebrow at Dean’s shit-eating grin. “Given how pleased with himself Dean looks, I somehow doubt you are entirely to blame, Castiel.”
“Three alphas,” Dean complains, glancing around to make sure no one is paying them attention as they leave the room with suspicious haste. “Three times the trouble.”
“He smells like a whore. Take your bitch and get out of here, Castiel,” Uriel interrupts with a snarl, spitting on the sidewalk where they’re standing. The interruption is unwelcome. Especially as getting out of there is exactly what Dean has wanted all along. And the whore was just uncalled for, and it’s why Dean unwraps himself from Castiel just long enough to punch Uriel in the face. His nose, already hurt from Castiel’s earlier blow, bursts like a fountain, spouting blood over Uriel’s shirt, his tie, his suit and the sidewalk.
Dean wonders if it stings. His face sure as hell does. His dad’s so drunk that he should have dodged that easily but he didn’t even see the blow coming.
“One cigarette is hardly smoking like a chimney and I’m not having panic attacks,” Dean snaps, quick to deny it. Too quick. Too vehement. “I told you, I’m fine. I’m great.”
“Do you want me to?” Cas asks, his expression carefully neutral when Dean looks up.
Dean huffs, his stomach churning with anxiety.
But Dean’s done. His head is buzzing and his skin’s crawling with the thought of Sam and Cas dissecting his every move. Gossiping about how fucked in the head he is.
“But you’re a pack, right? The three of you?”
Dean would even go so far as to say that he and Cas are now friends.
“So,” Dean says. “Can I ask you just one question?”
Common sense tells him it isn’t. That it can’t be. That this asshole’s voice doesn’t sound anything like the nasally words Alastair still hisses in Dean’s nightmares.
Mary shakes her head, her hands clasping anxiously at the purse in her hand. “No, I didn’t, I swear.” At least she doesn’t pretend not to know what Sam is talking about.
“I... I didn’t think... I’m sorry.”
“You cannot be serious,” Cas retorts, face stony.
Dean stands by the side of the road for hours, thinking himself in circles. By the time the sun starts to rise, the one thing he has decided is that he needs a break. Not in ten months or a year. But now. He’s going to finish these reshoots with Crowley but then he’s taking some time off. He hates letting people down, and he’s not sure how much it’s going to cost, financially or in bad publicity, but he doesn’t really care either.
“A couple of the studio execs might be showing up today,” Sam says. “For a surprise visit.”
“I don’t need to do shit with you right now, Lisa,” Dean says, shoving his phone charger in his bag before zipping it shut. “What I need is to get the fuck out of here.”
“And we promise that we won’t hurt you,” Benny assures him quickly, climbing on to the bed at the other side of Dean. “We want your first time to be special, sweetheart. To be what you want.”
“So,” Ellen says. “Let's get you settled in and explain how we operate.”
But this whole Alastair thing on top of his mother crawling out of the woodwork has really screwed with Dean’s head. And Dean’s head hasn’t been rational central for a while now. He suspects he can’t go on like this for much longer. It’s not surprising that Cas and Sam are worried about him. He has been more of a pain in the ass than usual lately.
“Perhaps, in retrospect, we were embarrassingly oblivious.”
“Neither am I,” Cas points out dryly. “And yet you think it perfectly acceptable that I visit a therapist regularly.”
“No.” Dean tilts his head in agreement. “But smoking weed out on the deck, wearing only a sun hat and flip flops while watching porn on your IPad does.”
Cain’s lips thin and Dean smells the anger rising in his scent.
“Pam,” Cas blurts out. His publicist is not the name Dean expected nor is it reassuring. “As she’s in charge of your social media accounts, she obviously knew about the original messages, and then... I called Charlie,” Cas eventually admits, not quite meeting Dean’s eye. “She’s been helping track Alastair down. And— “
Although he's nervous about his not-date with Benny he’s looking forward to it. If nothing else, it’ll be nice to be able to tell Sammy he’s gotten out of the house the next time he nags Dean about getting a life.
“The thing is,” Meg starts, picking up a wine glass and taking a hefty slug. “None of us are getting any younger. Ben has grown up and flown the nest. Claire is off trekking around the world. The business is… well, the business is doing amazingly actually. Profits are up and we’re thinking about adding...”
Story of his fucking life.
It’s cute that Cas is taking the issue of Dean’s consent so seriously, so Dean resists the temptation to scoff, and settles for placing a kiss on his temple instead. “I’ll be back in a minute,” he reassures the alpha. And then tacks on a stern warning. “Do not go anywhere.”
“Not anymore,” another exec steps in, nodding at a burly guy with security written all over him. Quite literally across his tee-shirt.
Of course, Gordon nearly falls, whisky addled and balance shot to hell. Dean grabs the drunken idiot’s arm to steady him. Gordon’s face screws up into an ugly snarl and before Dean has time to clue into what he’s about to do, never mind dodge the blow, Gordon’s throwing a punch. For a drunk guy, he has a powerful right hook, catching Dean square across the jaw. Propelled backwards, Dean trips over a waitress carrying a tray of dirty tumblers, and crashes to the floor in a shower of glass.
Dean waves the bottle of vodka. “I brought a peace offering.”
Charlie frowns. “What do you mean, no one available? It's not Gilda is it?”
“I’m...” fine, Dean was going to say. But then, remembering one thing that Tessa told him, about trying to be more truthful with his emotions, with Cas at least. He stops and takes a deep breath. “I’m just a little nervous, I guess. About who might be out there.”
“You are a good dad.”
Dean glares at her. “Nope.”
Before he drags himself to bed, he showers long enough that the water turns cold. Even then he doesn’t feel like he’s scrubbed the stench of Uriel’s odor from his skin. Despite his exhaustion, he sleeps for shit. He spends most of the night trying to work out how to fix all the stupid mistakes he’s made. By morning he’s no closer to figuring it out.
“Language,” Dean scolds automatically, sitting down on a stool at the kitchen island and attempting to open the bottle with one hand.
“You don’t even know me, Cas,” Dean says, unable to hold Cas’ gaze, his eyes straying down to the alphas lips instead which is probably a mistake because they are very distracting. “You don’t know that I’m any of those things.”
“Yeah, daddy,” the guy says. “Gonna… gonna come.”
“She’ll get over it,” Cas assures Dean, slapping him on the shoulder before he walks away. Leaving his plate beside the sink.
“No problem,” Sam says. “I should have made you take some vacation time years ago. I am kind of sorry about that.”
“They do?”
“Well, I am,” Sam says. “And I say no, too.”
Cas sighs, opens his eyes and glares at him. “I’m trying not to climb on top of you and lick the sweat from your skin. If you could give me a moment to regain my composure it would be appreciated.”
“Caring about me, huh? And that gives y’all the right to discuss me like I’m a fucking meal-ticket does it?”
“My bees. I find caring for them soothing. And they make the most delicious honey in the state.”
,” Cas says, using air-quotes because he’s the kind of asshole that does that. “But you need to realize that this is my house too. Whatever attachment you have to this place is not any stronger than I have.”
It took him a while to make it to the club. He had an address and vague directions from Crowley but he wasn’t that sure what he was looking for, so it was past midnight by the time he eventually stepped through the door.
“Well, I guess I am sorry about that.”
Coffee mug in hand —world’s best Dad mug that Ben gave him on Father’s Day when he was eleven— Dean hobbles out to the balcony, blinking against the morning sunshine.
Not convincing enough apparently. “Maybe I should come home. I’m sure I could arrange some time off. Or I could just drop out and go to college closer to home next year.”
Cas lets go of Marv, wiping his hands on his pants, a bemused expression on his face.
“Are you sure it isn’t your huge ego?”
“Loads,” Dean lies, his ears suddenly hot.
Dean almost swallows his tongue when Benny’s hand comes up to rest on the back of his neck. “She told me all she wants for Christmas is to ride you hard, Dean,” Benny says, his southern drawl dripping sugar-sweet down Dean’s spine. “And I’d be lying if I hadn’t thought about licking your cute ass open and fucking you sloppy. You’d be the best Christmas gift I’d had in years.”
The slow topple of the motorcycle somehow manages to catch them both off guard despite the fact it was the most predictable thing in the world.
Dean’s too busy angling for an argument now to listen to what Benny is saying, “Doesn’t care about me? Of course not. Why would anyone give a damn about a second-rate omega like me, huh?” Dean jumps up, his chair legs scraping across the floor.
Sam narrows his eyes. “If Cas was here you wouldn’t be playing the damn martyr. You’d be taking breaks and looking after yourself.”
Dean rolls his eyes so hard it actually hurts. “It does prove what an idiot whoever did this is. I mean, a beauty like this, the keys sitting right there on the table, and they didn’t take the chance to steal her?”
“He didn’t have you though,” Dean jabs.
“Merry Christmas to you too, Claire.”
Sam fidgets with his watch strap before finally coughing up the details. “She said… uh… she said that Ruby was a lying bitch. And that… well, that you needed to go to a Den. And that I was being a selfish jerk for complaining about it so much.”
They haven’t. Obviously. But they will. They always do.
And that’s why the thought of Cas and Sam discussing him cuts so deep. They are the two people he trusts most in the world. The two people he thought he could depend on. It’s an insidious thought, that they’ve been keeping secrets from him. Lying to him. Talking about him. Discussing how messed up he is. Even if they have their reasons. If they’re not wrong.
Charlie feigns a shocked gasp. “Steampunk Hermione, Dean. Jeez, does Ginny have a badass time turner?” She holds up her necklace to let Dean see more closely.
“So, you got any idea what you’re gonna do now?” Dean asks, mainly because he’s got no fucking clue himself.
Cas, on the other hand, would quite like to scoop Crowley’s eyes out with a spoon. That he admits this while brandishing a kitchen knife should be worrying but Dean’s too busy admiring how hot Cas looks when he’s pissed at someone other than him.
“Beautiful, Dean, just beautiful. Now slip your finger inside your hole. Go on, for me, that’s it... just the tip and... oh, yes... yes, Dean. You really are a slut for anything in your hole, aren’t you, boy?”
“Not if I can help it,” Dean mumbles to Cas’ departing back.
As Marv flounces off set, Cas sends him a killer glare, one that Dean hopes promises future retribution. Not that Dean wants Cas to punch or otherwise maim the director in any way… other than how he really does.
The tumbler in his hand goes flying across the room, shattering against the wall, and raining down over the floor in a thousand fractured pieces. His shoulders are heaving, heartbeat pounding loud and fast in his ears. He slaps his hands down on the counter top, the sting barely registering. He can feel the suffocating weight of Cas and Sam watching him. Christ, if they didn’t think he was on the verge of a breakdown before they will now.
“Hmm,” Cas says, hand curling possessively around the television remote.
“Do we need to label whatever this is?”
Dean takes a deep breath before he speaks again. Tries to keep his voice level. Emotionless.
“Cas.” Dean somehow finds the strength of will to nudge Cas back gently. They’re both breathing hard. Trembling.
Dean stands up, leans forward, hands flat on the table. “Listen lady, you don’t get to tell me to do squat. You lost that right the night you walked out and just kept right on walking.”
Dean’s heart sinks. That’s not exactly what he wanted to hear. He scowls at Cas, and Jesus fucking Christ on a pogo stick, the dork is still wearing the damn Santa hat. Dean grabs a dishcloth and scrubs some of the tacky mess from his face, wincing when rubs a bit too hard over his bruised jaw. “Bit fucking late now, Cas.”
Ten days in and he’s won around most of the cast and crew who haven’t had the dubious pleasure of working with him before. And fired a handful of Marv’s most obnoxious supporters. If there’s anyone left in the crew who thinks Metatron was treated badly, they’re sensible enough to keep quiet about it.
Yes, Dean does want the comfort of having his brother beside him during all this, but he’s not a completely selfish asshole. “No, Sam, don’t bother. I know you’re busy and you’re saving your vacation days for when Eileen pops.”
“Actually,” Lisa says. “We were thinking about moving into Meg’s house for now, seeing as how it’s closer to the office. I’m putting this place on the market. I knew you wouldn’t want it.”
“Yeah, well,” Dean says, scrubbing his hand over his jaw. “Me neither. But I can take care of myself. How bad could it possibly be.”
“Next time,” he says, eyes dark. “Next time I’ll let you play with some of my toys.”
“I’m your boyfriend,” Cas shrugs, as though he’s not done anything out of the ordinary. “And I’m proud of you. It’s about time everyone knew that.” Cas glances up at the stage as he says it, a smug tilt to his lips. Dean looks over his shoulder to see Idris wolf whistling and Crowley saluting Cas.
On top of all the damn paperwork, Dean is also having to get used to living without his blockers and suppressants.
When Cas doesn’t appear mollified Dean bites the bullet and does the grown-up thing.
“You lied to my face, Sam. Straight up lied. Cas was out there with Alastair and I didn’t even know about it. What if something had happened? We’re family, we’re supposed to have each other’s backs.” Dean shakes his head. “No, y’know what? I’m not getting into this with you. It’s not the time or place.”
“And yet you’re the most interesting omega I’ve met in years.”
“Cas isn’t a weirdo,” Dean says sharply, turning his attention back to Gordon. “He’s my friend. And my ex isn’t a bitch. We just… don’t want the same things anymore.”
“My motorcycle. I left it here yesterday. I need to check…” Dean trails off as he dashes outside to check on his Indian.
He flaps his hand in a whatever gesture.
“It means that you’ve helicopter-parented that boy so badly he probably doesn’t even know how to make his own bed never mind his own decisions.”
They went to insane lengths to make sure no paps followed from the house, and the restaurant they’re at is a small family owned one. One they visit often, and have done since Dean’s modelling days. Ellen, the owner, mothers them terribly. She’s been attempting to put more meat on Dean’s bones ever since he was literally a starving model. All sharp cheekbones and huge eyes.
“He needs for his marriage not to have been a damn sham for the past twelve years. He needs his wife not to be an unfaithful liar. He needs to be treated with some respect, he does not need a… a… fucking paper bag,” Cas snaps, shoving his chair back, throwing his napkin down on the table, and standing up.
“Yeah, this crap ain’t exactly a feel-good flick. Maybe you should put on Home Alone instead. It’s always fun watching bad guys getting their faces smashed in.”
Marv visibly gulps.
“I ain’t a whore,” Dean snarls, feeling a huge burst of satisfaction at seeing Uriel bent double and clutching his face. “Or a bitch.”
He throws himself down on the grass and drops his head into his hands. He hadn’t meant to blow up like that at Missouri, but god, he’s sick of hearing how clueless he is about this whole omega thing. He’s not an idiot. He’s always known he was different. Shit, he’d spent half his school years punching out asshole kids for pointing that out to him. The problem with living in a relatively small town was everyone knew everyone else’s business. And everyone and their fucking aunt knew that Dean Winchester was one of them omega bitches. He’s been hearing it since he was too young to have any idea what it meant. And ever since he figured it out, he’s been busy proving to everyone, and himself, that he’s no-one’s goddamn bitch.
“Or killed,” Dean snarls. “Sure, sounds like a kindness to me, you psycho bitch.”
Sam and Dean grin.
He’s sure he hasn’t seen this guy around before. He’d definitely remember.
“Uh-huh,” Sam says, his eyebrows doing some weird dance that Dean tries to ignore.
They bought the beach house around eight years ago. Not Dean and Lisa. Dean, Lisa, Meg, and Cas. Of course, Lisa and Meg had floated the idea originally. What a unique opportunity it was. What a bargain it was. But a bargain they could best afford if they shared the property. Because they might be rich, but at that point, they were not beach front property rich.
“No,” Dean says, forcing his voice to remain equally calm even though he feels as though Cas has just punched him. He takes a long draw from his cigarette, his hand shaking hard, flicks the ash into a dirty cup. “It’s mine. Thank you for the reminder.”
“Maybe they just loved seeing me make a fool of myself?”
Garth’s smile falters. “Because he likes you.”
“So,” Dean says. “Feelings, huh.”
“I wouldn’t call that little display kissing.” Ellen is trying to maintain her haughty composure but Dean can tell she’s not half as mad as she’s pretending to be.
“She wrote,” Sam starts, holding up the letter.
“Oh, that’s right. You were trying out that new place. How did you like it?”
“It’s not the fact that you found an alpha, three alphas even, that I have a problem with, Dean Winchester. You know that all I want is for you to be happy.” Ellen crosses her arms over her chest as she watches him pack. “What I have a problem with is you jumping straight into bed with them. There’s supposed to be a courtship.”
“So, what happened?”
Dean raised his bottle to his lips, and then paused. He was glad it was Bobby here, and not John. He could never have been this brave with John, even in death.
“Sorry” Cas touched his nose against Dean’s.
“Yes Dean, I remember” Cas replied as he pulled his blue t-shirt over his head. “I led garrisons of angels in Heaven’s wars, and I remembered the name of every one. I do have a functioning memory”.
“Of course, Dean”. Cas raised his hand to Dean’s face, caressing his cheek. “I know it took a lot for us to happen. I love you for winning that fight. Let’s get snow cones, and then figure this out later”.
“You shut up, assbutt”.
Dean shot a knowing look at his husband as he commented “Yep, I know a little bit about that”.
“Idjit” was the response from the creaky old camping chair, as expected.
“He did, Dean. He really did” replied Cas with a smile as he linked the fingers of his left hand between those of Dean’s right. With only his left hand free on the steering wheel, Dean outstretched his fingers to admire his own gold ring: the blue line of his the only difference between the two.
The moment of terror was short-lived however, as he saw Cas’ lips erupt into his own wry smile. Light danced in Cas’ eyes as his gaze swept over Dean’s face.
“Shit”. A flush of shame and hopelessness coursed through Dean as he took a deep breath and placed his coffee on the roof of the car.
“I know he ain’t your ‘friend’, son. Let’s be honest”.
Dean felt a wave of nausea overcome him at the thought of his beloved brother’s early demise.
“Go on boy, go get your angel”.
“Because sometimes love isn’t enough, Dean. I made a deal to save my son’s life. I put his life and his happiness ahead of my own. And ahead of yours. And I would do it again”.
“You all right son?” A gruff voice from the late-arriving Beauville spoke up before Cas could offer words of comfort. The two men turned around to see the grizzled old face of a man who had to be 70 if he was a day. His leather waistcoat bore a faded AC/DC logo and the silver chains hanging from his old blue jeans jangled as he stepped out of his red and white station wagon. The cigarette hanging from his lip looked as if it had been there for 40 years, and his thinning white hair hung down past his leathery shoulders.
Dean dropped him back on his feet, and this time it was his turn to initiate a kiss. Impossibly, it was charged with as much electricity as the first. Dean felt himself become light-headed as small noises escaped Cas’ mouth.
Like Bobby had predicted, Heaven really lived up to its name that day, and the day after.
“Honestly, there’s nothing you need to worry about” seconded Cas, sensing a change in the atmosphere.
“Jeez, Cas, keep that up and we might have to pull this car over”.
“No, I know.” Cas raised his hands in a gentle gesture of surrender. “Today was interesting, and risky. I don’t think we should do that again. But do you understand what I mean?”
The angel’s shoulders dropped almost imperceptibly but his gaze remained on the horizon.
“Let’s go Dean. We haven’t much time”. Cas took Dean’s hand as if to walk back down to the car-park.
This time Cas was the one who spoke up.
“This.”
A few moments of idle chatter later, Cas’ eye was caught by a classic 1932 Ford Roadster, painted with flames, its cartoon eye-like headlights catching the sun. Eileen grabbed his shoulder as they approached the car, her breath catching in her throat as she did.
“It is true that I demanded a lot of you last night, especially after a 12 hour drive. However that is in the past now, so let’s move on and stop your complaining” he deadpanned, again.
He threaded his fingers between Cas’ so their palms were facing each other and looked him in the eye.
Focus on the positive, he told himself. After all these years of longing and mixed messages, after conquering God and death and The Empty, the two of them had finally found happiness in each other. Dean’s near death experience on a simple salt & burn had been the prompt he needed to get Cas back, to face his feelings, and to finally allow himself the love he deserved. They had both paid big prices for it, Cas was reminded daily as his grace had diminished. But now he was human: he ate food, he took up running, he made love to his husband, and he watched his garden grow. Life was spectacularly ordinary, and he couldn’t be happier. His recently acquired mortality was an added impetus to avoid physical trauma.
“Thanks for understanding, angel”.
“You could have had another 40 years. You could have settled down, had a family, got a normal job. Done normal human things”.
“It sounded like your day has started off with a dose of intolerance. You ok?”
All the levity from the earlier conversation vanished as the Winchesters watched Daryl. The guilt and shame on his face was salient, destroying his tough-guy appearance. The old man’s tobacco-and-time-browned hand covered his eyes as he pressed his temples with thumb and middle finger, sighing deeply.
As if sensing there was a lot more to that story that didn’t need to be told, Daryl returned his gaze to Baby.
The scene before Dean was nothing short of miraculous. Clear blue skies stretched down to the rugged peaks of a mountain range, dusted in snow. About a third of the way down, the snow made way for tall, elegant trees. Perhaps some sort of fir? Dean was reminded of a case years ago, in northern Washington, where the green of the forests was almost hypnotic.
A comfortable silence fell upon the 3 as Daryl turned his attention to the Impala.
“Holy shit, Cas. I mean, wow”.
Cas stopped walking, taking both Dean’s hands in his when the hunter paused. Several paces ahead, Sam squeezed Eileen’s hand to stop her, and translated the conversation behind them.
The noise that escaped Dean’s mouth was almost a scoff.
Dean’s laughter came from right down in the very core of his being and he brought Cas’ hand up to his lips.
“Oh I’m sorry if you had a terrible morning, Mister Insatiable!!”
Cas’ eyes narrowed and his lips thinned as he tried his best to look offended.
“I just wanted you to be happy, Dean.” Even though it was technically no longer beating, Dean felt his heart crack a little. This was the angel who defied Heaven, time after time, for him. God himself couldn’t control Castiel’s love for his human charge, and now all the angel wanted was for him to be happy.
Sam muttered under his breath. “What the actual fuck?”.
Smiling, Cas caught Buddy’s eye before leaning in and delivering a passionate kiss to his husband. The crowd erupted in applause again, unbeknownst to the two leaning against the driver’s side door, lost in their embrace.
“But Mister Miller, they’re homosexuals! They don’t belong here.”
“I mean he was, for a long time. Now he’s my husband. Name’s Dean Winchester. This is Cas.” He stretched his other hand out to shake the old man’s.
“No. He’s not my friend.” Dean stepped towards the old man, grasping Cas’ hand as he did so.
“Daryl, you are a good man” Dean declared as he pocketed the pamphlet “You have more than made up for your past mistakes”.
Two miles. Dean’s mind raced through a thousand possibilities as he stood up. Could he run two miles? How long does it take to walk there? Are there cars in Heaven? What if he’s mad. What if he’s like REALLY pissed that I’m here a month after The Empty took him? Has it been a month here? What if it’s been millennia here? I should have said something to him. Perhaps I should have prayed to him, or to Jack…
“So you managed to unlearn what your father taught you” asked Dean.
Taking each other’s hands and beckoning towards their family, Dean and Cas passed through the dwindling crowd towards the food trucks. Buddy’s apoplectic ramblings were fading away in the late summer heat, and the rumble of engines began to intensify.
“Yep” Dean barely looked up as he and Daryl animatedly debated the virtues of the inline 6 cylinder engine as compared to the big block V8.
“He’s here. He’s been waiting. He’s going to be pissed that you’re here so soon, but I’m sure his feathery ass will get over it.” A beat, while Bobby appraised his boy. The thought of Dean finding happiness after the sacrifices he had made... Heaven was really living up to its name.
A blush crept up Cas’ face as he remembered the reasons that Dean was so tired.
Dean was surprised at the honesty that came out of his mouth next.
“Dean, I couldn’t risk Jack, or you. It was too dangerous”.
An alarmed look glanced from Dean, to Cas, to Sam & Eileen, and back to Dean again. Had Daryl turned on them?
“I got a bit distracted there, with the kissing. I apologise. It might be a day here, but on Earth, for the living, about 45 years have passed. The day after tomorrow, Sam will die of old age, with his beloved son by his side. He has had a wonderful life. He was married, he was happy, and he will be here soon”.
“I thought we could, yes. Can we go now, please, before I tear that damn shirt off you right here on the beach?”
“What about?”
“Care to elaborate?” he prompted.
The look that flashed across Cas’ face was gone as soon as it arrived as he expertly masked his disappointment.
As Cas spoke, the crowd grew. The characteristic petrol-heads were interspersed with families, groups of teens, and a surprising number of middle-class couples.
His phone informed him that the temperature had cracked 100 degrees, so Cas headed towards the tinny music emanating from the food trucks, hoping for something frozen and sweet. A line of garish hot rods led towards the food, so he paused occasionally to look. His attention was focused on a particularly horrendous neon green street rod when a pair of arms snuck around his waist. Cas gasped in fright until he realised who the arms were attached to. Spinning around he lifted his sister-in-law in a generous hug, her feet pointing up to the sky like a dancer.
His hands flew to Castiel’s waist, holding on as if his life depended on it. After a few seconds he found himself with his arms wrapped around that waist, as he was no longer able to stand of his own volition. Cas’ kiss was simultaneously soft and fierce; loving and desperate; sacred and filthy. Dean’s hands travelled up the angel’s back, grasping at the back of his shoulders as twelve years of longing was released. Exploring each other’s mouths was like coming home, while Dean’s hands scrambled for purchase on Cas’ shirt and shoulders. They kissed for eons, before finally coming up for air.
“Heh” The scrawniest of the men grinned, feeling emboldened. “Pretty funny eh?”
“You raised me from hell. You rebuilt me, body and soul. You heard my prayers. You know me inside out, and yet you go and say that the one thing you want, you can’t have. If you hadn’t made that deal, we could be living the dream.”
“He was pretty vague, they flew in last night about the same time we arrived, so I guess whenever they can drag themselves out of bed”.
“Yes ma’m, she is. Got her from my father about 20 years ago, and have looked after her ever since.”
“Hmm” Cas replied. “It was pretty difficult to get you out of bed this morning, so I can understand if it takes Eileen a while to get them here”.
Cas felt his eyes glaze over as the two petrol-heads dived into a discussion of suspension and steering columns and relative cubic inch measurements. He stood up after a few moments and patted Dean on the knee.
Daryl threw them a sideways look as he got out of his chair.
Daryl’s eyes darkened, and his posture shifted, almost imperceptibly, into defensive mode. As if rehearsed, Sam and Eileen stepped behind him, their presence and statures suggesting a beat down for anyone who dared step up.
“I’m serious Dean. It got me thinking”.
“What did I say that was so profound, angel?”
“Cas, I am so sorry. We could have had a life on Earth. Together.”
Whether it was Jack, or Cas, or one of the lesser angels they had on their books; the roads were magnificent. The corners were canted precisely, and it appeared that the Heavenly Impala had significantly better rear suspension than its Earthly equivalent. Whoever had calculated the camber of Heaven’s roads was surely an engineering genius. Or perhaps Heaven had seconded some of its more experienced motorists to the task. Whatever the case was, the two miles flew past.
“Do you hear me complaining, angel?”
Cas was not a particularly verbose individual, but the combination of shock and confusion rendered him speechless. He turned his head towards Dean with an unrivalled expression of utter confusion.
Dean looked confusedly at his husband as he led him over to the flame-adorned hot rod. Their movement caught the crowd’s eye and the applause faded. Cas pulled Dean’s hand and spun him around, leaning him against the hot rod where he took his face in his hands.
Despite the heat, the crowd increased by the minute. Dean had only a few moments to collect his thoughts and text Sam their precise location before his peace was interrupted by a young family.
“Shirt off first, otherwise it stains.”
“Man, Sam really nailed it with these rings, didn’t he?”
With a soft nip, he completed his exploration of Cas’ neck. He released his arms and spun him around so they were facing each other again.
“Hey, I didn’t…” but Cas was right.
A wave of shame, regret, frustration, and sadness washed over Dean as he thought of the countless missed opportunities that had passed them by on Earth.
Cas gently returned her to the ground and untangled himself from her arms as Sam gave an affectionate shoulder squeeze to his brother-in-law.
His eyes rested on Castiel’s feet for a moment, and then wandered northwards. What was it about Heaven that stripped away one’s filters? One’s internal defence mechanisms? Shocking himself, Dean’s next thought was focused on how the angel was wearing the hell out of those blue jeans. His gaze trailing upwards, he admired the shape of Cas’ legs and further up still… that ass. How on earth has he managed to hide that heavenly ass all this time? Dean made himself blush at the thoughts that ass prompted. Further up still, the black t shirt curved and stretched over a surprisingly muscular back and those shoulders… Dean stopped to catch his breath. The push of his hands deep into his pockets caused Cas’ arm muscles to flex, and Dean found himself wanting to touch the angel’s triceps, to feel if they were really carved from wood as they appeared to be. Finally, Dean allowed himself to gaze upon the face. That face that wept for him, that fell for him, that died for him. The gentle wrinkles around his eyes were engaged as Cas squinted into the bright afternoon sun. The bed hair was a little longer and a little messier than Dean remembered, and a few grey hairs at the temple spoke of the angel’s enduring humanity. Dean noticed his facial expression had changed. Cas held a sad smile on his face which, not for the first time, Dean couldn’t read. Was he glad to see him? Was he mad? Was he going to reject him? Was it just too late for Dean?
“You said you weren’t sure about your mind, but you knew what your heart was for”.
“Well Dean, I’m glad to report this story has a happy ending. My grandson Johnny is now 21, earning straight A’s in college, and is my pride and joy. Seeing him that night made me seriously have to rethink my ways. He lived with me ever since, I actually adopted him”. The smile on Daryl’s face spread to the other two.
“Yes, Cas?”
Dean responded with a sly smile. Like a sneeze, the phrase resonated throughout his entire being, into every cell. Upon reflection, he thought he did a damn good job of containing the thrill generated by those two little words.
“Dude, I want to know what’s so funny” piped up the second man.
Without a trace of malice or ill-feeling, Dean replied. “Well you can consider yourself relieved of that position. I died, and now we’re here. You’ve got to trust me from now on ok?”. He took his left hand and gently placed it on Cas’ chin, lifting his face back up again. Once their eyes were on each other again, the hand moved slightly. Fingers traced the line of the angel’s jaw before coming to rest on his neck, thumb stroking his cheek from lip to ear. Dean’s heart beat triple time at the thrill of finally touching that face. And those eyes, those impossibly bluer than blue eyes. A man could live a thousand lifetimes before he saw something so beautiful. A moment passed and he felt the fingers on his right hand become untangled as Cas mirrored his gesture and cradled Dean’s face as if it was precious porcelain. Seconds or years flew by as the two of them stood there, drinking each other in.
Dean felt a brief moment of terror at the angel’s response. Wait, how it is not ok now? I thought we were all cool, what have I done wrong? His hand flew from Cas’ face and stopped, fingers curled, in the air between them.
“Damn homos, thinking you can come along and gay up our car show”. This earned a few murmured cheers from the crowd, which had grown. Encouraged by the crowd, he continued. “Shouldn’t be allowed out in public, damn perverts. Corrupting our children, now the government thinks we have to tolerate these abominations in public.”
“Cas I think this queue might be moving soon”. The former angel untangled his fingers from Dean’s and reached closer, running his fingers down his cheek and neck.
“Steady on, son” Bobby comforted, seeing the alarm on Dean’s face. “Lookit” as he gestured beyond the end of the porch. The sight of the Impala took his breath away. She was almost the same as he remembered her, but somehow, she glowed, faintly. Her tyres were shinier than he had ever seen, and the glass appeared clearer, more precise. It was as if life was a bright glaring day and now Dean was viewing things through polarised lenses. He chuckled to himself. “Hey Baby, how’s Uncle Bobby been treating you?”.
“This is a thing that Johnny and I have been working on”.
“What do you mean, I thought we had forever?”
“Um, care to elaborate? I’m not sure I understand”.
“You’re an idiot”. Dean took another step closer, his right hand reaching for Castiel’s left one, as if of its own accord.
Finally satisfied with the way the Impala looked, Dean returned the polishing cloths to the trunk and set out the information card. “1967 Chevrolet Impala”, read Cas’ calligraphic writing on the standardised sheet. “Sport Sedan model, big block V8, 327 engine, 4 barrel carburettor. Some modifications by current owner”. They had agonised over the wording of that last one. Dean had worried that “Total rebuild by current owner and since deceased de facto paternal unit” may have generated more questions than he was ready to answer. He lay the information sheet on the dash, positioned so that it was easily visible to the show’s visitors and pulled two deck chairs from the back seat. The heat was intensifying and Dean wished he had requested iced coffee instead of hot.
“Dean, I thought we agreed…”
“Yes, the Jesus argument. The same Jesus who sat with society’s outcasts, who advocated for the rights of the unenfranchised, the poor, the sick. He would definitely have no time for this intolerance”.
In the grand scheme of things, 41 is still pretty young but given the less than gentle life Dean had lived, he had more than his fair share of aches and pains. It was pleasant to get out of the low car without the usual creaks in his knees and hips echoing the creak in the car door.
“Dean, the car needs to be actually moving to pull over”.
“Go on. Don’t make him wait any longer”.
Eileen showed him and Sam responded by practicing a few times, earning him an affectionate hand on his cheek.
“Dean I… I wanted to protect you. Its my job”. His eyes dropped to the ground, almost in shame.
Cas’ smile shone out of his face as he wrapped his arms around Dean.
“Dean?”
“Daryl. My name’s Daryl” the old man offered, after a beat.
“No Dean. However, I think you know what your mind is for”.
It was Cas who finally broke the silence. “I trust you Dean. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you, and I’m sorry you died so young. But I would be lying if I said I was sorry you were here with me. I’m not sorry about that”.
“I’m going for a walk.”
“Don’t you crash that car now cos you’re too busy crying. This might be heaven, but she’ll still get dent”. Bobby’s attempt to cover up the crack in his gruff exterior failed miserably as Dean pulled him in for a hug. He may have spent his life in denial, and the last 12 years of it ignoring the thing he truly wanted, but the boy knew how to pour heart and soul into a hug. He held Bobby tight until the old man’s gravelly voice spoke up again.
The two hot rodders looked at each other, and then at their brothers in arms in the crowd.
“Dammit Cas, maybe this was a mistake”.
“Its time” she whispered into the girl’s ear.
The half grin of confusion on the hot-rodder’s faces was comical, in spite of the hatred they were professing.
“Cas, what the hell? I’ve been gone a day! What’s happened to Sam?”
The look that passed between the two of them was loud enough for Daryl to notice.
“I think we might be there now” Cas whispered to Dean as he dropped his head to the other’s shoulder.
Dean pulled away and strode purposefully towards his other great love. The creak in the driver’s door made him smile as he muttered to himself: “kid remembered every damn thing”.
“No, its not ok now” replied Cas.
“Don’t sound so surprised, man”.
“Hey guys, I’m having a great day at the car show. Wondering if I can come over tonight, there’s something I’d like to talk to you about”. Exhaling deeply, she took the hand of the girl next to her and gave it an affectionate squeeze.
“Its ok Dean. I managed to keep my hands off you for 12 years. I can do one more day”.
“Of course Dean. It might be Heaven, but a man needs his sleep”. Dean could hear the smile in Cas’ voice.
“I did. Are you gonna make me say it again? Here, in front of my brother?”
Tears filled Dean’s eyes as Cas’ words flushed away the shame and regret.
Dean sipped his beer as he waited for a response. His stomach churned at the prospects running through his mind, but there was a sense of comfort knowing that Bobby was on his side.
“No, not remotely” Cas replied, gesturing at Eileen. “Its just my sister-in-law was wondering why the two pastimes outlined there need be mutually exclusive”.
“Hey, how long have you two been here?” Cas asked, in both spoken language and ASL.
The taller of the two hot-rodders took a threatening step towards Cas, drawing himself up to his full height. Unfortunately for him, he was well short of Cas’ six feet, so was forced to tip his head up to meet Cas’ eye. He jutted out his jaw in an attempt to compensate for his reduced stature.
Directly in front of the car park was the beach; golden sand stretching towards the water. To the right lay some small gentle mounds, about twice the height of a person. If they were at the sea, they would be called sand dunes, but here they were softer, more welcoming, grassier. The late afternoon sun made shadows among them, and it was from within one of these shadows that the vision appeared.
Unable to open his eyes, Dean pressed their foreheads together and caught his breath before whispering.
Gone was the ugly trench coat, the dress shirt and the clumsily done tie. The clothes he’d worn on Earth had served to cover an unexpected figure.
“Oh, Dean. I should have explained that too. I’m so sorry”. Cas looked genuinely upset at his apparent inability to make himself clear. Turning to Dean, he took both hands again, caressing them with his thumb.
“Yes, the Bible. That hotch-potch collection of stories written over the period of a thousand years, collated in the least scientific fashion possible, by a bunch of people who couldn’t prove authorship or authenticity, and who believed that the sun revolved around the earth”.
“Interesting is one word for it, yes. At least my brother and I, we had each other”.
“Are we going to inspect the bed, Dean?”
Another bystander was clearly feeling brave, and she managed to get out a few words before Cas soundly shut her argument down.
“It really was awful. Like ground up dirt” He spelled out the word “dirt”, unsure of the sign.
“No, I do not. 1932 was a fine year for Ford.” Cas stood a little taller as he spoke, feeling brave. Only a few more steps until he passed the point of no return.
Then, turning his focus onto the hot-rodder, Dean snarled “What the fuck did you say about me you neanderthal piece of shit? Was it that we shouldn’t be allowed in public? That we were perverting the nation? That we were gaying up your car show?” a smirk crossed his face. “I dunno man, I fuck my husband every damn night, and even I think the flames on your car are pretty gay”.
“They’re married! To each other, Kyle. They’re homosexuals! I can’t believe they tolerate this sort of thing at a family event” Her voice betrayed her attempts to quell her increasing hysteria as she flustered her children away.
“What for?”
“Cas I didn’t want to live anymore” This is it, this is your chance. For Jack’s sake, you know he loves you. He flat out told you, and it killed him. He gave his life for you, the least you can do it pony up and tell the truth.
“No!!” they replied in unison, laughing.
“I assume you’re meaning the car and not my husband!”
The mother grinned as she watched Dean try to keep his cool while the little girl poked her sticky fingers over Baby’s chrome.
“As elaborate as your argument is, I must disagree. I think you will find that beyond your own prejudices, there is no moral, religious, social, political, or cultural reason why this sort of blatant homophobia should be tolerated”.
“Will you stay with me?” he almost pleaded.
“Sam. Cas.” She spoke so rarely these days, as her family’s ASL was improving so rapidly. Sam was used to going for days without hearing his wife’s voice, so hearing it now made him pay attention.
Dean found himself frozen to the spot, startled by the sight. God, he’s beautiful. How is it possible he’s here? How does this work? Is he human, or angel still? What the hell do I do?
It was almost 10 before the two men pulled into their allocated spot, and they quickly set to work on making Baby presentable. The Chevrolet section of the display arena was by far the largest, but there was not another Impala comparable to Dean’s Baby. Despite her years, the old girl sparkled and shone, a testament to the care and love she had received, especially in the weeks leading up to the Woodward Dream Cruise.
Cas opened his mouth to speak finally.
“What did you say before about stopping an apocalypse? About defeating God? You saved the world. A lot. You deserve happiness, and love. You were a poor motherless child who was forced to raise your own brother when you were still a baby yourself. Your father was, and excuse me for my bluntness, an abusive and neglectful parent, yet look at what you did. Dean, Jack and I designed this Heaven with you in mind. You deserve an eternity in paradise for the things you did”.
Harvelle's Road House, Heaven.
Cas paused, that sly smile spreading all the way up to one arched eyebrow.
The hot sun beat down on the family as they passed the last of the hot rods and lined up for snow cones, debating what flavour they thought Daryl would like.
Dean grinned, eyeing up his husband’s shirtless body.
“Come on then, angel. Let’s go and check out this house of ours”.
“Its ok, angel.” Dean licked his top lip. “You looked better in it anyway”.
The brief distraction of the message meant that Cas missed the appearance of the hot rod’s owner. A short, scrawny man had emerged from the crowd, his pale skin already reddening in the sun. Mousy brown hair tufted from under his dirty trucker hat, and his black jeans sat low on his skinny body.
“Shut up, smartass.”
“Sweetheart, I know. I agree with you. There is a fight to be had, and today, we made a difference. I know we can make a bit difference in the lives of many people. Can I just… I’m tired, Cas. Can we finish this event, have a holiday on the beach, and then change the world?”
“Maybe later” was the reply as Cas turned away, returning the sunscreen to the back of the car.
“Momma lookit, its like Grampa’s car!”. The small red-haired girl looked about 7 or 8 and she pulled her mother by the hand towards where Dean sat under his umbrella.
“Sorry for what, Dean? Sorry for turning up here so soon? Sorry for squandering your twilight years on carelessness? Sorry for being so reckless that you ended up dead on a piece of rebar?” There was the faintest suggestion of steel in Cas’ voice in the last few words as he turned his head slightly towards Dean.
The awkwardness Dean felt was at odds with the scenery. It was almost too much, so he channelled his inner naughty schoolboy and looked at the ground instead.
“Not long”, replied Eileen, sticking to her first language. “Long enough to wait 20 minutes for a really shitty coffee”.
But then there was the issue of safety. The motoring world was not renowned for being a socially progressive community, and they needed to keep themselves safe. How far does a man go? Where does he draw the line between being true to himself and being sensible? Between physical safety and emotional safety? Between showing the world that love takes many forms, and picking his battles? It was not a debate easily settled but there was something about the way the old man spoke up that made Dean lean towards a leap of faith.
“Dangerous? Cas. Come on. How many times have we stopped an apocalypse? How many times have we defeated an angel of God, or the Devil himself? Danger doesn’t even come into it…” he paused as if collecting his thoughts and squeezed Cas’ hand.
“Are you saying you’re ok with dudes blowing other dudes? Are you some kind of faggot?”
“I said I could keep my hands off you for one more day.”
Dean laughed as he pointed at Cas and then the car.
Giddy as a schoolgirl again, he released one hand from the angel’s grasp and turned towards the car, pulling Cas along with the other.
He felt like a cartoon character being summoned as he inelegantly clambered up the mound. Surprisingly, Cas didn’t turn around to greet him. He simply repeated “Hello Dean”.
“What?”
Unable to maintain the pretence, Cas relented his teasing. He untangled his hands from the man’s hair and took his hand again. Together, the two of them made their way towards the carpark, and hence to their new home.
“Sorry. I’m not thinking straight. I mean to say we don’t have much time before Sam arrives.”
“Actually its 87 degrees, currently, and expected to rise” came a gravelly voice from the passenger seat.
“Shut up, bitch.” Without his eyes leaving Cas’ face, Dean could read his brother’s expression.
“I lied.”
A woman’s voice piped up from the gathering crowd: “Homosexuality is un-Christian. Everyone knows that”.
“I love you too.”
Emerging for air after a few moments, the two men blushed.
“What do you mean, you have to?”.
“Nice!” Dean replied, momentarily distracted from his red-haired nemesis.
“Look” she spoke again.
Cas rounded towards the source of the voice.
Another millennia passed before Cas broke the kiss. Gasping for breath, he opened his eyes to gaze upon Dean’s kiss-swollen lips.
“Dean, you said something rather profound earlier on”.
“Mornin’” replied the young woman, her eyes dancing over the Impala. “This your car?”
Cas drew his breath in sharply as the kisses increased in vigour. “An angel can hope”. A brief pause in kisses as Dean responded. “So, there’s a bed in this cabin, is there?”
“And then there’s the kitchen counter, and the shower, and a lovely outdoor furniture setting on the deck…”.
The angel’s teasing was cut short by a fierce and passionate kiss which would have floored a lesser man.
“Dean Winchester, I died for you. I defied Heaven, multiple times. I rebuilt you from the depths of Hell, I have healed you, and saved your life more times that you can count. I have stood with you against my father, my brothers, and my sisters, and you ask me if a kiss was worth the wait? Let me tell you this: I would do it all again”. His voice dropped to almost a whisper at the last phrase.
Dean stepped off the porch and the dusty ground felt cool beneath his boots. Looking back at Bobby, he repeated: “A couple of miles that way, you say?”.
This is far from the first time Cas has suggested it. Especially over the last few weeks. Usually Dean dismisses the suggestion out of hand. This time he doesn’t.
“Did anyone ever tell you, you suck at apologies, Sammy?”
“I said where are you? What are you gonna do now? You’re not gonna go and stay with Uncle Sam are you?”
Cain smiles fondly at him. “I’m glad you approve. Tuck in, Dean. I’m sure you worked up an appetite with Benny and Cas.”
Dean still feels like an asshole. He’s been so busy for the past
Cas laughs. “You should have joined us instead of hiding in your room and watching crappy old movies.”
“Thank you,” Mary says. “You won’t regret giving me another chance. I promise.”
Dean roughly dries himself as he follows Cas back to the bedroom, his eyes pretty much stuck on the lazy sway of Cas’ ass the whole way there. He’s spent days in bed with the alphas but somehow he doesn’t feel like he’s had enough opportunity to appreciate how gorgeous they are. Cas has a beautifully tight ass and Dean could spend days pressing kisses into the sinful groove of his hips.
The guy kicks his leg and laughs, looming over him.
Dean knows in his bones that it’s time for him to go. He can feel it. And, as much as he loves Sammy, this time he has to put himself first. However, much it kills him to do it. Especially when Sam looks at him with those puppy dog eyes that he perfected at two years of age.
It takes twenty minutes and another glass of water before Dean manages to move. He’s inordinately grateful to make it to his bathroom without throwing up. Thankfully, a shower and change of clothes help him feel more human.
Dean rolls his eyes and leans back in his chair. “Of course.”
Marv’s face is almost purple. If Dean was a nicer person, he’d be concerned about the man’s health.
“Bela,” the alpha says. “Bela Talbot. I hear you’re a virgin, Dean, is that true?”
“Hey, man,” Dean hops quickly off the bike and approaches the photographer.
“You’re not serious,” Sam growls.
“Hey, Ellen,” he says. “Seriously, this is going to end in disaster, right? I mean, you know what they want. Me and them? That shit isn’t normal, is it?”
Ain’t that the truth, Dean thinks. He has no idea who this woman is. And what’s worse, he doesn’t think he wants to know.
“Yes, Meg and I were rather flexible with our sex lives back then. Even when we were first married we partook in the occasional orgy. Well, right up until Jimmy disappeared and Claire became my responsibility. That rather curtailed our opportunities to invite more partners into our bed.”
“Benny invited me.” Dean keeps his voice level. He doesn’t want to start a fight and he has a bad feeling that’s precisely what Gordon is angling for.
Dean interrupts again. “Weeks?
Now it’s over, he suddenly feels… empty. Hollowed out. Strangely bereft. Maybe it’s just that his hormones are all over the place. His mood sinking now the rush of his heat is over. Maybe it’s not.
Dean kind of wants to know just how much of the conversation Cas heard, but he also figures he’ll probably want the floor to open up and swallow him if he knows the answer.
Sam’s too busy geeking it up at Stanford to care about anything other than the fact that Dean is happy and safe, and not about to disappear out of his life forever. Of course, the dweeb has mailed Dean a whole heap of information about the history of alphas and omegas living in packs. And explained expansively how perfectly natural it all is. And of course, how it happens ALL the time in California. And people are so open here, Dean, and you’d love it, Dean and maybe you should think about moving out here someday, Dean.
“If Mr. Novak were here then this wouldn’t be a problem, would it?”
He shakes off his cast-mates concerns, apologizes to Idris for the water that dripped into his lap and makes a lame joke to the fans about audience participation as everyone settles back down. The rest of the panel passes in a blur, and ends in another movie clip that leaves the fans cheering.
“Dean!”
“I’m not spoiling for a fight, Dean. I returned to discover that you had left home without security in the middle of the night, and no one had heard from you since. My people had to confirm your whereabouts with the studio, for Christ’s sake. You know better than this.”
“Hmm,” Dean pretends to consider. “Add in a squeeze of toothpaste and they just might.”
Dean elbows Cas in the ribs, but his smile is in no danger of fading. “Hey, don’t be asking my kid brother for my hand in marriage, asshole.”
“An accident?” Dean repeats dryly.
want him? Benny and Cain and Cas? That makes no sense. And then what Abaddon said last night comes back to him and he yanks his hand out of Benny’s hold, jumps up, and backs away from the table. “You want me to be your pet? Like a… a sex toy or something?”
Dean is distracted so it takes a moment for him to notice the smoke rising from the pan on the stove and the unpleasant aroma of scorched eggs. “Jesus, Cas,” he says, bustling forward, hip-checking Cas out of the way and lifting the pan off the heat. “I thought we agreed that you wouldn’t use the stove unsupervised anymore.”
“This isn’t a movie, Dean.” Cas cuts him off sharply. “This is real life. I saw it with my own eyes. God, I can still smell the smoke on my clothes. He’s dead. Even a cockroach like Alastair wouldn’t be able to survive that inferno.”
“He’s
Sam stops dead, almost yanking Dean’s arm out of its socket. “Do you think so, Dean? Do you think it’s my fault?”
“Perhaps not. Try me anyway.”
The house hadn’t been in the best condition, to say the least, when they bought it. The state of disrepair was the only reason they could afford a four bedroomed property right on the beach. There had been a list of jobs as long as Dean’s arm that needed to be done to the place, but Dean was no slouch when it came to fixing things up and it turned out that as well as being a bona fide artist, and certified yoga teacher, Cas, the freaking overachiever, was also a competent carpenter, so between them they handled most tasks perfectly well on their own. Separately.
“Well,” Sam says. “Elle has fallen asleep. So, we figured we’d head out. Give you guys some alone time?”
Dean sighs, and drops his head down onto the table with a solid-sounding thud. “I hate parties.”
Ellen looks like she might want to shake him, but settles instead for rolling her eyes and putting her hands on her hips. “And who’s to say what’s normal? You? Me?”
“It’s not nothing.” Cas glowers. “Why are you not taking this seriously?”
Her calm tone of voice isn’t placating Dean in the slightest. In fact, if anything it’s having the opposite effect. “You loved us so you left? That’s bullshit. I mean, what did you think was going to happen? How did you see this panning out for us, huh? I mean did you even think about what would happen to
Thinking that’s a dismissal, Dean moves to stand up.
Benny doesn’t seem to mind his oversharing though. He just smiles at Dean like he’s kind of cute. Or maybe kind of simple.
“Mm, feisty, I like it,” the woman says, crowding in against Dean. Dean backs away until the wall is behind him and he can’t get any further.
“Oh,” Benny says again, scratching at his beard, and looking supremely uncomfortable.
Cas sticks his hands in his pockets, shoulders drooping disconsolately.
“It’s fine,” Dean says, massaging the back of his neck. “I mean, it’s not fine, but I understand why you thought I couldn’t deal with this shit. It’s not like I’ve been the king of good life choices lately.”
Cas growls at the “little” part of Dean’s statement, but Ellen grabs hold of Dean’s arm and drags him away before he can retaliate in any way.
Okay, Dean apparently still isn’t over that. Good to know. He scrubs his hand across his face. He’s tired. Not just stayed-up-all-night-and-watched-the-sunrise tired, but bone-deep-want-to-sleep-forever tired. He does not have the energy to talk about his feelings right now. Suppression is a healthy coping method too, right? It’s worked for him for years.
Dean rolls his eyes, but refuses to get in another fight over a damn dating app he doesn’t want.
“You’re a dick,” Dean huffs, cheeks heating up as he looks around and tries to inconspicuously adjust himself in his pants.
“Relax, Dean. No-one is forcing you to clean up after me.”
Dean laughs at that, bitter and cold. “Seriously? Everyone leaves, Cas. Sooner or later. My mom. My dad. Sam did. Even you when you have something better to do with your time than deal with me. Maybe it’s time I did some walking out of my own.”
