“Back at ya, amazing fella.” Tony said, grabbing more bacon. “Technically though I’m ‘sharing art I already owned with the public in your honor’ for Valentine’s day; it’s basically the billionaire equivalent of a really nice hand-me-down sweater.”
—the rarity of someone truly possessing those characteristics, day in day out, not as an allegorical figure, but as a flawed, breakable, beautiful human being, constantly striving to be his very best.
The guitar switched to “O Little Town of Bethlehem” and out the window the city lights looked like thousands upon thousands more little white Christmas lights.
“Not bad,” Clint said, standing and offering Tony a hand. Tony glared at it and glanced over at the clock. 4:45. (Would Steve have read his contract by now? Probably, right? I mean, you didn’t just leave something like that sitting in your inbox, right?)
“So serious, pudding pie.  No Tones?  No pet names?  No insults?  Hey, you okay?”  Tony  climbed out from under the bench and looked up at the display panel.  Rhodey had a black eye, a split lip, and a neat row of stitches at his temple.  Tony felt a cold wash of dread run through him.  “Shit.”
“I was wondering,” Bruce said. “After dinner, would you mind looking at the compound I’ve been working on? I think if we could find a way to combine it with your poly-aramid—or maybe use it as a part of the stuffing, like a quilt?—it would give us at least a 22% tensile bump.”
Unless the pretentious menus were too much of a distraction—who wanted potato to be a “foam” anyway? Idiotic ‘swells,’ that’s who.
Twice Tony made a vague attempt to pull away, but Mrs. Rhodes would have none of it; hugs were over when she said they were. (It felt good to be held.) Finally, she let her arms drop and Tony pulled back to say, “Come on in! Make yourself at home!” and give Rhodey an awkward half-hug around the cooking box.
“That’s the spirit,” the Captain said encouragingly, then looked at the ceiling.  “Excuse me, JARVIS?  Could you project the chart I’ve been working on please?”
Natasha nodded, not quite smiling.  “Yeah.  It’s exactly what I wanted.” Pause. “Cap helped me run training with it.”
A quick snack, then a real bed.  No, a shower then a real bed.  No, no, bed then shower.  But food first.  Food.  Tony rubbed his neck and stumbled a little bit on the way into the kitchen.  He blinked.
And without any looks or fuss or remarks about Steve and Tony, all cuddled up on the couch, the rest of the team gathered the dishes, started the dishwasher, and bade each other quiet good nights.
Tony wished he had something more to say. Something hopeful. (How had their date turned so sad? Was this what Steve talked about in therapy?)
“Jesus, Tony,” he said into Tony’s messy hair, his voice wrecked.  “I really thought I was going to watch you die right in front of me.”
on your first date and make it sound like . . . like you assume there will be tons of dates, and this is a
Tony tossed his screwdriver aside with a clatter and hopped up to greet her properly.  He tucked himself against her, folding under her arms with his face against her collarbone.  (So fucking tall.)  He wrapped his arms around her slender waist and squeezed tight.
Tony hissed and plucked her hand from his arm by the sleeve. She looked surprised and leaned back a little.
Bruce cut in, defusing the situation, “Director, we finished work on the mini-spectrometer.  Unless the force field reappears, I really don’t see what either of us can do at SHEILD to be of further assistance.”
“No, really, we order Chinese food pretty often,” Tony said. “We can do something more traditional.”
“Oui, mon capitane!” Tony said, saluting Maryanne Rhodes and grabbing the potato Steve had just peeled. Pepper was humming along to The Beatles:
“Mmmm,” Tony murmured.  He pulled back and Steve let his eyelids flutter open.  Tony was staring at him, brown eyes half-lidded, pupils blown with arousal, but still intent, studying Steve carefully.  Steve stared back, in love with every line of Tony’s face: the specks of grey in his goatee, the first hints of crowfeet, the flecks of gold in the brown of his eyes, the tiny scar at his temple, faded over the decades.  (
Tony sighed. (Yeah, okay. His press had been too good to last. Something about The Pierre after all?)
“I’m sure we can be trusted to read them on our own,” Tony said. Bruce shot Tony a conspiratorial smile and picked up the pile of folders.
Tony glanced around the restaurant.  (Nobody can hear us, right?  Right.  One upside of Marseilles—the tables are miles apart.)
“—just wouldn’t want him to feel alone, you know? And mom’s always happy to have one more—or five, or six—and she likes Steve.”
“So,” Tony said with sudden inspiration, “it seems like you like this kitchen better than yours, but you know if you want anything remodeled down there, just say the word and I’ll fix it up.”
Tony honestly didn't think about Jason Hanson very often these days, that handsome, arrogant, sack of shit.  For a trial that dragged on for weeks, the actual events had taken mere moments.  The intricate rope bondage had been secure and felt great, but then he'd hit Tony-- hit him with a force far beyond the 'light slapping' Tony had okayed in their negotiations on the way home from the bar.  Tony'd “yellowed.”  Hanson hadn't stopped; he’d started hitting Tony as hard as he could.  Tony'd safeworded and struggled to get free.  Hanson hadn't stopped.  Tony safeworded again.
Steve nodded and lowered the notebook. It was a sketch of Bruce and Tony playing chess. Bruce was just a series of loosely connected circles and crosses, the board and background a placeholder of dim lines. But Tony was drawn with vibrant detail: there was a hint of a smile at the corner of his lips, but a furrow in his brow. His eyes were bright, lashes long and dark. Even his hand, reaching out to take a pawn, was well defined and delicately rendered. (Were his wrists really that dainty?) Tony noticed with a rush of warmth that Steve had drawn him with his sleeves rolled up just enough to hint at the rope marks he now wore.
“So, what, you turned a blind eye?” Cap asked, belligerent again but not bellowing with the rage he’d leveled at Clint.  (Hardly seems fair, but whatever.)
His cheek was pillowed on Steve’s massive chest, which rose and fell in the deep steady rhythm of sleep. Steve’s arm was a solid weight across the small of his back. Someone—maybe Bruce?—had covered them with a blanket and let them stay on the couch. They’d sprawled sideways in the night and one of Tony’s legs was curled around Steve’s. It should have been uncomfortable.
They spent the next few minutes absorbed in the menu, discussing the merits of various items and what they might share. Tony expected to translate the Italian culinary terms, but Steve seemed quite at ease.
“Seems to be going okay. Well, I hope so at least. Mrs. Rhodes has been very helpful.” Steve frowned as he opened the oven. “The skin still isn’t done crisping though.”
“It’s entirely Mr. Stark’s prerogative to decide how people address him,” he said firmly to Clint, “and I don’t want to hear another word about it.” Then he turned back to Tony, asking, “Now then, would you like an omelet?”
“Uh-huh, man,” Clint said, approaching the bag next to him. “Just checking. I really don't wanna end up as collateral damage.”
“That’s the only line of Walt Whitman you know, isn’t it?” Steve asked, examining Tony’s shirts. Then he added as an afterthought.  “And, you know the Captain in that poem is President Lincoln and he’s just been assassinated, right?”
“Steve.  Tony,”  Jake asked with his deep voice.  He was wearing a red and black plaid shirt.  (No wonder Steve liked him!)  “What can I get you?”
Of course it’s—”  Tony’s mouth was twitching up at the corners.  “Oh.  I see.  Ha ha.”  Steve rolled his eyes and gave Tony a little punch.
On screen, Michael nodded. “We’ll tailor everything in more detail once we’ve heard from the whole team, but our preliminary recommendation is to begin with a strictly professional tone and set that as the baseline: keep everything very explicitly about your training, your complementary professional backgrounds, the operations of the team. Nothing personal in the official press releases. In interviews, talk about one another as coworkers, give as few personal details as possible.”
Tony shot another repulsor beam off Cap’s shield, stunning three spiders at once. A set of agents moved in for the kill.
Clint dropped his gaze to the newspaper again with a frown and forced another bite of frittata down his throat.
With a moan, Steve pressed his mouth to Tony’s neck--just above his collarbone--nipping and sucking a bruise to life on Tony’s delicate skin. The bites sent pinpricks of heat shivering down Tony’s spine. He trembled in Steve’s arms.
“Good.” Tony fiddled with the screwdriver he’d been holding. “So, what brings you to my workshop? Something I can do for you?”
Tony searched for a witticism in reply, but he couldn’t find one so he just said, “I don’t mind helping.”
Her voice was low, intimate, almost a caress. Steve’s heart began to race as she continued: “He likes control. Intricate patterns of rope twined around the body. Leather cuffs. Chains. And he likes to inflict pain and make it show. Bruises. Scratches. Sometimes welts.”
“Okay, JARVIS,” Toy said around a bite of chow mein, “send that over to Leo in manufacturing. Bump it to the top. Priority One, ASAP Code thingie.”
“Best of the lot from what I’ve seen.” She raised an eyebrow.  Steve paused and gave a little shrug.  “Uh, not sure how valuable my opinion on this stuff is as an outsider, but she’s got all the technical skills in her favor, it’s there in the report, and--” Steve hesitated, “if you don’t mind my saying, I think she’s got a real command presence and raw instincts.  And that can’t be taught.  If  you put her in charge of a squad on the next rotation, I wouldn’t think it was too soon.  I think she’d handle it really well.  I’m not sure any of the others are command ready.”
They held each other quietly for a few long moments before Tony stirred.  Steve wanted to protest when he moved, thinking Tony wanted to put distance between them, but really he was just shifting up the bed, rearranging them so that Steve was cradled in his arms.  (Huh.)
Tony’s tongue swiped across his bottom lip; Steve opened his mouth a little and Tony let out another pleased noise as he deepened the kiss. It made Steve’s head swim. (Hot, slick, good, good . . . but gentle, soft . . . )
"I—" Steve swallowed harshly. "Yes, I—" He licked his lips and whispered: "I think about it. But not. Not like this. I--" There wasn't enough air, his heart was beating too fast and-- "I don't want to hurt you," Steve finished softly.
“Yeah, so the rec room and stuff is right above your floor, and the gym is four floors down, below Bruce’s place.”
(No. Stop worrying about nothing, stupid.) Tony drained his coffee. (Steve hadn’t said anything disapproving about sex last night, right? Right.)
Colonel Rhodes, who (thank God!) had been looking a little startled himself, smiled back and shook Steve’s hand.
“Yeah. Natasha’s wrist is almost back to normal, but Clint’s ankle still gives him a little trouble. Better safe than sorry. They should be cleared for active duty soon though.”
Tony got up and sauntered to the kitchen. (How he’d made it this long without coffee was a mystery.)
But there was something that’d been buzzing urgently at the back of Tony’s mind. Something Tony’d been putting off— worried he’d mess up, that he’d do more harm than good, that he’d damage their new friendship—but it was important enough he had to try. (Because who else was gonna say it?)
Tony shook his head. “Jesus, Pep, I’m not asking you to lock yourself in a bunker! Just wear body armor to those shitty conventions and conferences when you do big presentations. Seriously, I can think of about two-thousand ways to smuggle a gun past their shit security.”
Steve looked surprised and perhaps a hint uneasy? (Huh? Oh.) Tony caressed Steve’s back and clarified in a more playful tone, “Open invitation—with or without ‘boot knocking.’”
“Fine.  No battles or new appearances by that thing that’s top secret and you know nothing about.”  Tony shrugged.  “How are you?”
Fuck. Tony’d known that Fury thought he had a good carrot in his back pocket, but this? Tony’d been certain his spot on the Avengers went out the door for good when he had palladium poisoning.  (Well shit.)  He bit his lip.
Trying to mimic the natural rustlings of someone asleep, Tony rolled slightly further on top of Steve and worked his right arm closer and closer to the coffee table. Whenever Steve stirred or murmured in his sleep, Tony went still. Inch by inch Tony was getting nearer his goal.
Thank you all for the kudos and kind words.  They mean the world to me, especially in this trying time.  You are so lovely and supportive.  Thank you.  And as always, hope you liked it!  :-)
“Okaaaay,” Rhodey said, syllables drawn out. “So you wanna tell me why I had Captain America on the phone wanting to know if you’re okay and asking me to check on you?”
“Pep? Pep?” Tony mumbled, fumbling out for her. He left a dark smear of blood across her jacket; she didn’t seem to notice.
“Thanks, Tony,” Steve said, running a hand over the blanket. Tony turned back to Bruce’s variations on Hypothetical 72.
“Not that I own any less than awesome cars, but the Audi is even more awesome than the Rolls Royce!”
“Babe, look at me,” Tony said.   With a distant sort of surprise, Steve realized he found it hard to obey—to lift his eyes-- but was glad when he did.  Tony was giving him that soft little smile again.
“Well, there you go.” Tony toyed with his wrench. “Besides, it wasn’t a big Christmas thing. Mostly Steve was taking presents to an orphanage and volunteering and stuff.”
Tony looked up at the familiar sound of Steve’s voice and took in the sight before him: Steve in nice slacks and a polo shirt, looking a little nervous or maybe sad. Tony felt a sweep of panic.
hungover. Just, post-tipsy.) Steve was reading the newspaper—smelly newsprint and all—while Bruce read The Economist and sipped his green tea.
“If you don’t want to go, you have my support,” she told him.  “Really, the firefighters have plenty of important guests already.  So, just, it’s whatever you want.”
“So,” Tony said, bumping his hip playfully against hers. She swatted him away with a little shooing noise that made Tony grin. He leaned back against the kitchen counter. “You don’t seem especially overwhelmed to be cooking Thanksgiving dinner alongside Captain America. Not impressed to meet a living legend?”
“Hey!  I wore the stupid helmet, didn’t I?  And how can you be giving me a hard time about helmets, Mr. First-Rides-in-the-21st-Century-with-NO-HELMET-AT-ALL!?”
Tony walked out of the armor, glad the landing pad in Malibu was still up and running. It wasn’t the same, showing up in a workshop without the bots to greet him, but there were pentalobe screwdrivers, soldering irons, and take one of the new e-ink display. Those were good company. And he’d see Pepper soon too. It would be good.
“It doesn’t make any sense!” Tony muttered, then shook himself.  “Maybe with more accurate readings . . .”
“Shhh,” Tony said.  “None of that.  Come on—lift up off the mattress, here.”  Tony pulled Steve’s hips up and soon Steve was rearranged as Tony wanted: his ass in the air, his legs spread, and his cock and balls hanging heavily, while his torso was still down, pressed against the bed. Tony sat up beside him, one hand stroking and soothing Steve’s arched back, the other between his legs, teasing his cock then skating lightly across his hole.
As they watched, Tony grabbed bites of beef & broccoli off of Steve’s plate and fed him a few choice tidbits from his own now and then. By the end of the episode, they’d finished their beers, discarded their plates, and cuddled close. Tony was nestled against Steve’s side, head on his chest, with Steve’s arm around him, fingers absently stroking his hip.
Steve squirmed.  “Well, uh, a while ago, I found some, um, videos.”  Steve blushed.  “Some of them were, uh,
“—just know, I’ll be having a dozen lawyers look at it before signing.”  Tony tried to give the room a dismissive look.  “Great chat, guys.”  He put his sunglasses back on.  “Bruce?  Shall we?”  He turned to look at Fury over the rims.  “Unless you object, of course.”
“Anyway, uh, would you just open this?” Steve handed the box to Tony. “It’s really nothing like you’re thinking. It isn’t
Tony took a moment to catch his breath again.  He swallowed.  “Yeah, but just so we’re clear, I’d rather hear you telling me to ‘use the force’ than put ‘phasers on stun’ because as we know
,if he's going to try and keep Tony in the closet, which will never work long-term! When I got Tony's text asking me to keep everything between them on the 'dl,' I wanted to march right over here and-- I don't even know!”
Inside, there was a cheap plastic photo frame—the kind designed for collages and that always came with a generic sample page full of weddings, and children, and anniversaries. This frame was filled with photos taken at the Tower: Pepper and Tony lounging on the couch at Thanksgiving; Rhodey and Tony laughing and peeling potatoes; Mrs. Rhodes and Steve examining the turkey; Natasha knitting on the couch next to Bruce reading a book; Bruce and Tony looking at schematics at the kitchen counter; Steve and Tony smiling and hanging Christmas tree ornaments side by side. There was even a little picture of Dummy in his Santa’s hat.
With a brain like Tony’s, mere physical stature wouldn’t matter, especially in a rapidly evolving modern society.  Tony’d be able to project his dominance no matter what.  It didn’t matter that Howard’s son was small.  He’d be a good Dom anyway.
Rebecca set her coffee down and laid both hands on Tony’s shoulders, then reached up to caress his cheek. “You call me immediately if you start to feel low or have any drop, all right?”
Pepper was already seated, looking stunning in a sharp blue suit.  (Vera Wang?)  Tony checked his watch as he approached.
AND that it’s about something you called to tell her first.” Rhodey shook his head with clear disapproval.
Tony kicked off his boots to settle on the couch and, after a moment’s deliberation, slid under the duvet next to Steve.
Tony paid for the team—assuring them it came from the Team Budget—and they started bundling into their winter clothes while Francis brought the car around. Steve sidled over to Tony with that shy little smile of his and said very quietly, “Uh, Tony?”
“Sorry, sorry!” Tony called as he stepped into the kitchen the next morning. “Coffee then we go—not gonna make us late. Or you go first and I’ll catch up in the suit? Sorry—overslept. Was working late.”
“You’re so good for me like this,” Steve mumbled into Tony’s neck. Then he leaned back to fix his earnest gaze on Tony’s face. “Thank you. Thank you for giving yourself to me. For letting me have you like this.”
“Come here,” Tony said, holding his arms open.  Steve climbed to his feet and stepped into Tony’s embrace, accepting Tony’s warm kisses with pleasure.  Tony tasted sweet, something rich and heady on his tongue.  Steve pressed closer.  Tony’s kisses turned rough and demanding, and his fingers dug hard into Steve’s neck and ass.  Tony pulled and Steve felt his cheeks parting under his clothes.  He gasped into Tony’s mouth, hands fisting helplessly in Tony’s sweater, wanting more, harder, deeper.
cold out. Hey, what’s the worst that could happen? Maybe I’d fall asleep for another seventy years.” He said it bitterly.
“This and that,” Cap answered, making no move for the book, showing no sign he might share it with Tony. Rogers shrugged. “The city . . . people.”
Steve took a sharp breath and pulled back so he could see Tony’s face, putting distance between them.
Tony nodded, then added, “Hey, uh, bring me donuts? There’s that bakery by Ray’s. Just a few blocks.”
Bruce had his hands wrapped around a steaming cup of smelly tea, still huddled deep in his giant plaid bathrobe. Clint had made the rest of them hot chocolate with way too many marshmallows.
“Smells good,” Tony said, sauntering over.  “What did you—“  He stared at the bowl.  “Chicken Parmesan?”
Part of Steve wanted to look at Tony’s expression and try to read his response, but another equally powerful part wanted to blush and tuck his face into the crook of Tony’s arm.  Steve didn’t move.  Tony laid his hand on Steve’s cheek and ran his thumb across Steve’s cheekbone.
Rogers opened his mouth, clearly intending to protest-- Tony was half looking forward to it, his heart pounding-- but then Rogers just took a deep breath and said in an even tone: “All right, Mr. Stark.  I didn’t mean to offend you.”
“Lift incoming,” Tony said, swooping low. Cap jumped again and Tony caught the shield, then sped after the swiftly escaping spiders. The HUD picked up nearby electronic signals—cameras, cell phones—but he couldn’t lose his focus. Bystanders were distractions; the best way to keep them safe was to go after the spiders.
“Good,” Steve said, a little falteringly.  “I just-- I’m honored that you knelt for me tonight.  In front of the team.  But you really didn’t have to.”
“This place looks amazing,” Tony said. (And actually meant it. Seriously--there was an elderly couple speaking Italian at the next table!) “So, how did you pick it?”
“Definitely!” Tony said enthusiastically as Bruce put another sheet in the oven. “I need to tap out—time to make my calls. Oh, and don’t set them on fire. Bruce doesn’t like that.”
and had been working on the incomplete Bob readings ever since.  Without any help from Bruce, he might add.
As he came back into the main hold, Steve misjudged the distance a little and they ended up nearly chest-to-chest. Tony swallowed and tightened his grasp on Steve’s waist before Steve could step back.
And he’d known since the first time Tony kissed him, maybe even before then, that Tony loved him, but hearing Tony say the words gave Steve an unexpected thrill.  He’d already figured that Tony found the words hard to say—or perhaps, thought talk was cheap—and Steve hadn’t really been expecting to hear them like this.  (I know you love me!  You don’t have to say it if it’s hard . . . but, I do like it . . .)  Steve smiled and gave Tony a little squeeze.
“Good,” the Captain said.  “In the event of an incident, getting Hawkeye into a position above the battlefield will be crucial.  We should practice aerial lifts.”
Thank you so much for your patience!  I hoped to finish the entire Thanksgiving section for today, but couldn't quite make it.  So there will be a second chapter dedicated to Thanksgiving.  Not sure this came together as I'd been hoping, but really want to post today.
—Tony used the facilities and splashed water on his face. His heart was beating a little too fast and it felt too warm; he unbuttoned his shirt a little more and, yep, there it was: a bright flush, the sub’s blush. (Fuck!) Tony swallowed. (Goddamn hyper-vasodilation.)
If you haven't seen it already, you might want to go back and read "Missing the Mark," an outtake story about Steve and Clint's conversation in the elevator.  :)  Read it here: http://archiveofourown.org/works/5213537
Bruce paused.  “Okay.  Maybe not.  But I think we’ve gotten all we’re going to get from this particular exercise.”
“Mmm-hmm,” Tony murmured and made grabby hands for her mug. She ruffled his hair and handed her coffee over with an indulgent smile.
“What?!”  Steve’s mouth dropped and he looked at Tony in shock for a second, then clamped his jaw shut.
“Look,” Pepper said, “apparently I’m behind on developments at the Tower—and don’t you dare think you’re getting away without spilling details!—but what I just heard is that you like Steve. And you want to go on a date with him.”
“Tony,” Steve said, his brow creased. He paused and licked his lips. “You are—“ he swallowed, “—you’re very dear to me. You know that, don’t you?”
Steve’s voice sounded raw. Tony held him close and whispered, “Yeah, it is.”  He ran his fingers through Steve’s hair.
With a lingering kiss, Steve took his leave. As soon as he was gone, Tony called out: “Ok, Jarvis! Let’s check a few more of the auctions on Sotheby’s.”
ALSO! Nonymos wrote the most beautiful story set in an AU of the P&P AU about D/D Steve/Bucky.  WONDERFUL!  You can read it here:  http://archiveofourown.org/works/4508121
Tony blinked.  (That was fast.)  He checked the time, then shook his head; he didn’t even have to decide whether to make up an excuse or not.
like that. After last time, I thought ‘if I get another chance, maybe I’ll sub with Tony instead of topping,’ but now I see you and--” She shrugged and walked over to run her fingers through Tony’s hair.
The Captain nods. “I have a new friend who works as a counselor at the VA. He told me they’re always short of funding. The waitlist to see a counselor is so long we’re losing people.” Rogers sets his glass of water down too hard; he winces at the loud clatter. His hands curl into fists at his sides. “We have men and women who have served their country in battle, made it safely home, and lost their lives to suicide because they couldn’t see a doctor when they needed one like I did. That’s unacceptable. We wouldn’t leave a soldier in the field bleeding out if we could save them, but we’re letting them bleed out invisibly at home. Our veterans deserve better.”
Tony went lax; he nearly wept with gratitude and relief as Steve drew back and fumbled for the lube.
Natasha nodded, got out another mug, and sat near him at the counter in silence. Clint and Thor would ask him directly what was wrong; Bruce would offer to listen if he wanted to talk; Tony would crack a joke about being terrible with feelings. Natasha's patient silence was all the invitation she'd give, but somehow it was always enough. Steve poured boiling water into the teapot and took a seat next to her.
Next he searched: white stargazer lilies flower language. (Probably something submissive or innocence or purity or--)
The lady smiling up at him was in her sixties, barely five feet tall and hardly  a hundred pounds, her long graying hair pulled back in a loose bun.
Tony clutched at him, fingernails digging into the back of Steve’s neck.  (Oh!)  Steve gasped and came, shuddering and jerking against Tony’s lean body.  (Oh, God.  Tony . . .) He shivered.
Of course, while fighting spiders, Tony was also reviewing data Bruce sent him. It looked like Hypothetical 79 was probably their baby.
Tony tossed back a double espresso and stumbled into some clothes.  (Seriously?  Why didn’t I say noon? Ugh.) His hair was a mess, but at least his clothes were clean.  (Wait.  This
“It seems like we can trust him, don’t you think?” Tony said nothing, but Bruce went on unencouraged. “It’s weird to meet your childhood hero and find he
Steve stroked his back; his hands were warm against Tony’s skin and Tony realized it wasn’t at all cool in his room like usual.  He wondered distantly if JARVIS had taken the initiative or if Steve had asked him to raise the temperature. (It seemed like something Steve would remember.)
Tony swallowed. For a moment, he was on the verge of explaining that this was the most politic thing to say since otherwise half the audience would be pissed at Tony for making a big deal out of chivalrous nothing, and the other half (okay, 10%) would be pissed at Steve for not already knowing things nobody had taught him yet and all of it would just undermine the reality that—
And Tony would need at least thirty minutes to program the reversion device to auto-adjust and self-detonate. Actually, he’d probably need more like an hour to be sure. Even then there was only one way to make sure the device would work (if it could work at all).
“Suck,” Steve ordered, pushing two fingers into Tony’s mouth.  Tony obeyed eagerly, desperately, like sucking on Steve was the only thing that could relieve this ache.  He was half ready to beg for Steve’s dick, wanting it to choke him, hard and thick down his throat, when Steve pulled his fingers away.
(Might as well do this right . . . ) Steve stripped off his clothes quickly and efficiently and knelt on the floor again. (And I guess I’ve really adjusted to life in the Tower if talking to JARVIS and then doing
When Steve came back from his meeting at SHEILD that afternoon, there was a brown paper bag on his drawing desk.  Tony had written a card, in thick lines of terrible penmanship: “For you, baby.  Feel free to skim or skip the technique sections, but read the bookmarked parts carefully for me, ok?”  Tony hadn’t bothered to sign it, but he really didn’t need to. Steve smiled.
“Nope! I’ve got an empty bedroom just for you,” Tony promised. “Come on! Nice fresh air at the ranch would do you good—get you away from LA.”
“Pfft,” Pep let out a dismissive sound.  She stroked a hand through his hair.  “You do plenty.  So, tell me—how’s training going so far?”
“Now’s good,” Tony said, setting his fork down abruptly. “Just lost my appetite.” And he hated to ask, but they kept moving things around and none of the hallways were marked, so: “Where is it now?”
Tony’d hastily tidied his bedroom before their date, so there was nothing for him to do.  Nothing except kneel and wait for Steve, like Steve had asked. (It hadn’t been an order, not quite.) Tony kicked off his boots and socks and sank gently to his knees beside the bed, then wondered if he should present himself naked.  It was the sort of thing lots of Doms would expect, but with Steve he decided it felt presumptuous.  He said “kneel” not “strip and kneel”—if Steve wanted him naked, he’d have said so.  Besides, just because Steve had gone to get “a few things” and was going to spend the night didn’t necessarily mean sex and nudity were on the table.  Though it probably did. Maybe. Probably. Right?
, the dork) with an uncertain little glance at Tony, as though Tony might object. (What? He’d said Steve was in charge and he’d meant it.) Tony could practically feel Steve getting nervous again—the way his shoulders bunched up and his eyebrows scrunched together ever so slightly.
want to eat the food I’d cook us, so I order out. No big deal. Just hospitality. But, hey, if you like, next time you can order the
“You can start dicing those potatoes,” Mrs. Rhodes said. She set a cutting board and a kitchen knife down at the empty spot next to Steve. “We’ll be boiling and mashing them in a bit, so just make them into cubes like this.”
Tony let out a long contented sigh and rolled over, half hoping to find Steve curled up—on top of the covers, fully dressed—asleep at his side. His bed was empty, but it left him more eager for the future than disappointed by the present.
“That he’d be perfect.”  Tony said it with a hint of wonder, looking into the fire.  “He was so beautiful, Nat. You’ve no idea. Sharp and soft all at once. Perfect.”
“You don’t need to dress up or anything.  I, uh—“ Steve looked nervous.  “Well, the thing is, I was wondering if you’d mind terribly if we went to Piaci again?”  Steve looked so uncertain and hopeful, his voice rising up into a question at the end.
Steve whirled around, panting. Clint was leaning against the doorway to the gym wearing his weird purple workout gear. Steve swallowed.
Steve poured a fresh mug from the caraffee and settled against the headboard; it was a little awkward to drink coffee curled up against Steve and half reclining, but Tony was happy to manage the awkwardness.
“Oh, he took your advice all right,” Tony said, rolling his eyes. “Wanted to make sure—“ (I wasn’t being harassed by my own Dom, never mind his fucking agents who--)  “—uh, everything was above board.”
Belford looked surprised for a split second, then delighted. He drew his shoulders back. “With pleasure,” he said.
“I know, Cap.” Tony rested his face in his hands for a moment, then rubbed at his forehead. “I know.” He took another sip of coffee. (
“That? You've always had a sharp tongue. Didn't figure that'd change.” Steve shrugged and the water sloshed in the tub. He gave Tony a gentle shove and asked, with a hint of playfulness in his voice, turning up his Brooklyn lilt, “An' whad is this? You think I can't take some damn cussin', Stark? Fuck you. I'm from fuckin' Brooklyn, ya fuckin' asshole.”
(I want to flog you until your skin turns red and you’re twitching and whimpering . . .  I want to spank you across my lap until you’re crying and begging, for mercy or for more, you don’t even know which and—)
Tony was just opening his mouth to say, “Coffee?”—the only word he could come up with—when Natasha materialized at his side offering him a cup with a faint hint of a smile and an upraised eyebrow.
Tony stared at the steaming omelet for a moment.  Methodically, slowly, he began dividing it into bite-sized pieces with his fork.
Steve shrugged. “I’ll see you later, Tony.” Steve was obviously aiming for casual, but falling severely short—he was still avoiding eye-contact.
Steve nodded and Tony said no more.  Steve really wanted to ask about this Jarvis, but didn’t want to spoil the fragile mood and he sensed that Tony was already gathering himself up for an evasion.
Then, Steve stood up with a smile and said briskly, “Now then. It’s 7:30, I made chili, and everybody’s ready for dinner.  Clint’s was complaining how many movie nights we’ve rescheduled and has convinced Thor we should watch
(They were headed home.) He shuddered with anticipation, then frowned. (Shit! He hadn’t given Steve a contract! It had seemed too forward, but--)
“Please, Tony.  Let me touch you,” Steve whispered.  “I want to make you feel good.”  Now Tony’s thumb was stroking that spot, where his jaw met his throat, the spot that drove him crazy.  Steve added roughly, “I’ll be so good for you . . . make it so good.  Please?”
And Tony needed to give Steve a contract—preferably well before their date. (Like, with enough time in advance that Steve could read and digest it and make his own plans . . .) And Bruce wanted Tony to come for lunch and stop by his lab to look at something. And he had training with Clint. And he needed to actually plan a date!
For three days, Bruce didn't leave his room. The rest of the team rehashed old training exercises without him. Clint called him "asshole," instead of "Stark" or "Tony." (At least he did until Steve caught him at it and snapped for him to "Knock it off, goddamn it." After that it was always "Iron Man" in a tone that still meant
“Yes, of course, Iron Man. Let’s find someplace more secure.” Steve turned to the throng, who looked at once disappointed and titillated, “Please excuse me.”
“Her judgment’s been off with you before.” Fury said it softly, almost gently, his brows creased. It threw Tony entirely off kilter.
Tony lost track of time, each heart-pounding minute bleeding into the next. The wail of sirens in the distance; orders and questions barked across the comms, clear and close.
Tony started moving his fingers again, in and out, mumbling soft filthy praise for Steve’s eager little hole, the words and caresses sending little sparks of joy through Steve’s body.  He lost track of time.
He started pacing again. Okay. That wasn’t so bad. And waiting would only make it worse, right? Wasn’t that what Pepper always said?
Two of its tentacles were getting thicker and longer on the bottom, then another two, thinner and longer above, and the fifth curled tight into a circle on top. Tony blinked and felt the unexpected urge to laugh.
Rhodey hesitated, then added softly, “You know Howard isn’t Steve’s fault, right?” Tony rolled his eyes and nodded, making his best, “no, shit” face. Rhodey gave a little shrug and an apologetic look. “Just, he’s a good guy, you know? I like him.”
“I’ve got an update, Jim. The power’s out. The entire grid is down—they think it’s some sort of accident on the power lines. The generator kicked in at the SHIELD base, but the local staging ground doesn’t have one.”
“While Father Gabe talked to mom, he asked Buck to go check on me. He’d hardly said two words to me when I had one of my spells—coughing, and I couldn’t breathe right—and I was real small, and Bucky panicked and thought I was gonna die right then and there in front of him.” Steve rolled his eyes. “I guess Father Gabe’s theory was that since I was about the furthest thing from a threat a kid could be, Buck wouldn’t feel like he had to try and pull rank or keep up the pecking order around me or something.”
“Uh, Steve?” Tony said, “We don't say ‘inverted’ anymore. It’s considered pretty offensive, actually, since it implies there’s a right way to present and Femme Dommes and male subs turned out wrong.”
Steve was a Christmas kind of guy. He was Catholic. He’d been going to mass and lighting the advent wreath for the past, what? Three weeks? Shit--)
“Better add ‘football’ to the list,” Colbert jokes, then adds apologetically, “And I’ve got bad news about the Tigers.”
“Fine.  We’re doing great.  Spectrometer’s coming along—it’ll be ready soon for if the creepy force field comes back.”  Tony finished off his coffee and was eyeing Bruce’s.  He grimaced. “We really should have a better name for that thing.”
The aliens were coming through in alternating batches of five and ten every two minutes, but the gaps between waves were getting shorter. There were . . .
“Nope.  Just wanted to make another little change to celebrate,” Sasha said.  “Sasha’s the Russian diminutive for Alexander after all.”
“Look, Bruce,” Tony said, after thirty-four minutes of reviewing the compound specs. “I realize the irony of
is the pinnacle of cinematic achievement!”  Tony shook his head then added with a grimace, “But not the new
(And actions spoke louder than words, so maybe Steve didn’t have anything to say, but he’d been thinking about what to
Steve checked his phone and shook his head.  "Clint and Natasha have finished their survey of the perimeter in New Jersey.  Nothing.  They're back at SHIELD now."
“Oh. Uh, no.  Can’t,” Tony said, refusing to blush at being caught out. “Steve’s taking me out for dinner.”
Visibly confused, she bent and placed the folder on the floor. Tony scooped it up, and scanned over the familiar “we will destroy you if anything happens to War Machine while its in your care even though it was your suit to begin with and really we have no right to ask you for anything” form. (Can't sign
Steve swallowed a lump in his throat.  It took him a moment to force words out: “That . . . that sounds perfect.”
Around them, the other avengers were laughing, munching on popcorn, and enjoying themselves.  Nobody stared at Steve and Tony.  In fact, nobody except Bruce seemed to notice them at all, and Bruce just smiled at Steve then looked down at Tony with such obvious fondness that Steve felt a warm rush of affection for the other scientist.  (You love him too.  You’re such a good friend to him.  To us.)
"The Stark's Prince Anthony is an alpha, as yet unwed so there's no risk we offend his spouse by sending you," Phillips went on, then added awkwardly, "Uh…. he's rumored to be quite handsome."
“No.  Proprietary stuff.  I don’t know how to make it affordable on the mass market.  Plus, it’s good PR to have technology on display at HQ nobody understands.”
Steve’s eyes went wide, then he looked down and mumbled, “Don’t be ridiculous, Clint,” while Tony just rolled his eyes again and said, “I’ve been in the lab.  Bla bla Stark Industries bla bla.”
Rogers stared at him blankly, still holding the door.  A few agents paused, looking at them curiously.
“Hey, Steve?  Babe, you didn’t tell me where we’re going, so I don’t—“ Tony wandered into the living room.  He was freshly showered, wearing a tank top and slacks, and he had three shirts, two jackets and a tie laid over his arm.  He took in the sight of the Avengers sitting seriously on the long couch.  Tony took a step back.  “Uh. Sorry.”  He glanced at Steve, then looked worried and said softly,  “Thought you’d be done.  Wish you’d let me, ah—” Tony cut himself off uneasily.
Tony squinted at the triple reinforced seams of Natasha’s uniform, making sure nothing was out of place.
(And, if anybody has a few extra dollars for charitable giving that haven't been allocated yet this holiday season, sub!Tony would like to suggest an RL version of the Submissives' Rights & Protection Organization, someplace that helps to stop gender discrimination and violence...  V-day, for example, does some really amazing work: http://www.vday.org/home.  He just, you know, wanted to bring it to your attention, with his usual modesty and charm... *blushes*)
“Exactly.” Tony frowned for a second then added, “And, of course, we’re expecting a certain amount of blowback, so anything you can do . . .”
“Please,” Bruce interrupted, hand outstretched.  “Let me.  I’m sorry.  Just—“  Bruce fumbled and gave Tony a strained smile.  “It’s a lot to live up to.  But it means a lot to me, that you trust me.  I, uh.  Thank you.”
“Yeah. Sounds good.” Tony picked up a wrench. “But you should take her out. Give me a full report—I wanna know how she rides.”
Steve smiled. He finished stripping his lover, and helped him into the tub. Steve hesitated for a moment, before shucking his own clothes and climbing in beside Tony, who was already fumbling around for the soap. Steve laid a light hand on Tony's shoulder. “Would you let me--?” Steve reached out for the soap.
There didn’t seem to be any pattern correlating weather patterns and portal-like disturbances.  It was driving Tony crazy.  Almost as crazy as waiting to talk to Steve.  (What the hell had he been thinking? Dashing off to help Bruce with research before finding out what Fury and Hill had said to Steve and why the hell Steve was asking stupid questions…)
“—chicken parmesan?  Yeah.”  Steve smiled and shook his head. “I was so nervous, I almost dropped the first one on the floor, then broke a dish when I was trying to save it.  Did they tell you about the times I got beat up in the alley out back?  Luca always came running with a broom. That was kind of a recurring theme for me back then,” Steve said with a wry grimace.
have more hand-to-hand training, but the way Rogers had just bailed felt . . . wrong. Tony didn’t like it.
Jennifer designed that paper test for him, and Tony’d bet his Jennifer Chang against Prima Corp’s entire R&D Department any day.
“Okay. That’s good.” Tony sliced the sandwiches in half and arranged them on a plate. Then rearranged them again. Then put them back the way they were before. “I’m glad.”
Steve’s breath hitched. Tony glanced up and saw his Dominant’s notch bob slowly as he swallowed. The tips of his ears were pink.
“Nah, I’m good,” Tony said, eyes sliding shut. The pressure at his wrist, Rebecca’s fingers in his hair—it felt good, really good. Relaxing. Nothing like hitting subspace, but different from his usual brain buzzing. “ ‘m good.”
Tony smiled. Sam Deetz and Rebecca Martinez met at the fundraiser for an exhibit of medieval manuscripts she’d helped curate. The paleographer and the industrialist: a match made at the Met.
“He was tough,” Steve said quietly, eyes still unfocused. “And brave. And loyal.” Steve gave a wistful smile, “He taught me to fight. He said, ‘You tuck your thumb into your fist like that, you’re gonna break it. Thumb on the outside or you’re gonna hurt worse than the other guy.’ ”
(Oh fuck!)  Just thinking about it was making his cock swell.  The studio seemed warm all of a sudden.  Steve took a long shuddering breath, then checked “love.”  He called up another note then deleted it.  (A check mark by ‘love’ would suffice.)
With a sultry look and a little hip wiggle, Tony folded gracefully to his knees and tipped his chin. Steve reached down to caress his cheek for a moment, then guided Tony over to rest his head on Steve’s knee.
It had become a bit of a habit for Steve to come down and work on his reports in the workshop after training; Tony fumbled around for an excuse to brush him off. (He’d left the Norton Dominator in plain view of the main shop and wanted to get back to work on modifying the engine, so he couldn’t exactly have Steve hanging out on his couch.)
Tony nodded. Steve glanced away and continued, eyes a little unfocused, “You know I was real sickly as a kid. I missed almost a full year of school when I was seven and I couldn’t play outside because of the smog and dust and, well, I couldn’t have kept up with the other kids anyway so I was mostly inside. But my mom was at work a lot, weekends too, so a lot of the time it was just me and my books and my drawing things.” He shook his head. “Lucky I was a strong reader,” then he shrugged, “then again, lots of motivation and time practice I guess.”
Pepper reached up onto the high shelf—the one Tony couldn’t touch without a stepstool, damn it—to take down the coffee.
Steve cut himself off, breathing hard. He squeezed his eyes shut and swallowed thickly, turning away.
(-- don’t expect me to be team whore. Or Captain’s bitch.)  Tony bit back the words, somehow unwilling to bring his orientation into the conversation any more than it was already.
“Tony! Tony, what are you doing!?” Bruce asked again, but from the tone of his voice Tony was pretty sure he was starting to suspect.
, you dick. Seriously, it’s like--” And Tony was off and running. They settled into the argument like it was old and comfortable, familiar like the bickering.
“Good fight, Iron Man,” Rogers said briskly, but sounding a little out of breath himself. “I think that’s enough for today though, don’t you?”
“Tony, I’m honored,” Steve said softly.  He crouched down to bring himself level with Tony and reached out to touch his cheek.  “You’re too good to me.”
Tony frowned at the incomplete data columns a moment more then turned to Rogers. He was holding a heaping plate of food: a towering stack of pancakes surrounded with bacon, fresh fruit, and hash browns. Tony blinked. Rogers held up the plate and offered it to him with a smile.
“I really appreciate it,” Steve added softly, then asked in a worried tone, “But did you get some rest too?”
like I belonged there, in the fancy suit you bought me, but I know if it weren’t for the serum--how I look now and the whole Captain America thing-- I’d never have had the guts to ask you out. Hell, you’re so outta my league we’d have never met, let alone gotten together. But it’s ok.”
(-- something like an airbag system?  Nothing so crude, of course, but a way to let the suit absorb the impact better, divert the damage away from--)  Tony chewed at his lip.  (No, that would require a wider gap between the pilot and the suit; that would open up larger operational problems, but if--)
Tony grimaced as he threw back the last of his coffee—long since gone cold and bitter—and scowled at the sewing machine.
“You didn’t. It’s really fine.” Tony rubbed the back of Bruce’s neck with his thumb. “No damage done by loud noises, you know. Well, not until you get to--”
“Maybe we could go to the Met sometime,” Tony said, already thinking about which pieces in his fabulous (Pepper-curated) art collection Steve might like in his suite.
. (Mostly through indecisiveness. Once he’d finally thought to call Leila things came together pretty fast, though.)
Thank you so much for reading!  I hope it was worth waiting for.  Action scenes aren't my forte, so where necessary please suspend disbelief. :-)
Rogers shook his head again, and Tony could tell he wasn’t entirely pleased by the lack of information himself.
Rogers chuckles. “Not at all. But if you ask me about them as Avengers it only seems right to be more formal. They’re my teammates and we work together, even if we’re not a traditional unit.”
Tony watched, mesmerized by the sight of his erection disappearing between Steve’s now swollen lips.
Tony laughed and there was maybe something nervous around the edges, but he relaxed back into Steve's arms. “Always with Brooklyn, huh babe?”
“I’d be happy to take a look at your specs,” Tony said vaguely. “Send them over Monday if you like. I won’t quiz you on the technical details.”
Not that all the subs at Safehouse were more broadly disadvantaged and needed career training. Isaac had told him once about a beautiful sub in her forties, a top-notch accountant. She showed up in a crisp business suit carrying a briefcase and offering to volunteer her services for the Foundation, then asking softly if she could stay the night. She was afraid to go home.
Hope you liked it!  I found it pretty hard to write.  I wanted to do more media coverage, but it got too depressing and then the chapter was getting long and, well, here we are.  I'm definitely looking forward to happier chapters ahead!
Rogers shook his head, as if clearing the melancholy away.  “Besides,” he said with another shrug, “I liked Home Ec.”
Tony finished the pasta while they talked.  When he was done, Rogers said with a smile, “Well, I should let you get back to your projects, Mr. Stark.  Thank you for inviting me in to see your workshop.  And for the explanation.  Really aces.”
“Oh hello, Steve,” she said with a smile that looked a little uncertain (or is he imagining that?).  “Looking for Tony?  It isn’t an emergency is it?”
“So, this is your rodeo,” Clint called to Tony from the couch. “That mean you’re picking the movie?”
Tony snorted.  They turned their attention to the menus.  A waiter—stealthy and unobtrusive as a ninja—appeared as soon as they’d decided, took their orders, and vanished.  (The motto of Marseilles seemed to be: our staff should be neither seen nor heard; if you notice them, they’re doing it wrong.)
“I didn't mean to startle you,” Steve said, taking an exaggerated step back and holding his hands up in half-joking surrender.
“Hit it, JARVIS!” Tony called and the strains of Devotchka filled the living room. Tony’s mind wandered and he found himself watching his teammates as much as the movie.
“Here you go, Pepper,” Steve said as he approached with a steaming mug. “Are you sure I can’t bring you anything, Tony?”
enough.  Tony kissed him hard and fast, then took Steve’s aching erection in hand.  Steve arched off the bed as Tony thrust his fingers in time to the firm strokes on his cock.  One, two, three—Steve cried out and went rigid.  He saw stars as he spurted across his stomach in a hot rush of glorious pleasure,  Tony stroking and finger fucking him through wave after wave.
“Not funny,” Bruce muttered, entering Tony’s room and making a beeline for the clipboard at the foot of the bed. “Hmmm,” he murmured as he perused it.
“Oh,” Pepper said, looking a little uncertain. “Oh dear. Maybe I should call Katie and Michael . . .”
“Harry, have you met my friend?” Tony asked.  “Sasha, this is Harry Silverstein--one of the only people at this party with whom I actually enjoy talking math.  Harry, this is Sasha Andreovich . And he’ll more than give you a run for your money talking about the Mirzakhani thesis.”
My thanks to all who comment and cheer me on and, before any other, my beta thatwhichyields who is the literal absolute best.
Tony let out a rough chuckle.  “You’ve got me, Steve.”  He squeezed Steve’s shoulder.  “I’m right here.  Tell me what you want.  What do you want to do right now?”
He’d fallen asleep in the workshop again. Tony stretched and rubbed his cheek, which held the fabric print of Natasha’s nearly-completed new uniform. At the far end of his workbench, there was a cup of coffee. Tony blinked.
Suddenly, all Tony could think of was how easily Steve could throw him around, wrestle him down, pin him to a wall, to the mat. Heat pooled in his stomach.
Tony lingered in the “curious” column running the possibilities over in his mind.  He pictured his fingers wrapped around Steve’s throat, restricting his air for just a few moments, watching his face flush, then easing up and hearing Steve’s grateful breaths.  The thought thrilled Tony almost as much as it terrified him.  And then (fuck!) the thought of Steve kneeling, a thick black collar around his throat—it unleashed something possessive and powerful that made Tony feel like the arc reactor was super-charged and pulsing with energy.  (Mine, mine, mine!)  And (oh god, shit, fuck!) he was curious about
“Steve,” Tony gasped, scrabbling at the buttons of his shirt before giving up on them and moving his hands to Steve’s belt.  Tony thrust his tongue in and out of Steve’s mouth-- wet, hot, beautiful—as he worked his way into Steve’s underwear.  There wasn’t enough air. Tony’s hand was tight and firm around his erection.  The calluses from long hours in the workshop were rough against his sensitive skin, a delicious friction.  (Oh!)  Steve fumbled with Tony’s buttons and (finally!) got his hand around Tony’s cock.
Then Tony was part dragging, part pushing, Steve over to the bed, awkward, stumbling, his trousers around his knees.  Tony gave him a shove and Steve flopped back.  Tony fell to his knees and yanked Steve’s trousers down to his ankles.  He licked Steve’s dick, a long wet stripe with his tongue.  (Oh oh oh!)  Steve shoved his fist in his mouth and bit down on his cries.  Tony sucked the tip, then began to bob his head and--- (oh fuck, fuck, fuck! wet, hot, tight!)
Rogers looked up and saw him standing there, staring. The man smiled at him and suddenly Tony felt like he should have changed clothes for this, not shown up in a hoodie and ragged jeans.  Then again, they hadn’t warned him.  Then again (again?), if they had he wouldn’t have showed up.
Tony cried quietly against her stomach while she petted him. He was pretty sure she was crying too, but the steady murmur of praise went on and on and Tony let everything wash over him. He lost track of time.
“And, you know,” Tony said, “if what I’ve sampled so far is just you running on instinct, I’d say you’re a natural.”
And, though Tony wouldn’t have minded another quiet word with Johnny, he wasn’t sorry to see him herding Dominic away post-haste.
“So,” Tony said softly, sidling closer so his body almost brushed against Steve’s, “which car shall we take?”
With JARVIS’s help and footage from the Iron Man suit, Steve worked steadily on his analysis for a few hours before getting restless.  Maybe he’d just take another quick peek at the spreadsheet . . . The wikipedia article for “breathplay” was still loading when Steve heard a noise.
“Dinner won’t be ready for quite a while,” Steve told him with an apologetic smile, “but we’ve got lots of snacks if you’re hungry. Can I get you anything?”
Little by little, the tension left Bruce’s body as they breathed in unison. Bruce rested his cheek on the top of Tony’s head and rubbed his shoulders. Tony smiled. Bruce, Rhodey—the Doms in his life were all the same: they only seemed to take comfort by offering it, even if it was an illusion. They’d rather be the one giving the hug, playing the big spoon. Tony wondered vaguely if there were actually some sort of neurochemical aspect to it, or if they were just socialized only to accept comfort indirectly. In the end, Tony supposed it was unknowable and he didn’t particularly care since he’d figured out how to do what he could for the Doms he cared about.
Tony smiled a little wider: Steve was crazy about him; he was a shy, conscientious virgin; and Talking was
“Hello and welcome,” said a plump middle-aged woman, handing out menus. “My name is Rosie and I’ll be your server this evening. Shall I get you started with some drinks?”
“I don’t believe I’m at liberty to say, sir.” JARVIS paused—it was the closest he came to hesitation. “I fear the Captain would be embarrassed.”
Tony shook his head.  “Fine, just—tickled.  You have to be firm with them don’t . . . don’t tickle.”
As they all went down to the cafeteria—preemptively complaining about the food—Tony tried not to think about what Fury might be saying to Steve.
“Soon, baby,” Tony moaned, voice rough.  “Soon I’ll be fucking your throat.  Gonna get you a dildo to practice on, like I said, and you’ll take it and take it ‘cause you love this, don’t you baby?”
.” His eyes were bright as he looked down at Tony, standing close with his arm still around Iron Man’s shoulders.  “
Pepper’s perfectly manicured nails scratched lightly at his scalp and Tony hummed in pleasure.  He could hear her tapping one handed on her tablet, still petting him.  The minutes slid by in comfortable silence and Tony hovered in that relaxed state right above subspace.  (Which was as close to it as he got these days, ever since— No.  Not thinking about that.)  Pepper rubbed the sensitive spot behind his right ear and Tony let out a long contented sigh.  He heard Pepper set her tablet aside.
For the next few minutes, Tony was enclosed in the armor surrounded by the numbers and graphs JARVIS threw up.  Nothing had changed since last time according to the current scans, except of course Bob’s location.
“Likewise. Thank you for meeting me here,” she said, green eyes sparkling. “Please allow me to offer you a drink--compliments of my client. What would you like?”
Steve nodded and Tony glanced away.  His voice went thick: “I . . . I don’t want to hurt you.  At first, I wasn’t sure this was something I could do, but now I . . . I think I can and I want to, but if I hurt you I—I’d—“  It felt like the arc reactor had expanded too wide and was squeezing the air out of his chest.  (Calm down, stupid.  He’s right here and he’s fine.)
(It’s why you left.  Well, part of it.)  Tony swallowed.  “Yeah.”  It came out a little rough.  He grabbed the tumbler at his elbow and threw back the contents.  (Oh yeah.  Water.)
Tony palmed Steve’s hard cock through his trousers, exulting inwardly when Steve’s hips jerked. Tony’d always been good at this, able to find just the right pressure, just the right angle to drive a partner wild.
Tony’d insisted that Mrs. Rhodes take head of the table, but she’d put Tony at her right, Steve at the left. Then Rhodey and Pepper, Clint and Natasha, and Bruce opposite her, as a fellow chef. Tony’s foot tapped under the table and his stomach rumbled. (Hurry up, people!)
“Steve?” Tony called softly. Steve turned and smiled at him, but in the dim light Tony couldn’t tell if it looked happy or sad. Steve was wearing a white dress shirt with a dark suit and tie.
Tony grinned inwardly. He could probably talk Deetz into another ten million for the Submissive Rights Organization on the dance floor. He’d always liked Deetz. And the man had a deft hand with a single tail.
“Gosh,” Steve said, stepping over to the workbench to run his fingers across it. “It looks amazing.”
(Maybe Steve changed his mind about being restrained and it was distressing him, but maybe he thought I wanted him to stay there no matter what. Did he do something distressing in an attempt to please me?
Steve laughed and shook his head. “No, but I did get this,” he said, fumbling around in his bag. “Uh, I thought you might like it.”
The word hovered in the air for a moment before Rhodes continued, “But going through D.C. sucks and I hardly ever get to see Tony these days. So when I scored some time in New York at the last minute, I figured I’d use the layover to visit my favorite billionaire genius.” He threw an arm around Tony’s shoulders in a rough pseudo-hug.
Pepper took three long, careful breaths.  “It’s a nightmare, but Tony’s working on it now so that’s good at least.”  She took a few more careful breaths and looked down at Tony’s blue and burgundy ties as though they might contain a solution.
“Doctor James and Agent Lane are running a little late.  They asked me to apologize and please let you know.”
“No, I totally understand.  I’ll bring something down soon.”  Steve paused.  “And, uh, I wanted to ask you something.”
“And cross the specs on 7127's reserve core with 7344's cooling system. Give it to me in graph form to my left. I'm going to look at the variable alloy list again, see if I missed something.”
“Wha— What are you--?”  Cap was stammering and looking at him with this idiotic, wide-eyed shock. (Like he didn’t know exactly what Clint meant by that.) Something about his pretty boy innocent act made Clint want to punch him.
Steve let go and leaned back, the disappointment heavy in his stomach. He got awkwardly to his feet and stepped away.
“Thank you,” Steve said haltingly. “Nice meeting you, sir. Rhodey. I’ll just--” Steve felt like he should say something else, but instead he fled with another quiet, “Thanks.”
“Oh, you know,” Tony said, with theatrically affected cool, “There’s this fella I’m sweet on. Gotta make a good impression.”
Now Steve was shivering, so Tony grabbed the blanket and dragged it up around them.  Tony propped up slightly against the headboard and pulled Steve into his arms.  He stroked Steve’s hair and ran a hand up and down Steve’s back, murmuring softly, “You did so well . . . so proud of you, Steve . . . love you . . . I’ve got you, babe. . . ”
“Ah!  Tony!  Tony, I’m almost—”  Steve bit his lip.   “Please, I want--”  He couldn’t quite get the words out.
Steve looked at him dubiously.  (The heavy erotic tension that had built in the elevator is fading, sliding away.  It’s okay.  It’s fine.  They can bring it back—it’s good to talk like this, right?)
“Field greens,” Tony corrected absently, walking around the workbench.  (He’d had no idea he’d been so worried, until now, feeling so relieved.)  Tony took the pizza and set it down.  He tucked his head against Steve’s shoulder and wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist.
Tony’s scotch was rich—dark and peaty, exactly the way he liked it with just a drop of water to open the flavor. (Never ruin a fine malt with ice.) Tony shook his head.
Every time Tony tried to relocate his spectrometer party to the Tower, Fury would dick him around about bla bla proprietary data bla bla consultant bla bla.  Tony’d have moved anyway and hacked in for any information he hadn’t collected himself, but Bruce said he’d had enough trouble with government agencies, so maybe they shouldn’t do that, thanks all the same.  So they work on the spectrometer at SHIELD. Whatever.  It was fine— the SHIELD Doms left Tony alone, probably because they were all afraid of Bruce.  Well, all of them except—
“I said that—despite a few early misunderstandings—I felt confident I had not abused my power, and that if he had any doubts he should speak to you directly.”
“Wow,” Steve breathed, seeming stunned. Then he added, sort of sad and wonderingly, “Time’s gone so quickly . . . I . . . I actually lost track of the days.”
Steve was humming some church-y sounding music and piling pancakes on a platter. He turned to smile at Tony for a moment before looking back to the stove. (Wait. No, wait.)
“Tony?”  Rhodey’s face was creased, his brows knit, mouth frowning just slightly.  It could have looked pensive, but Tony knew it was worry.  Rhodey hesitated a second then asked, “He’s good to you?”
“But you shouldn’t,” Tony cut in, poking Bruce again. (Come on, stay with me, buddy.) “It’s gonna be awesome. And we’ve got the Security Blanket, which is—if I do say so myself, and I do—a work of unparalleled genius. Don’t tell me I did all that for nothing!”
“So, go on,” she continued.  “Tell me. About Steve.”  The name sounded awkward on her tongue.  “I really do want to hear.”  And Pepper was smiling at him, but the contrast was too marked.  It was her boardroom smile.  Everything felt sour in Tony’s stomach.
Tony watched Mr. and Mrs. Macmillan as they moved slowly across the ballroom. If he hadn’t been watching so closely, Tony would have missed it when Tyrone’s hand started to shake very slightly and Margaret reached out to hold it steady. Pepper and Sylvia were getting down to details—Pepper, of course, was always strong on the tech—but Tony couldn’t quite stop watching Tyrone.
“You’re not good, Tony,” the Dom growled in what he probably thought of as his sexy voice. “You’re very
“Good boy,” Tony whispered as he shuffled up carefully, trying not to wake Steve.  He drank the water greedily, throat parched, and realized suddenly he hadn’t cleaned Steve up.  Hadn’t given him any water before he fell asleep.  Cup and washcloth were unused next to the cushions.  Tony frowned and tried not to worry about it.  He hadn’t exactly forgotten he just . . . hadn’t done  it right away.  He’d felt shaken apart after he came and Steve had pulled Tony into his arms as if he knew exactly what Tony needed.  (Sometimes, it’s like that man’s an empath.)  And then Steve had drifted off so quickly. . .
Steve’s shivering didn’t subside; in fact, he seemed to be shuddering more and more, breathing heavily.  He made a little hiccupping noise.  Tony pulled him closer, bringing more of their naked bodies in contact.  “Shhhhh . . . shhhhh  . . . I’ve got you . . .”
Tony looked like he couldn’t decide between pissed and worried. Rhodes frowned and gave Steve a considering look for a long moment, then his expression went soft.
Tony glanced over at his other teammates, surprised by their silence, and blinked.  (Huh?)  Clint and Natasha didn’t look angry. (What the fuck?)
Phillips shook his head.  "I was mistaken."  He turned back to Steve.  "That's all, Steven," Phillips said. "You may go."
“About the spreadsheet,” Steve said.  “It looked, ah,” Steve toyed with his beer, “really interesting, but I only got a quick glimpse of it in the workshop before. . . ” he looked down, “ah, we were busy doing *other things.*  Even at a glance, there were a bunch of terms on it I’d never heard of before or didn’t make sense to me.”
“I’m gonna unhook you now,” Tony said, reaching for the restraints, “but you did so well.  I’m so proud of you.”
They stood smiling at each other across a crowded ballroom until a beautiful brunet in a red gown touched Steve’s arm, drawing his attention away. Tony turned back to Harry.
cornered her; she’d almost certainly set it up so he thought he’d cornered her when in fact she’d been giving him an opening.  But whatever—he just wanted to say his piece without the rest of the team there.
Tony made a dash for the shower, feeling sorry he hadn’t left himself more time.  He mentally reviewed his wardrobe as he bathed thoroughly. (Very thoroughly. Again. Hey, a guy could hope!) Burgundy shirt.  No! The red one. No, wait.  He grabbed three pairs of trousers, trying them on in rapid succession.  (Absurd.)
He tipped his head back and forced his eyes open, one then the other. The eyedrops were cold. (Ugh. Hate doing that.)
“I’ll need projections with the patterns for SHIELD’s last version of Cap’s suit and Vanessa’s report on reinforcing Kevlar seams. Oh, and turn on the coffee and, what the hell, let’s rock some Project Runway in the background.”
“Maybe I can take your mind off SHIELD?” Tony said lightly. “See, I’m a gross sweaty mess, so I’m heading up for a shower. I thought you might like to join me?”
who went on and on about how fucking Dominant Steve Rogers had been, muscles or no, over and over, and how obviously Tony would be a Dom just like The Captain was.
“I never thought that I’d get to touch or be touched by someone who loves me. . . who I love like this.”  Tony shivered.  Steve took a shaky breath and forced himself to continue, his voice soft:  “I’ve known I’m not really broken or sick for a while—I mean, I’ve
Still trying to get my Power and Paradox muse to return!  Encouragement and cheer leading much appreciated.  Please feel free to join me on tumblr: http://ms-meredith-milton.tumblr.com/
. There was a tablet over on the bench. Tony wandered closer and saw that the screen was cracked, but it was still working. Tony picked it up and skimmed the youtube comments.
“James?” Mrs. Rhodes said, coming over to them. “It’s getting late and we’ll have a long day tomorrow. I’m heading to bed.”
The silence stretched on, long but not oppressive.  Just as Steve was considering drifting back to sleep nestled in Tony’s arms, Tony spoke:
Tony curled up on the bench and rested his head on Steve’s shoulder. Steve let out a pleased, surprised little noise and put his arm around Tony’s waist.
p.s. I know ALL the image hosting is messed up right now.  Photobucket changed their terms, so I'll have to hunt up my images and then find them a new home.  Very sorry!  I'll try to fix it soon....
“Holy shit! “The Punisher”? Tony, wow!” He turned to the others and explained with excitement, as he wiped his fingers on his shirt, “It’s a really rare one—1974 and this one’s in great condition too! Where did you--?” As Clint lifted it out of the box, he caught sight of the one beneath and fell silent, mouth slightly agape. “
Steve took a long breath.  “Tony, I—”  He hesitated.  “I thank God every day for the crazy miracle that brought me forward to you.  To this time where I can love you and be loved by you.”
and Chinese? Please tell me you’re not chasing him around the Tower 24/7 trying to get in his pants.”
“No trouble at all,” Steve said.  “I’m glad Tony will be back soon,” he added, smile breaking out unbidden.  “If there’s anything you think we can do for him . . .”
Tony slid abruptly out from under the spectrometer, strode over to the diagnostics station, and started entering the recalibrations into their old data set.
“All right.” Tony paused then asked, “Do you want to guess? There are people online making all kinds of bets.”
before giving advice.  Bruce poured Steve’s cup of tea first—he knew Steve didn’t like his as strong.
“Yeah,” Steve repeated. “That’s something at least.” He sort of shook himself and gave a dim smile. “Let’s talk about something else.”
used, was laid out with all the utensils, china, and cups like a four star restaurant.  And there was Captain America, refolding the cloth napkins that had mysteriously appeared along with all the fine china.  (No, seriously, what?  He knew he had forks, knives, and spoons, but . . . huh.)
The elevator doors opened silently onto the huge open floor plan of his penthouse and its vast windows. The view on was stunning—New York a vast expanse of sparkling glory. He loved the city at night. Tony poured himself a generous scotch and sat down, mind running in the same circles as before.
); he could be silent for long stretches of time ( “. . . . . . .” ); and he spoke at least some of Tony’s language, though admittedly with a funny accent (“—not an engineer, but it sounds like the poly-aramid needs to function like the macro of a covalent bond, but allowing for fragmentation?” ).
“It’s like a code word,” Tony explained.  “It’s what you say if you’re distressed and want to stop.”
Tony frowned.  Bruce was looking a little green after their flight, but more with sickness than with rage.  There were SHEILD agents maintaining a wide perimeter around the carousel, not that there was much of anybody in Central Park at 3 am.
The club was exactly what one would expect of LA: chic, minimalist, dim and crowded, populated by the wealthy and fashionable or the young and beautiful. (Tony was no doubt the oldest sub the bouncers had let through the door. But, hey, he was
Tony shrugged.  “Been busy in the workshop.”   He walked over to the kitchen counter and pulled the coffee maker out from the wall.  “Hey, JARVIS?  Better order two instead of one.  Dummy might break the next one and it’s ridiculous not to have a spare.”  Tony was unplugging the machine.
“Yeah,” Cap said. Out of the corner of his eye, Tom saw that he was smiling. “I think we’re done here.”
“Tony, we were all letting off steam. It was a party.” Pepper’s eyes flicked to the kitchen, and she added: “If anybody would judge you for it, they have poor judgment. And that’s not on you.”
(Steve’s been nothing but slow and careful with you, stupid.)  Tony took a deep breath.  (Have a little faith.)
Looked like one of the inner circuits was shorting, or the K-873 was rubbing its femur. Carefully and methodically, Tony started unscrewing the paneling to get a better look.
“Can’t a man go on an impromptu vacation without getting the fifth degree?” Tony asked, a hint of exasperation coloring his voice.
“The dominant is not there to please the submissive.  The submissive is there to please the dominant.”
“Good,” Steve said.  Feeling awkward, he started to wrap his hands.  “So, uh, have you heard from Tony? How is he?”
--” Steve shrugged. “--and, I mean--” his mouth twisted “--everything special about me came out of a bottle.”
Tony flipped up the face plate. Bruce was giving him this agonized, nervous look as Tony approached the worktable.
“Mr. Stark, may I have the honor of calling you Tony?” Johnson was clearly aiming for polite, but impatience colored his voice.
Tony scooted closer and reached out to take Steve’s hand. Steve smiled at him and gave his hand a little squeeze.
,” Tony breathed out and pushed himself back onto Steve’s fingers, until he caught Tony’s hips in a firm grasp and held him still once more.
Jackie raised his eyebrows. He gave Tony a playful shove and said teasingly, “You dog! You already did, didn’t you?” Jackie gave a performative sigh. “I see how it is—you won’t set me up because you want him all for yourself! Well, in two weeks you’ll be over it, so when he’s crying into his pillow, you give him my number, baby.”
Steve relaxed back into Tony’s embrace. (Okay, probably pressing my luck here, but . . .)  Steve smiled softly at Tony and reached out to lay his hand over the arc reactor.
potentially unnecessary disclaimer: Just a little reminder that this is an AU.  Liberationism overlaps with and invokes lots of concepts from feminism, but I by no means wish to imply that all women do or should desire to submit.  ABSOLUTELY NOT (as I hope is already clear from the story) The AU is not a 1:1 translation. I’m a feminist submissive myself and we’re turning to the part of the story that deals more Tony's desire to express his submissive identity (in what I think is a liberated way), but please don’t suppose the echoes of feminism in liberationism represent some sort of gender essentialism on my part.  It’s an AU and Tony is an individual within it.
“Protocol 387-J12, my ass,” Tony grumbled, rolling his eyes. “Seriously? Cap bringing coffee falls under: ‘previously vetted and authorized delivery personnel?’”
The elevator doors opened and Steve heard the click, clack, click of high heels. (Not Natasha. She was always silent.)
“So, here’s a thought,” Clint said, “every time you call me Birdbrain, I’m gonna call you ‘Lovebird.’”
“JARVIS,” Tony barked, “Start running all my hypos, stat. Cross the blanks with the new output as it comes in”
As he carefully unwound the ropes, Steve checked the pink marks and indents on Tony’s wrists where he’d pulled and struggled.
“Thank you for bringing me here on our date,” Steve said looking around the solarium. “It’s amazing already.”
“We have awesome vacation benefits!” Scotch sloshed over the left edge. “I know: I overhauled that program! But when did I actually manage a proper vacation, huh?”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“Yeah, everything’s fine—just gotta go.  I’ll call you back.  Later. Promise!  Bye!  JARVIS, end call.”
“That was good,” Tony murmured.  “So good, baby.”  He pulled away for a moment then pressed Steve’s head against his stomach, just holding him there and scratching his scalp lightly.  Tony was shivering.
“I just thought maybe sometimes we could have old fashioned date night and do all that stuff,” Tony said. “Not every time we go out--just like a special occasion. Agreed in advance.”
“Have to?” Tony repeated incredulously, propping up on his elbow.  “Have to?”  He raised one eyebrow.  “We seem to have a fundamental misunderstanding here—of course I don’t have to.  I want to.”  Tony let his hand stroke lower. “You have no idea how much I want to.”
Tony stretched and rolled his shoulders, feeling the pleasant pull in his muscles again.  (He was tempted to send Sam and Rebecca flowers.  Or a cactus.) Now that he’d cleared all the pressing issues from his docket, he needed a new project.
“Oh, hey, this joint really needs it, doesn’t it?” Tony asked softly.  He unscrewed Dummy’s 88-bolt and eased the oil can in.  The little bot let out a whirring noise.
Steve started the timer on Photobooth. Tony leaned on his shoulder with a grin, reaching around to hold the drawing up in front of them both, while Steve gave two thumbs up.
Tony nodded and leaned a little closer, afraid to do anything to shatter the moment. Steve hardly talked about the past, let alone the war. It felt significant. Special.
“Do me a favor—let me know if anyone is on their way up here.  I don’t want us to be disturbed without warning.”
“Looking forward to being out with you, as your sub for the first time,” Tony said with a smile.  “Not looking forward to some of the reactions we’ll get, but it’s not my first rodeo.” He shrugged, then smiled again, “But I refuse to let anyone spoil our night out for us, ok?”
him that he didn’t care, that Steve was wonderful and brilliant whether or not he understood engineering or physics or had a PhD or even a BA.  “
Steve shook his head. “He disappeared on me for a while after that. Started chasing skirts left and right all of a sudden, became a real smooth ladies’ man. Always ladies.”
“All this!  The door opening, chair-pulling, standing, and bowing bullshit!”  Tony waved his hands angrily for emphasis; scalding coffee sloshed from the cup and burned his hand. “I keep telling you—I’ve got it!”
officially. And it wasn’t like Steve hadn’t topped him at all! (Mmmm . . . firm pressure on his wrists, thigh to thigh, tongue pressing against his . . . ) Steve had Dominated him, at least a little, so it wasn’t like Steve didn’t want him, right?
Tony laughed.  “We’re allowed to make out on the couch, you know,” Tony said.  Steve was *definitely* blushing.  He bit his lip.  Tony was still smiling, but added rather gently, “But we don’t have to or anything.  It’s okay to be shy with the PDA, but . . . you know, we *can.*  Yeah?”
Agent Dominick was the last to leave the gym; he and Rogers were alone. (Or so they thought.) Rogers returned his phone to his belt pocket.
Tony set four mini-orbitors up around the Field of Creepy, then whipped out his StarkTab.  “Okay, JARVIS, gimmie what you got. Make Daddy proud.”
“The pale grey suit with a white shirt, two buttons popped open, onyx cufflinks, black Prada belt and dress shoes.”
He grabbed his mug and headed for Tony’s en suite. As he returned he let out a long sigh and groaned. “God, I needed that!”
(Too late!)  Steve thought he was only taking a little, but it was far too much.  He swallowed.  His throat closing felt like failure and he frowned.
“I’d love to meet Ms. Potts,” Belford said, then pitched his voice lower, “but at the moment, I’d much rather talk to you.”
“I think that’s an excellent idea,” Steve said with a little nod, “But I need to go check in with SHIELD.”
Steve took deep, even breaths and kept his cheek pressed against Tony’s foot.  Bent over like this, with his hands behind his back and his shoulder to the floor, his back was arched in a gentle curve, his ass sticking up-- exposed.  It made Steve want to spread his legs and beg Tony to fuck him, but Tony’d told him not to move so he wouldn’t.  He swallowed thickly.
“Tony! Good to see you again,” a man’s voice said.  “Would you do me the kindness of introducing me?”
Steve leaned close to kiss Tony on the cheek. He squeezed Tony’s wrists and murmured into his ear, “Do you like that?”
“Hey yourself,” Steve said with a smile, leaning down to kiss Tony on the forehead.  He glanced around at the glowing screens.
“Steve, I—“  Tony began, voice rough.  He struggled a moment, then just pulled Steve up for an intense kiss, all teeth and tongues and hard, wet heat.  Steve pressed closer, panting into Tony’s mouth, and just as he was about to climb onto Tony’s lap—
“Shhh, it’s all right,” she murmured, stroking his hair and holding him close, “Everything’s gonna be all right.”
Tony collected his mini-orbitors, boarded the Quinjet, and turned to the data readouts with a smile. Of course they hadn’t gotten all the data they’d need—the portals always seemed to close too soon for that—but it was pretty close and they could probably fill it in with the old specs Tony’d had JARVIS running.
kind.  Outspoken and uppity.”  Rogers was frowning again.  “Fury’s trying to make sure I’ll stay out of trouble, in my personal life and in the press.”
Eventually, his mind still a blur of numbers, Tony reached out for pizza and felt around in an empty box.  He blinked and looked up, alone in his workshop.  (Steve?)  There was a piece of heavy sketch paper, wrapped in onion paper, with a note on top of it “for Tony.”  He wiped his fingers on his shirt and reached for the note.
“So gorgeous like this,” Steve whispered. He sped his thrusts, hard and deep, while Tony’s cock, trapped between them, smeared their bellies with pre-come. “All needy and desperate and
Tony looked up at him with a warm smile and rubbed his cheek against Steve’s knee again. Steve smiled back at him, but he looked troubled.
“I usually do,” Pepper said with a wry smile, but something was grating at Tony’s nerves, harsh and raw and he had a hard time smiling back.
Steve placed two heaping bowls of chili on the table.  Clint and Thor immediately snapped them up and headed for the couch.
“Gentlemen,” Captain America said. “If you’d like to get some rest, I’m sending half the force back to HQ.  The rest of us will stay here in the event the anomaly returns and proves hostile.”
Tony grabbed a water and headed for the treadmill. At least it had a good view of Steve’s punching bag.
“Bloodplay”: Steve checked HARD LIMIT.  (He couldn’t imagine bleeding being sexy, even if he would heal really quickly.)
P.S.  * Yeah, yeah. I know.  The scientific revolution’s start date is contested, but it was NOT in the eighteenth century in RL. But, hey, this is an AU so I starts the scientific revolution when I wants to.  :-)
Once that thought occurred to him, Tony curled around to keep an eye on Steve, checking for signs of real distress, but he seemed fine--just emotionally engaged and moved.  Nevertheless, Tony stroked his legs soothingly and rubbed his cheek against Steve’s knee like a cat during the more intense portions.  He reveled in the sense that his presence at Steve’s feet was a comfort and that satisfaction helped ease him toward that lax, loose state of relaxation that he didn’t have a name for.  (Warm. Comfortable. Hazily content.)
There was a long  pause, then Pepper asked in that wonderful, dry tone of voice: “Will you read the email?”
Steve made a pleased murmur.  Tony grabbed a bit of chicken Parmesan right out of Steve’s bowl.  (What?  It was already cut up.)  Tony moaned.
As they approached the Brooklyn bridge, though, Tony couldn’t hold back an amused little snort and a wry, “Brooklyn, babe? Why am I not surprised?”
Tony smiled back and joined them all at the counter. He wanted to kiss Steve hello, but they were standing very close to Bruce and Natasha and he wasn’t sure if it’d be weird.
“Ok.  Just, I know that it looked bad--” Tony said.  “That most subs don’t--”. He waved a hand vaguely.
Rogers checked his watch.  “Well, it’s nearly my turn at Bob Watch, so I’d best go.”  He nodded to Bruce, bowed to Tony again, and departed.
“If we didn’t do business with assholes, we couldn’t do business at all!” Pepper’d yelled to cap off her rant.  “Now, do you want me to go to the fucking meeting and take over that douchebag’s company, or not?!”
Hi everybody! So sorry for vanishing for so long. RL + writer's block = long absence. You know how it goes. Anyway, I'm hoping to finish this story very, very soon, and then, if there's still interest, I'd like to continue the series in shorter, more manageable stories.
“Right,” Steve said uneasily, then looked at the dinning table and whistled. “Golly, you’re sure putting on the Ritz. What’s the occasion?”
“Tony?” Bruce said hesitantly, lingering as Natasha and Clint took the elevator and Steve washed the skillet. “Uh, I thought, if you’re not too busy, maybe we could troubleshoot the Security Blanket some more? I know it’s a frustrating, but—“
-- Tower security had arrived before Hanson'd moved from the non-consensual hitting to non-consensual other things...)
I'm so grateful for all your encouragement.  (Please picture me blushing and biting my lip like Steve...)
Couples flocked onto the dance floor and Steve led Tony out into the middle of it.  As the music began--something traditional, simple, old-timey sounding--Steve pulled Tony into a closed hold and began to move across the floor.  With surprising confidence. And it felt good, so good, to be in Steve’s arms, to let go--even in such a small way as dancing--where everyone could see them.
“Steve,” Tony murmured to himself, then nearly blushed—but there was nobody to hear him but JARVIS. Tony swallowed thickly and fumbled for his coffee cup.
“It’s about safewords again.  You said you read wikipedia when you were doing the spreadsheet.  But, you just looked up the words?  Didn’t do any more exploring?”
“I’m afraid we got more applications than usual and we’ve already hired our models for the upcoming session,” he said gently.  “And we’re operating on a reduced budget, so we have fewer slots than in previous semesters.”
Steve was sitting with his knees a bit apart, so Tony had to spread his legs wider than before to sit on Steve’s lap.  It left his ass exposed to the air and made Tony very aware of his nakedness.
“I was small growing up,” Tony said, shrugging. With a laugh, he added, “Still am, I guess. But Howard always talked about how the greatest Dom he’d ever known had been small too at first, and I’d be a great Dom just like his best friend Captain America and on and on.” Tony swallowed. “I had posters of you in my room as a kid.”
Things had gotten pleasantly fuzzy halfway through the gin, but Tony was pretty sure he and Pepper were bouncing on the table together, belting out “Girls Just Wanna Have Fun” when the other Avengers arrived.
“That that’s all you talk about.  I know I only met the guy for a few minutes, but maybe it would be good for both of you to talk. And not just about superficial stuff.”  Pepper’s voice was gentle, kind. “He must be so lost in the twenty-first century.  I can’t imagine.  Maybe you should talk about things you really care about with him.”
“War Machine in there?” Tony asked, gesturing to the huge crate she had maneuvered into the freight elevator with a sizable handcart.
regretted forgetting his lunch in the fridge at home. He spared a moment’s pity for the Agents who lived on base, then picked up his fork with steely resolve.
Tony unwound the tape carefully, peeling back the layers of fabric protecting Cap’s hands. They were large, strong hands—no surprise there—but soft and smooth, no calluses. (Must be the serum.) Tony’s hands were small, rough, and littered with tiny scars, the marks of his carelessness over long years in the workshop.
Tony’d considered the possibility that Rogers just wanted to get a leg over, but was too old fashioned to suggest they fuck without taking Tony to dinner first. The theory had a lot in its favor; even if Tony was a famous slut, Rogers seemed the sort to be polite about wanting a go.  In which case, it wasn’t about Tony specifically-- Rogers needed to get laid and Tony was nearest and easiest (in every sense of the word).
The closer he got, the more obviously Tony could see signs of strain, though Steve was trying to cover it up. His smile was tight, his brow was pinched, and—though Steve was usually pretty intense about maintaining eye contact—at the moment his eyes were darting from person to person, then around the ballroom as if--
Steve took another deep breath.  Tony would be back soon and until then, he’d kneel patiently.  If Tony wanted him to kneel, he’d kneel.  If Tony wanted him to have a safeword, he’d have a safeword.  Even if he couldn’t imagine using it.
running). He was half way there when he heard Tony’s voice. He slowed a little, sorry to find that Tony wasn’t alone, then sped up again when he recognized the deep timber of the answering voice. Rhodey! (Shit.) Steve paused again. (Maybe I should leave them to catch up? (No, JARVIS said Tony was ‘expecting me.’) Steve bit his lip and continued. Had Tony told Rhodey they were together? (It’s fine. He knows about Tony and doesn’t care. It’ll be fine. Good, even.) Better hurry up and get it over with. As he got closer, Steve could tell Rhodey sounded . . . angry. A little knot formed, tight and heavy, in Steve’s stomach.
Tony watched Steve run a hand up and down his cock and felt a sharp jolt of wanting. His mouth fell open without thinking; he hoped Steve would let him suck it.
Pepper was dressed in a flawless black suit, flats, and a dark purple blouse. Pep gave him a kiss on the cheek and peered at the tablet.
(You can’t interrogate him right now.  Right now you have to comfort him.  He’s not pulling away—he still needs aftercare.  He’s not gonna be able to talk about it yet.)
Whatever. Mom would never have let Howard do it. (But if anything had happened to mom . . .) She’d never had much of a chance to help him; Howard’d never had much chance to sabotage him. They’d both died seven months after he presented.
Rogers gave him a tentative smile.  “You should have seen my face when I found out Mass is in English now!” Rogers ate some of his eggs.  Tony didn’t answer.  Rogers took a sip of coffee.  Then he gave a little sigh, shook his head, and said a bit sadly, “Seems like a shame to throw out nearly two-thousand years of tradition though.”
Tony really would have to talk to Pepper about “reallocating” some of SI’s “talent,” because this shit was unacceptable.  What the fuck?  Somebody had even fucked up the orders for the magna-plastic covers!  Or the manufacturing had gone to seed.  They shouldn’t be cracking!  Tony fumbled for a screwdriver.
Tony nodded again and opened the box.  “Thanks.  This is,” he fumbled for the right phrase, “really great.”
So, Tony flirted, but just a little. He didn’t want Bruce to think that he was after a quick fuck ‘n smack between friends. Bruce might actually be someone he could respect enough to accept a collar and, oh God, it’d been
Tony swallowed thickly and caught Steve’s eye.  He smiled.  Tony smiled back, then folded elegantly to his knees at Steve’s side.
“Yeah, no thanks. Never again. Your mechanical Easter bunny made my nephew cry and the kids only found
“Would you want to be there more?”  Bruce asked.  Bruce took out last night’s curried lentils and put them in the microwave oven.
Steve rolled onto his side and Tony curled up in his arms with a contented sigh. Steve stroked his hand up and down along Tony’s body, lingering tenderly over his marks as he murmured sweetly, “Love you . . . So good . . .so beautiful. . . .”
“Yeah. Just I didn’t think—“ She fumbled for a moment, then blinked. “Tony, he brings you sandwiches.”
“Steve, that’s . . . well, it’s incredibly sweet.  But I’ve never done this before and--”  Tony took another deep breath, held it for a moment, then exhaled slowly.  “The other night, I was really worried about you, Steve,” Tony said softly.  “When you started crying like that, I thought I’d fucked everything up and really hurt you.”
As Tony finished his first cup of coffee and Steve hastened to pour him another, that adoring stare was starting to get almost . . . uncomfortable. And it had an odd undercurrent that Tony couldn’t describe, but felt a bit . . . off.
“So,” Tony said in a low, seductive voice, stroking his hand down to Steve’s groin. “What are we going to do about this, hm?”
Veronica ran her thumb lightly across Tony’s wrist. The gesture went straight to his cock with a rush of happy memories. She leaned a little closer.
Soon, Tony was nearly done with his hot chocolate.  Steve held in a defeated sigh.  He stared at his hands.  (What’s wrong with you?  Why the hell are you suddenly so shy and fumbling, stupid?)  Tony set down his mug.
Plate after heaping plate of delicious food arrived.  Steve asked their server to describe each of the dishes twice, committing ingredients and foreign names to memory.  (Adorable.  Adorable!)  They ate with their fingers, their knees brushing under the table.
“Nah, we’re good, J.” Tony rolled his eyes again for good measure. “Gimmie some AC/DC—time to finish Nat’s uniform!”
“Uh?  Steve?”  Pepper was looking at him expectantly.  (Oh, right.  I should go.  You think I don’t belong here.)
respect that! But . . .” Steve shrugged. “You don’t see any reason not to, as I understand it and, well, I don’t
(Shit.  Did you not read about this stuff?  Huh.  That could explain a few things.  And cause problems. Ah, shit.)
“Damn it, Pepper! Just fucking tell me!” It was far from his usual roar, but it echoed in the blank, cold hospital room.
They’d had a surprisingly long, surprisingly pleasant chat about Tony’s art that morphed into a conversation about art in general--drinking their coffee, nibbling on breakfast, and trading lots of little kisses. (And Tony was
(Shit.  Yeah, throw food away in front of the guy who grew up poor in the Great Depression.  Awesome idea.)
, would it?  Steve had liked the dirty talk so far.  He’d said so! They’d actually talked about that.  (If by talked, one meant exchanged digital post-it notes…)  So, that wasn’t it. (Probably.)
Tony threaded his way through the fashionable crowd, skirting the now-busy dance floor. If Veronica Williams ever wanted to leave executive finance, she’d have no trouble starting a second career as a model. Tonight she had her braids down and was wearing her trademark stilettos to tower over the room; she was sporting a spotless white skirt tuxedo with red piping that matched her lipstick, her dark skin positively luminous, her brown eyes bright and lined with gold. (Gorgeous.) Tony hastened toward her and she welcomed him with a smile.
“Of course, sir.” Then a moment later. “I regret it is going to voicemail. Will you be leaving a message?”
“My pleasure, sir,” JARVIS said.  Tony took a deep breath and read over the familiar numbers once more.
Steve shook his head, then answered a little hesitantly, “Just trying to plan a date with Tony.”  He sighed.  “But it’s hard, ‘cause he’s—well, he’s
“Okay,” Steve answered softly, eyes downcast. Tony squeezed his shoulder. Steve reached out to grab Tony’s hand, looking up at him with wide blue eyes. “Thank you, Tony.”
“Thank you, Steve,” Pepper said, in the ‘warm but formal’ voice Tony thought of as ‘Nice CEO.’ “I look forward to getting to know you.”
Rogers looked around—everyone had gotten out of the SUV and stood in an awkward little clutch. “All right, team,” Cap said. “Shall we?”
Steve licked Tony’s cock, a firm, wet swipe of tongue that felt utterly luxurious.  He did it again, teasing Tony, then lightly caressed Tony’s balls.
Veronica was always a trendsetter: after her dance with Tony, he never went more than a few minutes without a dance partner or the offer of one. He generally said yes, since he actually liked dancing and had always been good at it. (After all, Howard and mom had started his ballroom lessons at age eight so he’d be a refined Dominant.)
Steve frowned.  (Did I--?)  Steve shrugged it off.  (I told him I love him no matter what.)  He called up memories of Tony: his eyes bright with lust and affection; the thickness in his voice as he gave orders; the way his eyes had lingered on Steve’s bound wrists.  (
.”  Steve shook his head.  “Though how anyone in our line of work can get that excited about movie explosions is beyond me.  Bruce and Natasha are voting against them for
“What are those vents for and—oh my God, those are spigots! And that chemical formula!? You—“ Tony was halfway between openmouthed gaping and good old fashioned yelling: “You want to build a containment unit and try to GAS the HULK?!?”
“Of course.” Steve twitched—(almost stood up?)—but he kept his butt planted in his seat and looked up at Tony with a smile.
Steve left SHIELD as fast as he could and hopped on his bike.  His heart was pounding and his palms were sweating.
“Yeah.  Thanks.  Oh!  And I want to write the note myself—I’ll leave it at the desk in the lobby of Stark Tower.”
Steve gave a rueful smile. “People weren't exactly lining up to dance with a Dom they might step on, you know.”
“Yeah, why not?” Tony said with a shrug. “Besides, the potatoes were making my hands all weird and starchy feeling. Could use a break.”
“Tony’s the wine expert,” Steve said with a little shrug, handing him the leather folder across the table. “Tony? What do you think?”
“Good.”  His voice sounded a little thick. “I want that too.  And I have a few ideas.  But first, have you picked a safeword yet?”
Ms. Potts pulled the large box into her arms and staggered a bit under the weight; Steve could hear glass clinking inside.
Tony had a habit of losing track of the days of the week, unless he had some pressing reason (and external force to help him) do so. But when he wandered into his—
Tony was trying to figure out what to say other than “that’s adorable,” when Steve pulled one out of the pile.
“No! No, don’t!” Bruce swallowed. “And don’t—don’t record a message. If you have to say something, say I am unavailable or unreachable. And block any future calls from . . . from Dr. Ross.”
“I’ve got a few more training sessions scheduled at SHIELD with some of the strike teams, showing them the retiarius move,” Steve said, opening up an old -fashioned leather-bound agenda.  “But other than that--” he shrugged, “—I guess things are starting to go back to normal.”
Dummy booped eagerly when Tony stepped into the workshop. As Tony turned to offer the team a final ‘good night,’ the elevator doors closed and Tony just caught a glimpse of Steve’s furrowed brow.
. If she’d joined the service, she’d outrank Rhodey for sure. Only question is if she’d be a four or a five star general.”
A moment later, Steve let out a little noise and grabbed at Tony’s hand again.  As Steve moved his mouth down Tony’s cock, he pressed Tony’s hand *hard* against his head, then as Steve slid back up, he curled his fingers around Tony’s to pull his hair as he moved.
“If you are unable to reach a mutually approved strategy, it would necessitate official arbitration,” Johnny said.
Rogers entire body went stiff for a moment. “Oh, hello, Mr. Stark.” He turned, gave Tony a polite nod, and went back to battering the most heavily reinforced punching bag on earth.
“Done!”  Tony chuckled.  “Would you look at that?  Miracles do happen—this was shockingly like a conversation and I haven’t had any coffee yet.”
“Maybe he just wants some time to himself,” Natasha said quietly, her expression perfectly neutral, that look that said,
“So,” Tony said, toying with his glass of shiraz once their pleasant chatter about the solarium, the Ahmadis, and the food had died down. (What did you think of my contract?)
“Cheers,” Tony replied and pretended to take a sip. Belford smiled again. Tony lowered his hand and discreetly dipped the test paper into his drink.
The ninjas were sitting on his vast leather couch, heads close together. Romanov was holding a glass of wine, Barton a beer.  Bruce was in the kitchen, stirring a huge pot with a thick wooden spoon, then bending down to check something in the oven.  Tony’s dinning room table, which he was pretty sure he’d
He hesitated. “Yes. Probably. Now that I’ve worked out all those hypos, hopefully I’ve predicted every data category that would be relevant, in which case the mini-orbiters collect new data and slot it into the hypotheticals to predict the necessary customized patch. I’d make the patch on the spot and add it to one of the closure devices I already made. Bam—closed portal.”
Rogers let out a bemused little laugh, then looked like he regretted it.  “Uh.”  And there he was, almost fidgeting again.
is serious business. JARVIS? Roll the next episode on the list. And order us some brunch, would ya?”
“Fine.” Tony picked up his pizza. “I’ll play around with it for you. With you. But the plan stays in place.”
“Damn straight,” Rhodey laughed and nodded. He turned to Steve. “It’s true. She’s braver than I am. She taught biology to hordes of teenagers and kept the little monsters in line.”
Tony poked him in the ribs, making him jump. Tony grinned. “Don’t be like that, buttercup! I’m looking forward to Big Green!”
Tony glanced up; his reflection in the window was smiling, his soft muted smile, private and pleased, not his smirk or paparazzi grin. His cheeks heated. Tony glared at the floor and got to his feet.
Tony glanced over and found Clint giving them a strange look. Tony raised his eyebrow and Clint looked away abruptly.
“Got twenty-four little babies over there,” Tony said, gesturing to the skeleton portal devices and their tidy row of modified StarkPhone detectors and calibrators.  He took a long satisfying sip of coffee.  “And I’ve got some training robots that should be ready for our practices soon.  JARVIS can pilot them for us.”
at Tony, running his eyes up and down the armor, glancing away, then back again.  Uneasy, Tony flipped his face plate down.
“So, the mighty spreadsheet,” Tony intoned solemnly flipping the StarkTab on.  “You can take your time and think about it as much as you want.  If you have questions about something, you can look it up on wikipedia, ask me, or write me a note.  Oh! And I added a column for ‘unsure,’ since it’s not like I expect you to have everything you want all figured out immediately or anything.”  He handed Steve the stylus.  “You can use this to add a post-it and, when I tap the little footnote it makes, I can read what you wrote.  See?”
“By going through it?” Bruce snapped. “It’s crazy! You don’t know that the conditions on that side can sustain you, even in the suit!”
“But,” Tony continued softly, “I feel like I owe you a better time. It doesn’t have to be like last time. I could make it so
“No.”  Tony had enough trouble wrapping his head around Rogers without dragging dear old daddy into the equation.  That would just mess with his calculations.
Steve blushed bright red.  (Shit, shit! She’ll know!  But, wait, that’s okay.  We’re not hiding.  I’m not ashamed.  Did Tony tell her already?  No, clearly not.  Why not?  Is--)
Steve shrugged and looked away. After a few long moments, he said, “It’s November 19th."  There was a long pause, but Tony didn’t press. (His heart was racing.) Steve swallowed, then cleared his throat, and added softly, “Today. It’s Bucky’s birthday, my best friend. He’d a been 29. In 1942, anyway.”
Tony hummed and pressed back against Steve’s talented fingers. (Mmmm…) Long breaths in and out. (Besides, Steve had seen him kneeling to relax with Pepper, so he knew in theory Tony liked it.)
Steve’s breath hitched again. He pressed a kiss—hard and urgent—to Tony’s lips and his fingers clenched down on Tony’s arms. When Tony’s lips parted with a little gasp, Steve’s tongue pressed in, hot and heavy. (Yes!) Tony met him, stroke for stroke, returning every caress. Steve ran his hands up and down Tony’s back, his hips, his shoulders, as they kissed and kissed. Tony’s cheeks were scalding.
“A kiss like that?” Steve asked as he straightened once more. There was something boyish and playful dancing in his eyes and lingering in his voice. Tony was delighted.
“I wasn’t!  I take motorcycle safety very seriously.”  Steve grinned at Tony and gave him his most earnest look: “Besides—you know how law abiding I am in every respect.”
Tony released his grip and Rogers vaulted off to land squarely on what would have been the ogre’s back.  He made a stabbing motion with the SHIELD and JARVIS killed its lights.
When Tony arrived in the gym, he froze at the sight that met his eyes: Steve, Clint, and Natasha were training.  No, not training.
Thanks for reading!  I was eager to share more of this story with you! Comments are cherished and inspiring! If you had a favorite bit in this chapter I'd love to hear it!
. . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
The fully actualized, mini-spectrometer was a gloriously satisfying sight, not least of all since it meant he and Bruce could get the fuck out of SHIELD.  Tony had no reason to stay, and plenty of reasons to go. And once Tony made a decision, he liked to follow though, often abruptly. And loudly.
Rhodey rolled his eyes. “There is no crown. Tony's just being a dick. Wants to know information he's not cleared for.”
Without all of you this story would have died years ago.  I'm so grateful to still be writing it and to still have you reading it.  :)
There was something wet on Tony’s shoulder.  Tony realized with a jolt that Steve wasn’t just trembling, he was
Tony gave him a shrug and a grin.  “What can I say?  Nobody gets my tech.  Now tell me why you’re trying to hold Bruce hostage.”
Tony shook his head. “What is this shit? Captain America lying to the press? I thought you were like honest Abe. Or maybe biologically incapable of lying or something.”
“They’re for you and I wanted to offer them to you tonight.  I’d like to see you in them.  I’d like to cuff you to the headboard, but we don’t have to do that now.  We have lots of time.”  He caressed Steve’s cheek, looking down at him with an expression so tender Steve thought his heart might burst.  (Not really . . . ridiculous, but that’s what it feels like . . . oh fuck, Tony. . . )
been looking forward to meeting you,” she said to Steve, making big doe eyes at him and leaning forward to show off her cleavage.  She batted at him and said with a pout, “But now it looks like you’re off the market!”
Steve’s breath hitched and his heart stuttered at the words.  He nodded, looking up at Tony and trying to beg with his eyes.  He opened his mouth wide.  “Yeah, fuck!” Tony swore and guided Steve onto his cock.  (Oh god, hot and heavy on his tongue . . . so full . . . )  Steve sucked eagerly.  Tony began to move Steve’s head and thrust shallowly into his mouth.  Steve relaxed into it, letting Tony move him as he pleased.  Steve slid Tony’s trousers down his hips to fondle Tony’s balls.  (Remember, firm.  But not too firm.)  When Tony thrust into his mouth, it made a wet noise, filthy and sloppy, that made Steve’s cock jerk.
The men in the movie didn’t seem like such great fellas in most ways, quite frankly, but it was still pretty funny.  Tony sure seemed to be enjoying it.  Steve could feel Tony glancing over at him when he thought Steve wouldn’t notice, checking like he always did to make sure that Steve liked it too.  And, just like always, Steve pretended not to notice him doing it, and then laughed a little louder at the funny bits.
She blinked. “Thank you!” she said, a little too loud. Then she seemed to gather herself. “Thank you, sir. And thank you for choosing Piacci Pizzaria this evening. Have a good night.”
"An untouched young omega is by any standard a princely gift," Fury said, pulling out a chair and straddling it indecorously. "That's good, sure.  Important.  We need someone with the brains to stay on the prince's good side, to keep him favorably disposed towards our little nation and her interests."
“I had nearly every poem in that anthology memorized at one point,” Steve said, less bragging and more nostalgic.
Steve nearly rolled his eyes.  As if that mattered under the circumstances.  He'd be lying back and thinking of Eire either way...
Thanksgiving, but at the thought of having his favorite people together with him in his home. It had been far too long since he’d seen Mrs. Rhodes and he almost never got to spend time with Pepper and Rhodey at once. He wasn’t ecstatic about having some new person—
“Yeah,” Tony said, then added a little wryly, “though it meant I didn’t get Italian food very often.” Tony shook himself.
“And a wild boy like you must have certain . . . needs, after all,” she said with a smirk. Tony took a sharp breath; his guts clenched.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
.’ He led me into the loft of the barn where he showed me a large wooden crate. He told me to open it ‘
“Is King Steven really seven feet tall?” Tony’s page, Peter, asked nearly bouncing with excitement.  “Can he really bend a sword in two with his bare hands? Did he really kill the dragon with nothing but a shield!?”
--Dominant’s notch was almost completely gone.  And now that Tony thought about it, his voice was higher too.
“Of course.”  Steve looked into Tony’s eyes as he pinned it in place.  Tony nearly shivered. It felt
marks on him (or several somebodies’). It was becoming a depressingly rare pleasure to have those little reminders scattering his skin. And an even rarer pleasure to feel so unambiguously happy by them.
The spies arrived in the afternoon.  Tony’d given them an uneventful tour of their new spaces—Barton’s sleek and modern, Romanov’s old-world refinement—and then had taken them up to get the JARVIS talk with Rogers.  The Captain seemed pleased to see them and Clint soon dragged him off for a demonstration of the gaming console.
Steve reached out and took Tony’s hand, twined their fingers together, then kissed Tony’s knuckles. He smiled softly, the sweet intimate smile Tony doubted other people had ever seen. “I won’t be . . . I don’t want to be
“Dunno.” Tony shrugged. “Not being an orientationist piece of shit myself, I find it pretty hard to imagine the mindset.” He said it jokingly, but Rogers didn’t crack a smile.
“Come on, baby,” Tony said, rubbing little circles at Steve’s entrance.  “You have to breathe, remember?”
Rogers looked surprised. “I thought you were too busy with the energy readings.” He hesitated a moment, then added, “Uh, it wasn’t just you, you know. Bruce isn’t either. I mean, he’s busy with scientific things too. I didn’t . . . not because, uh--”
“Well, the best way to help is probably just to leave you to your work.”  He smiled at Tony, that soft gentle smile.  “Good luck, Mr. Stark.”  He bowed, then walked away, seeming almost pleased.
Tony rolled his shoulders, feeling pretty good despite sleeping slumped over on the couch. (He’d only had one glass, after all.) He glanced down at his wrists; his marks were so faded they were nearly invisible. Soon the ones on his back would disappear too, as if they’d never been there. It was reassuring—a clean slate—but somehow disappointing too. There’d been a time when Tony hadn’t passed a day without
It didn't work of course.  Tony could still hear Captain fucking America's voice on loop in his head and it was stupid, really.  He hadn't been expecting anything from him, nothing good anyway.  He was the Dom of Doms, the most manly man of all, the living breathing embodiment of everything Howard Stark's son should have been but wasn't.  Tony knew he'd be an asshole, but in that moral, perfect, upstanding way that everybody else loved.  Big smiling emblem of the hetero-orientationally normative.
With forced calm—slow, deliberate motions—he left. He could hear Steve saying something, but he just needed to get out of there, get out of there
From the corner of his eye, Tony could see Rogers' face tighten up; it looked like he'd swallowed something unpleasant.
“We’ll have to clean these,” she said briskly, looking at the cuts in Stark’s hands, the little shards of glass embedded in his palms.
Hope you liked it!  Sorry short chapter was short, but I hated to make you wait... And sorry for the terrible glitch in formatting earlier.  Thank you all for your extreme kindness and generosity!  I'm honored to share this story with you.
“You’re so good,” Steve said softy, padding back into the bathroom, “so beautiful, kneeling for me like that.”
“Sorry,” Steve said with a rueful smile.  He put his hands in his pockets. “I didn’t mean to interrupt you, but I thought you might have skipped dinner, so I wanted to ask if you’d like me to bring you something.”
Fury nodded. “Yes.  After careful consideration, we’d like to offer you a place on the team, Dr. Banner. We think that we’ll be able to help you find ways to control your impulses and eventually remain in full command during transformation.  Is that of interest to you?”
Rogers smiled.  “Really, it’s all Dr. Banner’s doing.”  He reached out for a piece of naan and passed the basket to Tony.
“You bet,” Tony said publically, then added to Steve alone, “Never expected to demonstrate the Hug and Fly for an extraterrestrial.”
On the way to the gala, Tony ran back through the notes of all the important people who would be there. Who were the top donors. Who had political power. Who to avoid. All pretty basic stuff. Natasha and Clint seemed bored—no doubt they already knew it all—while Bruce and Rogers seemed to vacillate between finding the info-dump reassuring and panic inducing.
From the far end of the hall, Tony could hear JARVIS speaking softly, but couldn’t make out the words; his soothing voice was punctuated by louder, clearer exclamations from the Captain:
,” Steve gasped. He flipped them over and pinned Tony’s wrists with one huge hand, pressing him down into the mattress with his entire body. He kissed Tony passionately, his tongue fucking into Tony’s pliant mouth.
Tony hadn’t meant to say anything but suddenly the words were pouring out of his mouth. Tony turned and Steve answered with a solemn nod.
Tony forced himself to stay still and let Pepper go back to stroking his hair, but it was hard.  Tony wanted to get up and go back to his workshop, but he hated to admit that Rogers had the power to ruin such a perfect moment.  Pepper-- wise, wonderful Pepper-- just stroked his hair and didn't say anything.
"Don't be so dramatic," Phillips said with a little huff.  "There's no slavery in Manottan any more than in Eire.  Not for centuries.  And the royal concubines of Manottan are held in high esteem."
Feeling numb, Steve shook his head. (That’s the right response, isn’t it? I don’t even know.) There was a little beep from the freezer and Rhodes turned to open it.
“Oh, well--” Steve looked sad. “I got sick. Really bad, for weeks. Eventually, they had to replace me.”
The blue overhead started to go green-ish violet, like a tornado sky, then began sputtering and crackling like a tv tuned to static. The hair on the back of Tony’s neck stood up.
And then Steve was moving him, moving against him, so every motion rubbed Tony’s cock, trapped and leaking between them.
“Got all dressed up to gaze at the tree alone in the dark, did you?” Tony asked with a raised eyebrow.
Steve barely suppressed a gasp of indignation-- (You-- you-- How? You--!)-- until Pepper continued with a loud sigh, “But that would be a bit rich coming from
Tony glanced at his watch, grateful that the mingling cocktail hour was almost over.  Soon they’d all take their places for dinner--he’d chosen his table with care--and then there would be dancing (and more mingling) and then at last they could go home.  He’d underestimated how much he’d hate making small talk with strangers and acquaintances on his first Valentine’s day with Steve.
The Muse has been a little difficult lately, so musings (heh), questions, and curiosity are extra encouraged and appreciated.  Thanks and more thanks.  <3 <3 <3
“Pardon me, Sir. Captain,” JARVIS began. Steve yanked away from Tony, looking embarrassed—as if they’d been walked in on. (Well, in a sense. Hm. Better update JARVIS’s bedroom etiquette for Steve.)
It was quite some time before Steve collected himself enough to go home, envelope secure in his inner breast pocket, right above his too-rapidly beating heart.
“Mr. Stark,” Katie Winters said, walking into his hospital room at a slower clip than her usual long-legged stride. (A nod towards the solemnity of the occasion, no doubt.) “How are you feeling?”
Steve shrugged and glanced away.  He gave another little shudder and Tony felt a jolt of worry.  (Top drop?)  Tony climbed into his lap so Steve could fold him in his arms.
“Does it even run!?” Tony repeated, sputtering with mock offense. “Would I give you a decorative motorcycle? Of course she runs! And, not that she wasn’t a great little bike back in the day, but a genius engineer can definitely teach an old dog new tricks. Wanna take her for a spin? State of the art tech in old fashioned style.”
“Tony! Don’t be absurd. I was just concerned. And a little surprised you didn’t call.” A pause, then she said rather primly, “I’m glad you got to talk to Rhodey about your date.”
Infinite thanks to all the usual suspects.  Y'all know who you are, you generous comment leaving lovelies!  (((hugs)))
Steve shrugged.  “Fine.  I’ve been running some training modules with Clint and Natasha.  If you can spare time from inventing, we should really start going through them as a team.  Get on a regular training regimen again now that Clint and Natasha are cleared for duty.”
“You’re right,” Tony said quietly.  “It’s not ok.  I shouldn’t do that to you.  And I shouldn’t have said what I did.”  Looking up at Steve, Tony felt a sharp stab of guilt that made his eyes prickle.
Tony blinked and shook his head, ashamed he’d misjudged. Rhodey wasn’t after some juicy story from Captain America—he was worried about his new friend.
“Yeah.  Smarter than me sometimes.”  Tony shuffled and bit his lip; on anyone other than Tony Stark it would look like ‘awkward’ or maybe ‘nervous.’
“Maybe?  I don’t know,” Steve said softly.  “I’m not actually sure I came out of it before I fell asleep.  I still, kinda, had the swimming feeling while I was, um . . . but I—“  Steve cut himself off and let out a frustrated little noise.  “It’s hard to put in words.”
“Hands behind your back,” Tony said, voice firm and strong, ringing across the workshop.  Steve’s cock jumped and he hurried to comply.  Without breaking eye contact, Tony unlaced his shoes, slowly, then removed them.  He leaned forward, elbows on his knees, hands steepled, giving Steve an intense look.  Steve didn’t move.
“Pretty soon Father Gabe had given Bucky special permission to come visit me every day after school and bring over my assignments. It was--” Steve’s voice went rough and Tony thought he saw tears shining in Steve’s eyes before he turned his head. “It was a good thing he did for two sad little boys, one so angry and the other so lonely he--”
Rogers and the ninjas were already in the kitchen when they arrived, but at least nobody had set the table.
“Good to see you, Tony,” Steve said, trying to keep his voice casual and friendly. He forced a smile. “I was starting to wonder when I might run into you.”
"Do you still think about it?" Tony asked, leaning closer. Ms. Potts had bandaged his hands and he reeked of scotch and antiseptic, but under it was a faint hint of lavender and sandalwood. She must have bathed him.
Tony leapt out of his chair and raised his left index finger to his lips while waving frantically with his right hand. Bruce looked at him like he’d gone insane. Tony gestured to his lab couch.
p.s.  As I mentioned on tumblr (https://ms-meredith-milton.tumblr.com/post/631178760005337088/meredith-irl-things-suck), things IRL are pretty sad for me at the moment, so please no negative comments or even concrit.  Writing and sharing this story is my happy distraction from The Bad Things.  Thank you!
“Hmm?” Tony hit ‘save.’ “No. Finished those. If those fuckers come back, we’ll be ready to shut the portal in a matter of minutes. By remote control. No, this is the suit.”
“Hey, Cap?”  Tony’s tone was so casual it had to be calculated.  “You busy tomorrow?  Or, I guess I mean today since it’s after midnight.”
“. . . in order. All right,” Fury said, getting to his feet with a nod. “If you’ve nothing further to report?”
He should probably go to bed and try to get some sleep, but he was feeling kind of wound up for that. Maybe lifting some weights or going for a run would help work off the tension. (And the pizza . . .) Besides, working up a sweat might help him sleep, and was undoubtedly better for him than more scotch. (Again—see, Pep? Healthy choices!)
Sorry for the long wait and that it's such a short chapter!  The next scene was getting really long and I was getting stuck, so I decided to go ahead and post what I had to get a little bit of wind in my sails.  Your enthusiasm always inspires me!  Life has been crazy busy, but here's hoping I'm back to a place where writing can be a regular reality.
“The bet! Did you know about the bet?” Cap demanded, stalking closer. “Damn it, Barton, is that why you assumed the worst of me with Tony? You think I’m that kind of Dom because you knew about it?”
—but it was all in his head and her look was actually just friendly interest.  Maybe.  Probably.  He hoped.
“Nevermind, J! Only book the places that have private rooms. And arrange for us to come in though a more discreet entrance if possible. Let me know what they’ve got.”
“And since when do you care about being late anyway,” Clint mumbled to Tony around his bagel. Tony just rolled his eyes.
In the elevator on the way up to the common room, Tony braced himself.  Being summoned to a meeting with Rogers felt a lot like hearing a Dom say, “
(Oh fuck! Fuck, Steve was actually— He was really--) Steve gave a firm, deliberate suck to his cockhead and Tony lost his train of thought.
Tony shook his head and tried to focus.  He could reread the para-aramid stats while he ate, then play with some cellular diagrams.  Maybe he could have a prototype within the week.
justified his presence on the team.) Hell, that was part of why he’d suggested Rogers get out of the limo last. (Poor kid. He’d been only too happy to delay the inevitable.)
I was hoping to find time to make more image manipulations for this chapter but (a) they take me a super long time (b) AO3's image description function hasn't been working for me, so even if I made them, they'd be inaccessible to those using screen readers without an image description anyway.  So I made life easier for myself by not taking time to do manips.  If somebody wants to make the images for me--somebody better at photoshop!--I'd be happy!  But I didn't want to hold up the chapter any longer than it has been already.
don’t get to come up with insulting Captain Nicknames—that’s my thing,” but what he really wanted to do was get away and not need to say anything.
Tears were pooling in Tony’s eyes. (Why? What the fuck? What’s the matter with you? Nothing to cry about, stupid.)
Steve grinned. “Of course you were.” It sounded fond, rather than mocking and something about it left Tony feeling flatfooted.
Tony shivered and licked his lips again. His stomach gave a little flop.  His heart was racing, a confused jumble of anticipation and anxiety.
Rogers turned away.  “They’re your eggs, Mr. Stark.  You can do whatever you want with them.”  He picked up the scrub brush.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Steve nearly snorted. Sounded like every artist ever. And this one was a rich industrialist to boot? He’d probably be a terror. But Steve could handle that. He’d handled worse.
They hadn’t done anything new in bed, but Tony had curled up with him almost every night, even when they didn’t go to bed together.  Waking up with Tony in the mornings left Steve feeling warm and contented—he liked to dwell on the way Tony’s arms felt around him, the way he sighed and murmured and wiggled closer even sound asleep. (And he’s willing to be big spoon!)  It was wonderful.  And, though they hadn’t tried anything new, what they’d done had been . . . (Ha! Not blushing! ) Well, it had been really really good.  (It’s called “frottage” apparently, that thing we’ve been doing.)  And Steve was getting better at blow jobs, or at least he was thought he was.  (Stupid gag reflex. . . ) Steve was pretty sure he’d made some progress already, even though Tony hadn’t actually gotten him any
.)Steve felt an answering jolt of arousal and a deeper warmth of reassurance.  (It’s good.  Everything’s fine. . .)
/\                               /\                              /\                                /\
Rogers was there.  He sat hunched over and alone at the kitchen counter, surrounded at by the detritus of everyone’s breakfast.  Even with Rogers back turned to him, Tony could tell Rogers’ face was buried in his hands. Tony paused with a frown, the anxieties of breakfast momentarily forgotten.
“Mmm… I would climb that man like a tree! Those shoulders! That jaw. Those arms!” Jackie whistled. “Jesus. He is sex on a stick. How can you stand it? How have you not thrown yourself at him yet? I doubt I’d last five minutes.”
had stuff to work on.  Most importantly, there was his suit and all the upgrades and maintenance for the Avenger’s gear.  There were the few contracts he’d still take from the government—emergency evacuation vehicles and things like that. And then R&D at Stark Industries could use always his help, even outside a crisis.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“You okay, babe?” Tony asked softly. Steve jolted, obviously surprised. He let out a long sigh and scrubbed a fist across his face.
Tony wanted to twitch and fidget in the elevator.  He wished he’d worn a suit so that he could adjust the cufflinks or something; instead he pulled the hood up a little higher across the back of his neck and shoved his hands into the front pockets.  He could practically feel Rogers’ curious, uneasy little glances.  It sucked.  Tony charged out of the elevator.
Steve’s dick was just as beautiful as Tony’d been picturing, big but not monstrous, uncut and leaking. Tony lapped at the head for just a moment before sliding his mouth down Steve’s full length.
He wondered if he should get up, but hated the idea of leaving Steve to wake up alone. No, he’d just . . .
When Tony came it was with more of a sigh than a gasp and he seemed to melt down into Steve’s body.  Steve held him tight and turned his head to kiss Tony’s forehead.  He ran his fingers through Tony’s hair and caressed the back of his neck.
Rogers looked up at Tony, expression sad.  “I was only twelve; I wouldn’t present for two more years. And, like I said, I was so small, everyone assumed—I mean, I did too.”  Rogers fell silent for a moment, then said softly: “My mother prayed for Mary Jacobs.  She prayed for me too.”
Rhodey raised an eyebrow. “She’s got a list of 'things'.” Rhodey paused. “The list starts in the eighties. So, care to be more specific?”
Tony turned.  The Dom smiling down at him could have walked straight out of central casting: Interchangeably Handsome Square-jawed White Dude Hero.  (I mean,
“Anyhow,” Rhodey continued apologetically, “it all turned out ok for us in the end, right?” He cleared his throat. “It sounds like you’re doing just fine with Steve.”
Tony cut Rogers off by grabbing his sleeve and pulling him towards the elevator. “Come on! The longer you hesitate the more movie we’re missing.
It was hard to believe that seeing the Hulk burst out of Bruce’s little body was getting to be familiar, almost to the point of routine. Then again, he’d stopped screaming with anguished rage when he arrived and now let out something closer to a grummpy cat’s yowl, so maybe that was part of it seeming less disturbing. He’d also stopped trying to destroy Tony. Probably.
In the dim light of Tony’s bedroom, they fell silent, exchanging reassuring, inquisitive  little touches, affectionate but not erotic.  Tony’s hands were calloused from working in his lab; Steve savored the feeling of the little rough spots scratching across his skin.  (So perfect . . . so good for me. . . )  Steve felt a wave of guilt.
Rhodes rolled his eyes and let out a little snort, but Tony was warming to the theme. He poked Rhodes in the chest, then gasped and drew back with wide-eyed horror.
“Don’t sound so surprised, mister!” Tony said, tapping Steve’s chest with hyperbolic indignation. “I said I’d made a breakthrough.”
Steve was clutching at his ‘cup of Joe’ like a dragon with its hoard. (Or, like Tony with a cup of coffee.)
.I know you do,” Pepper said.  He could tell from her voice that she was smiling.  “And you know what I mean.”
Steve played with positions, shifting about, trying to find out which angle was easiest for him to take, pushing against his throat just slightly. Choke, wait, repeat. New angle. (“So hard working, baby . . . Good boy.”) Choke, wait, repeat. New angle. There were tears rising in Steve’s eyes. He spread his legs wider, feeling exposed even alone. Exposed and wanting more. His balls were heavy between his legs, his cock an aching pressure.
There's some challenging and angsty material in this chapter!  Please consult the warnings if you have concerns; look after your well being.  Decode warnings at rot13.com: vzcresrpg pbafrag / ryrzragf bs fvghngvbany qhopba; vagreanyvmrq fyhg funzvat
“Sorry, honeybunch. But don’t worry about me! Honestly, I’ll probably be down in the workshop and forget the date. Besides,” Tony added impishly, “you know I’m a godless heathen.”
The Captain was looking down at Tony, eyes bright as he said, “I’ve heard so much about you.  It’s a real pleasure to meet you.”
JARVIS was reading to him when he woke up, like he always did on Tony’s solo, post-scene mornings.  Usually it was fine.  JARVIS was better than a stranger, even a corporeal one.  When Tony woke up though—still half under—he’d had seven voicemails from Obie marked ‘urgent.’  He listened to them.
As they approached the tentacle rope creature it started turning red and gold. They got close enough to be
with Spock. (Tony felt smug on her behalf.) Steve chuckled; Tony smiled, pressed a kiss to Steve’s knee, and kept kneading his arches.
When Tony looked up he found Steve looking down at him with a smile, not even watching his feet as he moved.
“Here,” Steve said, sitting down next to Tony on the couch and holding out a cup. “Better have some more water.”
“It’s hard to find someone who has a practical knowledge of finance, but also has expertise in math or science,” Tony explained. “You’d be perfect! And I know how much you miss spending time with math and mathematicians; it would be a great way for you to stay in touch with developments in the field and meet inspiring young scholars.”
“Shhhh,” Tony said, touching his furrowed brow with a light fingertip.  “This time take less water.  Then open your mouth again and let it trickle down the back of your throat.  Concentrate on the feeling.”
“This isn’t about us,” Steve said. Tony raised an eyebrow.  “I mean, it sort of is--but we’re still teammates.  We have to work together in the field.  All of us.  We have to communicate.”
Steve stood and offered Tony his hand with a subtle little bow.  Tony smiled and let himself be led into the ballroom. His heart started to beat a little faster.
Tony checked himself over one last time. His marks were all properly covered, his hair clean but damp, and his goatee in need of tidying, but he was
“I just wanted to make sure,” Steve began, then ran his tongue across his lips and swallowed.  “That we’re still--”
Tony seemed half-asleep already. Steve loved it when Tony was boneless and spent with pleasure, sprawling luxuriously in bed, but this deep exhaustion was a sad shadow of that happy fatigue. Tony turned towards the bed, but Steve led him to the bathroom instead and started to run the tub.
Thirty glowing schematics sprang to life displaying fifteen thousand dollar cuff links from Tiffany’s, a minor Picasso on auction at Christie’s, a Cartier pocket watch with a compass, and an array of other extravagances. Steve blinked at them in confusion, looking a little overwhelmed as Tony rushed on.
“Sure, I hate it from a coworker, or at SHIELD—” Tony said with a shrug, “—but this is a date and I just gave you permission. So.”
“Dummy, no,” Tony scolded. “Do I look like I want to play ball right now?” Tony took another long swallow as Dummy let out a low bee-boop and started to roll away.
“Very well, sir,” JARVIS said. “Might I remind you that such reservations are notoriously hard to get?”
“No! I, um, I'll be fine, I'm sure,” Steve said hastily. (Oh God, so embarrassing. This stuff is probably what Bruce and Tony did for fun as toddlers...) He swallowed. (Don't be proud, Rogers. He's being nice.) “But, well, if I run into trouble, I'll let you know.”
Tony zoomed his vision to examine the portal’s opening, but Steve was already answering: “Not quite. I think they’re lowering a rope!”
(“I’m sorry.  I’m sure you’re lovely, ma’am, but I’m gay and I have a boyfriend.  I’m desperately, hopelessly in love with him, so even if I weren’t totally gay, gay,
Widow’s uniform was in surprisingly good shape, but Cap’s was a mess.  The worst damage was a wide gash across his stomach, but there were sizable cuts across his right shoulder and left thigh as well.  Tony glared.  Rhodey’d reported that Cap insisted the serum had it covered and never saw a doctor, but with gouges in the uniform like that and the amount of brown caked to it that
. ‘Cause I’m an archer, right? Cool. I get it. And I do really like comics, like we were talking about. Thanks, Tony.” Clint smiled, but it seemed a little sad. “Like I said, I used to try and collect
In fact, both Clint and Natasha looked actively bored.  (Was Clint still looking at pictures of Johnny’s kids?  Seriously? And from his current angle it looked an awful lot like Natasha was doing Cat’s Cradle under the table.) For a moment their indifference almost made Tony angrier until he remembered what Clint had said at lunch about SHIELD’s ‘bad cop, good cop’ routine.  Tony took a deep breath.
“The first two look to me like failed attempts,” Bruce said, “that culminated in the third and the attack. But the new ones . . .” He shrugged. “I hate to speculate, but they seem more
They’d had a luxurious bath, which Tony’d enhanced with a virtuoso blowjob for Steve (despite his own inability to rise to the occasion so soon after their previous exertions). Steve had washed his hair and didn’t let a drop of water touch his face. Tony’s chest swelled with tenderness for his beautiful Dom.
When Tony turned, he found himself looking up at another Hollywood handsome doppelganger. Like what’s his name. That Agent.
“Just—I like an enemy I can understand,” Steve said. “Things I can study and master and then develop a strategy to defeat. This makes me feel . . . useless.”
Shit’s about to get real in my bill-paying career (aka insanely high-stress and sleep-deprived-making)...  Extra cheer-leading is extra appreciated for the next couple of months!  (Like, maybe, if there's a little detail you especially liked in this chapter....?)  I'm hoping I can keep on my 3-4 week posting "schedule", but that may be overly optimistic. I promise I’ll let you know if I'm vanishing for more than a month at a time, though, and I'll give you an expected return date.
Steve was making pancakes.  Blueberry pancakes, this time.  The sausages were in the oven to keep warm, nestled beside the hash browns. There wasn’t much Steve could do to help with Stark Industries (okay, fine—
But he hadn’t been humiliated by the modeling at all.  The students had been courteous, though distant, and as Steve sat on the raised platform, above them, he’d been their muse.  Steve was the center of their devoted concentration, at once a person and an object, as the Master walked around the room commenting on someone’s shading across the curve of Steve’s ribs, or how to capture the jut of his hipbone, or the right pigments to convey the fading bruises on his cheek and arm (remnants of Steve’s last scrape).
"Do you think about the way I clenched down around your cock? About slamming me into the wall, pinning me there, helpless?"
Bruce nodded, reaching for another unlabeled jar of red-orange spices. The whole kitchen smelled like-- well, Steve didn't really know what it smelled like. Curry of some sort. A year ago he'd have thought it smelled “foreign,” now it just smelled like “Bruce” and “home” or possibly “Thursdays.”
Steve’s rope was thick and soft, a luxurious jet-black that would make a vivid contrast against Tony’s skin. He took one of Tony’s wrists in a large hand and, with a frown of intense concentration, set two fingers against Tony’s pulse and laid out the bight.
The elevator doors opened on Steve standing awkwardly in his entryway in a white undershirt and sweatpants. His eyes flicked up to Tony, then skittered away.
“Just, I know people get low at the holidays and, it’s rough for Steve here.” Tony hesitated a moment before saying quietly, “He has nightmares too. About the war. The crash. SHIELD gave him some useless therapist immediately post-defrost, but he didn’t go back once he was cleared for duty. I got him an appointment with Dr. Jefferson.”
Tony laughed.  “It’s fine.  Really, it’s good that we’re talking.”  Steve reached out to take Tony’s hand.  Tony bit his lip.  “And, I want to tell you something.  I— Just wait.  I need a minute to think.”
(And, sure, visiting with a scant thirty-seconds of warning probably counted as dropping by unannounced, but whatever.)
Dinner was actually lovely.  Not the romantic tete-a-tete Tony might have chosen for his first V-day with Steve, but still really nice.  He’d assembled the table carefully: he and Steve were sitting with Pepper, the Macmillians, and Sam Deetz and Rebecca Martinez.
Tony flashed her a smile. “Definitely.” Then he continued seriously, “Come on, Pep! Feel how light this is! I’ll even model the design on Wonder Woman for you—you’ll hardly notice you’re wearing it. Hell, it’ll be so fucking sexy and awesome you’ll wanna do your scenes in it!”
Tony rolled his hips up against Steve’s; he was achingly hard now and could feel the blush spreading down his chest.
Tony made the rounds diligently. He could see Pepper in a glorious green satin gown across the room, but it was still too early to retreat to the delightful and familiar. Tony was considering giving in to the impulse anyway when a handsome man approached him with a wide smile. (Five seconds alone and this is what happened.) At least he was easy on the eyes—a little under six foot, not quite as muscular as Cap but still
“My tux is a mess and you’ve got a split lip and a bloody nose,” Tony continued, reaching up to touch Steve’s face gently as if he had the injuries. “I give you my thanks and my handkerchief. You don’t recognize me and I just introduce myself as ‘Tony.’ I’m only half joking when I offer you the hero’s traditional reward, but your ears turn pink and you sputter that I don’t owe you anything, you just wanted to help, and that’s it—I’m gone. You’re cute and brave, but not macho or anything, just
I just hope that when the break-up comes--and it will, mark my words--it doesn’t rip the Avengers in two.
“Please, I insist,” Steve said, gesturing again to the spot on the couch. Tony shook his head, and Steve suggested, “Or I can run down and get one of the armchairs from my suite. It’s no trouble. I’ll be right b—“
“Are you kidding?” Tony asked with a grin. “I hear you saved my life, but, seriously, if I can’t get out of here soon—or get on the fucking internet—I’m not so sure you did me any favors!”
Steve took the stairs down to his floor as fast as he could, slammed the door and slumped back against it. He was making these horrible gasping noises, like he had asthma again. Steve slid to the floor and pulled his knees up to his chest. His cheeks were wet. He shivered.
Tony sauntering into the gym where Cap was running one of JARVIS’ simulated obstacle courses then stopped in his tracks. Tony’d read some absurdly poetic sports coverage in his time, the kind that claimed Roger Federer was ‘poetry in motion on the court’ and all that crap, but as he watched Steve leap, spin, and dodge, Tony thought for the first time it finally made sense. (Gorgeous.)
Tony laughed.  “Okay, fine.  I get it.  Teamwork! Social justice! Idealism! Right up your alley.”  Tony took a bite of breadstick.  “Guess I can’t argue with that.”
As it turned out, Tony knew more about his art collection than he realized--though clearly not as much as Steve thought he should--and that he was more invested in it than he realized.  (Emotionally, that is, not financially--he always knew how financially invested in it he was. Monet’s weren’t cheap.) He’d also forgotten just how many of his pieces were at Pepper’s, something that had seemed to make Steve happy. And he didn’t admit that he’d bought his first Picasso just to piss of Justin Hammer.
woman things-- or being a woman's bad or anything! (Oh geeze.) Steve shook his head and tried not to sigh.
“Right,” Tony said, curtly, “got it.”  Rogers stopped smiling but his eyes were still so big and wide.  He had this confused ‘barely smart enough to breathe’ look on his face.  Tony’s phone let out a soft ‘ping!’ (Good timing, JARVIS.)
somehow, but Tony couldn’t figure it out.  Tony took a sip of his wine.   “I know he’s Captain America.”  She said it like the idea weighed heavily on her.  Like that should mean something to Tony beyond the obvious.
“Okay, put your left hand on my shoulder, and I take your right hand, like this,” Tony said. He put his left hand at the small of Steve’s back, drawing them together.
Thanks for reading and sorry for the long wait!  Hope you liked it.  The Conversation will be in the next chapter.  ;-)
“Good. Great. Awesome.”  Tony seized the coffee and burned his tongue, but didn’t care.  It was seriously evil not to have a coffee maker down here for them.
(I know.  I should have let you be here.  I meant to be done.  I couldn’t.  I panicked.  I’m sorry I’m late.  I--)
“Do you need me to chop or carry any—” Steve began, but with the flick of a button Tony set the giant gas fireplace roaring to life. Steve frowned slightly.
With the shift in angle, Steve’s next thrust nailed Tony’s prostate—Tony wailed desperately. Steve’s face lit up.
“Sir?  Captain Rogers would like to meet with you,” JARVIS announced, turning down AC/DC to be heard.  “He asks when it might be convenient.”
“Bullshit,” Tony said and his voice had a hard edge.  Steve looked up, startled.  Tony’s gaze was cold. Steve stared at him, feeling helpless.  (Are you going to mock me for being so weak?  I was, I know.  I’m trying to be strong, but it’s hard and I--)  It felt like Steve had had his legs cut out from under him.
The Professor began shuffling papers across his messy desk, clearly looking for something as he spoke:
“He didn’t,” Tony insisted. “We were playing. It was tag. It’s obviously progress. Honest! Even Steve doesn’t think he was trying to attack me.”
It wasn’t just the usual Affection, Affirmation, and Reassurance (AAR)—Steve was off that script, and he said it all with an intensity that made Tony feel overwhelmed.
“Well,” Steve said, a little hesitantly, “we’ve got several options, but I was thinking, since you seemed to like the food, maybe you wouldn’t mind going back to Cucina Paradiso again?”
Tony hung a red and gold glass ball while Steve took out one of the bundles of yellowing tissue paper and began unwrapping it very carefully.
It had obviously been intense for Steve, but he’d wanted that for him, thought it was what he wanted.  Maybe it had just been too much all at once: Steve’s first bondage, first deep throat lessons, first gestures towards breathplay and spanking, lengthy orgasm denial, more control and domination than before, not to mention the first time anyone else had
“Hey, Tony?” Clint said around a partially masticated bite of sandwich. “You’re in the tabloids again.”
But before they started sitting together in Chem or spoken or learned each other’s names, Rhodey’d found him passed out drunk at a freshman party. He’d rolled Tony over so he wouldn’t die choking on his own vomit and started to leave, but then Rhodey’d remembered a story his older cousin had told him, about a sub who’d passed out at a frat party at Yale . . . Rhodey’d carried Tony back to his own room instead of leaving him there and they met for the first time the next morning when Tony woke up in a strange bed with a pounding headache, took one look at Rhodey and blurted, “Oh, God, please tell me we fucked!”
Steve was sitting in the back on the Quinjet’s low bench, his knees splayed as he sketched. (It would be the perfect height.) Tony looked at the spot at Steve’s feet. He wanted the warmth of Steve’s knee under his cheek, Steve’s hand in his hair, the sound of Steve’s approving murmuring.
Jackie ran his fingers through Tony’s hair, clucking his tongue. “What did you use in the back, a weed-whacker? What kind of billionaire
Silently, JARVIS complied.  Rogers was almost exactly where Tony had left him.  He’d taken a seat on the large leather sofa, and was staring vacantly at the coffee table, unmoving, expression blank.
