It was now the second watch of the night, and about the time when the figure had before appeared. The moon gave a faint and uncertain light, for heavy vapours surrounded it, and, often rolling over the disk, left the scene below in total darkness. It was in one of these moments of obscurity, that he observed a small and luminous flame, moving at some distance on the terrace. While he gazed, it disappeared, and, the moon again emerging from the lurid and heavy thunder clouds, Sherlock turned his attention to the heavens, where the vivid lightnings darted from cloud to cloud, and flashed silently on the woods below. He loved to catch, in the momentary gleam, the gloomy landscape. Sometimes, a cloud opened its light upon a distant mountain, and, while the sudden splendour illumined all its recesses of rock and wood, the rest of the scene remained in deep shadow; at others, partial features of the castle were revealed by the glimpse—the antient arch leading to the east rampart, the turret above, or the fortifications beyond; and then, perhaps, the whole edifice with all its towers, its dark massy walls and pointed casements would appear, and vanish in an instant.
MASON
There’s no response but a small flash of movement from the stadium’s roof, amongst the air conditioning units and piping. “Sherlock!” John screams again.
’ of pure suffering.
I think it is the weakness of mine eyes,
Moriarty soon after joined the party. He muttered over some short speech about regret for having been so long detained elsewhere, when he knew he should have the pleasure of seeing Monsieur Mycroft here; and he, receiving the apology with the air of a pettish child, addressed himself entirely to Douglas, who looked archly at Moriarty, as if he would have said, 'I will not triumph over you too much; I will have the goodness to bear my honours meekly; but look sharp, Signor, or I shall certainly run away with your prize.'
The travellers frequently distinguished troops of soldiers moving at a distance; and they experienced, at the little inns on the road, the scarcity of provision and other inconveniences, which are a part of the consequence of intestine war; but they had never reason to be much alarmed for their immediate safety, and they passed on to Milan with little interruption of any kind, where they staid not to survey the grandeur of the city, or even to view its vast cathedral, which was then building.
Another groan filled the pause which Moriarty made.
Sherlock had observed that, since they left France, Moriarty had not even affected kindness towards his brother, and that, after treating him, at first, with neglect, he now met him with uniform disdain and aggravation. Sherlock had never supposed, that his brother's foibles could have escaped the discernment of Moriarty, or that his mind or figure were of a kind to deserve Moriarty’s attention. His surprise, therefore, at this match, had been great; but since he had made the choice, Sherlock did not anticipate that he would so easily have discovered Moriarty’s contempt of it. But Moriarty, who had been allured by the seeming wealth of Monsieur Mycroft, was now severely disappointed by his comparative poverty, and highly exasperated by the deceit he had employed to conceal it, till concealment was no longer necessary. He had been deceived in an affair, wherein he meant to be the deceiver; out-witted by the superior cunning of a man, whose understanding he despised, and to whom he had sacrificed his pride and his liberty, without saving himself from the ruin, which had impended over his head. Monsieur Mycroft had contrived to have the greatest part of what he really did possess, settled upon himself: what remained, though it was totally inadequate both to his husband's expectations, and to his necessities, Moriarty had converted into money, and brought with him to Venice, that he might a little longer delude society, and make a last effort to regain the fortunes he had lost.
John jogs in, jacket still clutched to his chest, only to see Sherlock lounged against the elevator, idly throwing the cushion up and down in the air.
'No,' replied La Voisin, 'there is no occasion. When we reach that brook, monsieur, (Sherlock observed light upon the water where the peasant pointed), we shall be at home presently. I don't know how I happened to mistake the path; I seldom come this way after sun-set.'
He thought pleasantly.
Watson again found himself in the dark, chilled forest. His body was slick with sweat and he was breathing heavy. He stood in one spot, feeling very exposed. He felt as if he was being watched.
Watson was lost in his thoughts, distraught that he may never see Holmes again.
“Well what are you standing there for boy, lead the way!”
He thought to himself. He licked his lips, trying to get an awful taste out of his mouth. Something just wasn’t right, and his legs felt like they were stuck in tar. He looked down at his feet and nearly fainted at the sight. Instead of shoes, he saw large, furry paws. He scrambled back, his mind not quite registering what his eyes were seeing. Watson looked over his back, and to his horror, he saw a light brown coat and a tail. He stopped and closed his eyes, as tight as they would go.
It was now dark, probably one in the morning. The fire had died down, but Holmes was still sitting by the coals for warmth. Thomas was asleep in the makeshift tent. Holmes was deep in thought, thinking of the most logical answer to what had happened in the meadow. He was drawn out of thought by a low, soft growl in the woods around him. Holmes reached for Watson’s revolver, and prodded Thomas awake. Thomas groaned and turned away from Holmes. “Get up you fool! There is something out there!” Holmes whispered harshly. Thomas rolled over on his side and rubbed his eyes. “Are you certain you heard someth-” He was cut off by rustling in the underbrush, no more than 20 yards away. Thomas scrambled up and grabbed his rifle, aiming in the direction of the noise. The two men didn’t hear or see anything else for a moment, but Holmes felt like he was being watched, being taunted by something. Thomas let out a shiver, his rifle quaking. He was terrified. Holmes took a step forward. “Come out now, or we’ll shoot. You aren’t fooling us, you coward.” There was no reply. Holmes lowered the revolver. Just at that moment, a large creature crashed through the brush to their right, knocking Thomas to the ground. Thomas let out a scream and fired a round from his rifle. The beast knocked the gun aside with a large paw, and bit down on the screaming man.  Holmes jumped to the side and nearly stumbled to the ground at the sight before him. A large, gray wolf had Thomas pinned to the ground, tearing apart his throat. Thomas’s blood was spraying everywhere, his carotid artery torn open by the creature’s large teeth. Once the man stopped moving, the beast turned it’s gaze towards Holmes. Holmes couldn’t move, he was paralyzed with fear. The wolf stalked towards him, his head low, a sinister set of teeth gleaming in the dark. Holmes closed his eyes, hoping his end was as quick as Thomas’s. Before the beast reached Holmes, a loud snarl rolled across the field. Holmes turned his head and watched as another large animal charged across the meadow, and promptly tackled the gray wolf. The two animals fought furiously, biting and tearing away at each others flesh. Holmes watched on in amazement, still unable to move. After what seemed like hours, but truly mere minutes, the darker wolf pinned the gray creature to the ground, his jaws clamped around its neck. The gray beast fought as hard as it could, clawing and snarling at it’s opponent. But the other wolf held firm, and finally the beast stopped struggling. The brown wolf bit down even harder and shook his head, snapping the neck of the now dead gray animal. The beast opened it’s large jaws and dropped the body of his opponent. The wolf’s tongue lolled out of it’s mouth, breath puffing out into the chilled air. It turned and looked at Holmes, and started to slowly limp towards him. His body was covered in deep scratches and teeth marks. Holmes noticed the wolf favored it’s back right leg, even though most of it’s injuries were on the front half of it’s body. Holmes scooted backwards, still afraid of his possible impending death, although deep down, he felt something was off. The beast wasn’t showing signs of aggression, no teeth baring, no growling. Holmes stopped backing away, and watched the wolf slowly approach. Once it got within a few feet, the wolf stumbled and fell onto it’s side. Holmes barely breathed, not wanting to make any sudden movement. The large wolf didn’t get up, and it laid on it’s side panting in apparent pain. It’s furry body shuddered. Holmes waited a few moments in silence, then slowly crawled forward. He got within inches of the beast, he admired the lethal predator’s features. He had a dark brown coat, with long limbs and tail. On his right shoulder, scar tissue spider-webbed into an oddly familiar shape. The wolf let out a quiet whine, now aware of Holmes’s presence. Holmes glanced at the large muzzle full of sharp teeth. He then looked into the creatures deep blue eyes, a feeling of unease tugging at his mind. He was no longer afraid of the wolf, but oddly comfortable. Holmes was drawn to the creature’s eyes, the calmness of them. He reached out a hand and stroked the wolf’s flank. The wolf let out a pained sigh, and closed it’s blue eyes. Holmes suddenly jumped back as the body of the large beast shook, whimpers of pain escaping the wolf’s mouth.
His steps faltered, breath hitched. A low, deep growl echoed in the black woods. He didn’t stop to look for the source of the sound, his steps hurried. Behind him, the growl turned into loud huffs and the thundering sound of large feet hitting the soft ground. Watson ran as fast as he could, leaping over logs, and brushing aside low branches. He had never been more afraid in his life. He was being hunted by the very being he denied existed just a moment ago. He chanced one glance at whatever was pursuing him. His blood ran cold as he glimpsed the fiery eyes of a large beast. Watson stumbled and fell, hitting the ground with a hard thump. He moaned as he rolled over onto his side, clutching is bruised ribs. His mind was a cluster of panic and overwhelming fear. One thought went through his mind as he curled into the fetal position, waiting for the beast to pounce:
He thought with a nervous chuckle as he slowly moved it back and forth. His tail was quite long, almost touching the ground when held limp. He looked at his tail for a bit, then stood to go back to the stream. This time he didn’t hesitate to look at his reflection. His ears were large and pointed, like most wild canines. A long, pointy muzzle protruded from his face. Watson lifted his lips, baring his teeth, his canines were razor-sharp. He lowered his lips, slightly unnerved at the sight of his own teeth. One thing hadn’t changed though, and those were his eyes. They were the same bright blue as before turning into a wild creature.
He thought. He watched the many Londoners hurry their way down Baker St. as he sipped his tea. Mrs. Hudson came back up the stairs a while later with hot sausage rolls. He again thanked her, and she left him to eat in peace. Watson couldn’t help but practically inhale the delicious food. Just as he was finishing the last of his meal, he heard the door slam downstairs. The sound of footsteps leapt up the stairs, and Holmes hurried in. “Ah, hello Watson. It is good to see you up and about. I see Mrs. Hudson has been here.” He said as he gestured to the empty plate. “Yes, she was very kind as to make me some dinner.” Watson cleared his throat and asked awkwardly, “Does...does she know?” Holmes shook his head. “I told her we were ambushed, and that you had got the worst of the attack. Not a complete lie, honestly.” Watson nodded in agreement. Holmes grabbed Watson’s coat and top hat. “Do you feel up for an evening stroll, Watson?” He smirked and  stood to retrieve his walking stick. He slung on his coat and hat, and with a small smile, headed down the stairs.
Watson thought gleefully as Holmes followed behind him.
Watson turned and scanned the woods behind him. Nothing was there, just the dark canopy and patches of light coming from the moon. The full moon hung low in the night sky.
He thought.  Watson looked slightly disappointed, so Holmes decided to change the subject. He tapped the blanket where Watson’s torso was. “Let us change your bandages, shall we?” He said cheerfully. Watson moved his blankets aside and sat completely up. He looked down at his chest and torso, to see his whole upper body wrapped in bandages. As Holmes began unwrapping the bandages, Watson sat still in thought. “Are you in any pain, Watson?” Holmes asked as he worked. “No, not at all. I am sore, as if I had run a marathon. But not in pain.” He explained. With the last of the bandages off, Holmes examined the doctor’s wounds. “Hmm, interesting. Your wounds, even though they were very deep, have healed almost completely.” Holmes said. “Watson, those wounds should have been fatal.” Watson looked down at his chest and chuckled nervously. “I suppose you’re right Holmes, these wounds look to be weeks old, not days.” Holmes observed in silence, his ‘deducing’ face scrunched in deep thought. Without a word, Holmes began to re-wrap Watson’s chest. “What are you thinking, Holmes?” Watson asked. “Nothing important Watson. I suppose it is time for you to rest. I shall bring you some tea and perhaps, breakfast?” The doctor nodded in agreement.
Watson leapt over the stream with ease and ran through the underbrush. He found a large, low lying bush and squeezed underneath it. His heart was racing, and his tongue hung out of his mouth as he panted nervously. He sat low, listening. Watson didn’t hear anything else, and let himself relax.
Watson had been dozing off underneath his bush when his nose caught wind of a familiar scent. His hackles rose in anticipation of the sour smell. Watson couldn’t place the scent, but knew he Holmes wasn’t safe with whatever was hanging around their camp. Watson stood and gazed through the dark brush. He heard Holmes wake Thomas, and then he heard a crash through the woods. He heard a gunshot and a yell, and saw the body of Thomas being crushed by the same ugly creature that attacked him. Watson launched out from his hiding spot, determined to protect Holmes from the same fate as Thomas. A loud snarl escaped from deep down in his chest as he closed the distance to the gray beast. Watson tackled the beast and fought with the fury of protecting his friend. Finally Watson saw his chance to kill the gray wolf and clamped down on its throat until it stopped moving. Watson hadn’t felt any pain until he dropped the body of the dead creature. His body was covered in lacerations and bite marks. But only one thing was on his mind, and that was to get to Holmes. He had to make sure his friend was unharmed. Watson’s vision swam as he tried to get to Holmes. He stumbled and fell, his body shaking. His insides were on fire. He watched Holmes as he crawled over to him with a look of awed curiosity. Watson was in agony, but didn’t move as to not scare Holmes. A whine pushed its way through his throat. Holmes glanced at his canine teeth, and quickly looked away. He then looked into Watson’s eyes, frowning in what seemed to be confusion.
They sat in silence for a moment. “Watson, it’s okay, I know.” Watson glanced back up, unease in his eyes. “You were… not yourself. But only in physical form, you had your mind. When the same beast that had attacked you came to eliminate Thomas and I, you protected me. Jumped right into the fight, never once did you hesitate or back down until the threat was gone. The hero, as always.” Watson shook his head. “No Holmes, I can’t account for myself when I was that beast. I’d like to just forget it ever happened.” He said anxiously. Holmes looked away and didn’t say anything. “You never answered how I got back here, or what day it is.” Watson stated after a moment. Holmes cleared his throat. “Well, after you turned human again, I knew I had to get you home. You seemed ill. You went in and out of consciousness.  I covered you with my coat, and we rode back into town. I told Mr. Denvir, the eldest gentleman, that he was right; the beast was real. I told him Thomas killed the beast and saved you, at the price of his own life. Mr. Denvir was obviously distraught, but I had more important things to attend too. I hailed for a carriage, and we rode all the way back to London. You have been resting for two days now.” They again sat in silence as Watson absorbed what Holmes just said. “And what of Thomas’s body?” Watson asked. Holmes scoffed. “You of all people would be more concerned of a dead man than more pressing issues. But, if you must know, I covered his body with the tarp we used as our tent. I told Mr. Denvir where the body was so he could retrieve it for a proper burial.”He said passively. Watson just sighed and rubbed his eyes.
Holmes didn’t seem to care for my tone, whereas I didn’t care for his scandalmongering. It was Stamford who saved the situation.
12. Has a good practical knowledge of British law.
“Napayshni continued to practice his healing arts upon me, both of the conventional and the masculine variety and soon I was quite rehabilitated. The two of us spent a great deal of time alone in his teepee. He allowed me to indulge in his dick as often as I cared, my abilities at swallowing his immensity growing with each passing day. He took me into his own mouth as well, and I learned the pleasure of being sucked by a knowledgeable practitioner of male passion. He was caring and open-hearted and though we shared no common language, I felt as close to him as any man.”
“I wonder what that fellow is looking for?” I asked, pointing to a stalwart, plainly-dressed individual who was walking slowly down the other side of the street, looking anxiously at the numbers. He had a large blue envelope in his hand, and was evidently the bearer of a message.
“Haven’t you guessed? We’ve entered Rache—the finest place in London for men such as ourselves.”
The two men did what came to them naturally, their erotic display one enjoyed by men since time immemorial. Stangerson, the penetrated one, felt his body opening into a higher realm of spiritual satisfaction as his friend’s considerable implement slid in and out of his tight chute. Hope conducted his actions with expert ability, making sure that his incursions satisfied his companion’s innermost cravings, rubbing his engorged cockhead against the point of Strangerson’s prostate, causing both of them to moan and grunt like wild dogs.
“Ah, now that is a reminiscence that I haven’t thought about in some time. I was but sixteen upon my introduction to male passion. The inductor was my Greek instructor at boarding school—a cliché, I know, but he was incredibly handsome and not more than twenty-four himself. The two of us had an instant connection with one another, our eyes constantly catching during lectures. One day, he bade me remain after class, saying that he needed to give me some private lesson. He hovered over my shoulder as we worked through a complex conjugation exercise and I felt his hot breath on my shoulder. Daringly, I had put my hand on his crotch, his ardor evident beneath his trousers. Fishing out his implement, I took it into my mouth, sucking adeptly on his inflated tool. He came goblets of come, which I greedily swallowed. A few days later, he introduced me to even finer pleasures, fingering my virginal arsehole and eventually lunging into it with his well-endowed instrument. We fucked daily for the entire year after that.”
“Napayshni now rolled atop me, his weighty frame pressing down on mine with a pleasant pressure. He shifted about, reaching over to a calabash sitting by his bed. This vessel contained a natural emollient that he used in his shamanic arts but which also served another purpose. After pouring out a glob of the slick material upon his palm, he placed his hand on his aperture and stuck one of his fingers into his slit, moaning as he did so. My own finger was still lodged inside him and our combined efforts succeeded in stretching his sphincter further than before. I did not understand the purpose of this action, telling him that I wished for him to enter me.”
A bolt of insight so powerful now overtook young Strangerson. It was as if the sky had broken open above his head, and suddenly he saw the world with eyes anew. How many times had his friend Hope referred obliquely to some encounter whose details remained obscure? Why was there always an air of tension and anticipation when the two of them were together? How was it that he had he not noticed these things before?
Its somewhat ambitious title was “A Case For Open Love” and it attempted to show that it should not be illegal for two men to have romantic relations. I was sure that the populace was scandalized by its case but I found myself drawn farther and farther in to its points. What bravery this person had to argue that the type of love I enjoyed with another man was not a wicked thing but in fact good and natural. Holmes inquired at what was making me grin so wide and so I began to read:
“He looked down at me and winked. ‘Soon, my love.’”
“You must study him then,” Stamford said, and then bade me goodbye. “You’ll find him a knotty problem, though.”
Taking a refractory break on a couch, I watched the couplings continue. A pair was fucking in the missionary position on the seat beside me and, as I recuperated, I took the opportunity to kiss them both, slapping the penetrator on his chiseled rump as he slapped his bullocks against his companion’s buttocks. A bit farther afield, I saw a man being held up by a group, who passed him around so that each could cherish the pucker he brandished high in the air. More acrobatic maneuvers seemed to be occurring in the distant darkness, from which I could only hear the sounds of gratified orifices being stimulated by sodden tools. When I looked back at the partners next to me, they had been joined by a third. The eager penetrated man must have had a particularly cooperative aperture because I watched in fascination and ardor as the new man plunged his good-sized implement into the enthusiastic hole while the previous partner remained simultaneously lodged within.
“That was sheer luck, my friend. By investigating the jewelers of the area, I hoped to figure out some way to help Misters Hope and Strangerson, who I understood were fleeing back to New York. But instead I ran into the two of them while they were looking to get a copy made of the ruby ring. I instantly recognized who they were and what they were up to and offered my services as an officiant at their wedding.”
Strangerson appeared to be on the verge of tears. “I am quite happy. How could I be otherwise?”
“I came and came and came, issuing more ejaculatory fluid than I had ever or since, the warm mass inundating the two of us with its creamy spray. Napayshni fished his gigantic implement from my mouth and brought his body down next to mine. While whispering sweet indecipherable pronouncements in my ear, he hugged me close with his bear-like embrace, the curative intimacy changing me forever.”
“Oh I wouldn’t say there was anything against him. He is a little queer in his ideas—an enthusiast in some branches of science and an overly keen focus on the carnal. Though as far as I know, he is a decent fellow.”
“Just give me a help with this buckle,” Holmes said, kneeling over his task. He looked up at me. “Watson, let me introduce you to Mr. Jefferson Hope, the man who will be marrying Mr. Joseph Strangerson in a short while.”
“You and Lucy shall be wed, and not a moment should go to waste. The ceremony can take place tomorrow!”
Giving me a sidelong glance, Holmes added that there had been some additional entertainment during the wee hours of the night. Apparently, he and Gregson had awoken in the darkness with hardened tools and begun kissing wildly. Not wishing to disturb me, they snuck over to my empty bed and gave themselves to one another with passionate enthusiasm. I tried to remain unreactive as Holmes described the incredible sensation of sinking his oversized contrivance into Gregson’s keen and pliable pucker. Busying myself with the teapot, I suppressed a twinge of jealousy at having not been invited to the second act of this performance.
Holmes brought a shushing finger to my mouth. “Now, Watson, you recall what we’ve discussed. The two of us will be doing nothing of that sort.”
“Because in our delicate era such ideas would not find themselves very welcome. You and I both know that firsthand. It will be completely ridiculed and ignored.”
“A man with the Uranian urge is not shameful, but simply a human being and therefore has inalienable rights. His sexual orientation is a right established by nature. Legislators have no right to veto nature; no right to persecute nature in the course of its work; no right to harm living creatures who are subject to those drives nature gave them.”
In fact, the opposite was true and the junior detective seemed distraught that this licentious episode might be over so quickly. “No, no, no,” he said, turning his head from side to side. “This can not be the end of it!”
For a moment, I must have gone comatose as the next thing I knew, Holmes was standing beside me, offering a washcloth. Drebber had curled up on the floor next to his white puddle, looking up at the two of us in kittenish exultation, his hand idly stroking his flaccid dick. He gibbered, telling us that had been the most unbelievable experience of his life. Holmes merely nodded, thanking him and saying he would be happy to oblige anytime. Without warning, he called in Lestrade and Gregson.
Holmes looked down his aquiline nose at me. “Now, Dr. Watson, even if you hadn’t arrived here with our dear friend Stamford, it would have been easy for me to surmise your predilections. Your physique is like that of a French Bulldog, your authentic swagger suggests that the item between your legs is impressive. In pursuits, you prefer to take on the role of hunter. In bed, you would rather give than receive. Your greatly enjoy the feeling of a tongue pressed to the sensitive spot directly behind your testicles. And I suspect that you have been with approximately thirteen men these last two months.”
Though Gregson remained under control, I could see that the story had a prodigious effect on him, and his breath caught when I uttered the final sentences. Almost inaudibly, he mentioned that he wished he could be so courageous.
Finally, Holmes reached his hilt—his balls, which were the size and colour of Spanish carombola, coming to rest against Drebber’s arse. Though I might have expected some pain from Holmes’ gargantuan organ, the expression on Drebber’s face indicated the procedure had been delightful, his eyes rolling back and a beaming grin spreading across his lips. He turned once again to the piece in front of him, sliding my member deep into his mouth. For a moment, Holmes and I simultaneously stuffed him; Holmes corking him from the back while my projection stoppered his fore-end.
I introduced myself using Holmes’ invented alias, though gave him no further particulars. Despite the fact that I could tell he was an escort of this club, I was having trouble finding a suitable topic of conversation. My confidence had been dealt a severe blow and I had yet to regain my footing. Just then, our beers arrived and we passed a moment in drinking them.
“My compartment accommodated Napayshni’s rigid titan like a sheath slipping over a steel implement. As his article lodged its way into my inner recesses, my awareness slipped into a condition that words can scarcely describe. I seemed to float above my own body, watching the sexual proceedings and their beautiful effect upon me. Napayshni’s burly frame filled the room with its power, caressing me, stretching me, driving into me, and stuffing me with his virility. Out of my dick a geyser of semen unexpectedly erupted.”
“On, on to Zion!” cried the crowd of Mormons, and the words rippled down the long caravan, passing from mouth to mouth until they died away in a dull murmur in the far distance. With a cracking of whips and a creaking of wheels the great waggons got into motion, and soon the whole caravan was winding along once more. The Elder to whose care the waif had been committed let them to his waggon, where a meal was already waiting for him.
“My bodily explorations with Napayshni never went farther than oral inducements, though I knew in theory that there were other actions we could engage in. But I was too shy to ask and Napayshni seemed to be waiting for something, some maturity within me that I had yet to master.”
With these heady thoughts whirling through my mind, my cock began to spasm, expelling a tremendous milky white stream that coated my torso, my neck, my face, and even Saul’s. We drank in its delectable spray, more copious than I believe I’ve ever before produced, as waves of abandoning joy traveled toe to crown through my being. Saul continued his thrusts for a few more heavenly moments before giving in to his own expulsion. As he came, he pulled out his magnificence and aimed it all around, dousing us both in a second shower of sticky discharge.
“Come now, chum. A veritable wonderland awaits us here. Let’s have ourselves a time.”
3. Astronomy.—Nil.
“You mean the man who enjoys having his toes sucked while being penetrated?” said Sherlock Holmes.
“The Indians accepted me into their tribe without question, teaching me how to hunt and survive as they did upon the plains. They dressed me in their clothes and let me partake in their ceremonies. I picked up a rudimentary understanding of their tongue, which brought me closer to Napayshni as well as his people. Of our relationship no one seemed bothered. In fact, it appeared to be the most natural sort of thing among the Lakota, that a man and another man could be lovers. With Napayshni occupying the role of a winkté, the tribesmen considered me to be the masculine one, despite the fact that my companion was clearly larger and more strongly-built than me.”
My companion smiled an enigmatic smile. “That’s just his specialty,” he said. “A good many people have wanted to know how he finds things out.”
“If only I could,” thought Strangerson, though he knew those images would forever be burned into the deepest parts of his soul. “There’s more,” he said. “I was so overtaken by what I saw that I polluted myself, then and there.”
“You see,” he explained, “I consider that a man’s brain originally is like a little empty attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose. A fool takes in all the lumber of every sort that he comes across, so that the knowledge which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with a lot of other things so that he has a difficulty in laying his hands upon it. Now the skillful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his brain-attic. He will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect order. It is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and can distend to any extent. Depend upon it there comes a time when for every addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before. It is of the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out the useful ones.”
Sherlock turned to look at John, brows knitted. “Who?”
“Where do you scrub up?”
But by the time John was back in the apartment, the scrap of paper open in one hand and his other resting on the map-covered kitchen table, he allowed himself a small smile. Not long to wait now.
Sherlock closed his eyes in the darkness. He’d have to get out of here soon. Hiding the movement under a hypoglycemic twitch, the consulting detective pinched his nails around the fabric at the seam of his straightjacket sleeve. Then, with uncharacteristic patience got to work shredding the restraint, one string at a time.
“Hey,” John whispered as he leaned in, putting a grounding hand on the detective’s back. “It’s alright. We’ve got nowhere to be.”
Sherlock’s anesthesia should have worn off over twelve hours ago, but he still had not shown signs of regaining consciousness. Preliminary blood tests hadn’t shown any chemical to account for it, so brain scans had been ordered to verify that the consulting detective’s mind was indeed functioning. These had (to John’s unutterable relief) shown that Sherlock was, quite simply, asleep.  When faced with stimulation the wave patterns became characteristic of a wakeful person (or, as wakeful as could be expected on that quantity of pain medication), but still no exterior response. Everyone was puzzled, but it was agreed that no more be done until it was humane to tone down the pain meds. That would be a few days later, minimum.
Several hours later, John tried with the tea again and Sherlock didn’t get tired until five swallows.
Sherlock shook his head. “Don’t worry that you won’t be up to task, John, everything you need will be on a flash drive. It will, in simplistic terms, ‘suck out’ the relevant data and send it to the appointed government account. All you need to do is plug the flash drive into the vice president’s computer. Honestly, even Anderson could probably do it.”
“Yes, I know,” responded John, waiting for Sherlock to get to the point.
Sherlock sat up and undid the last knot anchoring him to the chair with one hand. Then he stood, balanced for a second, and made his way out into the hallway. The detective stumbled a bit, blinking in the light, but anchored himself against a wall and started making his way in the opposite direction from that in which Moriarty's hired help had gone. It had been patently stupid for the thug to leave his captive in such a manner, and Sherlock thought it would be a good idea to be gone before anyone else pointed this out to him.
Although the doctor wasn’t far from trying. The last time Moriarty had tried to get to Sherlock, John had ended up wrapped in explosives. Which hadn’t distressed John overmuch (he was good with life-threatening situations), but it simply was not a fair thing for Moriarty to do to Sherlock. The great detective’s lack of regard for his own wellbeing was legendary, but to use the closest thing to a personal relationship Sherlock had as a weapon was nothing short of inhuman. John knew, or at least forced himself to believe, that Sherlock Holmes was not a true sociopath. But how could he possibly admit to having feelings about another person if they were only used to torture him?
“Of course you are, you’re always bored. But it’s not just that, is it?”
“If Mycroft knew that Sherlock, that his brother, was in trouble,” the doctor asked quietly, “why didn’t he do anything about it? And why is he too busy to fix it all now?”
“Again, unimportant, Doctor. You are doubtless aware of his somewhat . . . unique position in the biopharmaceutical facility?”
Sherlock looked affronted. “You expect me to tell you everything I do?”
The detective seemed confused, as well as annoyed, at John’s persistence in taking care of him. But as far as John was concerned, one of them had to. The doctor had even had one stroke of brilliance; Sherlock would let him check his blood pressure, heart rate, anything, so long as he let the detective use the equipment for his experiments when he was done. Officially Sherlock told John that constantly utilizing the doctor’s privilege to any and all of Biopharm’s available machinery now would be a good cover in case they had to appropriate something quickly later, but the doctor had a feeling his detective just enjoyed playing with the machines.
He was a bit surprised to see that the text was from Mycroft; in John’s experience, the Holmes brothers avoided direct contact with one another at all costs. Chances were that Mycroft was contacting his brother over some case of massive importance to British Government, a case which Sherlock would doubtless declare too dull to merit his attention, but John flipped open the phone anyway. Normally he wouldn’t read another person’s text, but he was annoyed at Sherlock, and he had the sneaking suspicion that the self-proclaimed sociopath wasn’t aware of social taboos regarding privacy anyway.
Wilkes leaned over the table, and said in a conspiratorial whisper, “Well, Dr. Watson, you certainly want us. Your psychological profile says you don’t do well when you feel useless, and going back to Afghanistan certainly isn’t an option.”
“Most people, yes, but not you. I mean, of course you could, but this was Moriarty! ‘The Game’ and everything!”  John stopped, took a breath.
"We'll talk more tomorrow, and you're going to show me how much you can do. But I think we both ought to get some rest for the time being."
Sherlock started wrapping up the hopefully-not-human spleen he’d been working with when John burst in, saying with a resigned air, “Don’t be insulted, nearly everyone has a tiny little brain. And it’s patently clear you aren’t going to drop this, so would you be amenable to us continuing this conversation upstairs?”
“I’m sure you know why you’ve been headhunted by our agency, Captain Watson.”
But really, he’d had no choice. Sherlock (he’d asked John to call him Sherlock shortly after expounding John’s entire personal history on the basis of next to no information whatsoever) had turned to Dr. Wilkes (a “Doctor of Business Sciences, who purposely misleads the general public by implying that he’s a medical doctor,” as Sherlock had openly told John while the personnel agent steamed) and asked the fuming man about his own treatment, drawing the response that if (when) Anderson quit on his account, the IP would quite possibly be kept in either physical restraints or they’d scrap the non-drowsy label (which meant a patient could not be given anesthetics, due to either an allergy or a drug history) and put the man in a medically-induced coma for the approximate four months until the potent blood thinner being incubated in the synthetic carrier organ in his abdomen was ready to be harvested. John, of course, had reacted with horror, at which point the stranger had turned his light eyes on him and asked if the doctor’s commitment to his Hippocratic Oath did not require that he do something about it. So although he still wasn’t sure how it happened Dr. Watson found himself no longer trying quite so hard to escape the employ of Biopharmaceuticals Limited.
Progress had gone significantly more quickly since the bout of hypoglycemia had run its course and the detective regained complete control over his hands. Of course he was still shaking, or pretending to, but even faking tremors wasn’t really a distraction. And this endeavor didn’t promise to be over quickly; the stitching of the straightjacket was well-reinforced and each loosened strand of stitching was a struggle. Sherlock had made a gap in the seam big enough to fit one finger through, but that was all. And he needed at least two fingers if he was going to start on the other sleeve.
“You’re probably right,” responded John, sounding annoyed with himself. “Sorry to bother you. Good night.” He hung up.
“Alright,” replied John, feeling like he’d bitten off a bit more than he could chew, and not minding half as much as one would expect.
John looked up, confused. This was all moving a bit quickly for him. He looked to Sherlock, who gave a nearly imperceptible nod. “Yes?”  John answered, and Wilkes indicated yet another box to which the doctor had to sign his name. With that, the personnel agent closed the folder and made his way to the door.
John took a deep breath and blew it out noisily through his nose. What should he do? Get Sherlock was the obvious answer, but the doctor was loath to take his eyes off the shadow of Moriarty he could see from under the door. And besides, he wasn’t even entirely sure it was a good idea to get Sherlock involved. He still wasn’t at his best, but what choice did the doctor have, really? He’d just edge as far as he could up the stairs, tell Sherlock what was going on, threaten him with bodily harm if he did something stupid, and let the genius take care of it. It may not be a good plan, but John didn’t have a better one. As he backed towards the staircase, his hand rose unbidden to the gun in the back of his jeans.
At least John seemed to understand that. For all that he could be so dull at times, John always understood the most important things. Sherlock felt his lips twitch a bit, and fluttered his fingers against John's sleeping wrist before sinking towards the darkness again.
Tea led to applesauce, and applesauce led to oatmeal as another week passed. Sherlock still couldn’t open his eyes or speak intelligibly, but he managed to communicate what he wanted well enough by emoting facially and vocally. It went a bit like a game of Twenty Questions, but John knew his detective well enough to narrow most possibilities. Plus, almost anything Sherlock could be saying could be narrowed down to “Come here” or “I’m bored/I hate the world,” (more commonly). Keeping Sherlock fed was entirely John’s job, as the detective was no more likely to try to request food than he generally was to obtain it himself. But all in all, it wasn’t so horrible an existence for either of them. Well, Sherlock may have considered it horrible, but John was still counting his blessings. As far as he was concerned, having his Sherlock alive and with him was so much better than he could have expected, nothing else really mattered.
His gun.
“It’s never safe out there, and that’s what you like about it. And no about the cases.”  The detective folded his arms around his knees, sunlight coming through the still-drawn curtains dappling his arms. Sherlock was currently perched on John’s chair, which John had already been occupying, but neither of them particularly minded the arrangement. “Finished those. I need to see the bodies for the last two Lestrade sent. There was a murder at a convention of identical triplets, John! And the other one involves monkeys! I have to solve these, they’re interesting,” he pouted.
By the time the pain in his ribs had reduced to a dull throb, Sherlock had determined the age and make of the speakers and visible camera in the room, the chemical composition of the concrete walls and how it differed from the floor, and the approximate iron levels in Moriarty’s blood (a few drops had fallen on Sherlock’s shoulder when he’d broken the criminal’s nose). But most importantly, the detective had determined the age, brand, and level of wear of the handcuffs about his ankles.
Sorry if this reads a bit strangely, I wrote it and was so excited to post, I didn't have the patience for my usual editing process. Hope you like!
Umbrella Man gave an indulgent smile. “Whether or not we’re done here is entirely up to you, Dr. Watson.”
“Three,” replied the madman conversationally. Moriarty seemed pleased that his audience was actively engaging him.
At that moment, John was glad he was a doctor. Because the sight of someone one knew, someone one cared for laid open on an operating table, while never easy, would undoubtedly have caused someone in another profession to lose consciousness then and there.
“Since Angelo’s,” Sherlock replied, sounding a bit dazed.
Just having to be content with things had become a theme lately. Two weeks of almost-continuous consciousness and absolutely no physical control had been something of a nightmare. In fact, if Sherlock slept more often, he was sure he would be having nightmares about this eventually. John would probably have the nightmares for him, come to think of it. The doctor certainly did everything else for him.
“Are you sure Moriarty is involved?”  John’s voice was calm.
For the second time in the space of an hour, John Watson found himself in a situation he wasn’t sure how he’d gotten in to. Before entering the room of Sherlock Holmes, John had been looking for ways to get out of Biopharm Limited’s facilities. Now, he was apparently employed there, as private physician serving the enigmatic patient.
“Wait, so the whole using-human-bodies-as-petri-dishes thing is the morally legitimate aspect of this business?”  John was having some trouble wrapping his head around that. “Then, what’s the illegitimate side?”
“Yes,” came the soft answer, and John responded by helping Sherlock into a standing position. The detective seemed far too tired for someone who had spent the majority of the day curled up on a couch, but his black moods always left him drained.
John didn’t have to think about it. “Never.”
Just like that, the doctor felt his exhaustion recede. With this second wind at his disposal, he would go over the map of London again, look for anything he’d missed. And at first light, he’d reach out again to the homeless network, this time with specific addresses that were worthy of investigation. There were still about twenty of them, more than he would have liked, but that seemed to be as small a number as they were going to get at this point. He sent out a silent call to Sherlock, willing the madman he’d become closer to than anyone in the world to just sit tight and keep himself alive for a little longer.
“What do you want?” Sherlock asked the air in front of him, rather more softly this time. It would be good to know the sensitivity of the microphones in this room.
The dark-haired man was lying across a beaten-up couch, rosining his bow. Without looking up, he responded, “You spoke to Dr. Donovan.”
“And all that will happen while you’re in surgery?”
John looked him in the eye, skepticism edging his discomfort. “I’m a doctor, not a pharmacist or a medical researcher. I don’t see why you’d even want me.”
He jumped into a thicket and watched through the branches, the voices were coming right towards him. Only a few moments later, he saw four horses break through the trees and down to the creek for a drink. He lifted his nose to the air and inhaled. His chest filled with excitement and longing at the scent being brought to him by the morning breeze. He shuffled closer to the edge of the bush to get a better view of the men. He instantly recognized the scowl being worn by one of them. Holmes.
He shook his large head.
He thought. “Sir, your needed at the Denvir Farm. They found something you might want to see.” The boy said. P
He shuffled over to his chair, and sat down with a heavy breath.
Holmes thought as he kicked his horse to a trot.
Watson screamed in his mind. Holmes then laid his hand on Watson’s flank, and he couldn’t help but sigh with a small amount of relief. At least Holmes wasn’t afraid of him as the beast. Suddenly Watson felt an agonizing pain all over his body. He couldn’t help but yelp as his bones and insides rearranged themselves, stretching and shrinking. His joints popped, and muscles rippled as they moved slowly back into the form of a human. Watson’s animalistic whines gurgled into human groans. Just as suddenly as it happened, the transformation was over. Watson laid on the ground shaking, his body covered in sweat, and his breaths jagged from pain. His body temperature was unnaturally high, this was made obvious by the steam rolling off his bare skin. Watson was barely conscious, seeing black spots in his vision. “Holmes…” he breathed out before he fell into unconsciousness.
Crossing the room, I took the Adonis in my arms, pressing my bushy mustache to his mouth for one of the most tender kisses I’d had in a long time. My hands rubbed sensuously over his body, my fingers drinking in every inch of his being. He yelped as I grabbed his glutes—a cry of joy.
I had scarcely any time to consider his statement before there was a tap at the door. Much to my astonishment, a fashionably-dressed young man with full lips and high cheekbones introduced himself as Joseph Strangerson. He seemed to be in an agitated state.
While squeezing the tip of my dick, I ran my nose over his arse and balls, inhaling the lustful odor of his sex. He squirmed with bliss as my wet tongue found the puckered aperture of his wondrous hole, continuously crying ‘”Yes!” as I licked his sensitive orifice. Internally, I wondered if it was right to claim the virginity of this man, and whether or not he would be up to the task of accepting my rather large implement, though the throbbing of my privates overrode most of my reservations.
The invite was welcome on such a sweltering day and the two companions quickly bounded after their friend, each glad to untangle themselves from the sticky conversation in the house. At the riverbank, they found a clutch of young men, each around their same age, diving and jostling in the water, and wrestling one another beneath the cool waves. The women knew not to come upon the menfolk in this state, and so the air was casual and unfettered, with all the men stripped down naked as they frolicked in the waters. Hope drank in the sight of the muscular Mormons and their magnificent bodies, taking care not to let his eyes linger on the parts he most desired, their curvaceous buttocks and mouthwatering instruments. He nodded hello to one of the elder statesmen from the city, a Mr. Enoch Drebber, who had decided to join in the nude festivities and was currently sunbathing on the shore.
Recollection of that encounter caused blood to flow in my nethers and a moment of awkward silence passed as the mound in my underpants noticeably grew. As we waited, I took a mouthful of smoke from my cigar. “Yes,” I said, feeling bold. “The cross-examination was particularly captivating. Perhaps you would have liked to have witnessed it yourself?”
I smiled at Stamford’s clumsy attempts at flattery and told him of my adventures, and misadventures. He leaned in to pay closer attention to my insinuations. Men like us become scholars of subtlety and entendre from a young age, though I kept things vague so as not to tip off our driver. Still, I noticed a flushing in his cheeks and the development of a small bump in his trousers. At one point, he took what I thought was a risky step and brushed his gloved hand against mine. Admonishing him with my eyes, I pulled back. But he gave me a small mischievous look as the cab pulled into our destination.
“As he tugged at my tool, Napayshni thrust his pelvis back and forth over my head, driving his enormity into my oral compartment. Entranced, I accepted the incursion, all the while feeling the bliss radiate from both my engorged instrument and my overstuffed face. Perhaps the concoction Napayshni fed me had heightened my awareness but it seemed as if my entire body were filled with light, a warm and cleansing glow that flashed with every color of the spectrum. From somewhere above me, I heard the healer grunt and out of his implement a bountiful cascade of intoxicating semen burst forth. I swallowed every drop of his potency, the pungent taste of his nectar driving me to new heights of ardor.”
“At noon exactly,” I said, shaking his hand.
He gave an affirmative grunt, too lost in pleasure to properly respond. His sphinctral muscles reflexively spasmed, enjoyably compressing the article I had lodged inside him. Gregson howled with delight, his sensory systems no doubt overcome by the novel incidents they were experiencing. I tipped back my hips ever so slightly, just to see how lenient his hole would be, and found that the man was going to make for a fine cock-bearer—his exquisite orifice was already quite supple.
A well-groomed fellow had crossed the room to stand above me. He was smartly-dressed and carried a walking stick with a jewel. Smiling, he asked if he could take the open seat on the couch. His face was rather kind, with sparkling blue eyes and a debonair moustache decorating his upper lip. He wore his auburn hair long though neatly combed. Despite my ruffled condition, I took a liking to him and moved over to allow him a place on the couch.
“’No doubt you are the gentleman whom he was expecting,’ they said. ‘He had been waiting for a gentleman for two days.’”
The skin around Drebber’s collar turned crimson as he glowered fiercely at my companion. “What kind of a terrible insinuation is that? As I have previously stated, I am a happily married man.”
Hope now took a firm grasp of Strangerson’s knob and gave the head a gentle squeeze. He wanted to ease his companion into this new world of male lovemaking, so as not to cause him too much bewilderment at his earliest experience. Based on the rapid intakes of breath coming from the young Mormon, his actions were greeted successfully. Strangerson felt a pulsating warm spread from his stiffened instrument into his body and his reflexes bade him forward for another soft kiss from his friend. His own hand curled around Hope’s tool—how its weight and magnitude felt in his palm!—and mimicked the movements of his companion.
“’Is that why we have not yet engaged in the practice that you did with that other man?’ I asked.”
“Fear not for water,” cried a third. “He who could draw it from the rocks will not now abandon His own chosen people.”
“What do you think you’re doing?” I demanded.
“We have the cab,” said Sherlock Holmes. “It will serve to take us all to the club Rache. And now, my good friend, we have reached the end of our little mystery. You are very welcome to put any questions you like to me now, and there is no danger that I will refuse to answer them.”
Drebber’s attention snapped away from Holmes’ crotch. “My wife’s name is Muriel, detective. I have no idea who Rachel might be.”
“Well done!” said Holmes in an encouraging voice. “Really, Gregson, you are getting along. We shall make something of you yet.”
By now, Stamford was naked on the floor below me, and was arching his smooth buttocks into the air like a rutting dog. Licking two fingers, I knelt down and gave him what he wanted—a little pressure on his trembling hole. He moaned as I rubbed and managed to lodge just a bit more of my cock in his mouth. Continuing my backdoor explorations, I allowed a fingertip to slip past his pucker. He rewarded me with another whimper and an eager shaking of his rear.
There was one way and only one in which he offended the sensibilities of his co-religionists. No argument or persuasion could ever induce him to set up a female establishment after the manner of his companions. He gave no reason for this persistent refusal, but contended himself by resolutely and inflexibility adhering to his determination. There were some who accused him of lukewarmness in his adopted religion, and others who put it down to greed of wealth and reluctance to incur expenses. Others, though, understood that there was something different about Mr. Hope, and for this reason his remained strictly celibate.
Our day’s exertions had been too much for my health, and I was tired out in the afternoon. After Holmes’ departure for the concert, I lay down upon the sofa in my underwear and endeavoured to get a couple of hours’ sleep. My mind had been too much excited by all that occurred, and the strangest fancies and surmises crowded into it. Every time I closed my eyes I saw before me a cavalcade of cocks and arses, of beautiful men touching one another obscenely. Though I had unleashed myself twice already that day, I felt a hardness returning. I caressed my crotch and then brought up my fingers to smell the sex that had spread upon them.
“You mustn’t blame me if you don’t get on with him,” he said. “I know nothing more of him than I have learned from our few brief… encounters. You proposed this arrangement, so you must not hold me responsible.”
Gregson took my ribbing in stride, admitting that he also found my good friend’s skills remarkable. He told me that he had only been working with Lestrade a short time. At the beginning of his occupation, he had failed to understand why his senior partner put up with so strange a man as Holmes. But he had been won over after multiple displays of the Holmes’ incredible talents. Here Gregson blushed, perhaps at some memory surfacing in his mind.
“Am I everything you remember?”
My companion smiled approvingly.
“The wells are to the right, my brothers,” said one, a hard-lipped, clean-shaven man with grizzly hair.
“And now,” said Strangerson, casting his eyes downward, “I am to be wed to Miss Lucy Ferrier.”
And so it happened that Drebber took Strangerson on a foray to the club Rache. It was meant to be simply something to spice up their sex life, which had of late grown stale, yet it ended up with a complete disillusion of their relationship. For at the club, Strangerson came upon an American prostitute with steely eyes and a drooping moustache and he instantly knew that he had found Hope again. He told Drebber that he was leaving, though kept the name of his true love secret so that the Mormons would have a hard time finding them again. As a final retribution for keeping them apart for so long, the two men broke into Drebber’s home while he was visiting friends with his wife and fucked on his bed. Drebber could neither admit that he knew this, nor that he had given his wife’s ring away to a miscreant, and so was forced to lie to the police.
“It is simple enough as you explain it,” I said, smiling. “You remind me of Edgar Allen Poe’s Dupin. I had no idea that such individuals did exist outside of stories.”
“For Mr. Sherlock Holmes,” he said, stepping into the room and handing my friend the letter.
The intimate caress of his fingers didn’t last long. Both Holmes and I pulled our hands back, as if mutually burned by a flame between us, and a moment of silence stretched.
“Then what say we pull these endowments out and give the men around us a show?”
Strangerson himself had grown despondent, torn between competing desires to confess to his friend what he had witnessed and the wish to simply forget about the entire immoral episode. He remained in his room with the shudders shut, languishing in his bed throughout the day. Seeing his dejection, Joseph Strangerson’s parents decided to take action.
“You appear to be astonished,” he said, smiling at my expression of surprise. “Now that I do know it I shall do my best to forget it.”
As we spoke, Stamford showed me down a narrow lane and passed through a small side door, which opened to a great wing of the hospital. It was familiar ground to me, and I needed no guiding as we ascended the bleak stone staircase and made our way down the long corridor with its vista of whitewashed wall and dun-coloured doors. Near the end a low arched passage branched away from it, and led to the chemical laboratory.
The Mormon fidgeted again, wishing that his reserved companion would just for once let slip some of the details that he was so clearly holding back. “But what of passion? You said that it was overflowing among the men…” Strangerson trailed off, realizing he was being too earnest in his eagerness.
By the time we reached an empty space my shirt had flown open and Saul’s tantalizing hands were running through the ursine pelt on my chest and stomach. He was shirtless too, his physique slim, though his muscles were toned like that of a swimmer. Looking at him, I could almost name each grouping in the anatomy chart: deltoids, biceps, pectorals, obliques; my fingers and lips touching each in turn. A small diamond of hair sprouted at his sternum but he was otherwise smooth.
We frolicked in this manner for a while, with me directing most of the performance. I delighted in feeling Gregson’s heavy balls slap back and forth, sometimes coming up to contact my nether region but mostly producing the most magnificent smacking sound upon Holmes’ buttocks. Eventually Gregson took over the lunges, moving himself back and forth upon the effective skewer of our combined rods, allowing my grandeur to tickle that innermost pleasure point inside his canal while concurrently egressing and ingressing from the luxury of Holmes’ compartment. Perspiration dripped from my chest to Gregson’s torso to Holmes’ back, the three of us as lubricous as a set of Greek wrestlers.
With the smoke rushing into my head, I felt momentarily bewildered. “Yes,” I said, and then repeated myself. “Yes.”
“Mr. Lestrade; Mr. Gregson, would you excuse us for a moment?” Holmes asked, quite politely.
“What were you and Strangerson doing the last time you saw one another?” Holmes asked. He now brought himself quite close to Drebber, locking eyes with the older man.
“And what are you up to now?” asked Stamford, as we took our seats for dinner, smoothing over his forwardness in the cab.
“Come in,” said Hope after a short spell. “Pray tell me what is on your mind, my friend.”
“Mr. Holmes, Mr. Watson,” said Gregson, “This is Enoch Drebber.”
“No—I have no idea what he does to be honest. He is certainly well up on his anatomy, and he is a first-class chemist. But as far as I know he has never taken out any systematic classes. His studies are very desultory and eccentric, but he has amassed a lot of out-of-the way knowledge which would astonish anyone.”
“It is no matter,” Hope said. “Place yourself at ease. There are urges that men can not control.”
Saul squeezed my palm. “I have seen him before at the club. He strikes me as a rather lonely individual, filling his life with things he doesn’t really need in order to distract himself from what he really wants.”
“Though a strapping young lad of eighteen, I had no money and no plans and soon found myself lost in the wilderness, having neglected to plot out a true course in my journey. It is possible that I simply wished to obliterate myself and never have to face my terrible feelings. While disoriented and malnourished in the woods one day, I was saved by a band of natives, who took me back to their village and accepted me into their tribe. We call them the Sioux, though among their people they are known as the Lakota.”
I looked at those gathered in the eyes. “Is that so?” Furious nods of assent went around the circle. “Well they will all have to judge for themselves.”
Hope fixed his companion with a severe look, wondering about the convolutions that went on in the brains of these followers of the Church of Latter-day Saints. “And yet such passion will remain. Trust me, my friend, I have seen more of the world than you.”
“There was the ring,” I said. “Which was purported to be stolen, though you quickly deduced that this was merely a cover story. Yet Strangerson, who was the secretary of Enoch Dreber, had the ring with him in the end.” A bolt flashed in my mind and I realized there was an easy conclusion to make from this information. “Which means that Strangerson must have had the ring with him the whole time, even before the alleged robbery.”
“Come along, Doctor,” he said to me once I had finished dressing; “we shall go to the club called Rache to seek out further information—and perhaps a bit more entertainment.” Turning to Lestrade he said: “You and Gregson might wish to patronize the establishment yourselves sometime. It could help you with a difficult problem you both appear to be having.”
Alone at last, I felt more free to take my pleasure with him. We kissed with abandon, tongues intermingling like Parisians. The room was dark as ever, a single candle placed on a pewter tray near a mattress on the floor. Piles of pillows and blankets spilled from this rough-and-ready bed. The fact that hundreds of other men had previously given themselves to one another should have repelled me, but it instead stiffened me further.
“You sum up the difficulties of the situation succinctly and well,” he said. “There is much that is still obscure, though I have quite made up my mind on the main facts. I’m not going to tell you much more of the case, Doctor. You know a conjuror gets no credit when once he has explained his trick, and if I show you too much of my method of working, you will come to the conclusion that I am a very ordinary individual after all.”
“He is sure to be at his laboratory,” returned my companion. “He either avoids the place for weeks, or else works there from morning to night. If you like, we shall drive round together after supper.”
Stamford laughed. “It is not that, John,” he said. “Holmes is a little too scientific for my tastes—it approaches cold-bloodedness. But it is also that he is not a man who can be contained by another individual. He follows his own whims and desires and apparently has quite a fruitful time of it.”
With his wrists locked behind my head, he pulled back and gazed into my eyes. We held this position for a moment, memories of our encounters back in medical school flooding through my mind. With Stamford, it had always been more than a quick grunting fuck. I cared for him, deeply and honestly, just as much as any man has loved a close friend or companion. He had been true to me and the pleasures we gave one another. For that, I would always hold for him a place in my heart.
As if to save himself the embarrassment, Gregson busied himself with Strangerson’s letter, flipping the paper over. On the back in a charcoal pen was written the word ‘Rache.’
“Zis eez your ozer lover?” he asked Holmes.
His eyes fairly glittered as he spoke, and he put his hand over his heart and bowed as if to some applauding crowd in his imagination.
Still wishing not to move to fast and yet desperately needing to give in to his long-held yearning, Hope dropped to his knees and began to lick Strangerson’s downy rear. He heard whimpering come from his friend and decided to proceed. With his tongue, he ran a line up and down Strangerson’s tender crack, stoking the virgin’s desires. Strangerson felt his head awhirl with unbelievable passion, which only grew stronger when Hope’s lingual exploration served to sever apart his cheeks and the convert’s tongue came to rest atop his aching aperture.
I was surprised to find my companion speaking as though he were about to set out on a journey, since he had not said anything about it to me. There was a small portmanteau in the room, and this Holmes pulled out and began to strap. He was busily engaged at it when the cabman entered the room, an olive-skinned, rugged individual, with the long bushy moustache of a Texan.
“Oh yes,” Stamford blushed again, moving to an almost inaudible whisper. “He has the most incredible cock of anyone I have ever been with.”
The two had certainly spent enough time together in the intervening years, meeting daily for prayers and instructions, often alone in Hope’s well-built domicile. Their keenness for one another never passed into transgressive territory—Hope had learned his lesson from the turncoat miners—though the two men’s conversation always seemed to somehow get caught up in carnal matters.
Reaching forward, I grabbed the back of Gregson’s golden hair and maneuvered his bearded face into Holmes’ crack. He responded like a trained animal and, swiftly realizing what was expected of him, began to lick at Holmes’ hole. My flat-mate and I shared a grin as we both got down to business.
Breathing heavily, I walked around the block for as long as I dared. My dick had been tucked behind my belt for a good part of the evening, while my mind churned with thoughts of what I would to do Stamford once we were good and properly alone. Deciding that enough time had passed, I went up to the door and slipped the key into the lock.
“He and Rance were occasional lovers. But Strangerson had rejected Rance’s most recent offer of a dalliance. Apparently, Strangerson had rekindled an affair with an old paramour, a Mr. Jefferson Hope, and would have no other.”
Had the wanderer remained awake for another half hour a strange sight would have met his eyes. Far away on the extreme verge of the alkali plain there rose up a little spray of dust, very slight at first, and hardly to be distinguished from the mists of the distance, but gradually growing higher and broader until it formed a solid, well-defined cloud. This cloud continued to increase in size until it became evident that it could only be raised by a great multitude of moving creatures. In more fertile spots the observer would have come to the conclusion that one of those great herds of bisons which graze upon the prairie land was approaching him. This was obviously impossible in these arid wilds.
Before I could react, Holmes had stuck his hand down the front of my trousers, inside my underwear, and gently dabbed the end of my (now flaccid) penis. I nearly jumped back in surprise but the man swiftly removed his arm, a sheen of something on his finger.
I snapped around to find Holmes returning, a half-dressed man under one arm and fluted glass in the other hand.
Hope could have laughed at the naiveté of this Mormon youth. “It is an action that comes instinctually to all men. In certain places, we are taught to suppress it but in other societies it is considered a trivial matter.”
It was upon the 4th of March, as I have good reason to remember, that I rose somewhat earlier than usual, and found that Sherlock Holmes was still at his breakfast. I sat down to my own, picked up a magazine from the table and read it while my companion munched silently at his toast. One of the articles had a pencil mark at the heading, and naturally I began to run my eye through it.
Loosening my necktie, I knelt down on my knees. I could no longer stand not to have him in my mouth. His endowment stood out erect and ready as I pulled down his underwear and licked the muscles of his Apollo’s Belt. One of my fingers entered the crevice of his downy butt cheeks and toyed playfully with his hole. I rubbed my beard against his balls, sending uncontrolled shivers of pleasure through Stamford.
Holmes did not seem as caught up in this point as I was. “As proprietress of this establishment, she often takes certain liberties; observing the dalliances of her patrons for instance. I believe her choice of dress facilitates her hand playing with her own cunt.”
The next day, just as we had arranged, I arrived at No. 221 Baker Street, and found apartment B. From the outside, I could see that the space had two broad windows facing a sitting room, though a white curtain blocked my view indoors. As I approached the knocker, I heard a great deal of commotion coming from inside. There was the repeated sound of someone banging on the floor coupled with snorts and shouts.
Doffing my undergarments, I stood and assisted Gregson in removing the remainder of his clothing, the two of us now entirely naked in the drawing room. I took a moment to examine his beautiful body, which was as robust and brawny as I had imagined. His muscular physique was covered in a downy fuzz, a lighter match to my own coarse hirsuteness. I ran my hands along his sides, tugging at his fine chest hair as he arched his back and spread his butt cheeks below me. I spit on his hole and began to rub my member against his crack, which caused him to convulse in rapturous shivers. By now, he was fully hard again and I grabbed his shaft while placing another deep long kiss onto his lips.
“I saw you,” said Strangerson. “At the river. A few days ago.”
At first, we rarely had callers, save a dark-eyed man who was introduced to me as a Mr. Lestrade. I understood that Holmes had no interest in him sexually, and neither did I. As to what he and Holmes were discussing all the time, I couldn’t say.
I was glad to delay the orgasm for now the Moor stood up behind me, tapping his lurid purple-headed member against my pucker. In a fugue state, I nodded my head and felt his thick serpentine gift slip past my sphincter. He pushed it to full hilt with hardly any resistance, my antechamber stretching with ease to accommodate the enchanting beast of his implement. While issuing cries of ecstasy, I stood impaled between two exquisite men, one whose obliging arsehole was housing my immense bequest while the other was broadening my tight outlet with his own gargantuan manhood.
“Should anyone here object to this union…” Holmes said with a mischievous smile plastered to his face. “Then please do shut up about it for nobody cares.”
It was obvious the man was lying, but Holmes paid the statement no heed. He casually stretched his arms above his head, pulling the bottom of his waistcoat upward. The towering bulge of his crotch was evident, and the coiled outline of the gift the Lord gave him pressed luridly against the fabric. Holmes scratched at his member nonchalantly, but I saw how his eyes watched Drebber, whose gaze was magnetically drawn downward. In fact, no man in the room could fail to be impressed and even Gregson had trouble averting his eyes from Holmes’ obscenity.
“And this marriage ceremony,” I asked. “How did you come to know of it?”
That very evening I moved my things round from the hotel, and on the following morning Sherlock Holmes followed me with several boxes and portmanteaus. For a day or two we were busily employed in unpacking and laying out our property to the best advantage. That done, we gradually began to settle down and to accommodate ourselves to our new surroundings.
“Napayshni nodded. ‘Yes,’ he said. ‘I thought you might not be ready for it.’”
“Ah, that was a more daring shot, though I have no doubt that I was right. You must not ask me that at the present state of the affair.”
At the same time, I looked at Drebber’s face, my considerable instrument in his mouth and hairy satchel resting up against his chin. Our eyes met and he gave the briefest of nods, assenting to the minute movements I began to make with my hips. Warmth spread through my groin, elation fanning out into my body. This was sensational in every sense of the word. The three of us were a well-oiled sexual machine producing pleasure at treble the normal rate. Our actions felt primal, animalistic, and exceedingly masculine; for what better study of a man’s body than another man?
But by far the most spectacular thing in the room was Holmes’ cock. Large and throbbing, it was greater than any member I had ever come across. Holmes continually buried it in the other man’s arse, his eyes rolling to the back of his head as he moaned. He would pull it out, enormous and glistening, only to thrust its unimaginable dimensions back inside again. The dark-haired man on the floor appeared to be in heaven as he took the assault with ease. “Oui, oui,” he cried each time Holmes pushed in.
I shrugged. “Populus me sibilat, at mihi plaudo ipse domi.”
“Would you care for some, effendi?” said a delicate voice beside me, interrupting my thoughts.
“Is this something that will happen frequently if we are to live together?” I asked, annoyance in the edge of my voice. Though I have enjoyed my fair share men, above all else I am a Victorian gentleman, and prudence was my main operational mode. This open display of carnality was beyond anything I had heretofore experienced.
“When shall we see them?”
“But you must understand, I do not mix my recreational activities with either my friends nor my flat-mates. You and I will not be sleeping together. That is a firm rule.”
That six men could each achieve their completion nearly-simultaneously beside one another may seem unbelievable, especially to some readers. But such was life for me with Sherlock Holmes.
10. Plays the violin well.
“To forget it!”
Drebber finished first; unexpectedly as no one was stimulating his sex at that moment. Driven to orgasm by Holmes’ appendage alone, he shot an immense glob of thick white seminal fluid that painted the floor. Seeing this brought about my own flood of bliss, my muscles twitching as I expelled with a cry into Drebber’s willing maw. Holmes kept at it for a while longer, his pace quickening until he could no longer avoid release. He clamped his eyes and tossed his head at climax, producing so much cum that it inundated Drebber’s compartment and leaked out around the edges of his cock.
“I assumed you were told by Stamford, though I don’t recall telling him myself.”
Drebber cried out affirmative sounds, as if to say: “Yes, anything. Simply continue this astonishing pleasure.”
“Lestrade sometimes consults with me. A man of my talents can come in handy.”
Cradling his balls in my hand, I returned to his cock, urging as much of it into my oral cavity as I could. I do not always have the skills of other men—having never been particularly good at the exploit known as ‘deep-throating’—but there are times when my chute can be coaxed into performing incredible feats. Perhaps I merely wanted to show off for Gregson’s first encounter. But with slow and deliberate movements, I was able to slip farther and farther down his shaft, pausing occasionally to ensure that I could continue breathing without trouble. And quite soon, his entire erection was lodged deep within my vestibule, my lips pressing up against the wiry hairs of his crotch.
This final exclamation came in response to Holmes decisively slipping his cockhead into Drebber’s awaiting pucker. With his hands firmly grasping Drebber’s hips, a look of concentration and determination glued to his face, Holmes began a slow descent downward. Inch after inch of his marvel disappeared, gliding into Drebber with surprising ease. I watched the action, aroused beyond any measure, which seemed to take an inordinate amount of time.
Pulling the foreskin back, studying it carefully, I marveled at the object in my hand. Though I am a connoisseur of cocks, I know they are not always what one would call beautiful. Yet his was magnificent; evenly thick and immense, the slightest curve tapering upward to a perfectly rounded dome; the Platonic ideal of dick. Holding the shaft with two hands, I accepted Saul’s splendor into my mouth.
“Come now,” I said, grinning with reassurance. “Tell me what it is that brought you here in such a state.”
“At this, I broke down and began once again to cry. I pressed my face into his chest as he hugged me close with his great arms. I told him I had a great deal of love as well, and that I wished him all the happiness he wanted. I understood that the manner and immensity of his love meant he could never be contained by one person. I merely hoped he could share it with me.”
I woke in Holmes’ bed, alone. Shafts of morning light fell upon the wooden parquetry of the floor and I vaguely remembered getting up to relieve myself in the middle of the night. But exactly when the other two men had departed from the lumpy mattress, I couldn’t at the moment recall.
Continuing my earlier actions, I pumped at Gregson’s aperture, placing my hands upon his fair-haired buttocks to better direct my lunges. The immediate effect of this incursion was to send the young detective into a frantic whirl of tongue lashing, licking his lingual instrument all about Holmes’ rear end and occasionally even sending it to investigate the interior of the luscious compartment. Holmes took Gregson’s hands and placed them upon his enormous member, encouraging him to stroke it and experience the grandeur of its ridiculous dimensions. This tactile exploration extended to Holmes’ butthole, with each man placing fingers inside of Holmes at various times, loosening him for what was to come. Witnessing this incredible and sordid scene quickened my stroke, and all three of us issued groans of ecstatic delight.
We arrived at Lauriston Gardens Number 3. The whole place was very sloppy from the rain which had fallen through the night. The garden was bounded by a three-foot brick wall with a fringe of wood rails upon the top, and against this wall was leaning a stalwart police constable, surrounded by a small knot of loafers, who craned their necks and strained their eyes in the vain hope of catching some glimpse of the proceedings within.
“Anything else I can help you with, effendi?” he asked in a low voice.
On the pewter dish sat an array of oils and unguents. We each reached over to grab one; I smearing ointment on my impatient arsehole while he coated his substantial member with cream. Leaning down, I kissed him. We locked eyes in the low candlelight, sweat dripping down our faces. His ebullient smile melted my heart. This moment, the calm before the fucking, was one I wanted to savor for as long as I could.
“The Trichinopoly cigar,” I suggested.
I wondered if perhaps I should try to find more suitable lodgings.
Finally, Holmes gave a loud shout and came, his body shivering. He reached around to grab the other man’s hard dick, pumping it a few times until the man shuddered and ejaculated, a white puddle amassing on the floor beneath him.
Strangerson released a great exhalation. “How long have you known of this attraction?”
Holmes ignored my remark. “There was the case of Lord Gremely’s embarrassment last year. And the ambassador Von Bischoff more recently. Bradford was caught with Muller just last month, the story of which nearly reached the news. And all those cases could have been avoided with this.”
Mr. Drebber appeared confounded, and he glared hard at my companion. “My wife’s ruby ring,” he said. “It is an extremely valuable item, and it has gone missing following our recent holiday.”
Stimulated by these sights, the trio beside us now also found their bliss. First Rance, who shot out sticky ejaculate that coated himself and his penetrators. Then Saul, whose eyes rolled to the back of his head and he pressed his dick deep inside his companion. And finally Holmes gave forth a celestial cry, his powerful physique shuddering as he drained the contents of his mammoth bullocks into the pliant chute in which his exceptional member was encased. He even pulled out his fantastic contrivance—so improbable in its size and capacity for generating pleasure—and fired a volley of sultry gobbets in every direction about him.
