“Here,” he says, handing Dean his own, unlocked phone, and getting to his feet. “Show my dad those restoration pictures, whilst I go and prove to my mother that not all gay men have aesthetic sensibilities.”
“I feel like I should make a joke about pussy here.” Balthazar plucked the panties out of her reach.
“You always said you’d murder the next person to hurt your Baby,” Jo mocked. “I take it was your fault, as it’s the front end. What are you going to do now, murder yourself?”
But there was no response. The lawyer was unconscious, probably concussed, his jaw slack and eyes closed. He probably shouldn’t even be moved.
“Damnit, Sammy,” he said when they were alone, with only the beeping of monitors for company. “Even unconscious you get the girls, and that nurse is a looker.” He nudged Sam an unresponsive leg. “Maybe your nerdy personality comes over better this way.”
to knock myself out in the garage.” He leaned in. The leather was soft and supple under his fingers. “I don’t care if it’s the ‘wrong leather’. It’s still beautiful. Did you have to sew it together, to make it fit?”
Luckily it was deserted, and he was able to sponge his face with paper towels without anyone coming in and seeing him in such a state. When, at last, he felt his eyes wouldn’t betray him, he pulled his hat and scarf back on, and walked swiftly towards the elevator.
“God, no!” He’ll have to give her something. “He’s a Mature student in Business and Accounting. It’s a completely different department.”
“Cool. Righty ho. I see you’ve ticked the gay or bisexual box, Castiel, so just gotta check—no sex for the last 3 months? You absolutely sure?” She glanced between them, her gaze quizzical but unthreatening.
“My son is a very dedicated academic, as you might be aware, Dean. Anyway, Jane, we’re neglecting our guest.” With the air of someone changing the subject entirely, his father brings Dean into the conversation. “I see you’re a dog man Dean, just don’t let Caleb drink your champagne, he has a sensitive stomach.”
Dean raised an eyebrow. “Seriously, dude? Yeah. If you want. The driving lessons that is. Reckon the adventure will be Sam’s job.”
Castiel gripped her hand tighter. “Oh Charlie. I’m so sorry. Dean and the others must be devastated.”
“Oh!” Missouri gasped and put her hand to her mouth. “And so I’m finally getting to meet Dean’s young man!” She peered at Castiel, her gaze approving, then she looked up at Dean, standing by his shoulder. “He’s just as handsome as I remembered.”
“Have you seen the snow out there? It’s turning into a blizzard. I don’t even know what you were doing trying to drive on a night like this.” She puts her hands on her hips. “Now, pants off, so I can check you haven’t nicked an artery or something. I’ve just had this flooring put down and I don’t even want to try to get blood out of blonde wood.”
“Hey, you feelin’ okay?” Dean was eyeing him suspiciously. “I thought I was supposed to be the one passing out at the sight of blood.”
And now it looked like Sam was growing away from him, with his high-flying career, and fancy , possibly-pregnant, girlfriend, wherever
“Can I, how can I find out what happened to—” he began, not knowing whether anyone would be able to tell him anything, but hoping he could at least find out if the man had woken up.
“What’s wrong?” Castiel was glad to see her, if surprised that she’d bothered to travel out to his apartment.
“Over a year. The last time, it was over a year ago,” said Dean, breaking into Castiel’s flight of fluffy fancy.
“Oh, sure.” Dean turned a charming grin on the waitress. “A bit of sugar’ll help. Couple of cheeseburgers, please, er, Jen. Quick as you can, we gotta go save lives.”
Dean shook his head as they reached the Impala. “I wish I could, but Ruby had her claws well and truly into him. That’s why it was a relief—a shock, but also a relief—to find out about you, man.”
The crowd cleared, Bobby even putting his car magazine down to ask questions, which Jess answered reassuringly as she bustled about Sam’s bed.
“This is the one Bobby suggested. It’s got an automatic gearbox, and uh, “ he flushed again and pulled out a set of keys. “It’s got isofix, so that’s good.”
“Car this age, lucky to have ‘em at all.” Dean leant over him, smelling faintly of oil and leather, to point out the fittings. “We retrofitted them. It kinda wrecks the interior, and it’s not always possible, but Sam’s paranoid about the legal cases if someone got thrown through the window on one of our cars so we usually fit ‘em unless someone asks us not to.”
Dean scrubbed the back of his neck. “That’s, ah, not what I mean.” He nodded down at Castiel. “Does she know about—have you told her ‘bout Sam—and Cas, here?”
“Oh Castiel, those are lovely!” Ellen was sitting by the bed, Sam’s pale, lifeless hand held in her own. Beside her, Jo scowled.
“It’s lethal,” she whispered to Castiel in an aside, as eager hands took his coat and threadbare hat.
“Maybe you’ve been past my tollbooth at the transit?” Castiel hazarded, his confused gaze flickering to Dean, as Dean suddenly dreading what he knew would come, squeezed his way back round the table.
The room was packed full of people, in fact it looked like the previous night’s celebrations had continued, merely shifting location.
As they stared at each other, a shrill meow came from below. Gypsum stretched up, a paw against his thigh, as she tried to catch the swaying fabric.
“We’re only supposed to let next of kin in. You’ll have to stay very calm. He’s stable now, but still unconscious.”
“What type of car are we talking about?” Castiel wondered, as they headed deeper into a suburb that probably used to be a bit rough, but was clearly on the up. If this was where Bobby had his garage, it would be worth a fair bit now. “I wouldn’t feel comfortable accepting anything expensive.”
“No one could have stopped it,” Castiel said gently, putting his burger down. “It all happened too quickly. And once he was at the hospital, Ellen and Bobby were all there. Sam was well looked after. There was nothing you could have done, so there’s nothing to feel guilty about.”
“New one every few months. Usually changing state, or at least city, to make sure the child protection teams couldn’t track us. I barely went at all, too busy working to get enough money to feed Sam.”
If Charlie was Dean’s best friend, then the game was probably up, and frankly, at this point, it would a relief.
Dean returned just then, the keys jangling from his hand. “You look cold. Let’s get inside, out of the wind.” He walked to Castiel’s side first, unlocking the driver’s door and opening the door, before heading around the front to unlock the passenger side.
“I think you just promised you wouldn’t say anything to anyone else, actually.” Dean rolled his shoulders, the fabric of his T-shirt stretching over his muscles.
“I’ll be heading to the hospital in the evening.” Castiel gathered his belongings. “Thanks for the lift, I’m glad I didn’t have to walk home tonight.”
He wriggles forward, inching down his trousers, aiming for optimal coverage. Thank god, at least, he’s got clean boxers on. Because at some point, he’s going to be meeting Mrs Novak again, if he survives the evening. And he doesn’t want to go through life known as the guy who doesn’t change his underwear.
He assumed Balthazar had been hoping to sneak them out and take them home. He didn’t want to think about what would have happened next.
his fiancee?” asked Missouri, looking bewildered, but she was tucking happily into the pie dish. Just dipping into it, right in the middle, with her dessert spoon.
On standing up, Dean had crashed to the floor and been forced to eat three more cookies before Donna would let them go.
“Are we celebrating?” Cas asks, once they’ve installed Dean, his thigh now bandaged, on the couch in the lounge. They haven’t had a moment alone together since Dean arrived, which is turning out to be something of a problem.
Castiel, you can’t sleep with guilt if you tell the tiniest white lie! This could go on for months. They could be planning the wedding for all you know, then Sam wakes up you’ll end up in some soap-worthy hospital wedding before you can say ‘well actually I just pretended to be his fiancé because…’” He lifted his palms. “Because
“O-kay…” Donna turned to her form, her brow wrinkled. “So, just the same questions here, Dean. You’ve put down that you’re either gay or bisexual, and—”
He should have said no, but instead there he was, forcing himself into a closer and closer relationship. And he’d obviously sounded rather too enthusiastic, for Dean eyed him suspiciously.
“Already told you. Someone had to pay for Sammy’s extras, and I was happy to be a grease monkey. Wasn’t much good for anything else.”
“Well, maybe not tonight then. If we’re both short of blood, we’ll probably end up getting getting kicked out of the bar.”
All was quiet and he crept forward, lifted his old trench coat from the coat stand, and bent to pick up his shoes.
His head titled to one side, Castiel considered the car. It was a good, solid family car. Luxurious even.
to belong. It’s always been his weakness.” Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. “This is nothin’ most people don’t know. Truth is, as he might have told you, our family’s fucked up. Our mom died in a house fire, when Sam was a baby. You know that. And you know Bobby and Ellen took us in eventually.”
She petted Gypsum for a few minutes, her brow furrowed, whilst he looked hopefully, but unsuccessfully, in the cupboards for some biscuits.
“Yes. A bad time. The man I love is in a coma, Gypsum has been stealing Mrs Mancini’s lingerie again, and I—”
They parked up in front of the tired-looking building that was probably the original garage. Steps ran above the doors, to a smaller, domestic door, leading to the second storey. Dean followed his gaze.
He flails in the direction of the house, and for the first time, Dean looks at it properly. It’s got a long drive and the mail box with that damned flag, on the perimeter of the property. And it’s too dark to see the house properly, but from the number of windows, it’s big. Bigger than anything Dean’ ever known.
“Cas, man.” Dean’s gaze dropped. He was twisting the paper napkin between his fingers. “It was nothin’ special. Sam was a good kid, anyone woulda—”
Fortunately it was the end of the day and the ticket booth was closed. All that was left for them to do was count up and pull down the shutters.
“Oh,” said Charlie, meditatively, painting pictures on the sugar-strewn table. “I find that a little strange. They’re so close.”
She’s being much more gentle than Dean or even Sammy would be. When he gets a cut at the garage he doesn’t go pussyfooting around with antiseptic wipes, and gauze. He’s even, on the odd occasion, tried to suture himself.
He was ignoring the little voice telling him that apparently they already knew. Jo had just been the one to point it out.
“I barely felt a thing,” said Castiel, continuing to produce rabbits. Dean eyed the finger, which was still bleeding, dubiously.
look good when the truth came out, but he’d also have to insure and tax it, and he just didn’t have the cash.
“I’m not… Dean you’re not seriously asking me to check that poor boy’s buttock? That’s practically assault!” Ellen stepped away from the bed, as though fearing someone might force her to pull back the covers.
Cringing, Dean made straight for the lift, still pulling on his jacket. He glanced at his watch. It was still early. If he went to Bobby’s now, he’d have to submit to Ellen and Jo’s interrogation on his—non-existent—love-life, and if Bobby was home they’d probably end up having yet another discussion about expanding the rescue and retrieval side of the business into suburbs like Evanston or Clarendon Hills. Bobby wanted him to have something that he, alone, was responsible for, as preparation for taking over when Bobby himself retired; but the last thing Dean wanted was to deal with yet more junk… that didn’t fit into his plans at all.
“Oh,” he said, and took another bite consideringly. Maybe it came with a supermarket voucher or something, which wouldn’t be unwelcome. He could buy a turkey crown, have a proper Christmas for once.
“Listen, man. I’m trying to tell you. Just let me get there.” Dean gazed straight ahead. “Well, after the fire, dad went off the rails, more than a bit. Left me lookin’ after Sam, as you know. He got drinking, and that kinda thing’s never pretty. He was convinced he could track down the arsonists, and he kept taking off, following some lead.”
“You—you barely know me,” he protested, torn between longing for a family Christmas at last, and the knowledge that spending more time with Sam’s family would only make it harder, on all of them, when the truth came out.
"Didn't I tell you?" Missouri smiled around at them, her spoon suspended in the air. "I knew those boys were made for each other."
“Uh, maybe I should just take Dean up to the bathroom.” Cas steps forward, globs of cheese sauce spattered down his shirtfront. “Not everyone is as comfortable with baring all as some of our family are.”
“Seven o’clock sharp,” she called, as he struggled back into his coat and stumbled towards the door, his head bowed.
“I’ve given you a full sachet today, you must be starving after last night.” He hadn’t expected to stay over at Bobby and Ellen’s, but luckily he’d given Gypsum a larger dinner than usual, to make up for his absence in the evening.
Dean had to agree with Bobby. It had certainly been a surprise, at least to him, when, after finishing High School, Jo had enrolled on a law course at the fancy, all girls, private college on the south side of Chicago. At the time he’d wondered what was driving it, but he’d been too worried about Sam mixing with Crowley to take much notice.
Castiel squeezed his eyes shut. “You just stay there,” he hissed, shoving Balthazar into the cupboard.
“What shall I do? I need to tell the family, and with this Ruby person too, I don’t want to cause trouble between them.”
. He had sandy brown hair, green eyes and a stubbled jaw. Admittedly, he looked like he hadn’t slept in days, but he was still the most handsome man Castiel had ever set eyes on, with upturned lips and a smattering of freckles across his cheeks.
They were soon surrounded by medics, and Castiel trailed behind them, through the doors into what he recognised, from TV shows, to be Resus. That meant the man’s condition was serious, he knew.
“Well it’s not like a fancy lawyer would be interested in someone like me anyway, even if he was, you know, interested in someone like me.”
A woman screamed on the platform, and a train’s horn blared, close—too close—as the rails vibrated under his feet. Castiel glanced up; strangely distant. It suddenly felt like he was floating, high above the scene, trapped in unreality, as time slowed and warped.
Castiel slid into the driver’s seat. It really was beautiful. The steering wheel seemed to be made of wood, and another panel of wood ran across the whole dashboard. Between the two front seats was another panelled console, and a shiny silver ball he took to be the gear-lever. He ran his hand over it, flinching as his palm encountered cold metal. It was a good shape though, fitting perfectly into his palm.
“I can imagine. I’m more of a knitter myself, though it usually ends with Gypsum chasing the balls of wool around my apartment.”
Castiel offered him a small smile, used to comforting other people for the death of his own father. “It’s okay. No… It’s, I mean, it probably sounds a little strange, but we never went, though I think my dad always hoped we would one day. It was just something we did for fun, to keep us entertained through the winter.” He shrugged, a little self-conscious from the considering look Dean was giving him. “I told you it was odd.”
“We wouldn’t know.” Ellen picked up her eggnog. “Because you’ve never said anything, until today. But yes… we know you wouldn’t go for Jo, and that’s half the problem.”
Dean nodded distractedly as he pulled off the main stretch and headed for the suburb where Bobby’s first junkyard now took up an entire block. He still hadn’t got to the bottom of how Sam and Castiel had met and got engaged. Maybe it had started out as just sex, his brother had taste, he’d give him that. But then why the rapid engagement?
“It was only the truth,” Castiel said, folding his arms and leaning against the kitchen counter. “And the longer we trick them, the worse it’s going to be when they find out. Dean and I got quite friendly last night, I’d hate to—I mean, when this comes out, I don’t want him to feel betrayed, or, or stupid for not having followed his instincts.” He shook his head. “I don’t think he’ll ever forgive me.”
“Who else is goi—” The door security light flared, illuminating them on the driveway. Dean glanced towards the house, and grimaced. “And… here we go.”
“Here you are,” she said, shoving the second hotdog at him. “You look like you could do with a hot meal.”
Castiel handed the next customer their little blue ticket, then rested his chin in his hands and sighed.
“The one who’s taking you clothes shopping?” Dean quirked an eyebrow as, with some difficulty, he dragged his gaze back to Castiel’s face.
Castiel blocked his path. “That doesn’t make it any better! Women would be treated with respect, not harassed when they’re just going about their business.” He sighed. “Look. I’d really really appreciate it if you’d stop telling people we’re dating. Because we really,
“Um, a gang was trying to steal his watch, the Rolex, you know,” Castiel glanced at the older man uncertainly. He was the only one who hadn’t said anything. “They pushed him on the tracks when he refused to give it up. But, you know I’m not actually—”
charming,” Castiel said, lightly. He slammed the door shut behind him and slipped out, beyond Dean’s reach. Not of course that he was stupid enough to think a silly absent-minded flirtation actually meant anything, and he
“You look like you’ve been attacked.” She wipes the drying blood from his knee. “Though it’s strange they’re only on your legs.”
“Bobby needs me here.” Dean sighed and rubbed his first through his hair. “That sign outside? Used to be ‘Singer and Sons’. Then Sam up and went to law school, and I painted the ’s’ off. Bobby needs me now, more than ever. I won’t paint out the ‘son’, not when he’s been the closest thing to a proper father we’ve ever had.”
Castiel stared at him. Perhaps the brothers weren’t as close as he’d assumed. Four months seemed an awfully long time not to visit your own brother when you lived in the same city.
Dean didn’t, because, thankfully, and despite the hair, the only kid Dean had had to bring up was Sam.
But Balthazar had installed himself on the window seat, and was peering through the condensation; eyeing someone up, by the looks of it. He glanced back over his shoulder. “A bad time?”
“Champagne anyone?” Cas’s dad reappears, a bottle of some fancy-looking champagne, Angel something, held aloft. “You too, Dean, it doesn’t sound like you’ll be driving anywhere tonight, and any friend of Cas’s is a friend of ours, especially at Christmas.”
Dean nodded as the skinny man approached them. He was pale, but he had a wide smile, and launched himself at Dean, who patted him gingerly on the back.
“My shift ran-over,” Charlie said airily, pulling off her mittens, “But I’m glad there’s time for Eggnog.”
“Oh, okay then.” The carer looked disappointed, but she said goodbye to Missouri sweetly enough before heading back to the Uber.
“Don’t be silly, Joanna-Beth. Castiel saved his life, there were witnesses. And he’s been coming here every day.”
“I’m not surprised, if the only option’s men like you.” Jo grabbed the wine from his grasp and poured her own glass, as Charlie swung into the room, her scarlet hair snow-speckled and her cheeks flushed with cold.
“Oh.” He gestured to his pocket. “I brought a sub from home. I actually not that hungry, I don’t need–”
Dean flushed under the security light. “Yeah, well. Look, Jo. We’re coming. You go get me a beer, there’s a good girl.”
near as much as you’d think. You can’t ask full market price when you’ve taken short-cuts. I don’t like doing it, it feels wrong, somehow, not to have everything just right, but Bobby would rather get them restored quickly and out on the forecourt.”
Dean nudged him. “Don’t look so tragic. It’s all fixable.” He scrubbed his hand through his hair. “I mean, next time I teach you to drive we’re borrowing Charlie’s Gremlin. But other than that…”
As they entered the ER, a pretty young woman in nurse’s scrubs appeared, brushing her blond ringlets from her face.
very handsome of course, though he’s not my usual type. Um. His smile, I suppose that was the first thing I noticed.”
“Not one for formal wear, huh? Think you’ve picked up the wrong coat, that one looks like it belongs to a tax accountant.”
“I’ll help.” Dean got to his feet. “Show me what to do. I’m a mechanic, it can’t be all that different from a car engine.”
“You need rest, Ellen. You can’t take risks.” Charlie attempted a reassuring smile. “And Sam would kill me if he woke up to find you’d made your heart worse. Dean too.”
“I don’t even know Sam, not really. He’s a customer, we pass the time of day occasionally, and he—well, he’s very handsome, though not my usual type, and he was nice to me, instead of rude like most of the customers.” He looked up at her beseechingly. “It was just a fantasy. You have no idea how boring it is sitting in that booth, day after day, when I want to be out on the open road but can barely even afford a trip downtown on the transit.”
Castiel nodded, his face still troubled, and Dean hit the stereo button before he could put his foot in his mouth yet again.
Now Bobby was gazing at Dean, an unreadable expression in his eyes, as Dean reluctantly showed him the damage.
“You attended the same school?” Castiel hazarded, feeling his way through the conversation. “Stanford’s a long way from Chicago—and London.”
He got the impression Dean was not usually one to talk about his feelings. The slight awkwardness when Dean had arrived that morning, given what they’d shared the night before, had given him the tip off, and he’d decided to keep the conversation on a casual line.
“I don’t think that’s for you,” he said, as Gypsum sprang into the box, grabbed the brightly coloured toy and rolled over on the coat.
“Who you looking for?” The man had a strange accent, like a Brit who’d been in the US too long, and his tone was sultry.
don’t want them! Why don’t you drop them off at her place, on your way out.” He raised an eyebrow as Balthazar turned and bolted into the hallway, abandoning the panties. “If you're very lucky, she might even reward you.”
“I know, and if you’d said anything different, I’d be wondering it I was doing the right thing.” She patted his arm. “But think of it this way. You’ve done this family an injury, albeit unintentionally, by pretending to be their prospective son-in-law. If you tell the truth now, when they’ve nothing else to do but worry, you’re going to make things even worse. You could even kill Ellen Harvelle. So you need to stick it out. Try not to lie more than you must, but spend time with them, distract them. All you have to do is hang on until Sam comes out of the coma, and then they’ll be so happy they won’t care.”
try something on with Jo. She’s—she’s practically a kid. And I don’t go for kids. Or, women much, these days.”
“That’s, er.” Dean coughed. “Sorry, TMI really, it bein’ my brother n’all. But, wow. OK. You should get checked out man. I’m sure Sam would help out, you know, if your insurance didn’t cover it properly, or… whatever.” He turned away, his face flaming red, and got to his feet. “I think we’re done here.”
“Thanks,” the receptionist said, taking both clipboards. “I’ll check these through, and if everything’s ok, I’ll get Donna, our nurse to take you through for the preliminary checks. I’ll just be a minute.”
“I think he got the looks too,” she said with a smile, before hurrying off to fetch the doctor, leaving him to pull up a chair next to Sam’s bed.
Wondering, he followed, Ellen squeezing his arm, as they gathered, out of ear shot of the group by the fire.
Jessica, the nice nurse, found him wavering him by the elevators and ushered him towards Sam’s room, all the while giving him an update.
Garth gave him a smile. “You’re Sam’s fiance, right? It’s good to meet you.” He pulled Castiel in for a hug, and Castiel met Jo’s amused gaze, over one woollen-cardiganed shoulder. “I’ve been hearing a lot about you, all good of course.”
“It’s fine, Dean,” he said, hastening to reassure him, and turned back to Donna. “And it’s um, we’re not—”
Feeling like the chicken and roast potatoes were plotting their revenge on his digestion, Dean followed him slowly to the back of the house. He had no great hopes for a conversation that had to take place in the snug, if the previous conversation, awkward as it was, was fit for the lounge.
“Dean saved his life,” put in Jo, from her chair by the bed. She was watching him with curious eyes. “I still can’t believe you haven’t met him.”
He knew he should probably go get some physical therapy, but he’d had a look at some prices and it was going to cost him well over a hundred bucks ago. He figured he could hang on, see if it got better on its own.
“Yeah?” Dean shrugged easily and clinked their bottles together. “We’re saving lives! I didn’t lie.”
Something hit him on the arm, and he looked down at his lap to see one of Gabe’s candies. He glanced out of the ticket office window, but for once there was no one waiting, perhaps it was finally the end of the Christmas eve rush, everyone heading home early, to be with their families.
“He nervous around needles?” she asked, as she pressed something sharp into his finger, and then dipped a test strip into the small bubble of blood that appeared on his skin. “There you go, all over. Easy peasy, wasn’t it.”
“He ate a rabbit and vomited in the rose-bed earlier." She takes the pies and lodges them on the hall console. "They look amazing. But three, Cas?”
“I, erm, it’s been men, recently, though. There were women, years ago. But not, I mean, I’m not, they don’t really…”
Pimp hadn’t exactly been the look he was going for, if he’d been going for any kind of aesthetic at all. He turned his gaze back to the Lincoln.
“Sam’s always been desperate to fit in,” Dean continued, coming to unlock the passenger side, and then going round to the driver’s door. “I probably shouldn’t be telling you…”
“Well I was gonna say Donald Trump, but I guessed you wouldn’t take it as a compliment.” Dean got to his feet. “So, whaddya think then?”
“Sounds like he’s abusing his position.” Dean shook his head. “Man, I cannot believe Sam’s happy for you to stay here when he’s got his fancy apartment and more money than he even needs.”
“Sounds like things are going the right way, then,” Donna said, pulling on blue gloves. “So, I gotta just go over these questions one final time before doing the bloods, so please don’t take it personally. Which of you’s Castiel Novak?”
“Okay,” said Gabriel, holding up one finger. “Firstly, I think you’ll find that Christmas is overrated.” He shuddered. “Seriously. Family like mine, grim. In fact I’m thinking of pretending to be getting married just so I can justify spending Christmas on my own next year. If it gets much worse, I’ll have to fake my own death too.”
Ellen shook her head. “Not just as a brother. I’m sorry Dean, I hope this doesn’t make things awkward between you. But we had to say something. That’s why she’s being so difficult, we think. She’s spent so long pretending you’re hers, whether as a crush, or her pretend ‘kick ass’ boyfriend, that what you said today, and seeing you with other people, she had to come face to face with reality, and well, she didn’t react well.”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” he said. “And I’ll go tell them to stick their noses out of our business, if that helps, but it doesn’t excuse her behaviour today, and with Cas. What the hell kinda problem’s she got?”
“Well. I’ll admit it’s been a while since my last period,” Castiel joked, weakly. Then, when Dean didn’t respond, he held out his arms, his dad’s old coat threadbare at the elbows, creased and a little tattered at the cuffs. “Look at me, Dean, look at my clothes. Do I
seemed to spring back to life, attempting to herd them all towards the house. “Just a minor prang, it can all be fixed.”
“So…” Dean opened his eyes at last, his face entirely blank. “When you said you really didn’t know what you were doing…”
“Space on the drive,” Dean announced, pulling the Impala into a wide turn and up the slight incline of the paved driveway, accompanied by a strange scraping noise. “Charlie’s probably still stuck at the hospital. At least,” he muttered, as he turned off the ignition, “That’s one less person in the peanut gallery.”
Swallowing, Castiel nodded, as he sized Dean up from the corner of his eye. They were all alone, no one to help. He didn’t
“I don’t know for sure,” Dean admitted, after a moment. “But he was acting pretty weird for a while. And I
“A mechanic!” His mother is saying. “That’s a good, useful skill. And studying too, I don't know how you find the time. But you're not an undergraduate, surely?”
“No big deal.” Dean held her gaze. “Look, everyone’s freakin’ out about it, and Cas there’s feeling pretty bad already. It wasn’t his fault, was mine, if anything.” He cast a reassuring glance Castiel’s way, and Castiel smiled hazily back.
But then, Castiel wondered as he looked round at them, trying to force down the panic that was making his breath come quickly, what was the cat food for? There was only one obvious answer here—unless Sam volunteered at the Cat’s Home, and somehow he didn’t seem the type—so he doubled down. A family who didn’t know about the first, the
“Just wonderin’ how you're gonna explain how you’ve gone all Martha Stewart. You're obviously not usually the domestic type.”
“Did ya think you were subtle?” Bobby snorted a laugh. “The only surprise was when Sam turned out to be gay before you did… And he actually
A thump and gasp from the hallway recalled him to his uninvited guest. He dropped his phone on the counter, then, sighing once more, he stalked over to the closet. His first priority was to get rid of Balthazar, before that idiot caused him any more problems. He dreaded to think what Balthazar had been up to in the twenty minutes Charlie was there, but at least he couldn’t get into too much trouble in a closet.
“Hey,” says Dean, pressing a kiss to his icy cheek. “Personal Uber here. We’ll be fine, Baby an’ me. Sam and Bobby’ll be waiting.” Unless Sammy’s got revenge for his thwarted practical joke and is tucking into one of those pies already.
“How’s he doing today?” Dean stepped forward eagerly, his eyes scanning the room, over Jess’ shoulder.
Moving quietly, he gathered up the gifts he’d been surprised with the previous night. A new hat and glove set from Ellen, a bottle of whisky from Bobby, a framed photo of Sam from Jo. He’d almost cried when he saw the hastily-made stocking hanging next to all the others on the fireplace, his name, ‘Castiel’ tacked onto the fabric with broad stitches.
Castiel nodded, biting his lip as laughter began to bubble up inside him. It really did serve Balthazar right.
“What on earth were they? It’s not mosquito season.” Suddenly Mrs Novak’s back between his legs, armed with more antiseptic swabs. “Something’s been devouring you.”
“Especially not to Dean,” she repeated. “He actually opened up about his childhood, huh?” She stared down into her tea, turning the cup slowly in her mittened hands. And then she sighed. “You’re right that he will find this hard to forgive—”
“I’m not surprised.” Castiel shook his head, reassessing everything he’d thought about Sam. “And you really think Sam—”
“Ooof. I’m exhausted.” Charlie closed her eyelids, and he was shocked by the purple crescents underneath her eyes. “I was working all night and I should be in bed by now. A cup of tea would be great thank you.”
“It’s all right, Cas, I mean.” Dean’s cheeks had flushed scarlet. “Everyone’s got their thing, right?”
Yeah, shit. That hurt. Great, probably some glass stuck in his thigh. It’s getting colder too, and the snow hasn’t stopped its dizzying tumble. He needs to get out of this, and fast.
“Oh no,” Castiel blurted, scooting his chair back with a screech. “I’m not very good at these sorts of things.” He flushed under Dean’s bewildered gaze. “I can help with anything else though, tidying up the room or something.”
“Seriously?” Dean spluttered, then covered it up with a cough. “It doesn’t really go with you, with your coat.” He gestured at Castiel’s trench.
“I meant scientifically,” Cas hedges, as Dean stiffens and his cheeks flush dark red. He has to be careful. One ill-thought word, aimed only at reassuring his parents, could crush Dean’s already fragile self-esteem. “I promise you I had no intention of meeting any of the clients in person. Although,” he continues, “Some of them were quite nice honestly, there was this elderly—”
“It’s all right sweetie, you didn’t actually have to tell me any of that. All I needed to know is when you last had sex with men, er, or just a man.” She darted a quick glance at Castiel. “Unless, as I said, you’d like to continue this discussion elsewhere.”
“Pass Dean’s young man the gravy,” Missouri chided, as Jo helped herself. “He needs feeding up, Garth too, a skinny boy like that.”
Dean’s voice came from just over his shoulder, his breath setting goosebumps down Castiel’s neck. “Don’t you have to wave your hand or something? Sam was telling me this place has everything automatic. Just have to wave the right way and the lights come on.”
“It’s because of you,” Castiel told him, turning to look him in the eye. “I know it’s hard to watch him get every desire. I
“Who are you then?” demanded the woman, Ellen, apparently. “He’s not religious, he don’t need a priest.”
liked long hair he could run his fingers through, as he’d once told Dean when in one of his over-sharing moods. Dean grunted. Probably why he’d grown his own mane so ridiculously long. Gave him somethin’ to fiddle with when he hadn’t got a girlfriend.
For a second, Dean’s eyes lit up, but then they dimmed. “Like that’s gonna happen.” He changed the subject. “You ever driven a manual gearbox before?”
invite you over. That’s just the kind of people they are. They adopted me because my own parents died, and you
haven’t been there,” Castiel said, keeping his distance from the panties. “Those aren’t mine, Balthazar.”
Dean clapped his hands together. “Jo says you’ve made apple pie.” He turned to Castiel. “It’s my favourite. Ellen is a
about Dean. “He really opened up, told me a lot about himself, and his upbringing, and I just felt awful, letting him believe my lies.” He rubbed his hand over his face and looked up at her beseechingly. “I can’t do it any more, Charlie, especially not to Dean, after everything he’s been through.”
Still frowning he wandered around the lot, immediately dismissing the SUVs as far too expensive, and the fuel consumption would be something akin to a NASA shuttle. Not, he reminded himself, as he shook his head at a Jeep, that he was actually going to
the Lincoln. Dean was usually quite taciturn, grumpy almost, but in the garage, talking about cars, he seemed to come alive.
Castiel cracked a reluctant smile, not entirely unhappy to have put Dean on the wrong-foot, if it meant he’d keep his comments and suspicions to himself in future. He pulled the door open and prepared to make his escape.
“That’s no good.” Dean strode across the forecourt. “You need something to get you to the hospital and back, save your knee and stop you passing out on the transit. It was a stupid idea. Bobby suggested a modern runaround, but I thought you’d—you admired Baby, so I thought you’d like— But yeah, not so practical I guess.”
“Why is it called the ‘Pimpmobile?’” There had been some TV programme years back but he’d never got round to seeing it. “I never actually watched that ‘Pimp my Ride’, it always clashed with David Attenborough’s ‘Blue Planet’. That’s a wildlife documentary,” Castiel clarified, as Dean frowned. “Does that mean the owner lends it out to different people, like a pimp, ah, rents out their women?”
“Bobby!” Jo was practically dancing. “Look at this!” She draped herself across the bonnet of damaged Impala, a car show model in ripped jeans and pink slippers.
Dean led him around the side of the forecourt, past some modern saloons and SUVs, mostly a few years old, and towards a covered area. In pride of place was a low slung dark green car, single door, with a coupe back and a wide, flat grille.
“Well if it isn’t Castiel!” He leaned in as Castiel reached the landing, leering, his strong aftershave making Castiel’s nose twitch. “So, hey, Doc, I’ve got this burning sensation in my nipples. Would you like to take a look?”
Jess shrugged again. “You’re a pretty boy, I’m sure you can charm him into it.” She turned her attention back to Sam and peeled back the corner of the sheet. “And now you’d better go, because I’m pretty sure neither you nor Sam want you to see what happens next.”
“Sam doesn’t have a tattoo! He thinks they’re crass.” Jo looked offended on Sam’s behalf, which was almost amusing because Castiel was sure she probably had a few tattoos under her ripped jeans and band t-shirt.
This was worse. This wasn’t a date. They knew. This was a, a what did Gabriel call it? Oh yes, an intervention.
He should probably return them straight away, before they got ruined. He shook his head at the frustrated cat.
Castiel stared at her. Hannah was always pleasant to him—as long as he turned up on time for his shifts at the CTA tollbooth in La Salle—but she had never invited him to lunch before. As she scanned the price list on the stall, he eyed her suspiciously, looking for any sign of what this was all about.
“Well, not immediately. But yeah, from about eight or so, I used to do little jobs, things people’d pay a few bucks for, here and there, shovelling ice, sweeping yards, even passing messages between the local big guys. Probably more like drugs than messages, but I didn’t realise it at the time. Later on I hustled pool, worked behind the bar in dives, that kinda thing.”
“Sam’s old friend from Stanford? He was here the day after the accident too,” Castiel confirmed, getting to his feet, ready to escape to the bathrooms if Jess started reading out Sam’s personal information. “He brought Sam’s effects over from the office.”
“I imagine Sam always looks good,” Castiel observed, following Dean into Sam’s room and standing by his bed. “But he definitely looks better.”
“I dropped in on my way to see you. That’s blonde nurse was there, Jess. She was askin’ after you,” Dean told him, heading north. “You know, she’s always in there, chattin’ to Sam. Reckon she’s got a—”
“You couldn’t see before?” Castiel pressed his hand to his chest in mock dismay. “So, will you tell your family now you’ve seen their reaction?” He stopped as a thought hit him. Was it fair to encourage Dean to reveal all, thinking Sam was an ally, believing he wasn’t alone in this? “Don’t let me push you,” he added quickly. “You should only do it in your own time, when you feel ready.”
“You… you, er can drive, can’t you?” Dean asked, when Castiel didn’t reply. “We didn’t even think about that.”
Still blinking, Cas steps forward, slips a supportive arm under Dean’s shoulder. “That’s what you think,” he mutters, thankfully for Dean’s ears only, as Mrs Novak leads the way to the brightly lit kitchen.
“Nah.” Jo shook her head and refused to give ground. “Mom, he’s hiding something, look at him. He’s doing that shifty thing with his eyes.”
As soon as the surgeon had finished his poking around, humming and checking the oxygen supply, Dean turned to group chat to share the news with the rest of the family. Of course, Ellen immediately started planning a party in Sam’s room that damn evening, sending them all a flurry of messages about defrosting the extra turkey and looking for someone to collect more wine from the liquor store. And when Jo started using the group chat to argue that Ellen should be taking it easy, Dean decided to bow out before he could get dragged into a family row.
He knew Charlie wasn’t working that evening, and Jo had mentioned the previous night that the rest of the family would spend the day with Dean, who hadn’t yet opened his presents, or eaten the second Turkey.
“How are we going to tell them?” Castiel asked, his heart already sinking at the thought. “I don’t want to make Ellen ill with shock.”
—I am so sorry about that, by the way, more sorry than you’ll ever know.” With an effort, he gathered his thoughts. “Now you’re giving blood, and you’ve had a lot of shocks today…even Fluffy must have been a surprise.”
God, he was adorable. For a moment Castiel was struck by an alternative reality, one in which he and
Dean shakes his head. He still hasn’t removed his trousers. “I don’t wanna intrude. I can get an Uber or somethin’, it’s—”
Stepping over Gypsum, who was threading around his legs, he gathered up Charlie’s mug and returned it to the kitchen. Dean had sent him a text earlier, to remind him to get his iron levels sorted, and he hadn’t yet had a chance to reply.
“What?” Dean stopped, the flood of information arrested on his tongue. “Well yeah. Always has been.”
“That sucks.” Dean frowned. “But what about your twin? Where was… I mean, I know he died, but you said he was a tax accountant, so…” He faltered to the end, his face red.
An annoyance though she currently was, he didn’t actively want her hurt. She was his sister, after all.
Once they were alone in the hallway, he gently divested Missouri of her coat, woollen hat, and gloves, before arranging her hair just how she liked it.
He stared at the catnip toy and a very familiar package with dismay. Three sachets of Top Cat fish soup. It was Gypsum’s favourite, but he could only afford to buy it for her adoption day dinner.
then he wouldn’t be able to give blood, and at this point that was the one good thing he could do for Sam, and anyone else who needed it.
“Okay then, if you’re sure.” Lips quirking another one of those gentle Cas smiles, Cas carefully takes the stack of pies, and with a last kiss to Dean’s cheek, trudges up the driveway through the snow.
Castiel nodded, cursing the flush that rose on his cheeks and hoping Dean would attribute them to the frosty night air. “Thanks to you, yes. I’m sorry I forgot to eat; that was stupid of me.”
“He came with me.” Dean folded Sam’s arm back down to the bed, his large mechanic’s hands strangely gentle. “I’m keeping an eye on him.”
“Because of the panty thing?” Dean’s grin softened as he pulled off his jacket and laid it carefully over the sofa arm. “Sorry, Cas. It was just a bit of a surprise. You don’t seem the type… then again I probably don’t either.”
“We, er we haven’t introduced them yet.” He led Dean further into the sitting room, thanking every deity there was that at least he’d managed to get Balthazar out of the apartment. His landlord watching porn in his cupboard would have been even harder to explain than the panties. He waved Dean to the sofa. “Avoid that end of the couch, unless you want a surprise circumcision.”
“Let’s see where you live, eh, mystery man,” he muttered to himself, spotting a sizeable gap between a truck and a Prius. The area was definitely on the up if the Prius invasion had made it out here.
“Uh-no.” Dean shook his head, smiling a little as Gypsum kneaded his thighs. “You happy down there kitty? Nah. It’s for
“Well, yes.” He fussed with the cups. “He took me over to Sam’s apartment after something of a showdown in Sam’s room.”
“What’s going on?” An older-looking man appears in the hallway. He pushes between his son and wife with more strength than Dean would have expected, and looking Dean up and down, he fixes Dean with a stern eye. “Stay there, young man. Tell us what you need, and we will phone for help, but you don’t take one step over that—”
Castiel stopped by at the hospital on his way through town, just to check on Sam before heading over to his apartment, which, going by Google streetview was a glistening glass and metal tower down by the river.
Dean shoved his hands in his jean pockets. “Some idea of a ‘wildlife’ you’ve there. No, man, it’s ‘pimped up’ like, a, a pimp’s car, you know…? The kinda car a pimp would think it was cool to
“So-so,” said Bobby, leaning over Jo and grabbing a roll. “She’s on some drugs that are slowing the disease down, and she’s still going to the social club every week, which is good for her—keeps her stimulated.”
Even the murky waters of the Chicago River were a relief after the concrete and steel of La Salle Street, and its environs, and though he knew walking would burn off energy he could ill afford to lose, he could never resist the pull of the only bit of nature he ever got to see.
A flustered woman in her early seventies opens the door. Dean steps back, trying to look as unthreatening as possible. He knows he’s tall and strongly-built, and this rosy-cheeked little woman is built on a bird-like scale.
“Found him a car. Offered him A Chevrolet Camaro but Castiel here went for the Pimpmobile. So, uh, sorry about that.”
Classic Rock,” he informed the presenter, before beeping his horn at some idiot who had obviously given up and decided to do a u-turn right in front of him.
“Yeah…” Dean swallowed next to him. “Um, can we—” He glanced over at Castiel, and licked his lips. “Um, it’s…”
“They knew you were Sam’s fiance, though, on the phone. So they must have known you were a guy.” Dean shrugged. “Maybe the rules have changed? Actually, now I come to think of it, I think Charlie was going on about some legal appeal. And the woman on the phone said there’s a questionnaire and everything, so we’ll fill ‘em in when we get there, check it’s all okay.”
The burgers had arrived, and ravenous, they tucked in. Castiel knew he was eating too quickly, and he would probably get indigestion, but he was too hungry to take it slowly.
He avoided anything that looked too expensive, or new, and headed towards the back, where the older cars seemed to be gathered. There were a couple of what looked like partial restorations, alongside a couple of late 1990s saloons that looked like they wouldn’t be
Dean this time. He got back late last night, and as Sam’s doing well, we decided to bring the festivities over here.”
“Cool” He stood up to gather up the plates they’d started with, careful with Ellen’s pride and joy dinner set. “I haven’t seen her in months, she doing okay?”
Castiel shook his head, moving to find space for the flowers on the crowded bedside table. Sam had lots of cards and flowers, balloons even. He was obviously well-liked, but where then, was this fiancée? Surely Charlie would let her know her fiancé was in a coma, even if she didn’t seem to like her very much?
“Sam got the brains, I got the looks,” he told her, as he held Sam’s hand, calling up his usual cheeky grin.
The man Balthazar had described as a ‘leather-coated sex bomb’ was leaning against his doorframe, grinning down at him through the narrow gap.
“Oh, thanks. I’ll, yes, I’ll take care of it.” He pointed towards the bus station. “I’ve um, I’ve got to head home now. It was nice to meet you.”
Castiel paused and turned, his chest tightening as he saw his boss totter down the stone steps of the Art Institute. He usually liked to spend his brief lunch break taking a walk along the river bank, avoiding the savoury odours of the hotdog sellers and doughnut stalls, watching the cargo ships lined up along the banks of the Chicago River, and wondering where they were going next.
The front fender was bent and hanging half off, which would explain the scraping noise they’d heard as they mounted the drive. The chrome grille was dented, the hood above crumpled, though less than he had feared. Worst of all, the right corner must have been closer to the wall, because that side was folded in, like the corner of a cardboard box thrown by a disgruntled courier.
Wedging the door open against the wind, he leans in, takes the 3 pie dishes, as Cas slides across the leather bench and springs to his feet.
“I hope I’m not putting my foot in it here, I do tend to do that.” She paused, then frowned again. “But what I’m really confused about is how Sam Winchester could have
“One day I found a picture of this, the Lincoln, car, in a magazine, and I cut it out and added it to the atlas. I could just see us cruising the highway together. It’s big enough to sleep in the back, so it would save money on motels.”
being nominated for employee of the month. Castiel is always very supportive of his colleagues’ work-life balance and willing to work holidays…” Hannah paused, her cheeks a little flushed, and then hurried on. “Even if he did work last Christmas, and the last few holidays,
“Oh, ya know.” Flushing, he glanced in the rear mirror, avoiding Castiel’s gaze. Nice one, Dean. Tell the poor fiance that someone’s after his man. Though, he kinda thought she was.
Castiel shook his head. “I don’t think so. No, I got to him straight after he was knocked onto the rails and he was already unconscious then. Is—is that a bad sign?”
“She’s gonna cost you a fortune in gas,” Dean said, confirming his suspicions. “But she aint valuable. Worth less than that modern Toyota we were looking at earlier. We got her for nothing, ‘cos some idiot ran outta petrol and dumped her on the side of the road. We got the tow call from the Highway Patrol, and no one ever claimed her. I worked on her in my own free time, under Bobby’s supervision, and most the parts came from scrap. She can be my engagement present to you; Bobby and Ellen’ll have to get you a blender or something.” He trailed off. “So, er, don’t worry about all that, if you like her…”
Later, much later, he awoke to voices, opening his eyes to see the first tendrils of morning sunshine spanning the deserted living room.
“Could drop down dead from the slightest shock,” added Bobby, as Jessica and the blonde girl helped Mrs Harvelle to a seat. “And she’s certainly had a few today.”
Dean filled a tooth mug with water, and brought it over to him. “Here, take this. When did you last have something?”
Dean’s stance softened and, to Castiel’s relief, he huffed out a breath. “You’re right there. Says Baby’s too much of a gas guzzler. I think he’s just jealous though.”
“Everyone else has family,” he repeated, dully, his eyes watering in the low sun. “I know. It makes sense.”
“I just might. It’s been weird, everything I feared, have worried about for years, and Sam goes and does it first—and in what a way.” Dean shook his head. “I’m almost bitter about it.”
“You too, Jo,” Dean said, as Ellen hooked her arm around Castiel’s elbow. “I’ve just gotta check the oil. Don’t eat my pie!”
“Don’t let her hear you say that.” Ellen was eyeing the other side of the room anxiously, but Jo was chatting to Missouri and Charlie happily enough.
“Maybe he was worried about what Dean would say,” he tried, unsure what Charlie’s relationship was to the family. “I’m, well, let’s face it, I have a penis. And I sell train tickets for a living. I’m probably not what the family was expecting.”
Dean suspected he'd be subjected to an interrogation later, but thankfully she seemed content to change the subject.
“Castiel!” With faltering steps, his father appears in the living room door, his back more stooped than Cas remembers, his face beaming.
“It’s not possible to fix carseats in the back of a coupe like this, you can see on the post there that there’s no space for a bracket, and with a bench seat, you’d have to destroy the seat.” He shrugged and pulled back. “Most o’ the folk in the market for this kinda thing have a family car as well, something to take the kids to soccer practice. They keep the classics for Sunday driving. It’s a waste if you ask me. But there you go.”
romantic. If romantic is spelt with a capital R and has heart shaped dots over the ‘i’ and comes stamped on a pink balloon.” She sat back in her seat, with a smile of relief. “Don’t worry, Castiel, I can see exactly how it happened.”
“I suppose I’d better give you this then, his ‘effects’ aka anything in his pockets on the day.” Crowley nodded at the box as they made for the front doors of the hospital. “I was going to drop it off at his place, keep it safe, but I guess you’ll be going back there now. It's got his house key, and his shopping bags, and whatever the hell else he was carrying around.”
Frowning, Castiel turned to the house. Jo had appeared in the open door, a warm glow of light—and the scent of cinnamon—streaming past her from the hall beyond.
Castiel clearly lived in one of the rougher parts of Pilsen. The red brick apartment blocks were old, but unlike those further east, they hadn’t been upgraded yet; the windows were falling apart, and going by the number of nameplates on Castiel’s building, the apartments were densely packed inside too.
“You don’t know for sure,” Castiel urged. “Sam seems so confident and… and together, surely he wouldn’t risk it all for drugs?”
“Here she is, the little panty thief.” He scooped her up, rather hoping she would go for the panties and give some truth to his statement, but instead she snuggled up against his chest, unconcerned by the embarrassment she had caused.
He lowered his voice, after checking over his shoulder for Hannah’s surveillance. “I found him on LinkedIn. He’s rising really quickly, he was at Stanford too. He must be extremely bright.” Motivated too. The man’s profile had listed his High School, and Castiel hadn’t been able to resist looking that up either. A poorly-performing High School in the depths of Lawrence, Kansas. He admired that kind of drive.
“In here,” was the reply, and he followed the direction of Dean’s voice through the living room, and into the bathroom, a sleek chrome and grey stone affair, with an inset tub. Dean was standing in front of the bathroom mirror, frowning darkly.
“They’ve invited me because they think I’m engaged to their son. And you know, and I know, that that’s not true.” He shook his head, stupid tears gathering once more in the corner of his eyes. “I shouldn’t be here.”
“Or me,” Cas mutters, poking at the saucepan with a wooden spoon. “Is this sauce supposed to be lumpy?”
“Is this your eggnog, Ellen?” Missouri sniffed it rapturously. “I’ve been dreaming of it for weeks. Oh it is
“Look, will you all just get in the damned house?” Dean’s voice was rising. “No point us all freezing.”
Even Ellen sounded shocked, and Castiel cast another worried look at Dean, who stood, flushed and strangely subdued, as his adopted family stared at him.
“Merry Christmas, honey.” His mother opens the door, bathing Cas—and the pies—in warmth, light, and the wafting scent of his favourite Mac n’Cheese. Cas wonders, momentarily, whether Dean’s culinary expertise also extends Mac n’Cheese-wards.
Ellen shook her head. She was obviously in better form than the first day they’d met. “Just you remember that without this young man, there wouldn’t
Ten minutes later, they were set up in another cubicle, Castiel seated on a hard plastic chair beside the bed, as Donna numbed Dean’s arm with some brightly coloured cream that was apparently reserved for kids.
“There’d need to be a lot of fuel stops. Baby just guzzles oil.” Dean signalled and pulled out into the street. “What do you mean, imagining? Did you never actually go?” He winced. “Oh shit, sorry. Ellen told me your dad died a few years ago.”
Limping, Dean inspects Baby from the road. She’s well and truly stuck, wedged between the sides, one of the panels bashed beyond repair. As for Dean, well he’s soaking and snow-specked, jeans torn from the broken glass of the window he dragged himself through. No bones broken, but the rusty blotches spreading on the wet denim? Yeah, probably a bad sign. He shivers, fingers tucked into his armpits, and stares up the empty road. The SUV hadn’t even stopped to check Baby was ok. Probably safer, the way Dean’s feeling right now.
Castiel stepped forward too, all confessions momentarily forgotten. The poor woman had turned a frightening ash grey colour.
“I don’t care if you haven’t changed your underwear, I’ve lived with two men long enough. I’ve seen it all, believe me.” Mrs Novak’s gaze is steely. It’s probably the same glare Cas uses on the students who hand their assignments in late.
Sorry for the lack of update last Monday - I had a never-ending migraine. Hopefully this longer chapter makes up for it. As usual, it hasn't been edited or betaed. Do point out any mistakes, I'm not sure I'm with it enough to notice.
“Yeah, sure.” He looked round for his leather jacket, pausing to lay an awkward hand on Sam’s shoulder. “I’ll get outta your way. Family’s expecting me, anyway and I gotta meet this Castiel guy properly.”
A sudden commotion in the waiting room drew his attention, as a group of people swarmed through door, all speaking rapidly and over the top of each other, before accosting the receptionist.
That should hopefully give them something to focus on, and keep them away from mines and other dangerous topics. Now he just has to handle his mother.
But before Dean could say anything, Jess had squeezed between the visitors’ chairs and Sam’s bedside. “I’m about to start Sam’s physical therapy. Would you like to help?”
“Yeah, that’s it.” Dean nodded. “Sam and me, we weren’t raised like that. You see Bobby and Ellen now, and sure, they’re pretty well off, with the garage business, but when our dad died, it was just a jumped up scrap yard. We didn’t always eat properly, and that was with Ellen looking after us and doing her best. Before that, with our dad… well he
He landed heavily, wincing as pain shot through his knee, but he bent down to tug at the lapels of the lawyer’s coat.
“Jesus, Jo!” He turned on her, his jaw clenched. All he’d been gonna say was, Benny had blue eyes. “How d’you even know that?
“It’s mainly his head,” Jess explained. “But whilst he’s unconscious his muscles will be wasting away. We want to keep him as fit and strong as we can. He has PT every day, and even once he’s woken up, he’ll need to carry on for a while. Luckily I’m trained in rehabilitation as well, so I can follow up with him after he’s discharged.”
Castiel bit back a groan, even as he sped up again, crossing the circle that had cleared around the little drama.
Suddenly, the door creaked open, and a sandy-coloured head popped out, belonging to a slim man in a v-neck shirt that practically exposed his nipples, who
“Pies, pecan and pumpkin.” Cas offers them for inspection but 75 pounds of Greyhound has other ideas, and he has to hold them aloft. “Pecan nuts are non canine-compatible, Caleb. You have quite enough gastrointestinal upset already.”
“I’ll believe anything if it’ll get me my lunch on time.” Bobby turned to the slight, nerdy looking man who had appeared on the steps next to him. “Suppose we’d better go down, see what they’re all bletherin’ about.”
Ellen’s brow creased. “Bobby, I think I left something in the oven—” She gestured over her shoulder. “I’d better go and check.”
“But it’s never too late to change your life!” Dean apologised, and then waved him on as Donna reappeared with a tray of drinks. “Go on, I didn’t mean ta interrupt.”
It occurred to me, after writing this, that not everyone might think Missouri's condition an appropriate source of mild humour, so I am sorry if that is upsetting to any reader. It is something we are dealing with in my own close family at this moment, which is probably why it was at the forefront of my mind, and I hope I have presented her condition with sensitivity.
Taking his time, Castiel finally smoothing an admiring hand over the paintwork, studying the anachronistic wing mirrors with interest, if not understanding, before glancing at Dean for permission.
Left with Dean’s phone, Castiel flicked through a series of pictures chronicling the Camaro’s transformation from junkyard rust to the shining restoration in front of him. Bobby must have taken some of the pictures, for Dean was in some of them, in his overalls, the top rolled down to his hips, lying underneath the car, or in one, memorable picture, bending over to inspect the engine.
serious with Cas, they both know that this isn’t just a hook-up. There’s something here, something Dean doesn’t dare look at yet. But Christmas with the in-laws, when they’ve spent the entire day sucking each other’s mouths, dicks, and—his inner thighs somehow shiver—his legs. No, that’s a step too far, for anyone.
Long cozy evenings by the single bar electric fire, travelling, if only in their minds, as they listed all the towns they would visit.
“She, huh? Okay… “ Dean gazed into the middle distance, his lips pursed, before he set his shoulders and turned back to Castiel. “You know how to treat a lady?”
Cas, hovering behind his mother, meets his eye. He looks kinda horrified, and impressed, at the same time.
She frowned. “The cat must be Ruby’s, and I don’t have a clue where she’s got to. Not that I really care; she was bad news, but I would like to know where she’s sitting on the chess board, so to speak.” She jumped in shock as Gypsum leaped into her lap. “Oh, this is a nice kitty, Castiel!”
The cat stared back, its blue eyes icily pale, following Castiel as he investigated the cupboards. Eventually, after a lot of shelves full of crystal tumblers and fine champagne glasses, he found a cupboard that contained a terracotta dish that looked vaguely cat-appropriate. A search of the drawers below elicited more fancy bottle openers than any man could reasonably need, and a fork.
“And that was a man, yeah?” Donna nodded, signing the form. “All right then, we’re ready to take your blood. Hold out your finger, Castiel, it’ll just be a scratch.”
Bobby grunted at the head of the table. “Indiana Jones era.” He caught Dean’s betrayed gaze, and shrugged. “Sorry kid, everyone knew.”
He tamped down the flickering of hope in his chest. “Really—but, that’s not the point. I’d be going under false pretences.”
“You’re not an idiot. I shouldn’t have pushed you into it.” He shrugged, a little stiffly. “And I won’t need to start again. It’s probably just the fender and lights.”
“Castiel you’d better sit between Garth and Jo, against the wall.” Ellen showed them to their seats. “Dean, I want you on this side so you can help carry the dishes.”
His father mimes a wine glass. “We started early, celebrating the end of your project, you know how worried we’ve been. But you look well, son. Happy. Is this new—”
Her blue gaze softened. “The last MRI scan showed that the swelling had gone down, and he is definitely reacting to stimulus. You’ve every reason to hope, Castiel.”
“It’s—it’s okay,” Dean said at last, his tone strangely flat. Then he grimaced. “I mean, it’s clearly
“He obviously loves you,” Castiel tried. “Would he really want you to take the garage on, if it will make you so unhappy? Have you ever tried talking to him about it?”
Dean covered his sudden agitation by snatching the basket of rolls, which Ellen had been protecting from a hungry Bobby, and shoving them under Castiel’s nose. “Here, Cas, try some of Ellen’s bread, she made it fresh this morning.”
it’s on this side.” He waggled his right arm. “But when we’re the other way round…” He cupped his hands the other way, curving unmistakably around an invisible hip and glanced up. “It’s on the other. I think. I don’t know, in the heat of the moment you know…” He shrugged.
He shook his head. ”No, it’s fine. Um, you didn’t have to come all this way out to see me. We could have done this on the phone.”
Dean threw himself into the seat next to Castiel and pulled out his own phone. The silence grew suddenly awkward.
“Yeah, well. Sam’s pretty loaded, so reckon you’ll be flying first class, not that that makes it any better. But you’ll get to travel, man.”
Hopefully, if Dean was doing the repairs himself, the bill wouldn’t be as high as if it went to a normal garage. But he couldn’t afford it, would have to cut back to the bone on absolutely everything, and no way could he start the physical therapy sessions he so badly needed.
“That wasn’t even my fault, not really. I was hanging around to see how he was, and they wouldn’t tell me, because I’m not family, and then there was a nurse…” He thought he’d better withhold her name. “Well, she overheard me say something stupid about wanting to marry him. It was just to myself, and it didn’t mean anything, but of course, she thought it did, and before I knew what was happening, I was in Sam’s room, being announced as his fiancé, and then Ellen collapsed, and I didn’t know what to do.” He sighed. “You have to believe me, none of this was intentional.”
“Pure silk,” he gloated, pulling out something blue and shiny. “None of that polyester rubbish. I couldn’t resist.”
“Unfortunately,” Castiel said. “I don’t. Anyway, knowing Mrs Mancini, they’re hideously expensive.” He ushered Balthazar towards the door, and shook his head as Balthazar draped the panties over his arm. “
“I don’t understand?” Castiel cast him a glance. Their conversation on the way over had been a little stilted, but Dean had unbent after a while, explaining to him, in terms only an idiot couldn’t understand, how a manual gearbox worked.
, eventually—then what if they hit it off? Sam had always been polite, which was more than most people were, and he even sometimes commented on the weather, or gave him that distracted little wave.
“Photography. Another expensive hobby.” Castiel glanced at the Chevrolet, and then over to Dean’s black Impala. “You know, I’d love to take some pictures, you could use them on your website when you set up your restoration business.”
“With a family like yours, Cassie, you can only count that as an advantage. Secondly.” Gabriel held up a second finger. “They’re only inviting you because they think you’re going to marry their son. Hate to break this to you, kid, but it’s not because they’re overwhelmed by the beauty of your character and the rose-petal freshness of your face.”
“I do. Very much.” Castiel walked to the other side, admiring the wing. “She’s such a beautiful colour.”
That done, he scrolled quickly through his incoming messages, one very cryptic message from Balthazar, and another from Mrs Mancini in the ground floor apartment. Apparently Gypsum had been stealing her washing again. He shook his head in despair. Gypsum’s last raid had cost him the remainder of his pay, and now he’d probably have nothing left to get him through to the new year.
“Seriously?” His cheeks flushed, Dean was eyeing him incredulously, before pulling across the traffic. “How d’ya just figure that out?”
It was always a mistake, antagonising Jo. He’d been drunk that night, in the Roadhouse. He’d been trying to put her off, because she’d had a thing for him a while back there. Hero worship, Ellen had muttered, though God knows why.
Nurse Jessica bristled beside him. “If Mr Novak hadn’t jumped onto that train track—in front of an express train, I might add—your son would not be here now.”
“Give us a minute,” Dean called back, turning, and as Castiel realised after a second of confusion, blocking the Impala with his body.
“I like your car,” Castiel said, wondering what he’d said that was so wrong. He inspected the interior with genuine admiration, sighing as he fingered the soft leather of the bench seat. “Is it an Impala?”
Castiel returned to his seat and checked his phone. Dean, seated beside him again, seemed too embarrassed to talk.
“Oh my goodness, you have had a day. Dean’s gonna find this absolutely hysterical.” She laid a soothing hand on his wrist. “Did this nurse have blonde curly hair, by any chance? Don’t worry, she won’t get into trouble.”
“Remembered?” Castiel looked puzzled as he leaned to shake hands across the roast potatoes. “Have, er, have we met before?”
“Oh.” Castiel considered, his head tilted to one side. “That’s very kind, but my landlord doesn’t need any more reasons to shirk his responsibilities. It’s Balthazar’s responsibility, though I don’t like asking him for favours.”
sound sarcastic, would have been, had it been anyone else speaking. He was always a little too formal, or so Gabe was always telling him. He groaned and rubbed his forehead. That lawyer probably thought he was an idiot now.
Castiel swallowed. Aside from the—still putative—cat, he knew very little about Sam. Where he worked, certainly, a little about his education, but they’d all know he could find that out easily enough on-line. What did he know that only someone who had been, well,
“I’m practically his mother, God rest her soul,” argued the older blonde woman, possibly the mother of the girl in ripped jeans.
“That’s true,” She looked him over for a full minute, frowning, before appearing to come to some decision. “I don’t really know what to say here.”
Balthazar jumped to his feet. “Goodness, is that the time?” He shoved his phone in his pocket, and pulled his deep v-neck sweater further down over his hips. “Places to be, people to see, et cetera. I won’t trespass on your time any–”
Castiel suspected Dean had only offered so he could interrogate him further. He clearly hadn’t bought Castiel’s, or rather, Charlie’s, story and Castiel was pretty sure he wouldn’t be able to keep it up.
“Cassie, Cassie Cassie Cassie.” Gabriel twirled on his stool, then leaned in, his hands on Castiel’s shoulders. “You can’t keep up this deception! What are you going to do when this Dean character comes home? You said he
“I’m gonna put the needle in now,” she announced, blocking Dean’s view of his arm. “Castiel, you go hold his other hand, and keep him occupied.” Castiel sat frozen in his seat, but she nudged him out of the way. “Go on! Don’t care how you distract him, long as it doesn’t leave a mess for me to clean up.”
If it had been Ruby herself he’d have been wondering how, exactly, she’d tricked Sam into marriage. But this was Castiel, and this naive, slightly awkward guy, nestled into the bench seat, his hair ruffled like a flustered chick, was about as far from her Royal Hellness as it was possible to be,
didn’t know what I was doing,” Castiel confirmed, watching him cautiously. Was that all Dean was going to say? “I’m so sorry, Dean. I probably can’t understand how much Baby means to you, but I know she’s very important, and I’d give anything to change what happened.”
“Haven’t actually been inside,” he admitted, after a moment. “He was living over on Goose Island before, you know, only moved in September. And he’s been really busy with work… and you, I guess.”
He didn’t feel comfortable letting himself in to Sam’s flat, but on the other hand, it might look weird if he gave the box to Sam’s family. They’d wonder why he wasn’t going over to water the plants, and fetch clean pyjamas.
“Yes, yes, of course.” A little reluctantly, he held the door for her. “Come and sit down. Er, do you want a drink. I’ve got tea, but I’ve run out of coffee, I’m afraid. I haven’t had time to get to the store.”
Somehow, Castiel didn’t think it was a compliment. He spoke rapidly as he tested the key in the lock, thankfully opening it on the first attempt.
Her lips quirked mischievously, and suddenly he knew he wasn't going to get away with it that easily. “Yeah. They all had brown eyes, except…”
“Sam’s on 500k a year, might be any number of people who’d want to lay claim to him.” Dean shot him a challenging look. “If he died, they might be hoping for some money. Insurance or somethin’.”
He’d been going to visit Sam every night after work. It was easiest on the nights he only met Charlie, and he was hoping for the same tonight. She didn’t interrogate him, just sat and kept him company after her own shift ended. He was starting to quite like her zany sense of humour and they certainly had some interests in common, the nerdy kind of interests Gabriel would laugh at.
to get a cat without hair? Wasn’t the whole point to have something to stroke, something soft? Something like a living teddy bear that would occasionally scratch your eyes out and vomit on the bedroom rug.
He shuts the door softly, not wanting to call attention to the car, and crosses round the front to let Cas out. Snow is fluttering, ever heavier, and with no chains he’d better get back to the garage before he gets stuck.
Bracing himself, Castiel limped towards his apartment door, whilst various thumps emanated from the closet in the hallway.
“I’m sure Dean always sets a good example,” he said, meeting Dean’s gaze with a challenge, and Dean flushed.
Balthazar, momentarily paralysed, cleared his throat before replying, pseudo-casually. “… What was what?”
“Everyone’s got something,” Donna reassured him, taking his hand and covering it from view as she pressed the clicker to his forefinger. “With me it’s teeth. Can’t stand them!” Dean yelped. “There you go, all done. Now let’s set you up in the donation room.”
Dean’s face lit up as he leaned in to check the oil, before wiping his greasy hands on his jeans. “Yeah. Did it all myself, buying in parts as they became available, or scavenging the scrap heap. There was another old Lincoln, an absolute wreck, so I was able to take parts from that, keep the costs down. I didn’t have much spare time to work on her, and then I had to restore Baby, so she’s taken a bit of a back seat over the last year or so. There’s a couple of bits I’m still waiting for, pretty rare, so I keep an eye out and I’ll fit them as they come in. I’m bidding for a hub cap on eBay but I’m still waiting for a right wing mirror to come up.” He patted the left wing mirror. “Hang on a sec, I’ll grab the keys from the office, and I can show you the interior.”
“Yes, Joanne Beth?” A quick glance at Dean showed his cheeks were flushed, but that didn’t stop his mocking tone.
Because Benny had been ‘the one’. The ‘one’ every not entirely straight guy had. The one that turned them.
“Take off your coat, Dean. It’s damp and Mom needs you, so we don’t want you going down with the flu.”
He smiled down into his eggnog. “It was his kindness,” he said at last. “Most people are rude to people like me, but Sam was polite, and he’s so tall, but he’d use that to help people, like protecting little old ladies, using his body to shield them so they didn’t get knocked down on the stairs. And he always gives up his seat on the train.”
“He’s a mechanic,” Cas interjects, before the cat is entirely out of the bag. Because the things is, they’ve not had a moment alone. He has no idea whether Dean would be comfortable with his parents knowing all about them, about
“Leaving you to look after your sick dad,” Dean repeated, his brows drawn into a frown. “Don’t seem fair to me.”
“Not tonight.” His mom leads the way to the kitchen. “Honey, these look amazing. They’re not from a shop, they’re home-made!”
Castiel put him out of his misery. “Jimmy,” he said heavily. “He was the clever one, the one who could do the numbers. Jimmy was warm, and funny; he knew how to talk to people. I was always better at English and history but I was quiet and awkward.”
Dean sighed, but made no further protest. “I don’t see how anyone can prefer Sam’s naked wonder to this ball of fur.”
Wondering, Castiel stepped forward. Inside the cupboard, alongside some very expensive aftershave and hair products, were a box of tampons, and a double pregnancy test, opened.
“I’ve remembered someone else,” said Jo, bearing pie, her smile smug. She waited until everyone was looking at her expectantly. “Harrison Ford.”
“Yes. Well, no. I’m not going.” Castiel stumbled. “What I mean, is, my cat—the one who ran away when you came in—she likes to steal panties, off people’s washing lines, you see, and—
“But your Baby, and after your dad, and after you spent so long fixing her up too.” Ellen looked like she was about to cry. “What happened?”
Suddenly, there was a click and a whir from the other side of the room, and the room filled with late afternoon sunlight. He glanced down—and bit back a curse.
Dean recovered enough to grab his own spoon, because he wasn’t letting Missouri and Charlie get all the pie. “They wouldn’t listen to
Castiel nodded. “It’s fine, Sam. Your brother and I are getting on fine. More than fine. He’s been helping me–”
Jessica narrowed her eyes. “I think you should know that Mr Novak here saved your son’s life. If anyone deserves to be here, it’s him.”
“My car,” says Dean, to everyone’s palpable relief. “My car’s called Baby, I restored her. Here I’ve got some—” He pauses, his hand on his cell. “No battery, I forgot.”
Cas shook his head, looking ridiculously young and vulnerable as he scrubbed his fist through his hair, making his bed-head exponentially worse.
Castiel stopped at that. “Trust me. I’m usually awkward.” He shook his head. “Jimmy was the bright one, the one that would do well. A religious foundation offered him a scholarship on the other side of the country, and he took it.”
Later, much later, they drove back through the empty city before Dean dropped Castiel off outside his apartment.
Arriving in the neurology ward side by side, they bumped into Jess coming out of Sam’s room, pushing a medication trolley familiar to Castiel from his days at his father’s bedside.
Before him, on the upturned laundry basket, was Balthazar, his phone in one hand, the other in his lap. He had jumped at Castiel’s entrance, his face flushed and eyes dazed, before he hastily tucked his other hand out of sight.
Castiel turned from Dean’s suspicious gaze to look around the parking lot, desperate for a diversion.
“She’s got a heart condition, never recovered from a vicious dog attack a few years ago,” said the girl. “And her name’s Ellen Harvelle.”
“I bet he gets to travel all over the world on his fancy legal cases.” He sighed again. “I’d love to travel.”
“He brought a basket of fruit for Sam, and Mom invited him in for Sunday lunch. He said he hadn’t got anyone to spend it with, and you know what Mom’s like.”
“She’s been a good friend to me.” Castiel leaned over to tickle her stomach, his bare arm brushing Dean’s leg. “Damn!”
“Yeah.” Dean grinned and rubbed his hands together. “It’s pretty cold out here. The window in the stairwell’s broken. I can board it up for you if you’ve got any plywood; it’ll keep the cold out until you can get the glaziers out.”
“Castiel was driving Baby,” put in Ellen. “Apparently Dean here was tryin’ to teach the boy to drive a manual, and Castiel drove Baby into the side of the parking lot.”
“Missouri?” Castiel whispered, as Dean leaned over his shoulder to take his plate and add it to the pile on his arm, waiter style.
“Huh?” Charlie’s red hair appeared around the side of the armchair. “Did you two make up last night? The last I heard, you were at each other’s throats.”
Ellen, so warm and vibrant, so welcoming, so clearly the sun around which the rest of the family orbited. How had this family found its way into his heart, so quickly and so entirely?
“He likes to be clean-shaved,” Castiel concurred. He’d never seen Sam with a beard, or even light stubble.
“Got your own man now too.” He glanced over at the bed. “And I gotta tell you, Sammy. That was some shock. Not,” he added, in case Sam could actually hear everything he was saying, “That it’s a problem. Just… not what I expected, I guess.”
“Did you bring it over?” Castiel asked, at last. “We should probably leave it at Sam’s place. It’s much safer than the streets round here.”
Castiel scrambled out of the car, twisting his knee in the process, and limped after him. Somehow this had gone very wrong.
“That sounds like a come on,” Dean said, and immediately winced. “Sorry.” He held his hands up. “I’m nervous, that’s all, I didn’t mean to say that.”
“Let me think about this. I’m not so sure whether… Ellen Harvelle is very unwell. This is gonna be tricky. The slightest shock could cause her heart to fail.”
Castiel frowned as he counted out the notes. “Have you turned into an old lady? Because that’s what they usually say when it’s the other way round. And anyway, you’re straight.”
Ellen’s face softened. “Of course, you must be so worried. He’s stable, the doctor says. Here, come and take my place.”
Charlie shook her head. “Castiel, I don’t know how to put this any more clearly, but if the people in that house knew you were alone at Christmas, and even if you had no connection whatsoever with them, they would
“Take Ellen home,” said the red-headed doctor, after sitting her on a chair in the hall, and listening to her heart with a stethoscope. “She should be in bed.”
Castiel opened the door. “I’ve got the Sherlock pilot, the one they never showed, on DVD,” he said enticingly. “Stay in the closet, Bal, and I’ll let you have it.”
He crossed his fingers that the damage wouldn’t be as bad as that awful, gut-churning crunch had suggested.
“A student! Isn’t he a bit young?” is his mother’s contribution, as his dad pulls a frosted bottle of champagne from the refrigerator.
Castiel grinned, just managing to refrain from a whoop of victory as Bobby shuffled round to the other side of the bed.
“Right,” says Dean, watching Cas for far too long. “Just you and me now Baby.” He scrapes the windscreen free of the snow which has settled even in the last twenty minutes they’ve been standing and talking, and kissing. He grins suddenly, his lips doing it before he’s even aware.
She chewed on her lip. “Please Castiel. Please don’t tell them, not until Sam’s recovered and they’re happy again. You’ll break their hearts.”
“Well that was me.” Jimmy had always been the successful one. So many times he’d heard Aunt Naomi—not really an aunt, just Jimmy’s Godmother—telling people about her clever, ambitious, Godson. Usually followed by a mournful ‘but poor Castiel, of course…’.”
“What…what do you mean,” Dean asked, looked between Bobby, who looked constipated, and Ellen, whose gaze was watery. “What’s going on?”
“We’ll pick some up on the way back to your place,” Dean said firmly, and Castiel’s mouth opened. “Oh yeah, I’m not leaving you to walk home. Sam’d kill me if I left you to pass out and fall in the river.”
doin’?” Balthazar had recently gone through a ‘Friends’ phage, thanks to all the reruns. It was better, though only marginally, then his Titantic phase, and at least he’d finally stopped leaning over the stair rail and screeching ‘Jack! I’ll never let go!’ whenever Castiel walked down the stairs.
another car .” He tapped his fingers on the steering wheel. “So that wouldn’t work. Look, Dean. These are beautiful…” He shook his head, pushing down the temptation. “Really,
Ellen eyed them both with suspicion. “Would someone care to explain why we’re all standing outside in the middle of December?”
“Retired,” Dean said, firmly. “Maybe… maybe you saw us just as friends,” he tried, forcing himself to keep his face blank. Missouri would know, wouldn’t she, if something like that was going to happen? “Cas and I get on very well. That’s probably what you saw.”
“He’s blushing!” His mother presses her cool hand to his cheeks, and he just manages to resist batting her away.
Apparently Balthazar had swapped Friends for Sherlock. Castiel wasn’t sure if that was good news, or bad. It probably depended on whether Balthazar took to shooting his initials in the wall.
Ellen slapped Bobby’s hand away as it reached for another bread roll. “Save some for our guests, Bobby. She knows, Dean. Not that she always remembers, but last time we spoke, she knew he was in hospital.”
Jo folded her arms and eyed Castiel unsmilingly. Castiel glanced quickly at Ellen, but even she seemed to be wavering, as she fumbled with her hanky.
Dean growled under his breath. He’d had enough. He set his drink on the window sill, and got to his feet, ready to head over there and extract her from the group, before she had a chance to cause even more trouble.
Castiel stood upright, but the blood rushed to his head, making him suddenly dizzy. He slumped back against the cold porcelain of the sink, perspiration drenching his brow.
an apple pie in the oven. Normally we have to put the child lock on, just to stop you burning your fingers!”
part?” His mother covers her mouth. “Cas, I thought you said it was all going to be on the phone! It’s bad enough having to talk to, to people like that, but seeing them in person… well it’s
Bobby tilted his head towards the doorway of the room, away from the other visitors. “Come over here, a minute. Away from these adjust.”
Castiel stared at him. Balthazar was odd and probably had some kind of sexual addiction, but even for him, this didn’t make sense.
“I’m sorry. It must be a strain keeping it under wraps.” He hesitated. “Do you feel any better now you’ve told me?”
“With slippers like that, I’m not so sure,” he said, eyeing her feet with distaste, and happy to spar as much as possible if took her mind off Baby.
“Come here, Cas.” Dean, his face pale, beckoned him over. “Jeez man, I really hate this. Don’t tell Sam, will ‘ya? He’ll never let me live it down.”
“It’s not fair to make you work for the last five Christmasses in a row.” Suddenly, Gabe frowned at the little grey screen which displayed a live feed from the platform below. “Shit. Something’s kicking off.”
“I’m…uh. Sorry to bother you, Ma’am, but I’ve hurt my leg and I need a tow. My phone’s dead so I need to borrow a phone please.” He shoves his cell at her. Evidence, or something, that the rough looking stranger aint about to rob the house.
Bobby shuffled on his feet, before heading over to the drinks cabinet in the corner, and extracting two cut crystal tumblers and a bottle of Scotch.
Jimmy had got him to revise business 101, reading out the questions over the phone, all the definitions written out on coloured flash cards. It’d been excruciatingly boring, but it had taken his mind off the long winter evenings, waiting for his father to die.
hadn’t had a chance to put some clothes on. At least when Scrooge was wearing his nightcap when had to deal with his three unexpected visitors.
As Gabe promised to tell Hannah, and play up Castiel’s ‘heroism’ in order to avoid any undesirable consequences, Castiel found himself ushered into the waiting ambulance and pushed into a fold-down seat opposite the trolley.
Sauntering through his apartment, Balthazar whistled as he caught sight of the rest of Castiel’s boxers, drying on the heater.
Jess stepped over to the bed and checked Sam’s vital signs, before noting something in the chart at the bottom of the bed.
It was midday when they pulled up in front of Bobby and Ellen’s house, familiar to Castiel from the night of the Christmas meal.
Damn, he really was an dick, talking about blood and stuff, when the guy’s fiance was lying in that hospital. He had to remember that he wasn’t the only one who cared about Sam any more. Even Bobby and Ellen had always been secondary. He,
“Yup, looks like it.” She ushered them towards the double doors and then followed her blonde ponytail through the corridors. “I’m Nurse Hanscum, but you boys can call me Donna. It’s good of youse to come down here when everyone else is partying. But I see you’ve ticked the friends & relatives box.” She opened the curtains to a cubicle. “I’m real sorry to hear that, but you are making a difference.”
Throughout the starter, there was an quiet unease in the room. It was awkward, with Jo casting him strange glances over Ellen’s Christmas centrepiece, and even Bobby’s grizzled face was contemplative, as he chewed his crackers and pate in silence. Charlie had turned the conversation to Sam’s recovery, but Dean didn’t miss the way her gaze switched thoughtfully between him and Castiel.
Castiel shrugged. “She thought it would be better to keep it going until Sam regains consciousness.”
Castiel bit his lip. It had certainly been well over 3 months, probably closer to 3 years, but he couldn’t tell Dean that. On the other hand, unless he told Dean
“Yes, you still haven’t told us how he’s doing, Dean.” Ellen handed Bobby the carving knife and pushed a trivet towards his side of the table.
“I’m terrified of planes,” Castiel explained, for at least the fourth time. “Flying is very graceful, when performed by birds and creatures built to fly. Like, bats and dragonflies, and, and flying squirrels. People aren’t designed to fly. If we were we’d have wings.”
“Can I come in?” Charlie glanced over his shoulder. “Sorry, I thought… I wondered if you had company.”
helpful at times, and he meant well, he just always assumed that Castiel was as interested in no-strings sex as he was. As far as Balthazar seemed to see it, they were both single—in Castiel’s case a permanent state, and in Balthazar’s weekly—therefore why not?
?” Castiel glanced over, his hand paused over the change he was counting, turning, for a moment, from the customer screen. It was Christmas Eve, and he only had an hour to go on his shift.
“How do we even know this guy is Sam’s fiance anyway?” burst in Dean, frowning, just as Castiel started to hope the train of conversation had been derailed completely. “Something’s off. Too many things don’t add up.”
She gave a little shrug. “I’ve got my brother coming over, I haven’t seen him in years. Kali’s parents are coming down, and Gabriel’s going home on Christmas Eve. You can have New Year’s Eve off though.” Her voice turned pleading. “I’m sorry, Castiel, I hate doing this to you again, it’s just—”
“I owe him a lot,” Dean said, gazing up at his old home, his smile fond. “And that’s why it’s difficult to turn him down when he wants to retire and leave me the garage. He was married once, but she died of cancer. Sam and me’s the nearest thing to family he had, until he married Ellen, and that was only a few years ago. And he doesn’t have any kids of his own.”
was. There might not have been many of Castiel’s belongings in Sam’s apartment, but this Ruby didn’t seem to have left much of a mark either. Where was she? Even if she’d gone on a girls’ trip away, surely she’d have expected to be in contact with her fiance? Sam had been unconscious for days now, and no one had—thankfully for Castiel—heard anything from her. Though if what Charlie had said was true, only Dean knew anything about her, and he, apparently, didn’t approve. From what he’d come to know of Dean, he suspected that if Dean thought this Ruby woman was bad news, she probably was.
“Do you like it? The car, I mean, not the crappy joke. This is one of the car’s I thought—well, Bobby and I thought might suit you.”
“Oh yeah.” Balthazar—and what kind of name was that, anyway?—arrayed himself against the shabby brickwork. “Cassie and I go way back. But I don’t mind sharing, as long as I get
Jesus Christ, there was something horribly wrong with it. It looked, at best, like a cat crossed with a domestic pig. Or like someone had inflated, then shrunk and subsequently skinned a mouse. Its skin wrinkled around its neck and ribs, a strange mixture of pink and grey flesh. The ears. Well dear God, the ears.
Castiel watched as he strode off across the forecourt, as pleased as a small boy showing off his first Dinky car. Hunching his shoulders against the cold, he stood back to admire the car once more. She really was expertly restored—at least as far as
,” Castiel said, smiling softly at him. “I wasn’t criticising, I think it’s wonderful how your family has just opened its arms to me, a complete stranger. I’ve…I’ve never felt so wanted and included in my life.”
Dean swallowed, and Castiel watched as the adam’s apple bobbed in his throat. They sat in silence a few moments more, Dean still staring at the wall ahead.
“It’s my pleasure. And I mean that.” Dean scrubbed his hand through his hair. “Look Cas, I’m sorry ‘bout what happened in Sam’s room earlier. I shouldn’t have accused you like that.”
“Not sayin’ you won’t need to pop round the garage with the occasional apple pie and beer, of course, for the emotional distress…”
“Well there’s one living in his flat, and Sam was buying its dinner…” He shrugged. “Dean and I went over to feed it, and then had some dinner, before going to the hospital. It made sense to go together." It seemed to last night, anyway.
Bobby rolled his eyes. “What Ellen’s trying to say, kid, is that Jo told them all she had a boyfriend, a big, strong, older, leather-jacket wearing ‘kick ass’ boyfriend.”
“That…” Dean cleared his throat and shifted away. Gypsum miaowed a protest and jumped from his lap. “That your knee playin’ up again?”
“My new panties,” she croaked, beckoning him towards her. “I only bought them last week. Cost me a fortune, they did.”
She turned to Castiel. “You’ve had your eggnog, now it’s time for Turkey.” She turned to the rest of the room. "We can't wait for Dean, or the turkey will be shrivelled dry. Come along everyone. It's Christmas."
“Sure you don’t want to help?” Dean asked, glancing over his shoulder, his t-shirt rucking up as he lifted his arms—and Sam’s—high above the bed.
“Well I’m hungry, even if you aren’t,” said Hannah, catching him by the elbow and dragging him off the walkway and towards a hotdog seller. “Let me buy you some lunch.”
“You attach the baby seat to them, and it’s safer than just a seatbelt. The, er, baby-seat safety ratings are based on a crash using isofix where available, so you’d definitely be looking for that feature. Easier than one of the bases you can get —those don’t work if you have under floor storage too.”
Within a few minutes he was driving south from Northwestern, heading past his own area of Logan Square, towards Pilsen, where Castiel apparently had an apartment. The traffic was surprisingly light, probably due to the number of people still on vacation as they recovered from three days of turkey sandwiches and eggnog. Looking at the tightly-packed housing, he wondered where exactly his satnav was going to take him. Pilsen was up and coming, but some areas were still pretty rough, though the LGBT scene was cool, according to Charlie anyway. Dean rarely had time to go out, and he’d always been more of a real ale in a bar than a nightclub kind of guy, anyway.
“You’d better come in,” Ellen gasped from her chair, her lips were a bluish-grey colour. “What did you say your name was?”
Three shadowy figures surrounded a much taller figure, one in a billowing coat. As Castiel watched, his chest thumping, one of the smaller figures went to grab at his bag.
“I’ll get you some water and ask a doctor to take a quick look at you, Ma’am.” Jessica drew Castiel to one side. “I don’t know what’s going on with you and this family, but whatever they think of you and how you live your life, just try not to let this get out of hand. I don’t want to hear any arguments, no raised voices, this lady needs to stay quiet or we’ll have
how Dean wanted to spend Christmas Eve, getting a close-proximity crotch inspection from Mr and Mrs Stepford, aka, his new boyfriend’s parents. With another death glare at Cas, he cups his hands over his package and waits out the examination.
He trailed off, shuddering. He’d thrown them straight in the bin, and washed his hands very very carefully. He almost hadn’t minded paying to replace
“Don’t let it boil, Cas, just keep stirring.” Mrs Novak rolls her eyes. “Honestly, I’ve tried, I have, but for someone so intelligent, he’s sadly lacking in common sense, or kitchen skills.”
“Sorry.” Chastened, Dean shoved his hands in his pockets. “I’m listening. What’s going on? Is Jo okay? You said she was unhappy.”
It was probably Mrs Mancini, with the receipt. He hadn’t got any cash to pay her, so she’d have to wait for pay day.
“I came here with Bobby the other day,” Dean said, settling him in a booth. “I’ve had better, but I don’t think we’ll get food poisoning.”
Sam, Sam had taken everything. And Dean had given everything he had. But Dean was already continuing, his fists clenched on the seat.
Castiel stood, frozen, on the sidewalk. Why was Hannah suddenly buying him lunch? It wasn’t, oh God, was this a date? Gabe sometimes teased him about Hannah, as well as his own inability to figure out that someone was chatting him up, but he’d always assumed she’d
Castiel scrubbed his brow. He knew Balthazar in one of these moods. He was never going to get a straight answer so the best thing to do was get rid of him so he can turn his mind to how, exactly, he was going to tell the Winchester-Harvelle-Singer family that he’d been lying to them since Christmas.
.” Without quite realising, he had slid his hand across the leather, pressing it against Dean’s own. “I didn’t know.”
“A little bit more?” Was this guy actually claiming he had a thing going with Castiel? Castiel who, however oddly, was engaged to
“Er, yeah. A previous restorer must have done that. Would have been worth more if he’d left it alone. No serious collector would take it.”
Jessica pointed towards the door. “Come this way, please.” She cast an apologetic glance towards Castiel, still seated in the waiting room, and ushered the older couple before her. “Only family can visit.”
“We’re keeping him sedated just now anyway, it’s better for his brain recovery,” she said reassuringly. “The surgeon is hoping that we can reduce the sedation next week, to see if he wakes up.”
He should not have started this conversation. They’ve got to get their stories straight for one, though obviously, definitely, meeting in the library is the option to go with, for everyone’s sake. But he can’t escape the flush, or the way his veins tingle every time he thinks of a certain reluctant Business & Accounting student, and he knows he’s being all too obvious. Hell, he’s even had comments from some of the students who have seen them in the library together. It just feels like this has been going on longer than two days, and in a way it has.
“A friend taught me how to cook them, but he’s responsible for the decoration.” He pulls back the foil on the one with the cross. “You know I’m not artistic.”
Castiel?” Dean poked his head around the bathroom door, and Castiel quickly stowed his phone in his pocket.
The hood clanged closed. “Dad always said Baby’d be mine one day. Guess he just didn’t realise how soon that’d be.”
“It’s fine,” Dean cut in, with sudden decision, though the eyes that met Castiel’s were nothing less than terrified. “There’s nothing Cas can’t hear.”
Charlie peered at him, then tucked his hand beneath her arm. It would have been comforting if he hadn’t know she would try to sway him.
Exchanged a panicked frown with his father, Cas dives for the hallway, his father close behind. A retired nurse, his mother is a sucker for waifs, strays—and a sob story.
“Depends on his shift.” Balthazar glanced down at his phone, apparently losing interest in the conversation now Dean had shown no interest in his dubious charms. “Sometimes he’s home for dinner, sometimes he isn’t.” He shrugged.
The water bowl was scummy round the sides, and nearly empty, so he washed and replaced that next, before heading out in search of the litter tray. Thankfully he easily spotted it on the balcony, and had soon dealt with that situation.
Castiel glanced over. Dean was staring straight ahead, his lip caught between his teeth as he wiped greasy hands on his shirt. There was clearly history here. He wanted to know more, even though he shouldn’t. The most he asked, the greater the ultimate betrayal. And yet… Dean fascinated him. He could admit that. A man who seemed to care for everyone around him, who was clearly loved by his hodgepodge family. A man who read Vonnegut, but seemed happiest talking about cars. He wanted to know more.
“Sam didn’t tell me that part,” Castiel replied, quite truthfully, and neglecting to mention Sam hadn’t told him
Charlie was giggling behind her drink, and even Jo winked at him. He decided to leave the smile alone, as it was obviously contentious.
Jess chuckled. “This is more like an oil change, really. In fact if you move his arms like this…” She demonstrated expertly. “Then that will get the synovial fluid in his joints flowing.”
“You’d better go through then,” said the receptionist, turning with relief as Dean’s nurse, Jess, reappeared. “The nurse here will take you to him. Nurse Moore, these are Sam Winchester’s…
“I’ve been waiting all my life for a road trip,” he said, wistfully, crushing down a pang at the reminder. The deception was always easiest when he was out and about with Dean, only to be pulled back to reality whenever Dean mentioned Sam, his ghost, silent and accusing, between them.
“I know, and maybe you were right. But that doesn’t help us now. Jo… well, Jo’s been having a hard time from some of the other girls. Girls can be difficult, you know?”
“You’d better watch out, Castiel," Charlie said, breaking into his thoughts. "I think Nurse Jessica has a bit of a crush on your fiance.”
“Um…” He paused and turned back, considering. He didn’t want Castiel to know he was on to him just yet. He needed to do a bit more digging first, because Ellen and Bobby seemed utterly besotted with the guy. “Tell him, nah.” He shook his head. “It’s fine, don’t worry ‘bout it.”
“No change then?” he asked. “He seems to have been in this coma for an awfully long time. Is that—is that a bad sign?”
There it is, right by the door, probably slid over, with the car listing like the Titanic’s final moments.
“Right.” Sitting up, Dean flung his napkin on the table. “If we’re gonna do this, we’re gonna do it properly. I’m—yep—I’m bi.” He looked round the table, his gaze hard. “All right?”
Castiel nodded. He knew he was trouble, but he had yet to supply anyone with illegal drugs, so that was probably one point in his favour.
Dean squeezed the bridge of his nose, eliciting a raised eyebrow of concern from Castiel, across the room. He shook his head slightly, and Castiel turned back to Garth, who seemed to be demonstrating a particularly painful form of dental surgery, going by the alarming arm actions.
His shoes were in the hallway still, so, with a last check of the room, he folded the blanket and placed it neatly at the end of the couch. Then he drew his now-bulging rucksack over his shoulder, and opened the door to the hall.
“Castiel—Castiel Novak,” he said, wondering whether it would make things better or worse for them to be told the truth now. Perhaps he should wait, at least until the older lady looked a little better.
“Oh my goodness.” Her hand pressed to her chest, Ellen staggered backwards, and her daughter sprang forwards with a shout.
Jo tried to peer between them. “Because we all heard the Impala arrive five minutes ago, and when we looked outside, you had Castiel bent over that hood like you were—” she broke off as Ellen appeared beside her, an eyebrow raised.
he gets every desire, that he’s so confident in who he is—is you. You’ve provided him with the safety and security you didn’t get yourself. And you can see the difference—”
“What’s going on?” He folded his arms, waiting for a reply, and a little unsettled by their secretive behaviour.
Before Castiel could say anything, he stalked towards the old garage building, leaving Castiel, alone on the forecourt, staring after him.
“Mine?” Balthazar dangled the panties between them with a leer that was probably supposed to be seductive. “I thought they were yours!”
“All this for nothing.” Castiel sighed. “I’d really hoped I’d be able to do something for Sam. But I completely forgot, I don’t think my brain even switched on until I had that coke.”
Dean turned to him, his eyes lighting up at the sight of the cookies. “Here you go, make sure you get your share too.” He stuffed a chocolate chip cookie in his mouth, his cheeks bulging as he chewed. “Not the best, but it
“Not tonight Balthazar”—never if he had anything to do with it, but it didn’t do to upset his landlord— “I’ve got to feed Gypsum and get back to the hospital.”
“I… I don’t know, man,” Dean faltered, after a minute, and rubbed his chin. “I definitely like women. In fact I probably have the hots for a lot more women than men. And there were no problems in the bedroom, if you catch my drift.” He grunted and cast Castiel a sheepish glance. “Sorry, TMI, brother’s fiance an’ all. “It’s just, when I find a guy I
“Her heart, yes.” Castiel’s own voice wavered, as the implications of Dean’s words continued to resonate, leaving him strangely breathless. “What actually happened?”
Garth was eyeing the still-bubbling tart with a dentist’s instinctive horror. “Princess Leia had excellent teeth.”
Castiel winced. He’d forgotten that Balthazar had been telling stories to Dean, but at least it gave him an opportunity to straighten things out.
“Come in!” Dean bellowed, his mouth full of nuts, as he squeezed round the table to serve the wine. Ellen liked to do things properly now.
The garage—it was more a garage than a junk yard, however it might have started out—took up over a block, on the edge of the suburb, where the houses gave way to block-like supermarkets and DIY stores.
Ellen and Bobby had always treated him and Sam as family. Especially once their dad took off for real, and they were no longer worried about stepping on John Winchester’s toes.
“You!” Dean said, his green eyes puzzled. “That was the hospital. They want you to give blood if you can. It’s standard practice for all relatives, apparently. We can, um, head there now, if you’ve finished here?”
Castiel suppressed a groan. He’d read somewhere, that once you start a lie, it only grows bigger and bigger until it implodes. But ever since he’d saved Sam and met Dean, the lies were not only growing bigger, but multiplying like horny rabbits and hopping all over the place, causing chaos in the vegetable patch.
What the hell was Balthazar doing with those? Not of course that it was his place to comment. Everyone had a right to express themselves. Just not in his closet.
this?” Dean asked, leading the way through the murky underground parking lot, after offering to give Castiel a lift to Sam’s place.
He could see they were fairly well off, if a little rough around the edges. New middle classes, probably. Certainly a lot better off than
“That’s it Cas! You’re clearly in pain, and I don’t know why you’re being so damn stubborn about this car.” He got to his feet. “Get dressed—feed the damn cat, whatever else you need to do. Then we’re going to see this car.”
Dean swallowed, but he had to step in, though Missouri’s eery certainty had him struggling for composure.
They spent the rest of the morning at the hospital, although Castiel refused to drive the Impala there, throwing the keys back to Dean and shaking his head. The ice-covered streets were busy and he didn’t trust himself to handle a manual gear shift, especially in Dean’s pride and joy. Still, he enjoyed watching Dean’s obvious pleasure in handling the Impala, his hands confidently curled around the steering wheel as he grinned over at Castiel from time to time.
Castiel’s throat constricted, as it always did. “My father always dreamed of taking a road trip. We couldn’t afford a car, but he used to read old car magazines and plan a trip.” He smiled despite himself. “We used to get out the big road map and plan our route, imagining all the places we’d go. He’d even plan out the fuel stops.”
“I did hear about that,” Charlie murmured, her eyes closing again. “Ellen was horrified he’d accused you.”
beautiful. But maybe we should wait until Sam’s awake. We’d have to discuss this between us, figure out what to do. We’d want something future proof…”
Castiel shook his head, but Dean towered over him, immoveable though his gaze was somewhere over Castiel's shoulder.
Still wearing her fingerless gloves, Charlie wrapped her fingers around her mug, dipping her head and sighing as the steam rose into her face.
“Oh,” said Castiel, as understanding began to dawn. “Well…” he temporised, still not one hundred percent sure what he was being asked. “I love her.”
“Dean! I haven’t driven in years. I’ll probably reverse it into a trash can or something.” He shook his head. “It’s a big decision and a big responsibility. Maybe we should wait until Sam’s better.”
Happily, the surgeon who arrived shortly afterwards was optimistic, telling him that Sam showed some brain function, and was responding to painful stimuli. And didn’t that sound fun… Apparently they were going to reduce the sedation once the swelling had gone down, and all being well, Sam would wake up with a banging headache but otherwise intact.
“Dentist,” Garth said, sampling a handful of peanuts from the sideboard. “I work at a surgery downtown.”
But even now, with Cas dressed and safely in the car, Dean couldn’t put those panties out of his head, and it was making things awkward every time they caught each other’s gaze, and looked quickly away again. A guy didn’t need to know what his brother got up to in the bedroom, even if it kinda mirrored his own sex life. It just… wasn’t right.
Castiel walked past the Singer household for the third time that night. He was trying not to stare too obviously, but no one seemed to be looking out for him. Had they
“Mr Winchester?” Jessica finished. “Well I’m afraid only next of kin will be allowed to see him, as he is really quite poorly. But—” she added, with a smile, “You did save his life, so I’ll see if I can find out how he is doing.”
“About me?” Dean shrugged. “I don’t think so. I used to, well,” Sheepishly, he rubbed the back of his neck with his free hand. “I used to have a bit of a reputation with the girls, and though it’s been a very long time, that reputation’s kinda stuck, and no-one’s ever questioned it.”
Ellen gave him an all too understanding look, the kind of look Dean didn’t want to deal with. “Dean, I know what your dad would have thought about… Sam, and Cas. But not everyone’s like that. We don’t think like that. And Missouri won’t
A barbed wire fence ran between the yard and the sidewalk, but within the fence he could see faded garage doors, with some kind of office, maybe even an apartment, above. Scattered across the muddy forecourt immediately beyond the gates were a couple of old Shell signs and a gas pump, circa 1960 or thereabouts. It was all very retro, except obviously genuine.
“That’s just what we call a prolonged period of unconsciousness.,” she said, kindly. “We don’t know when he’ll wake up, but he probably will. The Harvelles—that’s Ellen, her daughter Jo, and her second husband Bobby Singer—are frantic with worry, especially as Ellen’s first husband died of a head injury sustained in a hunting accident. It’s got to be bringing back all sorts of bad memories, on top of the trauma of Sam being hurt. They’re broken and lost, just now, but you’ve given them something new to think about.” She smiled up at him, her eyes warm. “They’ve just met you, and they want to get to know you, both as Sam’s fiancé, and the man who risked his own life to save Sam’s. I think at this moment you are the only thing preventing that family from imploding with grief.”
Is this the…” She attempts some form of eyebrow semaphore but it looks more like she’s having some sort of seizure.
Dean stared at him for a moment, long enough for Castiel to regret his candour. Then Dean shook his head and squeezed himself through the narrow gap between the Impala and a shiny new Tesla that Dean seemed to regard with something like pity.
“Yeah, Charlie says that too. She knows, though she guessed rather than me telling her. She’s pretty surprised about Sam though, said she didn’t see that one coming.” Dean shook his head again. “Man. I can’t believe he was about to marry a guy and spring it on the family, assuming everyone would be cool with it. Doesn’t he have doubts and worries, like normal people?”
What kinda name’s that? No. Sam didn’t tell me anything. I thought, well... I guess I never thought I’d see
Castiel shrugged, hoping his burning cheeks were hidden in the gloom of the lot. “I usually go by public transport, and Sam always takes the transit too, because it’s better for the environment—so I’ve never been in a car before.”
In every picture they had of the two of them, people could always tell them apart. Jimmy’s face would be open and smiling, his posture relaxed, whilst Castiel would be the dour one, his arms folded, always looking slightly away from the camera.
Classic cars were always valuable, weren’t they? Especially ones as beautiful as the Lincoln. And thank heavens he’d never actually have to fill her up.
.” Balthazar sighed and rolled his eyes. “It’s when two people like each other, and go out and have—” He licked his lips. “Sex…”
He sat by Sam for another hour, fiddling with his phone, after texting Charlie in the hope she would drop in, but she wasn’t replying to his messages.
“Tell that to the angels. Uh oh. The platform’s getting crowded,” Gabe remarked, as he let another three people through the ticket gate on his side. “Anyway, what was Hannah saying that made you so grumpy the other day? She asked where you usually went for lunch, so I thought she was finally going to get the courage to ask you out.” He smiled smugly. “You can thank me for it later, in Haribo.”
“Stranger things have happened, Castiel, like George Clooney finally getting married.” Gave tilted his head as he listened to a muffled platform announcement. “Oh fuck, the one-twenty-five has been delayed again. Wanna bet how many people try to get a refund today?”
Gypsum dropped down from Castiel’s lap, and leaped lightly into Dean’s knee. “Oh hello.” He petted her for a minute, seeming glad of the distraction. “So, I’ve got your engagement present.”
Dean turned off the ignition and the throat roar of the engine cut out. He shuffled in his seat, looking a little awkward.
“That sounds more like my upbringing,” Castiel said softly, as Dean edged his door open with due regard for the paintwork. “My dad loved me, but he was a dreamer. He couldn’t hold down a job—he wanted to create things, but that doesn’t pay well.”
“Is your knee still playing up?” Jess asked, with a sympathetic smile. “I hope you didn’t come on the transit again, there are far too many stairs to contend with.”
“Yeah. Or a drug dealer. Like, blingy, you know? Gold paint, low ride. That’s just what people call ‘em. It’s been here for ever. Bobby only let me cut my teeth on it for a joke.”
“Yes, I know they stepped in later, and that’s wonderful, but a child’s formative experiences, the earliest years, are those that help determine whether he’s a secure, confident adult. And
“Oh my God, Dean.” He gulped at Dean’s stare. “I’m so, so sorry. I just, I thought it was up, to reverse, and—well, apparently that was wrong.”
The strains of classic rock filled the car, and his shoulders began to relax, even though they’d joined a lengthy queue, shoppers heading downtown for the sales.
Maybe Sam had just realised that someone needed to look after Cas. The guy was pretty shit at looking after himself. Any idiot could see he was still struggling with his knee, however much he tried to hide it. And God knows what Sam was thinking leaving him in that freezing apartment with that sleazy landlord sliming all over the place.
“We’ll be off then, Jess,” said the nice EMT once he’d finished his handover. “And before I forget, cher, here’s the guy who saved Mr Winchester, jumped on the tracks and all, so take care of him.” He winked at the nurse as he lay his meaty hand on Castiel’s shoulder. “I let him ride along, but keep that under your hat. He’ll need an x-ray of his right knee as a precaution.”
“Yep, and that’s about the best that can be said for it.” Dean shook his head. “What I mean, is, you don’t look like a pimp, man.”
“Apple pie.” Dean pursed his lips, then nodded. “It’s a deal. Now shall we get out and take a proper look at the damage? Check we’re okay to drive to Ellen’s?”
Cas, his eyes wide and panicked, shakes his head minutely. He looks like he might be about to have another panic attack.
“Not exactly.” Blue eyes, so blue, soften. “More because they’ll put that together with me being… well, me looking—"
He hadn’t in years though, his oven was broken. And it seemed kind of pointless, when he was the only one there to eat it.
“And the doc is okay with you pulling the wool over this family’s eyes for the most spurious of reasons?”
Cas shrugs as he’s enveloped in a wine-scented embrace, her forehead only just reaching his shoulder.
“Would you mind, if I mentioned you? I mean, you’re not…” Cas stops. “You’re out to me, and Sammy, and Bobby, but I guess that—”
“Suppose someone’s gotta tell you.” Dean shook his head. “But not here. Let’s head over to Sam’s place, make sure that nightmare of a cat gets fed. Though I imagine it usually dines on ghouls and the tortured souls of dead mailmen.”
“Sammy went to school.” Dean turned to face him, his eyes shining. “You know Sammy. Even in a filthy motel that kid was special. I knew he needed his chance. I was just a dumb kid, knew I’d never amount to much, but Sam… Sam was different.”
“Sorry I’m late, my relief got stuck in a supply closet, if you’ll believe it. Luckily Jess heard him shouting, and went to let him out.”
gave Sam everything he needed. I know it’s not fair. You deserved to have that kind of start too.” He shook his head. “Jesus, I don’t think you realise what you actually did. Dean, you could have followed your dad, you could have treated Sam the way
“Guy’s got taste in jackets, if not girls.” Another thought came to him, and he narrowed his eyes. “How
“I used to be able to see into the future, you know,” Missouri turned sadly to Cas. “But now they say I can’t even see into the past.”
Thanks to Charlie’s ingenuity, he’d managed to avoid any more awkward questions, though Pamela had been seeking him out for a gossip, he was sure, and Jo still side-eyed him from time to time. Thankfully the eggnog had gotten to her in the end, and she'd swayed upstairs bemoaning the fact that Dean hadn’t made it home. He was beginning to wonder whether there had ever been anything between her and this Dean, of it was merely a teenage crush.
“It’s my brother, Sammy,” Dean said, apparently recovered from his earlier embarrassment. “He’s up in neurology—in a coma.”
Dean unlocked the driver’s door, and then, to Castiel’s surprise, went round to the passenger side, and unlocked that, before slipping inside. He leaned across the bench seat and shook the keys in front of Castiel.
Respect for Dean was swelling in his chest. Many men, however decent, would have lost their cool in this situation.
been all this time, but when those girls started in on her, it was the obvious thing for her to say, don’t you see. And she’s always had a soft spot for you.”
“That’s very impressive.” Castiel leaned forward to peer inside. “From a wreck? It looks like it just came off the production line, what, back in the late 60s?”
At that point the buzzer goes off in the kitchen. Getting to her feet and tottering towards the door, his mother beckons.
“I can’t drive Baby!” Castiel stared at him. He knew enough to know that Baby was Dean’s pride and joy.
Castiel slumped back against the wall, breathing heavily, his legs suddenly bloodless. He would have to talk to Charlie. This was getting ridiculous. They couldn’t keep this deception going, someone was going to get hurt. As Dean’s voice filtered in from the living room, he pulled out his phone and typed a rapid message.
“About the insider trading.” Cas’s smile widens. “And there I was worrying you’d find out about the sex work.”
Left alone on the street, Dean rubbed his hand through his hair as he weighed up his options. That pretty nurse had said Castiel liked to hang out at the hospital after work. He checked his phone and came to a decision: Head home to Logan Square, have a nap, and then aim to be at the hospital early that evening.
Dean was staring, jaw dropped, at the skeletal apparition, and as Castiel watched nervously, he blinked slowly, before meeting Castiel’s horrified gaze.
“Sweet” But Dean didn’t seem to be paying attention as he scanned the nearby vehicles. “There’s an imported Toyota over there, very reliable, and we’ve got a couple of Fords which might suit. You know what, why don’t you take a look around, I’m just gonna— gonna, you know. Check in the office. Probably got some, er, emails or something.”
Mr Novak stares right back at him, his lips quirking into a rapidly suppressed smile which has Dean’s face contorting.
"So, um, Jess mentioned you’d both been in to see Sam this morning? I'm sorry I missed you, but it's been non-stop all night.”
“I really am sorry, Dean,” Castiel faltered. “I—I can’t afford to repay you back right away, but I could give you what I can, every month, until it’s paid off.”
Hopefully, he thought, as she checked her hair in the mirror, Missouri’s arrival and first meeting with Cas would distract everyone from the whole car crash
“Will you be able to do it yourself?” Castiel shook his head. “I really am sorry, Dean. To have restored her so beautifully and then to have to start again, just because
Ellen nodded. “Basically she described you. And the school was concerned, you’re so much older, and—” she gestured at his battered jeans and shirt. “You’re not exactly like the guys the other girls go out with. The college was concerned for her welfare.”
“Cas, you’d better come and help me with the salad, and I’d like your advice on the Christmas centrepiece.” And then as Cas hesitates. “I’m sure your father is capable of entertaining your friend.”
“He’s very handsome.” That was Ellen, to the lady called Pamela. “No, we didn’t know either. But that’s the world today isn’t it? No one’s straight anymore, they say.”
“Oh yeah, I guess so.” Dean seemed satisfied, temporarily at least, and remained silent, staring down at his rugged boots, until they reached the 69th floor.
And then she was tugging him along the path to the house, and before he could protest, the front door was open, light spilling down the steps.
Gabe wrapped the blanket more firmly around his shoulder. “It only took seconds, I followed you down as I called for help. It may have
“I’m sorry,” he said formally, juggling the shoes as he tried to untangle the knot in his laces. “But as you can see, I’m not one for formal wear, myself. Anyway, I—I should get going. My shift starts in an hour.”
“That’s no bad thing, Bobby.” Ellen pulled her cardigan further around herself, shivering in the draught that came in from the hall. “She could do anything, with money behind her, even be a corporate lawyer like Sam.”
“Better go, before ‘well-fucked’ turns into ‘just been fucked at the end of your drive’.” For safety, Dean tucks his hands into his jeans’ pockets.
Following him, Castiel changed the subject. Perhaps Dean was upset at the thought of Sam having a child, when he clearly missed Ben. “So you’re saying this car’s more family friendly?”
“Say thank you, Cassie.” He held out the bag and leaned forward, winking lasciviously. His hips were pressed close, though Castiel managed to manoeuvre the bag between them.
Castiel swallowed the guilt choking his throat, and nodded. “I hope you’ll believe me one day, when I say I would never intentionally do anything to hurt you or your family, Dean.”
Dean shrugged, his leather jacked bunching up around his broad shoulders. “Nah, I mean, he’s been busy, I know that, hot shot lawyer an’ all. I guess, and I can certainly see why he’d be spending more time with you…” He trailed off, looking horrified. He rubbed his jaw. “God, not that. I mean, Ruby, you know, she was a complete bitch. She was changing him, always going to fine restaurants, and designer clothes, and shit like that, you know. And okay, so Sam’s more a salad bar kinda guy, so burger joints were never his thing, but she just liked to spend money, and to be seen to spend money, and Sam never used to be that…” He paused, his forehead screwed up as he searched visibly for the right word.
“I agree,” said the paramedic. “And as you’re only walking wounded, you can sit on the seat in the back with me and him.” He pointed over his shoulder to the ambulance, where the injured lawyer lay with another EMT leaning over him. “But we need to go
“Done what?” She tilted her head, her usually smiling face was sombre. “Look, can I come in, it’s freezing out here.”
“Kind of strange,” Castiel played for time. “An anti-possession tattoo. Some sort of pentagonal shape, I’m not sure what shape is is technically.” He’d looked up anti-possession marks on google on his way home from the hospital, the day he’d met Crowley. He wasn’t exactly sure what Sam’s looked like, but he had nothing to lose by making a guess at that point. “He’s a little embarrassed by it.”
His heart warming a little at that friendly ‘Cas’, Castiel nodded and gave his full name to the lady, as they followed her over to the reception desk.
Charlie shook her head. “She’s not… no, she’s at home, in bed. She’s okay—for now. But the tests showed that her heart function has deteriorated more than we’d expected. It might be reversible, just an effect of the shock of Sam’s accident, she’s always been like a mother to him. But it’s not a good sign, and there’s very little than can be done, except to keep her as healthy and stress-free as possible.”
She eyed him narrowly. “Yeah, well, let’s check that out anyway, huh, I don’t want you passing out on me. Now, Dean Winchester I’m takin’ it. What about you?” She turned to Dean’s sheet and ran her finger down the page.
“You know… that makes a lotta sense.” Bobby rolled his eyes as Dean turned on him. “Oh come on, boy. That year Benny worked at the yard, you were down there every day, tryin’ to help out trippin’ over yourself whenever he asked you to hand him a wrench.”
“I haven’t been to Sam’s from this part of town before.” He raised an eyebrow. “You good to give me directions?”
“You know a lot about this.” Castiel fiddled with his coat sleeve as Dean withdrew from the backseat, and stood next to him.
“Will you be needing me?” the carer asked, blushing as she met his eye. “Missouri told me she would be fine with your family, but I’d be very happy to stay.”
Later, he reflected, he’d had no choice, really. For once Charlie dragged him up the steps there was no way he could get out of it. He handed over his modest gift, and it was welcomed as though he’d flown personally to a French vineyard to find it, and then Ellen was pulling him through to a warm sitting room scented with pine and spices. He found himself in a seat near the fire, to ‘warm him through’, whilst the infamous eggnog and sausage rolls and cheese sticks were pressed on him. For someone so used to being solitary, the noise was overwhelming.
“Stand to the side, and then follow us in,” said the EMT winking, as he operated the lift. “We’ll pretend you followed us in a cab.”
“Whatever.” Dean shrugged. “There’s a family sunday lunch later, Ellen asked me to invite you along. You can say, if you’ve had enough of the Winchester clan by now. I know we can be a bit much.”
“Our dad was one of those manly guys, you know? Shooting range. Beating people up in bars. I don’t know if he was like that before my mom died, but he sure as hell was after. All it took was a couple of drinks and his fists would be out.” Dean shivered a little and Castiel turned his hand over, to squeeze it. “He couldn’t stand anyone being ‘soft’. You know what Vonnegut said—if you want to hurt your parents, be gay or go into the arts. He made it damn well clear that he wanted no ’nancy boys’, didn’t even like having books an’ music around so the arts weren’t an option either. You see that kinda attitude growing up, you shut up—and become a mechanic.”
The churn in his gut was rapidly turning into full on nausea. He looked up at Hannah, and she did, at least, have the grace to look embarrassed.
It was just that he’d stupidly hoped, somehow, that if the truth came out early enough, and he made a clean breast of it, to Dean… to Bobby and Ellen, then there might be some chance he could stay in touch. In the best case scenario, the fact he’d risked his own life to save Sam’s might, with just a few days of deception, have allowed them to overlook his dishonesty, perhaps even understand how it had come about. But the longer it went on, the worse the betrayal when it finally came out.
“Sam told you about it, huh?” Dean tossed the car keys in his hand, clearly proud of his car. “This is Baby.”
“So, uh. Yeah. Not as good as Baby, obviously. But pretty decent.” Dean stepped back and gestured to the car with an awkward flourish. “She’s a 1968 Chevrolet Camaro. I prefer the 1970 second generation myself, they have these big, circular headlamps, and this really angular grille in the middle. It’s got more personality, if you ask me. But this one’s not bad.”
Dean straightened. “Right well, that’ll do me, though God knows what you see in her. The working parts are good. The exterior’s almost there, but as I said I’m still waiting for some parts. It’s gonna be at least a month though, I don’t know if you can wait that long?”
“It’s good to see you, too, Missouri.” Charlie leaned over and pressed her hand gently. “I don’t know if you remember me, I’m—”
, had always been the person closest to Sam, and he was finding it hard to remember someone else might care just as much as he did.
Dean frowned, and stuffed his hands in his pockets. “It’s not like I sewed myself a frilly skirt. It’s tough, getting a needle through leather.”
Castiel glances down at the foil-covered pecan pie in his lap. He looks at Dean, then through the windscreen, down the gravelled drive towards the twinkling, welcoming windows of Cas’s parents’ house.
“What Mom’s not saying is that she’s got an enormous turkey in the fridge, and at least six pies,” put in Jo, who seemed to have had a change of heart. “If you don’t come and help us we are going to roll into New Year.”
“Hang on a minute, Dean.” Bobby appeared at his elbow, his bleary eyes worried. “Don’t go making a scene here.”
“It reminds me of my childhood.” Castiel shook his head, answering Dean’s unspoken question. “We didn’t have one, couldn't have afforded it.” He ran his hand along the Lincoln’s glossy flank. “I told you about the road trips my dad and I used to plan? Well I used to draw out the routes, and list the towns we might visit, and make a kind of—kind of scrapbook in the atlas.”
Sometimes it was difficult to remember she was no longer the tough, no-nonsense Ellen they’d grown up with.
Dean’s gaze softened. “And of all the families to land in, you land in ours.” He shook his head as he locked up the Lincoln. “We can come back for this another time. You’ll have to learn to drive it first, though.”
“Ah fuck. Forget I said that.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck and gave a dry chuckle. “Funnily enough, if Sam was awake, I’d probably be flirtin’ with you just to piss him off, but, yeah. I can’t help myself apparently.”
He froze, searching their faces for a sign this was a joke, some ridiculous prank. But they looked steadily back, Ellen fidgeting with the wedding ring on her left finger, the one scarred by a dog bite.
He arrived on the platform, gasping for breath, and the crowd parted a little, showing him the way through to the altercation. The lawyer seemed to be holding his own—he was, after all, at least six foot three—but no one was stepping in to help him.
“It’s all right.” Dean froze, before picking his leather jacket off the couch and brushing it off, his ears a little reddened. “You’ll soon learn in this family.”
He was wrinkling his nose, trying not to think about where Mrs Mancini got the money to support her lingerie habit, when Gypsum leaped into his arms and made a move for the panties.
He’s like some kind of giddy teenager. He’d better pull himself together because Sammy is going to rip the everlasting piss out of him, if he goes back like this.
“Musta been.” Dean frowned and tugged at the sleeves of his plaid shirt, his threadbare jeans and rugged boots so very different from Sam’s camel-coloured cashmere. “And what d’ya mean, I’m not what you expected? What’s Sam been tellin’ you.”
“It’s a beautiful car, Dean,” Castiel chastised. “And I’m honoured that you would offer me the first vehicle you ever restored.”
“This is us,” Castiel announced, redundantly, as the elevator door chimed their arrival. He stepped forward confidently, his eyes having already spotted the correct door. All four doors looked the same, but only one had a silver plate matching the key fob in his hand.
said, about five minutes ago. You think I can’t take care of myself? I worked in an ER for twenty years, I can read people.” She waves him in. “Castiel! Give the poor boy a hand, he won’t bite.”
Cas steps forward, sees, for the first time, the blood splotches on Dean’s jeans. His eyes widen and his fists clench.
“Yeah, well she’s far from perfect.” Dean turned and unlocked the nearest door, his pale skin flaming, as Castiel had noticed it always did when he was praised. “Take a look inside.”
He glanced at Ellen again, beseechingly this time and then went for it. He held out both hands, cupped towards himself as though pulling Sam towards him.
“Dean!” Bobby cast an anxious look at Ellen, who had just returned from the kitchen, and Dean relented, a faint stirring of guilt in his gut as he saw Ellen’s face.
“Er,” says Dean, clutching his glass. He tugs his boxers lower on his thighs, attempting to hide the small purplish marks covering his legs.
“Are we expecting company?” Cas’s dad holds out his hand, and Cas squeezes it, suddenly noticing how fragile it feels.
Bobby swirls his whisky round his tumbler. “I always said Jo wasn’t suited to an all-girls anything, Ellen.”
“All done, boys. Keep still and I’ll be back with an orange juice and cookie in about ten minutes.” Donna winked at Castiel. “Whatever you’re doing to distract him, it’s working. But remember what I said—no mess for me to clean up.”
“Er, sorry.” Dean scrubbed his hand through his hair. “That came out wrong. I don’t, I don’t have a problem with it. Just so ya know. Just surprised Sam didn’t tell me. And in desperate need of sleep.”
"He said he was a student." His father sniffs the air. "Do you think that mac n'cheese is ready? These boys must be starving, they probably haven't had time to eat proper food, with all the, er." He falters. "Last minute shopping."
Overwhelmed, Castiel did not immediately notice Pamela’s question, let alone reply, and then Charlie nudged him and shifted her gaze towards Pamela, staring, sightless from her chair on the other side of the fire.
“I can’t imagine Sam Winchester as a bigamist, and much as I hate Ruby and would be glad to see the back of her, I want to protect this family too. They’re the only family I’ve got now.”
“Not yet,” he said cautiously, and sipped at his coffee. Sam’s brother Dean, he’d come to understand from the general chatter earlier, was off across country seeing some car he wanted to buy or something.
“I was teachin’ Castiel to drive, I confused him, and he accidentally bumped the wall of the parking lot,” Dean said, flatly. “It’s no big deal.”
Dean squinted at him, then shook his head. “Cas. Of course you’re still coming to Ellen’s. You’re family now.”
Jo was in front of them now, heedless of her pink fluffy slippers. She stared at them as they blocked her view of the Impala’s front, and crossed her arms.
Dean pulled onto the main road, heading north, towards Bobby’s yard. Castiel sat silent beside him. At least he’d gone and put some clothes on before they set off. A pair of tight grey jeans and an old maroon hoodie, making him look like a scruffy student.
“Er…” Jo glanced at her mother. “I was asking what they were doing out here. It’s cold. They could catch a chill, and then they wouldn’t be able to go visit Sam.”
“At work,” Castiel replied, stepping towards her. “I work for the Chicago Transit Authority, at Randolph/Wasbah, the station near his legal firm. But,” he added. Oh God, this was unbelievably embarrassing, but he had to tell them the truth. “I think you should know—”
Dean flushed. “Well it’s not an authentic restoration, we couldn’t get hold of the original wing mirrors or bonnet, so they’re from a 1970 model, so, you know, wrong generation. And I had to salvage the interior leather from a Chevy I found in the junkyard. She’s far from mint condition and not worth anywhere
“Probably about their reputation too,” Bobby put in, then downed his whisky in a gulp. “It’s only because they’re a fancy private college that they’re even bothering about this. The kid’s an adult, she don’t want parents getting stuck between her and her tutor.”
“Yeah.” Dean stepped back alongside him to join in the admiration. He shoved his hands in his pockets. “I restored her myself from a wreck.”
“Dean,” breaks in Dean, before Cas can spin some nutjob story. Cos damn that boy’s got imagination. “I’m a student at Cas’s college.” He thrust his leg through the doorway, into the light. “I got driven off the road by some idjut.”
Dean scrubbed his forehead. “What do you mean, seeing me with other people? You haven’t seen me with anyone.”
“Oh God,” he whispered, feeling sick as Dean rested his head against the dashboard, his fists clenched tight as some emotion, anger most likely, rippled through him.
It was wrong. He couldn’t do it. He stood in front of the house, and pressed his eyes closed. No, he had to leave. However hurt they’d be if he didn’t turn up, it wouldn’t be half so bad as their hurt if he continued ingratiating himself into this family, only for Sam to wake up and tell them it was all a stupid lie. He had to do the sensible thing.
“I didn’t know Sam had a cat.” Although Pamela couldn’t actually see him, her gaze was strangely assessing.
“Dean. It’s incredible! You wouldn’t believe it was the same car.” He glanced at the car, longing to run his hands over the paintwork, but not quite daring to. “Does she… work? I mean, is she drivable?”
“You can’t be allergic to stick instincts,” said Jo. “She just didn’t like them.“ She turned to Castiel. “Uncle Brian kept hundreds of them, and they kept escaping and turning up in the tea-pot.”
confidential, and does not link up with any other medical records or health insurance. It’s purely a screening process.”
After his shift, during which Gabriel was, thankfully, absent, he returned to his apartment to find Balthazar, his landlord, lounging on the tenement stairs outside his door.
“Good point,” he says, pulling Cas forward for one last kiss. “Let me help you out with those pies.”
“Bed-bugs don’t have wings. Let me take a look,” says Mr Novak, gently pushing his wife out of the way. “Entomology was my hobby, as a boy. I kept thirteen stick insects at one point, and I’ve been bitten by pretty much anything you could imagine.”
“Is that what happened to Baby?” Charlie eyed him with concern. “I saw her on the driveway and I was about to ask if you were okay.”
“Well, technically it’s a 1978 Lincoln Continental Mark V’,” Dean replied, giving the golden car a pat. “But I call it the ‘Pimpmobile’”.
“Guess you’d need to, all that blood and bodily fluids. Yuck.” He shook his head. “I like fixing stuff that’s broken, but at least metal don’t bleed out.”
When Missouri had first been diagnosed they’d been told to accept when Missouri misremembered, recalling her to the reality of the situation only caused pointless distress, but this was… certainly awkward.
"Yeah, probably sounds crazy, but she predicts the future. I'm not superstitious, of course, but somehow that woman has been right every single time.” A thought struck him, and he turned quickly to Ellen. “Have you told her about Sam yet?”
Panic spiking in his veins, he shook his head, coming back to life—and then he was on the lawyer, rolling them sideways in a tight embrace, as the train thundered past, its horn bellowing.
“God no. Ben’s a great kid, wasn’t mine though.” But Dean’s smile was wistful as he took a last look at the back seat, before heading round to the trunk.
“Here look.” Dean fumbled in his pocket and followed him to the rear. “I’ve got a few pictures of what she looked like when I picked her up in Kansas.”
He knew he was often oblivious to the signals other men sent out, but he also knew that if he ever gave Balthazar a single inch, he’d take a mile, so he’d always been extremely firm about refusing all potential dates.
“But you’ve been single for a while?” Castiel cringed as he realised what he’d said. “Sorry. And there I was saying I wouldn’t remember anything I overheard.”
Cas shrugs, and his father shakes his head as his mom makes her way to the hall, her gait just a little unsteady, the colour high on her cheeks.
“They should put that on their flyers,” Castiel suggested, winning a flash of green eyes and a grin that made him sit up just a little bit straighter.
“Original.” With a smirk, Dean strode across the concrete, towards a Prius and a sleek black muscle car Castiel thought looked like a classic Chevy. Going by what he’d heard at Bobby’s the previous night, he knew Dean was unlikely to be the owner of the Prius.
Castiel shrugged and wandered around to peer over Dean’s shoulder. Together they looked down at the open hood. It was a jumble of pipes and… valves maybe? Dean seemed to be satisfied with what they were seeing. And it certainly seemed clean for an engine, but that was about as far as his knowledge of cars would take him.
, aren’t.” Balthazar didn’t seem to be paying any attention. “Balthazar, I’m serious! It could get me into trouble.”
Crowley winked. “Sometimes that’s a good thing. No, I’ve known Sam, and Dean, since Sam was a freshman. I was there when he graduated too, in fact I was there when he got that ridiculous tat.” He shook his head. “Bloody hell, he was sozzled that night. Dean too. Matching anti-possession tattoos on his arse-cheek, for God’s sake. I’m just glad I was sober enough to refuse to join in.”
“I’m sorry,” he said, looking between them. “But I gotta say, I’m lost here. You say me not pursuing Jo is part of the problem? I mean, I know she used to hero worship me a bit, but that’s not, that’s—she doesn’t think like that any more, surely?”
“Well…” Bobby drew it out. “You know she don’t fit in at that new private college. She don’t even want to be there, told me she’d be happier mucking about in the garage, but Ellen wants her to have ambition.”
“You’re—not what I expected,” Castiel began, because his brain had apparently lost control over his mouth.
. Sure, you wanted to run your fingers through it, though whether to smooth it down or mess it up even more, Dean hadn’t quite decided. But it wasn’t long.
Across the table Castiel was squinting as he tilted his head, looking from Missouri, to Dean, and Bobby.
Castiel shrugged, and backed off, giving him a little more space. “It’s fine if you do like girls, I’ve got no problem with that at all—but from what you’ve said, about the need to overplay it, and not having had any girlfriends for a few years, I wondered, did you really like those other girls, or was it a cover?”
there was something fishy about the whole situation. The only question now was, did Sam know his fiance was fucking some smarmy Brit, or were his first instincts correct, and this Castiel was a manipulative fucker, out for what he could get?
She shrugged, something thoughtful in her gaze, as it flickered between him, and a very flushed Castiel.
Dean clapped his hands together. “Yeah shit. Guess I forgot to tell you that bit.” Brightening, he pushed at the door. “Let me in and I’ll tell you all about it, before I take you over to the yard.”
“Don’t need blood to make family,” said the man in the sweater. “Sam Winchester don’t have no blood family, ‘cept Dean, and he aint here. But we’re family all the same.”
“Oh Jesus.” Dean shook his head. “Just a bit, man. Never mind, I can give you a few lessons, make sure you’re safe to go. Now get in there, have a feel.”
“Oh God.” He groaned and dropped his hands to the table. “Look Charlie, I think I’d better come clean.”
“Sorry.” Dean touched his arm, his face contrite. “You must be disappointed. But remember, you’ve already saved his life, you’ve done enough.”
But Dean was already stepping back from the car. He scrubbed his fist through his hair. “Right, yes. Well obviously this is out of the question.” He scanned the surrounding vehicles. “Maybe the Opal over there. Not as pretty, but practical. It’s an automatic too, so you wouldn’t have to waste your time on driving lessons with me.”
“Come and sit down.” Bobby pulled out the spare chair next to him. “Get her a drink, Jo, don’t just stand there grinning.”
Her carer raised a questioning eyebrow, and Dean shook his head as they entered the hallway. Maybe it wasn’t one of her good days, after all.
She probably thought Dean’s reluctance was because he’d been cheating, Castiel realised, with a sudden pang.
Castiel darted a quick glance up the track, to the signal that had just turned green. The train would be coming in any minute now. He gulped, his hands fisting by his sides, as he peered along the platform, straining, hoping to see help on its way.
didn’t think Dean was going to make a move. It was just… awkward. “So, tell me about the garage. I have to admit, I wasn’t expecting anything quite so substantial.”
“It threw me, knowing Crowley had been there. He can be a fun guy, if you just want a laugh and a night on the karaoke. But he’s trouble.”
“I should probably go and sample it,” Castiel said, finally grasping that Dean did not want them to see the Impala. “Um, I’ll, er, see you inside?”
might say. Sighing, he hauled himself from bed, shuffling across the floor as he pushed his hair from his eyes.
Cas gazed after the man as he strode quickly down the steps to the platform, everyone moving out of his way like Moses parting the red sea. He was tall, broad-shouldered too, his camel wool coat—probably cashmere mix—swung out behind him like a cape.
She disagreed, and he found himself with a number of scratches before he managed to get the catnip mouse back. Rinsing his wounds under the tap, he checked his watch. It was seven o’clock and the hospital was halfway between his place and Sam’s flat, the details of which he’d looked up the other night, before deciding it was too intrusive to actually go there, however nosy he was feeling.
The journey to the General was short. Before the paramedic could reply, they had pulled up in the emergency bay, and the EMTs were jumping out.
Castiel watched as he stroked Gypsum under the chin, his strong, calloused fingers strangely gentle.
Dean jumped in. “Hazel. He’s got hazel eyes. Sometimes a bit green, but golden brown in some lights.”
Jesus! He rubbed his forehead. At least she was over eighteen, and he wasn’t going to have CPS on his case. But still, it was insane. Jo was his sister, his
“But Bobby and Ellen have been very supportive about Sam and me,” Castiel said tentatively. “At least if they have a problem they’re not saying anything. It seems to me like you could be yourself with them, if you wanted.”
“I’m glad you came,” he called, over the rising whirr of the kettle.“We’ve got to tell them the truth. I can’t spend another evening with Dean, without clearing things up. Not…” he added, “that he will want to spend any more time with me once he knows.”
Castiel touched his arm as they sat down together. “The doctor said he’s making good progress, Dean.” He met the nurse’s sympathetic gaze. “He’s responding to stimuli, they’re going to start reducing his sedation.”
“He’s a lawyer at MacLaren, May and Mackintosh,” Castiel said, ignoring the offer. He wasn’t betting away his last ten dollars. “That’s one of the big five.”
“He’s stabilised,” Jess reassured them, taking up the clipboard which hung from the end of his bed. “His doctor will be along in a moment to talk to you.”
“Were you there too, Castiel? Oh my goodness, what a stream of bad luck you’re having, hurting your knee saving Sam, and now this. Dean, we’ve got to look after him, for Sam’s sake.”
“Not a man. Oooh, I’m going to go down and say hello.” Balthazar jumped up from the shabby window seat.
“Staff.” Cas sets his glass on the side table, and drops onto the couch beside Dean, the better to give some moral, if unspoken, support. “I wouldn’t have been able to document the effects on me, personally, and I doubt my coworkers would have opened up if I hadn’t been ‘one of them’. They would have regarded me as a conceited academic, coming down from my ivory tower to treat them as lab rats, and they’re already marginal—.”
of the reasons why, he ended up getting therapy on a phone sex line, for fuck’s sake. And now this whole coming out thing’s started, it’s somehow unstoppable, but seriously, Cas’s
“Why?” Castiel asked, anxious to get his bearings whilst Dean was distracted. It wouldn’t do to appear totally lost when they got to Sam’s place.
It was another hour before he was given the all-clear, and he thanked the nurse, who had been chatting away non-stop, obviously trying to keep his mind off what had happened.
