."  He felt another pang.  That was the second time today he'd reminded himself of his parents.  Fuck.
Just because they were scent-mates (that much seemed obvious at this point) did not mean that they had to give in to base instincts.  They weren't animals; they were fucking human beings and they were perfectly capable of controlling themselves.
"Come on. I'll show you how to use it and then I'll grab a shower," Steve offered and moved to take Tony's hand as they left the gym.  "When should we leave for the Expo by?" Steve asked as they headed into the kitchen and moved to grab a cup. He placed it in the coffee machine and then pressed a red button on the top.  "And that... is literally it," Steve told him as the dark liquid shot out into the cup.
Steve leaned into Tony's touch, fingertips nudging against his scalp. "I don't care if it'll piss people off...I almost think that's half the point," he murmured. "So many people are being failed, falling off the edges...someone's gotta catch 'em or they'll just keep falling."
Steve moaned wantonly as Tony's teeth sink into his mark. Thank God. It felt like he was being truly reclaimed- especially after that dream. He was Tony's- the Winter Soldier couldn't touch him here. He was safe. He rocked up into Tony's thrust best he could, whining and whimpering loudly as his alpha stretched him open. Steve panted and his back arced up prettily, his cheeks flushing a darker shade of pink as he felt the edge of Tony's knot tease at his hole. Steve gasped, clawing at the floor uselessly. His own cock was furiously hard and leaking against his stomach and sometimes got dragged along the floor when Tony thrust in particularly hard. Steve let out desperate sounds as he felt himself getting closer, clenching around his alpha's cock as he encouraged his knot inside. When his knot finally squeezed inside it was like all the air had been knocked out of Steve's lungs.
"Magda Gutierrez, 56, of the Bronx, New York... Marcus Sinclair, 23, of St. Louis, Missouri... Monique Cutlass, 19, of Brooklyn, New York... Daniel Prescott, 35, of Ithaca, New York... Leonard Rothstein, 20, of Los Angeles, California... and Lorraine Babbitt, 59, of Baltimore, Maryland."
"Are you even listening to yourself right now?!"
Realizing Jarvis's grief had probably been due to a pair-bond made Tony never, ever want an omega.  Sure, Steve was desirable.  But the idea of being responsible for him terrified Tony.  Hell, he couldn't even keep a girlfriend for more than a few months; how could he possibly keep an omega?
There was a slam.
Steve couldn't even really hear the alarm. He was too focused on Tony and Tony inside of him and how awesome and perfect that felt.
Tony huffed a little, thinking about children.  What the hell was Aria's problem, suggesting kids?  Ugh. Tony didn't even want the Walkers' little gnomes in his living room; in only fifteen minutes, one of them had already vomited all over his assistant, which Tony took personal offense to, since he considering vomiting on Pepper to be something only he was allowed to do.  Worse, the babies were making Pepper say things like "widdle" and "oopsie," which made Tony's feel very unsettled.
He turned and nodded to Karpov.  "Colonel."
"Steve.  You don't need my permission but you got it," said Tony, hurrying up the stairs after him.  "I want to go with you, okay? I'll sleep, I'll go sleep right now. I know you're going stir crazy and I know you want to go fight the good fight and-- fuck, I've been there, okay, I get it, I've been on more than one avenging spree.  Lemme come with you, at least. I'll even obey orders." He added, sarcastically, "
He wasn't completely homebound.  Pepper took him out shopping one day; it was an incredibly sweet gesture.  Steve found much of the 21st century overwhelming and he appreciated having someone to go with him.  She introduced him to different fashions, told him simple do's and dont's... and for the first time in this century Steve actually chose his own clothes rather than just being given them.
He took a couple steps forward and laid a bare hand on the icy marble of his mother's tombstone, staring at it for several more long minutes.  Then he nodded.
Pepper looked at Aria with alarm.  "So, what, does one of us drag them up to the lodge or can we just leave them here?"
?" The grin behind Clint's voice was evident. "Who you getting busy with, huh Rogers?"
after him. In fact, he was pretty sure he preferred that idea too. "So..it's not like an interview? We just say we're good? There ain't any...questions?"
"--P-project Insight, I'm with Insight, I'm--"
Tony checked his watch automatically and then realized that a wristwatch couldn't tell him that.  "...a couple. ...we haven't talked in like twelve years and you're already on my case about this?"
"Yeah."
"So, what have you been up to whilst you've been there?"
Before Tiberius could respond, the front door slammed open and Pepper and Happy walked in.
"Just a tough pregnancy.  He's actually been puking a lot lately, according to George," said Banksy.  He gestured Tony over then added, in a low voice, "George is still in San Diego and won't be back until tomorrow, and Donner won't shut up about Gideon... we don't know how to keep him here.  If Gideon shows up..." He shrugged helplessly.
"You know... people in the forties used to punish their Omegas when they disobeyed them," said Steve softly as an episode ended and the credits rolled.
"Oh, grow up," snapped Pepper.
"Jesus," repeated Rhodes.
"--never mind, he's alive, I
"It's his doing!" shouted someone suddenly, and a moment later, a man was pointing to Donner.
"Hey!" said Tony breathlessly.
Tony was glad to see a bit of consciousness in Steve's eyes.  A bit of
"Are you a student?  I rarely see anyone as attentive as you.  You've been taking notes for hours." A smiling beta woman in a crisp white blouse, pencil skirt, and museum ID on a lanyard was addressing him.  "Mostly, people just want to take selfies with the uniform."
Steve turned.  The party guests were still gawking.  "...go home!" barked Steve.  "Party's over!" Finally, the guests began to move. Steve sagged against a sofa for a brief second of relief and shuddered. "Fuck..." Steve just had a few bruises and the odd cut from broken glass, but it would heal rapidly.  It always did. Steve's vision swam a little and he blinked, rubbing at his temple till it began to settle down.
. It wasn't--"
"But he's sent people for me."
Steve closed his eyes as Tony curled around him. "I'm just sick of hurting people I care about," he murmured. Tony deserved better. Bucky deserved better. Steve would always be failing both of them, both his Alphas. He would never be good enough for both, or either. Life was being cruel to him. There was constantly going to be a sense of expectation in Steve that he could never fulfil.
"Your name's Richard Emmett," supplied Tony, gratefully wrapping his hands around a glass of amber liquid.  "Your broker is a guy named Gene Bennett and the omega you're getting is named Donner. Or at least, that's what I think his name is."
?" yelled Tony, aiming a kick at the pan on the floor.
"Okay. I think we're sorted," Aria said, closing her diary back up. She glanced between Tiberius and Steve. "Are you staying for lunch?" she asked Ty in a casual invitation. It was polite to ask, after all.
"Sleep well," Steve told his mate softly, moving to sit by him in bed, Steve running his hand through his Alpha's hair.  He petted Tony to sleep and Tony drifted off easily despite the heat on his neck.
The home theater had no windows; it was a perfectly immersive experience.  But even if it had had windows, outside, the sun had set, and the house was dim; most of the light in the room was coming from Tony's arc reactor.  It was bright, but small, and cast everything into blue shadows, giving the impression they were underwater.
Steve crossed his arms over his chest, eyes narrowing as he picked out the paintings details. It was good, objectively, but also ridiculous and over the top. No wonder Tony loved it...
"What do you mean?"
"Yes!" Rhodey shouted from the bathroom. Steve sighed.
"I'm not drunk.  I'm just a tiny bit tipsy," said Tony petulantly, taking his shake and sipping it loudly.
Suddenly he felt like Tony. Steve had seen this scene play out more than a few times, although Tony had usually been drunk, not bloody.  "Where's Tony? Already there?"
.  ...we should've taped that and then leaked it."  He was half-joking. He knew Steve would be mortified by that idea.  But Tony sort of wished there was a way to show the world that, at the age of 40, he was still capable of sexually destroying someone much younger and fitter.  Someone who also happened to be Captain fuckin' America.
"Steve is with Tony. That's who he wants to be with. No one else," Aria said slowly as she moved back to take her seat again. "It's not a trio. His ex is screwing things up."
A second later Richard was holding up a slimy, blue-veined ball that looked, to Tony, like a potato with eyes.  The eyes were blue. They blinked, unfocused, and then the potato began crying. It wasn't a baby's cry. More of an
The drama with Donner had made him, at least temporarily, forget that one of his rockets had bombed a hospital in Wakanda.  Guilt washed over him.  Not just about the civilian deaths, but also for forgetting so quickly.
"No!  No, no, no, no!"  Tony tore the film from the projector, oblivious to any burns he might get, trying to put out the flames, but by the time he finished patting out the fire, there was little left than a few smoke-singed cells.
Clint picked up instantly. "Steve, what the hell?"
it but it had certainly been a weird experience.
And this...
"Don't worry, I have no self-control.  We'll probably be hate-fucking a half-hour from now," said Tony breezily, taking a drag from the cigarette.
"Until the public calms down, you're going to have a detail," said Pepper.
"Pepper, also, since you're here, I gotta talk to you alone about something," said Tony breezily.  "Steve's birthday, I have an idea, I need your help--"
Steve reached for the shampoo, lathering it up in his hair and laughing softly when he blopped some of the soap of Tony's nose.
"Our last evening like what?" asked Tony.  "In love?  No, sorry, buddy, you're stuck with me.  That's how bonding works.  Honestly, I'm looking forward to being less... emotional.  This is really intense."  He remembered how he'd growled at Steve's neighbor from across the balcony, how he'd had a massive meltdown in front of Pepper when he'd found out about Bucky.
Brock, whoever the hell he was, admittedly smelled great. He was an Alpha, almost as dominating as Bucky was. He put his hand on Steve's shoulder and Steve caught his arm in a tight grip. Just because he was blind didn't mean he didn't have reflexes. "I'm not coming with you," he stated plainly.
Somewhere in the back of his head, he wondered if this was how he would die; if it would be less painful than slowly being poisoned by his arc reactor; if Pepper and the omega were watching him.  He hoped not.
"Shut up," snarled Tony.
She picked it up; a set of tarnished dogtags.
Curiosity got the better of Tony; he set the carton down.  "Okay. I'm mostly sober. Show me," he begged. After a moment's consideration, he closed his robe and tied to belt, to show Steve how serious he was.  Tony wasn't especially good at doing "serious," but he liked things that began with the title "Project," and also, Steve's eyes had that glint they got when Steve was about to do something morally righteous but questionably legal.  Tony loved that look. He himself was fond of anything that felt morally righteous but questionably legal. Case in point: literally everything Iron Man had ever done.
He cast a glance over to the stack of clothes Steve had brought him, making no move to begin dressing.  "This is awfully festive for me," he said. He wasn't sure if Steve appreciated how weird this all was for him.  For Tony, the holidays were an excuse to have a big party, nothing more. But for Steve they seemed to have actual meaning.  Tony had watched his delight at fireworks on the Fourth, his eyes misting over when everyone sang "America the Beautiful." He'd watched him eagerly dress them up for Halloween and watched him inhale an entire turkey by himself on Thanksgiving.  A lot of the traditions had changed, but Christmas hadn't changed much. People still got trees and hung stockings and Santa from 1930 was the same as Santa from 2010. Maybe that was part of it. Maybe Christmas was one of the few holidays that was still familiar.
Just as Steve was getting changed, he got a call. It was Agent Hill.
The room was teeming with at least fifty omegas. Steve hadn't under dressed, at least; most people were dressed semi-casually. He spotted Piper talking energetically with some other girls her age. She looked like an entirely different woman.
He tossed Steve's pills and the phone onto the side table, then wrapped himself around Steve, nosing and licking the back of his neck.  Steve's body was hot against his. Despite the bath, Steve smelled strongly of sex. Tony was partially hard but he was drifting off, his body having hit a limit.  He wondered how many people (specifically, older Alphas) died annually from trying to keep up with their omegas' heats.
"I-I don't want to cancel. I don't want to let him win. Can't you see Tony? He thinks he can break me. He thinks I can't handle this. I'm going to fucking
Before he could reply, his comm cracked, and a hand flew up to his ear.
Donner giggled nervously.  "S-sorry."
Wanda cocked her head.  "...hope?"
"Don't sell yourself short, Rogers," said Tony, flipping open a copy of USA Today.  "You're
"No, the soldier.  I can feel it, you know? In the dreams. I can feel how scared he is.  You know how in dreams you sort of know how everyone feels or what their motivations are?"
"Over dramatic?! You've been funding schools that lock people up for children to practice having sex with. Are you kidding me? The sort of stuff your money has gone towards is inhumane, it's more than inhumane, it's monstrous, it's-"
"Fall back," commanded Steve's voice.
The crowd cooed appropriately and Steve almost blushed.
Steve leaned down to sniff at the drunk. It looked terrifying.
"Steve!"
at an omega.
"They call it force bonding if the omega couldn't consent to it," Natasha explained quietly. "Steve doesn't remember it, and they induced a heat. If an omega doesn't remember it, it's assumed they couldn't consent to it.  Since the bond was distanced, maybe even partially severed on Bucky's end, the bite was re-bonding."
"Photo shoot," clarified Marcus.  "People will want to see you.  Back from the dead and all."
But the moment Steve's lips were on his he forgot about all of that.  Steve's was a familiar flavor, and Tony reacted to it automatically; one hand went to his waist and the other to his smooth, strong jaw, and he pushed into it eagerly.  He'd forgotten the crowd and he couldn't hear them anymore; his world had shrunk into only Steve.
Ty nodded with a small smile. "Of course. I was surprised that you got a beta PA, Captain, I have to admit."
Steve was outside, squinting up at the clear, California sky.  He looked up when he heard the door open. It was Sam, not Tony.
"I would rather die than have children for HYDRA," he said, voice shaky with conviction. "And this." Steve pointed up at the wall. "This is a reminder to myself. To you, Bucky. And to everyone else who walks into this room. So even if they make me go into heat, make me feel like I need it, I won't forget what it really is. They're going to make you rape me. And
"I think Sam and Tony should go get drinks whilst me and Steve
"Have you thought about what we'll do afterwards?" asked Wanda idly.  They'd done an ample amount of studying. Tony was reclusive, but Steve wasn't.  They were able to figure out his last heat. Pietro cycled every four and a half months, a result of his ridiculous metabolism.  Steve might cycle in, say, five. On the other hand, he had a lot of omega friends, and omegas who were close cycled together. In any case, they knew it was coming up soon, in June or July, and they knew that was the best possible time to attack.
When Tony came inside of him Steve did too, without being touched. He cried out and threw his head back, rocking his hips down in languid motions to milk Tony's cock inside of him.
Frond flicked her cigarette away and walked over to Tony, reaching behind his ears.  "Here. If you put your finger just behind the earlobe and then go back and up about an inch.  You feel the skull, but there's a small little cushion. That's the gland."
Then came a sharp, stabbing, shooting pain; his left arm went numb; he grabbed his chest with a gasp, his lungs burning.
He didn't take Tony's drink out of his hands, not in public. Steve wasn't his mother. "Don't make yourself sick Tony. You'll regret it," he murmured. Steve felt sad and almost disappointed in himself… he thought he'd said he right thing to Tony. But apparently he hadn't said enough.
Tony's grip on Steve's hand tightened a little.  "...can't get rid of me that easily," he joked weakly, flashing them a grin.
"Okay. I get it. Jesus."
Tony grinned back.  "Love you back, even if you do gross things like play with garbage cans.  I mean, seriously, Steve that is so--"
Tony was staring at the full breakfast with a strange expression on his face.  “Stan,” said Tony softly, reaching out and catching his arm.  “Stay with me?”  He paused, then, against his better judgement, added, “Please?”
me. Please."
"So... meeting with the Council in two days to get your ankles all freed up. Book a holiday for your anniversary. Saturday Night Live in a few weeks and an interview with Banksy within the next week, okay?" Aria said, railing off a list before Steve got out of the car. "You got it?"
"Do you want to join the Avengers Initiative or not?"
She laughed lightly.  "Mad that I seduced your omega?  Don't take it personally, Stark. If you want, I can teach you how to do it.  It's not Steve's fault he was born that way. And, no, I didn't want to swallow you whole.  The first round of poker is starting and I wanted to know if you wanted to be dealt in."
Pierce hummed thoughtfully.  "Well. It only took you four weeks."
Impossible.  Even if the guy was alive, he must have dementia or something; he had not come forward, yet.  He was probably in a nursing home somewhere, unaware of their bond.  He couldn't have sent them.
"--have to follow through on those threats.  Same as a child, really. You set the expectation beforehand, and then follow through.  Hence why I call my techniques Discipline in the Home and not Discipline in the Super Market.  A fully trained omega will see their home as a sanctuary; it's up to you to maintain the expectations and laws of that domain--"
Alpha."
"It's okay.  Can't please everyone.  Anyway, this all stuff you can address in interview or press release, if you want," Natasha hummed. She looked over to Tony. "I hear a lot of people also want to interview
Donner looked deeply confused.  "Permission?"
"I don't have money."
Tony looked up at Steve.  Poor guy. "...nothing wrong with being big," he said.  "...I hardly even notice anymore." That was a partial lie but also a partial truth.  He noticed; Steve was impossible to miss. But he'd grown accustomed to it and it was no longer the shock it was.  When he had first seen Steve he'd been absolutely amazed; Steve might as well have been a bearded lady. Tony had never seen an omega as tall or muscled as him before.  He probably never would.
Steve could listen to them bicker for an age. It was so easy to fade into the background, their squabbles years old and part of a world he couldn't really understand. He didn't even know what to say. The way Fred talked so casually about...
cause for concern?" demanded Tony.
He went back to eating his sandwich while Jorge shined the hubcaps with a rag.
It was common knowledge that omegas in the forties hadn't been treated much better than livestock.  For Steve, growing up during the Depression, having a single mother... he was damned lucky he hadn't ended up being sold.  Sure,
"I locked it," supplied Rumlow.  "I was told Rogers can go feral and violent during heats--"
"Welp, Jarv... let's get to work," said Tony perkily, rolling out of bed and loping downstairs toward the shop.  He was glad Steve had left the note; even after a month, he was still getting used to the weird feeling of another person's emotions.  Especially when one of them was tired or over-emotional, it could affect the other.  And considering both of them were prone to flashbacks and night terrors, it was helpful to know when to expect pangs of fear or sadness so that they could handle it.  Knowing that any anxiety he felt over the course of the day could be ignored would really improve his productivity; he worried about Steve.  But not today.  Today was going to be perfect.
"So have you," Danielle added coolly.
"Oh, so you kneel for him too?"
Tony smiled lazily.  "I gotta admit, I like Barton.  He's fun."  Tony stretched slightly, running a knee against Steve's thigh.  "You think they'll let me on the Dream Team?  ...I mean, they wouldn't've had you tailing me unless they thought I would be a good asset, right?"  Tony's voice softened.  "I wanna stay with you.  Steve, with my resources, we'd be unstoppable.  And your crew is in serious need of an upgrade, I mean, look, it's you three, and as far as I can tell, you've got you and Natasha punching shit and you've got Clint shooting bows and arrows.  You need a technical guy.  Me."  He gestured to himself with a soft splash.  "You wrote me a good review, right, and I mean, the suit is ready to rock-and-roll... I got nothing else going on in my life... I can start Monday, right?  Sign me up for the field test.  The suit can do anything you can do.  Probably more, honestly.  Yeah.  You take your test, and, uh, I can take one, y'know, like right after, and we'll start together, right?"
"I'm Tony.  You've heard of me," he said, a bit defensively.
"We don't have to buy him, do we?" Steve said, excited that they weren't too late. "Can't we just turn up and walk out with him?"
Tony didn't bother trying to pull away or roll over.  He knew they were knotted again.  Was this going to happen every time?  Was this a normal thing, to knot an omega like this?  Tony made a mental note to Google that later.  Not that he minded at all.  He had no problem falling asleep like this, lying on top of his omega, shielding his body.  It made him feel strong, made him feel proud.  The semen that was all over his stomach was inconsequential.  Normally that sort of thing would have bothered Tony but he didn't care.  It was his omega's and therefore practically his, so who cared?
"Wow.  I can't believe I'm talking to-- wait, what's your real name?"
"Where's your Alpha?" asked Donner curiously.
Tony looked bewildered.  He'd never had much to do with omegas and as an Alpha, he was often caught off-guard by the number of establishments that still barred omegas.  Of course, it was technically illegal to claim a business didn't allow omegas, thanks to anti-discrimination laws, but people knew perfectly well which places were still unofficially single-status or anti-omega.  Omegas steered clear of those places.
, Ty," said Tony weakly.
"What's going to happen to those kids?" Aria asked, looking a little shaky. They were calling them 'kids' but really they barely looked younger than her or Steve; they were likely in their late teens, if not their early twenties.
"I'll build a new plane.  I want Stan," insisted Tony, his earlier anger forgotten.
"I'm good. I'm good," Steve assured Beth with a half smile as they made it to the bottom of the stairs. She told him to drink water and patted him on the back before heading back out to the car. He looked down to see Happy half-carrying Tony up the stairs and his smile widened.  The sight was cute.
"That was him.  The Winter Soldier?" asked Kate.  She was asking Fury, but looking at Steve.  Fury was a beta.  But even he could see Steve's emotions written all over his face, heard his voice cracking.  And for Kate, as an Alpha... Steve looked and smelled and felt like his heart was breaking.
"That really is none of your business." Steve breathed, "what I can or can't feel. But I would not call it a quartet or a triad.  I would call it a
come to
She was the last person in the world he wanted to be anywhere near, but he said, "Yes sir."
Tony huffed a little and there was the slightest hint of the tension leaving his shoulders.
Pierce glanced up.  "Just need to take a few calls, to my mechanic.  Someone messed up... well, you know what they say.  If you want something done right, you have to do it yourself."
Banksy wobbled up beside Steve.  "You know, I am
"And how has this changed your perspective on the world's current nuclear arsenals?"
it. Even with the way I am now, I still have Alphas objectifying me.  Though," Steve added quickly. "I feel I should say I'm still impressed with some changes we've made. I think the way people see gender has improved a lot. Alphas were always pressured to be masculine and omegas to be feminine, and it's nice to see that that's mostly died out. I think that people are a lot more free to be who they want to be now, even if it isn't always easy for them.  It's nice for me, because, you know, the serum, it... made me... you know."  Steve gestured to himself.
?" demanded Tony.
"You told Natasha."  Another accusation.  Tony didn't need to add that Natasha was herself an Alpha.  And a more dominant Alpha than Tony.
The keys also weren't in his jacket, anyway, but his waistcoat. Although Steve didn't think it a good time to mention that.
Steve considered this.
thought Tony darkly.  "...
Tony realized what she was after.  The shield was one of the few things his repulsors couldn't penetrate.  She was trying to protect herself. Why? So then she could take Steve? So Tony would be unable to defend his omega against her?
And stupid because he still cared, a lot more than he wanted to admit.  Ever since his confrontation with Justin, Tony had been trying to deny how desperately he wanted the blond.  Even now, deep down, Tony knew he'd still fight over Steve, still defend him if he felt threatened.
"Uh-oh."
Underneath there was a picture of him on stage speaking into the microphone, his brow drawn together like he was saying something serious.
"...is this okay?" he mumbled, pressing his erection against Steve.  He felt stupid.  He'd never had to ask before.  Women threw themselves at him.  Asking permission was so far down on Tony's list of questions for new bedmates that it was less than even a footnote.
He placed the phone back on his lap and pulled back out onto the road.
"Tony.  You know I'm a beta."
"My namesake was from England.  Perhaps a getaway to England--" began JARVIS.
different reasons for you to help me out."
He closed his eyes, trying to find the bond.  But it felt different now. Not as strong.
They were due to raid another HYDRA base mind January. Steve still didn't know if Tony was coming. He'd only mentioned it in passing once but now Steve was almost certainly not going. They wouldn't want to take the risk. It made sense.
you he was going to come back and fix things, he's
Steve kept a hold of Tony's hand.
At all?  Tony's French wasn't perfect.  He might have misunderstood.
Tony rolled his eyes.  "Yes,
"THIRTY SECONDS!" yelled someone in his ear.  He turned to tell them to shut up, but was distracted by the scene in the room.  Lights, music, champagne, tuxedos and taffeta gowns... this was his element. The Stark battlefield.  He caught, out of the corner of his eye, Aria dangling off of Mackenzie, giggling her head off; Pepper and Happy, swaying on the dance floor, looking into each other's eyes, not saying a word; Natasha and Clint shoulder-to-shoulder, their fingers lightly entangled at the very tips; Coulson and Banksy and Tiberius and Brent Walker, all getting along, for once.
Sam pulled up a chair as well and dropped into it.  "I wanna talk to you about what happened in Yemen." He glanced at Tony.  "You want him here?" he asked, jerking a thumb at Tony.
"Everything you've just said
"Miss Potts is on line 1."
"What else would you call it?" Sitwell asked.
Two other Alphas' heads immediately turned with interest.
Tony stopped abruptly, embarrassed.  He didn't want to talk about that. Besides,  Steve already knew.  He knew perfectly well how Howard had
Donner pressed into a corner, look too nervous at Steve's approach to even register the fight.
After devouring two double burgers and getting a strangely impressed look from Christine, they moved over to play pool; Steve took his baskets of fries with him, balancing them on his arm with ease. The kids were post-grad students at UCL. One of them did history and was obviously very eager to talk to Steve.
"...because his clothes are here," said Natasha, eyeing the pile of ashy cloth.  It was the writing on the wall that convinced her, not the pile of burned textiles, but she didn't want to tell Tony about the wall because she was pretty sure he'd have one of his freak-outs.
an Alpha--"
"I'm not an alcoholic!" protested Tony.  "...alcoholics go to meetings.  ...can you call Steve from a blocked line?  Run the number through a proxy?  I won't talk.  I just..."  Tony felt a tear run down his face and tried to pretend it was just the rain.  "...I just wanna hear his voice.
"I could have," Steve agreed, tone even. "But you don't suddenly get to care after treating me like shit for two months. That's not how this works. I don't care that I nearly died. I shouldn't have to be kidnapped to get your attention, Tony. And before you even think it, no- that is
"No, don't worry, I also think I broke my dick.  Oh, speaking of which, I can't cram any more of those pills into Steve because, like I mentioned, he's unconscious.  Is there another way to keep him from getting preggo? Like, falcon punching him or something?"
"His current location is classified, sir."
"So, Mr. Stark--"
collar.  I never said I was betting Steve; you just assumed.  I said I was betting two nights. You won me. Not him."
There was a groan of protest from the audience and Tony felt a pang of anxiety.  Shit, did people actually want them to have kids? Were they stupid or something?  He looked over at Steve, hoping for some back-up.
"--so I grabbed her--"
Tony scanned the article, but there was nothing of substance in it.  Nothing to help him.
Banksy grinned in turn. "I do hope that isn't a euphemism, Mr. stark."
"You don't understand," said the omega miserably, looking up.  His eyes were puffy.  "You don't understand what you'd even be forgiving me for.  What's the point? There isn't one." Steve sniffed, shoulders trembling instead of the violent shake from before. He was calming down, if very slowly.
Tony made it to the bar, happily rose, lose his balance immediately, and swept six different bottles to the concrete floor, where they shattered.  Tony paused, lying there, surrounded by broken glass.  "...I'm a little bit drunk," he informed Steve helpfully.  His words slurred into each other.
He sank up and down a few times before he pulled off again. "Stay," he told Tony and then disappeared from above him.
"Huh?  Oh.  Right.  ...right, I'll be back," said Tony, shaking himself out again before leaving.
He stormed out; the slam of a door echoed down the hallway.
Despite his panic, his knot wasn't subsiding.  The tantalizing wetness of Steve's hole pressing against it was delicious.  He was still squirming under him, moving his hips, waiting for Steve to ride him.
"Stop!" barked the asset.  "We take him alive!" He yanked off his coat to press it around Pietro's hand, then, feeling awful for abandoning his friend, tore off across the roof.  She was going to kill him if he didn't stop her.
"Howard wanted to solve the energy crisis.  Anton wanted to get rich," said Fury patiently.  "They collaborated on the arc reactor, but Anton was deported before the project was ever finished."
He pressed his lips to Steve's ear; his goatee brushed his skin.  "You're so good.  You're incredible.  Yes.  So good.  That's it... take it... take it just like that... my omega... my good omega, mine..."  He nipped at his earlobe, then drew it into his mouth and sucked on it briefly, burying his cock with a grunt of satisfaction.  His fingers dug into his back as he tried to pull him closer, excited and energetic.  It was the first time in the last two days-- no, two
A beta man was hunched over an Alpha on the table.
"Can it,
"What on earth at that conference could be worth ten million?"
"Not unless you make her mad," he said with a smile.  "Good night, James."
The sarcasm petered out and Tony felt serious again, excited and interested and intimate.
"...Tony Stark?  ...how the hell did you get on this line?  This is a secured--"
Steve just carried Trickshot onto the plane when they got there, it was easier than fiddling with the chair. He gently set him down on one of the long seats when they got inside. Jed gave them all tight hugs, nearly tearing up a little as she said her goodbyes. "Thank you for making this possible, both of you," she whispered, squeezing his and Tony's shoulders.
"I'm too tired now."
, isn't he?"  He cast a fond glance over at Steve.  They'd detached for the first time all night so Steve could make his good-byes to the president.
you Tony. Not as your friend...but as
birthday,
Steve woke up standing. He took in their bedroom within a few seconds. The sheets were ripped. His left fist was bloody (presumably from the hole in the wall just to his right) and Tony was on the floor looking at him like he was a monster. Steve opened his mouth to say something. He frowned. And then he promptly fell to the floor with a loud thwack.
Steve smiled at Tony's rambling, his expression softening.
"I don't know how the soldier works," said Mackenzie with a smile, "but heats typically average, what, three, five days?  No more than six or seven. So yeah, I'm guessing he's probably over the worst of it."
"I didn't believe it, for the record," Jane added quickly. "About them using you as a test subject.  It's just a load of Alpha myths, right?  Alphas did't want to be upstaged by you, that's all."
Steve sighed. He knew Natasha wasn't being patronising. She just cared.
Steve felt like he was shaking with something akin to excitement.  Excitement that had the potential to turn into either elation or horror, depending on what he found.
"Right."
The record continued playing; suddenly, someone was heaving Steve up physically.
things." The day's events had already made that evident. "But I like to believe we're fighting the 'good fight.' I was before, and that was against HYDRA. I have to trust that sometimes history repeats itself. This feels like the right thing."
The fact that Bucky wasn't with HYDRA was game changing. It meant he had a chance. It meant Steve might just be able to help him.
"Keep going."
"I'm Tony goddamn Stark. I'll be fine.  I'm always fine," he said, staring into Steve's eyes.
"I've experienced a lot with Tony that I never did with Bucky. I care about Bucky, he meant a lot to me...he still does. But the relationships aren't comparable."
, and personally I think that makes you a good Alpha by default."
Tony snuck a peek at his watch and was grateful to see it wasn't long before they wrapped up and turned over the show to the performers.  He knew that the "babies" question was going to come, though. Probably at the very end. He'd been steeling himself for it. The answer was, of course, "Steve's still young," with was a vague "no" and also a bit of a joke.  The perfect answer.
"Well, I wasn't
"I was awful for him," Steve said and smile ruefully. "But he didn't let me go..." His eyes became glassy for a moment, distant. For a moment he was watching Bucky fall over again. "He got taken away and he..." He thought of Bucky in the car.
"Steve?  Can you tell us what he said to you?" asked Sam gently, still keeping his distance.
And trust me, they tried damn near everything
for forty minutes, could you?"  Her phone pinged. "
you, right?"
"No.  I mean mate," said Tony brusquely, blowing past her down the hall.  Pepper stared after him, fascinated. She wasn't sure how much of this was Tony being Tony (ie, an asshole) and how much of this was his instinct taking over his brain.
Gleason was moving to help Steve sit up. He was still swaying, only half with it and was entirely unaware of what was going on. "You're
He drew up a knee to push apart his legs, then glanced down briefly.
He gathered up his meager belongings, shoved them into the knapsack he'd stolen, and left the empty house to find a payphone.  He couldn't, so he ended up robbing a phone from a jogger because it was easier. He knocked her out and left the body on the side of a path in the park, putting a good couple of miles between them before taking out the phone.
Tony rolled into the spot Steve had just vacated, pulling the blanket with him, burrito-ing himself in Steve's bed.  He opened his eyes lazily, stared at Steve with glassy, unfocused, mumbled cryptically "The blast radius is
"Thank you Steve. That's very kind of you," he said, clearling his throat as he took them through a corner far more smoothly than he had the last.
"I'd feel weird
Tony had stopped reading after unearthing a letter from Peggy Carter.  It seemed to be consoling Howard about losing Steve and the language made it clear that Howard's letter to her had been a heartfelt one.
leaking; I would never be able to leave the house again.  Now I'm an omega and everyone knows it.  I represent American virtuousness more than I did in the forties," Steve mumbled. "People know we have sex but they don't wanna think about it."
"Tony, please don't," said Steve.
"Me," said George.
Tony hadn't thought of it like that.  He looked over at Steve, shocked. "...did
Tony looked at her triumphantly.
"That's not a T-rex.  It's a pachycephalosaurus," said Cooper.  He looked up at Steve. "That's Latin for rock-head lizard.  See, he's got a skull on the outside and he could use it to smash into other dinosaurs."  He handed Steve the dinosaur; Lila immediately reached for it, clearly intent on putting it into her mouth.
There were two men watching the cameras with interest, two of the senior scientists behind them.
"About time you returned the favor, right?" Steve joked gently with a half smile and a shrug. He knew this was bad, and he wasn't really sure what to do about it.
"So you're not the bad guys, but you are pointing a gun at me?" asked Pietro.
"Steve," said Tony quietly.  "...I'm sorry.  I know you'll say it wasn't my fault, and that you don't mind, and that you can take care of yourself.  But I'm sorry I put you in danger.  A good Alpha's supposed to protect their omega.  And I know you're a soldier, Steve, but... but I can't help that- wanting to keep you safe, wanting to take care of you.  I'm sorry I put you in danger.  I love you.  If anything ever happened to you, Steve, I don't know how I'd ever go back to how I was.  I didn't know I was missing anything and now... it's like..."  He trailed off.  He looked at the window, struggling with his emotions.  He hadn't felt this vulnerable since he'd first came out of the cave.  "...don't you
Before Tony could stop himself, he snapped and bit Happy on the arm.  Happy yelped.
Steve rolled his eyes fondly and took Tony's hand, pulling him out the door and towards the lift.
"The captain's stability will be addressed by the psychologist, Malick," said Hawley calmly.
"If we're friends can I come over?  I... I have a hole in my house.  It's raining.  And... and I think maybe the fridge is buried under some rubble," said Tony, weaving excuses.  "I mean, I don't care, I can go out, actually, I can go through a drive-thru, but, uh... uh... listen, I don't really... what I said, earlier, I don't think you were honey potting me, I know you couldn't help going into heat... I just... I... I don't know if I wanna join up... Fury talked to me about it once but it's not my thing, you know, teamwork, cooperation... gross... actually you're probably too busy with the Avengers to hang out, that's fine, I just... I wanted to... come over... because of the hole in my roof."  He trailed off, feeling pathetic.  Talking to Steve like this, without having to look at him or smell him, without the other Avengers watching them, Clint and Natasha smirking knowingly, was easier.  But still tricky, because Tony didn't want to seem desperate.  But his earlier anger had cooled and now he just felt empty.  He longed for Steve.  Just to be in his presence, hover over him, feel close to him...
Steve ducked his head down and kissed Tony's jaw and chin, a wickedly mischievous glint in his eyes as he cleaned up the rest of Tony's face by licking his own spent off of him. "You had no reason to start apologising," he said simply, sounding so characteristically sure of himself.  He looked back up at the crack on the hotel bed's headboard.
The scientist next to him wheezed out his laugh breath. "H-hail..."
...he remained silent, his expression steely and determined, until they got back to the hotel. Even then he was only half with it, letting Tony's arm on his waist guide him on through.
He let Tony take his other hand and squeeze back. "Donner told me he got accepted into Harvard law, but that he never got a chance to go," Steve said quietly. "I don't wanna just throw him into a charity. I want to
"Seven to ten days, sir."
Tony let out a small, shaky snort that was supposed to be a laugh.
Donner looked awkward as he got into the car next to them. He was staring at Tony, looking down at his hand, but also watching Steve. He peered at his eyes.
"Mr. Stark has instructed me to inform you to go hell.  I have inferred this to mean he prefers not to be bothered," said JARVIS.
"And you don't have to run it," Steve assured her. "I think it needs to be, you know...an O who runs it. Otherwise we're missing the point."
Tony cradled him, noting with admiration how Natasha made some lame little excuse about checking the instrument panel so that they could be left alone.  Tony didn't dare take off his helmet. He was still erect and it was incredibly painful; he didn't want to know how much worse it could get. Smelling Steve directly like this... he wasn't sure he'd ever lost control like this, even under the influence of drugs.
"  Everyone looked over at the bed; Tony's eyes were open.  "That's my dad; back off." He turned to Steve. "He tried to
Dr. Brazinski "hmmed" at Steve's reference to himself a "damaged goods."
...I mean that I like that you know what you're doing. Or at least, know what you're doing most of the time," he teased softly.
"Then Status Alliance will be there for them," Steve breathed. "Omegas supporting each other and all that. It's not our job to fix everything for them, we'd already be paying off their debts...getting them out is one thing but what happens next is up to them. We're not here to offer charity. We here to make people
Steve was still kneeling, head down, but his voice was firm.
Tiberius propped an elbow onto the bar.  "This is really fascinating," he said in a low voice.  "You know I haven't had a heat in over twenty years?"
Tony bent his head forward to let Steve take off his collar; the cool air on his neck felt amazing.
"You went to war?" Steve asked, surprised when Joey referred to himself as a soldier.
"Just breathe for me," Steve said again and knelt down in front of him, pushing Tony's hair back from his forehead without thinking, another hand squeezing his shoulder gently to ground him. "That's it." Tony's chest wasn't rising and falling at quite such an alarming speed now.
Someone was yelling his name.
Tony's heart sang at the sight of his omega.  But the emotion was fleeting.  It disappeared in an instant.  Tony glared as Steve as he pulled himself back onto the couch, making a mental note to chew Rhodey out the next time he saw him.
It was a gesture. Steve knew they hadn't planned to come out this early but they also hadn't planned for a Bucky-shaped mark to still be in the picture either. Steve wanted to prove he was serious about this.
"You ever met Donner?"
"What?  This door doesn't lock," said the colonel in surprise.
"Six-oh-five AM, sir," said JARVIS.
Steve was starting to get worried when Tony blinked.  He pointed at James suddenly, one fist still wrapped around his glass in a death-grip.
.  He's like us.  He's..."
"...so is that a yes?"
."  Tony propped his elbows up on Steve's back and scanned over the room, trying to count the flowers.  "If we auctioned them off for, say, seven thousand a pop, and then combined that with a charity dinner, a couple thousand bucks a plate...we could probably make one to two million."
"Yessir."
The girl from before reappeared and grabbed his hand. Did she say something about a fight? He frowned. "I'll be... I'll be one minute," he told Tracy and let himself get pulled through the crowd, towards--
"And remember what Aria said, about omegas being brainwashed?  Steve, you gotta get in there and talk to all those omegas with the collars and tell 'em they're equals.  And they'll listen to you... you're an omega, too, and you're bonded and you'll be in a collar... oh, man, and just imagine, remember when Malick tried to order for you, and then I stepped in?  Imagine... imagine how many times someone will try to boss you around, and then I, as you Alpha, tell you not to... they can't complain about you being out of control if I'm 'ordering' you to
Wait a second.
.  ...isn't that
Tony woke the morning after Christmas to a faint hangover and Steve's warm body pressed into his.  He wiggled up to the blond and bit the back of his neck softly, fitting his teeth into the scar he'd left, closing his eyes and savoring the familiarity.
"You look good," he told him and Tony did. "I think you might almost be taller like this," Steve said, half teasing as he walked up to him. Maybe, more like the same height but still, it was strange having Tony at eye level.
Steve pointedly didn't even look at Karpov, his gaze somewhere off in the distance. His eyes were glazed over. His heart throbbed in his chest. Bucky wasn't going to turn on HYDRA for him. Maybe a small part of Steve had hoped he would. Maybe he really had been that foolish.
he loved me. He just... wasn't the best at always showing it, I guess. But it's so much easier to hate someone than to miss them, you know? And I missed him so much..."
"So you're saying you don't even know what you're taking about?  What, were you raised in a circus?" demanded Tony.
"The Pepper Potts Foundation for Omegabortion," said Tony, face completely straight.
He nuzzled against Tony's neck. "So, all in all, good birthday?"
Steve frowned at the question.
When Tony tried to wander off again they lead him back. "Hey, come on. Let's go to bed Tony," Steve said. "You must be tried."
Fury sat down heavily at Sam's words.  Tony was barely aware of the others with him.  Dr. Brazinski was there, her hair down for once, her eyes tired behind her glasses.  Tony wasn't sure which one was Sitwell and which one Mackenzie; both had shaved heads and were wearing suits.  One was dark in complexion and had facial hair, the other olive-skinned and clean-shaven. But he didn't really care because Phil was absolutely captivating to him.
"You wanna bring it?" Natasha asked when she noticed Tony peering at the thing in question. He didn't answer right away so Steve took that as a yes and went to grab it, being careful as he set it down in the elevator along with everything else.
"Look someone can hurt you and still mean a lot to you. Someone can hurt you and still try and their best," pointed out Steve.
"Hey, Steve?  I wanna change my answer.  I would've chosen you even if you were little.  I would've wanted to bond you.  You're the best mate a guy could ask for," said Tony.
"I can't control it."
, but maybe just something more neutral.  It's important for us to have allies. I've gotten a few calls from
When Steve asked to go, it wasn't a moment to soon.  He'd made the poor decision to have three cups of coffee and was starting to feel jittery in addition to drunk.
Tony laughed.  "Sorry, I know you're being serious, but... no, not in a million years," said Tony.  He sat down next to Steve and lay a hand on his back. "It's different for us. I know lots of omegas can get close, can nest together and stuff, but... with us, dominance is... just a really big deal.  It's hard for us to get as close as omegas do. There's a reason you almost never see trios with two Alphas. I'm not saying they don't happen, but I've never seen it, myself. It's just too weird... Rhodey's not an acer.  He just doesn't swing that way." He rubbed Steve's back a little.
"...I need to use your shield," said Tony quickly, ignoring the question.  "I have stuff flying around the shop, and, y'know."  He lifted his shirt, displaying the growing bruise on his ribs.  "You wanna come down and hang out?  We can talk about your next interview.  Since there's no baby to announce, you're going to have to talk about something else."  He held on to Steve's hand even after he'd gotten up.  He'd had no idea that honeymooning meant such a high risk of pregnancy and he made a mental note to chew out Pepper for not telling him.
"Take a personal day. I'm serious.  I'm not accepting your resignation.  You can resign in July, if you still feel like it, but you're doing a great job, and everything's gonna stabilize
"Don't ask us for any more favors," snapped Tony.  As if he or Steve had any say in the matter.
He shared a small smile with a detailed sketch of Peggy before he shut the door and locked it and headed to get ready for the party.
"How'd he get in?" he asked curiously.
"It seems I'm back in favor," said Karpov after a moment.  "I won't be retiring anytime soon. Lucky me. Of all the little rabbits in the world, you were bonded to the one we are most desperate to have.  And you never mentioned it. ...we knew what he was, you know. Zola had told us. But I never quite believed it. The way he looks..."
Tony hopped to the bathroom to get Steve a towel and hopped back; he lovingly, tenderly wiped off Steve's face, looking into his eyes.
He turned back around to see a very confused Tony. "You lost money at poker but won a car and DeSoto for the night. I tried to talk to him but it's like he's in a cult or something.  He believes all this Alpha Authority bullshit. You know his Alpha
"I'm not mad at you," Steve promised in a murmur and reached a hand up to run his fingers through Tony's hair gently. He kissed his cheek and then nuzzled against it. "I do care, but now how you think," he whispered in his ear. "It makes me angry, that someone took something from you that you didn't want to give."
"Spoiled?" Steve wanted to laugh. "I've been shot over
Tony was pacing impatiently through the jet when they arrived in the dusty little town of Thamud.  They set the jet down on the outskirts of the town, the engines kicking up clouds of dust. They opened the back of the jet and descended; if Phil was right, they were less than six kilometers from the base.
She turned to Tiberius.  "What do you know about Stark's defense systems?"
"Yippee!" Cooper bounded out of the kitchen, expecting Steve to follow.
Tony closed his eyes and leaned into his seat, letting Steve drive.  He was trying not to think about the darker parts of his life, as if thinking about them might make them more likely to come out to haunt him later.
"Sir--"
"...my name is..." he began, then stopped short.
Wait.  Where the fuck was his Rubik's cube?  Tony scrambled around the floor for a bit, then gave up.  "I... I lost my Rubik's cube.  I'm pretty drunk.  A little bit--"  Tony bit back a sudden urge to vomit.
He looked at Steve.  Their eyes met.
"...you're not a fan of the Starks either, huh?" asked Cece, picking up on the aggression immediately.
"...being an Avenger might help you burn off all that excess energy you don't know what to do with," Steve pointed out as he set his cup down and picked up a fork. "Help you settle down a little.  SHIELD certainly got people like Nat on the right path. And it helped Sam with his grieving."
Tony groaned.  "Those
Tony took it warily, assuming it was for AA.  It wasn't.
He lay back, pulling Steve down with him, feeling thoroughly content.  He was hungry and he really wanted to go work in the shop, but the warmth of the bed was calling to him.  His room had always smelled familiar, like himself; now it smelled familiar but in a different way.  He and Steve's scents were mingled and Tony felt like he'd known that smell all his life; it was more comforting, more relaxing than his own smell along.  Tony had spent years trying to deny all of his instincts, feeling smugly superior that he was more than merely his status.  And now it was all undone and he didn't really care; he and Steve, alone like this, could be themselves, could let go and be a little bit feral with each other and not worry about being judged for it.
Tiberius poked his head in and immediately looked up at the ceiling.  "Sorry. Pill, Steve," he said.
The kitchen was large and airy and smelled like French toast.; Laura was stacking a plate for Steve.  "Syrup, Steve?"
Steve strode purposefully toward the kitchen doors with Tony at his heels, nearly tripping over a couple of students huddled half-hidden under a table.
. And he could almost feel Tony's drowsiness and it was making him sleepy too.
Tony leaned down to bite Steve's neck, his teeth sinking into the flesh, his tongue roaming over the ridges of the existing bite.  He let out a muffled yell, grabbing Steve's hips, pushing his erection against Steve's entrance; Steve's body was singing to him, arching into him, practically begging Tony to fill him up, and Tony was happy to oblige; he worked himself into Steve without loosening his grip, fingers digging into Steve's hips, mouth gripping his neck, his mind blank, replaced with the intensity of his primal urge to mate his omega.  Steve was making longing little noises, mewls and purrs and gasps, and he was wiggling his ass up at Tony, finding Tony's rhythm, matching himself to his Alpha, and Tony was trying to growl praise at him but wasn't willing to let go of his neck, the result being that Tony was simply making muffled grunted into Steve's skin while rutting him, his knot pushing against Steve's hole, stretching it, begging to be pulled in.
He stepped back suddenly, letting the blond's push against his metal arm unbalance him; then lunged forward again.  The two flopped to the floor.
"...should we be worried about them?" asked Happy, with genuine concern.
you.  It's hard to be mated to someone like that.  At least if I were a normal guy, I would just feel ignored.  But being me, I feel judged. I made weapons, Steve, I killed about as many people as you saved.  Probably tens of thousands with my missiles, and Iron Man can't ever make that up, and people look at you and then look at me, and... I feel like I'm the bad guy.  Have you read all the articles about you crashing the AU conference? Hardly any of them even mentioned I was there, and none of them mentioned how I wore a collar, too."  Tony couldn't keep the bitterness out of the last part of his speech, because Steve had
Steve looked at his hands on the table top. It was made of some fancy marble Steve couldn't remember the name of. He nodded.
Bucky's eyes snapped open and he let out a half-white, half-growl.
"I don't want it back. In fact, I barely remember what's in there. Probably best if it's burnt," Steve said simply, sounding almost...embarrassed? Tony knew full well he hated other people seeing his art. But he'd been foolish enough to leave it behind in the first place. He certainly hadn't wanted HYDRA to come across it either. And he knew that sketchbook was full of a lot of bad things- a lot things in there probably showed just how 'on the edge' he'd been. Peggy always knew that when he started drawing Schmidt, it was bad.  She was the only one he showed his sketchbook to after he'd liberated Bucky's camp.  The nightmare of seeing Schmidt, and all those dead men... there had been a lot of dark sketches in his journal after that.
Steve stared at the back of his head and the tense line of Tony's shoulders.
"So...fly safe? Okay?" Steve murmured with a small shrug.
," Steve said, head in his hands as Happy ordered the required amount of shakes through the window.
Tony frowned.  "Hello, everyone," he said grouchily, unused to being ignored.
Mostly positive, then.  Not surprising, considering how much people loved Steve.  Of course there were still some protesters. He was an omega who was acting "uppity;" there would always be Alphas who disliked him, just for that.  For having the audacity to asked to be treated like a person.
Downstairs, Tony punched his code into the keycard on the door and yanked Pepper inside.  Relief flooded him when the heavy door closed behind him with a click and a beep.  The glass was bulletproof and always had been, since before Afghanistan.  The keycard on the door was top of the line, designed by Tony himself.  Here, he felt safe.  Saf
Pepper looked seconds away from a heart attack.  "This cannot happen... oh, no... no, Tony, no..."
Steve shrugged. "If I have to make it post-heat, so be it. I'm not missing the birth. This is more important."
"...I bet myself," said Tony.  He looked over at Steve. "I brought my collar.  Because I knew they would all pressure me to bet on you.  So I bet myself instead. I thought it'd... make a point. And Gideon won me.  I was trying to get Donner away for just one goddamn night but I lost. ...you don't think I'm going to have to actually spend the night with Malick, right?"  Tony's tone was one of forced lightness, but in the cold, sober light of day, Tony was questioning the whole stunt. He had assumed Malick would have zero interest but suddenly he was wondering if Malick might swallow his pride and actually try to make Tony make good on his promise.  "I mean... I mean, Malick's a politician, he wouldn't... right? He wouldn't treat me like an omega. Right?" pressed Tony, seeking reassurance. He tried to force a smile. "--not that it matters, I made my point, right, and it wouldn't be the first time that--"
Steve badly suppressed a chuckle. "Fury knew what he was getting himself into. If he doesn't want us to know things, he has to use more effective protection."
Steve sighed just after Pepper did. "Oh, I know. But he doesn't get any if he's under influence."
"...may I... see it?" asked Tony slowly, eyes on the box, one hand still stroking the rose petals.  He didn't want to touch the box. He just wanted Steve to show him. Five bucks? Did he mean five thousand or something?
"He has to be here," Steve whispered. "He has to be... did no one called Trickshot used to ever be here, work here?" he asked, sounding a little desperate.
He didn't say anything, his jaw tight with resolve. Karpov laughed, apparently amused by Steve's attitude. Steve imagined plunging a knife into the man's neck. But the grip of that damned metal arm was unrelenting. Still, he had a small knife tucked under his sleeve. All Steve had to do was get close enough. If he could get Karpov maybe he could turn this whole thing around.
The omega beside him looked young too. He was ginger and pale, freckles littering his cheeks. Sera grinned lazily, completely unashamed of his nakedness and the fact that he was very turned on. His arousal hit Steve the moment he'd broken down the door; he was in full heat. "You know," he grinned. "This is just like a dream I've had."
Tony held up his hands.  "We're on
Mike was drinking a beer and he had a young women at his side, visibly pregnant.  "...yeah, okay. Hazel, go play with your friends, and hold my beer," said Mike, handing it to the woman and then wiping his hands on his thighs.  He jerked his head. "Welp, c'mon, let's go."
"Where is he?"
"You mean Project 84?  Yeah," said Tony. He propped himself up on his elbow.  "I talked to George about being there, at Zephyr Hill. To see if... you know.  Trickshot's there."
"ENTER!" barked Tony.  He was actually fairly used to commandeering household staff to cater to his needs.
and so he got out without being too messed up.  I, uh, you know, they sterilized me and that's actually how I met Richard, he did all my reconstructive surgery because they fucked up my knot-- artificial knots were a fad back then, they don't do that anymore, I don’t think, thank God... sorry, I'm going to ruin your dinner.  You should get back to your friends."
"Literally nothing you could do could persuade me," said Tony with fake seriousness, wiggling his hips a little at Steve, letting the sheet bunch up around his waist.  He caught his eye and winked, then grabbed the pillow and pulled it over his face.
"Everyone needs my help.  I'm amazing. Do you have a spare business card?  Seriously, that guy's going places."
"It feels like my insides on fire.  It feels like I'm dying," Steve said over comms, his voice strained. He was very much slumped in Tony's arms; there was no way he could have walked right now. But HYDRA didn't try and take him...
When Tony reached out for him he slunk away playfully, now naked as he got under the spray of the shower, his expression mischievous.
Steve really did
"You sure?"
"It's fine, just... try not to let Tony get into any more tiffs.  You're not a piece of meat, Stan  Feel free to be rude to people if they're treating you that way.  Tony will stand up for you.  He acts like he doesn't care about omega rights, but I know he does."  She reached for a flute of champagne, sighing softly, trying to calm down.  Tony's actions didn't just reflect badly on him, but on her and on the company.  As a new CEO, and a woman, she had a vested interest in presenting herself well.
"Yeah, fuck 'em!" agreed a girl who had just walked up.  She was one of the ones in pre-heat and looked wide-eyed and jittery with excitement.
bonded to two other Alphas besides Tony Stark, correct?  Can you both feel them or only one?"
Before Pepper could try another number the phone in her hand was ringing itself. After a moment’s hesitation and surprise, she answered.
Or at least, it had been for the last two years.
Getting Trickshot into the care and then folding up the wheelchair was, well, tricky. But they managed it.  Steve was more concerned with breaking it than anything; he often underestimated his own strength, and cramming things into cars was a surefire way for him to accidentally break stuff.  Jed and even Tony pitched in to help.   On the way to the airport they stopped by a MacDonald's and ordered a disgusting a amount of food. Steve inhaled three burgers on the way to the airport. He texted Clint where to meet him and then asked Aria if Donner was okay, to which she replied:
Steve, of course, had read the file from back to front. He'd found it quite an interesting read and he was pleasantly surprised at such progressiveness in the form of a bonded pair, especially considering their initial rocky start. Usually, inspiring stories came from lone omegas who were 'breaking out of the mold' and away from Alpha influence. But Thomas Banksy proved that it didn't have to be that way. That an omega with an Alpha could be successful and independent and yet still support one another at the same time. Their history was sweet and inspiration and in all honesty Steve was excited to meet them, even if he was apprehensive about going on the show itself. Steve was sure there was other guests coming on the show too but he honestly hadn't recognised the names when Pepper told him. Aria told him pointedly not to worry about it, that it was "cute when you don't know things."
He breathed out a long sigh when he read Piper's text asking to find her sister.
Steve had reassured him he wouldn't be injured, but Bucky couldn't trust him.  Maybe he was only saying that because he was being coerced. Who knew what that other Alpha could do to him in an hour?  And why would Steve feel so worried, if he wasn't in danger? Maybe Steve was just downplaying it. He did that often. Part of his omegahood was a constant desire to please, and Bucky could remember, with surprising clarity, Steve reassuring Bucky that he was fine, even when he was feverish and bedridden and wracked with coughing.  Maybe because of the number of times that had happened; for Steve, being ill was the norm. Steve was sick more often than he was well, but he always insisted he was okay and that Bucky shouldn't worry, and Bucky had learned not to trust Steve when Steve said he was okay.
"We've got the right Clint. He is deaf," Steve assured Trickshot quickly. He turned to Tony and explained. "I've seen Natasha sign to him before."
Bucky didn't seem to care.  "You went into my head. You made me think things.  I want you to do it again so I can feel him."
It was a few weeks in that Steve got the call. It was Phil. "Captain Rogers, we found something.  Something that might be big."
Tony looked over.  The restaurant wasn't the usual five-star affair Tony went to when he wanted to be seen.  It was family-owned, hung with garish Christmas lights that seemed oddly out of place in June but were warm and friendly in the night.  Natasha was waving to them.
and Steve could feel himself squirming, his thighs getting wet. His breath was hitched and when he looked up all he could see was Tony.
"Come on," Joan squeezed his arm. "We'll show the way."
Steve rolled onto his front, arms folded under his chin. He didn't think he could sleep but he could, at least, appreciate the quiet. There had been so much
. But Steve hoped... one day. Although they both needed time.
"I know," he answered her innocently, moving to make coffee and grab a croissant. "We're waitin' on Tony."
"Morning.  ...you want a drink?" asked Tony.
But this was about much more than just then.
.. for the record, I
Despite all his worries, something had warmed in his chest when they said they were like family. It was good to know people had his back. Sure, SHIELD did, but they had a different prerogative. For once this wasn't about Steve's mission. This was about his life. People were interested in
Tony smiled back, then tilted his head and leaned in.
"David, c'mon.  What's up?" said Tony, whose patience was non-existent in the morning.
In the server room, Tony was on the floor as well, whistling and trying to wiggle a particularly large box out from behind a Rolls-Royce P-3 "Orion" turboprop engine that he'd squirreled away in the server room because Pepper kept threatening to throw it out unless he did something with it.  His heart was hammering with the exertion of trying to move the engine by himself but he was too proud to ask for his omega's help.
Then, yes, finally, there it was, Tony's knot squeeze into Steve and he automatically
The helicopter banked southeast; Tony followed it from below.  Tony had already done the calculations. At this rate, even if they went straight across the Gulf toward the island, they would get there at dawn, giving them very little time to use the cover of darkness to their advantage.
If he'd been more with it he would have gone to sleep somewhere else.  The couch maybe.
"You said the right thing," Steve said softly as he pushed the glass of water over to Tony for him to drink, a small smile on his lips.
When they finally made it out of the hospital, Steve carried Banksy out. George drove them all back to Banksy's house. Once inside, Steve carried him up to the main bedroom so he could tuck him into bed. It would still smell of Boswell, at least. Steve's instincts had been right. Banksy clung to the sheets like a life line, eyes red rimmed and still tears. Donner sat down on the edge of the mattress.
doing something when he'd written that he didn't consent right up there on the wall?  Unless what he was not consenting to was not doing something.
Tony angled himself toward the main stage and dove, dropping next to the Mark V, the suit that had gotten away.  It was nearly unrecognizable; it was bristling with new weapons, and it was looking, in Tony's opinion, a lot bulkier and less streamlined than his old model.
Tony walked out into the sunshine, blinking a little.  The last two months indoors in Colorado had ruined his tan, something he maintained by doing a lot of lounging by the pool, partially inebriated.
whole days. There would definitely be opportunity in that space of time to-- Steve shuddered at the thought. Donner seemed so sweet, so genuinely nice. It made Steve feel queasy, the thought of him being given away like that.
Bucky looked up.  "What?"
to fight, didn't you- you can't even just
He went to see if he could find a projector for the films, needing to get away from Steve, from the disorganized clutter.  It was like looking into the future.  Howard Stark had once been powerful and intelligent and articulate and commanding.  But he'd worked himself down to the bone.  The man Tony had known had always been either working or piss drunk, "keeping the edge off," as he put it.  When he drank, he was belligerent.  Toward Maria; toward Tony; once, (only once), even toward Jarvis.
Steve seemed to gather himself a little and knelt down, holding out a hand to shake. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Cooper." The kid reached out too and gripped his hands. Cooper's own hand was tiny and it made Steve's heart melt.
"Excuse me," interrupted Tony.  "
He was out cold within a few seconds.
Banksy was on the stage, singing boisterously with Taylor and dancing. He looked thrilled. Tiberius was rolling his eyes fondly from the sofa whilst Clint chatted to him, about two feet apart.  Anyone who was statused gave him a wide berth, his pheromones clearly bothersome to them. Natasha was leaning against a wall beside Clint’s seat, watching the night play out with a curious glint in her eyes as she watched Sam laughing with Rhodey across the room.
"Please," Steve whispered to Banjo. "Do you know where they... where they keep
Steve was drawn out of his thoughts as Tony's fingers brushed against his own. He didn't have any swim trunks, but there was hardly any real need for them, was there?
3) What ever happened to Donner.
Donner," said Donner a bit defensively.  "And I already have enough problems with people mixing me up for Steve Rogers... I don't want the name, too.  I'm a
On the sixth time he testified, he spotted Cupid in the hall, wearing a pair of black slacks and a maroon blouse with a ruffle in the front.  Steve had not appreciate how young she was; in her professional clothes, she looked like a child playing dress-up. Steve doubted she was old enough to drink.  Yet there was a new hardness about her, a sharp, professional meanness that had not been there before.
Tony was visibly excited.  "Yeah, because both partners wear the ring and it's equal.  So what if--"
"Right, you don't want whelps," said Aria.
"W-what..."
mistaken his smell for someone's else's.  The Winter Soldier," pointed out Tony.  "Maybe they found a way to make their assassins smell like other people.  Like Natasha said.  Psychological warfare."  He climbed to his feet and offered Steve a hand.  "Come on, Cap," he said, gently.  "Not worth worrying about.  We're good.  Forget it."
The only Alpha-fight Tony had ever been in was with Justin Hammer, at the Expo.  The two of them were extremely close in their status-standing. And even then, Tony hadn't been allowed to take care of business.  Steve had separated them. It felt like his omega was always fighting his battles for him.
The audience chuckled, and Boswell offered him a small, stiff smile.  "Can't teach an old dog new tricks, Tommy."
"Having a justification or a reasonable motive doesn't stop a crime being a crime," Steve said, turning back to Louis. "It's still goddamn assault. I don't care what they say. They don't have to live with being a rape victim their whole lives. The omegas they jump
He leaned down and sank his teeth into the back of Steve's neck.  He'd done it probably a half-dozen times, mating Steve the proper way, his teeth fitting comfortably and naturally into their mark.  Like any omega, Steve's mark became prominent during his heat because of his mate biting on it over and over; it would be open and fresh by the time his heat was over.
Steve sketched Tony for over an hour until he began to wake. They were faint, gentle line drawings that captured his likeness more than the detail. There was a sense of peacefulness about them; the dark granite lines cautious against stark white paper. Steve had always had a lot of control in that sense; he knew when to stop.  Too bad he couldn't translate that particular artistic skill to anything in real life.
Tony woke up just before noon and rolled into Steve's side of the bed, like he did every morning.  It smelled like Steve.  He groped around on the bedside for Steve's usual note; he'd kept every one and they were starting to fill up a desk drawer in his shop, but for some reason he couldn't stand to throw them out.
"Yes, sir?"
Steve slumped against a wall in the elevator.  Finally alone, without everyone staring at him, Steve was able to release some of the tension in his shoulders.  Tony took the opportunity of being alone in the lift to scratch violently at the back of his neck.
As soon as they sat down, Steve noticed it. His son, T'Challa, was
"Well, Captain... you know better than anyone that omegas weren't treated as equals in the forties.  Your friend's attitudes were, in a very large part, shaped by the culture around him.  I doubt his actions were a reflection on your competence as a mate.  But going back to your bonds."  As a beta, she said "bonds" fairly casually.  To any Alpha or omegas, hearing the word in plural was as strange as referring to someone's wives or someone's fathers; it was not a word for which there was typically more than one.  "I have a hypothesis.  You and Mr. Stark only recently bonded, correct?  In fact, you're still in your honeymoon phase.  It seems to me that your body is trying to tune itself to him, but because it already has a bond, it's also struggling to reforge the bond with your friend, Bucky.  Does that make sense?"
What had they done to him?
... he was really,
Then they all squished up in the living room, plates piled high with slightly burnt (it wasn't Clint's fault the dog was distracting him!) pizza. It still tasted good and it was warm; that was all Steve cared about. The lack of sleep was creeping up on him, however, and Steve dozed off half way through Frozen and then only woke up at the end when Elsa was crying over a state of her sister. It seemed very strange for a kid's movie, he thought.
"Did you see my sex tape?" asked Tony excitedly.  "And it was five!"
Oddly, the thing that stuck with him was Clint's mention of his own father.
He looked up at the ceiling, now patched up by the builders. It still looked good, the lights not quite too bright. Steve sighed softly and leaned his head back against Tony's shoulder. "You make me happy, Tony," he assured him and clenched around him a little for effect. Steve smiled when he felt his reaction beneath him.
Tony elbowed him.  "Steve, snap out if it.  Come on, the average going price for those stupid flowers was like, two thousand, and we sold nearly nine hundred.  Do the math."
. The words went unsaid but the meaning was clear. Steve pressed his lips together into a thin line. "My heat was strange.  And that heat, it happened because of you and I'm not sure if I can just...ignore that. I didn't even know...I've never experienced something so intense in my life."
"I got you an espresso. Quadruple shot," she greeted him.  "Is that going to be enough to affect you in any meaningful way or do you need more?"
"Yes, but in the end, the bond is not with him. It makes more sense this way. The witch said so."
to be good.  He had made a promise to Erskine. But he was being awful to Bucky. Just plain awful. It felt like Steve was failing him.
"Stevie.  Lemme see your neck," Bucky murmured gently, reaching over to tilt Steve's head.  The unfamiliar mark there still revolted him but it was fine. Steve was his; he'd fix it, as promised, and the war was nearly over and then they could go home to Brooklyn, and all would be well.
Tony pushed his up sunglasses a little, trying not to look embarrassed.  Part of him wanted to correct Happy. Bonding was more than just being in love; it was about having a connection.  But Happy couldn't get that; he was a beta.
, he thought.  For a split second, his brain had been utterly hijacked, and that was absolutely terrifying.  If this was a pseudo-heat, Tony was worried about what a real heat would be like.  His experience on the plane had been goddamn awful, and that was before they'd bonded.
. He'd wanted to intimidate them...but in the end they had humiliated him. One of them had got away because of Steve's very nature being a weakness to him and he almost hated himself for it. It created a doubt in the back of his mind. Maybe people were right when they said that omegas don't make good soldiers? Now they had this kind of chemical warfare... unless Steve could find a solution, how the hell would he stand a chance in a fight? One prick and they could have him on the floor, convulsing with a fever. It wasn't a comforting thought.
On the ground, it was chaos. All Steve could hope to do was to get as many people out of danger as possible (at least until SHIELD arrived, or the National Guard, or...
Steve cracked an eye open and then sat up as Tony pushed himself back up onto the bed.
.  ...you haven't eaten anything at all, have you?  Come on, let's go get some food in you..." Authoritatively, she took Steve's hand and guided him out of the room.
"...that the Alpha keeps," said Tony, feeling even worse.
in general. Steve moved to run a hand through Tony's hair soothingly, hoping to reassure him. He could sense his unease and the brief hiss of paranoia that underlined it. They sat like that for a while, Tony's face against his chest with his fingers tracing the mark at Steve's nape - the touch was gentle, made him shiver and almost squirm. It felt strangely intimate, just as the moment had been when that mark was made in the first place.
Granite had apparently fallen asleep with her mouth still latched onto Donner.  He didn't seem to mind. "But I... I wanted to make sure that... that we could do Christmas together," he said, shyly.
"Tony..." Steve pawed at his chest plate. "I need water. I need you.
"He gave me a miscarriage," Steve said. "He strangled me. He tried to kidnap me. And he treated me like shit before. Unless he suddenly takes out half of HYDRA for me, I don't think I'll be going from one abusive relationship into another, thank you." Steve said, voice full of bitterness.
"You mustn't let them get between you two. I know it must be hard, and white I don't really know anything about this... 'HYDRA', I'm sure they want to drive you two apart. You can't let them win."
Steve glanced up.  He and Fury had been hovering over a manila folder, looking at a dossier.
A few hours could mean anything. It could mean DeSoto heard nothing or everything. Either way, Steve reminded himself he had nothing to be ashamed of and if anyone should feel embarrassed it should be DeSoto. But he still turned a little pink.
"Just let us know when you have the hotel sorted," Kerry said. "And good luck."
"You okay?" Natasha asked.
"How does a man like that have such a powerful job?
"Okay, okay, we'll dance, but I swear, if he tries to come in here--"  His hackles stood up again. Banksy walked back over and smoothed them down.
Tony leaned forward and snatched a remote off of the glass coffee table, and hit a button.  On the opposite wall, a couple of panels slid back silently and Steve was faced with the biggest flatscreen he'd ever seen.
Rhodey's phone rang, and he answered it.  "Hey, Rhodey. How's it going?" asked Tony.  Back in Malibu, he and Steve were in front of a couple of computers in Tony's workshop; Steve was sitting in the chair, hands bunched into his hair.  Tony stood behind him, a comforting hand on his shoulder.
"You got a dinner to go to," she told him, leaning against the door with crossed arms.
His gaze flicked down to Steve's chest.  There was a circle on Steve's chest, mirroring the arc reactor; Tony must have pressed that into Steve while fucking him without thinking.  Tony forgot he had sharp edges.
Steve trembled as Tony's fingers traced over one of the most intimate parts of him. He realised that the collar people that met tomorrow would notice Tony's fresh hite mark- they'd be able to see it, they'd see his claim. Steve kind of liked that. He supposed Tony would too.
"Oh! And happy birthday!" Jed called before she disappeared back outside.
Tony listened to JARVIS reading and a slow grin spread across his face, his head bobbing appreciatively.  Arrogant?  Yes.  Self-absorbed?  Check.  Obnoxious, rude, and selfish?  Guilty as charged.
Steve reddened.
to look good in this; it was meant to be tight...it didn't feel wrong to wear it in the bedroom. But Steve had made it very clear, from day one, that his
"Oh.  No. No, we are not," said Tony with a hint of alarm, glancing at Steve.  "...but we
It wasn't just that.  It was the casualness with which they did it.  It was the smell of excitement on Steve. He wasn't happy, no.  But he wasn't remorseful, either.
Steve watched Tony stroking himself, his own tongue coming out to wet his bottom lip. His Brooklyn drawl crept back into his voice. "You just gonna sit there 'nd watch all day?"
"Thanks," Steve said. "It was kinda scary. Never wanna do acting live again."
Tony grinned at Steve, floating past on his back.  "Wanna come in with me?" he asked temptingly. He'd pulled off all his clothes, but apparently only after jumping in; the soggy pile was by the side of the pool.  "Water's nice..." He twisted around to tread water and watch Steve, still grinning. "Y'know, Iron Man doesn't have any actual iron? No rust. Pretty nice, huh? In theory I could design a suit that could be watertight, like a personal submarine... like one of those crazy old diving suits from your time... get in with me, Steve!"  He splashed some water in Steve's direction. "You said you didn't wanna do anything all day... c'mon, swimming is nothing, isn't it? ...can you grab me a bottle of gin since you're out right now, though? Hey, isn't refraction cool? ...you seem upset. Are you upset? I felt a sort of stomach pang here. Am I hungry or is that you? Hey!  Chalupas! Let's do chalupas tonight!"
Pepper was sober, though, and watching him with concern. She looked at him with such a sadness in his eyes it made Steve's own gut twist. "Why are you looking at me like that?" she asked her as Aria began chatting to Mac once they were inside. She raised a hand and cupped his cheek,
"I have my library card!"
what the next generation of omegas needs to hear," said Tiberius.
"Not lost, just... we don't know where he is," said Phil.
Natasha was staring pointedly at Steve.  Steve's body was tense; Tony stroked his arm, trying to calm him.
"Yeah, but I have a private jet, so there ya go," said Tony.
Natasha sighed on the other end of the line. "Oh--" Her train of thought switched tracks. "Clint offered his condolences. Says he knows how shitty this can be."
"Tony isn't picking up, dude. What do you want me to do?"
"Huh?"  Tony looked at his hand.  It was covered in blood.  "Oh!  Right!  That!  That's fine, don't worry about that... sorry..."  Tony put his mouth on the cut.  How the hell was his palm
"Yeah," said Rhodey, though he had no idea.  (He did, however, trust Tony's ability as one of the richest men in the world to get just about anyone he wanted on short notice.)
He gestured to the teenager who was standing over the stove, staring wide-eyed and speechless at Steve.
But Tony had better things to do than ogle the help.  He was dead-set on getting drunk before they landed.  After all, Pepper wanted him to sleep, and what better way to have a dreamless sleep than with a few shots of liquor?
Steve watched Tony's legs shake again and before he knew it he reached forward, curling a hand around his bicep to steady him. "Tony?" Steve said, voice a touch softer now. "You okay to stand?"
"Okay, great. Both of you throw on a collar, I'll go get dressed... hey, DeSoto!  Do you know how to tie ties? I mean, other than half-Windsors..."
"What?  ...oh. Oh, yeah, work's going good," said Tony.  He felt stiff from sitting with his legs and arms around Steve.  He stretched. "Did you say dinner? Yeah, let's do it."
"I don't think so. I think I'm okay." Steve assured her. Getting nervous wouldn't exactly do him any favours. "I mean, this is for charity right? This isn't about me."
"He didn't do it on purpose," Phil piped up in Steve's defense. "He thought his old mate was dead."
Upstairs the betas were trying to ignore the sounds of crashing, music, and, occasionally, a yowl of pleasure from Tony.  ("
Steve's eyes dragged back to Tony's face at the kiss and Steve smiled stupidly, his cheeks pink. "You called?" he tried to joke, giggling a little (almost to himself).  Steve felt so relaxed, so at ease. All the panicking had finally been shut off for one night and he felt more like himself since he'd gotten back from Yemen.  He could almost (
Hal pulled a face.  "It's a bit wasteful, don't you think?  Spending that much money on a silly game?"
Steve sighed softly. "You've... you've got me?"
.  Are you stupid or something?"
"I..." Steve pressed his lips together. His frown hadn't gone away. "I don't think I can see," he whispered.  "He dropped me.  He dropped me and I'm dead."
"Steve!" exclaimed Tony, putting a hand on Steve's shoulder.
Tony slouched home from the meeting hoping to find Steve, but the house was empty.
"Tony, it's time to get up."  She walked in; Tony was awake, lying on his back, an almost-empty bottle of gin nestled in the crook of his elbow.  "There's an interview with him you should read."
Tony peeked into room four and knew, immediately, instantly, that they had found him.
Steve let out a breath of relief he hadn't known he'd been holding. The chip was in the watch they've given him, the one he always wore on his left wrist, so they could track him/Tony in case of a disaster.
When they got to Steve, Pepper and Happy were knelt down beside him. Happy was speaking into a phone, calling for help, probably, while Pepper had a hand on Steve's chest, the other keeping his head propped against her knee. There was a small cut on Steve's temple that looked worse than it was. And there was a few other cuts and bruises here and there. One of his shoulders looked at a bad angle- it was probably dislocated when it hit the wall.
Steve sighed again.
"Can...Can you see if that's happened to me?" Steve asked awkwardly.
"Tony," said Pepper warningly.
. But yes, he is an Alpha," Steve told him and ran his hands down Tony's biceps. "But he's not a threat. No one's a threat, okay?"
suit.
Happy shot her a grin.  "Are you pre-gaming already?"
He found a knife in the soldier's belt and pulled it out, not hesitating before he jabbed it into his hip and twisted. Nothing. The soldier perhaps twitched but that was all. He should be on the floor, but he was still standing, despite-
Tony only knew the guy's name was Bucky because Steve had been begging him, by name, to take his hands.  And now, thanks to Natasha, he had a last name: Bucky Barnes.  Kind of a dumb name, really.  Tony had the same nagging feeling that he'd seen that guy on the train before.
"...why is that ridiculous?" asked Aria, eyes narrowing.
The moment he commanded Bucky to drive, Bucky obeyed; he stomped on the gas, cutting off another car and earning a loud, angry honk from the driver he'd nearly hit.
"...Steve,
Phil shut the door after Steve and then turned around to face him. "You're going into heat," he stated.
"Congratulations, Donnie!" said Banksy, and everyone else began congratulating him and patting him.
"You were completely in control; you came off as perfectly reasonable and sympathetic--"
"Yep. And so is Sam. Fury says he doesn't
Piper frowned but didn't say anything more. Steve turned his head down to look at the program.
"Is that why your head's so big, Captain?"  Steve didn't have to see Nick to know he was smiling just a little bit.
"...yeah!  Yeah, People!" said Steve, seizing on Tony's suggestion immediately.  The truth was, Steve felt guilty. They'd told him not to come out in the forties for the same reasons Fury had. But what if Steve had? Would he have made a difference today? Could he have made things better for omega rights? He had a feeling he could have. But he hadn't. Steve had done nothing because a load of beats and Alphas had warned him it would be a lot of 'hassle.'
" shouted Tony, tossing his empty drink in the air and shooting it.  The crowd went nuts.  It was like the Expo, but smaller, more exclusive, and Tony was giddy with happiness.
"Pity?  Is that it?  Pity?" asked Pietro, unable to keep the note of disgust out of his voice.
"Whilst it's none of my business, I'm not going to encourage your alcoholism, Tony," Steve said plainly, tone gentle but also unforgiving. "I can't get drunk anymore so I'd appreciate if you didn't." And he meant that. Steve didn't like feeling...left behind, almost.
"Justin," said Tony.
Steve eagerly moved to straddle Tony's hips as soon as the instruction was given. His Alpha looked gorgeous, seated there with his shirt open and his dick hard and waiting just for Steve. His brow knotted a little in concentration as he made to line himself up. Steve curled his hands onto Tony's shoulders, gaining a firm purchase before he rocked his hips back and let the head of Tony's cock slide against the cleft of his ass.
"I don't know, Tony, I'm not an expert on this stuff and I'm not an Alpha.  Maybe during courtship?  I don't know.  Alphas definitely do not have heats.  I think you're just scent-mates."
," demanded Wanda.
Tony groaned a little and closed his eyes.  The temptation to peek was almost unbearable.  "Okay, okay, my eyes are closed," he groused. He was unable to comply with Steve's other request; his expectations were already through the roof.
, not fading. So he's a lot happier."
Steve went to go put the kettle on and then get out waffle mix. Breakfast in bed seemed like a great idea to him. Honestly, he just wanted a calm and quiet Christmas. He wanted to spend it in bed with cheesy movies he needed to catch up on and those Christmassy biscuits from Germany that he freakin' loved.  Those biscuits were one of the fondest memories he had of the war.  ...did they even make those anymore?
Five days after Monaco, Steve appeared at the Los Angeles headquarters of Stark industries. He was on time. He was dressed impeccably, not a hair out of place. He was carrying two coffees, one double espresso for Tony and one cinnamon skinny latte for Pepper.
"...is
He traced her name on the page.
"Yes, mostly.  People like Steve and they don't like you," said Pepper.
and it hurts so much that you can't feel it," Steve ducked his head down and clasped his hands tightly in his lap. He was so strong, so powerful- and yet as he was now, kneeling on the hotel carpet, he felt useless.  The serum did nothing for this type of situation.
Steve came with a cry, his eyes fluttering shut as his body shuddered and came undone over Tony's hand and his own chest. He rode out his orgasm with rolls of his hips, clenching around Tony tightly as he did so, encouraging him to finish too. "Oh my- oh my god..." he let out a ragged breath, hardly able to comprehend how good it had felt. It was unlike anything else. "Tony- that was perfect. Ohmygod..."
"No," said Tony.  "I just... I got one of those faces."  He accepted the glass of wine and tried not to down it in a single go.  "Well... I don't want to, uh, overstay my welcome.  Look, can I just buy that bottle from you?"
Russian, I s'pose... Laura, who's team you wanna be on?  Cap's or mine?"
"Oh, sorry, I'm not-- I'm not religious," said Tony quickly.
"Do you want me to try and get Tony from downstairs?" Sam offered tentatively.
"Seriously, you're not going out with them alone, right?  I can come, right?  Steve?" pressed Tony.  "...will there be booze?  If there's booze, I gotta come, I'm so sober, Steve, sober as a judge..."  He made a playful swipe for the phone.  He was half-joking, but also, he didn't like or trust any of the others and he didn't want Steve slipping off alone with them.  It was ridiculous; Steve could defend himself. Tony couldn't possibly defend against Natasha (or even Clint, probably) without the suit, and as far as Tony could tell, no one at SHIELD posed a real threat to Steve.  What they were having was a political disagreement.  But still.  Tony felt like he should be there, by Steve's side, standing up for him.
"Steve can't get
She waved Steve down when he tried to get up to help and poured them all cups of tea, putting two whole cubes into Steve's cup with an eye roll.
"If you want whelps, you have to wait until they've begun having heats, which is usually around age thirteen or fourteen.  However, it's both easier, physically and emotionally, to wait until they're at least seventeen or eighteen. Not to mention legal," said Richard.  "In all fifty states, the legal age of bonding consent is seventeen, so do yourself a favor and wait until then. And, by the way, the idea that omegas need to be broken in?  Absolute tripe! There's no reason you can't have a very healthy and productive sexual relationship with an omega who is bonded at, say, nineteen or twenty... or even later.  I got Rex here when he was twenty-four, and trust me, he's
"Tony didn't sign up for this," Steve sighed.
two adorable children. He didn't even question it at the end; he was so sucked in by it. The domesticity of it all had been addictive and a part of him hadn't wanted to ever leave. He got it, or rather, he couldn't question it. And seeing a trio so
"Steve's a soldier," added Sam.  " He knows how to handle himself."  Despite his and Tony's earlier disagreement, seeing Tony look so worried was hard to ignore.  Tony kept rubbing the back of his neck nervously.  Clad in armor, he could not actually touch the skin, which was hidden away beneath the shiny red exterior of his Iron Ma suit.
"Retro shirt, retro boyfriend," said Tony, tugging off the V-neck and swapping it with the grey shirt.
Even knowing that, Tony didn't have the wherewithall to keep himself from leaning down again and lapping longingly at Steve's flaccid cock.  "Please... omega... omega...." Tony was desperate. Fuck. These were the worst moments, the ones where nothing was ever quite enough.
Steve groaned and threw his head back as he rocked back onto his alpha's cock, words completely lost to him. It didn't even hurt when Tony pressed inside. He was ready for him. He could take it. When Tony squeezed the knot in Steve whined low in his throat and nearly came right there and then. He didn't know how he managed not to.
Steve's shoulders were shaking. He was almost crying. He was verging on hysterical.
He got off the bed to unbutton his shirt.  Steve didn't move, awaiting orders.
"Good morning to you too," Steve grinned as he stood. He pressed a noisy kiss to Tony's cheek, and then ducked his head down to kiss his mouth.
Hal had clearly noticed Steve had drifted off already. She patted his arm. "Sorry, I know this is weird.  You alright?"
"Clint Barton," Steve continued. "I work with him."
Steve grimaced at the bitterness of coffee on his tongue. "Sure. Uh-huh."
He rolled out of bed, still dressed his his jeans and button-up shirt from the day before; it was hopelessly wrinkled.  He swapped it out and bolted downstairs, struggling to yank a comb through his hair.
"Tony, I already--" began Pepper, but Gleason was already answering.
Steve swallowed. They still hadn't...
"Well, fellas, that's my cue to exit.
"You're an omega," said Tony, tone accusatory.
"...I won't get drunk," he said, quietly.
This: getting bruised, dragging around heavy things... this was better than sitting around doing nothing.  Sitting around thinking about the attack in Wakanda. Better than sitting around on his ass in his mansion, watching the news, watching as yet another one of his fucking missiles killed people, sitting there and watching, detached, maybe mindlessly tuning a guitar or eating a burger like a stupid--
Steve rolled his eyes fondly at the phrasing.
"Who's Yin--" began Sitwell.
The women rolled her eyes and sauntered off; Pepper looked down at Tony.  "...that was Arcadia Rivas. She and Chloe Madison are the hosts of
"I'm in Mojave, Tony," said Phil patiently.  "Rumlow's STRIKE team will be there along with Agent Mackenzie.  Rumlow says he handed off Steve to Mr. Malick on his orders but doesn't know the nature of the assignment--"
Tony grinned cockily, looking unconcerned.  "If I had the Mark IV..."
"C'mon, Tony, don't say that.  You can't just sit around in your underpants playing video games and drinking rye whiskey and feeling sorry for yourself, all right?"
"To protect the baby, Donner," said Banksy quickly, and Donner's jaw set in mild determination.  He nodded.
Tony had known this would come eventually.  He was over-tired from not sleeping and he wasn't taking it as well as he'd hoped he would.  Steve was standing there, feet planting, back straight, jaw set. His gaze was firm. Tony knew arguing was pointless but he couldn't help it.  It wasn't hat he was scared of Steve going; it was that he was scared Steve wouldn't come back. That Natasha or Sam would return and hand him a folded up flag or something and tell him Steve had served his country and he ought to be proud, and all the stability his life had finally gained would crumble around him and he'd be left by himself in a too-big house that was filled nothing but hundreds of orchids.
represent a problem."
Donner's face fell and he went back to picking at the label on the water bottle.
Tony rubbed his eyes.  Sunrises were Tony's dawns; he wanted to grab a cup of coffee and fall into bed and sleep, heavy and dreamless, for a couple of hours.  "You coming to meet the Wakandan guy?" he asked. "It's a purely diplomatic meeting. I'll express sympathy, he'll reassure me it's okay, y'know, we'll talk about how war sucks... that sort of thing."  Tony looked down, rubbing his arm with his bandaged hand, suddenly remembering the test missiles. The Ambassador line was the immediate precursor to the Freedom line, which was Tony's final commercially available arsenal.  The Ambassador IV was, in fact, the inspiration for the Jericho. Tony knew what it was capable of. He hoped he wouldn't have to look at pictures of the unfortunate refugee camps that were hit.
"Did he have kids or anything?"
"Ew," said Tony.  "Who gets up that early?"
In fact, he felt a bit bad because all of these guys actually seemed pretty okay.  A couple had approached him to congratulate him on snagging Captain America, and another couple had come over to congratulate him on Iron Man, and he’d discovered he shared a mutual love of Fender guitars with some famous country musician who was there, and also found out that Eric was fixing up a classic Mustang.  It was hard for Tony not to like people who liked cars, guitars, and blonds. That was kind of Tony's
Steve was a little nervous about Tony going in with no suit, but he thought it might be insulting to ask if he'd done this kind of thing before.  If Bucky was any indications, Alphas were too proud for their own good.
Steve's gaze locked with Tony's again and his blue eyes were fiery- he was going to win this if it was the last thing he did.
