“She’s healing well,” Felipe said. “A relief.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes and sighed in defeat.
Ahad interpreted, then he began to count.
John cleared his throat.
********
“You want more, love?” whispered John. Sherlock responded with an impatient, muffled moan since his mouth was stretched full of John's cock. The vibration almost gave John reason to release, but he forced himself to hold back.
Yet as John turned the corner, he knew something was terribly, terribly wrong.
Sherlock turned over onto his back and pulled John down to him, nestling him between his spread legs. He held onto John’s behind as he slowly began to rock his hips. Their arousals, trapped between their bellies, pressed and easily slid against each other.
“Should we take him to hospital?”
“You were a detective.”
To Be Continued.../p>
“I realized I would be perfectly content to burn for you for the rest of my days if I could have you, just once,” he offered gently.
On the fourth day, his fever spiked and he began to wheeze. John extracted a sample of sputum from his lung, and Felipe confirmed under Sherlock’s microscope that he had indeed developed pneumonia.
Victor pulled back, a look of horror on his face. He shook his head, and in a raspy, accusatory whisper lashed out as much as he could without drawing attention of the others.
Sherlock figured he could crawl up the firescape and jimmy the window, but the area was too active with students constantly in and out of the complex. His phone buzzed, and he looked down to see a text from John.
“Me. William, or whatever he’s calling himself.”
John stood and shook his mentor’s hand. “I do hope your father recovers quickly. Safe travels, sir.” He shoved the note and money into his jacket pocket without so much as a glance.
“I was in Cuba,” he said softly. “We were marching and were attacked from all sides by the rebels. In the confusion, I was shot by my comrade,” he said. He then chuckled to himself. “I was so angry, I remember thinking that I would kill him after the battle. He knelt down to help me, but a bullet struck him from behind.” Felipe’s expression turned cloudy as he remembered. “He fell into my lap. The back of his skull was completely...it was gone.”
Mr. Thomas’s words were so shocking and irreverent that John began to giggle. Soon he was doubled over, holding his stomach, tears streaming down his face.
Sherlock shook his head. “Yess,” he answered honestly, openly, his defenses finally gone. "John, it feels… Oh!”
"I love you."
John went to collect the dirty clothes on the chair. When he turned around, Sherlock was gone.
“Is there something you wish to tell me?”
“Yes,” John nodded, and turned toward the edge of the landing.
John padded back to his cot and tried to rest. He’d saved an Earl’s life, and for the first time in a long time he was proud of himself.  If he failed to become a real doctor, then maybe he could go back into service.
“It seems like you just moved in yesterday,” she says kindly. “It’s been so nice having you close again.” She reaches down and pats Sherlock on the shoulder. “You were always my favorite.” She winks, then squeezes his shoulder hard enough Sherlock winces. “Don’t tell your brother,” she whispers.
John worked him over and over, sucking his length, licking his testicles, kissing his center. He gently pushed his finger in along with his tongue. Sherlock fluttered open even wider, so hot and slicked with his own spit. John lost his breath when he thought about putting himself inside of there, just a little, just for a bit. It would be so warm and so tight. He wondered if Sherlock would let him just as fresh blood rushed into his aching groin, making him slightly dizzy.
Sherlock rolled over and gave John a brief, reassuring kiss on the lips. John peered at him through the dark, barely able to trace the outline of his face.
Felipe and Captain Lestrade appeared in the doorway.
“Baker Street boys.”
It growled so loudly that John burst out laughing, then asked him how long it been since he’d eaten. When Sherlock couldn't remember, he jumped out of bed and immediately called the Chinese takeaway around the corner.
“Johnny,” he said sadly. “I’m so sorry.”
“No, really,” said Victor. “He’s quite taken with you. I’m rather grateful I’m a fourth year with a secured position in the symphony come January. Otherwise, I’d be a bit jealous.”
So he stayed there and cried softly into his sleeve, watching as the shadows became long and the sun lowered behind Land’s End in the distance, enduring his final moments of mourning for the man called Sherlock Holmes.
“How so?”
"Whoopsie daisy!" says Brooks. "Forgot my coat." He plucks it from the rack and slams the door shut behind him.
Sherlock took a step forward but John grabbed him, pulling him back by his shoulders and out the door. They fought and pushed at each other but John refused to let him go until they’d cleared all the stairwells and were safely outside the main hall, arguing and shouting in the courtyard.
“Ah, I see,” he said, turning to John before he made his way down the stairs. “Reservation’s for 8. I may meet you there.”
“Stay.”
"I'm a first-year, sir."
John walked in to find his lordship standing in front of a large wooden crate. He was still in his robe, and he had a crowbar jammed in one side of the box.
Felipe stopped.
Sherlock began to stir as John’s palm glided up to stroke his long elegant neck. John felt the smooth skin first with his fingers then with the back of his hand, appreciating the softness, the warmth.
The noon bell rang and the field workers slowly made their way back to the house.
“I can insult someone’s mother in Pashto,” John deadpanned.
Robert S. Albany
Before Sherlock could respond, John again grabbed him and continued through the dark corridor. It was a good long while before Sherlock responded.
“M’lord, my limp seems to come and go,” he explained. “I vow to work harder than two footmen. All I ask for is this opportunity promised to me by your late father, may he rest in peace.”
John felt his face go hot at the compliment. Tears unexpectedly welled up in his eyes, but he quickly wiped the wetness away before any drops could fall.
John pulled off of his length with a pop, and rose up to whisper softly into Sherlock’s ear.
“Forget it,” William said, turning quickly and opening the door to the bedroom.
“What?” said Sherlock. “You’ve been nagging me since I returned from the war that I need to be more reputable. What better way than to have my own valet?”
And so it went, on and on, until the final player had been tested and either praised or humiliated. Brook stepped down from the podium and with a single look handed control of the class back to the director.
“Yes,” John answered slowly, willing his patience to linger.
John followed a narrow path between the rocks to look for shade. He rounded the corner and there, in the distance, he spotted a British soldier. He was on his knees with his hands tied behind his back.
“Are you alright?”
“Study your letters, John Watson,” he said. “Learning to read is just as important as shining boots.”
"I want you," he said softly. "You're brilliant. Fantastic. Just be with me. Please."
Siger threw the stick over the little black bulldog’s head. The dog turned and ran hard across the garden.
The unexpected profanity made Sherlock choke with surprise into the teacup. He swallowed quickly as to reset his composure.
“So,” said Victor, afterward. “You alright?” He gave the young man a knowing look, and lowered his voice. “Professor Brook told me he heard you play the other night.”  Victor looked around to make sure he was out of earshot of the others. “Being concertmaster has its perks.”
“Because,” said Sherlock, “The headphones were missing when the Yard searched his dorm room.”
He shook his head in disbelief. He looked up into the mirror above the washstand and said to his reflection:
“Have a safe trip,” he said softly, and exited the room.
He sighed at the stack of mail sitting on the table in between the two chairs. He rifled through the pile and began opening letters at random.
“Ah,” said Brook flippantly. “Richard Brook, Sherlock’s professor.” He reached forward and held out his hand as if to shake.
“You’re not traveling, and that’s all there is to it,” said John, using his stern doctor voice.
“I’ll go to Luss,” said John. “I haven’t anywhere else.”
John heard Felipe speak, then the voices began shouting again even louder than before. John snuck back into the room to retrieve his gun from under the cot, then made his way to the front entrance.
Sherlock stopped, concerned. “You're ill?” he asked.
“That soon.”
“Yeah, amazing,” said John appreciatively. He handed him the last of the books. “You’re a bit of an unsung hero, actually.”
John unfolded the paper, his hand shaking a little as he read it to himself.
“No, John, no,” whispered Sherlock. “You didn’t kill her.”  He pulled John from him and looked him in the eyes. “You didn’t kill her.”
Just then, the butler walked in to announce that dinner was served. The conversation was dropped as all the guests entered into the dining hall.
John placed Sherlock's hand on top of his, and together they stroked and thrusted and grinded in unison.
Sherlock looked at her, his face becoming unreadable with each passing moment.
“Officer Lestrade, meet John Watson,” said Sherlock.
“I’m not going anywhere until we find him.”
Halfway down, John stopped mid step. He gathered a fistful of Sherlock’s coat lapel and gently pressed him up against the wall. Sherlock felt warm breath on his face as a stubbled jaw grazed his neck.
"Brilliant," praised John. "Nobody’s ever just, you know, knew me like that before."
“Felipe, I’m over Sherlock. I can’t go back there. I’m done,” he said adamantly.
He handed one of the cups to John, and raised the other over his head.
That now cannot abide his sutors sight.
“Where is that boy, anyway?”
“I wanted to tell you in person. The hospital called. The autopsy on Sam revealed all the clamps had been removed. The PA made a mistake on the paperwork.” He faced saddened.  “She died of viral infection she must've contracted before the procedure. I was relieved at first, that it wasn’t my fault, but...”
“It was my money. I earned it.”
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders. He continued to walk down the stairs.
John shut his eyes and sucked in his breath. The anger and resentment he’d felt for Sherlock had slowly disappeared over the last few weeks. It had been replaced with overwhelming guilt. He nodded in response.
“Aye, but I’ve got to follow the rules...unless…”
Sherlock, rather pleased with the morbidity of the story, smiled. It encouraged the professor to continue.
-----------------
Sherlock grew pink with embarrassment.
John smirked as he walked in, throwing his rucksack and a large duffle bag on the desk. "Guess we'll never know now will we?"
On Saturday, John strolled around the campus enjoying the flowers and trees and the buzz of student chatter. He thought about how he would have liked to have gone to medical school like his friend and mentor Mike Stamford. He caught sight of Sherlock at one point, standing in the middle of a crowd of gentleman as he lectured on something John couldn’t quite make out.
“Sherlock, is everything okay? You sound tired.”
Sherlock ran his thumbs over his wet, red eyes. “When I was told my identity had been compromised, I refused to leave. Instead I tried to warn them,” he said. “Lestrade gave the order to have me restrained and taken back to base by force.”
“I’ve been enjoying the sights, Johnny. Lots to see and do in London.”
"I thought going away would rid me of my feelings for you."
“Garrett had been dragging mud for two years.” Brook looked him up and down appreciatively. “Besides, you’re no Elmer Fudd. This is a huge opportunity for you. You know that, right?”
Not again, he thought.
Brook smiled coyly, and ever so slightly, pursed his lips in a kiss.
“My brother probably thought it did me some good,” said Sherlock.
Sherlock gazed at him intensely. “It doesn’t. But the fact remains, there is a painting in the library that resembles you in a most striking way.”
John walked up to his side and inspected the box. “Mind if I try, sir?” Sherlock, red-faced and pouting, handed over the crowbar without a word. John jimmied each corner of the crate and the lid popped right off.
The tense moment from before seemed to fall away at the news. A half-smile creeped onto John’s lips.
“Don’t leave me, goddamn you,” he pleaded. “You can’t leave me alone. Don’t do this to me. I can’t…” He stopped himself before any tears spilled, sucking in a long, hard breath.
He sighed and gathered himself from the floor. “I’m grateful, John. You take care of my practical needs, and you do it well. But I can pay someone to help me with those things.”
At first, the old lovable housekeeper bounded back after John arrived home, looking like a full recovery was in store. However, one evening, after a tremendously cold, damp day, she again developed a terrible fever.
He found himself late in the afternoon standing in his flat with a bag of greasy warm chips and with Molly, who was insistent she left her phone on the desk, though he knew for a fact it was actually in her lower left coat pocket, and had been since she had arrived that morning. Sherlock wasn’t sure why he had allowed the rouse to continue.
It was then John realised though his drunken haze that he felt more than friendship towards Sherlock. He wanted those large, elegant hands running through his hair. He wanted those pale, pink lips pressed to his forehead.
Felipe tried to hide his grin behind his teacup, but failed miserably.
John squirmed in discomfort. He grabbed the man’s arms and tried to pull him up.
The man’s suit was very expensive, bespoke. He was freshly shaved and smelled divine. The rings on his fingers cost more than John’s entire lifetime salary.
Sherlock knew he was there before he saw him, because the hairs suddenly stood up on the back of his neck.
Mycroft hiked a foot and leaned on one of Sherlock’s claimed pawns. “I make it my business, baby brother. You might find this hard to believe, but I worry about you. Constantly.”
"I know what you need," growled John, as he sat up and tossed Sherlock's shirt across the room. He pulled his own t-shirt swiftly over his head and settled back on top of Sherlock, capturing the young man's lips with his own and kissing him passionately. Trousers and pants soon followed the fate of the shirts, and Sherlock found himself, for the first time, completely naked and breathless in bed with another human being.
Paralyzingly chills ran down John’s body as he listened to Felipe’s story, his tragedy freakishly parallel to his own experience. He told Felipe about Bill dying in the field in Kandahar, and how he’d been shot and forced back into service.
He gripped the empty box with both hands and shut his eyes for a moment, willing himself not to scream.
“He wants me to oversee a new division created just for this problem, apparently. Consultant only, nothing official,” he continued. “I’m to leave within the week. With things settled here, I’m rather keen on going.”
“Violin. My first class is tomorrow.”
As he stands to leave, John expects another pouting spectacle from his significant other.
“Sherlock, we’re leaving, now,” said John.
He heard a shout and a scuffle, and upon shining the light on the display case, saw William in hand to hand combat with a monster seven feet tall and a face that looked like something out of a Mary Shelley novel.
“Always,” he replied.
John squinted up at Captain Lestrade. “Sherlock Holmes?”
Within moments, the two men were hoisted up, suspended in mid air over the stormy waters of the reservoir. John held on to William with all his strength, and when they reached the top and collapsed together onto the bridge, John cried out:
John nodded in recognition of the name. “It seems you've returned earlier than expected. Well, it was good while it lasted," he said. "I’ll be out of your way in a few hours.”
Felipe sat at the table, his head buried in his hands.
In other words, even with a good harvest, the bank (if Spanish banks were anything like English banks) would likely seize the farm by the end of the year.
Desire ignited deep in Sherlock's belly. He pulled John close and growled back:
*****
“Oh, it was an herb garret all right,” said Sherlock, waving John into the next room. “Look.”
John held himself still until his lover’s grip eased.
Sherlock hurried away toward the back door, just as a fight broke out among the uni students at the opposite end of the bar.
“Johnny Hamish Watson, open the door or I'll break it down!”
Brook began to circle him like a lioness hunting a gazelle.
Sherlock promised to buy milk. And beans.
"Mmm?" John's tongue was licking where his nimble fingers had just undone shirt buttons. His lips encircled and gently sucked on a perfectly pink, erect nipple. Sherlock rose halfway off the bed in response.
“I'm not like him, you know.”
“I killed an innocent woman!” William shouted up at him.
“Sorry!” came a breathless shout. "Oh no!" said the young man running up to Sherlock's side. "Watson! Get Watson!"
“Come here, Dr. Watson.”
The roar from the rain on the roof was so loud it was difficult to hear each other talk. John walked to the edge and looked out. He let the rain pour onto his hand, wiping the back of his neck with the cool water. He removed his boots and stuck his feet out, letting the rain pummel his toes. For a moment, he forgot where he was and laid back onto the ledge, his arms spread out at his sides.
“Did Mr. Thomas happen to mention anything else?”
Sherlock held volume 3 in his hands and stared at John. He seemed to be deciding on whether or not to say what was on his mind.
John buried his face in Sherlock’s neck, and Sherlock felt his breath quicken against him, his hips suddenly bucking hard against his narrow thighs. Sherlock whimpered, and John breathed out a “sorry” as he restrained himself, pulling back in his thrusts, his head collapsing into the pillow next to Sherlock’s ear. His tanned shoulders shook in temporary relief.
John’s expression finally softened. He nodded and solemnly looked out the window.
The disappearing trail of blood followed almost perfectly with the position of the body in the rocks. When John reached the man, the trail stopped. He fell to his knees, out of breath, dropping the lantern into the mud.
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
There was a hard knock at the door.
John glanced up, squinting through the sun shining behind the huge figure sitting on top of an even larger camel. The man, wearing a striped djellaba and red tarboosh, spoke:
Sherlock nodded, but didn’t dare speak.
“Yes?”
“Ahad,” John commanded. “Come here.”
“Do you want me to call for the doctor?”
“No one has to know,” he purred. “This is just for us. For me to show my appreciation for everything you’ve done for me.”
No one heard the footsteps on the servant stairs. The Earl and his brother were suddenly standing in the doorway. Everyone immediately dropped their utensils and noisily scooted back their chairs to stand.
For once, the nightmares stayed away.
“That’s a camel, Johnny.”
John shook his head. "I never wanted you to leave in the first place."
He glanced up as he was swarmed by a large group of uni students walking into a local pub. Sherlock thought it was a homeless man standing behind them at first, huddled next to a street lamp and lingering in the bushes for warmth. But upon second glance, Sherlock realized the man was actually Victor Trevor, wearing an oversized hoodie, filthy trousers and muddy shoes.
The two men never spoke of it after that day, but the good doctor did find a position with a dispensary in a poor part of London. He volunteered twice a week in six hour shifts, treating the poor, the criminal, the addicts and the orphans. Over time, he seemed to make his peace with London, his volunteer activities balancing his somewhat prestigious position as a royal surgeon at St. Barts hospital.
He leaned back to slip him a full, tender kiss on the mouth.
He then turned to John and mumbled good-naturedly:
“You did?” squeaked John. He was perspiring quite rightly.
“Bottoms up,” he said, swallowing the entire contents of the glass, relishing the burn as it made it’s way down into his chest.
The room smelled of varnish, soap and old paper, and John was trying very hard not to sneeze. He held his sleeve to his nose as he huddled alongside William behind the greeter desk at the British Museum of Natural History.
“If feels so good not to be moving!” he shouted as he stretched his long limbs. He took a generous swig out of his cup and set it on the table. “Watson, do reconsider my invitation to the reception this evening. I’d like to introduce you to a handful of colleagues.” He yawned. “Most are insufferable idiots but there are one or two I think you shall like.”
The director broke up the whispers as he stomped back onto the block and rapped his baton against the music stand.
Once introductions had been made, Sherlock realized he was the only representative from Beginner band. No one, however, seemed to mind. The music they play was pre-selected, a blind read. Everyone was professional and kind, and Sherlock enjoyed the session in spite of himself.
He looked him up and down and licked his lips.
“Of course,” he said. “You need to get a little stronger for the journey but it won’t be long now. You’re on the mend. You’re going to fine.”
When the carriage pulled up to the front of Lands End, John dared to glance out the side window to see all of servants lined up to greet them. His heart began beating wildly in his chest as he fought the urge to hide out until the carriage circled around to the side entrance.
Sherlock then watched in shock and pleasure as John leaned over his taught stomach and licked him clean, then leaned forward to shove his tongue deep into Sherlock's mouth. He could taste himself on his tongue. He reveled in the sensation.
“Yes, yes, thank you, Holmes. I see…” he motioned to Felipe. “You’ve met? Both of you?”
John looked exasperated. “You what?”
There were nights John barely slept, unable to shake the feelings of lust and desire pent up inside his neglected body. He ached for Sherlock’s touch, and the most painful moments were right after he’d left the warmth of Sherlock’s morning embrace. He longed to be alone with his lordship for an hour, a day, a week, to kiss, touch, fondle, explore. The desire consumed him. He thought of nothing else.
“Engaged?”
And what kind of life would he have with Sherlock if they crossed into something more? Constantly sneaking about, stealing a kiss here and there, always under the veil of secrecy. It sounded terrible. John desperately wished he could banish the desire and lust eating them both alive.
A year came and went. John convinced Felipe to expand the rioja vine, assuring him the blight mutated and was no longer a threat. They spent winter nights playing games with Raul as Francesca nagged at them for being too rowdy. John convinced the young man to attend medical school in Barcelona, despite his mother’s wishes. He promised to put in a good word for him in Edinburgh if he kept his marks up.
John thanked him and stared at the letter critically. Mailed from the U.K. He opened it up carefully and noted the thick, creamy stationary.
Mr. Thomas was a believer in strict routine. John had been once upon a time, before he began running after criminals with his best friend in the middle of the night. It felt good to fall back into the pattern, however, and with lights out by 10pm every night, John finally stopped dreaming about roaring waters and frozen bodies.
“One-two-three-four…”
“Where is he?” John seethed. He gripped the strangler’s collar lifted him off the ground, shaking him so hard his teeth rattled.
John sat up as a smile tugged at the corners of his mouth. “Yeah, how’d you - ?”
would have.”
The thing grunted and released William, who quickly rolled away, choking and sobbing.
William carefully entered the sitting room. He’d already removed his coat and hat and hung them in the hallway. He seemed nervous but excited. His clear blue eyes darted along every centimeter of the room, as if exploring and cataloguing its contents. He immediately focused solely on the bookshelves, pouring over them as if they were jewels in the king’s crown.
Sherlock felt John’s lips tickle his groin, and then the tip of his penis slid into a hot, wet mouth. He couldn’t help but moaned obscenely at the sensation. John’s tongue lightly worked the tip as fingers tugged at his sensitive sac. A palm followed underneath and rubbed firmly between his legs, making him writhe against the sheets. He felt a bit of cum escape from his cock, which John greedily lapped up.
A pit suddenly formed in John’s stomach. Something was wrong.
John didn’t understand. He just stood there, looking at her.
John quickly walked away, quietly shutting the door to the adjoining room.
“I immediately pulled him out,” said Lestrade defensively. “But you know how bloody stubborn he can be. He wouldn’t listen to anyone, he drank all the time, wouldn’t leave his quarters unless it was to harass and throw things at me. Then one day he was just gone.” Lestrade sighed, defeated. “I sent multiple letters trying to find his whereabouts. I finally wrote to his brother through Parliament, who told me he had been ill but was convalescing in Tangier. With his valet.”
"Shit, shit, sorry!" whispered John, visibly upset. Sherlock quickly took John's hand, placed it again on the back of his head, and lifted the solid cock back up to his mouth.
Lightening flashed so brightly across the sky it illuminated the street for a brief moment. Mrs Turner gasped and stepped back inside.
Their eyes met as John slowly fucked him.
"I'm a first-year, sir."
He’d made a promise to Felipe to never leave again, and by God, he was going to keep it.
He walked over and place his hands on top of his shoulders, looking him straight in the eye.
“The moment of truth,” said Sherlock, raising an eyebrow at John. He tugged at the door - and it open.
He thought the question odd, until he realized John was obviously strapped for cash. Worried he wouldn’t have enough money for them both, he wasn’t buying anything for himself. Even for Sherlock, the unspoken gesture was rather touching.
He finally put his arm in the jacket, and John adjusted the collar and brushed it to perfection.
“John -”
“You’re the new concertmaster!” Brook said grinning, giving Sherlock a friendly shake. “Only it’s a good idea to show up to practice so you can actually be the concertmaster.” Brook looked at him expectantly. “Aren't you excited?
Sherlock realized what John was saying. “Oh, John,” he said sadly. He brushed his hand over his cheek and pulled him close.
“First, we breath,” said John.
He shouted for Sherlock until his throat was raw.
“You can kill yourself in peace. Because I won't be coming back.”
“I'll get that tea,” he said.
“I thought you had gone,” Sherlock slurred. He rose from his chair and walked with some difficulty over to his mirror and chest. He tried to remove his coat and failed.
“You so beautiful,” he whispered.
John smiled warmly.
“Come on,” said John. “Lets go home. I’ve a tonic that works wonders for brushes with death.”
Sherlock hesitated. He’d been down this road before, his gifts of observation and deduction never winning him friends. In fact, it often proved quite the opposite. He’d made up his mind to stop when John Watson said:
“John?” Sherlock replaced the poker and shuffled toward him, concerned. “What’s wrong?”
(See the end of the chapter for
It wasn’t five minutes before the hallway abruptly ended, a solid, brick wall built right into the walls.
John was momentarily stunned at the sight of Captain Lestrade barely holding on to an unconscious Sherlock Holmes.
“I shall endeavor to rebuild my life. I’m content to do so without morphine, or cocaine, or brandy. I do not wish, however, to do it without you.”
John grunted and lightly gripped Sherlock's jaw with his blunt fingers. Sherlock pulled off with a pop and looked up.
It was late Friday night, and Sherlock made his way up to the fourth floor and locked himself  in his practice room near the back door. He pulled out Reichenbach, and played it flawlessly from beginning to end.  He then turned on the metronome and selected an impressive speed, the machine clicking back and forth furiously. As if to prove something to himself, Sherlock played the Reichenbach solo again, this time at breakneck pace.
Lestrade nodded. He ran his fingers through his shock of silver hair.
Sherlock moaned in frustration.
“You’re certain,” said Sherlock.
Sherlock pretended to care, but his mind was only on that of Victor Trevor. Could he have met the same fate as Carl Powers?
Sherlock cried out, the sound muffled by John’s tongue plundering his mouth. His calloused fingers finally found their way back to Sherlock's poor cock, which was now a deep red and leaking all over his abdomen.
“Nor you to him.”
Sherlock thought for a moment, and said, "I don't want perspective."
“Felipe,” John said. “I love him.”
“Oh, hello John.”
The professor sighs loudly with disappointment, puffing out his cheeks and blowing a raspberry with his tongue.
Large, gentle hands spread warmly over his shoulders. He leaned back, the tip of his head dipping slightly into Sherlock’s silk pajama top.
Victor signaled the waiter for another ale. “See, I found some documents in his flat,” he said, lowering his voice.  “Multiple passports with different names, all with his photograph. And he’d have to take these sudden phone calls. Sometimes he’d speak in German. I think it’s when he didn’t want me to understand what he was saying.”
Molly turned red. “Oh. Yes. Of course.”
“Don’t worry, I won’t bite,” Brook said smoothly. “Unless you deserve it.” He tapped the seat of the stool and motioned for Sherlock to sit.
One summer afternoon they sat in the meadow along the shade trees, John with his pencil and Sherlock with his samples, when Sherlock asked,
There, hanging over the side of the cliff hooked on a forlorn, green branch of a sapling was his leather satchel.
Dr. MacDougal managed a small smile. “You’re our best and brightest, John.” He leaned forward. “Will you grant me this favor? You may bring a guest, of course.”
He made sure his last stop was Lord Sherlock’s room before turning in for the evening. He was actually surprised to find him still dressed. He was sprawled in front of the fire, obviously a bit drunk.
John worked mornings in the village hospital five days a week, and spent the afternoons in the vineyard. One day, as he was leaving for lunch, the innkeeper (who also served as the village’s postman) stopped him along the path.
John laughed in spite of his mood. He playfully pushed Sherlock down onto the bed and straddled him, pinning his long arms above his head.
John approached her and lifted her hand to his lips. In shock and completely devastated, he didn’t move from her side for hours.
"It's a sublet, so I own nothing in here, except my clothes and books of course," explained John, as he offered Sherlock the tour that evening. "It's my cousin Raibert's. He's in Malta on his elective. I'll be homeless in a couple of months, but for now..." John plopped on the couch and spread his arms wide, grinning. "It's all mine."
William wisely didn’t respond, but his crystal eyes filled with shock at what the doctor was insinuating.
Felipe shut his mouth in surprise. John took the opportunity to jump up from his chair and look Felipe dead in the eye.
In December, Sherlock finally came home.
Sherlock continued. “I promise I’ll take care of you. You’ll need not worry about anyone finding out.”
Tears sprung to her eyes. He was perfect.
“My brother, Mycroft, worries about me. I’ve had some setbacks. Yet, I feel I am closer than ever to breaking through. With appreciation to your good intentions, a bit of fresh air is not a cure-all.”
Sherlock rolled onto his side, and glared at Wiggins. “Out with it.”
Sherlock lowered his mouth to the thin shirt. He felt with his lips until he found a hardened nipple. He licked at it, dampening the cloth with his tongue.
He offered his hand and helped John to his feet. Sherlock was naked except for his silk shirt hanging off his shoulders. His ivory skin accentuated the lean muscles of his chest, though his collarbone stuck out sharply due to his recent lack of appetite. The gradual narrowing of his depleting waist led to a flat, muscled abdomen where auburn hair trailed down into his groin. His legs were lithe but powerful and were in perfect proportion to the curve of his buttock, which was well formed but much too thin.
---------------
“And?” asked Sherlock, smiling devilishly.
“Ah, there you are,” replied Mycroft evenly. “Sherlock, I think you should get down to the courtyard. You’ve caused quite a spectacle.”
“But you saved my father’s life,” said Sherlock. “You’re a hero, John.”
“Her back is broken,” he said sadly. He pulled out a small bottle and filled a syringe. He stuck it carefully into his patient’s ribs.
William smiled.
The room became completely silent. Sherlock felt shaken and disoriented. It took him a full twenty seconds before he was able to pull himself off of the floor and back into his chair. Someone from the band took pity on him and handed him back his bow.
“Watson,” Sherlock murmered.
“Que?” Felipe panted.
Someone was yelling at him. Pulling at his arm.
John Watson remembers the first time he set foot in Halidon Hall. The servant's hall was large and airy and had multiple tables for the servants to sit at, and he remembers the housekeeper being friendly to his mother who had just accepted a position as a lady’s maid for the Marquess of Berwick’s eldest daughter, Lady Elsa.
John curled himself around Sherlock’s back, and as he’d done a thousand times before, slipped his hand over his lover’s slender thigh and settled in for sleep.
He gathered himself in his hand and pushed inside slowly, oh so slowly.
William wiped the tears from his eyes with the back of his hand as he sat on the edge of the bed. He looked exhausted and embarrassed, and like he’d broken a magical spell that he was never to experience again.
"No," he answered. He stood still and allowed Sherlock to hold and massage him. He eventually nestled his face in Sherlock's chest, gripping the front of his partner’s white button-down.
He pulled himself out of Sherlock as gently as he could. He glimpsed the bruises on his shoulders and thighs. He suddenly felt deeply ashamed.
He pulled Felipe’s large hand holding his own up to his lips and grazed the hard, calloused knuckles with his lips.
Brook growled in Sherlock’s face. “So you do know the difference! If you dare to sabotage my band, I will fuck you like a pig.”
The two men seemed to understand his concern.  Without a word, they quickly finished the rest of their desserts and headed back to the flat.
Sherlock sat back in his chair. He looked at his glass and swirled the liquid around.
“Can you spare him?”
He watched the younger man open his cupid’s bow obediently, his beautiful face flickering with loss at the same time he pulled his fingers from his center.
“The benefactor, the dinner...it’s at Halidon Hall,” he said warily. “The Marquess of Berwick is the host.”
Sherlock snapped back to attention. “It’s nothing,” he said, brushing past her to gaze out the window.
John waited, but William said nothing more.
“Follow me.”
“Why would I have your handkerchief in my pocket?” he asked unexpectedly.
John furrowed his brow. “What kind of pattern?”
Sherlock, roused from his slumber, looked down with sleepy eyes to see John’s blonde head bobbing over his abdomen. He gasped and groaned and pulled John off of him, forcing him up to his own full lips, kissing him and licking him.
John sighed and shook his head. “You’re impossible.”
“Easter weekend, how perfectly tactless of him.”
He stood at the water's edge for a long time, looking out the horizon, the wind whipping his hair. He watched an object bob up and down in the waves. After several attempts at reaching the shore, the bottle washed up on the sand at his feet. It was an empty vial.
“Sherlock!” A police officer approached the two young men. “I’ve been calling and texting you all bloody day. Where the fuck where have you been?” he said impatiently. He stopped to size up John. “Who’s this?”
“No, nothing.”
“I am upset…”
Most of the Spanish flew right over John’s head, but there were a few words he picked up on immediately.
“Johnny?” He whispered incredulously. “Johnny Hamish Watson, is that you?”
“Oh, John!” William whispered. “Please be alright.”
“His hideout is Brent Reservoir, near the east guardhouse,” he said. “He’ll eventually turn up there, as he doesn’t exactly blend in with the rest of society.”
Felipe's huge arms wrapped around him.
Later, after John was stuffed full of bread, cheese and stew, he wandered for a good hour until he found a secluded grove of trees. The air was cool and perfect, and he settled in their shade and promptly fell asleep.
William slumped. “I think about her everyday. Hanging in that cell from the hem of her torn dress.” He looked up at John, his eyes full of pain. “She hadn’t done anything wrong. I thought I was clever, discovering she was having an affair with the guard who gave that
“Oh yes,” Felipe said, his tone clipped. “I lost my funding the same year the imam decided to forbid the local Muslim boys to attend. It was over, like that.” He snapped his fingers and leaned back in his chair. “Luckily my village needed a doctor and my father needed his son. It was a soft landing.”
Sherlock again couldn't look him in the eye, his shame evident all over his face.
Ahad swallowed. “They are accusing Felipe of hoarding supplies and water,” he said. “They demand he turn over the supplies or they will take them by force.”
John bucked and groaned as he was touched, his body tightening with impending release.
“Here,” said John, digging into his bag then crawling next to him on the bed. He slipped two acetaminophen into his palm and made him grip a bottle of water with the other. “Take it.”
John held out Sherlock’s boots. He was perspiring and his breath was labored. “It’s nothing.”
“I took on a fake identity in Turkmenia,” said Sherlock, slipping the new books behind the old. “Befriended those on both sides, locals and the Russians. The Russian army already had a presence in the area, but the fighting started when the locals banded together to push them out. I fed information to the British forces stationed in Kabul. I speak Russian, Turkmen and Pashto fluently now.” He stopped and said out loud to himself,  “I haven’t told anyone that. Not even Mycroft.”
“I could fuck you just like this,” growled Sherlock. “It would hurt, because you’re not ready for me. But you’re such a little slut, you’d love it, wouldn’t you.”
"Are you sure?"
“Find anything?” asked John. Sherlock nodded, padding his pockets and sighing. “What?”
“John,” warned Sherlock. “Stop.”
“Precisely, John,” said Sherlock, his eyes flashing. “Carl senior tried to back out of the deal, and in retaliation, Brook killed his son.”
It looked like a gun. His gun.
"Did I say to start playing again?" he whined.
John shook his head. “I should have never left,” he said. “You were ill. You needed me.”
“‘I’ve got another dead body, Holmes, and this one is partly because of you. You want to tell me what the hell we should do now?”
“Thank you,” answered John. He was so hungry he could barely keep both of his hands from stuffing his mouth at the same time. The train ticket had cost him the last of his savings and he hadn’t eaten in two days.
“Felipe,” whispered John as he pushed back a little more.
“Enough talking,” he said softly, his kisses soft and lingering on Sherlock’s full, chapped lips. “You need rest.”
“I know this seems sudden,” he said patiently. “But it is imperative that I keep moving forward.”
Sherlock shook his head. “That was not the commentary I was expecting. He seemed rather disappointed in my performance.”
Victor jerked and turned, his eyes growing wide, then relaxing when he recognized Sherlock standing beside him. His eyes swelled up with tears.
John got up and sat down next to him, leaning back against the tree trunk. Felipe passed him the bottle, and John took a generous sip.
“I’m not sure what you’re getting at, Dr. Watson.”
He waited, and the blonde reluctantly handed him back his phone.
They stood that way for a long time, until John broke the silence with a sudden, heartbreaking sob. His once firm grip dissolved as his strong, solid shoulders shook with emotion. He sagged against Sherlock’s chest, tears soaking the young man’s shirt.
“Mmm, yes,” answered Sherlock. He pressed his bottom back against John's finger to show him. He moved his hips back and forth, obsessed with the feeling of his lover inside of him.
John kissed and licked against his body, feeling Sherlock pulse against his lips and tongue. Sherlock moaned, his length resting against his belly, hard and fat and desperate for attention.
He forced himself up and through the window and flopped onto the ledge next to Wiggins, who was already halfway passed out, a ciggie hanging from his lip.
“John,” whispered Felipe, gripping his bicep to keep him steady. “Are you alright?”
“We have a room of our own,” he rumbled, as he gently licked John’s wet, pink mouth. He unbuttoned John's shirt and threw it to the floor.
“Yes, you do.”
"So," Brook mews, almost singing his response. "You know I'm looking for..." His lips curl. "...Players."
John raised his eyebrows. "With the window open. With you blowing the smoke out of the apartment."
“Good,” he said, lightly placing his palm on Sherlock's back as he stood. “Follow me.”
He forced himself to rise and wash before crashing into sleep. He thought of placing the book back inside his dresser drawer, but thought better of it and left it under his pillow. He still had seven days before the family returned. He was going to make the most of it.
“Dr. Watson,” Donovan said in return. “I saw Mr. Thomas at the pharmacy. He mentioned you were back in London and asked that I stop by.”
Raibert leaned in and gently brushed his lips against Sherlock's. Sherlock responded, kissing him back ever so softly. And then suddenly, Raibert pulled back, looking shocked.
“Don’t walk away from me.”
“Nay,” he said, laughing. “Glad you’re on our side, Watson. You won’t be wasted in the infirmary after the Captain finds out you're a crack shot.”
“John,” said Sherlock firmly.
Mr. Thomas opened the door to 221B and greeted Holmes and Watson warmly as they spilled out of the cab. Marie followed closely behind. Watson observed both seemed rather rosy and vibrant.
John pulled out the letter, but before he opened it to read, Sherlock placed a gentle hand on his. The nobleman gave him a small reassuring smile and gave his fingers a gentle squeeze before releasing them.
Sherlock lifted his long leg up over John's thick thigh. John wrapped an arm around his waist and pulled him snug against his chest. Slicked fingers began to dance along the younger man's behind.
He was grateful when he finally reached the Inn. He didn’t deter for one moment and pushed through the main door into the lobby, collapsing a bit onto the counter where Peter was writing in his ledger.
“Say it so the rest of the band can hear you.”
William smiled. “The old woman that saved my life kept bees. Taught me how to gather the honey from the hives. Bees are fascinating.”
“What are you doing?” asked Sherlock.
Sherlock bit his lower lip, his blunt chin taut with worry.
,” Sherlock moaned softly. He titled his arse up in response to the pleasure John was delivering.
Completed fic. Will post last two chapters June 12.
John followed him into the tiny room, the fire enveloping them in an intense heat quite the opposite of the drafty sitting room.
John reached out and took Felipe’s hand.
“That’s right,” John seethed. “It’s the same tommy-rot the old Sherlock would pull. Keeping secrets, unilateral decision-making, me ending up the fool.”
Calloused fingers worked their way under his vest and danced along his rib cage. Felipe stared down at him as if challenging him to protest.
Felipe’s calloused hands massaged John’s small, soft behind. His fingers slipped in along his cleft as John encouraged him to keep going, grinding himself into Felipe’s muscled abdomen. Felipe produced salve from his trouser pocket and generously lathered John’s behind as he kissed him. His finger slipped inside him easily as John sighed into his lips.
“I don’t believe I have the time to go with you.
“Never mind,” he replied, following behind.
“Can I drop you somewhere?” he asked as the cab pulled up alongside.
Think ‘mental representation’ is a descriptor I’d prefer but if you want ‘figment’, then alright – and of course I have. Or haven’t, as the case happen to be, because this is still you, all the way through. John’s not really here. He’s still waiting for you out on the other side of your brain to sort this mess out so we can move on with life, together. You do have the idea, though, and therefore, so have I.
“Favourite?” he asked, looking up at Sherlock.
Look at what, exactly?
“You do realise how many Alphas I’ve had to deal with, yeah? Not just in the military or the harem.” It was framed as a question but not an accusation or a dismissal of Sherlock’s findings, which was oddly comforting.
He felt the forehead retreat but also felt another kiss to his nose, then, just before the other straightened back up fully, he got a kiss on the lips. One which he returned.
“And you’re just going to walk away from…from me without so much as an explanation? The actual hell, Sherlock?” The anger was definitely more pronounced in his voice as was the disbelief but there was…was that a trace of hurt in there, too?
Perhaps he ought to just ask, eh? That would be a novel experience in all this, wouldn’t it?
The concert wouldn’t be until the late afternoon, when it could be reasonably expected the parents of the children from both schools would be off work and come see their progeny perform. That also meant they could make more of an event of it, which roughly about half the school was excited about. The other half either groaned their annoyance or stayed silent.
He’d made some comment about John’s horribly noble doctor soul at that and John had been about to cuff him for it, until he saw the half smile and the corners of eyes creasing. Then he downgraded it to a light swat.
He picked up the bottle of wine he’d brought for emphasis. Sherlock didn’t say anything. There was a logic to it, and he was just a tiny bit saddened that John hadn’t picked up on that.
Because it was the same. It was exactly the same and John was right. He wouldn’t have stood for it at all.
A small flame of shame burned in his chest at that, with the evidence of just what Sherlock had been willing to do to protect him right in front of him. On the other hand, it could be argued that until this point, it wasn’t as though the man, or dragon or whatever, had exactly displayed that he was willing to show, let alone capable of feeling such things. Quite the opposite, in fact.
Not that he had suffered for it, it seemed. Quite the opposite, in fact.
If only he’d admit it. No, wait, that wouldn’t actually make it better, but it’d certainly be more like Sherlock, bold as brass and uncaring in his admittance of his trespass. Not that he’d see it as a trespass, like as not, come to think of it.
But he only brought his fingers up to his lips, tapping them twice, as though that would yield an answer. Then he brought his hand back down to rest over his heart, pressing into the flesh.
That was the least they could do for her. Tessa’s mother, that was. Stepmother? Adoptive mother. Probably the best of them, as ‘other mother’ sounded…strangely sinister though that might just be his imagination let off the leash and grabbing onto everything it could.
And Sherlock would be proud to support him in whatever way he needed, just as he knew John would support him, physically and emotionally.
“Okay, yeah, that I can work with.”
Sherlock thought but didn’t voice out loud.
“Sorry.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He looked up from where he had buried his head, which turned out to be a little girl’s hair. Well, her hair and her shoulder.
He did, though, didn’t he? Book it or attempt to. The coat had been discarded in the bedroom and there were a few other things, including the smell of the doctor somewhere he’d rarely if ever been long enough to leave distinct marks, that gave clear clues he’d been treating Sherlock in his own bed and yet, when Sherlock had resurfaced, John had been trying to get out through the window, the brunet’s hands gripping his ankles to prevent him from doing so.
The consulting detective nodded, took a deep breath and looked down on his finger. John followed his gaze, and, unlike earlier, didn’t have to wait long.
“…I’m going to be raising three children, aren’t I?”
It fit. Better than a glove, as that was malleable while this was not and yet…
that it wasn’t pleased. Now that it sounded like he’d managed to overcome Mycroft – John fervently hoped that didn’t mean the death of the older dragon – and was closing the distance, it would stand to reason that he’d make some sort of noise. Either one of anger and danger or one of triumph and that it in any case would be something that could be easily heard.
“How eloquent.”
However, the brunet refused to budge, even though he was swaying just a little on his feet. “No.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“That I’m awake?”
John blinked, thrown. “The hell? Of course, I’m excited, you idiot! Why wouldn’t I be excited?”
There wasn’t time to dwell on that, though, or spend a lot of time explaining. If it meant keeping him safe, making sure he was alive and well and outside the influence of…
Granted, he hadn’t experienced that at any point leading up to this, worried though they’d both been, so it wouldn’t necessarily follow that he’d experience when they got physically close like that. On the other hand, it didn’t necessary follow that he wouldn’t, either, and after the time he’d had, they had had, he would be more surprised if things weren’t on a sort of hair-trigger wire, ready to tip over into something they were both desperately trying to avoid.
He tried again, with the same results. Frowning, he lifted his gaze to stare at the elder Holmes.
When she didn’t respond, John leaned down and kissed her on the cheek.
Sherlock’s face fell. He nervously played with his brandy snifter. “If you are having second thoughts, of course, I can arrange travel back to England.”
Victor stopped breathing as Sherlock watched his cappuccino colored skin turn to shades of deep pink.
John huffed out a nervous laugh. “I don’t want to do anything involving that place.” He shifted uncomfortably. “I don’t know if I can do anything.”
Sherlock was curled up on the bed in his clothes, sound asleep. John pulled off the man's shoes.
Sherlock rolled on his back as John lowered his head to take a tight ballock in between his lips. He flicked his tongue as Sherlock keened softly and buried his long, trembling fingers into John’s mussed up hair.
Sherlock sighed. "I've never...I'm..."
Sherlock paced the grass in front his partner. "He’s in that corridor," he muttered.
"What's wrong?" Sherlock demanded. He grabbed both of John’s hands and squeezed.
“Stop it.” He jerked away, but Brook held the bow to his neck.
Sherlock scrambled up the same way. He found Billy Wiggins stretched out on a long narrow ledge overlooking an overgrown garden. The roofline of the dorm hid the ledge from view, and several long, unkempt branches from old oak trees kissed the rim of the slab of stone.
“Sherlock Holmes.”
“You are a friendless junkie virgin who can't finish what he starts, so try, at least, to get this one, tiny, teensy little request right, for me. For the last fucking time, SAY IT LOUDER!”
Sherlock hesitated, but he’d had a shitty day, and he was so badly shaken up from it that he could barely bring himself to stand. He let Raibert help him up and bring him back to the bar, where the huge Scotsman muscled his way in, finding them both seats.
He made sure the curtains were drawn and the doors secured. He left water and a note on the bedside table, and set off on his own.
“Yes, I do,” said John. “My anger was misdirected.”
Dr. Brook draped his arm around Sherlock's shoulders and led him back to the door. Sherlock felt fingers lightly stroke the curls at his neck for breath of a moment. It sent an uncomfortable shiver down his body.
"I take him home!"
Sherlock smiled as he removed his hand.
John turned the page and began to read.
John was naked, his thick length half-erect and bobbing as he settled under the sheet. His tanned chest rippled a bit with defined muscle. His scar had faded to the point it was no longer pink and swollen but white and smooth. His shoulder hadn't bothered him in over a month.
“I’m going to be on your time.”
“Mine either,” grumbled Sherlock. “I’ve yet to win a chess game against Mycroft.”
“I saw you with the young woman.”
“I know you do, John.” Felipe rubbed his large hands wearily over his face. He motioned for John to sit with him on a small bench near a grove of trees. Once they were hidden, he took John’s hand and clasped it between both of his own.
“Ah,” William said. “I can’t stay in London, can I.”
221B Baker Street
John suddenly felt very, very tired, like he could sleep for years and never stir.
He slid the brace off and threw it aside, inspecting John’s open wounds. He then retrieved a dressing and wrapped the sores.
Sherlock leaned forward and earnestly whispered, "Then touch me. I want to feel you everywhere." He placed a chaste kiss on John's lips. "Only you."
Cursing the Time, the Place, the sense, the sin;
John knew he hated to be coddled because of his condition. He admired William’s grit and rarely heard the man complain, though he often had reason.
“What now?” he murmured. He tore open the envelope.
Sherlock, wedged between the two men, desperately searched for the bartender, but he was on the other side of the bar, tending to some rowdy uni boys.
“Getting out,” he answered. “A valet can’t bloody well be caught riding inside a carriage with his lordship. People will talk.”
“Si, senor?”
“What?”
Felipe watched as his sister smiled and fussed over the workers, pouring wine and basking in the praise the men heaped upon her food.
“You look like Father, the way you’re sitting,” observed Sherlock.
“He’s…” William managed, his voice hoarse. “Oscar Dzundza.”
John dared to glance up. Felipe glared back at him, his eyes shining with what John imagined was betrayal.
“Holmes,” he whispered. “Be prepared.”
“Billy,” John continued. “Stay with Mr. Holmes and see him safely to Rosenlaui.” He laid a gold coin in the young man’s hand. “You’ll get two more once he’s safely arrived.”
“Must we discuss such boring things,” scolded Irene. “I thought we might talk about the Spring festival.”
“You're welcome,” he said softly.
Felipe suddenly smiled, his warm, tender eyes looking at John like he was something rather special.
John swallowed.  “I assumed I'd go with you.”
It was his cane.
“I realised it was over for me too,” he said softly. “I lay there next to Bill and I thought about my mother and my father and how I’d ended up halfway across the world seeing things that I never dreamed of, like temples and mountains and camels. And it sounds strange now, but I remember feeling grateful.” He looked up at Sherlock, his eyes glassy, but he was determined not to cry. Not a tear spilled as he took a deep breath. “The next thing I remember is waking up in hospital with horrible pain in my shoulder. When I begged for relief the nurse said they’d run out of morphine so I suffered for days until I was finally shipped back in India.”
John smiled back at him, then scowled as he leaned back against one of the wooden posts.
“Sometimes,” John answered. “Other times he’d smoke his pipe and I'd write.”
Sherlock turned, and even in the low light, John could see he offered a small smile.
“Take it” Sherlock. He held out the memory stick.
“Sherlock!” he exclaimed in disbelief. “You look...”
He convinced John to come all the way to Cromwell by sending a car to pick him up. Mycroft had a car service on retainer to encourage Sherlock to visit their father while away at school: so far Sherlock had never used it. Using it to chauffeur John Watson across town so he could help him explore a secret passage was at least putting Mycroft's money to good use.
John nodded his head, catching his breath too. “Yeah. You?”
“Knew what?”
He turned to look at Mr Frank, who was looking expectantly down at the boy.
Sherlock moved to the foot of the bed. He glanced up at John and stuck out his pink tongue, licking the tip of John’s sex.
“You haven’t found his body,” he said again through gritted teeth.
Felipe’s smile faded a bit. He held John’s small hand up to his mouth. He kissed the back of it with care.
A silent beat passed between them.
John found Sherlock sitting at the breakfast table, his face buried in the paper.
William drank it down gratefully, sputtering and hacking. He soon calmed, however, and sat down, drained from his failing health and the day's activities.
Felipe paused.
“Out with it,” said Sherlock.
“How? Where has he been all this time?”
“This is the ‘64,” he said proudly, pulling out one of the chairs from the table and sitting. He stretched out his long legs and sighed in relief. “There’s only a dozen bottles left of this in all of the world.”
“Senor Watson! Necesitamos usted en el hospital! Vamanos!”
“Get your coat” he said, leaping off the couch.
John reared back with all his might and punched him hard in the jaw. The huge man landed with a thud back onto the muddy ground, and the doctor roughly picked him up again by the front of his jacket.
John nodded. “He’s seven feet tall, bald, a face only a mother could love.” He caught a glance of William’s battered neck, which was quickly swelling from the bruising, but William wasn’t complaining. “Come on, let’s get going. He can’t be too far ahead.”
*****
John fought his drunkenness and then sleepiness well into the evening. He finally drank some strong coffee, which kept him awake through service but ultimately kept him from a good night's rest. He tossed and turned for hours, and finally gave up. He quietly dressed and snuck down to the servant's hall. He polished boots and some silver. He then remembered the hall clock on the second floor was off, and he’d forgotten to tell Roberts. He silently climbed the servant's steps and entered the long hallway, stopping in front of the old German clock. He began setting it against the pocket watch he'd snagged from the butler’s office.
John awoke from the dream and sat straight up. For a moment, he had no idea where he was, but his body was as hard as a rock.
"Right, after..." Sherlock said softly.
******
Sherlock knocked on the door.
John moaned. He pulsed his hips gently as he gazed into Felipe's beautiful eyes.
"Just shut up and kiss me."
Sherlock’s eyes locked with John’s, apprehensive, curious, full of want and the need for approval. He obeyed, gripping himself carefully and moving his fist slowly up and down, stroking down into his testicles and back up again, then lightly squeezing and twisting.
Sherlock was hanging over the sink, rinsing his mouth out repeatedly.
John followed William out of the breakfast room, stopping him before he reached the stairs.
Sherlock had already written ahead for accommodations, but John was shocked to find they were not staying at a hotel but in an entire house that had huge doors that faced the beach. Sherlock tipped the driver and greeted the hostess who gave him the key to the front door.
Brook smiled sadistically. “Start counting again.”
John lived the next several months in one small corner of the flat. His routine was simple: Monday thru Thursday, clinic shift, drink, sleep. Friday thru Sunday, sleep, drink, sleep.
“What,” said Brook, “You more of a fist bump kinda guy?” He made a fist and pumped it into the air.
“What is it,” answered Sherlock, slumped in his chair with his lithe legs stretched out on the ottoman in front of him. The fire roared with heat, the flames dancing in the glass cup he held in his long, graceful fingers.
Instead, the young surgeon stubbornly glared at him from the steps of the train cart. He crossed his arms, digging in his heels.
“How have you been?” Felipe questioned. The words were carefully said, and it was obvious Felipe expected more than a shallow response.
Sherlock stole one more glance at the corridor, then reluctantly let John pull him back into the passageway.
********
John had shook his head. Somes things definitely hadn’t changed, he thought. Other things, however, were completely different.
“Come on, then,” John said kindly, patting him on the back. “I'll buy the first round.”
Irene glared at him. “I apologize for my brother-in-law, Doctor. He doesn’t share the spotlight well,” she said, turning to Sherlock. “What did you accomplish in Morocco, besides drink brandy and catch an infection?”
Sherlock stared back at him defiantly.
“Why not?” John admitted, his heart thudding in his chest.
John took a bite of egg and shrugged his shoulders. “I guess it just never came up,” he said.
“I haven’t decided to join the military. Not yet at least,” he said, shifting uncomfortably. He looked down at his knees. “I have to decide by December if I want to be an officer.”
Sherlock indeed remembered how to ride, as he easily approached the animal and mounted with ease. The two men rode for hours over the estate, taking in the blue skies and rolling hills, having fun mapping and pointing out the plots and ponds. They came to an open pasture near a creek and dismounted, letting the horses eat and rest in the field. John sat down on a nearby rock and pulled out his canteen and a sandwich. Sherlock eyed the food like he was a man starving.
John didn’t say much until they returned to Baker Street later that afternoon. Sherlock had managed to secure a small fortune for the surgery. He was about to retire in front of the fire for a smoke when John caught his hand.
“Sir, I can't -”
As the clients streamed into the upstairs apartment at 221B Baker Street, she tried to take notes. She found Sherlock’s lips were faster than her pen.
“Oh yeah?” John responded, as if indifferent. He wasn’t quite sure what William knew about Sherlock’s past, but he was done volunteering things.
John wandered uncomfortably to the front of the room near the fireplace. Dimmock quietly maneuvered up to his side.
John’s eyes flashed with the sudden permission, as he had no doubt been thinking of doing the same, but his lack of experience had caused him to hesitate.
“What happened?”
“Oh yes, m’lady,” answered John shakily. “I’m very familiar with it.”
John watched helplessly as the man brushed his palm along Sherlock’s fingers.
Suddenly, a loud whimper filled the room, making his heart stop. The bed shook underneath him.
Stay tuned for a continuation of this story called "The UnMaking of John Watson" to be posted by early 2017.
Sherlock threw up an elegantly gloved hand. “It won’t come to that.” His eyes bore into John’s. “But I will need your help.”
“Watson?” said his teammate, who looked extremely uncomfortable and ready to flee.
“Brisk. Did me good to work up a sweat.”
Sherlock leaned in and kissed John sweetly. The kiss lingered as their mouths refused to separate, their tongues touching and dancing between their swollen, wet lips. Sherlock moaned softly as he pressed his hands into John’s chest. He heard the rustle of John’s chest hair against the cotton. He tugged at the nightshirt just as John pulled away.
John teased him lightly at first, but slowly and gently slipped his middle finger inside. Sherlock began to stroke himself as John varied his caresses.
It would be a lie to say he had not been tempted to take Felipe's offer. John felt nothing but dread at the thought of returning home. He wasn’t sure how he was going to bear it. It was going to be the greatest challenge of his life, returning to service after tasting the life he’d always wanted.
But he felt it. It was faint, but William was alive.
He found Lestrade standing in the middle of the ward, water streaming off his helmet, looking as if he’d almost drowned.
The two men entered the small village apothecary that sat on the outskirts of Tangier.
John gasped.
“I can’t bear this any longer.”
“Well, that was a bit anticlimactic,” remarked John, shining his torch up the length of the brick. “This isn’t that old. Probably sealed up for insurance reasons.”
Sherlock scowled. “What are you still doing up?”
Sherlock took several deep breaths and let himself relax into John’s embrace.
“Alright love?” John whispered, his mouth ghosting along his pale temple.
John lowered his head. Felipe, realizing his hesitation, responded to the officer.
“Felipe, no…”
Yes, sorrow remained, but even his anger had dissipated. It was then he knew he could never go back.
“Lookup. Third painting on the left, two over.”
Breath catches in his throat as his peripheral eye registers a dark figure looming in the open door way. He swears he locked the door behind him.
Molly fiddled with her gloves. “Uh, yes, I realized I left my mobile on the desk,” she sputtered. “I’m so sorry, but if it’s not too much trouble….”
But it wasn't long before Sherlock abandoned John's aching cock for a firmer grip on the doctor's thick thighs. He forced John's compact body flat onto the table leaving leaving his round, delicious ass to be fucked mercilessly until Sherlock was coming inside him with a series of loud, guttural moans. John could already feel the bruises forming on his hips as Sherlock released his grip and slowly pulled out.
“We were more than flatmates,” William said.
“No Plan B?”
The doctor shook his head. “I was writing for my readers. I made him more dramatic, exaggerated his tendencies to use logic and reason over emotion.”
“Died? When?”
“Sherlock,” warned Mycroft.
Ahad looked confused. “I thought you knew.”
Indeed the duo had not slept a wink. They were up with the servants, Sherlock arranging a ride back to town while John penned a thank you note to the marquess. They had coffee and a proper fry up at a restaurant directly across from the Fidelity Trust and Savings building. As soon as the town square’s clock struck 8am, they strode into the bank and showed the key to the clerk and requested box number 4.
“What the -” whispered John, shining his torch inside the darkness, revealing the ancient spiraling staircase.
He had chastised William for manipulating him, but hadn’t he done the same? His idea that the former detective didn’t have to recall the memories of his previous life in order to be happy was sound in theory, but were his own intentions pure? If those memories stayed buried, did John’s responsibility end there?
“I still don’t understand why you all think Brook killed Carl Powers,” said John innocently.
? She dumped the teapot and began to scrub the insides, carefully wiping her tears as she worked.
“It’s forgotten,” John quickly replied.
“What should I do?”
Guilt, sadness and relief washed over him. He let the tears slide out of his eyes, blinking to stop the blurriness so he could still watch over the sleeping man before him.
He snapped the laptop shut and bounded down the stairs two at a time.
He suddenly fell forward onto John, his atrophied and malnourished body temporarily shutting down. John propped him back up and held him.
"You're one of the most brilliant minds in the country, Sherlock. You have a variety of professions to pursue." Mycroft moved his rook.
Felipe managed to compose himself.
As soon as the door was shut and locked behind them, clothes began to hit the floor. Sherlock wore more layers but somehow managed to be fully nude before John, who was, to be fair, gawking longingly at his lover’s impressively thicker frame.
“That I was the only one in the world.”
Sherlock picks up his violin and bow and begins to play.
“You know the dowager passed, John.”
“How long?” he said.
“John Watson, sir,” John replied. “Northumberland Fusiliers 5th regiment under the command of Captain Clinton.”
Sherlock turned away, his lithe body starting to shake nervously. He knew how bad it had to look; the swollen, red welts from the baton standing out prominently on his white skin, the swollen mark under his jaw a scarlet pock marring the landscape of his pale neck.
“Johnny,” said Mr Frank. “If you will meet me tomorrow afternoon right after school by the ice house, I will show you what a camel looks like.”
“You live in paradise,” he said. “God knows why you’d ever leave.”
“No, other violin,” he barked impatiently.
“At the age of three.”
He pulled him close and kissed him, his hands roaming his naked body as he grew hard against his stomach. John slowly awoke to his caresses, and immediately responded in kind, stroking and loving him with his hands and mouth.
He remembers the couch was soft as he laid his head down afterward. He remembers thinking how the room spun like that time he and Mycroft went to Disneyworld and rode the teacups.
John leaned back against his chest and ran his fingers through the man’s dark hair.
“I was wondering, well, had wondered from time to time,” stumbled John. “How is the medical school coming along? You’re probably up to what, 20-30 students by now?”
John got up too quickly and his book fell from his lap onto the floor. He hid it behind the end table and walked to the trunk, where he dug around for fresh towel and then stepped into the kitchen.
“So did you.”
"What if I poured us both a drink, I let you smoke - with the window open- and we look through the news for unsolved crimes."
A man suddenly sat down beside him. He patted John heavily on the back.
A string of pleading whimpers escaped John Watson's throat, slowing Sherlock's thrusts to a teasing grind. He finally took pity on the good doctor, wrapping his long, slender fingers around John's hot, slick cock. John released a long breath and shuddered as Sherlock fucked him and stroked him.
“I’m going to cut those bespoke trousers off of you one snip at a time.” Said John evenly. “Then I’m gonna bury myself so deep in you that you’ll wonder how I did it for days.”
John smeared his lover's pale hip with a wet, slick hand as he fucked him, this time as hard and fast as he dared. A low whine escaped his throat as he felt himself lose control.
It wasn’t a difficult decision. All it took was a telegram, a letter and amonth to process.
When pearle and flowers his faire haire enamels)
Felipe breathed heavily into John’s ear. “I love you, I love you, I love you,” he whispered.
He wiped the sweat from his brow as he felt a familiar, ominous presence in the room. He turned to find the locked door wide open with Brook in the doorway, tapping a large, wooden baton against his palm.
Lestrade gave John a knowing look. John blushed and looked away.
The terror in the room was palpable. Sherlock averted his eyes and looked directly ahead at his music stand.
“Pardon?”
Brook raised his eyebrows and giggled as the young man approached.
“I’m so sorry,” he whispered.
The Spaniard nodded and followed the doctor into the flat. He led him to his bedroom and sat the heavy bag down on the floor.
Sherlock dropped his pipe and stepped forward to take the letter, absorbing its contents quickly and handing it back to Donovan.
Sherlock trembled and shut his eyes, his cock twitching against his thigh. John dared to kiss him, tenderly, softly. Sherlock tried not to respond, but his mouth opened against his will, accepting John’s gentle tongue as he kissed and licked inside pink, parted lips.
He was surprised to find the title handwritten. In fact, it was all written in longhand and bound quite beautifully by a piece of silk string.
“I told him you were my assistant,” said Sherlock. “A medical student.”
The Golem coughed and sputtered, and then let out a howl that pierce the rain. At first the two men thought he was screaming in pain, until they saw his massive shoulders shaking.
“John-”
Deuda. Granja. 250,000 pesetas.
Sherlock didn't have a comeback for that one. He knew Mycroft was right.
He chuckled. “She would be disappointed.”
“I’m Dr. Watson uh, Yo soy John Watson,” he said too loudly. He winced at his own voice. “I’m a colleague, a doctora, el medico.”
An awkward silence passed. Then Sherlock, speaking barely above a whisper, asked:
“Of course m’lord,” said Mr. Roberts. The old butler nodded his head in respect. “And if I may say so, it’s good to have you home.”
He firmly pushed his large cock into the small, fluttering hole. Felipe pulled him down and kissed him hard as he continued to slide inside, until his pelvis was flush with the back of his lover's thighs.
John finally cleared his throat, and said, "I wanted to apologize for -"
Felipe paused, and nodded.
Sherlock, on the other hand, stood at the window, his hands behind his back.
John walked around the room sipping his tea and stretching his legs. He went to the window and looked out. He was thrilled to see young Siger, now fourteen, running along the grounds with Oliver, the tiny family bulldog.
Sherlock, shocked, wasn't sure what to do. John wasn't fighting back; in fact, by his disposition he seemed to be giving in to the giant's affections. He instead asked the obvious:
John smiled gratefully at Felipe. It had been a long time since he’d made someone laugh.
Sherlock didn’t protest as he sat up and turned around so John could assess the damage. He didn’t say anything for quite a while.
“Dr. Watson -” said Lestrade.
"And do you think that's all I want?"
“This alright?” asked John softly.
“Felipe?”
He turned to go back inside, when Felipe stopped him.
John took it with amazement. Molly gasped and smiled.
“It’s alright, lad,” he whispered. “It’ll be alright
Sherlock was mesmerized.
John left out the part where he steered every conversation away from any history he and Sherlock had shared. He kept that part locked away, figuring it was none of William’s business.
The visitors were seen coming up the long drive to Land's End. Since it was Mycroft’s first time greeting visitors as the official Earl, it was tradition for the servants to line up outside the entrance to welcome the guests.
The door slams shut with a loud BANG.  Sherlock drops the violin from his chin, out of breath, realizing there’s no more clapping, no more performance. Brooks is gone.
Of course, no one thought it unusual his valet came along.
“Baker street, actually,” she said.
Luckily, the old road was a well traveled thoroughfare, and he was offered more than one ride. He arrived in the village mid-afternoon, dusty but not too worn out. He found the recommended inn and rented a room, and after freshening up, set out to explore the tiny town.
"Oh John," he said, smiling devilishly. "We've only just begun."
John heard voices outside the room. He turned, letting his guard down for a just a moment, and that’s all Oscar Dzundza needed.
Another awkward beat.
William’s back was to him in the tub (thank god) so he hung the towel over the back of the nearest chair.
He just couldn’t get him to go anywhere.
“My condolences on your mother,” she finally said. “I’m sure her death has been very hard for you.”
“Sherlock…” John says, but Sherlock cuts him off with a long, deep kiss.
Chapter 1
John nodded, finally understanding. “What else?”
“Sherlock?” John croaked.
Sherlock’s large slender hand reached up, his palm gently cupping his cheek. “John,” he answered softly.
“You think so?”
Felipe pondered the question for a moment.
The rain had relented to the point it was only a mist.
The man crossed his arms. "You know who I am?"
“Sherlock?” Still no response. Sherlock lay quietly against his chest. “What happened in South Africa?”
John gave the man a slight smile. “That's right. And you’re the Spaniard.”
Anderson snorted. “Faking it this entire time, Watson?”
Sherlock suddenly spoke, his baritone filling the silence and forcing Mycroft and Roberts to turn around. “Are you the soldier who secured his safety in battle?”
Peter greeted them as they entered the small lobby.
“Yes?” Sherlock turned slightly towards her, eyes still staring out the window.
“But it’s your birthright,” Sherlock growled back. “You are the heir. You are the marquess of Berwick!” He hissed.
John kept it to himself that he’d also applied at the same hotel, and had been summarily turned down for the same position when he had returned from Afghanistan.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Shut up."
William nodded and swallowed loudly, his eyes falling shut. “I pretended it was me coaxing those moans from your lips, that it was my name you were shouting in pleasure.” He exhaled. “I touched myself for the first time that night. I hadn’t realize...I didn’t know it could be like that.”
“Where are we going?” said Molly, not quite knowing what to do with the tray.
Sherlock felt himself blush.  Liar.   “Ask me,” said Sherlock. “Anything.’
“Okay, well, I guess we can get going,” said John. “I hope you're okay with playing tourist for the day.”
Sherlock managed a small smile, and stroked John’s cheek with his palm. He covered his lover's mouth with his own.
“I’m going to make you come now,” whispered John. “There’s nothing you can do about about it.”
“Is that why you went to South Africa without me?”
He smiled at Felipe, who was now whistling as he drove the team, the wind blowing carelessly through his dark, silky hair.
He recognized the visitor immediately. Sherlock suddenly felt as if he were the one trespassing.
“I was a footman for the Marquess of Berwick, sir, training to be a valet,” said John.
Willam’s breath smelled sweet from the wine. His eyes glistened with a mixture of want and innocence, a combination John found deeply erotic, and that was before the man had conjured the image of touching himself to the sounds of his and Felipe’s lovemaking.
“But -”
“Where did he go?” he demanded angrily.
He landed hard on his behind, bruised by what he thought was a small stone. When he pulled it from the ground, it was something else entirely.
It was then he smelled the smoke.
The director entered the room and stepped up onto the block and rapping his baton against his music stand.
"-Show me your rudiments," Brooks snapped, cutting off the young musician mid-sentence. He clapped his hands slowly, moving about the room, back and forth, back and forth.
Suddenly a pale glow ahead of them made them both curious. As they approached, light poured from a grate in the passage’s ceiling. All the more curious, the passage abruptly ended a few meters just ahead.
“Start practicing harder, Holmes,” said Brook. “Reichenbach. Once more from the top.”
“I'm extremely grateful for the kindness bestowed upon me upon entering this household,” he said humbly. “I know this has been a tremendously difficult time for you, and there is no doubt that your support is the reason I am still with you.”
“I think you need a lesson on privacy,” panted John.
Sherlock was on his feet in a flash. He tried the opening the desk drawers, but they were locked. No paperwork littered the desk. Nothing was in the rubbish bin. Sherlock dropped back down into the passageway within minutes, careful to pull the grate back in place behind him.
“You're not ready,” said John. “You've been ill. I hurt you once. I won't be careless again.”
“When did this happen?” murmured Felipe, briefly stroking John's wound.
“Did you read the book?”
“I hate to impose, John. Tell me if I am. But I would be most appreciative if you would continue with your practice here for the time being.”
Sherlock, who had witnessed more salacious scenes in his short 18 years, found his face hot and his body flooded with fire. He found he couldn’t avert his eyes. Sherlock was a master at observing detail, but he wasn’t a voyeur. This was new. He leaned against the building off to the side, out of view, and watched the two lovers, who were blissfully unaware of their audience of one.
Mr. Thomas’s face looked positively stricken.
Mrs. Turner emerged with Mr. Thomas from the bedroom.
John laughed. “You’re one to talk.” John pulled Sherlock close and kissed him.
The words had echoed in John’s head for weeks.
Sherlock appeared next to him, soaking wet.
“Don't envy me for what?” said John warily. He’d had enough emotional upheaval to last him for the rest of his life.
“Oi, you can fix us a meal then! Never claimed to be much of a cook.”
He leaned in, keeping his voice as low as he could over the whistle of the train. “If I marched in there and demanded the title, our lives would be like one of your specimens under a microscope.”
The young surgeon leaned forward and kissed him sweetly.
“You must tell me about the new procedures you are performing in my theater. Please, both of you join me in the library as we await dinner.”
They sat down to a meal of cold meats, fruit and beer. They ate in silence for several moments.
A surprise knock at the door had Sherlock immediately shouting from his bed.
“Thank you so much,” said John, taking his wages and the food. He kissed the housekeeper and the cook goodbye and walked out of the hall, only to be stopped by Mr Thomas.
That evening, the two men sat by the fire as Mrs Turner served them tea. William was resting, but muffled coughing still emanated periodically from the bedroom. It was a good sign.
“No, no I -” Molly said shakily.
"I did,” John said defensively. “But I think I was a little worried about with whether you liked it."
“That’s not mine,” said John.
“The falls?” asked John, intrigued, as he pulled off his long coat and hung it up next to the door.
All at once he felt safe and desired. When John kissed him, touched him, whispered to him, his mind finally quieted down. All of his keen senses welcomed John's smell, his touch, his breath. A hand grazing the slope of his hip, a soft nibble on his ear drove him mad.
“He’s an arsehole” said Wiggins, sitting up.  “He’s nobody.”
“Ah, my collection! What do you think?”
"This is boring me. I don't want to talk about it," he commanded, turning around abruptly, splashing water all over the floor, and settled onto John's chest.
“I hope you will understand that her agreement with the family is now void,” she said matter-of-factly.
Brook turned and glided out of the room, slamming the door behind him.
John glanced at the operating room and turned back to Felipe.
Felipe nodded sympathetically.
“What do you see?”
“Don't stop,” he whispered. “I want to see you.”
“Es ist an Zeit, Ihre Elemente zu studieren,” Sherlock would command.
“Yes, I know,” he said impatiently. “But was your performance lacking? Did she give you a reason other than your mother’s passing?”
"Indeed." Sherlock cocked an eyebrow. “Does it put you off?”
Wiggins whipped around as Professor Brook approached the two young men. Sherlock scrambled to his feet. Brook placed a hand on the young musician’s neck.
Anderson took a breath as Brooks clapped him off.
Victor shook his head in confusion. “What do you mean?”
“Yeah, it's completely fucked,” John said softly. “I've done things I'm not proud of either, Sherlock. Lots of things." John suddenly looked very sad. He took Sherlock's hand into his and squeezed.
John nursed her through days and nights of it, but her poor body finally gave out. She drew her final breath not six weeks after Sherlock had disappeared into the falls.
Sherlock swallows louder than he mean to. He can’t stop his bow-hand from shaking.  "I stopped playing because, um, I thought -"
“Mycroft is working on it as we speak. He hasn’t forgotten.”
“You knew, John, you were just being unreasonably stubborn in refusing to admit it.”
“There has to be a way to work around his dragon nature…no, that’s not it. There has to be a way to, to…to work with it, not against it. Something that will assuage it, somehow, turn it into something manageable, for good. You must do it, for one.”
Shut up. Shut UP!
That rather summed up a lot of it, didn’t it?
John blinked. Then he narrowed his eyes only to open them wide, all in a determined effort to make some sort of sense of what he was seeing, and even so, it didn’t compute.
John had flushed, embarrassed at having his financial situation and his attempts to deal with them laid out like that, and out in public, too.
Looking back at Moriarty, the lack of reaction from John hadn’t gone unnoticed. Whether it had angered or pleased him wasn’t clear to see, however, and it might even have done both because there was something dangerous in those brown depths, more so than usual.
but I get it. You haven’t exactly been in control.”
That said, Sherlock wasn’t too keen on still being interesting to the other, even though the degree of interest had thankfully lessened considerably in the intervening years.
“When you soar, the risk of falling out of the sky to your death is very real.”
“Well, see you,” he said as he hefted his backpack better onto his shoulder and changed his grip on the guitar still in his hand. Was there an awkward tone to his voice? No, surely not.
John smiled softly. “You’re welcome. Now, let’s get you nice and presentable again, shall we? It won’t do to scare off potential clients, now will it?”
“I’m perfectly aware of that!” Mycroft snapped back. “As well as I am of his continued inability to shift back, despite the apparent somewhat greater state of consciousness. There may be something else preventing him from shifting back, too, but to be able to assess that with certainty, we need to be certain that no other factor is interfering and eschewing the data.”
That wasn’t to say he didn’t mean it or that it wasn’t worth it. Because it was.
“No, there’s just a very significant deadline, which is an actual deadline.”
Sherlock couldn’t work out whether the anger in the voice was part of the fear and desperation or whether it was a separate entity. That difference mattered only in the sense of one fighting the other or instead, one would fuel the other, creating a more uncertain situation.
Shifting his hand to the forehead, he felt for a fever. Nothing. Then he checked the pulse as he’d done before. It was faster than it ought to be for his state, but it was steady. Except…there. A few extra beats that shouldn’t be there.
And he had failed that. Fallen at, if not the first hurdle, then at least the second.
The teacher moved closer. “Sherlock, I’m not trying to interrogate you or make you responsible. I’d merely like to know whether something’s happened to him.”
Furthermore, it was written in French.
An image of Sherlock, age five, crying and pleading with his brother to find his otter for him, flashed across his mind. Yes, that was what they were for, fixing things and helping, even when they were told they weren’t needed.
Which meant that it was not a single-instance occurrence. That there were more indicators that they were far from being good people or at least, that they were engaged in some rather unhealthy activities in their marriage and especially in the raising of a daughter, regardless of who she was.
He pressed send, paused, then added, ‘Or if you know where you might’ve seen it last.’
Silence reigned for a moment, two. Then, John spoke quietly.
In any case, John had very little chance of making it out of this as himself, if any chance at all.
He did, however, take some definite enjoyment in the small gasps that was very evidently both ones of wonder and quite involuntary and unable to be stifled.
At the same time, Sherlock wasn’t exactly keen on him moving, it seemed, not if it seemed like he was moving away. What to do?
Sherlock blinked, feverishly trying to remember whether you were supposed to say anything specific after something like that, or just generally what you were supposed to do.
For all that Sherlock and John knew just what kind of a man Moriarty was, Tessa regarded him positively. Uncle Jim, she’d called him, after all. Should he come snarling at the smaller Alpha, then, or otherwise behaved outright antagonistically, which his instincts shouted at him to do – in point of fact, they practically screamed at him to lash out and tear the other’s throat out with his bare hands for daring to hurt his family like that – it would likely traumatise the poor child.
I know this is a bit on the short side but it's either this or the next one that's going to end up like that and this fitted better as the shorter one. Apologies. Hope at least it's been a little bit interesting, it certainly was to write, and that it's starting to answer a question or two and possibly raise some good new ones.
Regardless, the timing truly was horrendous; in the middle of first the moment where everything in a case clicked into place, where it was rather buried in the rest of the rocketing thoughts, then back again, refusing to be budged this time, when he was in the middle of a quite simply astounding explanation of what and how this crime had been committed.
No. John wasn’t his. John wasn’t anyone’s. He wasn’t a possession, a part of a hoard and nothing more. John was and always should be his own brave, stubborn, kind, temperamental, loyal man who could think for himself. Sherlock valued those things in his friend greatly, even if he never said it, and never wanted them taken away.
It was a cot. Well, to be perfectly accurate, it was a whole nursery display, which was only to be expected seeing as it was in fact a baby shop he stood in front of. Quite a high-end one, too, judging by the muted tones and ‘class’ of what they’d put in there, not to mention the scarcity of items.
He immediately stopped and, not quite consciously, began to mutter soothing nothings. When the keen after a little while subsided back into its previous level, which was thankfully lower and weaker than when he’d started the brushing, he carefully started to work again, the mutterings continuing to issue from his lips.
At the same time, something inside him lit up, like a fire gone down to embers which had been given another log, and burned quietly but strongly, not about to flicker out or even fade anytime soon.
Tessa moved closer, her small frown deepening. She didn’t look annoyed or angry, though, or impatient because she didn’t understand.
Provided the hadn’t smashed it either, of course.
Sherlock?”
“Fairy tales are purely stories meant to teach life lessons to the uneducated.” Sherlock moved closer to him. “I don’t blame you because I know that was what you had to do in order to survive, and even if it wasn’t, I still wouldn’t. Blame and judgement are utterly useless endeavours, at the best of times.”
of it, did it? “Properly, too – threatened to force me to stay for the Easter holiday and tell my parents I still smoke.”
More than that, he could feel it reverberate inside of him, lending him focus and strength even as he gave it his attention and energy.
“I…I don’t know, actually. Think it’s a toss-up. He knew where I was, which seems to be something he needs to know for his dragon side or whatever it is that’s playing up. But at the same time, I was probably a reminder that he needed to be careful and in control still, despite gaining the upper hand, in a very tangible way. No, not probably. Definitely. He didn’t sleep all the time, after all. Don’t know for certain if he wasn’t awake for most of it, honestly, after you called that time.”
He didn’t say as much but the minute pause in his speech and the biting of the inside of his lip as he paused told their own story. Especially when taken in conjunction with the length of time his wife had apparently stood chatting with them, quite amiably.
John was trembling, the vibrations of it barely noticeable only because it was clear, in particular through the hand still in his bond mate’s, that he was suppressing it as hard as he possibly could.
“Is that what Moriarty’s done, ignored it?”
His thoughts and the fierceness with which he thought them would have to fill in for anything he could say out loud. That way, he didn’t risk Tessa being alerted to anything.
“And I’ve succeeded in hurting him, as well,” he said after a lengthy pause. His voice, though not changing in volume or pitch, had a slightly haunted undertone to it now, at least to John’s ears.
He watched John open his mouth to argue, hesitate and frown, then close it again with just a bit of a clack.
Another crash sounded from the bedroom and the erroneous thought of ‘there shouldn’t really be more to crash in there’ flitted through his mind. However, it also brought his focus back more fully on what was possibly unfolding in there and the fact that at any minute, it could spill out into the passage and further, put the danger closer to him.
Even so, they must have registered that he looked, as the curtain tweaked to look swung back just as he looked up.
So, he concentrated instead on getting undressed as quickly and efficiently as he could. This wasn’t the time for teasing or even alluring reveals, and to be honest, he didn’t so much as look at the Alpha as he got undressed, too, the dressing gown thrown on over black slacks and a dark blue shirt.
When he did resurface, though, he quickly closed the, thankfully small, distance John had just recreated between their faces to plant an answering kiss on the doctor’s lips.
That ought to bother him but to be honest, it hadn’t for a little while. About the same amount of time the thought of being alone at 221B again
Mycroft considered him for a moment, eyes narrowed. Then, without a word, he inclined his head very slightly, which, for the man, was probably as good as he’d get it.
So, Sherlock chose to play along with the little non-joke.
John spluttered. Or rather, he felt he ought to have spluttered. Instead, all he did was sigh, and pinch his nose. At this rate, he could have moulded his nasal region into a very distinguished roman nose.
“No. No, it was – he said something about taking care of each other and lonely couples in the neighbourhood. Does that make any sense to you?”
Another try and it was evident that he was getting beyond the point where it could reach, the continued extension of the rope – considering what it was based on, he didn’t need to see it to know that it was spreading – assisting in that regard.
Shut up!
John stifled a yawn. “Any particular reason you’re so keen on contacting me at this…well, I don’t even know what time it is, but…”
The Baker Street couple discover some odd movements on John's bank account, which might reveal something important, and Mycroft gets a delivery that's both helpful and very unwelcome.
Try as he might, there was something there that he couldn’t get a handle on. That kept slipping away from him when he tried to get a proper grasp on it.
That wasn’t to say that he was always afraid of triggering a reaction, only that it was one step at a time right now.
Sherlock settled for remembering to take pictures.
“The question remains of why. Not that it matters because I am not doing it. I will not risk your life again.”
John rubbed at the point between his eyebrows hard. At this rate, he wasn’t going to get any sleep, due to a massive headache. He wasn’t sure they had any pills left, either.
Just because he’d felt bad in the clothing store and was currently experiencing a stronger version of that – in fact, it wasn’t merely that, but he wasn’t quite ready to admit that to himself just yet – didn’t in any way mean that that was just how it would be and he should accept it.
Perhaps he didn’t want to at all, happy in what they had. Strictly speaking, it wasn’t as though much would change if they were husbands rather than boyfriends. Not on a day-to-day basis. Legally, there were some things that would change, of course – being allowed to visit when one or the other had landed himself in hospital without having to bully their way through was one that sprang immediately to mind – but otherwise, they lived much as they always had, before they had become a couple, even. What was to say it would be different if they both wore a ring? Or if it did change, change for the better. There were some rather worrying, if tedious, statistics on the subject, after all.
Recognised it as one of his own demons. The ones he’d thought under lock and key down in the basement, the ones which had clawed at him on his way up out of his mind.
Not that it mattered. Late or early, before or after the performance, Mycroft would find a way to get his jabs in, making sure that they hit straight and true in the way only a sibling can truly master. That said, there was no reason to give him the opportunity more than once.
Sherlock looked a little confused, his brow wrinkling. “You know I value your input – “
“I do not know how to treat his wounds!” It probably ought to worry the blond just how much reaction he was getting from the other man but in the current situation, he didn’t spare it a thought.
But what if he couldn’t control himself? That those thought would begin to seep in despite all his efforts and take root? How could he defend not cutting ties and making sure that John was safe, from him, before it sidled in and it was too late?
Though Sherlock would undoubtedly disagree, the fact that the ginger had been this adamant about getting hold of him definitely pushed it into the realm of importance, not to mention that of worry. Why exactly was it so important?
Normally, it was locked away so nobody would feel the need or desire to mess with it and thereby him. It was one of the very few things he’d asked Mycroft for help with, and his brother had given it without question, ensuring nobody could break open its box.
He’d have to hand it to the Beta woman, though. While she congratulated them on both their bond and their upcoming child – “I’m old, dears, not blind or anosmic” – and then went on to chatter about how she’d wanted kids when she was young, there was something in her eyes when she looked at him a few times over the course of the visit that clued John in she wasn’t quite as not-in-the-know as she and they both pretended but that she’d been more than fine with it.
The best they could hope for was that the person who bought them was a nice person and that really was wishing on a star. Theoretically, it could happen, but you had better not make plans around it.
“What? No!” Now the discomfort and pleading had transformed into something resembling the pleading he’d had when they’d first gotten back to the flat and he’d tried to explain himself. “I told you, I don’t collect humans, neither living nor dead.”
He pulled away from the hug, gently and only enough so that he could look John in the eye.
“You mad bastard,” he said, and his voice came out hoarse and crackling but fit to bursting, nevertheless, with delight and warmth and love. “You utter mad bastard. Is this what you’ve been so worried about the last month?”
John instinctively tensed as he edged further back on the windowsill, ready to make a jump for it just in case there really was going to be genuine, physical fire as the end result. The railings ought to be able to withstand heat long enough for him to drop the last bit of the way out.
The implications of that sank in for John, thankfully quickly, and he blinked once before his lips spread in a positive beam.
John froze at that. “Right. I’m taking the floor, then.”
“I think you said…something about it, when you were talking to Sherlock, but I can’t remember the details for the life of me.”
But with any luck, they would have Tessa back with them long before that and though she was older and therefore could be told ‘no’ or other admonitions, she was still only a child.
Sherlock winced at the words, something which, again, didn’t seem right for him to do. He tugged at his hands again, this time with enough force to get them out of the doctor’s hands. That meant his claws bit into soft skin before they disengaged, not quite drawing blood but certainly rising welts.
He’d had to admit that when he first met Moriarty, through his handiwork rather than in person, he had been rather intrigued by him. That had blossomed to full-blown fascination for the man, at least for a while. It wasn’t fair to say that it had lasted until they’d met in person, because that smacked of a ‘never meet your heroes’ moment that he didn’t much care for, and which wasn’t true.
‘Excessively. Always – SH’
Is three weeks alright? I've worked really hard to get this out, sorry it's not earlier or longer. Thank you for all the kind feedback you've given me. It still makes the world of difference.
“Right. Okay.” He smiled. “Well, I’ll see you later.”
Therefore, it came as a little bit of a shock when the blond took a deep breath, then another, and said, “Her name is…Tessa.”
“Your gun.”
Despite the fact that he was looking at himself, in a form that he had been familiar with since birth, possibly more so than his human one for the first many ears, to be faced with it like this, without the barriers of physical limits, regardless of the magic, the sheer
John rose back up onto his feet, having to steady himself a little, confirming his thoughts that he was still tired.
For the moment, it felt as though so long as he had hold of John’s hand, then nothing could go wrong or be the matter. That everything would be alright then. It was nonsense, of course, and he knew it. However, that did not alter the feeling or diminish it in any way.
Again, I need to ask - would you rather I about wrap it up about now?
After a moment or two, another text chimed its arrival. ‘Is Sherlock awake?’
And yet…this was definite, unequivocal enthusiasm.
In the back of his mind, he couldn’t help but wonder whether he’d find it wrapped up and sent when he returned to Baker Street. Not because he thought Sherlock had followed him. He did trust the man to mean it when he did things like…allowing him out had the wrong ring to it but whatever the benevolent version of it was.
But it might be if John said no or otherwise rejected it.
“Not really. Something that doesn’t hurt to look at?” He got a nod and the staff member was about to run off when he remembered something. “Hang on.”
Anything that would help was appreciated.
Where then had it come from?
To be honest, that had been almost sneering and at least at some level antagonistic because Mycroft had reminded him of…of a certain type of Alpha in general, actually, and more concretely, many of the Alphas that frequented the harem, though with more hair and less of a gut than most, whatever Sherlock might argue.
He scoffed at the notion but nevertheless, he didn’t return to what he’d been doing. Instead, when he closed his eyes it was to check, certain in the knowledge that it was just a stray bit of instinct that didn’t like knowing, at all times, acting up.
“Sherlock, that wasn’t the reason – “
He had to take a breath at that. Sherlock stayed quiet, allowing as much of it to come out as John wanted to divulge.
“No, I suppose you’re not,” Sherlock remarked, just a tad absently.
He would face it, though, and not hesitate. Whatever had happened had happened and they would take it from there.
He most certainly hadn’t been very good at it in the ambulance that time, had he? He had up until that point, granted, had divided up what needed to be done together with John and –
Even Sherlock’s brain, vast and curly enough to resemble a collaboration between M.C. Escher and Rube Goldberg, with the caveat that it actually worked, shied away from the implication of that.
Sherlock felt his heart give a small skip and a jump at that, and another skip was engendered by the smile directed his way, both on lips and in blue eyes.
So, calling Mycroft it was. Not only for that, obviously – and good grief, he was genuinely about to call his best friend and boyfriend’s older brother to learn, among other things, how best to facilitate their first time together, which still was weird even after everything – but for that, too.
The window slid open and he was up and sitting on the sill before he’d gotten it all the way up.
“Clearly there isn’t, or you wouldn’t be holding the watch as if you’re about to show me just how it’s going to save me hundreds of pounds, if only I buy this once in a lifetime opportunity timekeeper.”
Though he tried to console himself with that as he lay there, he couldn’t help the unpleasant thing’s further slight expansion as it sunk another notch.
His will. His…his love
He’d been about to mention it- in actual point of fact, he’d been about to shout it at the Alpha when it had happened again – when he’d seen Sherlock’s expression and it had hit him, hard.
plenty of danger in his life, had lived in some sort of danger for the majority of his adult life. For crying out loud, he was living through danger right now, several of them at once, in fact, all layered on top of one another like the most horrible type of trifle ever devised, and he wanted more than anything for them all to just about piss off and leave him, and his family, alone.
And this was anything but the time for him to think about such things, let alone to any kind of more complex consideration!
But it was evident that they did need those appointments, if they were to make sure two babies growing in a body that’d been through the ringer and suffered bond deterioration made it to arrival, and despite the posh appearance, he found himself trusting the midwife almost completely, only the wariness, cultivated through sheer need, he always carried with him marring that, and even then, only a little.
"Not eating for three yet,” John said as he swallowed another bite himself. “If I eat this lot, I’m only going to end up with a stuffed stomach and trouble down the road. Go on, two slices won’t hurt you.”
Often enough, it seemed those Omegas, when they had offspring, treated all the children as their own and were all ‘mother’ to them all, with relatively, surprisingly little issue. At least, no more so than sprung up in all relationships.
--------------------
“Yes.”
“Let’s have a proper dinner,” Sherlock said quietly. His cool hand wrapped around John’s warm one. “Would you like that?”
Felipe was up and out of his chair before John could properly pay the check. They shook hands once again. Felipe gave him a half-hearted smile.
The lights were bright on the stage as the orchestra walked out to take their seats. Everyone stared at Sherlock as he took his place in front of the band. Brook leaned forward and whispered into his ear.
“Well, you sit down now, and have a cuppa,” Mr. Thomas insisted. “Oh, this is a miracle! Johnny Watson, home again at last!” He sat down next to him and said eagerly,. “We’ve got some catching up to do.”
“What the hell are you talking about?” he said, gasping.
Mrs. Hudson chuckled. "I don't know. There are other things in life to care about. Friends, romance, children." She stopped and smiled at both Mycroft and Sherlock. "It's just life. At my age, you get perspective."
The thought that Sherlock may no longer have memories of comfort filled John with a sudden, intense sadness. What does one do, in times of loss and distress, when your mind is no longer a familiar place?
William closed his eyes for a brief moment, as if savoring the words.
John was relieved beyond words when Agnes took care of all of the arrangements. After the funeral, he helped her pack up her older sister’s belongings.
“I will. John? Again, congratulations. I’m happy for you.”
The room was empty and dark, except for the moonlight pouring through the windows, and a large display of batons backlit along a wall.
“Fancy seeing you here, Mr. Thomas,” said John. “I’d assumed you’d returned to Berwick for the summer.”
“When did you start playing?”
Sherlock looked up, his eyes wide with shock. “You do?" He swallowed. “How?”
“Victor,” answered Sherlock. He played with John’s hands absently as his mind wandered back to his days as a British spy. “Our affair lasted two years. He was with the Russian army.”
He buried his nose and lips into Sherlock's long, graceful neck. He breathed in his scent and the smell of sex as he released into the man he loved more than anyone. He held onto him as he slowly came back down to reality, feeling vulnerable and protective at the same time. His lips lazily grazed Sherlock's cheeks, lips and forehead before he inadvertently collapsed on top of him.
He packed what little he had in a small bag that had belonged to his mother. He thought if he kept moving and not thinking, he would make it out of the house before he completely fell apart.
Mr. Frank shook his head. “I don't know, lad. I don't know.”
Dimmock closed the door behind him. John stood in the large, airy room, taking in the reality of the moment. He then stepped through the connecting doors and knocked. When Sherlock didn't answer, he walked on in.
He flung himself forward, but stopped as Felipe’s voice rang out, just barely audible over the rainstorm.
"I guess we both came in our pants."
“So, well, how have you been?” he asked.
“What?” asked John.
Sherlock’s eyes skimmed over John Watson’s wide-necked jumper thrown over his sweaty shirt clinging to his sturdy shoulders, his powerful thighs filling out the tight rugby shorts, a glimpse of skin on his flat abdomen as he bended forward to tie his shoelace. Sherlock chuckled. “Actually, he is a pretenious arsehole. Excellent observation.”
*************
Brook reached around Sherlock and picked up his bow with the broken string. He twirled it lazily around in a circle. “Victor turned out to be so ordinary.”
“If you'd been with me, if I hadn't have stormed off-" John swallowed hard. "I know my cousin. I told him you were off limits, no matter what, and he still took what he wanted.”
A long silence hung in the humid air between them.
He paused to catch his breath, then turned and bounded up the three flights of stairs to his room.
“Welcome everyone,” he said. “I see some familiar faces, I see some new faces. We are here first and foremost to learn from me, from the music, and from each other. To become the master not only of our one instrument, but of becoming one with the orchestra as a whole.” The director raised his baton. “So let’s begin. Scales please. ”
The two men struggled as John tried to force William back to his feet. William pushed back as John stood, and his chair toppled over, taking his wine with it. The glass shattered as John grasped Willam’s forearms together, the younger man still on his knees as John towered over him.
Sorry for only one chapter. I've been ill and decided to rework something in the final part. To post asap
Then they both realised that they weren’t quite as secluded and private as they could’ve wished. Not that the whole room was staring at them or anything as overly dramatic but most of the immediate vicinity had turned to stare at them, the inherent human interest in other people’s wellbeing, otherwise known as being bloody nosy busybodies, coming out in full force.
John nodded then paused to seriously consider the question, as he knew he had to before he gave his Alpha an answer. He owed that to them both…to all five of them, really. Christ, that was suddenly a
“Why should there be anything wrong?”
He was so thin, skin pasty, prominent cheekbones exacerbating the gaunt patches along his jawline. His hair was so slick with oil that his curls had disappeared.
John shook his head. “Who?”
“Be a good lad and raise your leg up for me,” said John quietly.
“You’re joking.”
“We’ve got a squeaker today, people. Sherlock Holmes.” He drew out Sherlock’s last name like a purring cat. “Eighteen years old. Isn’t he cute?”
“Sorry,” he whispered, embarrassed.
“We’ll begin with Mrs Tupplebottom. She obviously has motive.”
“I’m an invert.”
“Your consuming entirely too many sweets. Drink your tea.”
“John, stop it.”
Raibert smiled, and looked down at himself. He cocked an eyebrow at Sherlock, and leaned in, whispering. "Aye. But when you're done practicing with the ponies, this stallion is always ready for a ride."
In just a few short strides they entered around the grounds that made up the Tower of London.
“You forgot this,” he said, his eyes sparkling. “But I don’t think you’ll be needing it anymore.”
John felt like his heart was breaking in two. Felipe drew him close and kissed his forehead tenderly.
Sherlock pulled away from him, and with purpose, tucked his violin under his chin, his elbow raised, his bow poised to strike.
“Yes, m’lord,” answered John, trying to control the emotion in his voice. “My deepest apologies.” John continued to look down at the ground. His entire face and neck were bright pink and his jaw was set in embarrassment.
Blindsided by his apathy, John Watson simply blinked, releasing the welled-up tears down his cheeks in streaks. He let go of Sherlock’s hands and wiped his face with the back of his shirtsleeve.
He gave himself a reassuring nod in the mirror, about faced, and snuggled back in under the covers.
“Precisely, John.”
The grass and plants surrounding the section of the ledge were crushed and ripped.
“Later,” John promised, his own voice more than a smidgeon deeper.
“Why – for the same reason I would never have thought you interested in a relationship in the first place, among others.”
he thought, all the rest of it still pushed into the back of his mind quite firmly.
It wasn’t his old military-issued gun, of course, but it was still a weapon that he knew how to use.
Who was John Watson now?
To be fair to the Beta as well, he didn’t merely look genuinely terrified and traumatised at what he had experienced, he smelled that way, too. Something which was almost impossible to fake, even though there were plenty of companies who specialised in providing products that could do just that for their customers. Claimed to, at any rate.
At his minimal response, as it were, something flickered in the blond teen’s eyes and his expression turned momentarily odd again.
“I couldn’t just have been woken by a noise or had had enough sleep by that point?”
“I don’t need much sleep.”
That could go for the clothes, too, couldn’t it?
The harem wasn’t somewhere you could leave. Not on your own accord and in reality, once you were in, the only way you got out was death or being assigned a more private cage. They had grown close in ways that didn’t happen in the military. A life-and-death situation in a warzone breeds a different environment than a building housing a group of people physically and mentally used and, more often than not, abused and clinging onto each other to make it through somehow, even though it wasn’t going to end.
“I… “Sherlock began then stopped to genuinely consider. “Perhaps I was…a little. As I recall, though, the circumstances weren’t exactly the best in which to learn that.”
Did any of that even make sense? Come on, there had to be some sort of energy left inside that he could take from. Any kind of well – bloody hell, it wasn’t as though he hadn’t had
Moriarty wouldn’t have. He had a demon on both shoulders, after all, and so there would be nothing to clash with the dragon and its desires. Either they would be entirely in agreement or they’d be in the kind of competition that only builds each other up further.
No, not quite the last thing. The odd array of emotion playing across John’s face was quite vivid, too, as was the clenching of his heart at that. That last one did swirl just slightly, though – was that when he’d begun to lose consciousness?
Something else clicked into place in his mind at that. Something that Mycroft had said. Or rather, had demanded an answer to, one which John was unable to give, and then clarified on what he’d meant.
“Who would send you money?” Sherlock asked, mumbling ever so slightly. “It wouldn’t be your sister, as she wouldn’t have the means, even if you were on speaking terms, your parents are no longer alive, and there are no relatives still living or recently deceased that you’ve been close enough to that they’d leave you that kind of money, either as a present, monetary aid or inheritance.”
“A – “John had begun, his hand in Sherlock tightening in a spasm. “And I’m not going to ask how you know about that, that thing. No.”
John didn’t stop her, even though it was evident he wanted to, his free hand twitching and the one in Sherlock’s making a jerking, hard squeeze. Nor did he say anything.
If she would have him, he would very much like to be there for her.
“Not right after, though?” he asked, gently, and saw Sherlock’s eyes widen a little, the expression clearing to one of tentative hope and excitement.
...and yes, we're still going. I am even going somewhere with all of this, believe it or not, and I still feel like I ought to apologise to you all for this. I know character stuff can be the interesting bit but...
John asking questions like that was good.
“Then you do what you think is necessary. Like with the locks you’ve put on. Or whatever else you need or think we need for what’s happened. It’s okay not to tell me – “
to the occurrence of scent bonds and their general affect on the bonded couple, relation to pregnancy or not.
Cupid bow lips quirked at that. “Would be a bit much of me to expect that from you, wouldn’t it?”
“Quite so,” Mycroft replied. I need to have him examined and healed before I can think of any other course of action.”
After a few minutes of ineffectual methods, the prefect gave up. Not before delivering one last cliché, however.
He’d smelled them before, too, of course he had. It wasn’t as though he’d grown up in rural Scotland or something. But he’d been sequestered in the harem for such a long time, among scents he knew or quickly grew accustomed to, that it was a shock to the system to be out in it for any length of time.
More importantly, when he’d been touring his Mind Palace, it had been in the various rooms, small and large, as well as the hallways, possibly the cellars. Always somewhere where it was relatively easy to metaphorically reach the front door and exit.
Some part of him was actually surprised that he managed to do so with relative ease, considering everything, but right now, what had held such sway over him before had little if any appeal now.
‘Oh? Such as?’
However, it would almost certainly be wise to keep the thought that he would make that comment, or something like it, if they ran into him.
Sherlock’s eyebrows knitted slightly as though the comment didn’t make sense. “Yes, of course, you will. I wouldn’t ever expect you not to be.”
With a force of will born out of frustration and irritation, he managed after a minute or two to wrestle back under control. He took another listen but couldn’t hear anything to indicate he had woken Sherlock. Which might be a good sign and might not.
“I think that Moriarty’s meddling wouldn’t have been quite so successful if he hadn’t chosen to exploit a weak point already present.”
It didn’t seem as though anyone was particularly inclined to come and lend a hand.
Nothing special, nothing to see.
Sherlock might’ve wished for him to have had a more gradual and pleasant awakening but he took the fact that John didn’t look wild-eyed or otherwise spooked or furious, which he’d learned was also a possibility when the former soldier woke up from an unpleasant dream, and that he wasn’t growling, panting or heaving in great gulps of breath, as good signs.
Even though he had never outwardly acknowledged it before, to see John self-deprecating like that, however mild a version of that it might be, hurt something deep inside Sherlock. His doctor had so many admirable qualities and did so well – and yes, he couldn’t deny that he’d been a…something of a prick about handling and appreciating those, among other things, but he had tried, had intended to try, and he now had a chance to improve, which had to be the more important part – so to see him put himself down was…
He brought his hands around to cup both sides of Sherlock’s face. “That neither means that I am going to leave you immediately or that you cannot be trusted when it comes to sex, okay?”
“Clever.”
No. It wasn’t the point and he was reacting, that was true. But it was still fine. He knew it had been coming, and honestly, it could’ve been so much worse than it turned out to be.
“Piss off,” he said instead, good-naturedly.
“Absolutely certain,” the Alpha replied, the smile becoming a grin bordering on a smirk. “The only thing I’m remotely unsure of is whether it’s two or three in there. I would say two, but I’m open to the possibility of three.”
Of course, John would use smileys. At least they weren’t obnoxious or taking up half the text.
He cast a meaningful glance at John’s arm. As though he needed reminding; he was going to need tending himself when he could finally pry his wrist from Sherlock’s grip. But it was something he could and would live with.
John couldn’t help it; he laughed, the expression on the other’s face not what he was expecting. Well, that and the Alpha was just incredibly cute when he was puzzled enough that his nose scrunched up.
him, Sherlock Holmes. Actually, genuinely, physically, tangibly kissing him. He wasn’t dreaming, he was completely certain of that, and yet, John Watson was unquestionably pressing his lips against his, voluntarily, on his own initiative. And he didn’t stop.
In fact, Sherlock couldn’t really remember having made any toast for himself.
Possibly aware of this, or perhaps he just had other things to be getting on with, despite the hour, Mycroft didn’t waste time being offended at John’s words or his tone of voice, audible though he was still whispering.
He gave a nod towards the back of the car.
“The term, I think you’ll find, is ‘amuse’,” Sherlock said, sitting up. “You were having fun. So was I,” he added in the knowledge that John would spot that bit. “I think that was rather the point of the exercise. Game. Whichever.”
In other circumstances, though, of course they could, quite happily so, too, depending on the circumstances.
Eloquent summary that, innit? At least I have the season as an excuse
Though he had moved some and that was encouraging, the continued silence from the consulting detective was still beyond worrying.
The fact that Sherlock had been acting a little peculiar, more so than what was within normal parameters for him, wasn’t one that had escaped John’s notice. That said, it had been difficult for him to gauge why exactly that was and even though he’d tried to subtly ask and even work out something from Sherlock’s at times nervous, even rattled, behaviour and expression, he had got no further.
Focus on this for now. Or he would pay for it dearly, however ready or done he thought he was.
,” Mycroft continued, glaring at both of them in turn, the fire evident in his eyes and the steel in his voice. “I will
He picked quality over quantity, was what wrong about that?
Tessa looked at her ‘uncle’ then at John, once again caught between two adults, both of whom wanted her to come with them.
It took a few moments, but they did come, slowly but surely.
“You really think,” John began, his voice gentle but with a small crease between his eyebrows, “that I wouldn’t want to spend time with you after all this was over?”
Right. Somewhere to calm down a bit, just enjoy the scenery without needing to take too much in at a time and a place to actually consume what he’d bought, that was what he needed.
Together, they became a guiding light, a mooring point for him to tie himself to and return.
that he was going to slip up, going to make a complete disaster of it, sooner or later, still gnawed in the pit of his stomach somewhere, a vicious, tenacious little thing that was buried itself deep and a shell thick enough to withstand a lot of attack and attempts at removal.
The word came out as a hissing snarl, the baritone voice almost unrecognisable with the growl still present as an undertone.
There was one thing, though, besides the cot, that caught his attention and that was not the buggy or even the baby blankets.
“Finally!” The Alpha looked slightly triumphant at that, which was ridiculous but also more than a little endearing, if it was what John suspected it was; it wasn’t his money and yet, it mattered to him.
He expected John to leave then and he did. But he stopped after a few paces and halfway turned around to look at the brunet.
This time, there was no hesitation, but the voice was still rather considerate in its tone. “A paper written in French listing a baby girl in a children’s home that was made ready for adoption.” John had another small but sharp intake of breath at the word ‘adoption’ but told Mycroft to continue. He needed to know.
To which Sherlock evidently bridled. “Pure fact,” he returned, sharply.
What was that term? Demisexual? Was that it? Sherlock would probably know better than he would because somehow, it would just figure that the berk would have knowledge of the different types of sexualities and their nuances while facts about the solar system eluded him. And that that would be the case even though technically, with his disdain for such things, he should have as little use for the – no, that wasn’t right, was it? He could possibly have use for the former as clues to people’s motivations and such.
‘Why do you play, then? – SH’
“I remember,” he said, his voice soft. “But your hypothesis is wrong or at least flawed.”
“It may not have been, that is the point,” the ginger snapped back. “It can have gotten there through entirely legitimate channels – “
“Well, no,” Sherlock conceded, a complicated expression passing across his features. “But given your history and normal almost adamant denial, I would’ve thought you’d be more than just a little nervous as you are now.”
For a bit, he ate and drank in silence, letting the comings and goings happen around him without any input on his part.
Before he could, though, his wrist was caught by Mycroft’s hand, hard.
That surprised John enough to almost ask ‘are you serious?’ but he managed to bite down on it and keep it from passing his lips.
“That’s wishful thinking, John, not knowledge.”
“John.”
Wasn’t that what fatherhood was supposed to be about? Protecting, providing for, and putting his family first at every turn?
“Oh? How do you mean everything? Because there’s a lot more to ‘everything’ than just a rogering, however good it might be.”
But now that he had…well, he would have to lie in the bed, wouldn’t he?
While the doctor got to work brushing as much out of the wounds he could reach as possible – he tried to think of Sherlock’s continued nigh-immobile state as an aid to his work rather than a signifier that something was deeply, deeply wrong and he wasn’t working fast enough to make it right – Mycroft continued his explanation, while at the same time typing on his phone.
Closing his eyes and pinching the bridge of his nose in frustration, he didn’t notice the small flutter of Sherlock’s closed eyelids.
Sorry, I'm rambling again. Thank you all and apologies.
John didn’t deny it. “They’re two entirely different things and you know that. You’re just trying to deflect. It’s okay if you’re scared of it.”
Oh. Right. Yes. Of course. There was one more step to it, wasn’t there?
First off, he hadn’t been relentless, or even close to it. Keen, perhaps, but that was about it. And why wouldn’t he be okay with that? If someone had told him two years ago that he would find a person that would infuriate and confound him on a very regular basis and yet be the most fascinating, brilliant and exciting person John had ever and would likely ever meet, then he’d have been thrilled.
He thanked the Beta for his explanation and his openness, with a small smile designed to be disarming. Then, casting another, laden glance over at John, who caught and acquiesced to it immediately with a small nod, he asked to see the entrance in more detail as well as their daughter’s room.
He did watch, however, as Sherlock pulled the violin out of its case and swung it into position, the bowstring resting on the strings, ready.
This wasn’t about that; this was about showing John that he saw those complexities and he appreciated them along with the simplicity. It was about John, through and through, really. What he was to Sherlock.
Most of them were positive, as you might expect, and they tended to be quite large lumps.
Right. That wasn’t so difficult, was it? Much like when he’d helped and counselled members of the harem, except he meant it even more now than he did then. That had been at least partially because it was his job, his duty, however much he genuinely cared for his charges.
He tried to ignore the warmth that sent through him. Now really wasn’t the time.
Of course, the real test came when he had to navigate back home but honestly, how hard could it be to locate Baker Street? It had a tube station and everything. Or he’d buy a map and go from there.
He could pass for
“Do you believe it?” he asked.
All of his thoughts, even the coherent ones, was thankfully flying by at his usual quicksilver speed. He could do with lightning, though.
I don't know whether this is interesting for anyone else, though.
A shiver ran through him, but it was an almost perfunctory one, born of nearness to a body he’d been admiring for so long rather than a present desire to jump the body in question. Granted, yes, he wanted him, quite strongly, but not now and not before Sherlock felt comfortable with it.
John, who could feel the droplets of blood trickle down his throat but could do very little except try to assess how deep the cuts were from the sting and the amount of blood that escaped, took a step backwards.
At meeting Sherlock’s gaze, something flashed in the depths of those deep, warm brown eyes. Something that gave the impression of an abyss that was staring back, one with things lurking in it, ready to spring when you weren’t looking.
“Because that’s what I do, isn’t it?” the doctor continued, either not hearing or otherwise completely ignoring his name being said. “No matter what you throw at me, you expect to have me standing beside you for your jabs and taunts and disregard of me, until you need me for something.”
John took the decision out of his hands somewhat; he bridged the distance between them, quickly sat down the guitar he’d clutched in one hand against one of the stair’s balusters, then, after a weighted moment’s hesitation, he wrapped his arms around the taller teen in a hug.
Well…yes…he had – and why hadn’t he deleted that, anyway? But he hadn’t
But he needed to remain as level-headed as possible and as calm as he could manage. Not just for his own sake or Sherlock’s or even Tessa’s, but for the twins, who’d been through enough stress and trauma even at this stage of their development, where they hadn’t even left the womb yet.
“I don’t even know…what’s the bloody difference?”
“I hadn’t,” Sherlock answered, and why was his voice suddenly so quiet? “Thank you.”
The motivation would’ve either been a selfish desire, for glory or academic standing or financial security, or an apparently altruistic one, to help and heal so much of the human population, forgetting the fact that there invariably would be people to exploit it rather than help. Not that he had a problem with helping as many people as possible but the naïve belief that often accompanied that altruism…was less than helpful, that wasn’t unfair to say.
“I – no, you know what, never mind. I’m not going to go there right now.”
If the girl noticed, she didn’t say or otherwise give any indication that she had. Instead, she nodded in understanding and smiled back, in the easy, yet entirely beam that so many adults lose along the way. Then she turned back to look at the two so-called guests.
“Yes?”
“If you weren’t aware,” the midwife said, turning her attention on the Omega alone, “then I can’t say I’m surprised, not at this stage of pregnancy. The heartbeats are hard to distinguish through the stomach and for twins, they will often, though not always, align when they are big enough to be felt. The growth of the stomach is, as you know, not necessarily a good indicator. Some single pregnancies could be mistaken for twins and vice versa. It’s only really larger sets of multiples that are easily distinguished.”
Perhaps the adoptive parents could point them in the right direction if he explained the situation to them. His French wasn’t great at the best of times, even though a few of the Omegas that had stayed at the harem had been brought on while they’d been in France. But he should be able to make himself understood and not rely on either Holmes brother, who could speak French without any issue. Obviously.
The consulting detective had been busy pouring over what was in the file when he felt the head fall onto his shoulder, the warm body next to him pressing even closer. Jolted out of his thoughts, he turned his head and felt his heart skip a beat at the sight.
“John.” There was pleading in the voice now.
(See the end of the chapter for
He did tilt his head down to make it appear as though he was focusing on John, though in reality his eyes continued to look out at the street very intently, as though that way he’d somehow be able to catch whatever he was seeking.
He might be able to understand it if it was merely his brother, Harry. Even without speaking of him, it didn’t take much to deduce that he had a, to put it lightly, strained relationship with said brother, and if Sherlock had to deduce, not guess, he never guessed, he’d say that it had something to do with his fondness for alcohol.
