"Very well," said Castiel. "Then for your punishment, I won't let you come. We can stay in bed together, but nothing more."
Here he whistled, and Castiel coloured a bit, as he had perhaps used his angelic qualities to his advantage a time or two.
“Hell yeah,” said Dean with enthusiasm. “But that’s why I like it. Call it the vagaries of the human spirit or something.”
I finally made my own escape at the age of seventeen, much like Dean in this story. But we are talking about an entire childhood, an entire background of very little other than confinement. I did manage to escape a couple of times but that…did not go well and the resultant punishment, let’s just say we stopped trying afterward.
Now Castiel understood the truth of his friend's words, but was helpless to understand what he might do about them.
“Balthasar got out first. He’d inherited a bunch of money and, like a lot of kids suddenly free of the shackles of religion, pretty much went on a bender he’s never really returned from. I hope he’s happy out there, wherever he is. My brother Gabriel got away too, but I think he might be dead. We never kept in contact. The rest of them, well. Lock stock and barrel holding the party line. Balthasar knew I needed an out, so he told me he’d bought this lgbt bookstore on a whim thinking of me one day, and asked if I wanted to run it for him. The ‘for him’ part is really a stretch, since I also do all the accounting and paying to keep the lights on – but I think it was his way of showing love and being a good brother.”
"Ah, let 'em think it," said Dean. "Idiots, the lot of 'em. What do you say, Cas? Change of atmosphere could do you a world of good?"
Cas just looked so at ease there, so comfortable in himself, and with the raw power Dean knew was contained in that vessel, it was like looking upon some age-old figure from antiquity.
Castiel nodded, but said nothing, which meant that Dean had no distractions and would have to continue.
when offered the love of an angel! But not you! Not Dean Winchester. All I am to you is, is a foil, or bait, or a weapon. You used to be – you used to remember I was an angel, at least. You used to treat me like a friend,
"Really?" he asked. "You didn't like my parallels? Castiel, killing his siblings for you. Castiel, leaving paradise for you. Jeez, Dean, that kind of love...just doesn't exist. Ever. I thought you'd be more grateful."
Dean sighed and scrubbed his face with a hand, stretching the skin around his mouth briefly as he opened it.
Now, the thought just made him tired, and it also came along with a strange undercurrent of the thought:
That sentiment was visited a thousandfold upon drifters, whose nomadic lifestyle was already distrusted by everyone.
The 'king cake' is also still practiced in places like New Orleans in the USA with their Spanish history, and of course México celebrates Three Kings' Day too, along with much of the Spanish-speaking world.
“I didn’t know,” he said softly. “Of course, I knew of the prophecy, but not that it was – now. Or that it involved you.”
But then he pictured himself, after this ridiculous scheme didn’t pan out at all, telling this motionless stone angel everything, sobbing, and being snuffed out like candlelight without Castiel ever knowing.
"Castiel," said Garth, smiling in that familiar way he had, "I don't know a lot for certain. But the one thing I do know is that he'll say yes - and that you want him to."
But Castiel was comforted by the thought he had found the soul again. He now did not doubt there would come a day when the soul should find him.
He flipped her over and pulled out a pair of handcuffs from God knows where, putting them around her wrists with a satisfying click.
"I'm so warm, waiting for you, sir, so fuckin' tight, it's been so long, fuck, been wanting your cock for ages - "
Dean wilted. He had to give some credence to Sam's sad-eyed look, considering his own actions in the past.
“That depends on how well you do,” said the Road, “and whether you choose to undertake the trial – whether you’re up to the challenge.”
Castiel grinned and dove into the pool, surfacing again, as he decided to put an end to Dean’s misery.
Castiel looked desperately like a man who sorely wished he had purchased a local phrasebook before embarking upon his holiday.
But this man was in one of the rooms that had one queen-sized bed in it, a dresser and a little side-table with flowers. Pleasant enough, and, Castiel already knew, en-suite. There was really only room enough for one.
“Yeah,” said Dean. “They would. So supermarkets and…everywhere, have a bunch of different methods to prevent public panic. They’ll put up meaningless crap in the grocery store, like long signs that take up several shelves, in order to cover the lack of produce. Or whatever.”
across Castiel's stomach and chest, shouting nonsense words and cursing with the pain and the joy of it, subsiding into harsh whispers of
I've seen some shit, as those who have read some of these other stories and their notes will probably be aware of. Life is a hard place to be, much of the time.
Dean’s jaw dropped and he was about to speak when the difficult-to-believe giant figure of Sam appeared in the doorway, out of breath.
There was something here they had stumbled into, bigger and more all-encompassing, it seemed, than either of them had expected, and it was turning rapidly from a simple exchange of money for service into something terrifying and world-changing for the both of them.
This crucifixion/drowning in Jell-o/smothered in mushrooms conversation is a real one I had with a good friend years ago, and it always stuck with me.
So it was with a great amount of joy that he saw Dean approaching with a sandwich and drink in hand.
really was, but figuring that Castiel’s dream-versions of him probably didn’t say things like that. “It’s really me.”
Dean, lay there, exhausted and spent, while Castiel continued moving gently in and out of him, as the world went soft around the edges and he fell asleep.
Just like Dean had been looking for - he felt comfortable in places like this, a throwback to an earlier, simpler time.
Dean tried to put it off – he didn’t want to look like a desperate, lonely weirdo hard up for a friend – but he lasted about an hour after breakfast before he said his goodbyes to Sam, who waved him off with a knowing look around his spoonful of granola.
Somehow, the tension in the room began to build, as Castiel watched Dean eat the dessert he was feeding him.
"Beautiful," Castiel whispered, and Dean collapsed forward, clutching at Castiel's head as his heartbeat slowed.
Many years ago I worked a tourist boat one summer. One of the stories the captain loved to tell was about a shady businessman who disappeared and was found at the bottom of the harbor. I incorporated this story into the usual tour as I thought it was fascinating. During one of these tours, a woman approached me with a little kid. "That's his father you're talking about," she said, and I will never forget looking down at this seven year old blond kid's face. I then asked him if he'd like to visit the pilot house because the captain often let kids up there. I also wanted the captain to understand the feeling of coming face to face with the real human story behind what was, until that moment, a story. When I opened the door and explained who the kid was, the captain snapped 'get him out of here!' and slammed the door in my face.
Within Castiel's own mind, of course, these affections were expressed in a somewhat less chaste fashion.
Dean looked up at the wing Castiel had draped over him like a canopy and ran a hand along the feathers. The eyes on the wings closed and Castiel sighed in contentment.
“Not like this, it doesn’t. Well, there’s Mount Sunflower. Where, in 1897, reportedly nothing happened.”
Of course, that meant it was entirely in Sam’s rights to rib him about having a boyfriend of sorts, but that was par for the course and he was looking forward to the experience.
"Why wouldn't he?" snapped Dean. "'Course he wants to see me, I've been lookin' for the bastard for days - "
“You eat plenty. Stop whining. This house alone is like an acre. You have your own swimming pool. A gym. A fucking milkshake machine built right into the counter. So knock it off, Dean, you’re not the poor little matchgirl.”
Dean had heard that Spain, and other European countries, were a little more accepting of…this type of thing.
The idea that all writing of this type is cathartic is a very cruel lie and causes people to push others into retraumatization with the false belief that it's going to help. My grandfather believed in never talking about WWII again once he got home, leave the past in the past. Many modern psychologists are taking this tack as well, as constantly messing with this stuff is like pulling the scab off a wound for some people and can be very dangerous for them. I just wanted to mention this so that people will keep it in mind in the future when talking to people about their difficult experiences and to please stop constantly suggesting, particularly to writers, that writing it down is going to be of any use at all. Often, it is well-meaning but extremely harmful advice that causes more damage than good.
"I'd advise you to move along," said Castiel evenly. "If you've come all this way scenting a human, know that this man is protected."
“It’s – it’s! Ah, hell. The damned virus! That whole, the thing about supply lines! It was true. Trust the devil to lie for fuck’s sake. Well. Lie and tell the truth. Anyway – ”
Dean came on his stomach now, on a long low whine. Cas noticed and smiled, indulgent, and shaking his head, as if at how pathetic Dean was, how easily he’d responded.
It was beautiful, really; huge windows overlooking the ocean, with the flat bed area up against the wall beneath them. Tasteful decoration, sculptures, even colorful wall murals met his eye at every turn.
Dean and Sam were raised outside of society. They cannot be expected to know half of what the fuck is going on within society, because how would they know it? There have been plenty of ridiculous retcons with this program, starting with Dean suddenly being a secret nerd. That smacks so much of
(Yes, technically Apollo and Helios are two separate beings but I was going for the symbolism ;) ) Thamyris, another lover of Hyacinth (who apparently got around) was supposedly the first man who had ever loved another man. They were already doing this shit in the folklore of ancient Greece, everybody; homosexuality is not a new idea.
But everything seemed to pale and fade away beyond the wild brightness of Dean, whose arms were around him, whose entire world was now Castiel, if only for a brief moment.
"Then what the hell, Cas? You give me this heartfelt love confession and ... avoid me? Go back in time, before we met, and try to get in my way? What the fuck is going through your mind?"
Because strangely, drifters being the solitary souls they are, do not tend to end up together. Another strange mystery of human life.
He did not want to admit that his proximity to Castiel, now, when they were assuredly alone and would be for some time without the solid wall of his brother around, made him feel uncomfortable and he didn't really understand why.
"My mom used to tell me there were angels watching over me," Dean said one morning at breakfast around a week after their confrontation with Michael. "Guess she never knew how right she was, and how wrong."
"Good, Dean," murmured Castiel, kissing the sweat away from the edge of Dean's hairline. "So good for me."
Once upon a time, people had to seek permission to view the erotic statuary and fresco collection from Pompeii, at the Secret Museum of Naples, and it would be granted as long as they promised not to laugh.
“And here I am, back at the fuckin’ circus,” he muttered. “Another damned ride on the carousel of hell.”
Dean had spent the morning in the diner trying to convince Sam of the wisdom in staying with Castiel:
before jetting off to fuck-knows-where and removing the moose-sized prim Victorian barrier between them.
Dean was wordless, voiceless; the onslaught of sensation from whatever Cas had already been doing to him stoked the pleasure higher as the angel worked his way inside.
“No, not that,” Sam said, warming to his topic. “But just think – now I know! Maybe some of this stuff can be avoided.”
“Dean, you love your brother more than anything,” said Castiel. “I know and accept this, I always have. You see me as – useful, at worst. Your best friend, a surrogate brother, at best.”
“Whoa!” shouted Sam, grabbing at the laptop that was saved by a hair’s breadth from a fiery demise on the interstate. “What the hell? What happened?”
Unbeknownst to Dean, he'd hit his mark true, and Garth would've certainly perished if Castiel had not been there.
Dean rubbed the palms of his hands down his thighs, over the denim of his jeans, as he thought about what Cas was saying.
Dean started awake on a gasp, to find the motel room muggy and hot in the sun pouring through the window.
“Nah,” said Dean. “Besides, this way, we’re equal. You lived a billion years, I lived a billion lives to get back to you, and I wasn’t leavin’ the Empty without you in my pocket, just like I wasn’t leavin’ Purgatory, just like I wasn’t leavin’
Then to have someone write me and tell me in a very sanctimonious, holier-than-thou tone that I had written 'romantic rape' as if I don't know 1. anything about safe, sane, consensual BDSM activities or 2. what rape is...believe me, I am heavily aware of both these things, having experienced the latter to something of an extreme degree. And ever since this interaction I've been sick, in even thinking about this story or wanting to continue. I'd like to clarify that it's not the story itself, but the reminder of the extremely negative interaction that is the problem here. I have always said that I would only continue working on these stories if they were fun, and now they are not. I know that's not what I actually wrote, and that this is just the result of the purity police thinking they're doing the world a favor when what they are actually doing is seriously re-traumatizing someone - but it's come to the point where continuing this is going to be unhealthy.
Somewhere, in a rundown motel far away, in a nondescript town along a forgotten highway, Dean Winchester opened his eyes.
"Well, yeah, man, I guess," said Dean. "It's just - don't get me wrong, Cas, I'm glad I made it up here. Hell, I'm fuckin'
He wasn’t sure if it was happening because of the dire circumstances, or because he was trying to impress
"There's always time in the future for us to return the favour," said Dean, when Castiel asked him about it.
Dean knew, in his heart, that Castiel was an angel, and so could never feel as he felt. That his own feelings were some of the most foolish he had ever entertained. But Dean was a man of the road, and as such, not one to give much notice to the usual strict delineations between gay, straight, bisexual, gender essentialism or otherwise. Despite his cavalier attitude and somewhat old-fashioned sense of humor, any drifter knew that all these things were societal labels and therefore relatively meaningless.
,” he chanted softly, his eyes shut tight, as the appendages wrapped eagerly, lovingly, around Dean, and he lifted his wings, the feathers puffing out.
It was a kind of insanity he had never before experienced or even been aware of, in all his centuries of existence.
For he could not be a woman for Dean, nor a human, nor take back all his many, many mistakes, nor could he stop himself loving the man beyond all reason.
"Sure what did you think it was about, lad?" asked Colin, an Irishman who worked outdoors on the grounds. He dropped a wink. "Best not to set your sights too high, so."
Dean stretched out on the bed, careful not to get any of the mess on Castiel’s comforter. The bed was soft and comfortable. It felt like a nest.
“I assume you’ve heard of the fates your fellows have met with here,” said Castiel lightly. “I wouldn’t think you were any different.”
All these things had been revealed, and they two reveled in the fact they had found each other again, across centuries, beyond the plane of death and back to life again.
Cas shuddered at the use of his full name and finally moved, as if underwater, and reached out a hand to touch.
They had fallen asleep, afterward; Dean had woken a while ago, and had assumed that Castiel was still sleeping.
“Jesus,” said Dean, staring at the tiles, wondering why he couldn’t just have fantasies like a normal red blooded American dude.
know about these two. You’ve had front-row seats the entire time! I just put a few choice words in a few mouths, made sure baby brother here overheard it. I
Sam made a thoroughly disgusted sound, muttered something about how he was amazed they got any work done at all with the two of them staring holes into each other all the time.
"There's a reason they tell all those stories about not getting involved with the employer," he said. "Charming men, I'm sure. But we are not only of a different class, Castiel. You know that."
He had told Castiel his story, on the long carriage ride to the capital, but Castiel did not want to think about its implications.
“And for what it’s worth, I also meant it when I said – I – I love you,” said Dean, as if saying it quietly would mean there was less danger in it. “Remember that, ‘cause I don’t exactly give it out a lot.”
“A priest?” he asked. “And an angel?” he continued in a lower voice. “Won’t that, uh. Ruin the atmosphere?”
The house had high ceilings and the living room was separated from the kitchen by an island that was near the refrigerator, where Sam was now sitting.
Not to say the small town where I was stuck during much of the pandemic was a bad one - on the contrary, one of the more positive and community-oriented types of places I've been, so I feel fortunate to have been 'trapped' there, if I had to be anywhere.
and as he struggled for air, he opened his eyes, first trying to pry something invisible leaving red welts all over his legs -
"Heracles says the tables will be groaning with young lamb!" he said, excitedly. "And more wine than a man can drink!"
But the desire made his head swim, being so close to something he had wanted for so long, and he was carried away on the madness of that tide.
The orange groves again, and now Dean wore a white shirt and white loose trousers, as those who venture to paradises often do.
“Probably easy to get turned around in these places,” said Sam. “Some of the streets here are like labyrinths.”
“Because you are a disobedient, entitled, rude, arrogant little bitch,” Castiel murmured darkly in his ear. “I only fuck obedient, good boys. And while it would give me great pleasure to take you in hand and tame you, I must decline.”
Castiel's awareness of every place they were in contact almost overwhelmed his senses. He closed his eyes slowly, and opened them again, only to see Dean sway into his space and kiss him, lips clinging briefly to Castiel's.
Castiel felt himself opening up, readying himself to accept Dean inside him. He had observed these things before, of course, in all the many centuries he had lived, but had never been able to partake. If he were being honest, he’d never had an interest.
Somewhere past midnight, Dean was standing in the warm light of one of Castiel's late-night candles, beaming golden warmth from a Mason jar.
And Dean came then, on a little arched cry, and Castiel did likewise, slicking Dean’s thighs with his spend.
Dean Winchester was asleep, swaddled in his white sheets. Freckles stood out from pale skin, one leg hooked around the rumpled bedclothes. His muscular arm bent at the elbow, beneath his pillow, supporting his head. The pout of pink lips and the brush of goldenrod eyelashes. Studies and figures, a painting, a work of art.
"Oh, I turned away at the more salacious parts, out of respect for Castiel," said Gabriel. "But angels are always watching, you know. Besides, I had something more interesting to look at, while my kid brother and his human got together."
the real Dean, the answer is still no. That place has never been home to me, no matter how much I longed for it with all of my being. And I already know – I know how the real you feels about me.”
“I’m in love with you, Castiel. All the hot weird sex in the world ain’t gonna change that one way or the other. So when I say
“You fucking impertinent, arrogant little bitch,” Castiel growled, moving in him like the end of the world. “Not so disobedient now, are you? All you needed was
Dean watched a parade of bikini-clad girls and guys, tanned and willing, march on past him, and he found that he just didn't care. He'd go back to his motel alone every night and drink beer and half-hope that Castiel would knock on his door.
In flashes of imagery, it became clear that these were people Castiel had known or interacted with throughout his very long lifetime.
None of this resulted in any reaction on Castiel's part, and Dean wasn't sure what else he was supposed to do in order to signal that he was kind of all right, really, with Castiel teaching him some things, if that was what Castiel wanted.
Making Dean feel like he’d somehow failed in his duties as a big brother, when he’d first noticed Sam had gone missing and he’d torn apart the town they were in at the time looking for the kid.
Castiel (the village, not the angel) was, like many old villages, built in the old-style, where entire blocks were like a singular building, and they met close together across streets that had been built for people, mules, and horses.
“You are alone,” he said. “And you may be something I have never encountered before, but you are just the same as the smaller monsters. A djinn, with its fantasies. A vampire, sucking blood for sustenance. A changeling, drinking. It matters not – you may be bigger, but you are no different from each other: all leeches, of a different name.”
Castiel’s indifference would be a daily heartbreak and one that Dean would have to suffer for as long as the angel suffered his existence.
Castiel reluctantly pulled away, returning to his duties, as Dean watched him with heat in his hooded eyes.
“Here,” Castiel said as he returned, setting down a juice box and chocolate on the nightstand, and holding a damp rag in the other hand. “I’m going to touch you now, okay? Just to clean you off.”
“Don’t touch,” Castiel whispered, and Dean put his hand back down, gripping the coverlet of the bed.
They had reached New York a week before, and had dined at the Ritz; enjoyed red velvet cake in its place of origin, and were wise enough not to ask for the recipe.
"No," said Dean. "No, Cas, you've been - this has been amazing. Especially because you included Sam. But this isn't what I want."
"You could say that," said Dean. "Among the cowboys, though - I saw that men could be with other men, in that way. Did you know one of them was a Duke? I asked him, once, why he'd traded all his greatness here in England for a dirty pioneer life over there. Do you know what he told me?"
And Dean, sweet and perfect, moaned wanton and shameless as he thrust into the tunnel of Castiel’s fist.
First off, please mind the new tags - this story will involve major character death. Nothing horrible or violent, but it will happen and I think it's important to let you know in case you need to stop reading for that reason.
All those dark motel nights, those half-bitten-off moans, those terrified desperate hurried moments he allowed himself to dream of the angel –
"Old fashioned crap," he said to himself. "Have to talk to the phone company tomorrow, or something."
Dean doubled over and came hard on a shout, dizzy as he watched come stripe the ground in front of him, on his hand, some on his jeans.
“Funny how that worked,” said Dean. “Claimed homeschooling. Investigators would come around sometimes. We’d get brought out just for that and lied under threat. Because that investigator is there for X amount of time and once they’re gone – you’re alone with someone who is absolutely up for murder, torture, and worse. There were things they did – like. This was a series of people. I don’t know how to explain it better. It wasn’t just like. Two parents – it was almost what I would call a business. I think they might have gotten paid for, uh. Some of the. Things they allowed people to do to us.”
"What about death?" Dean asked, the most pressing question, after the heat of battle. "Can we die here?"
“You’re not alone,” he reminded himself. “You’re more than a weapon. Cas said so. And Cas is an angel, so he would know.”
"I don't know what kinda games y'all are playin' here, but I came by to help these two idiots," said Rufus. "Seems I got more than two idiots to help."
being the stupid one. I’m already – I don’t know. Sam’s the smart brother but at least in America I’ve got other skills. Here, I’m drowning. And I want to love it, I really do, but it seems like the whole place is behind glass. I don’t understand
"No, I prefer my concubine here, waiting for me, spread out like a feast for the taking," Cas said, as he thrust against him, slow and sure.
Sam was placidly eating a salad like the brontosaurus he was, and giving Dean some shifty looks that scaled from murder to vague curiosity.
"I can't believe we're staying at the same motel," he said, wishing he could blame his behavior on Whisky 2 (or further) but that was hours ago already so he really had no excuse.
“The flames never go out,” Castiel explained, when he saw Dean looking. “Make yourselves comfortable, please. Someone will be by in a little while to offer you food and drink.”
"That's my cue to leave," he said, bright grin plastered all over his face, and he swanned out of the room.
Case in point: the British phrase 'who's she, the cat's mother' is extraordinarily bizarre to Americans, as they would not understand why you would not refer to someone as 'she'. It is one example out of many in which our cultures are extremely different from each other, although they do seem similar at surface level due to a shared language. I personally think that the shared language masks the fact that these are two wildly different cultures and is a little detrimental because it means that those from the UK and the US are expecting something familiar if they move to the other nation and then find themselves at a disadvantage because it turns out that the place is, in fact, a foreign country, with all the things that entails.
"I lay my claim on thee, beloved," Castiel snarled, possessive and violent and perfect, and his hand clamped down on Dean's shoulder as Dean cried out his orgasm, and Castiel came deep inside him -
Despite the fact that he and his brother had been fighting monsters since childhood and had stopped any number of apocalypses, Dean often had the strong sense that he would be forgotten.
Dean wished that his own experiences at the hands of folklore had been more in keeping with the happy stories.
And it’s a snake looking for something to match up with the intense fear and shame you are feeling. These aspects are discussed at length between alcoholics. Because at the end of the day, we are all human, and this is how alcohol effects human beings. Yeah, even if you’re good at holding your liquor. Eventually, you gotta pay the price.
Castiel placed his hands on the top of Dean’s thighs and gazed up at him as if he had never seen anything like him before in his entire life.
Dean shuddered through the aftershocks, uncomprehending, unseeing, all he saw in his mind's eye was the spread of those great wings and their shadows behind.
is one of the stories in the Thousand and One Nights,” said Sam, warming up to his nerdery like it was a fire where he was warming his hands, “but Aladdin was actually Chinese, and the story was added later. That’s not the point.”
Dean tried to nudge at the place where he normally sensed Castiel’s consciousness, but there was no reply.
“Well, no, but I don’t want these other people to get killed either,” said Dean, lying through his teeth.
Dean seemed to like his wings. Perhaps, knowing he was an angel, Dean would not be averse to other aspects of his biology.
“Well, yeah, it’s like the most famous American urban legend there is,” said Dean. “You tryin’ to tell me we’re gonna find the guy’s sweater in the backseat and return it only to find out he’s been dead for a year, or whatever?”
"That's the way it started," he said. "They told me to distract you any way I could, and I knew why you'd gone to the roadhouse that night. Posing as a john was my best opportunity."
Dean was warm, and comfortable, and felt strangely at home, at peace for the first time in – maybe ever.
Because suddenly, a huge spider-body ambled forward, Arachne's torso forming the top of it, but the eight long legs served to bring her in front of Castiel and her wide lower spider-half hid him partly from view.
"I may be mistaken," said Castiel. "But I believe we are in the fortified citadel of Cadmea, in ancient Greece, roughly around 380 B.C."
"Then we will use the same stoplight system and safeword. Mine is Lincoln. Do you understand, and agree to those terms?"
This one was pure, unadulterated upper class snobbery. Everyone had a complaint, from the caviar to the champagne to the way the hostess was dressed.
"Hey!" shouted Dean, as Castiel got his arms underneath both Dean and the girl, effortlessly toppling her off his lap and, he was quite pleased to see, onto her arse on the floor.
“God, you’re fuckin’ beautiful,” muttered Dean, now almost certain he was possessed, because the intensity of his desire was huge and terrifying.
“Yeah, yeah, whatever, nerd,” said Dean fondly. “Get it outta your system and then let’s go, I wanted to check out the bars down the street.”
“That’s right,” said Cas, on a dark little laugh. “You’re mine. You belong to me now. Do you understand?”
After a moment of no response whatsoever from Castiel, he seemed disappointed in not finding whatever it was he was looking for.
“He’s professional. One of the best. And easy on the eyes, if the way you were checking out his ass when he left is any indication.”
“Yeah. Like stocking a section of the grocery store with…oranges. There used to be all kind of fruit, now the exact same space is taken up entirely with oranges. Sure, you say, then people can just eat oranges. But that hides a bigger problem – a break in the JIT chain.”
“And in the meantime, how are we going to protect Dean from Michael?” asked Sam. “If Castiel’s sword isn’t going to work against him.”
Castiel watched his own hand drift downward, Dean's stomach muscles jumping at his touch as Castiel's fingertips moved across his pebbled skin.
He trusted the Road to take him to his destination, just as he had since childhood. They were, in a way, one and the same; inextricably wound together, woven through each other like a tapestry of legend.
"I made a promise to Bobby," he said. "Before he kicked the bucket. He said, if he went first, I had to look after his boys."
“Sure,” said Dean, talking with his mouth full, until he saw Sam giving him the death glare and finished chewing, swallowing the food. “There was a woman in college, she used to come back to the dorm room and her roommate was always screwin’ around with somebody. She got yelled at for turning the lights on one night when she came back. So if she got back to the room late, she wouldn’t turn the lights on. And one night, she got back after midnight. She heard noises from the other bed, so she put headphones in and went to sleep.”
All his thoughts about life and death, heaven and the afterlife, apparently coalesced into the memory of an old country song.
Then, he hauled Dean up, so that Castiel was crouching now, thrusting up into him, his arms wrapped tightly around Dean and one hand over Dean's eyes.
They’d been chasing the kitsune through the darkness of the truck stop for what felt like hours, and Castiel had just killed her with his angel blade.
When I read about this show online lately, I have seen posts from people who seem far too invested in the real-life friendships of these actors. I have worked in entertainment before, and I am sorry to tell you that many of these 'friendships' (and sometimes even romantic relationships) are played up for the paying public. All this is common knowledge within the entertainment world.
His back shone with some kind of oil that wept in sudden rushes, dripping down his skin and the globes of his ass, his head thrown back in the throes of ecstasy.
While he was gone, he found the intensity of his desire faded, and he was able to complete his work. As time wound on, he felt assured that he had regained his confidence and his demeanour in order to serve his charge properly just as he had always done in the past.
Cas seemed content to slowly fuck into him again and again, asserting his claim as if they had all the time in the world.
“Yeah,” Dean agreed. “The town is beautiful. This tree is awesome. The whole thing is out of a dream, and not just the ones I’ve been having.”
“Yeah, yeah, we suck a lot, I know,” he told Cas. “We ain’t the only ones, but we’re the ones with the best media coverage of our dumbass behavior.”
“That love potion I mentioned,” said the man casually, as if talking about the weather, “works on supernatural beings as well as people. You seem like a man with a particularly knotty problem. I’d like to help you out.”
“Oh. Um,” said Dean, and swallowed against a sudden, unexpected lump in his throat. “God, Sam. So much. So fuckin’ much. It hurts and it scares me sometimes.”
Dean couldn't have stopped her if he'd tried. She was like a sunny, relentlessly cheerful force of nature.
"Starry, starry night...paint your palette blue and grey... look out on a summer's day...Kathy, I'm lost, I said, though I knew she was sleeping. I'm empty and aching and I don't know why," Dean continued, lost the lyrics again, and then said, "Take me home - country roads - to the place - I belong - "
“Yes,” Castiel said, because it made the most sense. “I’ve lived here all my life. Did you enj – did you see the ringing of the bells?”
He wondered whether he should continue to watch the man, as he climbed into bed and clicked on the television with the remote. Surely he was not intended to – this man was a stranger and not one of his charges.
As they walked back up the hill through the forest, Dean could feel Cas's eyes on him the whole way.
Dean snaked a hand around his neck and touched the skin there. He began to stroke himself, inside his jeans; he didn’t dare pull out his cock here in the hallway.
his appendages struck, piercing the skin, pumping everything into him, as Dean writhed and screamed in a euphoric ecstasy he had never known, and blood poured in rivulets down his body onto the white sand -
"A werewolf? In London?" Castiel put in. "Yes, I think he might have reason to seek a better life for himself, and especially for his new family."
“Hard to say what reasons people might have,” said Sam. “They’ve always done crazy shit. Case in point. You.”
Castiel passed by him, trailing his fingers across Dean's bare ass, leaving a wake of goosebumps there.
Suddenly, like a tv station tuning in with rabbit ears, he saw a red appendage was wrapped around his leg -
I have no idea if this was done on purpose in the show or not, but I’ve mentioned before that Sam’s accent and vernacular do not match Dean’s, even though they should, because they are both drifters who grew up together. Sam went away to Stanford and was probably cultivating a different way of speaking long before he ever went there.
He grabbed a slice of pie, a bag of Nacho Cheese Doritos, and Little Debbie Snack Cakes, along with the usual Twizzlers. In a fit of kindness and magnanimity, he also got Sam a banana and some sushi, avoiding the salad altogether.
“That easy, huh,” said Dean, aware he was blushing, staring at Castiel with something like awe. “You’d just – I mean. With me?”
"Believe me, you won't find me marryin' off to a girl like that, Cas," said Dean, as Castiel patiently followed him down the sweeping, grand staircase.
Dean just stared at him like he’d never seen anything in the world like Castiel before, and then started to eat.
the comfortable white peeling paint Adirondack beach chair of familiarity meets the high tide of weird
“Savin’ you from this nightmare,” Dean whispered back. “Now don’t make any trouble. I’ll return the padre to you safe and sound.”
Castiel’s eyes were round and his mouth open, so he seemed to have been startled enough by the reveal to give Dean a little time to work with it.
"Oh, he wasn't too happy about our plans," he said. "But Sam always knew I was itching to leave anyway. Lost to the colonies and all that."
“Yes. And Venice, and Istanbul, and Babylon before the fall. Anywhere you wish to go. Anything you want to do.”
Nevertheless, no matter how many times he told himself, no matter how viciously he reminded himself this was unutterably stupid behavior, something Sam once said to him reverberated through his mind:
This often delineates the difference between someone sheltered from some of the worst horrors and those who know it too well because they lived it.
And Dean reeled in Castiel by the tie, not caring about the photographers crowding around them, and kissed him.
Dean sat back with a little half-grin, and set the little plate to the side, on the small table near the window.
of all things. Screw class, screw my being a hunter - Samuel doesn't even like it, and I've been the one holding the fort. Hell, I was already asking you to run away to America with me. What's one more difference between us?"
Castiel closed his eyes briefly, thinking on the previous evening, and the golden form illuminated in the morning light.
And then Castiel knelt on the bed behind him, moving out of him slightly and making Dean gasp; then fucking back into him on a hard thrust that made Dean cry out again.
Cas was funny and kind of innocently strange, but as a warrior he was a battle-hardened, steely son of a bitch. Ends-justifies-the-means kind of hardass, and Dean understood that Cas knew Dean's own motivations were food, sex, and family.
After his latest little on-set tantrum, Sam was refusing to speak to him. Dean knew it wouldn’t last, especially since he would have to talk to him sometime or another. He was in danger.
Although I did have to prevent myself from writing realistically about Paris and remind myself this is supposed to be romantic xD
“Fucking whore,” Castiel whispered into his ear, as he pulled Dean into position. “Watching me like that. Bad. Punishment, now.”
He sent a quick prayer to whoever was listening that this was not the abomination some hipsters assumed was
Abstract swirls and weird geometric patterns floated past Dean, standing on the top step of the tall staircase.
Dean gaped at him, openmouthed, speechless; sudden and violent, his body seized up, and he came on a silent scream.
"The temple of Iolaus," said Castiel, "was a place where lovers celebrated their vows. Those of the Sacred Band in particular."
As he was attempting to rearrange himself into a more tantalizing position, Castiel startled him by saying:
Finding out that he was dead, in the future - despite knowing that literally everyone was technically dead in the future - had really thrown him for a loop.
Standing in the cool air of the plaza just as the sun was breaching the horizon, Castiel wondered how such a simple thing could irrevocably change him forever.
It was one of those fancy-resort types, the ones that have all kinds of shapes to make them resemble a natural water feature.
Castiel wasn't certain whether he should, or could, accept, but his station coupled with his love and longing for Dean meant that he could only answer one way:
“Oh, you don’t have to do that,” Castiel rushed to say, and then found himself wrong-footed. “That is – I meant it when I said this is a solitary existence. I wouldn’t mind the company.”
feel better,” Dean said in a surprised voice. “Maybe it does work. Not that you can understand me anyway, I don’t speak your language. But – hey. I do feel better. Maybe if we stick around, I’ll be back to see you. Uh.
Castiel, ever present, opened the door to let him in, as he always had, as he always would, it seemed.
“Yes,” said Balthasar. “I was doubtful, but since have discovered they don’t call you Heaven’s tactician for nothing.”
He lay there panting at the ceiling as the little stars in his eyes began to fade, wondering what would have happened if he’d just let Castiel continue to take his pleasure and frustration out on Dean.
it was daring, impossible, with the tinges of forbidden desire although it had been so very long since Castiel had read the rules he had no idea one way or the other, but the
He ignored them, and just celebrated the fact that he could finally look into those beautiful blue eyes  again.
Castiel stood in that same incredible smooth motion and towered above Dean, who was on his knees on the floor and looking up at Castiel.
“What do you mean? ‘Course he would. Why wouldn’t he?” Dean said, petulant. “I mean, why wouldn’t I?”
“You’re so tight,” he muttered, having heard an actor say it once, and noting that it seemed to be a compliment.
“Indeed,” said Castiel. “And if these creatures we are discussing are wise, or have a wise leader, they will make this a simultaneous attack. America is not the only nation on Earth.”
yourself, have you?” asked the man, with a little shake of his head and click of his tongue. “Naughty.”
“It’s no charity,” said Castiel. “They have given me a large house that I cannot possibly use myself. Besides – it can be a lonely outpost, and – well. I wouldn’t mind the company.”
“Regular people – non-hunters, non-drifters, you know. The stationary. They don’t know a single goddamned thing about how any of this works. They treat us like we’re invisible, like the whole world wouldn’t grind to a halt if the working class and underclass just…stopped working.”
"We know creatures exist with even less lore than angels," Sam argued. "So it's possible they're out there, and...now apparently murdering each other, for whatever reason."
“There are three wooden crosses on the right side of the highway. Why there’s not four of them, heaven only knows. It’s not what you take when you leave this world behind you. It’s what you leave behind you when you go.”
In the moments after their violent coupling, the rain stopped and the wind died down, and Castiel made a place for his conquest to sleep on a pile of their clothing, beneath the protective warmth of a downy wing.
Dean had never wanted this much, felt this intensity of need. And it didn’t seem to stop, or fade, just continued onward, and if he thought it had been intense before, that intensity only deepened.
ed at him again and Castiel recalled the many times that Dean said he hated that sound because it seemed so arrogant.
“I saw atrocities in the war that made me feel like there was nowhere on this planet without monsters. My own men, our own side. I became something of a mercenary, lost what remained of my humanity. I found that I was capable of being a monster, too. Luckily I never went there, but I stared into the abyss that stared into me, as they say. And those waking-nightmares, the flashbacks I guess, got worse. Once I got back to town, and back to Sam, I realized that I’d kind of left him hanging. But I figured he could make it on his own.”
Although Winchester Estate was welcoming and homey, there was an austere feel to the place that he had never remarked until finding himself in decidedly different surroundings.
our eyes are bleeding here, took less than a decade for most other will-they won't-theys, I figure: set 'em up and knock 'em down. So! I based the entire thing around Dean's favorite movie."
Dean looked around himself, at the old familiar Roadhouse and the familiar faces and his inability to have a headache or feel annoyed or have any emotion more negative than vague pleasantness.
Bright and beautiful, Dean’s head was thrown back onto his pillow, where he writhed in the shameless pursuit of pleasure. He thrust up into the tunnel of his hand and planted his feet on the bed to give himself more leverage.
"Yes, Cas. I've wanted you for years. I just didn't - at first I didn't know what it was, and once I figured it out, I was alarmed. You're a man. You're my
I learned all of the above things and several more in my twenties, living alone on the American road, and feeling my way blindly through society. These things that other people think of as things
“Sure you are. Monster, angel. Don’t let anybody tell you otherwise. Especially me, ‘cause that kinda shit revs my engine like you would not believe.”
Sam had insisted the guy show up at the villa that morning and fuck’s sake Dean was apparently going to have to
He valued his independence, and his ability to pick up chicks and bring them back to an empty motel room.
"Can you keep it contained, for me?" Dean whispered. "C'mon, Cas, these good people don't need to suffer through a storm on my behalf."
. We’re monster hunters, sure, but…credit card fraud ain’t gonna cut it forever, especially the more and more we leave a paper trail behind us.”
“What can I say? Hero worship’s a weird thing. You may find a little fanclub for yourself around here.”
Castiel did not move, as that was not the way things worked for him, but great pulses of come went through his cock. The vine attached to the womb Castiel had built for him poured into Dean, filling him.
As he cleaned, he wondered what had happened to Dean while he had been in the colonies, and what Castiel could do to soothe the sorrow that seemed to have haunted Dean since his return.
But somewhere, in the back of his mind, he'd noticed that Castiel hadn't kept his promise of the waterfall.
"God, Cas, the things you say," he said, and moaned, moving more quickly now. "Maybe next time I'll coat my cock in that oil of yours and fuck you, use your wings like handles, fuckin' dirty you up, like - ohmyGodfuckfuck
"It will be the most wonderful day of your life," he assured them. "But there will be time for practice later. Come along, or we'll be late."
“You asked. I delivered,” said Castiel. “Besides. I like seeing you like this. Breathless. Speechless. At my mercy.”
Castiel looked up from the book he was reading in the library. Sam was blessedly nowhere to be found.
“Well, I don’t think I can stay here any longer,” he said. “I only hope the townspeople aren’t too upset with me.”
And no, that was not the worst thing that happened there or the worst thing they did. So if you can frame the kind of life we all led by this being kind of normal vs the other shit these people pulled – which, again, I don’t really want to go into because. Frankly I have heard about some of these things and the others, I’ve never heard about again and I sure hope I never do. There are levels of evil out there that I certainly wish I did not know existed and I feel that there is no real value in expressing them to others so that they are aware these things exist, too. I would save others from having to live with that knowledge.
Suddenly, Castiel threw him back down onto the bed and pressed his face into the mattress as he jackrabbited into him, making strange sounds deep in his chest, muttering things in another language, one Dean did not understand and yet understood they were of claim and of love and desire and victory, because their intention was crystal clear.
Dean stopped in the path and looked at him. The day was grey and cool, although it hadn't rained, there was always the potential for it in the air.
"I'm going to see how everyone's settling in," he said. "Go ahead and enjoy the cookies, and Tildy's hot chocolate. They really are something."
'lover with his hand on the latch' is from the Song of Songs, which comes up frequently in stories I write about these two.
But he knew that his feelings for Dean, in and of themselves, were scandalous, let alone the things he wished to do, or the things he wished Dean to do for him - saying nothing of the fact they were both men.
"That's not true," said Castiel, eyes filled with what Dean now recognized as love. "And I'm a second-rate angel. No matter what I try to do, it always comes out wrong. When I think of the things I did, Dean, I - how could I think myself worthy of you?"
“Guess you two saved the world,” said Gabriel. “No afterlife. Better be good while we’re here. However long that lasts.”
“Dude,” said Sam. “You are like, in and out of reality. Your food showed and you didn’t even react.”
"Do you disapprove of this match for your brother?" Castiel had enquired, before they went to meet the pair of them.
“God, you look so much like him,” Dean murmured against his hand, and sighed, pressing his own hand against Castiel’s and kissing his palm. “I’d have done it just for this alone.”
“I fell from heaven for him,” he said. “I knew that his mortal life would be short, but had no way to know how short it would ultimately be. I had never felt pain of its like, not in all my years alive, and there are many.”
“Not like that! It’s fine, I’ve been with Eileen most days anyway,” said Sam, “don’t feel bad – I haven’t been home either. Still, we should catch up. I’ve got time if you want to have coffee.”
A fat black and white cat sitting on the window seat opened yellow eyes to look at him and yawn, its tongue curling.
Today was one of the great feast-days of the village, also called Tourist Day, one of the three times they performed a death-defying stunt while ringing the bells of the church.
Dropping his things in the foyer was a relief as well, despite the fact that he knew he would have to pick them up himself later.
“Don’t apologize to me. You know that’s not going to hold him off for very long. It only worked because we're technically all in your head. It's time. And we're gonna find out why you did this stupd-ass thing, but first -
It was a few days later, and he had gone on a case that ended with him chopping things up in the sewer.
That generally means a combination of various things: a forum, stream-of-consciousness poetry, sometimes song, discussions, arguments, jokes. So this story will go, as best as I can represent it, in the general way a drifter and hobo meet is characterized. For this reason, I wanted to set the scene before we start, in order to explain why it will be written in the way it will be.
He suddenly understood the feeling of underlying longing that still existed, despite having Dean in his arms now –
Castiel, naked, facing away from him, ass moving in short, sensual little thrusts where he was clearly fucking into his hand –
"Now," said Felipe, "if the food here isn't to your liking, I've squirrelled away a little something in case we get peckish."
Sobbing, not in sorrow but in pure need, Dean spread his legs and offered himself to the monster that was Castiel.
I never did watch Xena but I happened across a couple reruns of its first season recently. I thought, if they ever wanted a woman to play Cas in a longterm sense, that is the chick for the job.
Where it is written with a fingertip in the spilled-salt of a diner table, beside last-drug-of-choice black coffee and abstract eggs, easily effaced –
Eileen was kind of similar. She’d show up and hang out with Sam for a few days and then she was on the road again. Sam was content with it, so it worked for the both of them.
Dean purposely looked at Sam and they both focused on each other. Wordlessly, they both looked back at the screen out of the corner of their eyes.
"Wow," said Dean, grinning up at them, his hand against a pane of glass that was also a large feather.
"Greetings," Castiel said, and shook Sam's hand warmly. "You must be Dean's brother, Sam. A pleasure to meet you."
Sometimes a few Deadheads, sometimes members of the Rainbow Family, and sometimes, but very rarely, truckers.
“Keep your pants on, pint-size. I’m gettin’ to it. I’m just considerin’ the wisdom of sharing it with you.”
Mulder and Scully had gone to speak to local law enforcement, since they were real FBI agents (as far as Dean and Sam knew) and had that advantage.
“What my brother means,” said Sam, swooping in to save Dean from some almighty faux pas, “is thank you. What can we request?”
Castiel kept well to himself. He didn't mix with the rest of the help, and he knew the others thought him snobbish because he was the personal manservant to one of the heirs of the Estate.
Dean would have glanced sharply in Castiel’s direction, had he been standing there. Dean sensed a sort of guilty
He searched his mind for more upbeat, positive stories. Ones he didn’t really have himself, the kind of folklore that made people feel happy and warm.
“That’s not the issue at hand,” Sam pressed on. “Sure, maybe it’s a prank – if so, a scary one, and your security needs to be upped anyway if it’s that easy to get a bead on you. But if it’s not…”
But honestly in his heart of hearts there was a tenderness so vulnerable he built strong walls around it.
“I will,” said Castiel. “I do, too. With all of my being. All that I am, or have been, or will be, is in love with you.”
As Dean moaned and thrashed in the web, Castiel was thrilled to see that the strands held tight. He did not want to see Dean hurt himself in his delirium and pleasure.
He sat in his usual place and watched Castiel spread his wings gently on the floor. Sam waited expectantly.
Dean put a wide stick between its teeth, and then uncapped his whisky flask. He poured the liquid into the shellycoat's wound as it reared with the pain and Dean held it down.
and Dean didn’t care, just responding in huge thrusts into the tunnel of Cas’s hand, lost to it, lost to everything, the wave bearing down on him as he found himself desperate and mindless –
Castiel, however, had seen and heard everything, from where he was standing in an adjacent waiting room dusting some of the ancient vases.
Which, obviously, is what 24/7 meant, but Dean hadn’t quite gotten it into his head that he’d have to deal with this man all up in his business at all hours of the day or night.
Althugh he was beginning to get the glimmer of pertinent information that Castiel was definitely the opposite of those experiences -
And he was admired, well-loved, and the villagers often beseeched him to carry their prayers, to speak on their behalf.
“Oh my God, you weren’t kidding,” said Dean through a mouthful of food, which he swallowed after remembering himself. “This is
"What the hell, man," said Dean, staring at the clothes in his hands. "That guy will believe anything. Why can I understand him, anyway? He can understand me just fine, too."
"My wings aren't fragile," Castiel informed him. "But yes, they are weapons in themselves, and can be sharp as jagged glass."
Dean did not want to deal with whatever confused wire-crossed feelings were piling up behind that door, so he just ignored it.
"God, I'd do anything, please, Cas, need it, fuck, do anything for you, just - just - tell me what to do, Cas, make me worthy, make me yours, brand me -
“Agreed,” said Sam. “But I don’t know how we’re going to solve the problem standing out here on the highway.”
Not that Castiel had any right or claim on him, to see his face – but he longed for it, dreamed of it.
,” said Dean. “And next time you feel like shit and want to wallow, you phone me up and we have coffee together, you don't make Tina or anybody else pay for your crap. Got it? And yeah, maybe you do go too hard too fast. Maybe I’m too wrapped up in my own bullshit and I'm useless in a relationship. But you know what? We meet each other where we’re at, we do what we can with what we've got, and see if we can work it out. I’m willing to take that chance. Are you?”
Triumphant, reaching out, placing a hand onto and into this thing of flowing, perfect gold, Dean was shocked when he heard the words ring out:
“Uh, yeah, pretty much. Got some help from my uncle Bobby but otherwise – always was pretty handy and my dad did teach me, about the only useful thing he passed on.”
Dean stared at him, surprised just as he was every single time at how handsome Castiel looked, in the low light of the lamp.
“There were brothers walking in the forest,” he began. “A long time ago, in Scotland. They were transporting whisky for Hogmanay – that’s New Year’s – and heard beautiful music coming from beneath a tree. The Fair Folk were having a party and invited them to dance.”
The desire to drift also switches from Dean to Sam in a completely arbitrary way, like they wished they’d done it the other way around from the start once they realized that Dean played well with the nerd crowd. However, it always struck me as the same kind of fantasy that nerd guys have about getting the cheerleader: Dean’s the cool one and wouldn’t it be awesome if the cool one/jock type
"I'd like you to have a little food and drink now. Order whatever you like from the room service menu, avoid alcohol. I have a few matters to attend to, but I will be back. Do you need to be held?"
old highway as the free, free, bright broad new new brand new freeways mold and shape the America of the now of the fluorescent of the brave;
“My apologies,” said Castiel, respectfully backing away. “I have come to inform you that I now understand their mode of operation.”
Castiel disappeared then, and Dean was floating, until Castiel reappeared with a wet rag, which he used to softly wipe Dean's stomach down. Then he helped him get under the covers, and fed him chocolate along with the promised orange juice.
Dean applauded charity for the truly homeless, and there were those who did exist. But there were also those moments in which someone misguided wished to provide a birdcage.
"Shall we take a turn around the deck? The weather is still fairly pleasant, and the sun is setting."
“Yeah. And eventually the area ran out of virgins, kinda unsurprisingly. The king’s vizier Jafar – yeah I assume that’s where they got the name in the movie – had two daughters. His eldest, Scheherazade, was a storyteller. She asked her father to send her to the king – ”
Then, like a quarter making its way through an ancient vending machine, a memory fell into his mind with a
as if he wanted to touch Dean all over at once, kissing him, pulling off his clothing and kissing him, as if the clothing was just in his way -
And he began to flow, and change, into something even more monstrous still, a change that had clearly come about from the love he had lost.
“Dean?” said Castiel again, clearly afraid that his favorite human had lost what marbles he’d ever won, because he didn’t have them inherently and would have needed to get them from other people.
“We are,” Castiel confirmed. “I was merely attempting to illustrate cultural differences and norms.”
He wondered if this was the part where his new lover returned with arms full of pastries and hot coffee from the local bakery.
“You mean you – ” he spluttered. “And me? I didn’t think you could, you had, I don’t know, the equipment.”
Castiel walked out into the street to feel the sunlight on his face for the first time in centuries.
He clamped down on a memory - a guilty memory, one night after he'd watched Castiel smite a shitload of demons right in front of him,
on the positive end. Alcohol is a depressant. It actively makes you unhappy. Sleep after drinking isn't restful. It also makes you fat, not only because of high caloric content but because your body needs to busy itself getting rid of the alcohol/poison before it can process any real food, much of which is the 3AM tacos type of healthy.
And for the first time he could remember, quick-thinking, make-up-shit-on-the-fly Dean could think of absolutely nothing to say.
One of those stupid conversations you had with very good friends, a list for Dean that got shorter every year.
A maitre-d announced that dinner was laid out, and to please follow him to the dining room for the first meal of the pleasure cruise.
Dean sang the same songs of praise and fuck and all that is holy that had existed since time out of mind likewise,
Some time later – Dean could not say how long – he was bone-weary, and kept his eyes on the stairs in front of him, because there were no railings at all and he was up very high.
Dean worked against him, fingers pressing deep where he was clutching Castiel, embarrassing sounds he couldn’t control if he wanted to coming out of his mouth.
Castiel enjoyed a long, slow perambulation through the gardens of the town. The people were very proud of it, especially the enormous, ancient, gnarled tree in the center of the village.
Sam shook his head, peering up and out of the windshield at the diner while Dean sat beside him, trembling a little bit, even though he hadn’t felt anything like withdrawals yet.
"You're going to live here. With me," Castiel said in a flat voice. "Dean, there's barely enough room for a man to stand up in here, it's like a prison cell."
He knew that he couldn't stay out here, not during this time of year and not in the Impala, where he would be a sitting duck.
“I want you to say yes, of course. Then I let them go. You don’t – and you may as well say goodbye to the world you tried to save.”
And there was Castiel, handsome as ever, barefoot and tan, wearing loose cotton trousers and a white buttondown shirt that hid very little of his excellent physique.
" asked Dean, pressing the heel of his hand to his eye. "Better not be the rest of my life, Cas! I ain't immortal like you - and
God, he'd always hated LA - at least this aspect of it. The working-class parts, sure, he understood all of that - but this stratosphere-stuff was uncomfortably unfamiliar to him.
"Okay, okay, uncle," laughed Sam, raising his hands. "I'm just, well, surprised. We've lived out of each other's pockets for so long and I honestly had no idea."
in the warmth of the night and the oil and the sweat of their bodies Dean knew they were warriors both strong and capable but he had never felt such an aching desperate need for his opponent to conquer, for his opponent to win;
"Ah, you know how it is," said Dean, kicking at the gravel on the path. "Brothers. Sibling rivalry."
Cas was looking at him now, really looking at him, in that way Dean was now automatically responding to as Sex Time.
Dean made a thoroughly humiliating sound and just gave it up, gave over to Cas, like he’d just been waiting for the opportunity.
Dean sat in the window and watched the world go by as he held his book on his lap. He knew he’d need to get back to the apartment and Sam later that night. They hadn’t spent much time together recently and he was due for ribbing Sammy mercilessly for having a girlfriend.
“Losing your temper now is not going to end well for us,” Sam chided him gently. “But I get it. Believe me, I do. I hate seeing Castiel like this just as much as you do. He’s my friend too, you know.”
“I didn’t tell him where you were,” Castiel told Dean, voice choked with tears. “I didn’t tell him, Dean.”
and even thinks of Castiel's need for an entire liquor store to get smashed. Any drinker will tell you that the fear of the liquor store closing before they get another bottle of wine or whatever is a real one. There's this moment, even
Then, he dug around in the wound until he found the bullet, and pulled it out between bloodied fingers.
The following morning at the diner, Dean's amazing mood could not be thwarted by his conniving little brother.
He could no longer write. I couldn't even imagine a life in which I no longer could - but it seems that is exactly what happens with alcohol.
“Okay, okay, stop flirting,” said Sam, returning to the front. “I’m sorry about my brother, he just can’t seem to turn it off.”
Caught, embarrassed, humiliated, unable to hide his obvious erection or what he had just been doing, Dean, cowed, stepped into the room.
"Have you ever - thought about it?" he said, so soft it was like a murmur, Castiel wouldn't have heard him if he hadn't been watching Dean's mouth move.
find relaxing?" Dean demanded. "Because, buddy, gettin' stuck in ancient whatever the fuck with no way back home to Doritos is not it for me!"
“Panties,” Castiel directed, and Dean slid them off, giving Castiel a panicked look. “Don’t worry, I’m just going to put them in the laundry. Eat and drink. I’ll be right back.”
His eyes were wet with unshed tears, and the deep conviction of the words shook Castiel to his core.
And came, deep inside of Dean, his cock filling and pulsing with it, huge thick ropes of come planted deep within him.
As a drifter in the United States, this particular story is about the furthest away from any of my real lived experiences possible, and I always found it difficult to communicate in the UK due to my own straight-shooting way of speaking. But I thought this would be a fun and interesting way to examine the cultural differences that must arise from a relationship like this one.
“No – no, it’s not bedbugs, just a – a nightmare,” said Dean, panting because he couldn’t really help it. “Go back to sleep, Sammy.”
I deal with a lot of fallout – survivor’s guilt, flashbacks, trying to live in society with the background I have, much of the
But Dean had, as he had once told a priest, been pedal to the metal for years. Sure, he’d tried things with Lisa, but the road always called him home.
Dean was so far on the other side of ashamed now, he was a mess, writhing beneath a man who had barely touched him.
Society did not reward those who did not cleave perfectly to its everyday demands, and was likewise ignorant that most of its demands were completely arbitrary.
"Are there extraterrestrial beings, out there in the universe?" Dean asked, looking deeply into Castiel's eyes as they sat together in the diner booth. "Are the stars just pinholes in the curtain of night?"
“Honestly?” Castiel said, and there was a weariness in his voice. “I could use the R&R. I need a break.”
“I think it’s got to be Cas,” Dean admitted. “And Cas ain’t leaving. Not without bein’ dragged. But I don’t think that’ll work.”
let me treat you like that again, you hear me? I meant…God. I’m so fuckin’ sorry. For all of it. For, for – hell, everything. Sorry ain’t enough. I didn’t know – I should’ve been better to you. Didn’t know what I had. But when I lost it - when I lost
One of the appendages approached Dean’s lips and begged entrance. Dean opened to him, as he would always open to him, giving himself over entirely to the creature that was Castiel.
the hero? You save him, like the damsel in distress? Where he isn’t frightened or disgusted by your obvious inhumanity, but
“Gabriel led me to believe that…when I get my memories back I might not like what I find. I might not – think of Castiel the same way. I can’t even imagine that right now, dude. I can’t imagine a world where I don’t – where I don’t.”
“Better go, or Sam’ll kill me, he really wanted to see these bells,” said Dean. “Maybe I’ll see you again sometime.”
The subsequent shockwave and explosion went through the room before Dean felt Castiel’s cock throbbing within him, and he thought
“No, Dean, it wasn’t a flashback,” said Sam. “Or at least it wasn’t a flashback to – to when we were kids. If it was a flashback, it was more like
His back wept with oil, gleaming in the low light, his wings absolutely sodden with it, as he did as he had long desired, and worshiped at the altar of Dean.
"From what I hear tell, you're the closest thing there is," said Rufus. "Least, in the human world."
and he had the crazy thought that somehow, letting Castiel do this, allowing him inside, was pumping some kind of venomous, hypnotic drug into him, something that made him even more pliant and perfect and crazy for Castiel, because he went completely limp in the man's arms, a finished sacrifice, and in that moment he would have done anything,
He went outside and found a wooden bench up against the building, away from the music and motion and noise.
Cas muttered something in Enochian, made a series of clicks and grunts similar to those Dean had heard in his true voice, and snuggled Dean harder against him, thrusting in and out of him again and making Dean gasp.
until Castiel's grip tightened and he laid his final claim as he laid his palm in the place where he had laid it once before, red and raised;
The mess he had made was incredible, as he had come twice – first with his angelic body, and then his human one, as well as his wing oil that had dripped everywhere, all over the bed.
Dean was now wailing and thrashing in pleasure, and the vine on his cock milked him as he came, over and over again.
Then he opened his eyes slightly, just to see Castiel standing there, jaw dropped, staring at him, watching his hands as if they held the secrets of the universe.
If Castiel’s shy awkwardness in the field had Dean assuming that he’d be taking the lead in the bedroom, he was apparently badly mistaken.
“Guilty as charged. And I can get pregnant, too! Whaddaya say, big guy - you got a hankering for some little ones running around? Fledglings are
Castiel now looked a little uncertain, although whether that was because he was asking Dean to do some kind of heaven work or if he was worried about what Dean was going to say, he had no idea.
"That's when I knew," he said in a low voice, although there was no one else to hear him, "that I had to come back, to - to know. If you felt the same. And if you did, maybe - "
“What? What is it?” Sam mumbled into his pillow, muzzy with sleep. “If it’s bedbugs, I am setting you on fire, then this room, and then myself.”
" Castiel sighed, against his lips, and fell, and fell again, and the sun came out from behind the clouds into a clear blue London sky.
His stomach seemed to have settled, and he finally stood, wobbling a little as he made it over to the basin to wash his hands in the sink.
"We barely know each other, Cas," he said, tracing the man's jawline with a fingertip. "And you've only paid up for a week."
That night, in his own rooms, with a fist in his feathers and the other around his cock, Castiel came on a silent scream.
Another guy who had just finished his breakfast nodded at them, stood up, and slung his guitar over his shoulder, taking his leave.
were pretty off, given that Sparta was apparently more into that practice than Athens. And as they say, there's nothing more manly than gay sex - there are no women involved!
I realize this note is long and a little all over the place but the point I suppose I am trying to make is this:
The thing is, there's a few things I realize now. Like...it wasn’t right to take those memories from Lisa and Ben. That's something I
“Like hell I will!” Sam said, shaking him hard again. “You were comatose, Dean! I couldn’t get you – hey, where are you going!”
"So you're just gonna - " he sputtered. "Fine! Go. See if I care. You want to find some other employer, I'm not good enough for you anymore."
“Oh?” Sam asked, grabbing a beer and then leaning back against the fridge, popping the cap and taking a drink. “The plot thickens. Who is she?”
Dean was the only man he had ever loved, and Castiel knew that he was the only man he ever would love.
Castiel looked at Dean. His heart felt so full, he’d never known anything like it, not in all his centuries of existence.
Dean’s form was gorgeous, warm and muscular, soft and strong. A man who clearly exercised but enjoyed good eating as well.
"I would have gone on just as before," he said softly. "Folding your clothing, caring for you, cutting the fresh roses in the morning. If that was all this could ever be, I would take it, just to be close to you, to shower you with affection, to make your life easy, a delight and a joy - even though you may never know it, or understand why."
“Thanks for being the one thing that’s made me happy all these years,” he said. “It was worth coming all this way just to tell you that.”
"I'm going to bed," Dean snapped, and stomped off in the direction of his bedroom, not looking at either Castiel or Sam, and neither of them made a move to stop him.
He’d brushed off Sam’s questions upon his return, blaming everything on the heat of the city until Sam proclaimed he was never traveling with Dean again, which was impossible since that was all they did back home, and he said
at Scully and Mulder, as he reached out and his hands glowed and a few sparks fell from the sky around him.
Dean gave him an odd look, a strange mix of disappointment and something else, but Castiel chalked it up to the drink.
Outwardly, he gently steadied Dean on his feet, and separated himself, standing back while every part of him urged closer, screaming for contact, to ravish the young man in the dim distant light from the windows where his need to possess the man for himself was too strong, to dominate him here on his own lands, begging beneath the hands of his servant, to make Dean his own so he would never look at anyone else ever again with those adoring eyes.
Castiel admonished himself sternly for listening to a man’s private time, though his eyes fluttered closed.
The tavern, such as it was, served the people of the nearby town. It was a low place, almost a hovel, and was located partially underground.
The conversation with the witness had been perplexing, and neither Dean or Sam had ever heard anything like it, in all their long years of hunting.
“Ah, shit,” whispered Dean, full well aware that this was so far above and beyond his paygrade and he was about to experience the best asskicking of his life –
– more swaying back and forth with a lit cigarette and the neck of a black bottle of red wine in his other hand, Dean found himself face to face with Castiel.
My final note here is: road head. DO NOT!!!! There's a reason this is a fantasy in Dean's head and nothing he would dream of actually doing in real life - and even if he did, he has an angel that can keep his car out of trouble even when he's just staring at the guy too long! You do not! Seriously never, ever do this, ever! I should not need to paint a picture for you to understand exactly how it could go horribly wrong.
too much like Dean’s little dream sequence-hallucination-whatever the fuck for Dean’s own personal comfort.
Then, out of nowhere, a silly conversation he’d had once with Charlie. A memory slingshot totally out of the blue.
"You and your brother. Move in with me. I can't stay here at this hotel forever and...I want you to be with me. To be with you. Us, together. If you're willing."
"Skinner has gone back to Washington," said Scully. "Since these reports are coming from all over the country, he felt like he would be of more use there."
And just like that, the spell was broken. All the sounds of the forest around them, the birds in the trees and the wind in the leaves, filled the empty spaces where Castiel hadn't realised the whole world had gone silent just beforehand, as his universe narrowed to the scant space between them.
"These guys defeated the Spartans?" asked Dean quietly, because as far as ancient history was concerned, this was the extent of his knowledge.
all the things I was willing to go through to get here, just to keep a reminder of how important you’ve always been to me.”
He suddenly thrust forward, seating himself fully, and gave the shout full voice, scrambled with his angelic one, a sound of victory and triumph as he had not made during all his years of war.
There was a guy, Dean saw him from time to time, scorchingly hot and a little grizzled, unkempt clothing and maybe fifteen years his senior. Dean would catch a glimpse of the guy during the first week of his stay at the rooming house.
“Inasmuch as it could be planned,” he said. “And it was Sam’s brilliant deduction that led to the arrest, of course. But I needed to flush her out and this was the best way to do it.”
I also hate to break it to all you guys but many if not most women who do that sort of thing in those sorts of places are ladies for pay. Dean's looks alone aren't enough to get him laid like that everywhere, partly due to the 'drifter serial killer' stereotype, and it would've been interesting if they'd focused on that aspect of road life. But I was vindicated in the one episode where they finally made that connection.
The following morning, Dean was sitting at the table drinking orange juice and eating as many French pastries as he could get his hands on.
“Sorry, Cas,” Dean said in a rough voice to cover for his mind’s joyful suggestions of the implications, “I wasn’t thinkin’ this through.”
“I’m not sure what can be done,” said Castiel, smoothly redirecting the conversation. “We are so few in number. The foot soldiers range across not only this planet, but this universe. And – Gabriel, they are going to think we are rebels, just as Lucifer was, and I resent the idea of being lumped in with the likes of him.”
Multiple different appendages wrapped around Dean, drawing him closer, tighter, trapping him there, as predator traps prey, tightly –
“It’s like the Arabian Nights,” Sam spoke up. “You remember, Dean? You used to love to play pretend, find jewel caches, all of that.”
"Would that I could mount you, here among our fallen enemies," he whispered, "my conquest, show them my utter domination of you, bloody handprints on your skin, my claim and branding."
with one last look down at Castiel, who was looking up, abject adoration in this snowglobe of a creature shaken by the experience and heartened and hardened by it -
They say Alexander was defeated only once, and that was by Hephaestion's thighs, or that Alexander yielded to Hephaestion's thighs.
"I take it you don't like Mulder and Scully," said Dean, as they crunched through the underbrush at the lakeshore.
"You said it yourself, Dean," Sam insisted. "They haven't aged a day! Don't you think that's a little suspicious? That woman has the most
bud. And the way you two feel about each other? That earth-shattering thing? Yeah. I had absolutely nothing to do with that."
"We're going to get killed dressed like this, they're going to think we're demons or something," he whispered urgently. "What should we do?"
Castiel rushed out the door to disabuse Dean of this clear misunderstanding, but the garden was empty.
Sam didn't reply for a while, until Dean looked up at him, and saw concern etched all over his face.
He felt suddenly ashamed of how small and dingy the room looked, despite having no idea who this man might be or any notion whether he would be impressed or not.
Castiel couldn’t hear anything, but from the way Dean’s mouth was moving, he could tell the man was crying out. His tongue came out to wet his lips, to press against the back of his teeth.
Finally, Castiel pulled into the motel motor court, and there Dean stood, as beautiful as Castiel remembered him, as beautiful as Castiel's own home in heaven, barely remembered now.
"Be that as it may," said Scully, "I think it's high time for breakfast. I'd like to examine Dean before we go - just to make sure. If Castiel is amenable."
But it stands as a testament to how good a story Destiel is in general that I am still interested in it despite this fact. But I'm sure those guys have plenty of attention from others and don't really need validation from some random drifter ;) I just wanted to put this here to reassure you that if you think you're alone in not believing these dudes to be the be-all end-all of beauty, but still love the Destiel story - don't worry. You are not the only one.
Gigantic, terrifying dark wings lifted up behind him, bigger than were visible within Dean’s limited vision.
"I've put this area aside for Sam," Castiel was explaining, showing them around what amounted to an entire wing of the house. "A large ensuite bedroom with a balcony upstairs, a library, a separate entrance down these stairs with its own patio leading into the yard. There's a small gym here as well, should you wish to pursue your weightlifting and other sporting activities."
Tent after tent was visited in this way, as the crowds swelled around them and the stars shone in the night sky the same way the little lights studded the trees and the streets of the village. Some thrillseekers were skidding down the streets on the wine-pallets meant for bringing the casks to the port, shouting as they slammed into various objects at the bottom and joyfully shaking it off as they went.
“Great. Well let’s put what you've read to the test, because I can hear him coming back down the hall.”
"Your kiss, it's like a fucking drug," Dean sighed against Castiel's mouth, long after Sam had gone to bed and they had returned to Castiel's chamber. Dean marveled at how easy this was, how much he wanted to give himself over, to lose himself in the glory of Castiel.
“None of us were ever socialized at all,” he said. “Apart from with each other, of course, but we never knew society as other people had known it. When we all got too big for the cages, they put us in cells instead, with doors. But they kept me and Sam together, God knows why.”
“I thought you might be famished, as you had not been served food for a while,” Castiel explained. “Time is strange and different here.”
This seemed to please Castiel, who then walked across the room, sat down in the chair where he had started, and just -
“Yes, those things and more,” Castiel said, as he opened his eyes again. “Like I told you – I want to take care of you.”
He was even more handsome than he had been a moment before, the last time Castiel had looked at him.
His eyes were closed in sheer bliss, and he looked like a golden god, in the light cast from Castiel's form.
Then, in an awkward genuflection, because he refused to relinquish his hold on Castiel's hand, Dean got down onto his knees on the floor.
There was nothing more he wanted than to impale himself on Castiel's cock, to serve him, to do everything and anything he wished, to bring them both to completion, to satisfy this powerful being beneath him, looking up at him with glittering, alien eyes.
Castiel had made his excuses and disappeared, leaving Dean with an empty ache in his chest where Cas had been and no real understanding of why.
Outside, the rain began to fall in earnest, and the waves crash against the ship, which began long, slow rolls.
I have known cisgender men myself who desperately wanted to get pregnant and give birth. They did not want to be women, they just had a real desire for those specific experiences.
He had gone into the military after several years on the road with Sam, learning about the strange new world of society.
Belatedly, Dean wondered if the fact that Cas was doing what humans asked of him meant that the angel had
“Yes. It is a difficult time to be a banana palm, it seems. These pigs had a very happy life,” he informed them as he ate one of the pig cheeks.
He waited to see what kind of response this elicited in Castiel, but all he found were those blue eyes watching him with their familiar warmth and serenity.
as large birds of prey have, wide enough to wrap around his entire body – and as they bit into his skin, he shouted at the combination of sheer pleasure and pain.
Dean's bisexuality was something of a secret. Not between the brothers, of course. But Dean had to pretend for the sake of his fans and the public, or so his handlers told him – to the point that his success would be in jeopardy.
Afterwards, as Charlie carried the shopping and Dean was stepping out in his brand-new, expertly-tailored duds, she suddenly paused at the door of the place he'd been shamed out of earlier.
floated across his consciousness in Castiel’s voice, the only conscious thought he had while he beheld the angel and then buried his face in his hands because the beauty
"Not kidding," said Dean, taking a step forward. "This is the scariest shit I've done in my life, okay? So just - "
” Dean said, although he wasn’t much for wine generally. “This stuff must have something magical in it.”
“Well I feel like a total shitheel,” said Dean. “That ain’t right, Cas. I don’t deserve – you deserve…”
It began to rain harder, the ground filthy with wet mud, and Castiel enjoyed dirtying Dean up, his hands spreading it across Dean's bare skin.
What happened to Cas is a real thing, including the midnight kidnapping. Parents literally pay to have their children kidnapped and dragged to one of these places, it is a cottage industry in itself. Torture and abuse are a very serious problem at places with names like those listed here by Castiel. The reports of both death and abuse in those environments are rife, particularly in the days when the proliferation of cameras and telephones were not so common.
Remembering himself, he sat up a little and ate the chocolate, dark and delicious on his tongue. Then he drank the orange juice.
Anyway, you should’ve seen him, Sam. Like – a warrior. I don’t know. He doesn’t need me. How can I – I mean something like that, to something like him?”
Dean clapped a hand across his eyes just in time, as a flash of white, impossible light burst across the room, and Castiel came on a high, loud whine.
Instead of taking pride in it, of reveling in their relative positions, it humbled Dean to his very core, and he was Castiel’s, now and always –
His deep shame about the brand, his worry about everything to do with Dean Winchester, all came crashing down around him.
And yeah, he was probably a lot more serious as an older man, maybe he'd gone underground entirely with his interest in dudes for Sam's benefit if Sammy was around -
“Well…Bernice fell in love with a monster town. It doesn’t – it’s not anything like the same as her, and the sheer scale of the thing.”
And Dean was suddenly awake, clapping a hand over his mouth as his body seized with the most intense orgasm he could remember having in his entire lifetime to date.
Dean hadn’t really remembered how he picked the women up, but then, his short-term memory was a bitch at the best of times and even more when booze was involved.
"As absolutely crazy as I think this is, there's no way in hell I'm letting you do this alone," said Sam. "So I'm going along, just to keep an eye on you."
"Yeah, I get it, there's something going on. So maybe we should stay, it'd give us time to pick up the next clue. Besides, didn't you always like California? We could stick around for a while."
After they had cleaned up, they elected to return to bed, where Dean lay on Castiel's bare chest and they looked out at the pale blue skies over the rooftops of Paris while the city woke and went about its business in the streets far below.
And as always, there’s a Dean or Cas out there for all of us, for all of you, somewhere. I wish for you to find him or her or a place or whatever form this love takes:
It was small and cozy, and in the daytime, he assumed, it must be warm and bright until the shadows of the buildings opposite cast it in gloom again.
"Sounds like you'd rather it was mine," said Dean, grinning. "You're definitely a little...racier...than I had imagined."
He cast a fond look over at Castiel, who currently only had eyes for Death, a content smile on his face and his blue eyes shining with unshed tears.
"My name is Castiel," said the man, and that whisky-rumble was even more pronounced here in the quiet, "but for the duration, I'd like you to call me
Suddenly, Castiel’s entire system rocked backward as if from a blast, imagery and filth and words he would never,
Dean watched with mild surprise as he saw the fine cracks in Castiel's serenity suddenly make themselves known.
Sam lived in a modest walk-up duplex in the part of town where lawyers and judges enjoyed living. Dean often teased him that just because Sam was a lawyer didn’t mean that he needed to fully embrace ‘the lifestyle’.
“You’re right, Sam,” he said sadly. “I’m starting to think there’s something supernatural about all this.”
For an article on these concepts you can search for an article in the UK's Guardian newspaper called 'They say writing is cathartic, but writing about my parents dying almost killed me'.
Fire, and spinning rings, and wings that spanned the breadth of heaven, and so many eyes, and heads, like a dragon, like a praying mantis, like a living breathing building, like the distant horizon, like the mysterious depths of the forest, like a sentient sea.
“Christmas is on its way,” said Dean, glancing up at the sound system in the ceiling which was playing relentlessly cheery Christmas music.
Castiel narrowed his eyes at the man, and at the entire assemblage of people who would sacrifice him to a pirate in favor of an uninterrupted evening of pleasantry.
She did not move from her position, about to pour coffee into his mug. She smiled and began to pour.
"Honestly, Dean?" he asked. "Do I miss the diners with the heart-attack food, or the motels with cockroaches, or not being able to fit in any damn shower in the lower 48? No, Dean, I don't miss it! And I can't believe you do."
"And you? What would you do?" asked Dean. "Stay here in this house with your wife, attending parties? Joining the House of Lords? This is the
“But you have a love of the great stories,” said Pasion. “No man should spurn such a love, no matter which form it takes. Therefore love your Apollo, Hyacinth.”
“It’s just…you’ve gone through so much, Dean. I never want to hurt you. I want – I’ve always wanted – to bring you peace.”
The sunlight sparkled through the city and bathed it in a friendly warmth, as they walked along the golden pathway.
Dean saw, now, in the mirrored reflection of the windows as the sun’s last rays disappeared, great black wings rising from Castiel’s back, watched himself get fucked by his angel in the reflection, with the city beyond.
“It’s all I’ve ever wanted for myself,” Castiel said. “Don’t worry. It’s all right. I’ll tell Heracles and Pasion; they can serve as witnesses.”
invite the luminaries of the pueblos across the island. I am sure you have heard of employing locals for the Three Kings parade?”
thought Castiel. The last thing he needed was to be reminded of the man’s beauty this late in the game.
He coughed, spat blood. Pulled experimentally with his arms, only to find that he was strung up by his wrists, hanging there, bleeding out.
“Excellent deduction, Dean,” said another voice, dry and light. “I had rather hoped you’d figure things out a little sooner, but a good showing nonetheless.”
Dean surrendered, readily, easily; Castiel's large hand sliding in the oil of his waist and his hip, drawing him flush, cock pistoning in and out of him, his other hand wrapping around Dean's own weeping cock as Dean sobbed and whined under Castiel's ministrations.
"So we can stay here, as long as we're careful," said Dean. "Does that mean we shouldn't go to war?"
And with Sam complaining that it was against his better judgement, and how dangerous and stupid it was, they climbed out of the park and headed for the town in search of food.
"I don't know yet," he said. "But I can show you the cultivation of blueberries I have been working on, if you like."
Dean just stared straight ahead at the lines on the highway. If he played his cards right they would be in Vegas by sundown.
She pushed into the store with Dean at her heels, looking for all the world like a multimillionaire.
Something in Castiel seemed to snap and he hurriedly unzipped his pants, drawing out his cock on a long, relieved, humiliated groan, as if he couldn't help himself any longer and just
"I see those thoughts filling up your heads," Tildy said, laughing. "You'll be welcome here, don't you worry."
This story is partly based on Admiral Nelson's failed attack on the island of Tenerife. It was in that battle he lost his arm and said it pained him because it was a reminder of his greatest failure.
"You love them, they don't have to love you back," he sighed. "Humans, they have the capacity to get over it, we do not. Drives some of us mad, so it does."
Dean stood from the bath, Castiel caught standing there, as the water sluiced from him, made rivulets down his body and cascaded into the tub.
“Cider used to be the American drink of choice,” Sam told Dean. “Then during Prohibition, they cut down all the appletrees and started promoting apples only as health food. That’s why the UK has a cider industry and most Americans are only now just hearing of it again. It used to be that cider was more popular than water in the States.”
Those who have told me these stories have been a welcome companion during their own hard times - thank you.
As he dropped his jeans, he could hear Castiel’s sharp intake of breath. He hoped it was a good sign, because for Dean, this was a show of trust.
“You remember that old song they used to sing, the one about, there’s a lake full of stew, and one of whisky too – ”
Dean closed his eyes against all this praise and focused on the sensation of Castiel moving relentlessly inside him. He could feel the hot puffs of the angel’s breath at the back of his neck, could see the great wings, shadowing the bed, could feel the angel’s cock inside him, every thrust a new anguish tinged with impossible pleasure.
He dropped the man unceremoniously onto the ground, arranged his shirt cuffs, and went into the tavern, as the people behind him descended upon the man he had left outside.
“I was raised in an evangelical fundamentalist house,” he said. “Not the best place for a gay kid, that’s for sure. Lots of rules. Weird ones, even against nudity while bathing. Stuff I didn’t know was weird until later. All you know is what you know.”
"Mrs. Papadopoulis suggests we summer in Amalfi next year, Castiel," said Dean, mischief in his green eyes. "What do you think?"
“How did you – uh – where do the wings, and stuff, go?” Sam asked, trying to cover what Dean recognized as his usual curiosity with politeness.
“Somewhere you can rest until I am able to return for you. I am called away on business during the daylight hours.”
“I have to admit,” said Sam, “seeing it up close…this is one of those once-in-a-lifetime experiences. I’m glad we came.”
“You walk these streets masked. I don’t know your name or your business. You do one good deed, it does not absolve you of your past!”
All drifters, hobos, tramps, etc. mentioned are people I know or have met in real life on the road, with names and certain details changed.
Dean watched this; watched Castiel's hand move lower, in front of him, in the mirrored reflection of them, and somehow the levee broke:
“You think it’s ringin’ a bell in there?” asked Dean, allowing himself to feel hope for the first time since they had arrived in the Shining City.
And Castiel redoubled his efforts, Dean could see his forehead wrinkle with the need and the wanting there, strange to see while they were in the midst of things, some kind of desire still unfulfilled, as Castiel said:
“Ssshhh, pet, don’t worry,” said the angel, and smoothly slid backwards, making Dean cry out and scrabble at the bedcovers.
Apollo harrowed Hades to find this man, so Olympus commanded; and when he found him, Apollo stood in awe.
For Castiel, it was still all for Dean, for Dean on the path to acceptance, for Dean's rejoicing in having touched the divine toward which all men yearn.
Anything that voice ever asked, Castiel answered; anywhere it led, Castiel followed, the magnet pointing true north, his compass, his universe.
Still, he made no move to give Dean instructions like before, or to touch him like before, almost as if he were afraid of the intensity of his feelings.
He pulled Castiel’s jeans down over the round of his ass and picked him up, setting him against the bookcase.
"Good evening, gentlemen," said a newcomer, tall and lank, with long black hair and who looked led by his blade of a nose.
“God. Look at you,” Dean said, staring at him like he couldn’t quite take in everything all at once.
"So the question is," he said, "whether this Dean leaves you next week or on the moment of his death, Castiel: are you willing to sacrifice even a
"Well, that just won't do!" she burbled. "My name's Charlie, I work here at the hotel so just holler if you need me, and I'm gonna help you have a fashion montage. Okay? Okay!"
I have starved several times in my life, the first few times were during childhood because they enjoyed using it as a tactic to get us to rat each other out.
Hell, Dean had lived on those words ever since, savoring them late at night, wishing Castiel would visit, until eventually realizing that Castiel was unlikely to make an appearance at all.
Castiel was holding a tray with bacon, eggs, English muffin toast slathered in butter, a mug of coffee and a tall glass of orange juice.
"Yeah," said Dean, picking up a stick and using it as a staff, walking along slowly and poking it into the ground from time to time as he went. "Like here,
Betrayed, he stared at Dean with his many, many eyes, and made a soft, sad hooting noise. He could not speak in a human voice as he did not have the ability when in his true form, but it only served to make him feel even less human.
“Okay, so,” Dean said, his conviction wavering at the sad realization in Castiel’s expression. “How the hell didn’t you know it was time? Or that it was me?”
And suddenly, he got an idea, from the many different get-togethers he had attended among hobos and drifters throughout his life, since he had been a child:
Dean resisted the urge to make some kind of flippant comment, to cover the vulnerability he was feeling in even asking for such a thing.
The moonlight blessed the palms and the garden was still paradise-beautiful, but the entire mood had shifted.
"Please don't feel obligated," said Castiel. "My choices are my own. I do not regret them, Dean. Not for a moment."
Standing in the clearing, fading away, raising their hands in farewell, were Paul Bunyan and Babe the Blue Ox, Ichabod Crane, John Henry, and Johnny Appleseed.
“I’ll be keeping this,” he said, indicating the weapon. “You never know when you’re going to need to turn someone into a pillar of salt. If you need me, I’ll be in Ibiza…on second thought, don’t call.”
He had never heard them speak of such an all-consuming passion like madness and need, anything just to warm himself in the nearby fire of Dean’s presence.
," Dean was babbling softly to himself as Castiel realised that connection was pumping a state of euphoria into Dean like a drug, and the angel snatched his hand away, pulled out of Dean and tucked in his wings.
“And a warrior I am,” he said. “And a warrior art thou – you are a warrior, too, if what I am told about hunters is true. But I admit – in your presence, I am no warrior at all.”
You do start seeing monsters anywhere and everywhere. Suspicion, fear, mistrust rule your life and you actively need to break the habit.
“What, you didn’t think I was going to hitchhike out of there?” he asked. “Thanks for that, Castiel. By the way.”
He had showed up on set bright and early that morning, silent and still behind those aviators he wore. He had a little earpiece, God knew who he was communicating with, but mostly he stood there with his hands folded in front of him, standing straight for hours on end.
in the green of those hills and the white of those sands and the blue of those seas meant for heroes' homecoming and heroes who never came home,
“Please,” Dean murmured sweet as honey against the drowning sin of Castiel’s lips, “Let me stay the night, Cas, please.”
Because he lost his most ragged and sharp edges, which he only realized one day when he’d gone looking for them and found they weren’t there anymore. Like when he was sick, he couldn’t remember what it was like to be well, but when he'd get better, he'd only realize the headache or whatever was gone upon consideration.
My ass I don’t understand it. Shakespeare didn’t write for your fancy self, he wrote for everybody. I ask them how they feel about Cervantes (my own preference) and they stutter and blah about it but have they read
“They tried to re-educate us, yes. Always thought it was an interesting approach to put a bunch of gay guys together in the wilderness and hope somehow the gay gets ironed out of us. That’s not what happened, of course.”
"Anyway," Dean said with a sigh, resuming his walk through the forest as Castiel followed, trying to keep his broken heart somewhat intact. "There's Winchester lands there now, Cas, but I don't know how I feel about the fact they were taken from the native people. Not much I can do about it now since the town's been built all around it and we've got what we've got. But it makes me uneasy all the same."
“Okay, grumpy,” said Dean, finally rolling out of the bed. “I’m gonna do what I came here for and get you a slice of this apple crumble. Should have vanilla ice cream for the whole
I am vaccinated and boy did it ever kick my ass, but that just tells me how covid would've kicked my ass if I had gotten it. Proud to be vaccinated- you should be too!
His shout fell dead on the void around him, and it started filling in even the spaces between, but he kept his face pressed to the side of Castiel’s, where he could feel the scratch of the angel’s stubble.
It was this knowledge, perhaps, that drove Dean to his actions upon returning to the hotel room early that evening, and finding Castiel seated in a chair overlooking the city.
"Yeah, well," said Dean. "There's been a lot that shouldn't have happened. One of which is that I'm a son of a bitch, Cas, and I should've known better."
I had to take a hiatus from writing even from these stories for a few weeks because it was like someone turned the waterfall off.
The appendage that had been suckling at him previously returned, and Castiel pushed into it, a strange half-growl emanating from between his teeth as it imitated the hot tightness he knew he would find with Dean.
“Well, it doesn’t necessarily mean bad news, either,” said Sam. “Now that we know what we’ve been hunting, we’ll salt and burn the bones, and then we’ll figure it out.”
and I am sorry to say that I believe it. And this is from a fervent anti-fascist, leftist drifter. Yes, the other guys are awful, but we are supposed to be better than the other guys. That's kind of the whole point. Two wrongs don't make a right, and we need to recognize these shitty behaviors from within our own ranks.
So I am all for democratizing knowledge and making it more readily available – and not demanding everyone speak in a particular way. I believe that education should be open to all people, and I also believe that much of the snobbish behavior related to this stuff is directly responsible for much of the political backlash we are seeing now.
So every day, Castiel still went through the motions that he would have practised at Winchester Estate. Garth had immediately put paid to the idea that he should require a manservant, so Castiel's duties were mainly in the world of the outdoor gardens, where he helped by growing and picking herbs and spices for Arachne's meals, and to sit drowsy there, contemplating the bumblebees in their drunken wanderings throughout the aromatic gardens.
Dean had expressed surprise to find Castiel still waiting for him after he'd been gone a full two years.
Not least of which was the time he had decided to leave the pueblo, partly out of a sense of duty, partly because he couldn’t stand the waiting anymore.
“Trouble in paradise? Lover’s quarrel?” teased Lucifer. “Man! I could do this all day. Let’s while away the hours conversing with the flowers, what do you think, Dean?
" Dean shouted, nearly collapsing forward onto Castiel, sensation shooting through every nerve ending he had, while Castiel was buried deep inside him.
He didn’t have to look up to know the bitchface was there. It was always there, following him like the family curse.
The day of the garden party and the ball that followed had dawned with Castiel's usual cool demeanour shaken.
Dean swayed into his personal space, almost hypnotic, as Cas just watched, as he always had, and waited.
He surreptitiously scratched at his neck and shoulders. Bedbugs were no joke to drifters and he definitely would’ve doused the room with kerosene (and himself). Cockroaches were gross and there was always the horror of getting one in the ear but bedbugs? Dean would take roaches over bedbugs. Hell, he would take demons over bedbugs, so he understood Sam’s half-awake terror.
He could also sense the emotions, if that was what they could be called, of Castiel, upon seeing this thing. Castiel, an automaton, a warrior of millennia, and Dean
The little desperate hitch of a whine that rose unbidden from Dean’s throat made Castiel thrill within his vessel.
“I know, but you aren’t safe here anymore. Castiel was the last ditch effort. And I’m glad you’ve started to change your ways but there’s nothing we can – ”
“Everybody’s always gotta try it once,” said Fisherman, a Black dude up from Mississippi who worked the shrimp boats once upon a time. “And once is all they’ll ever need.”
RED VELVET CAKE is the subject of an American urban legend, in which a customer at a fancy hotel restaurant loves the cake so much they ask for the recipe- and are surprised by an item charge of several hundred dollars for the luxury! This never happened, but it has legs as a legend due to its inclusion of various elements, the most prominent being sneaky overcharges as a hallmark of American life.
even – okay, fine,” Sam sighed. “I don’t want to argue. But if I’m going to figure anything out I can’t have the laptop die on me. So let’s go.”
They were on the tree-lined pathway to Winchester Estate, the road illuminated by the distant glow of the house's windows.
“You really wanna go back to pullin’ monster guts outta your hair in the shower?” asked Ellen with a dubious look. “Cause I don’t know about you, kid, but I don’t miss that at all.”
” Dean said in anguish. “Why in the everloving fuck would he do that? That bitch tortured him, she fucking
Castiel's wild eyes took on a determined and dark look then as he got on his knees on the bed, towering over Dean, and gave his own cock a few powerful tugs.
Castiel watched, wings spread higher now, dominant and terrifying, as Dean disrobed, and more of that oil trickled down his back.
Dean thought about Castiel, and his fuzzy blue sweaters, his nerd glasses. Tina and the other people at the café, The Antagonist and The Protagonist, books and special hot drinks made just for him.
Hell, Dean didn’t even know the names of any of these people, they seemed to switch and change out at will.
All this time he had wanted to dominate his charge, and here his charge had been, hoping to be dominated, to feel the strength in Castiel's limbs, to be taken, and taught, and brought to heel.
Breathing hard, as he came down, and hoped it would be enough to keep his desire at bay for the next morning's encounter.
Castiel briefly closed his eyes, as if trying to get himself under control, and Dean had to admit that he was having some trouble himself in that department with the angel grinding down against him.
"But please don't take this as a rejection," Dean resumed. "I still wish to marry. I just have no interest in any form of immortality, especially if it's attached to someone else. No matter how much I love them."
"I am an extraterrestrial, yes," he said, grumpily, and folded his arms, ignoring Mulder's overjoyed look.
“They – the people, they, would take one of us kids and. And. Do stuff, uh. To us. We never did figure out their schedule, although there was one. They – we were fed like how dogs and cats are, bowls. You know. Bathroom, at least – they let us out a couple times a day and you only have so many accidents when you are living in a cage before.”
“It’s better than being treated like I’m beneath you!” Castiel shouted, finally. “Most people are, are
"Good. Now I am going to explain what I'd like to do. I want you to tell me, verbally, yes or no, if you enjoy my touch. It's a good way for me to learn your body - how I can bring you pleasure."
“The real Dean is more than any vision of him could be,” he said. “Whether he chooses to love me in the way I would prefer. I only wish to be near him. I do not care what form that takes. He loves me, and that is enough. You wouldn’t understand. Because no one loves you.”
“I might ask you the same damn question,” said Dean. “What the hell do you think you’re doing, rearranging history like a fucking jigsaw puzzle and removing yourself from my life? From
“C’mon, old man,” said Dean, helping Castiel to his feet. “Much as I love long walks on the beach, I’m here to take you home.”
“You’re still here, though,” Dean observed, and when he turned to look Castiel full in the face, he noticed that he was –
of people there! Anyway, how can you ask me that? You were there while Ellen was giving us the rundown.”
"They got coffee around here?" Dean asked, walking into the room with an airy nonchalance he did not feel in the slightest.
“Dean,” he said, imbuing the word with all the adoration he could muster, “I – yes. Of course. Yes.”
“It’s a walkie-talkie,” Sam explained helpfully. “Ash made it. We can talk to Ellen this way, or anyone at the Roadhouse. I thought it might come in useful. Well. Ash did, anyway. I assumed it would be confiscated as contraband so I wanted to wait until I knew we were alone.”
Dean went on then, talking about life on the road and home and family but Castiel’s mind had snagged on what Dean had said and stayed there.
Dean was mildly startled to be reminded that there was only one bed in his motel room, thanks to Sam being off God-knows-where and of course not really expecting company other than the sexy kind.
One of the strangest things about Castiel’s situation was that he was fully aware even when his body was stone.
The shellycoat stared up at Dean with huge, trusting eyes, and gave a quick nod, the shells of its coat clacking together with the motion.
, one of the characters in the submarine states: "Man would have no need to invent dragons if he knew half of what lived beneath the surface of the sea."
"I've been on this one for a while," Rufus said. "Strangest damned thing, too. Not just invisible squid, or whatever you're seein' here. All
"Remember how we could relax in the shade of the palm trees at Castiel's, and the weather was just right?" Sam persisted.
There's a website I recently ran across called Mom and Pop Motels that acts as a search engine for motels in the States, if you'd like to support the kinds of motels where I, and fellow drifters, often live and work across the country. They frequently aren't listed in the main engines or even have websites, so it's either call ahead or just show up and hope for the best. Motels are usually a crapshoot, sometimes you get a well-loved place, sometimes, yeah, it's cockroach fiesta. Motel doesn't always mean scrubbo - they can be surprisingly classy, but it's always, always a gamble. There are also the hourly rate type, some of which do in fact have websites nowadays - one of the chains of those is called Executive, I believe, and you can entertain yourself looking at the photos of their themed rooms complete with stripper poles and mirrors on the ceilings. One thing I will say for those types of motels, though - they are often SQUEAKY clean because...well, I shouldn't really need to explain the reason for that one.
"It looks like some kind of animal attack," said Mulder, coming over to peer over Scully's shoulder at the screen. "There are a lot of Anishinaabe legends about creatures that live in the lake - "
While Dean may have catalogued his brother's foul expressions, Castiel collected Dean's variety of smiles.
In all of those lifetimes, his lodestone, his compass pointing true north, his happiness, had always been Castiel.
,” Michael commented, although he seemed inexplicably hurt by Dean’s rejection. “All that incredible desire you feel for each other? That’s not real. That’s because Dean was made for an angel – namely,
Drifters, hobos, et al. are the background clockwork of America. Your country, wherever it is, will have a version of the same. We are America’s French Foreign Legion, doing the jobs nobody else wants to do. We live this way by choice and are happy in it, preferring the open road to permanence. For those unfamiliar with our lives, the best comparison I can give is the sailor’s reputation for always returning to his first love, the sea.
“He doesn’t remember because it’s been far too long. He doesn’t remember who he is, or who you are, or any of it. And he’s killing, because he thinks all humans are the same.”
longer than he could remember, but he often wondered if it was a lie. Much like how his mother had turned out not to be what he’d imagined.
Even more surprisingly, Sam had stopped the Impala outside the bunker, in the forest nearby, because there was a man with a ladder blocking their path.
Two great, white wings spread up and out from behind his back, as he stretched them with a sigh of relief, the feathers settling in the sunlight.
Mac had fallen asleep with his arms around his rolled-up sleeping bag; it was a warm enough night, and he didn’t need it.
Dean blinked up at Sam, who had a toothbrush between his teeth and was entirely too cheerful for this hour of the morning. Sunlight seared through Dean’s eyes like he’d just gone on a bender.
1. I looked him up out of curiosity and apparently Peter Wingfield (Methos from Highlander) quit acting and is now an anaesthesiologist at Cedars-Sinai in LA. Can you imagine that? Going in for surgery and seeing him come in? I would be like...'Methos??? Am I already under?'
“And I must admit, I was…intrigued. I tarried. He was expert with these – they were long sticks, the people of this island used to travel with them. Entire villages like flocks of birds, moving through the forests, up and down mountains, like…”
Dean knew he was begging, and it was unlike him, but there was a demand greater than he was in his body and his soul, aching and longing and weeping to become one with Castiel. He'd never felt anything like it, an enormous
And he had waited so long - he knew Dean had someone else waiting for him, he knew it was selfish, and he knew it couldn't last, but Castiel was greedy to indulge himself, if only with his voice, if this was what Dean could offer him.
“Okay, you got me there, but, listen, Cas, you’ve been MIA for a long ass time. Why the hell’d you do it? I’m gonna be pissed at you later but I ain’t got time right now.”
"What the - " Dean started, and then turned to Death, who was still standing next to him, munching on something deep-fried with an air of evident contentment. "
They sat together, watching the silent television, and Dean wondered how this guy had made such a place in his life and his heart.
And their conversation drowned out the loud voices in his head calling him names that he knew to be the truth but did not want to admit them.
“Never apologize to me, Dean,” murmured Castiel, as the come trickled down their legs and he continued thrusting into him. “The gift of your pleasure is one I never could have predicted, and one I cherish like no other gift that has been given to me. You are perfect and pure, a force of nature, beloved.”
Additionally, the classism and racism inherent in those who 'just want to correct peoples' grammar' is very evident.
Melchior is an old man with a long white beard, representative of Europe. Gaspar is a middle-aged man with a brown beard, representative of Arabia and Asia (the "Orient").  Balthasar is a young Black man and representative of Africa.
Sam gave him a strange look, a little puzzled, but thrilled enough with his nerd purchase that he didn’t question it too much.
"What is it with you, Cas?" he asked. "Of all people, you're gettin' the short end of the stick here. Why you gotta follow the rules all the time?"
“Yeah, you can stare all you want but I ain’t goin’ anywhere,” said Dean cheerfully. “Now get outta bed, I ain’t gonna feed you in it because these crumbs get
but never the real live person they are currently talking to, which gives me even more of the sense that this is not about life experiences or real concern for the people dealing with this crap, but just another way to make themselves feel better and feel righteous about themselves.
There were two doors – one in, one out. Beyond the first, in the darkened store, it said ENTRANCE on what looked like a rainbow Lite-Brite toy.
The hunting-lodge was far grander than its name implied. A large and welcoming rustic building with an enormous fireplace and hand-hewn wooden furniture, it may not have been as grand as Winchester Estate, but it was definitely a retreat for the wealthy.
Anyway, this is mostly a discussion about immersion and realism inasmuch as it can be achieved with fantastical stories. In my opinion, realism is what helps give the fantastical its grounding, and is what makes it immersive and good.
"Yeah, that's it, that's right," Dean said, the words slithering out of his mouth to wrap sinuous around Castiel, pulling him forward. "Please, I need it, need you - sir."
Multiple appendages pierced Dean’s skin, drawing blood, and pumping him full, as both Dean and Castiel cried out in the strange joy of their mating –
With the hope of the hand by his side, one that he wishes to touch, to fold into his own, but doesn’t quite dare.
Dean left the shoreline where he had been contemplating an early morning swim and followed Castiel into the sunrise.
But much like a drifter’s greatest fear was getting stuck in one place, no small town wanted drifters shacking up there for a while.
"Don't be doin' anything that'll endanger ourselves, Castiel," Arachne warned him. "You get too much attention, you'll bring the house down around our ears."
Dean looked up at her. He knew that tone – something she was weighing up saying, whether it would be a good idea or not.
And he wondered why he’d kept up the charade all these years, defensive and angry, drunk and dangerous and moody, unpleasant company all around by the end of things the first time.
The cat gave a soft mewl and then hopped into Dean’s lap, turning around once before snuggling up to him. It started to knead its claws into his jeans.
Dean stared at his ghoulish reflection in the late-night diner window and wondered whether anyone could love such a monster.
Dean was alarmed, as his heart began to beat a frantic tattoo in his chest. Did they do – things like this? Was this – ? Was it, was this, really happening, finally, after all this time?
“And we’ll talk about that too,” said Dean. “But for now, I think we gotta give your people some reassurance they haven’t lost their guardian angel.”
He looked up, when he heard voices calling his name at a distance, and called back to reassure them, disappearing into the underbrush.
When he walked out of the dressing room with slicked-back hair and a perfectly-tailored suit, Charlie gave him the thumbs-up and smile he'd been hoping for.
"Yeah, don't you remember that?" Sam asked. "Anyway. Turns out she was kinda unhappy her husband had abandoned her and decided to feed. Found you guys after like,
"Winchester Estate would be in danger of liquidation without a dowry," said Castiel. "One reason your father had asked you go to to America."
“Or you mean to this, this person, the – the waterfall?” Dean persisted. “Hate to break it to ya, Cas, but I don’t think he’s coming back.”
"That's how I convinced Sam, yeah," said Dean. "But no. I thought - I'd never seen a more handsome man in all my life."
"It's okay, I'm okay," Dean said. "God, you feel so fuckin' good. Been dreamin' of this a while, Cas,
The appendage came forward again, and Dean drank of it, as others spread him even wider, pushing against Castiel's cock, wriggling inside.
The following growl made Dean grind into the mattress, a motion that was also not missed by Castiel.
“I know it is like to nothing of his probable value, as your Helen of Troy,” Castiel said, “but it is all that I own, and as the Christ tells us, that places the more value upon it. I guarantee that I will caretake of him as none would, be they the richest of all his suitors.”
Dean and Sam opened the motel room door and went down the stairs to where Bernice was standing in the street.
His great wings unfurled along the floor and the eyes opened again, watching Dean, his favourite pastime.
“Sure is,” she said. “He’s been feeling under the weather though, asked me to come in. I’m performing this week if you want to come, by the way.”
Dean's eyes immediately registered the low rumble of Castiel's voice, and the angel was once again struck by how the man
“Are you all right, beloved?” Castiel murmured, and the honeyed way he said the word, Dean knew he’d been waiting for years to use it out loud.
He spread his legs further, enticing, and his thighs tightened hard around Castiel – if this had been in the real world, and Castiel had been human, hard enough to bruise.
Last line shamelessly stolen from the last line of The Dubliners and I will not apologize to James Joyce because I have read his letters and he knows what he did.
Dean squirmed around until he was facing Castiel, jostling his cock inside him and making Castiel hump desperately against him. Dean, vicious, wrapped his hands around the angel’s wings and sank his fingers into the feathers, pulling some of them out in his urgent need for
“You’re going to tell me what you want, Dean Winchester,” he growled. “So that I can fulfil it for you.”
Clean and cool, with a guy standing behind the counter, smiling at them. On the shelves were trophies made of heavy glass that proclaimed the store’s
His aquiline nose and that stern staring thing he did was super fucking hot. He’d always loved that.
“I admit, it is something of a learning curve,” said the man, still smiling. “But nobody’s perfect on the first try, after all.”
I learned then that storytelling could save people, offer comfort in dire circumstances, be a companion where there was otherwise none.
The man seemed aloof, cold, robotic. Untouchable. Like a statue, even during their recent indiscretion.
"Why do I get the feeling there's somethin' you ain't tellin' me, Cas?" Dean asked. "If you know somethin', you better come clean right now or so help me - "
Dean stared up at Cas, willing himself to remember why he felt the intense desperation to leave, as it ebbed away from him like the tide.
“We were out there together, right?” Benny interrupted. “You and me. The other guys. Had each others’ backs day and night. Yeah?”
Dean's hands were sweating. That kind of money could buy a lot of gas for him and Sam, and a lot of food, not to mention a slightly better class of motels where he didn't need constant vigilance against cockroaches scuttling in and out of cracks in the plaster.
“I don’t know. I always assumed that the Empty just didn’t understand me very well. Or,” he said, on a light laugh, “now that I think of it, the Shadow appeared to me as Meg.”
“Then I should like to hear another this evening. I will most likely kill you in the morning. Come.”
"Her?!" asked Dean. "I told her she wasn't good enough for my brother, and using him to get to me was a low blow. I told her to stick it where the sun don't shine."
no bodies. There's no countrywide situation, either. Apparently everything's a figment of Dean's imagination, somehow."
the warp and weft of him the weight of the gun in his hand, weapon extended from a body that he believes is all weapon, all the time, like a 24 hour truck stop shining in the night as a beacon of hope;
“That’s the last liver you’ll ever eat,” Dean told her, as she wavered and vanished while she expired. “Man. I’m beat.”
“I will await the end of your story this evening,” said Castiel abruptly. “I will kill you in the morning.”
that was Castiel, and the angel drew him against his body, facing outward, so that Castiel's lips grazed his ear.
in an unShakespearean monologue cribbed from the late-night show on motel television, static and song;
Only to find a note tucked under the laptop he had conveniently ignored, telling Dean he wanted some alone time.
“I think that my assistant probably assumed you came to me for the same reasons as the other humans,” he said. “If you were looking for
The days tumbled, one into the other, after that, without Castiel really marking the passage of time.
“The fuck?” Dean demanded loudly, his hand tight on his bottle of beer. “Did he get mind-whammied or some shit?”
And Dean opened for him, suckling the end of the vine, Castiel moaned at the sensation of how ready he was, how willing, and how perfect.
So wildly, terrifyingly different that he’d just stuffed everything down and did what he’d always done-
“Flight leaves in three hours,” Sam said, as he came through the door of their hotel room. “We better get a move on.”
“One of the brothers went in to join the reel,” Dean explained. “The door shut in the tree, leaving the other to despair, thinking his brother gone forever. But on the following year, the same night, the brother returned to the tree, finding the door open. He went inside and pulled his brother away, back into the human world. His brother did not want to go, saying he had only danced a single reel so far.”
“Sure as hell will,” he said. “And I got some stories to tell, Sammy. And the answer to the question of whether reincarnation is real.”
He realized that the man didn’t know that the persianas - the blinds in his own window - were diaphanous. He could see through them to the street but they blocked the sunlight and kept him hidden from view.
Finally, they stumbled up into the apartment and over to the bed, where they fell over inelegantly peeling their clothes off; first their own, and then the other’s.
Then he leaned close to Castiel’s cheek, and the angel couldn’t help his revulsion at his own brother and his macabre use of Dean’s face –
But Dean didn't get to finish his sentence, because something had slithered around his leg and yanked him to the ground as he shouted.
He cleaned up everything with a wave of his hand, and was about to sleep – or do the angelic equivalent – when his cell phone on the side table started to buzz.
Castiel no longer stayed in Dean's room when he woke, preferring to do his work and then leave before his charge opened his eyes.
The other thing – and this is common for all long-running shows – is adding a third ‘family member’ character to appeal to the younger crowd and pull in new viewers. This happened in
Dean sat staring at Mulder with a dopey expression he caught in the mirror and immediately snapped out of it.
“Yeah, yeah,” he said, waving a dismissive hand, getting back onto the bed. “You let me know when you can pencil me in.”
He wondered where these thoughts were coming from and assigned them to the slight guilt he felt while looking down at his own stomach pudge.
“Uh uh,” he said, shaking his head. “Don’t you fuckin’ dare. I want to keep ‘em. Plus, uh, useful later, when I wanna remember, if you get me.”
“And then we’re gonna talk about what we do next,” he said. “Because baby, I ain’t leavin’ you behind. Find a good thing and stick with it, y’know?”
"It is time you become accustomed to life without me," Castiel informed him. "When you marry, I will not be there."
The journey back to Winchester Estate dropped in temperature as they went, as things cooled between the two of them like coming down from altitude.
Dean made a sound of frustration in his throat and ground his wrist against his right eye, where a headache was forming fast.
He had never chosen to fall for Dean in the way that he had; in the moments of the war that were the hardest, after he had told Anna he was nothing like her, he had abandoned those who cared about him and abandoned his own kind only to find himself going far further than Anna ever did, to lose himself in the incredible beauty of Dean.
Anyway, I figure I can’t be the only one this has happened to during this time. So all you guys be careful and take care of yourselves out there.
“God, you look like sin,” Castiel growled. His nimble fingers pushed inside, one after the other, working lube into Dean from who knows where.
Castiel assumed that Dean had been interrupted, possibly by his confused brother, as much had happened in his absence.
"Know your place, right?" he said. "And what great fortune? You get to be the servant to some guy whose wealth was not so much earned as inherited."
A few weeks ago, I was out in the sticks driving on county highways. A truck slowed down to a near-stop in front of me and waved out the window – I thought he was waving me on, so I passed around him, since there was nobody else around on this road. We’re talking out there going from one small town to another, mostly forest and farmland.
“There weren’t enough angels to power heaven,” said Sam. “So Naomi went to the Empty and got a bunch of them back – don’t ask me how she managed to do that, exactly, but she did. Balthasar, Castiel, several other big names. Made them an offer, come back, help power heaven, all that stuff.”
Much like the parents sometimes stay together for the kids, Dean supposed, although he’d heard that wasn’t good for them in the long run, seeing their parents miserable.
“Like they could fly,” Dean supplied. “I had read something about that once, the Europeans thought the people of the island could fly.”
I am going to add a couple other notes to this one but they will discuss some aspects of addiction and alcoholism as well as a few other things that might be difficult for some, so don't feel that you need to read those.
Sam also turned up a few weeks after Garth, full of apologies and the intention to learn more about the monsters he had grown up around, perhaps to start a lore-library here in America for those in the future who may be in need of it.
Incredibly, according to Castiel, this just happened to be where he had intercepted one of them and was successful in extracting information.
Then he blinked, and shook himself, as if in stern rebuke for sharing so much with an antagonistic stranger.
played in the background, Castiel had Dean over the arm of the couch and was fucking into him in a slow, dirty grind, clearly willing to take his time.
“Well I’m sure doing a bang-up job,” said Dean, trying to walk some of the stress off as he paced back and forth in the garden.
“I was raised in a – let’s just say, extremely religious household,” he said. “So I may not understand entirely, but run parallel.”
Castiel looked up and the way his expression changed from slight boredom to joy made Dean’s heart thrill in his chest.
“I have to say, I didn’t think a grunt like you would have it in you,” said the man, walking casually across the room.
“We’ve even had demon friends,” Dean said. “One of ‘em was sweet on the guy, used to call him Clarence. She’s gone now too. Lots of people are.”
"Bet you wanted to teach me a lesson," Dean murmured, soft and sensuous. "Makin' you do that for me."
He’d showered twice, scrubbing his skin until it was raw and then headed out to the bar, where he’d gotten so sloppy drunk that he’d been thrown out on his ear.
Dean wondered why they still felt the need for sleep here, and how different the Shining City might be from the free-range heaven of all humanity.
for there was Castiel, seated kneeling, fast asleep, in the same loose cotton pants he had worn earlier in the day -
“I’m okay,” said Dean, pushing Castiel’s hands away, because the last thing he wanted to deal with was Castiel, and Castiel touching him, up close and personal, after this particular adventure. “I’m fine, Cas, get a grip.”
“Please, Cas,” he whispered, desperate, wrapping his legs around the angel and burying his face in Castiel's shoulder.
The Dean in his mind reached out to caress these, looking amazed and awed, as he had upon seeing them when he had freed Castiel from Michael.
“The night Castiel – di – got taken by the Empty,” said Dean, “he told me that he’d made a deal with it. That he’d agreed to be taken in a moment of perfect happiness.”
My background is by all counts horrific, although I legitimately didn't realize how bad it was until encountering other people on the outside much later in life.
, and he was in that nice mellow beyond-caring stage of drunk where the whole world seemed like a vacation.
"Please touch me, please, oh fuck, Castiel, Cas, please," chanted Dean, tensed for the moment with his heart in his throat.
Castiel, as Dean could see through his lowered lashes, was caught halfway between something, struggling mightily as his hand had drifted closer, he looked completely insane with his desire, something caught so deep behind his ribs in the skin that Dean could almost
“What’s the opposite of evil? Good. Opposite of hate – look, Cas. Castiel. I’m in love with you, okay? Stupid-ass, head over heels, let’s go buy matching china patterns love.”
Dean was lost, euphoric; Castiel could feel it through their connection, a spiral that brought him higher still.
He did not wait to see Dean's wakening, and made himself scarce before the light of day had touched his charge's rumpled bedspread.
“I’m a tactician, Dean,” he said. “And I – I didn’t want to find out that – out here, you weren’t willing to admit it. So I thought it’d be easier.”
“I guess,” he said. “Forty years in Hell for me, more for you. A little over forty years here. A little over forty years in the real world.”
Dean had recently returned after his father's passing. His mother had gone many years ago, and as the eldest son he was now the inheritor of the Winchester line.
Castiel laid across him then, parts of him, layer after layer of what looked to the human eye like sentient black lace, sinking deep into Dean’s skin.
Dean took one look at his brother and crossed his arms in front of himself, a little self-conscious.
Among early Christians, the peacock represented immortality because of a folk belief that its flesh does not decay after death.
There was water pouring down from somewhere nearby. When he managed to see through his swollen eyes he saw that there was a leak in the roof, water pouring down within a few feet.
“Honestly?” Castiel said. “I don’t think so. I think we were the thing that no one expected to happen.”
fast and far, away from this place. And give Winchester Estate a wide berth. Don't come sniffing around again. Understood? Blink if yes."
the Thousand Year Dragon. Legend has it the tree is thousands of years old but experts have argued it’s really only several hundred. It’s in the Canary Islands, in Africa. Well, Spain, but physically in Africa.”
“Since we met in Hell,” murmured Castiel. “But in reality, I think…centuries. Millennia. Had I known, I would have hastened to you, if I could.”
