“Steve will bring your drinks in a moment.” That is great, actually. Tony just wants the floor to swallow him and stop Bruce from giving him the sad look.
“I am the problem… I mess everything up…” Tony is already picturing how this conversation may play out and he is tired already.
“Well, Tony, you have nothing to worry about…” Bruce says as he starts stirring his coffee, dissolving his smiley face with the gesture. “He clearly doesn’t want anything to do with you.”
“Did I like it?! I wanna marry this muffin!” And Steve just gulps at that because really? “So, this combination was your idea?” Steve nods and bites his tongue not to spill more embarrassing words. He can’t tell Tony that he suggested Carol try the coffee and dark chocolate combination with Tony on his mind. He does not want to sound like some sort of stalker.
“No, it’s not.” Steve sounds so resolved, even if it is physically evident that he is struggling to say what he wants. “I didn’t mean to imply THAT. It’s just that Peter is really innocent, I know he is extremely intelligent, but he wears his heart in his sleeve and I don’t want him to get hurt...”
“Well, he should be at school.” He says, drily. Oh fuck, does this guy really think what he seems to be implying? So much for Tony’s public image. Should he react angrily? Defend himself? Explain more? Fuck. “Why?” Well, yeah, maybe explaining himself is the right move.
“So…” Bruce turns his attention to Tony, who has followed the last exchange with a frown. “Steve, huh?”
“Oh, hi.” The shy smile Steve gives him makes up for Bruce standing him up. He doesn’t want to seem some kind of stalker, appearing at the cafe at random times as if to catch Steve’s schedule or something, so he decides to tell him why he came in the first place.
Tiberius's face was  unreadable. "Oh," he said.  He considered this. "Well. What matters now is what's happening now.  You two love each other. You're bonded. And... and Steve's old mate is being kept safe, yes?"
"Oh, neat.  My dad was a pilot.  I'm a pilot in a sense, too, I guess.  Man, it looks like Natasha's really giving Steve the ol' what-for, huh?"  He tilted his chin across the room; Natasha and Steve were engrossed in an intense discussion.  "Welp, guess that means we won't be getting a table anytime soon.  Fine by me.  I'd rather keep close to the booze.  Hold still, you have something on your neck."  Tony reached over to brush it away, but his hand stopped a few inches from Sam's skin when he realized what it was.  For once, he seemed to have nothing to say.
Steve didn't have to see Tony's face to know he was feeling. He was disappointed in him, or at least, that's what it felt like. Steve realised Tony was just like the Alpha on the floor who had sneered that Steve wouldn't be able to torture him; he'd been brought up on the history of "Cap." The playing cards, the comic books, the propaganda... but not the reality. That Steve was a soldier. He killed people, he
"I won't leave you alone," he reassured Steve, his tone surprisingly sincere.  He shifted a little, settling down to relax; he drifted off before the two of them were unknotted.
"I can't believe you're an omega," she said, shaking her head, and with that, she was swept away by the crowd.
Tony curled back up in the bed, pulling the covers over his shoulders and successfully knocking his half-eaten plate of waffles to the floor.  Steve had long-since learned that Tony had no sense of cleanliness whatsoever; he was too used to people cleaning up after him.
He lapped at Steve's neck.  "...now we mate?" he suggested, not sure who "them" was or why they wanted to kill Tony or who Tony was.
An ugly lie.  Tony knew they both owed Fury, big time.  They had their freedom, sort of. Tony had his suits.  Steve had Project 84. And Tony suspected that Fury was probably the mastermind behind keeping Bucky somewhere safe.
Steve yelped when Tony dove between his legs, turning bright pink very quickly. God. He didn't like to admit it out loud but he had loved it the first time...and he was actually very down for Tony doing it again. His throat went dry and he was definitely disappointed when Tony pulled back.
"This is actually adorable," Steve said, who currently couldn't stop smiling. It was so sweet to see Tony like this. He was a pretty adorable baby. Tony getting so embarrassed over the photos was also... pretty adorable.
It was quiet for at least a minute but it wasn't awkward. Steve was taking his time before he spoke up, because he didn't want to say the wrong thing. He knew that Tony being okay with him being double bonded was
"What'd you know about my brother?  Is he at a camp? Is he okay?" demanded Trickshot.  His face softened just a fraction. "Hawkeye is a good guy.  Is he safe?"
As a child, his father had been too busy to worry much about his son, and as he got older, his mother had grown distant, too.  She and Tony had grown apart; he resented her for putting up with his father's alcoholism and she spent more and more time involved with charity work, probably trying to steer clear of Howard, who was unpredictable when drunk.  Jarvis and Obadiah had worried about him in their own way but they seemed to share the opinion of Howard: that Tony was best left to his own devices.  Besides, Obadiah was more worried about the business and Jarvis was more worried about Howard.  The only other people who had cared for him in childhood were paid to care; Tony had had two extremely worn-out nannies whose sole purpose was to wrangle him away from electronics.  (They were only partially successful; anything with circuits was like a siren's song to Tony, and he took apart dozens of appliances as a child, which inevitably caused Howard migraines and ended in a massive family fight.)
They got into the back of Joey's car. Steve dropped the case down by their feet. It was heavy, but that was probably due to the adamantium lining the whole goddamn thing. Joey got into the driver's seat and was humming to himself as he started the engine up. Steve reached out to squeeze Tony's shoulder gentle, feeling a little sympathy queasiness in his own gut.
"...maybe.... maybe I can just go visit him?" suggest Donner hopefully, delicately, trying to compromise.  "Maybe I could just go with him for dinner or... or one night...?"
"There better be a goddamn incredible reason you stole a government jet, invaded a sovereign nation, and illegally detained and tortured one of our agents," said Fury as Natasha, Clint, Sam, and Phil all put their hands on their heads.
The moment he was out, he was lost again.  Now what?  He'd obeyed the order of getting out.  But now, he had nowhere to go, and no one was telling him what to do.
Tony stroked Steve's abs longingly, his breath catching at Steve's words.  "...would you?" he asked, also in a whisper.  Why were they whispering?  It felt right, somehow.  "...what if I asked right now?  Right this instant?  Would you then?" he asked, softly.  He wanted to believe it, wanted to so badly.  Steve on the floor, Steve on his knees, Steve gazing up at him, his face against his thigh... Tony craved to go back to that position so badly.  He'd never felt anything like that in his whole life; it felt natural, perfect... Tony had to believe that that feeling had been mutual.
Steve remembered the first time he met him. Howard patted his arm and squeezed. Steve must have looked alarmed.
. His brushed his finger's against his mate's cheek almost hesitantly. He remembered holding the gun to his own head. He remembered the chilly barrel pressed against clammy skin. He remembered being prepared to pull the trigger to stop HYDRA from taking him.
The dog was adorable. And Steve reached out to scratch between his ears before the dog was lured away by more toast. When Clint said they were practically family Steve's head shot up and Clint caught his gaze, offering him a small smile.
"Good," garbled Tony around Steve's length.  He ran his tongue along the underside, gently sucking, and reached up to stroke Steve's entrance.  His fingers came away wet and sticky; Steve was nearly whimpering. Tony wrapped an arm around one of Steve's thighs and drew him in, closer, deeper; above him he heard Steve moan appreciatively.  "Mm," murmured Tony insistently into Steve. "Mm... mm-hm..."
The suit did not collapse back into its briefcase but stood silently against the wall, an empty sentinel.
Once they were upstairs Steve led Tony to his room and then to bed. He undressed him down to his boxers and carefully leaned him against the pillows before he went to grab him a glass of water. He gently sat on the bedside Tony, handing him the water. Steve reached forward to brush his fingers through Tony's hair. "Thank you for not betting me," he said softly and then went to get his key, undoing his collar and setting it on the bedside.
When they realized they had the attention of Natasha, Sam, and Steve, they all began yelling at them.
He leaned over to nuzzle Steve's neck, hoping their earlier argument would be forgotten and they wouldn't have to talk about it.  The lights were down on their stage and the audience's attention was on the performance on Set 2, giving them relative privacy.
Designing and building things came naturally to him, but Steve's moral compass... Tony couldn't compete with that.
Natasha rolled her eyes.  "Эти шрамы... они не от ветряной оспы," she observed, leveling Steve with a questioning look.
"Hey.  Steve Rogers.  I just want you to know, man, that you-- you really changed my life, you know, like, after you came out, I finally stopped taking suppressants and I came out too and I never felt more, you know, like, liberated--"  A pause. He reached up to lower his sunglasses a little and make eye contact with Steve. "...you have no idea who I am, do you? ...man, see, that's what I love about this guy, he's so
Coulson and Sitwell both burst into laughter.  Phil actually looked like he was going to start crying; he was wheezing a little with mirth.  Steve had never seen him laugh that hard.
Since Steve had returned, Tony hadn't asked him to kneel and he hadn't bitten the back of Steve's neck.  Their love-making had been tender and personal but it hadn't resembled the primal sort of mating they'd occasionally indulged in.  Tony hadn't asked, partially because he was worried doing so would be insensitive and partially because the idea of biting that unfamiliar mark on Steve's neck made his skin crawl.
Lila was still crying and Clint was trying and failing to calm her down. The way he was looking down at her made Steve's chest constrict a little. He'd never seen Clint look at anyone like that before, not even Natasha.
"Are you serious?  No music! ...can you turn down the brightness on that thing?"  The arc reactor alone was practically a flashlight, but the eyes and the RT nodes in the palms weren't exactly subtle, either.
Steve got them into their tent and set Tony down on the mattress. "Why did you have to get drunk Tony?" he sighed, frowning. His brow knotted together. "Come on. I get that you punched that guy, and that was awesome-- but there's kids around. And you know I hate it. And I don't want other people to see you like this."  He let out a withered sigh. "And it's my birthday," Steve whispered.
, but you just wanna make a point, don't you?  You just want something you can burn afterwards, feel like the strong, independent omega you are.  Bet it's real fuckin' easy to feel independent when your Alpha is basically just a glorified beta."
"Really.  No use dwelling on it.  Steve, listen. You don't have to sign up or anything like that.  But we'd love if we could borrow you for an ad campaign to encourage membership.  It would really drive a lot of money our way and help us out. You don't have to say yes now; just think about it," said Tiberius.  "Those pictures of you in
Steve turned.  The party guests were still gawking.  "...go home!" barked Steve.  "Party's over!" Finally, the guests began to move. Steve sagged against a sofa for a brief second of relief and shuddered. "Fuck..." Steve just had a few bruises and the odd cut from broken glass, but it would heal rapidly.  It always did. Steve's vision swam a little and he blinked, rubbing at his temple till it began to settle down.
He sat on the floor, feeling the rumble of the plane's engines beneath him as they glided eastward, and dragged a gauntlet into his lap.  He gave it a few experimental flexes before sliding his hand into the skeletal metal scaffold.  The metal hand was a work in progress, an improvement over the old design.  He hadn't put any plates over it yet, so it was still was hollow, made up of wires and poles and bits of scrap folded over each other like scaling.  He'd drawn inspiration from his own tendons; after all, weren't tendons themselves just organic puppet strings?  He flexed, feeling the metal brace slide and shift with his body.  It was incredibly heavy and he had yet to weaponize it.  But he was pleased with the fluidity of movement.  The gears shifted a bit jerkily; he'd have to work on that.  He grabbed a screwdriver with his opposite hand and began picking away at the wires and circuits.  Nowadays, he didn't go anywhere without at least one suit of armor.  Sure, he might look paranoid... but look at what had happened in Monaco.
The soldier's heart dropped a little.  There was the girl, the one with the weird eyes who made him see visions.  The hair on the back of his neck rose a little. She stared at him and even though she was a beta and he knew she couldn't smell him, he felt like she knew everything about him anyway, his thoughts and feelings and all the tiny little pheromonal smells that an Alpha would have been able to sense.
"But I did," he echoed. "For you. I don't know. Maybe a part of me was mad at myself for doing it, but it felt as simple as breathing. And for the first time ever, since I woke up in this place, I felt like maybe...
your birthday... but one of our nights here I am going to get you to dance, just so you know," he warned him playfully.
"C'mon, Steve, you can't let this ruin your day.  Let's grab a shower and then go downstairs to have breakfast with everyone... Donner needs your influence.  He needs to see omegas like you and Banksy and George being people instead of slaves."
"And we're worried about the environment you're in," added Dr. Brazinski.  (She had heard from Malick, through the grapevine, that Tony had been at the conference drunk and wearing a squirrel costume.)
allowed to say it," said Happy, who had retrieved his fries.  "So... who are these people and why were they trying to kill you?  How come everyone's shooting up heroin?"
Back in the safety of Steve's apartment, he double-checked on Steve, then drank the wine straight from the bottle in the kitchen before pulling off his jeans and crawling back into bed with Steve.  The wine did exactly what he wanted it to; he was buzzed and sleepy again, ready to pass out for the night.  He slid an arm around Steve's waist and slowly stroked his hair as he slept, admiring the strength of his jawline, the delicacy of his eyelashes, the bow of his lips.  Steve's face was perfect.  All of him was perfect.  An effect of the serum, maybe?  That must be it.  Tony had never been so fascinated with an individual and he could only conclude that his attraction was unnatural, a response to the serum.  Of course, that didn't keep Tony was enjoying it.  He stared at Steve's sleeping form with the intensity of an artist ogling one of their master's creations, petting the soft hair on the back of his neck, letting his eyelids slowly droop.  He sank into the bed, hugging Steve, his confusing, fast-paced world shrunk to a simple apartment with homey smells and down pillow and a gorgeous blond who knew how to drop-kick a man and also how to paint a skyline in watercolor paint.
When Malick looked up at him Steve thought he might be in for some kind of shit. But the man said nothing as Steve made his way up to Tony. "Are you alright?" he asked quietly, turning away from Gideon's gaze. He stared at the table. Why was Tony's collar on it? How strange. "What's going on?"
He felt so bad. Tony was making such an effort to prove to Steve that he wasn't put off by his neck and Steve wasn't even appearing grateful. He sighed and stared over the table and the mess of orchids.
He realized what Steve was trying to say.  He didn't want to mate in the studio, with the drawing on the wall staring at them.
And here: a picture of Howard and Maria sitting on the couch together, smiling at a camera, and there,
Steve laughed again, in relief this time, his shoulders shaking. He almost wanted to cry, he was so relieved. Steve peeked over at Tony between his forearms and shook his head. "I was real scared for a second there. Jiminy Christmas. Let's never do that again."
Then it was SNL. And Steve did okay! Or at least, Aria told him so. "You did awesome. You nailed it!" she said as they stepped out and into the car to be driven home. It was late. Steve had hung back to talk with some of the cast. "Everyone loved it Steve. They got just the right amount of politics in... it was
"We were asking Captain Rogers if he would consider an ad campaign," Ty said, watching Aria with some interest. She flicked through the diary.
Steve laughed softly. "Well, you know where the coffee is..." He pointed out and leaned down to nip at Tony's bottom lip softly. As his Alpha pulled on his boxers he rolled over and pulled on his shirt from off the floor, it hung just low enough to be decent but revealed a peek of ass with every step he took.
"You're special... you're my omega... I chose you and you're mine," purred Tony, leaning back onto the pile of blankets as Steve wiggled his hips and began riding him.  He felt the knot squeeze into Steve and let out a small, understated gasp as Steve began pumping him. He closed his eyes and leaned his head back.
"I'll go wherever you wanna go," Steve told him, all those different names not really meaning anything to him in particular.  "And Natasha might not kick your ass... if we don't let on that we just...you know." He was glad the shower hid his blush again. But seriously, Natasha would probably kill Tony. She wanted the best for Steve; it was all in good intentions, but it meant her and Clint got protective pretty quickly.
Sam and Natasha both trained their guns on him, looking confused about how he'd ended up there and with all the notes to boot.
"Well," said Banksy, still stifling giggles, "if you're on vacation or in heat, just let me know and me and the others in Status Alliance are happy to help make sure Project 84 runs smoothly.  We're gonna get 'em, Stevie." He gave Steve's hand another squeeze, then got to his feet to wobble back to the kitchen.
Hey everyone!  Thanks for being patient with us; we skipped last Sunday's usual update because of Easter.  Please also note that we will NOT be updating on April 26th due to the Infinity War release.
thing to win an omega?  I doubt it's permanent, I think you just win them for a night.  They could just hang out with you, swim in the pool, eat my food... you know, live their life as a normal person for once, instead of
He shivered when Tony nuzzled and licked at the mark he'd left. Would this one stick properly? Surely it would...if it had tasted okay?
Kitchen seemed to be the closest semi-private option short of removing Phil, who was clearly one of those nesters who got territorial.  Anyway, that was fine, Tony liked the idea of fucking Steve over the countertop. Mostly he just wanted to get it done with. Steve's heat had reduced sex to a chore, an exercise.  There was little foreplay or affection, something Tony had grown used to over the last seven months.
, though, only that "it," whatever "it" was, was dangerous and powerful.  Steve had recognized it from a drawing of an actual hypercube, but a hypercube was merely a shape.  Not a thing.  Tony felt like everyone might as well be talking about "the rectangle" or "the pyramid."  Maybe they didn't know what the hell it was after all and that was all they knew: its shape.  That made it even more intriguing to Tony.  He desperately wanted to see it.  For one thing, he'd never seen a 4D object with the influence of a ton of drugs.
"Steve, use your Captain America charm... use your omega wiles," whispered Tony.  He wiggled his hips a little in encouragement. The encouragement was for Steve, but his body responded immediately; he was hard again.  He groaned and began thrusting slowly into Steve, still feeling nauseous.
Donner looked up as they came to the heavy metal gates outside of Tony's estate.  Happy waited for them to open, then eased the car down the long, winding drive.
Steve hung up and then gently stood, picking Tony up in his arms. He tucked him into the cot, shrugging off his jacket and draping it over Tony, leaving himself in just his undershirt. Then he stepped outside, finding Judy. "Hey, Judy?"  She spun around to face him. "Tony's not very well, so I'm gonna take him home tonight. Do you think we could get our friend's brother on the plane and transferred to another hospital?"
"Minor panic attack.  Nothing new," said Tony, face still buried in Steve's chest.  Before Pepper could ask, he added, "Not about the anniversary.  'Bout bonding stuff. I'm okay."
When Steve woke up the bed was empty and he could smell pancakes (or was it waffles?) being made downstairs. Steve smiled and curled as he let out a yawn, his back curling up like a cat's before he rolled out of bed. He hopped in the shower quickly and then grabbed a dressing gown once he was dry enough and headed downstairs.
"Yeah, I guess," said Tony with a shrug.  As good as things would ever be, he figured.  "...he got me flowers," he added, nodding toward the roses on the table.
"I'm sorry I played a part in your shitty childhood Tony, even though I wasn't around." His tone was sincere. He meant it.  "I woke up about four months ago. All of my friends were dead or dying, I didn't know or understand anything. They trained me up best they could and then they offered me this. Howard's son? I thought it might make things easier, being around something linked to my past. But it didn't because you're not really anything like him." Steve paused for a moment. "They asked me to send diagrams of your designs. I didn't. I just wrote my report. I know I betrayed your trust and I violated your privacy but I never hurt Stark industries, or sold out your suit designs, or compromised the people around you. And you can read the report I wrote yourself; I actually emailed it to you. But you never check your emails, so..."
Tony forced himself to let go of Steve, trailing his fingers over Steve's skin before making his way toward the bathroom.  He expected Steve to follow him.  He somehow knew he would, if only he lead.  As tempting as it was to continue annoying him, Tony needed to brush his teeth and to wash the dried semen off his stomach, and do something about the beard situation.  He wouldn't be caught dead with his facial hair the way it was now.  Tony rarely let himself be seen in public unless he was dressed in a three-piece suit and immaculately shaved.  Around Steve, he didn't care.
"Tomorrow we're meeting with some jewelers," said Tony.  "Bulgari, Harry Winston, and Cartier are the three we have to choose from.  I'm guessing none of that means anything to you, does it? They're all very posh.  Hermès, Piaget, and David Yurman have put in bids, too. Basically everyone wants Captain America wearing their collars.  And FYI, now that the jewelry industry knows, the story that we're buying is going to break probably in the next forty-eight hours."  A pause. "Personally I am a very big fan of Bulgari. Although David Yurman has some charity foundation he's always on about so maybe you'll wanna look into that.  I don't really care. Did you know both Cartier and Harry Winston owned the Hope Diamond at one point? But I think diamonds on collars are tacky. I think we should go for something more... y'know... masculine, I guess.  Like maybe enameled gold or something."
"His ribs are damaged. We recommend bed rest. And if any signs of concussion persist you have to take him to the ER," the paramedic said. "He shouldn't really be flying..."
"Okay, y'all have been split up into teams," said Lawrence, taking over.  "Alpha, Bravo, Charlie, and Delta. Team Echo is residual and Team Foxtrot is emergency medical personnel.  Cap, you're on Team Alpha, which will be the sweep that immediately follows the serving of the search warrant and will be headed by you and Judy.  Remember to stick with your team at all times. We don't want no one being by themselves at any point, for liability purposes; I expect every single person on site to be within hollering distance of a teammate.  Y'all got that?" More nodding.
He didn't like Bucky, not a bit.  But Tony understood they'd done something terrible to him.  And that, however much he considered Bucky a rival, Bucky still hadn't deserved that.
"We could grab something to eat on the way over. You said we have to arrive a bit later than everyone else, right?" Steve said, clearly not wanting to leave Tony behind.
"You can come with me, but I'm still going Tony," Steve breathed. "They're sending me because I'm the best person to go. Dissecting a base isn't just about strength, it's about tactics and I'm
"I don't actually know where we're going," he admitted sombrely. "I've just got to get you somewhere safe."
Donner looked petrified.  He slogged through the paperwork, clearly disappointed that this process had any paperwork involved at all.
Steve slumped down on the sofa with Tony laid on top of him, still feeling dazed and light-headed as his vision settled on the smashed vase on the table. They were safe here, he reminded himself. Rhodey was on top of it. They had suits...they were safe. Steve sighed and let his eyes slip shut. He was warm and full of Tony's spent and Tony himself. Right now Steve couldn't think of any feeling that was better.
"Give him a break," said Coulson, walking in slowly, toweling his hair.  "He's post-heat. He's probably just exhausted."
Bucky had ruined everything and yet... he was the only reason Steve had made it this far. Fate was cruel to him.
It was a unique experience to Tony, to put this level of trust in anyone.  Aside from Pepper and Rhodey, he lacked that with just about everything else in his life.  Perhaps even only with Pepper, who was (un?)fortunate enough to see him drunk very often.
Steve sat cross-legged on the floor, rifling through the box with gentle hands. He thumbed over the badge and he had to swallow down the lump in his throat again. He swallowed. All the remaining pieces of his past...crowded up into a shoebox. Maybe it was a little sad to have lost so much but he was still so grateful to Tony for just having this small part of his old life to show him. There was a photo of Dugan laughing. The photo didn't need to be in colour for Steve to know just what shade of pink his cheeks must of been.
He slipped out of his chair and limped over to the stairs, exiting the shop and climbing heavily up the stairs.  "Unmute.  So, seriously, how's it work, can you guys knock each other up?  Female Alpha and male omega... who sticks what where, exactly?"
"It's funny 'cause you're a fossil," said Tony affectionately, reaching backwards for Steve's hand while trying to take notes, one-handed, about another case of skeleton keys.
Tony dragged over a gauntlet, half-open, and began moving the internal wires around.  It felt good to be back in the lab, back at work, back with his tools. Tony worked in silence for about ten minutes, but then thoughts of Donner began to creep into his mind, and so he had JARVIS turn on some music, and turned the volume all the way up.  His bond was quiet; Steve, he suspect, was asleep.
What Natasha had said about cheating the test rang true with him and he'd decided to dedicate himself fully to passing the psych eval.  He had already begun using JARVIS to study compounds to counteract the drugs, to compile lists of breathing exercises, to find ways to manage anxiety and dream lucidly and resist hypnosis.  Tony felt that if anyone had the mental fortitude to completely and totally nail the psych evaluation, it was him.
Tony paused, legs and arms making wide, lazy sweeps in the water.  He glanced down. The ankle monitor was wavy beneath the surface. At least they were waterproof, thought Tony vaguely.  Wait, were they? He sure hoped so, otherwise SHIELD was going to have to drive over and give them new ones.
Jasper Sitwell sat in an interview room looking nervous. He was sweaty, his forehead shiny, and he kept tugging at the collar of his shirt. He shifted and squirmed a little in his seat, swallowing down the water from the plastic cup with a shaky hand. Sitwell didn't look good. He wasn't good at this. That's what HYDRA valued about him; he was expendable.
He reached down to pull his stiff cock from his boxers, against which it was straining uncomfortably; he watching Steve, stroking himself slowly, enjoying the sight.  He
Steve's body was arching under Tony, desperately, expectantly, raising his hips, an invitation.  It was like he was in heat or something. Tony's cock grazed the inside of Steve's thigh and came away slick; Steve was practically dripping.
Pepper and Sitwell were muttering about a first aid kit and and the latter disappeared with it before he returned, dropping it onto the counter by Steve before Sitwell promptly grabbed some kitchen towel and pressed it against the wound.
Steve could appreciate the situation Natasha was in.  She wasn't a snitch; she probably trusted SHIELD less than Steve did.  But there was no denying that Steve was now a liability.  Being mentally connected to the Winter Soldier was probably about the worst person in the world he could be linked to.
Steve had one hand free; the other was pinned under his own body.  The suit's hands were around his neck. He hadn't thought about it. Not really. He'd just
"Tony, you know I support your fad diets, but this juice cleanse... how much of that stuff are you drinking?  I don't know that it's healthy," said Pepper.
He reached out for Tony's hand, their fingers brushing together. "Do you actually want to eat out--" His blush darkened. "--like, for real.  Whatever you want," Steve said softly, running his fingers along the inside of his wrist. "I mean it Tony."
"...your impromptu apology, while certainly... sincere... has the public believing that you have three Alphas," said Malick.  "As a matter of security, we do not think it would be wise to disclose the identity of the Winter Soldier."
Bucky sat on the bed and felt a terrible sense of invasion as she began picking into his consciousness.  A feeling like a cold egg being smashed against his head, but on the inside, coupled with a throbbing behind-the-eyes headache and a drop in his stomach like he'd fallen suddenly.  And then flashes of memories, thoughts unbidden, as she called them up for him.
to compare it to exercise... look, I'm not going to tell you how to treat your own body, Tony. It's your life and it's your choice."
"...Bucky was your mate before Tony," pointed out Dr. Brennan quietly.  "Do you want him to find you? If he does, what's your plan for... dealing, as you put it?"
Tony shuddered on top of Steve; Steve caught his lips and nudged at his tongue, almost tentatively.  Tony pushed back, dominating Steve's mouth, satisfied and secure in his authority.
"I think Aria, my assistant, said they wanted to do something in the Oval Office, but I don't really know what," Steve said.
He sat on the stoop and put his face in his hands.  The air was fucking frigid, but he didn't want to go back into the club and watch Rogers having the time of his life.  It was better this way.  Them just being pals.  Buck deserved this, after what he'd put Rogers through.  He'd saved his life, sure, but also been a real jerk about it.
Steve laughed gently. "I'm not a reindeer," he reminded him, a playful glint in his eyes as he moved to hoist Tony up into his arms, one arm under his back and the other under his knees. He smiled and kissed his alpha's forehead before he moved them up the steps, taking them two at a time like it was nothing.
"Very impressive," Steve hummed. He walked over to kiss Tony's temple with a smile. He stared down at himself, still in his exercise gear. "I need to go shower," he said, squeezing Tony's side gently. Steve's smile turned a tad suggestive. "Wanna join me?"
Obadiah had been unbonded and resolutely believed that bonding made Alphas into fools; he discouraged Tony from getting "chummy" with any omegas and Tony had spent his life seeking out the company of beta women without question.  But if Howard had lived, he might very well have been introduced to some poor, unwilling, brainwashed omega, someone like DeSoto.
A companionable silence accompanied them for the next twenty minutes or so before Sam spoke up again.
Another weird prickle.  Her greeting was wrong. Steve wasn't an Alpha.  But before Tony could say a damn thing (such as "What the hell are you talking about?"), she settled back down onto the bed, kicking away the sheets, smiling up at them like they had a meeting that Tony and Steve had forgotten about.
No one-- not Steve, not Clint, not even Natasha-- seemed to think it was weird how Couslon, an unbonded omega, was bossing Tony around.  Tony knew when he'd met his match.  Coulson had all of Pepper's fierceness and attitude.  He heaved a dramatic, world-weary sigh and loped toward the steps to his basement garage-cum-shop.  He glanced over his shoulder to make sure Steve was following.
The man looked a little over fifty. Irshad didn't appear to recognize him. He looked familiar to Steve.
"Just your fragile masculinity," Steve told him and then slipped away, heading back into the omega den and to the auctionees. He didn't want to give that man any more of his time then he had to. He pulled out his phone and texted Tony.
. A side of him Tony had never seen because that wall of professionalism had been up around him 24/7. "And if you can't work out who I am then maybe you aren't quite as clever as you think you are. Because I barely even changed my goddamn name.  I mean, come on... Stan Rogers?  And no-- I wasn't four different guys running around with a shield. It was just little ol' me and I've been frozen in the sea for the past 70 years.  I came back and I was assigned to follow you, to access your suitability for the Avengers Initiative--"
Tony squeezed his hand.  "Don't worry, I'll set you up with an account.  For our hashtag, I was thinking,
He demanded an Eldritch knot on his tie from Pepper and spent at least fifteen minutes playing with Steve's hair.  Tony had strong feelings on hair; he spent an inordinate amount of time on his every morning, sometimes up to thirty minutes, and that didn't even include trimming his goatee.  Tony had spent ages in the bathroom grooming himself and had even asked Steve to shave, even though Steve, being an omega and blond, only shaved once a month, tops, and rarely grew anything more than a fine, downy fuzz that couldn't really be called a beard at all.
"Yeah... yeah, it kinda is," she hummed. "So, the Times. Shall we say Saturday? That gives you another day for honeymoon. But we don't want you in the dark for too long Steve."
"He did everything Karpov said. It was terrifying," Steve whispered so the children messing around in the background couldn't hear. "He nearly made him-- I mean, he made him
Charlotte grabbed a pool stick and began chalking it up with practiced ease.  Clearly, Tony had misjudged her. Despite being tipsy, she looked ready to kick some ass.  Alphas had a natural tendency to get competitive, which is one reason "Alpha v. omega" was considered a good idea; if all the Alphas were on one team, they were far less likely to get worked up at each other.
"Did you like it?  Being held down?" he asked curiously.  "I mean... normally... Alphas pin omegas... just wondering if you ever... well... y'know.  Want that. Obviously I can't really..." He shrugged a little. A pause. "I guess that's why I built it.  Because I wanted to be stronger than myself. Wanted to be able to fight back." His voice lowered. "That's the thing about brains versus brawn.  Someone hits you, you can hit back. When you're smart, you can't hit back. You have to plan. You have to wait. Be patient." He stared at the expressionless mask of the suit of armor, the brilliance of its red and gold sheen.  "I had to wait, for ninety-six days. They say revenge is a dish best served cold, but..." He trailed off, still eyeing the suit. "But now I don't have to wait anymore," he finished.
A smudge of concealer and foundation on top got rid of the mark. They didn't worry about dressing him up; they simply took photos of him as he was, in the clothes he'd arrived in, some more close up ones of his face and others of his full body. They did playful, warm poses. Nothing too dominating or serious; Steve didn't want to still look like he was trapped in a forties mindset. They even took a few shots of him with the shirt undone- Steve knew that would just piss Fury off
on the screen. Looking around, he sees that Tony's made a surreptitious getaway sometime in the middle of Peter's freakout. He sighs, puts his phone away, and asks himself if it would be the coward's way out to call for Sam.
Steve doesn't see much of Tony throughout the rest of the weekend, but he doesn't mind. Their relationship is still new, and besides, Peter needs his dad more. So he deals with seeing Tony in the ten minutes after Peter goes to sleep and text messages. It's good, it's
“Yeah, it has some carrots and celery, but they're cooked until they're soft,” Steve replies at Tony's shrug.
“Come here, bug. Look, I know it's hard being bullied and picked on, so we all think it's a good idea for you to stay home today, but we'll all be there in the morning to talk to your principal about what's going on, okay? I'm not sayin’ the teachers are blameless for what's happening, but if you don't tell anyone, no one can try to make it better. But that's for tomorrow. Today, we are going to go to my work for a bit, then we'll go to lunch when your dad gets out of his meeting.”
Pepper’s brownstone is blissfully dark and cool; Tony sheds the armour and falls face-first onto her couch. He’s asleep within moments.
“Mr Stark, with all due respect, I've been doing this for a while without help, so I, I really think I have it covered.”
Steve packs his duffel bag with a couple of changes of clothes brought from his flat in DC by Agent 13, gingerly places his shield in its case, and makes a quick meal out of the few perishables in the refrigerator. He eats slowly while sitting on the couch, staring around the living room. A heavy, sinking sensation in his gut nearly overwhelms him; it takes a moment to identify it: guilt. Tony went out of his way to give them all a place to stay, a place to call home no matter where they are in the world or what they’re doing, and Steve is planning to leave with no return date in mind. The sandwich turns to sawdust on his tongue. He forces himself to swallow the bite and reaches for his duffel bag. The sketchbook is lying right on top. He pulls it out, flips to a clean page, and grabs a pencil from the set.
, Steve thinks helplessly as he wonders exactly what he did in a past life to deserve a soulmate who hates him so much.
Steve stands in the doorway to Peter's room, watching as Peter slowly drifts off; once the child lets out a shaky breath, Steve steps out of the room, pulling the door closed slightly behind him, and makes his way to the living room. Peter's toys are strewn all over the floor; Steve really should have asked Peter to clean up before bed. It's too late now, so he sighs and gets to work. The toys go in the basket by the hallway, books back on the shelves, and colouring supplies in the drawer of the entertainment centre. After everything is cleaned up, including the few dishes from dinner, Steve sprawls out on the couch.
“Stop, that doesn’t help. Yes, Clint, we thought this through. Loki will be spending as long as it takes training with me daily, then he’ll be taking my place on the field. I’ll be working with SHIELD behind the scenes and giving orders and suggestions where I can. Thor has promised to keep an eye on Loki, make sure he doesn’t try to screw us over. We have backup plans for backup plans.”
it, no, Steve’s not the type to let Tony think that way about it. But Tony sees it differently – he’s
His mailbox is full when he checks it, and Steve rifles through the stack as he walks up the stairs. He comes to a stop when he reaches the top. Tony is sitting on the welcome mat outside Steve’s door, his attention on the phone in his hands. Steve watches him, soaks in the sight for a moment, before he clears his throat. Tony jolts, his phone clattering to the floor, and when he realises it's just Steve, he sends a flat, unamused look before climbing to his feet.
Thankfully, Tony is laughing even as he reaches for a napkin from the dispenser at the end of the table. Steve swiftly pushes it further away from Tony’s grasping fingers. They calm a bit after a few minutes, and that’s only because the waitress is back with Tony’s plate in hand, and Steve watches the other diners as Tony takes a bite of his burger. There’s the low hum of appliances, the hiss of the percolator on the counter, the buzz of soft conversation, and it’s relaxing. When Tony sets his burger back on his plate, he swallows and sighs heavily.
“You're going to have to calm down, Thor. This ー” he motions to the brewing storm. “ー is going to make people ask questions.”
Steve manages to push himself to his feet and out the door. He ignores Bucky motioning at him in the parking lot, just turns toward home and makes his way down the block. By the time he gets to his building, his neck feels like it's on fire, and he's sweating through his shirt. He unlocks his door, slamming it shut behind him. He would normally feel guilty over it ー he's not the only one who lives in the building, after all ー but his emotions are all mixed up, a jumbled maelstrom he can't make heads nor tails of.
“Breathe, Steve. C’mon, there ya go. We’re almost there, just a bit more. Don’t worry, we’ll take care of that shit. Come on, you gotta move, buddy, one foot in front of the other.”
“Oh, by the way. Stark is opening up some floors in the tower if we wanna stay there whenever we’re in New York. Which might be more now that SHIELD is recruiting again.”
“That’s…that’s good. He’s usually well-behaved, but he also usually has more than five minutes’ warning about a sudden shift in schedule.”
Steve’s response is cut off by whispering amongst the queen and her advisor. She holds up a slender hand, and the man falls silent, barely concealing his frustration, but Frigga says nothing of it.
“Did I mention I’m always working?” continues Tony, speaking right over her. “I’d always be gone, in and out of the kid’s life like a ghost. Oh, God, I’d be just like Howard.”
“Money won’t solve everything, Tony,” snaps Steve, which makes Tony happier than it should because, hey, yay emotions!
“Very good, Captain. Now if you will move three parts of your body around, slowly and methodically. It can be your arm, fingers, ankle, toes. And please remember to breathe.”
meeting, back to back, then there’s a walkthrough of a potential factory, but I just had ー oh, shit, she’s coming, I gotta go, heel-to-head imminent. But Steve… I love you, too, and I hate that I’m saying this to your voicemail, but I do. I love you. Call me later?”
It all comes to a boil eventually, because isn't that the way it always goes? Someone's content with ignoring their feelings, keeping everything tucked away in a neat little box that has an enormous sign saying “Do Not Open ー Contents Under Pressure”, and life goes on until it doesn't. Until they're rocked out of their routine of wake up, pity themself for about an hour, drink enough coffee to severely diminish the stock of the nearest hundred Starbucks shops, then don a mask and pretend everything is hunky dory, just peachy.
Steve stands in the middle of the room, wearing a sunny yellow sundress and a pair of modest heels. Pepper is perched on the end of the bed, gaze sharp and assessing; when she waves her hand, Steve steps forward shakily, nearly stumbles but manages to regain his balance enough to keep walking. He reaches the far wall, turns, and walks back to the centre of the room. Pepper nods after he’s come to a stop.
The drive back to their apartment building is comfortably silent; Tony keeps his hand in Steve's the entire time, and Steve keeps hold of the feeling deep in his chest, the one that tells him this is
“Have you been with a woman? Yes, some women shave their pubic hair. Personally, I’ve found it to be far more trouble than it’s worth, but it’s always good practise to keep it, at the least, trimmed neatly – like Tony has to trim his goatee.”
“You should've taken better care of yourself,” Steve murmurs before pressing his lips against the skin behind Tony's ear, relishing the way Tony shivers.
“You should ask him out,” announces Natasha, and Steve chokes on his coffee at the non-sequitur, considering the conversation had firmly been on the drama that comes from a project affiliated with Alexander Pierce.
She rises and walks away without looking back. Tony waits until she has disappeared into the elevator to climb to his feet; her words echo in his head, and he sighs. This is going to take a while to make up for.
”. And under other circumstances, it would’ve been true, but Natasha is the one who’s spent so much time with him lately, has kept him sane through all of Steve’s hormone-induced mood swings and his own panicking that he’s not ready to be a father. Tony’s never had such a terrifying best friend before; not even Pepper reaches the same level as Nat.
“What are we supposed to do if we get a call to go out and fight crazy people intent on destroying or taking over the world? Say, ‘No, thanks, we can’t today, since our dear old Captain America is knocked up’?” Clint drains his beer and begins picking at the label. “I just, I have to ask. Did you even think this through?”
“I was here first. It isn’t my fault you weren’t paying attention.” Natasha shifts, a silhouette against sparkling lights. “I thought you saw me.”
) but carefully peeled back the tape until the drawing, safe in a frame, was exposed. Steve struggled against his nervousness, and his palms grew sweatier the longer Tony stayed quiet. Finally, his dark eyes shifted from the art, pinning Steve with an intense, thoughtful look.
A small sign taped to the window instructs him to ring the bell. He does, pressing the button then staring awkwardly at the grey metal of the door. The sound of a quiet buzz startles him.
“Will Captain Rogers be joining as well?” asks the doctor with a knowing smile, but Steve doesn’t really care, can’t care, past the fact that their daughter is trying her best to make her way into this world.
Pepper clears her throat quietly, and  Coulson's head swivels toward her instinctively. “You two...know each other, then?”
But this… This is beauty and ecstasy, pleasure and love, everything good Steve has ever felt, all wrapped up and overwhelming in the best ways. His hands brace against Tony's shoulders as his thighs start trembling, aching with exertion, but he doesn't stop moving, doesn't stop impaling himself on Tony's cock. He gasps and whimpers, cries out, at each slick slide. Tony drags his palms over the top of Steve's thighs, before Steve finds himself nearly bursting into tears when fingers wrap solidly around his erection, tugging and stroking and teasing, until the pleasure builds up and explodes deep in his gut, spreads along his nerves. He opens his eyes and could almost come again just at the sight of the mess on Tony's stomach and chest, the vivid white-blue of the arc reactor interrupted by stripes of cum. Tony grins up at him, but the smile leeches away and turns to an open-mouthed, wordless shout when Steve pushes himself down with a little more force, squeezing the hard length that's currently deep inside of him. Tony shifts, pushes against Steve with strong thighs, and Steve's back hits the mattress. Tony speeds up the pace but still stares at Steve with an intensity that sends a consuming warmth through Steve.
Steve glances up from his work to see a delivery man about a foot away from Thor, a box in hand. He makes his way through the desks, coming to a stop at Steve's side.
Steve pulls into a stall in a parking garage a block away from the address he was given; after locking the doors, he glances at the GPS map on his phone’s screen and sets off in what he hopes is the right direction.
. His eyes burn with unshed tears as Tony fills him over and over and over again, and he can’t stop the noises that fall from his open mouth. Tony drapes over his back, one hand wrapping around Steve’s shoulder, the other coming to rest over Steve’s heart, and Steve cries out at the change of angle, at the way Tony’s cock slides across his prostate repeatedly, at the way their soulmarks seem to vibrate and sing with the contact. He brings a hand up to grab on tightly to Tony’s wrist, holds him close.
Natasha and Sam drift off to sleep late in the evening after hours of figuring out a plan and  dinner picked up by Sam from the McDonald’s five minutes down the road. Steve can’t sleep, though; instead, he sits in the chair at the rickety table and stares at the map and all of its brightly-coloured tabs evidencing HYDRA’s unfortunate continued existence. He can’t think of anything except for how his life was never meant to turn out this way. He was supposed to lead the Commandos to a victory, go home after the war, and live a long full life with Peggy and Bucky. Instead, he laid down his life, and, by some miracle or a fluke in the serum’s chemistry, he survived seventy years and awoke to find a world that had forgotten all about Steve Rogers and memorialised Captain America.
He ends the call, hurries upstairs to the penthouse. The sound of whimpering forces him even faster, and he nearly runs into the closed door in his rush. Tony flings the door open, catching sight of the bed within seconds.
Steve turns to see a tall woman striding toward them in heels, her arms full of tablets and files; her golden-red hair gleams under the lights of the atrium, and the business suit she's wearing was obviously designed to demand attention and respect. Steve finds himself subconsciously straightening his back as much as he can as she nears. She still towers over him, and he forces a smile at her emotionless expression. She raises an eyebrow but shuffles her load until she can hold one manicured hand out. He shakes her hand, grimacing at how clammy his palms suddenly are.
ー when it’s obvious that he wants little to nothing to do with any of them? He couldn’t get away fast enough after the trip through the wormhole, so it makes no sense that he would welcome them with open arms. The only conclusion that Steve can reach as he’s showering that night is that Director Fury demanded it, bribed Tony with
“I… Look, I love Sarah already, have since you told me you were pregnant, but let’s just keep her last name at Rogers, okay? Please?”
“Thank you for that refreshing bout of honesty,” she snarks dryly; Tony turns to watch the muted television, watches himself speak then walk away. “It’s been on a loop on all the major stations. The nicest I’ve heard is that you’ did the right thing in not accepting mistreatment of the people you care about. The worst –” She unmutes the TV.
music filtered out, and Frigga’s smile widened. She listened for a moment before closing the lid and setting the box aside.
Coulson’s eyebrows raise toward his hairline, and he chuckles along with Steve. The gorgeous woman sitting next to him looks between the two as if they'd lost their minds, and Tony leans closer to Steve, nudging him in the side with a carefully-placed elbow.
Something pinches his thigh, and he jerks backwards. Dum-E, You, and Butterfingers crowd around him, and damn if the three bots don’t look worried. He draws in a breath, holds it for a count of five, and exhales shakily, repeating the process until he feels more even-footed.
“This is something you need to bring up with him. C’mon, we’ll do some research into reputable adoption agencies or surrogates.”
The floor lurches under his feet, and he makes his way to the door on unsteady legs. The motel manager stands on the other side, her expression torn between irritation and concern. She fakes a step back when the door catches on the end of the chain, and Steve peers through the crack.
Tony crosses the room once the last nurse leaves, sits on the edge of the bed. Steve presses a button on the remote until the head of the bed is raised. Tony was right: Their daughter is gorgeous. Dark wisps of hair poke out from under the stretchy little cap she wears, and her cheeks are surprisingly chubby for her premature arrival. Steve strokes a finger softly across her forehead.
Tony's eyes flutter shut, and he grits his teeth to keep from shouting. “Steve, please, I, I don't think I have it in me to keep going through this. I'll be fine, I promise, I'll be fine once I get over this, and I will. I'm Tony Stark. I get over everything. Nothing ever matters enough for me
more parts coming, just 'bonus content' and extra scenes that didn't quite fit into the main portion of this fic. So be on the lookout for those~
Tony comes to a stop just inside the kitchen, staring around at the scene in front of him. Bruce is standing at the island counter and dicing up bell peppers; Natasha sits at the table with a book and a mug of tea, ignoring everyone as she reads, though how she's ignoring Clint's yelps of pain when Bruce smacks his hand with the flat of his knife is...it's a miraculous feat. Maybe she's just used to it, Tony doesn't know, but it's plausible considering how long the two SHIELD agents have known each other and just how easily and often Clint manages to do something dumb to injure himself. Sam leans tiredly against the refrigerator, and Tony bites back the urge to scold the man for drinking straight from the gallon of orange juice. Who even does that, who drinks right out of the bottle that’s meant to be shared? Steve ー
The first kiss between them was… Tony will never call it a mistake, but it certainly hadn’t been his intention. It had happened after a stupid training/“bonding” exercise mandated by Fury, one that took nearly three days of gruelling effort, hard work, and quick thinking to complete. It was Tony, Steve, and Clint against Natasha, Thor, and the newbie, some guy Steve met in DC – Sam – who’d become a surprisingly great addition to the team. The teams were released at opposite ends of an underground labyrinth full of traps and dead-ends. Between the simulated (thankfully non-fatal) dangers and lack of sufficient sleep, all of them were running ragged, even Steve, by the time Team Good-Looking-Minus-Clint-But-What-Can-Ya-Do managed to overpower and defeat Team Shut-Up-Stark-We-Don’t-Need-A-Name. In the silence following the announcement on the loudspeakers, Clint’s sudden shouting of
Steve is reluctant to roll over, to not be able to see Tony, but he trusts his soulmate with everything in him, so he does and puts the pillow beneath his hips. The room is quiet, and Steve closes his eyes and inhales deeply, feeling on display A loud
“No, honestly, Steve, all we did was have a very serious discussion about professional behaviour and not asking inappropriate questions. I have absolutely no idea how he ended up in the hospital. Hand to God, all we did was talk.”
“Wanna know how I found out?” At Natasha’s far too enthusiastic nod, Pepper points her chopsticks at Tony. “I walked in on him and some blonde making out in the workshop. It took a lot of alcohol before I believed him that the blonde was actually Steve.”
After work, Steve met up with his mother for an early dinner, stopped by the small market on the corner for a few groceries, then headed home for a night working on the concept art for his next story arc and a few episodes of
His skin is tight, too tight, and frustration simmers along his every nerve. He’s breathing heavily; a video plays on the holoscreen at the foot of the bed, but even the recording of the filthiest sex he and Tony’s had isn’t helping. Tears burn in his eyes. With an embarrassingly loud groan, Steve turns off the vibrator, tossing it to the side, and waves a hand. The video disappears, and the room is thrown into silence.
And even though they're still in view of the living room and Peter could sit up at any moment, Tony advances on Steve and then they're kissing, hard and insistent. Steve inhales sharply at the impact, ignores the way Tony's teeth catch on his bottom lip forcefully. He lets Tony pin him against the counter, lets Tony take what he wants. Steve slips his hands around Tony's waist, his fingers pressing into the other man's lower back, holding him flush up against him.
“I know, Natasha. I’ve tried, but he’s been so busy. We all have. Between his company, SHIELD missions, and the occasional AIM uprisings, there’s been little time for just him and me, and I’d rather not spend that time possibly fighting.”
Peter picks the dog up and speaks for it, his voice squeaky, “Okay, Steve. Thank you for giving me to Peter. I’ll protect him and make sure he has
Steve gapes at the blank television screen, horrified by what he’s just seen and heard. Eira has set her crocheting down and is glaring at the TV, muttering angrily and rapidly to herself in a foreign language. The silence in the room is deafening; with a heavy sigh, he scrubs at his face then searches for Loki who, in the stunned confusion, has disappeared from Steve’s side.
“I upgraded JARVIS’s code and was running through security feeds to make sure there weren’t any bugs or glitches, and Steve was talking to Natasha in the kitchen. But it seemed like this was an old conversation, but it’s news to me!” He drops his head to the table. “Pep? Can you say something?”
The kiss is better than the one they shared in the dream. There’s no alcohol clouding Steve’s mind; Tony’s lips are soft, gentle, and his beard scrapes lightly at Steve’s skin. When they part, Tony blinks a couple times before standing suddenly.
, Steve thinks as their tongues dance together, as Tony’s hand slides further along Steve’s chest, as their soulmarks meet for the first time.
“It’s always worth it if some dickhead gets what he deserves for making my child and his mother upset.”
When Peter starts swaying on Steve's shoulders twenty minutes later, Steve sets his bag on a ledge, shifts Peter into his arms and rests the child on his hip, and heads toward the exit. He's gotten enough, and Peter is nearly asleep. He decides against hailing a taxi; they aren't too far from the apartment, anyway. At least he was sure they weren't, but halfway back, Steve starts reassessing that assumption. The trip home seems to take four times as long as the walk to the market. Then again, he hadn't had a sleeping child on his hip that time.
Twenty minutes later, he knocks on Tony's door and waits, one arm holding tightly to the bag of food, his other hand clutching the sketchbook. Tony pulls the door open, and Steve winces at the sight of his rumpled shirt and suit pants, wild hair, and slight panic in his dark eyes as he attempts to pry Peter's arms from around his neck.
. Him and Coulson, then. But I reserve the right to veto him getting on the team, and we better not ever have to lie to his aunt.”
Steve accepts Tony’s kiss, smiles when they separate. “Pepper didn’t know if I’d had any clothes, so she brought me an outfit.”
, then I spent twenty minutes holding his hair while he puked out his entire digestive tract. So after we got home and I got him to bed, I decided to see what happened, because nobody told me, and I was too busy comforting him to really push for answers, and I heard what was said by both you and those assholes, and I just saw red, really. When I didn’t get a call to bail Nat or Clint out of jail, I figured I’d go the less violent, more legal route.”
Steve glances out the windshield to see Darcy standing in the large window, her face nearly pressed to the glass, and he laughs, waves goodbye. “What are you talkin’ about? She'd record it and keep that video forever.”
The walls, a shade of molten gold, are bright with the reflection of the midday sun through the windows, and swaths of silken cloth are draped over the thick sofas and chairs. Tony’s feet sink into the plush white carpeting. Incense sticks send out waves of earthy, spicy aromas that make Tony think of hearths and hot fires in an open field. Members of Frigga’s court have situated themselves around the living area; Loki stands behind the counter in the kitchenette, fingers tapping out a soft, rapid rhythm against the dark marble countertop.
“You’ve been babysitting my kid with no complaints, which is really fucking surprising considering before a few days ago, you had no idea who he or I were! Am I not supposed to compensate you for that?”
The nightmares come back. Time seems to speed by during the day, and before Steve knows it, he’s readying himself for bed and praying desperately for an uninterrupted night of rest that he knows he won’t get. His faith in God, already tremulous at best, all but disappears the longer his pleas go unanswered. He spends a week locked up in his apartment, pacing and ripping pages from his sketchbook, hiding the faces of his ghosts in places that require effort to retrieve from, before he gives up.
“I’m staying as long as you’ll have me, Tony,” Steve whispers against his lips. “You’re home. You’re my soulmate. You’re
He’s still chuckling when he pulls out of Steve, removes the condom and tosses it into a small trash can nearby, and collapses on his back next to Steve. His eyes dance in the flicker from the candles; Steve shivers as Tony’s fingers trace random shapes onto his skin. Steve leans over, kissing Tony softly.
“There's, there's someone here, outside my door, saying he's here for Peter, and you didn't tell me there was gonna be someone, and I'm not letting him have Peter, I swear it, but the man – he's still out there,” he whispers as he looks through the peephole again; the man is looking severely unimpressed with the fact that Steve shut the door in his face. “What do I do? Tony?”
"Calm down, Pip, I'm getting to it. So, Steve, Peter and I go for brunch every Saturday morning. Since you took decent enough care of the little pipsqueak last night, I figured feeding you is the least I can do to say thank you."
“The least you could do, Tony, is be happy that I'm finally finding something to be happy about in this century,” Steve says softly minutes later after it becomes apparent that Tony isn't going to speak, as he releases Tony's hand, turning away and heading for the door, and Tony panics.
“Ya gotta go. Sorry, but if you, if you stay here, and we keep layin’ like this, I ain't gonna wanna letcha go, and I don't wanna be the reason you miss Peter's presentation.”
Tony stops, one leg in a pair of sweats, his T-shirt draped over his shoulder. Steve swings his legs over the edge of the mattress and stares at Tony, at the glow of the reactor in his chest, at everything that makes Tony who he is. There’s an edge to his expression, sharp and angry, but his eyes betray the uncertainty. He sighs, finishes pulling on his pants, and leans against the wall.
“Thank you for letting me,” he murmurs in response before he leans back enough to press his lips to her temple. “Thank you for helping them be who they are.”
Sunday morning finds him visiting with his ma, helping her set up yet another bookcase for books that she probably won't ever get around to reading. He has fun, though. Between the laughing and joking and cooking together and the knowledge that he actually has someone in his life that he can wax poetic about, the hours he spends at Ma’s are peaceful, entertaining.
“I still drink and work too much,” interrupts Tony, but there’s no heat, no determination to his voice.
Tony sighs and forces a smile as he clambers off the bed. “You, uh, you’re still welcome at the tower when you’re done. Both, both of you.”
“So, Steven Grant Rogers, tell me something about yourself that a background check wouldn’t pick up.”
Peter takes charge once the back door of the car is open. He sets the booster on the seat, shoving it to the middle, and climbs in. Steve doesn’t even have to help him buckle up. The child keeps up a steady stream of chatter as Steve drives toward the apartment, more cautiously than he’s ever driven in his entire life. Peter waits until Steve has opened the back door before moving to unbuckle the belt and stays close to Steve’s side as they walk into the building and up the stairs. Once inside, the child drops his backpack by the door, bends down to undo the velcro straps on his light-up shoes, and leaves them by his bag before crossing the living room to sit at the coffee table. Steve hands him the same sketchpad and coloured pencils from Friday night, stepping back as Peter immediately opens the book to a new page and starts drawing.
Steve gets the feeling there's something Tony isn't saying, but he doesn't press further. The dinner, while awkward, has been pleasant, and he prefers not to ruin that.
Again, Tony hangs up before Steve can reply. Normally, this would irritate him, but Steve can’t find it in himself to feel insulted – Tony doesn’t seem to mean to be rude, like it’s something that he has done for years and never questioned. Steve slides his phone into his back pocket and heads back into the living room. Peter hasn’t moved or stopped drawing while Steve was away.
“Oh, no,” groans Steve; his stomach churns, the motion having nothing to do with the acrobatic baby in his womb, and Tony sighs down the line.
superhumans ー should be on a roster somewhere, with stricter guidelines and less freedoms, locked up somewhere away from 'normal civilians’; it took five hours for Steve to listen to reason and overpower the visceral urge to show up on their doorsteps reminding them that the last time something like that happened, the world was at war against Nazis. Other people have said that the Accords could only end badly, that putting restrictions on the people saving the world could only serve to prevent rapid response in the case of impending world doom. There are only a small handful who praise the Avengers for doing their part in not overstepping their boundaries and putting limitations on their powers.
this ー he may not have been the one to ask, that was all Nat, but he absolutely does want this, wants whatever he can get of Tony. But Tony is… Tony's Tony, even without the last name. He's brilliant, witty, generosity wrapped in sarcasm and barbs dipped in snark, and add in the Stark legacy and fortune, and Steve doesn't amount to nearly a quarter of the man Tony is. He can hear Bucky now, all
“I saw the universe,” Tony whispers just as softly. “I saw galaxies and nebulas and other worlds. I saw…
trust him, right? I made him swear he’d keep it a secret and sign, like, a million non-disclosure forms. He asked if he had to keep it from Fury, which,
“My mind doesn’t shut off,” Tony announces quietly, but he doesn’t look away from his task. Steve stays silent, not wanting to interrupt and potentially put an end to this conversation. “I’m always thinking, even when I’m sleeping, and I might as well put that thinking to good use, right? It’s basically my
Tony stays silent for a few minutes, and Steve stares out the window. He can't help but wonder if he’d overstepped last night in explaining the definition of an 'emergency'. By the time Tony finally speaks, Steve has resigned himself to getting yelled at.
, and Natasha’s right. Keeping this away from at least Phil could have disastrous consequences. Eventually, we’ll have to tell Nick, too, but I’m thinking that can wait until after Loki’s proven himself as me once – at minimum.”
, is all that runs through his mind as he takes in the sight of her blank, expressionless face, the way her body is tensed with unleashed anger.
To Steve’s surprise, the man lets go, turns on his heel, and walks away while spitting curses. The woman watches him with a triumphant gleam in her hazel eyes before turning to Steve.
“No, no, Peter. C’mere, baby.” Tony is by Peter’s side almost instantly, expertly dodging the random toys littering the floor, and he gently picks his son up and holds him tightly. “Why would you think this is your fault?”
His neighbour's cat is meowing loudly in the hall when Steve comes to a stop outside his door. He leans down to scratch behind her ears, taps on 3C’s door, then heads inside his own apartment. Nala tries streaking past his feet, but a gentle nudge of his boot sends her scuttling backwards. He shuts the door before she can attempt another unwelcome entrance. Steve has no problem with Nala, she's a great and loving cat, but trying to get her back out of the apartment usually takes hours, and he really doesn't have time for that particular chase right now.
beside her. Thor is on the right, watches the genius, and Bruce stares into a microscope, pencil in hand and poised over a pad of paper. Clint perches toward the top left with his bow drawn and aimed at nothing in particular. Faint grey lines between the figures give borders to the shape and brilliance of the arc reactor.
His bleary gaze follows the lines of a smooth leg, from high heel all the way up to the hem of a pencil-skirt, finally focusing on Pepper’s face, and – oh, boy, she looks pissed.
“I know Ms Potts promised severe legal action against you if any of you are caught on the premises without permission. But that is
“You’re worse than a cat, DUM-E, you know that, right? Or maybe a dog. I dunno, I’ve never had either of them before. Couldn’t. Too many allergies. And my asthma would have killed me if we could’ve afforded a pet. Which we couldn’t. Not enough money, not enough food.” Steve shrugs and buffs out a smudged fingerprint. “I like to think I didn’t miss out on much. I mean, there wasn’t much I could do anyway, even if we’d had a dog. Think Tony’d let me have a dog now? I’m healthy enough to take care of it, right?”
“Good, good. Glad to, uh, glad to hear it. Really, glad to know the uniform does a good job of protecting you, so what the hell do you think that woman meant?”
“I’ve, uh, had some time to think over the last day or two. And… I think it might be a good idea to go back into counseling. What do you think? I’ll go if you want me to.”
“Yes, because an hour between visits is too long.” Coulson grins. “It's great to see you, too, Tony.”
JARVIS speaks up when Nat doesn’t answer. “The ‘Raft’ is an underwater prison that resides in the Atlantic Ocean, created solely to hold incarcerated criminals with enhanced abilities and-or superpowers.”
An enormous hand reaches for him, and Tony instinctively flinches, gasps when a lightning bolt of pain arcs through him. Hulk pulls him out of the rubble, the movement gentle – surprisingly so. Once Tony’s out and standing on solid ground next to Pepper, Hulk bares his teeth in what Tony hopes is a smile and bounds away with a roar. Pepper’s faceplate is already lifted, and she’s staring at Tony like she isn’t sure if she should hug him or strangle him. Tony tries to remove his helmet but finds he’s unable to. The armour is dead, the connection to JARVIS severed; he follows Pepper to an alley that’s in one piece, away from the sounds of the fighting, where another suit stands ready. It takes a while, but finally, the last piece of the trashed armour clatters to the ground. Tony nudges the pile with his toe, sighing, and Pepper smiles gently.
to reflect the wonderful, chaotic, brilliant, beautiful upheaval that’s taken over his life, how he would never willingly give everything up, how he’s come to absolutely relish the way his life is now. He takes a deep breath, splays a hand across Tony’s hips.
Tony suddenly pulls onto the shoulder of the road, putting the car in park and turning to look at Steve directly. There's no trace of humour on his face; his expression is serious, solemn, and Steve finds himself missing the other man's smile.
Silence falls, and Steve stares at the table. His mind is racing, making a list of pros and cons to the proposal. If they accept Loki, they run the risk of still getting screwed, even with Frigga’s promise. If they don’t, the team is down one heavy-hitter, and it will be like shouting to every villain within the universe, “Come attack us, we’re nearly completely unprotected!” He wants to have a child, yes, but at that cost?
He’s just spent the last twenty minutes being cornered by Natasha, being questioned about what Pepper knows. He managed to escape by promising extra sparring lessons if he’s lying. Thankfully, he knows he isn’t, so there’s no risk of him getting his ass kicked more than necessary. If he didn’t know better, he’d think she didn’t trust him.
Steve can’t fight the laugh that bubbles up. He lowers himself to sit on the blanket in front of Tony, still chuckling, and Tony’s affronted expression certainly doesn’t help. Steve gently pulls Tony’s hand away from the arc reactor, links their fingers together.
Sarah’s woken up by now, and her eyes, so blue and so like Steve’s, cross a bit as she takes in her surroundings. Natasha eventually passes her off to Pepper, though it’s a reluctant move. Tony sits on the edge of the hospital bed and watches his friends, his
“I am so sorry that the Howard you got wasn’t the Howard I knew, that you never got to know him as I did. But I’ve…heard about what he became, and I can promise you that you’re nothing like him. Even your brilliance surpasses his. Your heart, the way you unconditionally love and care about the people closest to you, your strength… You’re so damn amazing, and it kills me that, because of him, you can’t see exactly what you’re worth – and I’m not talking monetary worth.” He breaths in deeply, tries to curb the swelling emotions. “I’m so in love with you, it’s scary. I thought I knew what love was, back then, but nothing has ever come close to what I feel for you.
The cameras cut to where Natasha is talking to an interviewer; the others are all speaking to different someones in the media, all aiming for positive experiences to garner better press for the Avengers.
“Maybe. I mean, only if you want to, I’m not gonna say no to getting an apology from you, so go right ahead if that’s what your heart desires.”
“I need a drink.” She pushes a loose strand of golden-red hair from her eyes. “Actually, I demand copious amounts of liquor until this makes sense.”
A large group of people are clustered around the main doors, another in front of the private entrance. Natasha grips Steve’s arm tightly, muttering an order to backtrack and go through the garage, but before the command can be executed, someone spots them, shouts their names. Everyone turns as one; camera are lifted onto shoulders, cell phones held up, and multiple voices start firing off questions.
Sam sets his bowl and spoon in the sink, letting his fingers brush the back of Natasha’s arm as he passes. She sends him a sweet smile before turning back to the stove. Clint mimes gagging, and Sam flips him off with a grin. He claps Steve on the shoulder and makes his way to the elevator.
“You look like you're constipated,” crows Tony, doubling over and cackling into his knees, but a coffeemaker is on the floor in front of them, plugged in and ready to go.
“Yeah,” answers Steve after a pregnant pause. There's no reason to ask Tony for clarification, there's only one thing he could be wanting to know.
, lets himself feel the overwhelming torrent of emotions that he’s kept locked up in the name of doing his duty.
The next couple of days pass slowly, uneventfully. Steve goes back to his routine: Wake up, go for a run, shower, breakfast, answering fan-mail (which will never get less surreal to him; he never would have imagined growing up that he'd have
Steve takes a deep breath and nods once. It's all he can do, his voice isn't working now. His mouth is dry, his chest is tight, and seriously, why is Tony staring at him like that? Steve flinches as Tony closes the door, the quiet
Steve is still smiling as he scrolls through his available television channels for kid-appropriate shows. Peter perks up at the sight of a cartoon family and their robot ostrich aboard a spaceship, so Steve leaves it, turning the volume down a bit so it’s not loud enough to keep Peter awake too long. He tries to work on his comic, he really does, but he soon finds himself enthralled by the show as the Callisto family travels through space and goes on missions. And although Peter is asleep with his arms wrapped tightly around his stuffed animals by the end of the first episode, Steve keeps the show going, watching every second.
, so obviously, family is important to you, but you didn’t seem to give a damn about what I thought, so I’m going to assume you couldn’t care less what strangers think of your parenting skills. Or you as a person.” Steve shrugs. “This is all speculation and assumption, obviously.”
sounds. Within seconds, Thor and Pepper are there; Thor grips Natasha’s arms and tries to steer her away from the man, and Pepper is whispering in her ear too quietly for anything to be heard. The camera pans away from the trio as Natasha is forcibly led to the limo. A distinct, vivid red handprint mars the interviewer’s cheek, and he stares after Nat with a dumbfounded expression on his face. The microphone clearly picks up his next words before the camera feed cuts out:
“Okay. Well, it's barely past five o'clock now, so as long as we leave by five-thirty, maybe five-forty, we’ll get there in time.” Steve strokes a thumb across Tony's cheek. “You're really nervous about this, aren't you?”
By the time they end the call, Steve is yawning widely, and even Baby is moving around less. He rolls onto his side, and this time, even through the disappointment of Tony not coming home tomorrow, sleep comes easily.
“I’m a product of the Red Room, Tony,” she snaps coldly. “That’s all I am, a weapon they trained and taught and fucking
Peter slumps against the wall in the corridor, puffing his cheeks out before letting his breath escape on a raspberry. Steve bites back the knee-jerk reaction of telling him to stop, forces himself to remember that Peter is just a child and isn’t actively seeking out ways of being a nuisance. Instead, Steve kneels down in front of the six-year-old and pokes his nose gently.
“Do you and Pepper have meetings where you plan what you're going to say to me? Because she said that same thing.”
Sam hesitates, visibly debating how to proceed, and Steve laughs softly, shoos him away. A hot wind blows, pushing Steve's hair from his face, and he takes a sip of his iced tea. The danishes are long gone; with a sigh, he digs in his bag for his own phone. Happy answers on the second ring and promises to be there as soon as possible. As he's waiting, Steve catches sight of a used bookstore across the street. He tosses his napkin into a recycling bin and heads toward the crosswalk. A hand latches onto his elbow, and he startles, turning to see a gentleman in his sixties smiling apologetically.
Director Fury comes to him one night, and Steve walks away from the encounter far angrier than he has been in a long time. When will people ever learn to leave well enough alone and not fiddle with things they know nothing about, items that will bring about the end of civilisation? But he’s a soldier, he has a duty to his country ー his planet ー to keep it safe from harm, so he gears up like he’s told to and does what needs to be done.
Steve jumped out of his grasp once they got to the top, spotting the guards Sam and Tony had dealt with earlier a little way off. His eyes widened a little to see one of their heads completely caved in. Well,
"But we're in heat!" said Tony, his speech a little garbled, as he was still trying to wipe off his tongue.  It wasn't working. The taste refused to budge.
Awkwardly, Steve wiggled up the bed so they could get more comfortable. He brought his arms under his chin, forearms settled under his head comfortably. Tony was warm and thick and pleasant inside of him. The kind of calm that washed over him when they were knotted together was like nothing else. "Good," he hummed sweetly. "I'm glad."
"Hey."  Steve appeared by Piper's side. Eric was in an animated conversation with another Alpha, probably about collars, or something. "Can we talk for a minute?"
Steve found two bugs. One in his living room and one in his bedroom. He smashed them under his feet. Before he knew what he was doing he was calling Pepper Potts.
Pepper smiled without meaning to; Tony had spent the last few weeks being reckless and brooding and unusually withdrawn, his actions oscillating between uncontrollable bursts of energy and moody sulky.  Now, he'd stabilized.  At least, as much as someone like Tony ever really did.
, looming over them at all times, even when they were alone... until he fought Bucky to the death and established his rightful ownership of Steve, he was always going to feel this way, paranoid and betrayed and overly defensive.
He flopped back down and rolled onto his side, curling up.  He knew Steve had done this a hundred times, but that didn't make him feel better, because he wasn't thinking about just Steve anymore, but all the other assholes who bravely signed up and felt good about themselves and then got blown up a few weeks later before they even had time to regret their decision.  Your average soldier didn't get to wear a suit of armor bristling with state-of-the-art weapons; your average soldier was fighting with Hammer Industry SIRs that jammed up when they were most needed. It made Tony sick and he found himself caught in a new cycle of self-loathing. Maybe this was Steve's wheelhouse, but it sure as hell wasn't his.  He'd volunteered for SHIELD because of Steve and for his own sense of reckless adventure, but for him, as an individual, the stakes were low. But that didn't mean he had to like what they were doing.
He was trying, stretching; the desperation in Steve's cold, frosty blue eyes was killing him.  He could feel his grip slipping.
"They thought we were just friends," insisted Steve. "After all, he never showed any physical affection towards me that a friend wouldn't show and before Cap I was nobody. They would never have seen pictures of me with the bite mark."
"I'm fine," Donner said and he sounded like he believed it. An awkward silence followed and it was Rhodey who broke first.
Tony nearly knocked her over in his pacing; she darted out of the way just in time.  "What happened out there?  We've already mobilized.  Do you have any idea how- excuse me!" she barked as Tony nearly knocked into her again.  "Take off that suit; that thing is enormous. What the hell is wrong with you?"
He had already decided to ignore anything Steve said until Pepper arrived.  Pepper, as a beta, would be able to talk to him without hormones getting in the way.
Tony grinned.  "Love you," he whispered, leaning down to kiss the corner of Steve's mouth.  Steve's blue eyes looked up at him; he nudged Steve's legs apart and prodded his entrance, tense with anticipation.
Steve turned and felt a strange tug in his chest at the letters. "Maybe later." He said quietly. "Kind of sick of...everyone else, at the moment," he murmured. He knew that if he read more of Bucky's letters it would just make it harder not to try and find him. And he didn't want to go against Natasha's word, not when she was already sacrificing so much for him.
"We have a fun idea!" one of the photographers announced and rushed forward with a makeup palette. "Picture this, okay?
Steve pressed his lips together in a thin line. He was obviously frowning, not impressed by what he heard. The psychologist wasn't an omega- no way. "Anyone can be tortured," he pointed out. "Does it really matter how?"
"Not-" Steve punched the Winter Soldier in the chest as he jumped down. He caught a punch that was delivered back; human fingers squeezing into metal knuckles. His hand shook a little at the effort and he grit his teeth. "In-" Steve's eyes narrowed and he kicked at at his right hip, knocking him back. "My-" He ducked another hit. "House!"
He said it glibly but it wasn't a joke.  He and Pepper had always spent Christmas Eve together, but for Christmas proper, Tony was usually alone.  He hadn't had a proper Christmas for decades. He wondered if he ought to dig up the menorah for Aria. Wondered if all the agents hovering around were going to treat this like a normal day or put on a bunch of jolly good cheer.  He couldn't quite picture Coulson in a Santa hat.
Natasha and Tony ended up back at the bar whilst Sam sipped at his soda and Steve picked at breadstick crumbs. "Gonna have to take him home already at this rate," he sighed and glanced between the bar and the crumb filled basket with a soft sigh. He was honestly glad Tony was letting go, in hindsight. After such a tense week it was so very important for him to let go.  To relax. Steve leaned back in his seat, wanting nothing more than to get back home and cuddle up in bed next to him. Public spaces weren't his friend right now.
"...Steve... I told you... about stuff, in the hospital.  Stuff I never told anyone else." He paused. "I know it's not your fault.  Him biting you, that sucks but it doesn't change who you are, not to me, anyway.  Just like how what happened to me doesn't change who I am to you. ...hopefully." Another pause.  "...the public doesn't know about Bucky being the Winter Soldier. They still think your first mate is some guy in his nineties.  They're gonna think you have like, at least three Alphas now. And they're probably gonna be dicks about it. But I'm not going to let that come between us again.  What me and you have?  That's enough.  Whatever anyone else thinks about it, I don't care.  This is perfect.  This is enough."  Tony paused. Things were getting a bit heavy for his taste. "...besides, I can't do another two and a half months in Colorado. My tan's already ruined. Another two months and I'll end up looking albino.  Gross."
And then an alarm bell went off in his head as she ran a hand down his arm and Steve was coherent enough to realize what was happening..
He let Tony tug his shirt over his head and stepped out of his pants, adjusting the shower to his liking.
And then he spotted him, Donner, at the other end of the 'pen.' He stood. "Hey, I'll be back in a minute..."
I thought I told you to behave, what the hell do you think you're--"  Aria stopped, eyes widening a little. "...are you
It was dark when they got to Silverlake, a trendy neighborhood which, Pepper informed Steve, was just north of Dodger stadium.  (Even though they'd been the Los Angeles Dodgers for over fifty years, Steve still thought of them as the Brooklyn Dodgers.)
That night they'd gotten ready together and they had a good routine going by now. Steve would make sure Tony made it out of the shower with no suds left on him, and once they were dry, Tony would tame his hair, which seemed determined to poof up for every formal event he ever tried to attend.  Tony knew his way around a bottle of hair gel, something Steve was eternally grateful for.
Steve may had only had a quarter-century of life experience, but growing up in the Great Depression and fighting in World War Two had aged him.  Even though these people were only five or so years younger than him, physiologically, the age gap seemed much greater.  Steve felt like he was standing amongst a bunch of children. The thought they most of them were supposed to be sold and mated within the next few weeks or months made him feel a little ill. It was hard to hide how disturbed he felt as he entered the 'auctionee' territory. Some of the Alphas who had been peering in to the omega pin frowned, clearly not liking the thought of radical ol' Steve having a chat with them.
"'This really isn't the time'," Steve said, using the exact same voice the director has used before on the fire escape as he met his gaze briefly. There was a strange tangible sense of tenderness. The real meaning behind all of this, of course, wasn't Steve rebelling against him. It was him saying:
, he reminded himself silently, remembering how Steve had asked him to kill Bucky when he was in heat.
Steve blinked in alarm at how casual Tony was about it. It was his chest and his heart and it was like he was just checking the filter of his washing machine. He could feel Tony's ease and relief after checking inside. Steve smiled. Everything was okay. He would be okay.
Rhodey looked at him incredulously.  "Who are you, and what have you done with the real Tony Stark?"
Donner was still watching Steve.  Though he'd said nothing, Steve had the impression that it was largely due to Pepper, Aria, and Banksy's presence that he hadn't yet bolted.  George had been keeping Steve updated and even after all this time, Donner still spoke fondly of Gideon, although less and less often. There was no doubt in Steve's mind that Gideon could probably sweet-talk Donner right back into a terrible position if he wanted to.
Steve was having none of it, however. Natasha was quicker, but he was stronger. He backed up her against the car like she weighed of nothing with his forearm pressed against her chest. He forced the phone out of her hand. Steve wasn't afraid of getting in close and he was in no mood for games right now. He glanced down at it. It really was a blocked number. Huh. Steve blinked and then he looked back up to see Natasha's forlorn expression and she sighed.
"I don't really think so," Steve breathed, voice whimsical as he actually took a moment to think about it. He sank down onto the sofa again, watching Tony flit about the flowers as he folded his legs underneath himself. Steve leaned back and watched him moving around, frowning at the Tulips. Did they mean something else, maybe? Apparently Tony wasn't a fan of them but honestly Steve appreciated the variety. There was orchids
"Yeah," said Tony, smiling down at Steve.  "You need breakfast." He wiggled a little to sit up, still playing with Steve's collar.  "...kneel for me and I'll take this off for you," he said quietly. He smiled. Steve made him feel like an Alpha, one who didn't feel the constant, pressing need to prove his dominance.
Tony was so good with people. Steve really didn't know how he did it. He was charismatic and charming and acted like this was his every day or something. He was adaptable in way Steve didn't think he could ever be but he also couldn't help but admire Tony for it.
Tony got  small lump of excitement in his throat at Steve's suddenly soft, velvety voice.  This was the side of Steve Rogers very few people-- in fact, only two in history-- had ever gotten to see.
He pulled out the pack of cigarettes again and put one between his lips, cupping the flame from the lighter to light up--
Banksy pulled out his phone and began looking up the top hits of the forties.  Tony looked over his shoulder. "Is that the new iPhone? Let me hook you up with a StarkTech III, it's got a way better interface."
to try them out some time. Tiberius got him a few CDs of artists missed out on. (Apparently he had a thing for Elton John. Steve hadn't checked him out yet.)
What did those words mean? They were random. Steve wasn't sure he even understood all of them but they clearly meant something to the soldier. Who snapped. The cold metal fingers against his neck were choking and all of a sudden Steve was struggling to breathe. And he was no longer frozen. Steve
"Tony," he said softly, encouraging the Alpha to look up at him. His voice was raw, open and honest. "They're perfect. It's perfect."
Steve leaned down to nip Tony's bottom lip and then kissed along the edge of his jaw, the movements of his mouth slow. "What's the magic word?" he asked softly in his Alpha's ear, squeezing around the cock inside of him.
Steve paused outside of Tony's office. Okay. Let the awkwardness commence. He let out a long breath and opened the door. Steve set the coffee down on Tony's desk, and then his tablet. Just like he always did.
Steve emptied his cup of his tea and went to drop the mug in the sink. "I'm not saying you have to sign a contract, Tony. I just want a chance to show you what we do-- what we could achieve together. If you'll let me.  I really think the Avengers Initiative could be good for you--"
Steve wanted to kiss him, but there were children around. He offered Tony a wink before he was led out of sight, poorly suppressing his own grin.
"Hey!" cried a young, black omega.  "That's my chair." Tony pulled out his wallet and handed the man a hundred-dollar bill.  "...but, uh, you can have it. I like the floor anyway," said the man, tucking the bill into his pocket and sitting down on the floor.
"He found it?" Natasha confirmed quietly.  Steve dropping the hammer down and lifting the goggles to run a hand over his face. He nodded. The Alpha smiled subtly. "Good. I'll text Fury."
Steve's sleep was restless, but he didn't dream, his mind bogged down with enough visions for the day.
"Everyone needs my help.  I'm amazing. Do you have a spare business card?  Seriously, that guy's going places."
It was hard for Tony to ask, but he wanted to be a better Alpha, and he couldn't just ignore the fact that Steve had another bond.  He was scared of Steve's answer. Scared that Steve would say that, yes, he could feel him, this other Alpha's hopes, thoughts, feelings... that he knew whatever dark and secretive plots Barnes was up to at the moment.
"Sure, maybe, yeah," said Tony, who was lying.  He had no intention of buying, adopting, or otherwise acquiring anyone.  Having DeSoto hover around obsequiously was annoying; Tony had always hated yes-men, groveling little toadies who sucked up to him.  He appreciated being lavished with praise and attention, but he felt it only had value if he earned it. If someone was in awe of him because he had just leveled a mountain with the Ambassor IV Rocket, great!  But if someone was in awe of him only because he was rich and powerful, well, fuck them.
He wished he could speed it up, but there were hundreds of interlocking components to be placed, adjusting, snapped, bolted--
Gleason reappeared with two steaming cups of tea. He stared at Tony and Steve, and almost smiled before he moved to set the tea by the bedside. "I'll come back same time tomorrow. And if he gets a fever you call me straight away, yes?"
He turned and looked at the omega to ask for orders, figuring he must be in charge now, but his question died on his lips.  The omega was curled up against the wall, shivering, eyes bright, blond hair tantalizingly damp, skin glistening with sweat.  He looked ill but the effect was inexplicably delicious. The soldier's mouth was literally watering just looking at him.
Steve spotted the Alpha that had been half glaring before as they headed into the parking lot. He was with a beta woman who was petite and at least half his age. He muttered something to his date who didn't reply. Steve unlocked the car (he had the fob thing down now) and winked at the man before he got into his seat. He took the car out a little quicker than he had to. Maybe he was showing off.
He watched Tony go with a heavy exhale. He ran a hand over his face. Tony was almost...too good at that.
In this chapter: Tony holds a baby (awkwardly)!  Bucky watches Blue's Clues (attentively)!  Steve refuses to sing on live television (bashfully)!  And so much more!
He glanced at Steve.  His eyes traveled to the bruise on Steve's neck.  Tony felt bad about it.  But also found it arousing to see it on Steve's pale throat.  "TONY WAS HERE," it screamed, bold, unapologetic.
Tony had very few things he actually wanted to do on this vacation.  After seeing the war rooms, he was content to let Steve take the lead.  Steve probably knew London better than him, anyway. But it didn't matter where they were, not really.  They were here for their anniversary, which Tony was still trying to wrap his head around; it felt surreal, having been bonded for a year.
Steve closed his eyes as Tony curled around him. "I'm just sick of hurting people I care about," he murmured. Tony deserved better. Bucky deserved better. Steve would always be failing both of them, both his Alphas. He would never be good enough for both, or either. Life was being cruel to him. There was constantly going to be a sense of expectation in Steve that he could never fulfil.
The only fly in the ointment was that Dr. Gleason still hadn't called.  Now that it was less than a week from Christmas, Tony was officially getting worried.  Steve's last heat had come on hard and fast, and he was due for another one soon. Tony had been trying just not to think about it, but it loomed over him, its presence increasingly threatening.
Tony was surprised to find himself humbled.  Yes, he actually did tend to give nicknames to... well, everyone.  Rhodey, Pepper, Happy... when he liked someone, they usually ended up with a pet name.  He had no idea that these extremist Alphas did that to their omegas, though. And he wasn't trying to be demeaning to them, he was just being friendly.
Omegas in heat weren't necessarily so, however. They were many cases of omegas going into beserker-like rages during their heats (another thing that Alphas used to stress their inferiority.) Sometimes the rages were triggered in defense of children or a mate themselves. It was a rare instance, but a consistent and well-documented one. Steve knew that some armies even looked into triggered omega rages as a form of warfare but he didn't think anything ever came of it.
Tony sprang up, teeth bared and hackles up.  Unfortunately he was still wearing a fuzzy, bright yellow sweater.
"Yes, all of that," Steve hummed.  He breathed softly and shifted a little and suddenly became hyperly aware of Tony's body slotted over his own. The rise and fall of his chest with his breath. How hot and skilled his fingertips felt. Suddenly this all felt so much more intimate. He felt hotter too and tried to focus on his breathing and keep calm.  "And it changes their smell.  Omegas...you can sense our emotions more easily. If we're distressed, you can smell it, especially when you're close to us," Steve said slowly, carefully. "And when we're aroused you can smell it too. And when they're aroused they..." His cheeks turned a little pink. "They get wet. Down there. Sort of like women do.  Suppressants make that not happen."
He ran a hand down the other's back and looked up at the ceiling. It was white with some kind of textured pattern drawn across it. Steve thought he could make out birds amongst the swirling shapes.
Then Tony thrust up into him and Steve whined happily. It felt like he could finally breathe. "Tony.
, right? Or was this Steve...and was he someone else entirely? He swallowed thickly. He didn't reach out to shake 'Steve's' hand. He didn't trust him. He was stealing Steve's name...or something. He didn't know. But he had a strange sense that this man in front of him had
Tony's heart sang at the sight of his omega.  But the emotion was fleeting.  It disappeared in an instant.  Tony glared as Steve as he pulled himself back onto the couch, making a mental note to chew Rhodey out the next time he saw him.
He planted his feet on the floor and got up, moving his right shoulder to give it a pop.  Tony could crack his right shoulder like normal people could crack knuckles and he did so frequently, mostly because it always made Pepper wince.
He grinned at Steve.  Steve had, undoubtedly, not been picked up since before the serum.  For once, he looked oddly small in Tony's arms.
"Maybe...maybe we shouldn't...on the sofa again," Steve whispered against Tony's lips between kisses.
Tony’s eyes narrowed.  “Last night.  You, talking about omega rights.  I bet you think you’re the luckiest little omega alive, huh, working for a Stark?  Well, news flash, Sparky.  I’m not my dad and I have more important soap boxes to stand on, so you’re shit out of luck if you think I’m going to help you with that, your whole omega rights thing, because I’m kind of busy with the whole, you know, renewable energy, saving-the-world hobbies.  Don’t
Nick sighed. "So this all some form of retaliation?" He stepped forward. "I thought you were better than that, Captain."
Tony pulled away the slightest bit.  "Is that good?" he asked quietly, breath ghostly over Steve's erection, fondling Steve's balls with one hand through his slacks.
Steve did manage to fall asleep. He didn't dream at all, thankfully. There was a strange ache in his chest when he woke and he felt a little sick. He reached over to the bedside blindly and grabbed the glass of water there, downing it in one. There was sandwiches left on the side in the corner and Tony was asleep on the chair.
"I think Steve probably agrees with me," said Tony, trying to keep calm.  An unintentional snarl or bristle would, he knew, make him look unstable, and everyone was already looking at him with a gaze that indicated they thought he was out of line.
on the run, it would be wrong.  It would feel like I was taking advantage of you," he pointed out and watched Bucky finish up with the car. They should have been going but then Bucky was pulling him into a hug and he couldn't stop himself from leaning into it.
before the door closed behind him. He had no phone (his was dead, anyway). Nothing on him. He just knew he had to get out, or get to Bucky, or-- what was he thinking?
"I've never heard of any of those of those brands," Steve admitted, forcing himself to refocus on the topic at hand: collars. "And that's okay. Let people speculate. It's really no one's business what we're buying or not buying." He paused for a moment. "I was kind of hoping we could some custom ones, with hidden messages on the inside-- something like, I dunno,
Steve was hyper the entire drive over. Just as they pulled up outside, his phone pinged with a text from Aria, with the first reports on his newly-released video. It would be a while till it went viral (it was still too early in the morning) but Aria and Pepper had wanted to get it out there as soon as possible.
The only real thing that was killing him was the withdrawal.  Tony had detoxed a number of times and it was always hell.  He figured he'd negotiate with Steve later for more drinks; two would do virtually nothing.
"I'm sorry," Steve breathed. "I don't know about the ‘94 case. I'm still catching up." He honestly said something just to start up conversation again. He didn't like the way Stone looked at Tony. He saw too much of himself in that look.  The part of him that hated Tony’s drinking and the way he casually, arrogantly ordered others around.
Tony leaned forward and snatched a remote off of the glass coffee table, and hit a button.  On the opposite wall, a couple of panels slid back silently and Steve was faced with the biggest flatscreen he'd ever seen.
Donner paused, turned, and looked at Malick.  One of his hands slid over his stomach, and then, he smiled.  "
So why was the Winter Soldier in it? Why did he know Steve's name?  Steve swallowed and bunched his legs up, leaning his forehead on his knees in an almost fetal position.  His nausea had gotten worse.
Tony for pushing away Steve.  Now, people seemed to have thawed a little.  The horseshoe pin and Tony's clear support of Steve was doing his public image wonders.
Steve shivered as Tony's fingers danced down lower. And then his Alpha's breath was trembling and steamy against his neck and Steve felt himself responding in every way, blue eyes darkening as he shifted against Tony a little. He hadn't known before mating it was possible to be this horny- and yes, the serum made that crazier too.
They ended on a light note, though: plans for Christmas and wishes for a good new year, and then they passed off the show to Mariah Carey, and everyone relaxed.
"I'm going to rip out your spine the minute I get out of this thing." His voice...now that didn't sound right. That didn't sound like his.  It was familiar and yet utterly foreign.
One of the paramedics stepped forward with a flashlight to shine in Tony's eyes. "Does it hurt to breathe?" he asked him.
"Can we fire him for taking unauthorized leave time?" asked Tony.  "Because, seriously, I have a party in a few days and I can't have my assistant just ditching me.  I can barely tie my shoes on my own.  I need Stan around and he's gonna be home for... however long heats last, I don't know, rolling around naked and probably making an ass of himself."
yet, then we've gotta watch that.  Do you have a computer?  Give me five minutes with a computer and I can probably jack your neighbors' Wifi and download it."  He looked around the room.  Lots of books and paintings and stuff.  Not a lot of technology.
The moment Tony and Steve walked into the lobby, the concierge approached them.  "Captain Rogers, there's been a series of phone calls for you... it seems very urgent... the line is on hold for you in your room."
ended up in the Avengers he would have to respect Steve as a leader, and the chances of that happening were growing slimmer by the day.  Steve pressed his lips together in a thin line and went to get Tony his usual three (yes, three) fingers of scotch.  He tried not to look as furious as he felt as he sat down after handing Tony his drink.  Though he did maybe sit a little heavily, and tap a little harder than necessary on the tablet.  “...all that stuff about boxes earlier.  What the hell did that ever mean?  I had no idea what you were talking about.”
"Hey!  Hands off the merchandise!" barked Tony.  Then he added, "Not that Steve is merchandise!  Omegas are people, and people are priceless! ...it's just an expression!"
"...freezing," said Tony flatly.  "It's probably in the fifties. Plus, I didn't bring a towel.  If you want to jump in, be my guest, but I wouldn't get in for all the malt in Ireland."
"How was your meeting?" asked Pepper pleasantly, sitting down in one of the leather seats near the bar.
"Hey! Can we get a towel over here?!" called Alexis.  He was one of those people who an amazing ability to project his voice. Steve didn't know how someone so small could be so... loud. Lo and behold about a minute later someone appeared with a tray of towels.
"I know you can."  Pietro crouched in front of her and cupped her face in his hands.  "We're so close, Wanda. I just need one more push. Even if you can just get him to take the helmet off, that would be enough.  Trust me, okay? You can do it. You trust your big brother, don't you?"
The soldier felt terribly confused.  Relief flooded him when he heard the sound of footsteps in snow approaching.  His body was going stiff with the cold, and so was the omega's beneath him. Luckily his left arm didn't have that problem; his grip remained firm.
Oh no!  I was a day late updating!  Sorry, everyone.  I'm running for a leather title this weekend and have therefore been very busy.  Wish me luck!  - Tony
"I just don't think he can trust me. Ever since the beginning, when I spied on him, and then with Bucky...when I tell him that it's him I want, why doesn't he believe me? I've said it so much. I've given him everything. But I can't
"You look good," he told him and Tony did. "I think you might almost be taller like this," Steve said, half teasing as he walked up to him. Maybe, more like the same height but still, it was strange having Tony at eye level.
A shadow passed over Tony's face, then disappeared.  "Yeah, well, no one's perfect. Who the hell are you?  Are you one of their guinea pigs? You need rescued or what?"
, have insight into Steve?" he replied.  "I only got to know him a week ago."  His frown deepened.  "I don't know what I'm supposed to say, exactly, that's not going to come off really bad.
"Didn't realize adopting a zero in need was 'stirring up trouble,'" replied Tony, glaring back, crossing his arms over his bare chest.
"Do you think I fucking care? Do you think this is a fucking game?!" Steve sounded angry. He sounded
There were dark purple bruises on his wrist and the neck. The bruises on his neck an echo of what Bucky had left behind when he'd tried to take him. The cut on his stomach was just skin deep but it needed cleaning. Sam disappeared into the bathroom and grabbed the toothbrush holder, filling it with water for the flower.
Tony pulled his goggles off and tossed them aside with annoyance.  "That's kind of the problem, Steve... it's not going anywhere," he grumbled.  But he knew Steve wanted to go to Banksy's party and that he could work on the suit later.
Steve paced around in his living room for a while, checking on Tony occasionally to find him still sleeping peacefully in bed. It was nice to see him relaxed, without that frown on his face.
"I'm really sorry about that... Carrie's got a touchy stomach, I should have warned you," said Brent as Pepper walked back in, wiping her blouse with a hand towel.
"Yeah, thanks," said Tony, missing the irony completely.  "Thanks, Pep, you're the best. Ciao!  Come by sometime next week. Steve'll make you dinner- it'll be fun.  Jarv, cut."
"Eight thirty?" Steve echoed and his eyes flew open wide. Two and a half hours had passed?!  What?!  He'd just been...sleeping on the floor against the window, for
Steve was physically shaking. He stared at Tony, choking on the floor and bent over and he couldn't move to go help him. He felt frozen and his cheek felt too cold. Tony's voice hadn't even sounded like his own- he almost felt angry. The winter soldier, Bucky...whatever. He was fucking with their bond. He'd already screwed Steve over before. And now he was doing it again. How goddamn
"The house staff has all already seen me naked, and you've got nothing to be ashamed of, Rogers," said Tony, throwing a grin over his shoulder.  He widened his stance a little, trying to stand on tip-toe and knocking over a small bowl of potpourri.  "Oops, dammit... CORRINE!" he shouted suddenly.
"...the first part," clarified Tony awkwardly.  "...but I swear," he added hastily, "I'm like, completely aware of how fucked up that is and you know I think of us as equals and I would never degrade you like that.  I'm behind you all the way with this whole omega rights thing. It was just a... you know, a weird fluke, I don't know, it just sort of... reminded me about... you know, my childhood, I mean, when I went through puberty, there were still lots of collared omegas and... and you know... but obviously it wasn't, like, a conscious choice to be turned on by that and I'm not going to think about it any more.   I'm sorry, Steve. I seriously feel like more of an asshole than usual for that. Sometimes my brain just goes weird places. Especially when I'm horny." The last part was perfectly true. When you're a billionaire, you get to try out a lot of avant-garde sexual past times, and Tony had had his fair share of kinky sex, especially in the nineties, when he dabbled in coke. Looking back on it, Tony was surprised at how mellow his life had become, even
"So that's why, mostly, betas have betas but when you have, like, two Alphas, they almost always end up with an Alpha.  ...I think?  I don't really remember entirely.  I think there's a movie called
"I'll have to approve it before you can air it," warned Aria.  Maria was nodding along with her. Clearly, both were feeling protective of Steve, and no wonder.  He was currently sipping syrup straight from the bottle, looking wide-eyed and wild.
"Well, personally, I'd like my fucking house back.  No offense, Donner," said Tony. He had grown sick of the revolving door of psychologists and doctors and field agents and diplomats and news outlets and omega buddies that were constantly dropping by to chat with Steve.  And while Donner was nice, Tony missed the solitude of his own home, where he could be naked and working on one of his gauntlets or jet propulsion hip packs in the living room while watching an A&E
Changing a simple bandage on the back of his neck was far more painful than it had any right to be. Steve had clenched his hands tightly in the sheets as the nurse had pulled the bandage back, his knuckles turning white as he fought the urge to let out a sound. After the display he'd just made it was time to toughen up.
Everyone wished Rhodey good luck and he strode off to drive to meet Gene, feeling somewhat awkward knowing that every movement and word and noise he made from here on out was going to be monitored, recorded, and watched by a group of people.
Whoever had done it had no doubt known the stigma of a secondary Alpha.  They’d done it with the intention of hurting Tony, and of tearing them apart.  And it had worked.
"They found something. Under the surface. They think it's still there, or at least, part of it is," Phil said. Steve was sitting on the edge of an MRI bench, vision spinning a little after having been in the scanner for almost an hour.
"That's Tony Stark," said one of the students nearby, a girl of about fourteen, who was filing her nails and looking bored.
Clippings  Blueprints.  Film reels.  Loose papers.  Tony laughed without a trace of humor as he opened the first lab notebook; it was completely unreadable, its pages rippled with water damage, its ink smeared, running illegibly off the pages.  "Oh, great... just great... this one's ruined.  Well, we're off to a good start."  He sniffed the lab notebook experimentally and threw it down in disgust.  Whiskey.
"Sorry, Stark," said Mackenzie with a smile.  "They're taking this breach pretty seriously. And with good reason.  Rogers is worth a dozen men."
Steve opened the letter and frowned. "It's... are these tickets? For Tony Stark plus one?" He dropped them on the table, not knowing what they were for.
have to lock, and I suspect they had a certain image in mind," said Pepper.  "...also, I suspect they'll use any means possible to bar you two from coming when Tony shows up in a collar."
"Yes to both," said Tony, who seemed perfectly at ease with all this.  Of course he did. "How many pieces did Cyrille put aside for us?"
Tony grinned back.  "Love you back, even if you do gross things like play with garbage cans.  I mean, seriously, Steve that is so--"
"You think his ideas are wacky?" asked Donner.  He never made eye contact with the Alphas, instead staring at their throats or chests.  Tony disliked it because it gave the impression that Donner was staring at his arc reactor.
The talk with Pepper... it had stirred up a lot of old memories, ones he'd buried long ago.  He'd never admitted his (quite genius, actually) mathematical model to anyone before. Pepper was a brilliant accountant and when she had said it wouldn't work...
"I'm always okay.  Take me home, Steve," said Tony, slumping into the passenger's seat and staring glumly out the window.  He stole a glance over. "Really. I'm just tired and this is hard. ...you do your Cap thing and just let me work on my suits, okay?  I can't stand it. Thinking about DeSoto and George and Banksy and Trickshot all being... being made... kneeling and letting someone bite them and then... being used..."
"Steve," he murmured against the other's mouth.  Steve's voice was almost musical.  Like wind chimes.  Tony's body shuddered.  "Mine."
They lapsed back into silence.  It was already late afternoon.  Steve's dinner started in less than four hours, and even with a SHIELD jet or one of Tony's, he was shaping up to be one or two hours late.
"I have allergies?" asked Tony in amazement, plucking a flute of champagne off a tray from a passing waiter.
"Do we know any possible bases in Yemen?" Natasha asked Phil, who was typing away furiously on his tablet.
Tony pushed away the blankets-- he was sweating-- and sat up dizzily.  "Look, Steve, I need a drink.  I'm just gonna run down to the liquor store real quick and grab something, okay?"  He leaned forward and kissed Steve's temple.  "I'll miss you," he added.  The words sounded gooey to him but he couldn't help but utter them; they were true.
After the bath they dried off and dressed. After some quick consultation with Tony, Steve dressed in black pants and a white shirt with his casual navy jacket on top so he didn't look like he was making too much of an effort.
"Oh, hey, Popeye.  Are you gonna try to recruit me again?  Guess who's got two thumbs and a brand-new pair of rocket boots?"  Tony pointed to himself with his thumbs. "This guy!" He clanked back out; Donner hurried in and let out a cry of dismay at the scuffs all over the floor, then scurried off, probably to get a mop.  Despite Tony's veritable army of maids, Donner still insisted on trying to be helpful around the house. Steve and Tony had given up trying to make him stop. It seemed to make him feel happy to feel useful.
Tony reached for a notebook and flipped it open.  "Ah-ha!  Genetics!  Exactly the sort of thing you can explain to me real quick.  Go on."
"I would have thought Stark would have broken you in already. But you clearly still have no manners," the man in the suit sighed, tutting as he inspected his fingernails.
Tony tried to be on his best behavior for Pepper.  Neither of them mentioned the reason why Steve was absent, but Tony thought about it constantly.  It was like a song that was stuck in his head, playing over and over.  He found himself wondering what Steve was doing with alarming frequency.  Was he naked?  Hard?  Wet?  Was he thinking of Tony, or did he not care?  Steve wasn't pair-bonded.  He could seek relief from any Alpha at all.  But Tony had an inkling that Steve wasn't that kind of guy.  He was willing to bet that Steve would suffer proudly through his heat without any Alpha intervention at all.  The idea of him writhing around in his bed somewhere, palming himself, seeking relief that he couldn't get, was strangely arousing to Tony.
She lobbed the face plate at him.  He managed to catch it without dropping Steve.  Stupid move on her part. Now he could dispose of her and take Steve all for himself!
"I'm okay. I always want to eat it," Steve said softly. Bucky's fingers were rough and warm, perhaps rougher than he remembered but they were still an anchor. He curled his fingers gently around the other's, like Steve was afraid of Bucky pulling away.
"Steve.  I won't do it, yet, if you're not ready, okay?  I... I don't want kids. But I don't want to lock the door and throw away the key either, if you're not ready for that.  You're still young. I get it," said Tony, even though he didn't. "We'll just weather our heats the old-fashioned way." He realized he'd said "our" heats, something older bonded couples said, and the corner of his mouth twitched.  "...I'm just throwing this out there, but we could hire a beta or an omega to help us out with the pill situation. Kind of a... medication nanny, I dunno," suggested Tony awkwardly. "Neither of us can think straight when you're in heat and we need a better system.  Shit, I mean, literally, last time, we forgot to eat, let alone take your meds. We only have about, what, six weeks before your body goes haywire? Maybe less, with your metabolism and all. I... I can agree not to make any permanent decisions right now, if you can agree not to have a surprise baby on me any time in the immediate future.  Deal?"
Rhodey's jaw tightened.  "Okay. Listen."  He stepped to the side, leaning in to speak to Steve.  "Go get a mike from the DJ, thank everyone for coming, and shut it down.  He won't come out of the suit while all these idiots are cheering him on."
The room was filled with smoke; there were no prisoners.  Only a pile of unidentifiable debris in one cell and words smeared on the wall in blood: I DO NOT CONSENT.
"Hey sleepy head," murmured Steve back, and set the sketchbook down in his crossed legs.  "Listen.  I... I thought about what you said last night and you're right.  About statused people having more roles and stereotypes to fulfill than betas.  But I feel like... sorting out omega problems sort of works with it. I feel like if we do it right, everything should just...fall into place." Steve picked up his sketchbook and added a hint of shadow under Tony's sleeping form. "Don't worry. I'm not going to do anything rash again, at least for a while...I have one shot left at this. Or all I've done is just made things worse.  But I definitely have some ideas."
"Right," Steve said, sounding a little awkward. "Well, I wasn't really hurt. So you don't have to--"
"You might want to hear what the news is saying," Pepper said with a subtle sort of smile. She had a tablet in one hand, the screen teeming with headlines. "They know what you did in there; there's been a very positive response."
"Oh, I dunno... I wouldn't want it to get boring," said Tony casually.  He kissed Steve's neck again before slowly withdrawing his fingers.
Peggy had had a proper wedding because her husband was a beta. She'd shown Steve the pictures. Angie had been her maid of honor.  At the time it had been controversial for an omega to be present for a their Alpha's wedding ceremony. But that was Peggy. She loved ruffling feathers and breaking all the rules. The pictures of the ceremony were beautiful and the photo of them laughing over the cake (the top of which fell off onto the floor) were downright adorable.
Silently, he began counting to himself in prime numbers, warding off the memories that plagued him, and he slipped into sleep sometime just after 463.
The last time he had felt like this, he had been coming home from Afghanistan.  He remembered sitting in the plane, staring blankly ahead, still in shock from the days he'd spent recovering in a military hospital camp, still in shock that his half-baked escape plan had worked and that he had not died in the desert.
Steve shuddered and Tony cringed.  Hearing Steve in pain was hell, and he couldn't even touch him with his actual fingertips.
"Jeans," said Tony firmly.  "Jeans and white tee. Classic, very Steve.  Pepper, go get Steve's clothes." He snapped his fingers at her, the ones on his bandaged hand.  Pepper glared at him but got up to go upstairs.
Tony snorted a little.  "Weren't you born in the twenties?  They sent a guy from the twenties to try to figure out how the suits work?  Without an RT node in the middle, you can't power them anyway... no one knows how to make them except--"  Except me, he'd been about to say.  Except that wasn't true anymore.  There was a scary-looking Russian guy who'd nearly killed him, who was currently rotting in a jail cell in Monaco.  The thought chilled his blood.
"...they're here," she said into the phone, then turned to Tony.  "...omegas can't wear jackets," she said.
In the bedroom, Tony had managed to tangle himself hopelessly in the sheets.  At some point he had wriggled out of bed to plug in both of their phones to charge overnight.  No matter how drunk he was, for Tony, tech was always a top priority. There were several texts on Steve's phone from the friends DeSoto didn't think he had: Tiberius had reassured him that Status Alliance was not officially releasing any statements on his "collaring" or being at the AU conference, and that the picketers were operating outside of SA's official channels.  Clearly, he had faith that Steve was up to something that would benefit omegas. There was also a text from Aria giving him a summary of the media cycle, and a friendly update from Natasha about SHIELD.
But staring at the ugly, uncomfortable-looking collar in the case, he felt slightly ill.  It looked so heavy and unpleasant, and if it was locked on... was the omega whose collar this had been had to wear it all the time?  Had he or she been made to sleep in it?
"...what do you mean, you don't have it?  Did you lose it?" said Eric, looking temporarily alarmed on Tony's behalf.
"I think it's important people see Steve's funny side too," Angela said. "We don't want everyone to think he's too serious. An important part of publicity is being entertaining."
The map on the wall.  It had the blueprints for the school, everything neatly labeled, right down to janitors' closets.  And the map had included the grounds, included the playground and tennis courts... but not that small little building over there.
"If you want help putting it on, I can. Sometimes they can be fiddly," Kitty offered sweetly from a distance. She was a nice girl, or at least seemed it. Her tone was genuine. But every time Steve looked at her he just wanted to take that collar off of her, which was stupid. She wasn't being oppressed; she wasn't even mated. She just worked in a store that sold collars so of course she had to wear one. It was her
Steve left Stephanie giggling on the sofa and turned to make his way toward the DJ.  He'd simply announce that the party was over and then let Rhodey handle Tony's ire at cutting the party short.
"Natasha will get us in but she won't hang around. I promise. We'll be in and out within two hours," Steve breathed and leaned forward to kiss the middle of his forehead. "We can do it tomorrow, if you want."
Steve grabbed the plate of half-finished food and took it upstairs to reheat it again before making coffee, with an extra shot of
He'd halted weapons production at his company three years ago and still, weapons kept cropping up like bad pennies.  The entire Delegate line, the Ambassador IV, the late-model Contenders... even a few Jericho rip-offs.
Tony dropped to his knees to look Steve in the eye.  "Steve, I am so, so sorry, I didn't mean to do it that hard.  I didn't think it'd-- I'm sorry, shit." He pulled Steve into a hug, feeling embarrassed on Steve's behalf.  Fuck, he should have said what he was going to do before doing it. And also probably shouldn't have
Steve had a newfound level of admiration for Tony. Something swelled in his chest. He ached for the pain his Alpha had been through but was still enamoured by how strongly he'd pushed through it and beyond. Tony didn't complain or wallow in self-pity. He got on with it. He fought back. Steve loved that about him.
He paused there.  Steve's stomach was flat and hard.  He couldn't ever even imagine Steve pregnant.  Male omegas always looked different than females, their bulges a little less prominent.  But nonetheless, those bulges were noticeable, especially at the end.  And their features always softened a little, their faces and chests.  Tony couldn't imagine Steve looking like that, any more than he could imagine himself being a good father.  Tony had abandoned the idea of ever having a family shortly after his own was killed.
"Let's...let's take the rest of the day off changing the world and get started on stuff tomorrow," Steve said with a half-yawn. He thanked the driver as they got out of the car and then they headed into their home. Steve practically felt a weight slide off his shoulders once he stepped inside. He grabbed Tony's hand gently and kissed his cheek. "Don't tinker for too long, Mr-recommended-bedrest," he told him good-naturedly and then headed upstairs.
"So you're just going to persuade a world class and criminally insane assassin to betray everything he's ever known?" Natasha asked. "That simple, huh?"
He made lunch, set some aside for Tony, and then went through the files that Pepper had left. Steve managed not to wake Tony when he fetched them. He signed and checked everything he was supposed to, then went to go swim in the pool. After that, Steve drew in his room-- filling up a space on one of the walls with another charcoal sketch of Peggy, this time her real, older self. It felt good to acknowledge the lines in her features now. She might be older, but she was just as fierce, perhaps even fiercer.
He went into the bedroom to change, heart pounding.  Hawkeye wasn't a code name at all. Or at least, hadn't started like that.  Hawkeye was the stupid pet name Clint had had. Tony was thoroughly horrified; he'd never given much thought to Clint's past, really.  Clint seemed, like Phil, to be a part of the agency. A SHIELD guy. Tony hadn't considered how or where he'd grown up; why would he? But being an omega born in the seventies...
"You got SHIELD's intercom records?  Seriously?" Steve asked, not even knowing how Tony could do that. He was more than a little impressed. The eavesdropping was forgotten almost immediately; this was more than Steve had
"If there's cameras everywhere, where do we mate?" asked Bucky.  He didn't like Steve's constant fretting about cameras. It was making him uneasy.
"That's lovely idea, actually," Steve breathed. He'd send them red orchids- fiery and dangerous, like them. Even if Natasha wouldn't appreciate it all that much, it would be nice to return Clint's gesture. Tony was still surprising him, even now. Something warmed in Steve's chest. He wrapped an arm around Tony's shoulders to help steady him, the alpha's own hand on his waist helping as they headed back out to the car.
but he wouldn't cry. He goddamn wouldn't. "My whole life, it was like I was broken...because I couldn't have- I just felt so useless. And then I was- and they just took that away from me. Like they took
Steve smiled faintly as metal digits brushed through his hair. It felt strange but he appreciated the sentiment behind the gesture. Dazedly, he reached up to trace his fingertips over the face plate, his thumb brushing over a metal cheek. He knew his Alpha was behind there. He could feel him. That was what a bond was. Reassurance. Trust. Security.
He lifted his head up to look over at Agent Hill whilst a nurse moved over to clean up his face and doctor McCloud maneuvered his left leg so she could start to put salve on the burn on his thigh. It was awkward, considering the burn went the whole way around, but Kate didn't seem phased in the slightest.
Steve was right about building up an immunity to heat inducers. They had to do it the old-fashioned way.
"Oh my God!  And he went and got breakfast without us and just left a note?  That was sooo awkward!"
Gleason got a funny little smile and rose.  "Well, I'll take my leave. Have fun and make sure he takes the levonorgestrel with food."
Steve liked to draw before a fight. He found it calmed him. He began drawing a picture of the city skyline from a picture he'd snapped on his phone a couple of days ago when Tony had taken him to some fancy, high up restaurant that span around. It was an informally all-Alphas place and Steve's presence there had obviously made a lot of people uncomfortable. Tony and him had found it a fun past time, making old Alphas uncomfortable.
The Expo, in Tony's mind, was probably one of the safest places Steve could possibly be.  Top-notch security, worthy of a large-scale Stark event.  Under Tony's complete control.  That would give him time to figure out where Vanko was.  Probably not still in Monaco.  He could be anywhere in France or Italy... anywhere in Europe by now, really.  But since he was working alone, surely he couldn't have gotten too far, right?  And once Tony hunted down Vanko, then he could tackle this whole Winter Soldier business.  Once those two were out of the picture... then what?  Deal with Bucky, maybe?  Find the guy and set him straight about whose omega Steve was?  Tony wasn't sure he could face the other Alpha who had bonded Steve.
Tony's brain slowly went through all he had just heard. An apology for a lousy childhood.  A reassurance that Tony wasn't like his father.  Things Tony never got to hear and desperately wanted to.  He stared at Steve, still slightly lost.  Up until Steve said he wasn't four people with a shield.
Steve leaned into Tony's touch and sighed as the driver took them away from the media and the flashing cameras. He smiled in relief and let his eyes slip shut. He didn't think he would sleep again just now but he was enjoying the peace and quiet. Happy got into another car with Pepper and Aria behind them. It was so early in the morning, and considering the night they'd had, they should all really be going to bed.
The way Steve had shoved Tony's hand away had implied a sort of anger, but Tony didn't think it was aimed at him.  Steve was just... angry. But Tony still felt a deep sense of guilt, of worry, because he was an Alpha and he felt guilty by association.  How much damage Gideon had done in only seven years' time... worse, to a young person who looked like Steve and who was bright enough to be accepted to Harvard Law.  And worse still, a person who was apparently indeed distantly related to Steve.
"Are you a student?  I rarely see anyone as attentive as you.  You've been taking notes for hours." A smiling beta woman in a crisp white blouse, pencil skirt, and museum ID on a lanyard was addressing him.  "Mostly, people just want to take selfies with the uniform."
She shrugged. "Eric will probably play cards later. He doesn't do the big games though. Before that, there's dinner. And right now, I think there's, like, a fashion show for omega clothing, and there's another conference on pregnancy soon. He'll probably want to go to that. But before there's--"
Steve was here because he chose to be. He was trying on collars because he was choosing. Sure, they might represent oppression but right
He wanted it. Steve had missed it. He wanted to feel Tony inside of him again. They'd made love so much, and it was sweet when it was tender...but he wanted them to
Steve hadn't dreamed, thank God. He felt shitty when he woke up less, a result of low blood sugar and dehydration, but significantly less shitty than before. And while he wasn't exactly pleased to see Tony by his bedside, he was... oddly grateful too. It was better than waking up alone. And he couldn't really think of anyone else he'd like to wake up next to. Huh.
Tony's face broke into a huge smile at Steve's sleepy, heavy accent.  He loved it when Steve accidentally slipped up and dropped the G off of his verbs, spat out hard consonants and elongated his As.  He loved when Steve sometimes blurted something like you'd hear in an old noir movie, calling someone a punk, or saying something was swell.  Not to mention the occasional "gee!" or "applesauce!"
"Yeah," said Tony, seizing onto the topic of his suits eagerly.  "I'm gonna build a whole army, Steve.  Wait n' see."
Sex and tinkering were pretty much on par for Tony.  If Steve wasn't down to clown around then Tony could get his screws elsewhere, in the form of literal screws.
"--I just don't want people creating, you know, imaginary monsters.  Thinking HYDRA possesses witchcraft," said Sitwell, with an awkward chuckle.
Pepper was seated on the sofa opposite to them. "Malick is requesting you see him this evening. I think he's pushing to the front of the queue."
. It was comfort. Tony smelled of engine grease and creation, every moment and thought a bright spark that ignited something in Steve's very own chest. Tony was a constant excitement. Something that made his breath hitch. The thought of Bucky made him want to sleep, to curl up in the covers of his bed and tug his duvet over his head to block out the bright early morning sun of Brooklyn as he mumbled, "
Around eight Steve woke Tony up with Thai take away, JARVIS having told him his usual order. He brought the food into the bedroom on trays and set the boxes full of noodles and fried vegetables on the bedside before he moved to wake Tony up.
It clearly wasn't nothing. Steve's hands trembled a little as they curled up in the sheets. Was it always going to be like this? Was he always going to be...broken? He felt an overwhelming sense of guilt and his eyes threatened to well up. He pressed his face against the mattress and let out a shuddering breath. "It's never felt like this before. It doesn't hurt, it just-- I don't know; it feels different," he said, then sniffed against the pillows.
This chapter, like the previous, is currently in beta... excuse our typos!  Our beta readers have trouble keeping up with us sometimes.  :)
Words could not express the disturbing possibility of a person being so broken that their bond no longer worked.
"Steve! Or should I say Captain? Pepper told me about- well, should I say? I think a congratulations are in order!"
