“You signed some very specific documents when you agreed to the job I offered you...” he continued, trailing off deliberately at the end with a pointed look.
John receives two jumpers, of much nicer quality than any he currently owns, and some odd coffee accouterments that he smiles automatically at, despite his confusion. Sherlock too receives clothing items, more sets of nearly identical bespoke suits. Anthea finally goes to open her own gift from Sherlock and her obviously staged smile morphs into first confusion and then faint aggravated warmth. There is a small set of pearl earrings and an official Scrabble dictionary. John quirks his eyebrow at Sherlock, insisting that he get an explanation later.
“Now, it may seem like I didn’t get you anything…”
“Sabriel,” she replies with a flick of her hair.
“Never, John. She may have an uncanny knack for making me see reason through calm facts and threats of both brute force and undue exposure to Mycroft, but, you, John, are my nexus.”
“Parents want to give their kids the best Christmas they can I guess.”
Sorry for the delay. One more chapter after this I think!
The customers, regulars and not, all seemed to like John, though he hadn’t quite figured out why yet. Sure, he smiled and was generally polite, but he wasn’t overtly social by nature. Sal teased him mercilessly once after two different customers flirted with him in the same day. The first one, a female who looked like she stared at the computer all day, going by the often weary state of her eyes, surprised him and he flustered out a reply, trying not to sound like an idiot. It felt nice though. The second one, a male who was obviously an agent, going by the way he held himself and the slight edge to his eyes, did more than startle him and he almost dropped a hot drink all over himself when the man winked at him after his short parting innuendo. He knew he couldn’t actually date anyone from here–couldn’t even imagine the security nightmare that might cause–but there was something definitely uplifting about knowing people saw you as an acceptable perspective mate.
“Yes,” John replied, “Though I’m still not quite sure how you know that.”
“What exactly are you and my brother attempting to partake in?” Mycroft enquired without preamble as soon as John was close enough to hear him. John had stuttered for a moment, unsure what exactly Mycroft was insinuating.
And the next hour and a half they spend on them makes it all worth it. They are soft in a way John had never realized he needed and the color, Midnight Slate the company had claimed, looks stark against Sherlock’s skin and their hands entwined on it take John’s breath away.
“Ah. Visiting Mycroft are you? Top secret coffee shop again.”
“His mind was supposed to listen to him, damn it,” he growled, half aloud. A man walking towards him on the pavement glanced at him, a startled look mixed with concern and wariness. Sherlock ignored him and continued on. He was almost tempted to visit some of his old haunts, just something to take the edge off. But he wouldn’t. He’d fought too hard to get here, to stay here. He wasn’t going to give into it, wasn’t going to be vexed by a random barista. Even if he was intriguing. Ex-military, obviously, and a doctor as well as a soldier. A juxtaposition that Sherlock found himself contemplating with interest.
He steps just to the side, touches Sherlock’s shoulder. He’s met with Sherlock’s entire body tensing and almost recoiling away before his eyes, grey and pale in an almost translucent way as he loses himself inside his mind, focus on him. Three blinks later and the fog seems to clear.
“Will he come and save you? Time is counting down. Where is the great Sherlock Holmes? His fan has so much to say about him.” She yelled out, voice lilting.
Muttering to himself as he wandered the halls towards his makeshift office, Sherlock reviewed his options. Yes, his apartment on Montague Street was a disaster, but it was cheap and had fit his needs at present. Perhaps that was no longer the case though. A small rare smile graced his lips as he recalled the offer Mrs. Hudson had made some time ago about a flat she might have available. He’d stop round that afternoon he decided. She’d probably have some biscuits and tea available as well, he decided with another small quirk of his lips. After searching three of his hiding places in his desk, he managed to find a half empty packet of cigarettes he’d left there at some point. He tucked them into the inside pocket of his coat and headed out.
John had spluttered.
“You had such a good time at the symphony when we went. And this violinist is apparently pretty famous.”
“You still do that out loud, you realize?” He asked. John had simply smiled in return.
Overall, when John left for the day, he was content. His purpose in getting a job had not been, as Sherlock had apparently thought, to distance himself from the detective. The idea of some space was not a bad thing, but John wanted to feel needed–it was what he was best at. And medicine was what made him do that. And he had loved helping Sherlock on his cases, and God, he hoped he would still be allowed; because he felt so alive during those times and Sherlock was incandescent. John didn’t want those times to end. But, he was a doctor, and he wanted to be a doctor, and he loved being a doctor. Locum work seemed to be the best solution as it left him generally available to Sherlock and his whims. He just needed to get Sherlock to see that, to understand that. And for them to maybe talk about the other thing between them, the other elephant in the room.
John sighs. He agrees but doesn’t feel like getting into it right now—it is Christmas Eve and he hasn’t slept properly in almost a week. He merely nods as he leans his head against the window of the cab.
John has just finished the last bite of his sandwich, and had managed to slip some crisps and apple slices to Sherlock between the cups of tea, when Sherlock jumped up with an exclamation.
“Well, damn,” he thought as he sat down on the kitchen chair and stared at the card in his hand.
“Told him where to shove it and walked out. There’s kind of a lot more to it than that, backstory involving his nibs over there but that’s the quick and dirty of it.”
“So how is life out there treating you?” Sal asks as he rings up the two drinks. John doesn’t say anything, only smiles, when he adds the employee discount on the till.
“On that note however, Mummy has insisted that I come for Boxing Day,” Sherlock announces a few moments later, surprising John out of his reverie.
Two days passed in similar fashion. Sherlock seemed to dart off and disappear the moment John was awake and down the stairs. It was frustrating and John couldn’t figure out what he’d done to annoy the man, other than his apparently loud typing. Hardly seemed justified—though Sherlock’s world vision was decidedly different than John’s.
For all of John’s concerns, they settled into a rhythm fairly easily. Sherlock was manic–going from high to low far quicker than John thought possible–but he was also captivating. John, while at once used to the unpredictability of the military, was not generally one to make rash decisions in his personal life. Sherlock seemed to be the exception to that rule, if John’s quitting and subsequent move was anything to show for. He’d been afraid this move would result in a complete takeover of his life, and while not completely true he’d also not been disappointed by the overall exposure and involvement Sherlock seemed to have integrated into it.
Sherlock sets his mug down and reaches for the box. He eyes John for a moment, then the box, and then John again.
“Yes. But would we have ended up here, like this?” John can’t help but ask as he stands next to Sherlock, staring at the tree, and leans against him lightly.
“Tox reports,” Sherlock says to Major Smith as soon as they’re both through the office door. Mycroft stands abruptly.
“These sheets were so worth it,” John says with a sigh as Sherlock settles on top of him. The smirk he receives in return tells him Sherlock more than agrees with him.
Chapter 2
Sherlock shoved one of the cups into his hand. “It’s cold. You weren’t here.”
The package isn’t overly large, but it is noticeable. John knew a simple wrapping job would be over too quickly for Sherlock, so he’d made a game out of it.
“What are you doing here?” Sherlock ground out.
And Mycroft was either more of a softy than he’d realized, or Anthea was a genius; but she was waiting for him outside a car when he stepped out of the building.
He was about to grab his drink from the barista when suddenly a connection came to him. He froze, searching his mind palace quickly for something he knew was stored there.
“Hmmm,” John hums. “Could be more satisfied,” he adds with a smirk, despite that Sherlock can’t see it.
At that, John’s hand, the very one in question, jerked back. Thankfully the man had lightning fast reflexes and the drink suffered no harm. A bemused glance was tossed John’s way as the man turned and glided away.
Daily routines were settled into—revolving around tea and telly for John most days. He was getting by for money right now, the SIS had paid decently and he’d had little expenses previously, but had been contemplating looking for employment again. Sherlock had made the one comment about needing an assistant, but it had never fully come up again. John thought he might need something that gave him space also—a reason to get away sometimes. He’d only know Sherlock less than two months but he’d already mingled so fully into his life that it was a bit startling, a bit concerning.
“Of course, yes. Enough for a lifetime. Far too much.”
John leaves over the corner of the counter and whispers with Sal as Ducky makes the drinks, keeping an eye on the two of them. Sal has been here a while, and seen and trained numerous new baristas that have headed off in other directions. He jots down a few names (“well, nicknames”) he remembers as particularly odd or memorable and hands them over to John just as Ducky is setting down John and Sherlock’s drinks.
John can’t help the slightly besotted smile that spreads across his face. He wouldn’t trade Sherlock for anything, forgotten sometimes or not. “It’s almost one, Sherlock. Come lie down for a couple of hours. Your brain needs a break.”
‘Could be dangerous. SH’ His phone chimed again.
“How about you share with the class, Sherlock?” Major Smith interjects before either Sherlock has a chance to continue or Mycroft a chance to retaliate.
“Are you working something for Lestrade?”
“Sherlock,” John says quietly as he slows his steps. Sherlock, lost in his own thoughts and the screen of his phone, takes a second to process that John has spoken, and the tone of his voice, and strops abruptly a few feet on from John. They’d been walking the streets for almost an hour since they’d left the last scene, despite John’s repeated pleas to hop the plane back to London.
John had spent more time than he’d care to admit picking out Sherlock’s Christmas gifts. Despite feeling that he knew the man the best out of anyone, it was still a challenge.  Sherlock was not necessarily a materialistic man. He obviously liked fine clothing, but he seemed to have enough suits already and John correctly assumed he would not want one of the sort that John would pick. There was enough equipment around the house for his experiments at any given point so he was quite sure nothing was needed there. And John wanted to get him something that wasn’t necessarily a need, something that showed how much John appreciated everything Sherlock had done for him. But nothing too frivolous—puerility or whimsy were both surefire ways to immediately end up under Sherlock’s ire.
“What? Really?” He asks Sal, a smile breaking out on his face.
“I’m not eating,” Sherlock says to him before he even fully enters the room. John stops the moment he can see him and stares.
“That is not what Christmas is about, Sherlock.”
“Don’t show me stuff like that around here, I’ll probably get fired. And how do you know I’m a doctor?” John hissed out.
(See the end of the chapter for
Saturday was only a half day for John, and then he had Sunday and Monday off. He tidied his small bedsit and looked halfheartedly at new flats before realizing he still couldn’t afford anything decent, not yet at least. He lazed around and it reminded him of how passive and near depression he’d been just two short weeks ago. On Monday he did his shopping and laundry and it all felt very civilian, even if it was a bit disconcerting.
He hates to admit he is a bit surprised by what is there. The estate, while large, is rambling and homey rather than stuffy. It reminds John slightly of their flat at Baker Street and he smiles to himself when he realizes that Sherlock’s messiness and unique decorating manner must be an inherited trait. In similar vein, their parents are warm and open and they tut over John and Anthea, who is apparently staying as well, though also apparently already known to both Mr. and Mrs. Holmes. John feels immediately welcome and at home.
“Dr. Watson, do enjoy your Chinese. Anthea will escort you to work on Tuesday and we’ll discuss this…anomaly.”
Sherlock wasn’t much for rules, even in a place such as this, and he and the Major openly, if quietly, discussed the case as they waited in line. Sherlock already had a decent idea of how it would play out, but the Major was intelligent and a career agent, so his insight often proved groundbreaking or illuminating. Sherlock respected intelligence and people who were good at their job without being mindless sheep.
John thought he might feel nervous, thought it might be odd to be out with Sherlock in such a formal and real manner. But they talked about normal things; well normal for them. Spleens, dead bodies, experiments, contagious diseases, and fascinating cases were probably not usual dinner date fodder.
“Case, John.” Sherlock intoned at least four times in the ten minute window, as if John had somehow forgotten.
John, still red from the last comment, grabs Sherlock by the arm and tugs him towards the door. “Ducky, Sal, we’ll be seeing you!”
“You didn’t happen to bring your gun, did you?”
“Fine. I hope you’re satisfied,” Sherlock snarks out as he marches towards the kitchen, turning his back sharply on John. The sharp twang of beakers being shuttered about echoes loudly in the flat. John stalks up behind him slowly and wraps his arms around Sherlock’s middle.
John shot him a confused look at his wording, but Sherlock simply waved it off.
“I would like it. That is, if you have no other plans, I’d like it if you came with me. I think you’d quite like my father, and mummy as well.”
Both SIS and DGSE had already sent their initial medics and agents, but both Sherlock and John do a quick but thorough run through of the body, everyone involved wanting to speed up the release of the remains as much as possible. It is one of the worst scenes that John’s been at with Sherlock, and it is only through sheer willpower that he doesn’t lose his stomach. His medical expertise is hardly needed, the amount of blood on the floor makes the cause of death easy to establish. There are small things he notices though, little notes he jots down on his pad. Within ten minutes though, Sherlock has sent off a text for the all clear sign on the body.
“What did you give him?” He asked the paramedic attending to them.
“Well, not exactly. Santa’s fun if you’re a kid. And Mum tried to make us go to church some when we were small, but it didn’t really stick. Haven’t been in ages. Doesn’t mean I can’t appreciate the season. It’s about friends, and family, and celebrating the goodness. That can be centered on religions if that’s your thing, but it can also just be about being human, about being happy.”
“I thought we’d done enough fighting over food versus body parts,” John says with a smile as he walks fully into the kitchen. “Now neither of us will get confused hopefully. And I may have added a few things from your wish list in the process.”
They didn’t make it to the concert after all, not after all that had happened, but Sherlock played John his own private one later. But, first, Sherlock had led John to his bedroom and slowly removed the ruined suit from his frame slowly with a look John could only describe as regretful. It had shifted quickly into the familiar awed and seductive look that always made John’s heart skip a beat. The kisses and touches Sherlock had bestowed were gentler than usual, but no less meaningful. John was mindful of Sherlock’s bandaged arm as they moved languidly underneath the blankets of Sherlock’s bed. It was hours later that John finally nodded off on the couch, lulled to sleep by the sounds of Mendelssohn pouring from Sherlock’s violin.
His latest words may have finally worked though, if Sherlock’s suddenly horrified face is anything to go by. He angrily plucks his phone from its perch on the desk and taps out a short message; all jabs and brash strokes across the screen.
An hour and a half later, John had given up and headed to the store. He was tired of waiting and the flat had little to no food in it and he had used nearly the last of the tea that morning. He picked up take away on the journey back and called out to Sherlock once he’d put the shopping away. After no response, John headed over to his door.
It is quick and casual, evidence of the intimacy and familiarity between them. John barely even moves as Sherlock rolls on top of him and does most of the work, head bent into his neck, whispering quiet murmurs of nonsense. They both fall asleep wrapped around each other and with smiles on their faces.
They were on the stairs, just in the door from having wrapped up the case. John couldn’t put it off any longer, didn’t want to. Once again he cornered Sherlock on the stairs, barred his entrance to the flat this time and forced him to confront the issue. He stared at him solidly for a moment, letting the situation fall around them and settle.
“Your damn brother,” John said with a small sigh. “I guess at least he’s good for a few things.”
“He’s expecting you,” she said, ushering him in.
After Sherlock had jolted from SIS on Friday, he’d spent the evening tracking the lead he thought he’d discovered. It turned out mostly pointless, other than giving him a few possible leads on a name, but nothing concrete enough. Having left him restless and annoyed, he took to wandering the streets of London and smoking, trying to make the pieces of the puzzle fit. Lulls in the case bothered him, making his seemingly restless energy and mind even more so. At least with cases for his brother, he didn’t have pesky things like working hours to worry about. Lestrade always wanted to sleep for at least a few hours, and the few times he’d tried getting into the Yard at night, had ended in copious yelling and swearing from Lestrade, who’d been called to deal with him. No, the SIS never slept and he could have access whenever he wanted to his office and his data sources. If Sherlock had inherited any of the same abilities Mycroft had of being able to handle mere mortals, he might have been able to make a go of it, working here full time. There were certainly some not so terrible parts of it. But Sherlock never kidded himself—the SIS was no place for him, even if they ever were to truly mean the offers they threw his way.
“Our job is to serve coffee and to serve it well. Like most Starbucks baristas, we’re to provide beverages with a side of happy and comforting as a break in our customer’s day. Unlike most though, we do not ask for names, we do not ask or provide personal details, and we do not use loyalty cards or bank cards—cash only. Also, your phone is not allowed on the premises. If you stick to these rules, you’ll do well here. Most people don’t know it, since most people don’t know we exist, but we’re the busiest Starbucks in the nation, and the best paid baristas as well. It can be a great place to be in if you stick it out; I heard you were personally recruited though, so I’m sure you’ll do fine.”
Chapter 1
John was tired; it was after midnight and he was still adapting to the slightly random schedule they’d been keeping. He drained the rest of the tea and stood up from his chair.
“I don’t see what there is to discuss.” Sherlock said without looking at John.
John smiles in a way he hope isn’t too awkward. He, too is thankful that he found Sherlock and that they are serious enough for this to not be too odd, but isn’t sure he wants to have that discussion yet, and with his mother of all things.
Lestrade, who’d arrived just before the paramedics, scolded them while simultaneously trying to hide his fussing over Sherlock and eyeing up of John’s smart and obviously wrecked suit. His sergeant, Donovan, stood next to him, eyeing the pair of them with a mixture of disgust and disbelief.
The next day, they need information from Major Smith again. Sherlock wakes John up as the sun is just peeking over the horizon amid a flurry of words and hand gestures that have him stumbling, practically falling, out of bed in confusion and shock. Some day he is going to be used to being pulled out of bed at all hours, but that day is not today. He’s supposed to be on at the surgery this afternoon, and he reminds Sherlock of this, but simply gets a disinterested wave in response.
He’s cheered by his good luck and whistled absentmindedly as he unlocked the door to 221B and climbed up the stairs. Sherlock was stood at the top of the stairs, just inside the door, when he got up there. He was holding two take out coffee cups.
“Should we compare relationship success?” Ducky asks with a raised eyebrow as she looks pointedly between Sherlock and John. “I’ve got pages of things I could share,” she adds, voice a register lower than previously.
“Still wish you’d have taken me up on the offer to be here full-time.”
And it was true. Their relationship, though it had started off a bit tumultuously after the ridiculous farce that was their dance around each other, was going rather smoother than John had anticipated.  He was more than happy with its current status, despite the griping they often, good-naturedly, shared. The sex was amazing and interesting and kept John both satisfied and on his toes. Sherlock may have been moody and unpredictable, but it made their relationship work, giving John the disorder and excitement he craved. Their comradery had settled into the stasis of their now romantic relationship easily. They were, perhaps, still in the honeymoon stage of it all, but it was the most content John had been in his adult life, rivaling even his RAMC time.
“Even her own gift?” John had asked, knowing he’d seen one with her name on it.
“Sir, yes, sir,” Ducky says with a smile and a mock salute.
John coughed. “Yes. And a doctor.”
“Yeah, yeah, I’ll cough up the fifty cents we bet on it,” he says dramatically.
It seemed to take hours before John had finally trekked up to bed, and it was time interspersed with stomps and swear words that Sherlock strained to interpret. Once John had finally gone, Sherlock snuck out and grabbed his microscope and a few odds and ends from the kitchen table and skulked back to his room. Now at least he could actually be productive whilst in his self-imposed exile. It was a much more effective way of distracting his mind.
With that, he and Anthea disappeared once again into the car, leaving Sherlock and John standing on the pavement.
“One of your minions stole my microscope on their last romp through my flat, I require its return.”
“And you invaded Afghanistan,” Sherlock responded with yet another small smile. John was starting to feel proud each time he made one of those appear.
“Not that I actually want to know,” he had hastened to add on. “Bloody hell. But, you’re good for him, you know? He isn’t quite as… as fractious as he used to be.”
John tried not to scream, he really did. But when faced with the sudden close and physical presence of the peculiar man he’d been serving coffee to, in the small enclosed area of the back seat of a standard issue assassin car, he was feeling a bit overwhelmed.
There is much shuffling about and settling in and it is loving and welcoming in a quiet way that still seems to overwhelm Sherlock, if the looks he keeps sending John are indicative of anything. They don’t wait very long before diving into the presents. John and Sherlock had added their handful to the already existing pile under the tree and they all settle into a room that John can’t decide whether it is a second living room or a study.
Sherlock hasn’t spoken in thirteen hours. Hasn’t acknowledge John in the last seven, despite his being in the same room for more than half that time, and the three times John has left the flat and come back directly in his view.  It hasn’t happened often, but whenever Sherlock gets in these moods, John feels superfluous in ways he hasn’t since he’d first met Mycroft Holmes in an abandoned warehouse.
“Better grab your gun.”
Sherlock stood and made a face, “Mycroft could solve this almost as quickly as I could if he’d do a bit of legwork now and again. Lazy sod.”
John nodded before Sal headed down the hallway and entered a room that had two wing chairs and a small table between the two.
“That’s it! John, let’s go!” He yelled. They both grabbed their coat when Sherlock suddenly turned again.
“No gender connections, no physical similarities, sustained injuries all different, time of death varies, body position varies, familial connections aren’t traceable, but seems unlikely so far” John rattles the list off from memory, having spent way too much compiling it the night before.
John Googled him, he couldn’t help it.
“Don’t go expecting that every time,” John replied with a sigh, not even sure which question either Sherlock or he was addressing. Because, really, what else was there to say at this point. He didn’t think Sherlock was ready to hear some of the words that had threatened to graze past John’s lips. And John wasn’t sure he was ready to same them, even if they were true. Even if he wanted to.
Mycroft raised one elegant eyebrow at him in an obvious mock. He did, however, nod succinctly and signal to Anthea, who stood abruptly and walked away.
“Congratulations, John. You’ve joined the ranks of the non-brainless idiots of the world.”
Ella prattled on as he sat in the chair across from her. She talked more in their sessions than he did, which he tended to think was not the way they were meant to go. These sessions had been military ordered in the time between his recovery and his official discharge though, so he wasn’t necessarily here by choice. Talking about his feelings and thoughts with a stranger went against most of his ingrained personal habits and so he rarely said much. Bedsides which, she never seemed to ask the things he thought might actually help him to talk about; not that he would tell her what those were. He was brought out of his reverie when he suddenly realized Ella was staring at him, awaiting a reply to some question she asked.
“What is it you’ve managed to misplace, Sherlock?” Mycroft asked with a sigh.
“Excellent question, John!” Sherlock exclaims as he grabs the file he’d just set down as well as his latte and hustles out the door.
“Consulting, dear brother, consulting. Remember those times you begged me to come work for you and I continued to say no? Now where are those files?”
John stares at him for a moment. He knows he’s been complimented, if in a completely odd way, but he isn’t sure what to do with it.
Sherlock simply shakes his head in response as he heads for the back entrance and digs in his pocket. John rolls his eyes when he pulls one of Lestrade’s badges from an interior pocket and waves it over the reader.
He stared at John for another moment before he spoke, rattling his drink order off in one breath, “Grande cinnamon dolce with caramel and four shots.”
Before the doors have even sealed behind them, Sherlock’s pace has picked up and he’s rattling instructions towards John.
Dr. John H. Watson
With a slight snort of derision, Sherlock waved him in. “Dr. Watson, this is Mr. Wilson. Mr. Wilson, my colleague, Dr. Watson.”
“Honestly, and you call yourself a doctor. I need your opinion on how many hours post-mortem this photo could have been taken.”
His smile brightened as he thought of going back to the flat and lazing about the rest of the afternoon with Sherlock. Well, John would laze about and Sherlock would be his own brand of crazy as he swept around the flat in a constant stream of motion and noise.
“Sherlock?” He asked. “Got your text...” He trailed off and came to a halt as he noticed another man in the room. He was pretty hard to miss–a shock of bright red hair adorned his head. “Oh, sorry, didn’t realize you had company.”
“Cause of death seems obvious,” John began. “However, I’m not quite convinced.”
“You can’t just walk out of the SIS.” Mycroft practically spit at him.
“Come on; this case is closed enough that I can eat.”
“My very own Boswell,” and there was a slight smile on Sherlock’s face as he said it, so John counts it as permission.
If John let himself think about it, and he had over the last week or so, he was a little apprehensive about Christmas with Sherlock; well really just that it was their first Christmas. It seemed to hold a lot of decisions with it, a lot of weight. It would be the first time John will have spent the holidays with a significant other and he can’t help but wonder if he should be more worried about that. It was that time when they should be getting ready for the holiday. And, well, John was readying for it; Sherlock’s preferred method, as John was learning, was to ignore the holiday until the last possible moment. Or, perhaps completely—John still wasn’t quite sure.
The clearing of a throat brings his eyes back to Sherlock.
Sherlock was animated when they get home, bouncing ideas off of John and tapping away on his phone, muttering to himself. John simply watched him; basked in it all while he felt he still could. The day had gotten away from them and John, hungry and feeling non helpful with Sherlock’s current train of thought, opted for a break.
Chapter 5
Nothing changed. Well, not nothing, but near enough that John was slightly confused. He wasn’t disappointed, didn’t think he could be with the way things had gone. But having decided to embark upon a relationship with your flatmate and friend, John had thought something would change. Sure, there was snogging and cuddles and sex now, but there was still fighting and take out and solving crimes. There was still work at the clinic, experiments on the table, and coffee, lots of coffee, but there was also touches and smiles and looks of understanding.
(See the end of the chapter for
Instead, the next thing John remembered was groggily coming to, tied to a chair and facing an arrow. He was obviously in an underground tunnel, perhaps the very ones he and Sherlock had traversed the days before, but outside of that John can't seem to place what is going on. The Chinese acrobats from the circus pop out of the woodwork and the pulley system facing John is nearly identical to the one he'd seen this evening already. That gave him more than enough clues to know he didn’t want to be here.
They pick up food on the way home, only after John puts his foot down, almost literally. Suggesting Indian is probably the actual tipping point for Sherlock, not John’s obvious hunger and ire. Dangling naan and payasam in front of Sherlock were sure ways to ensure he ate. John tries not to use it too often, knowing Sherlock will catch on if he does.
Finally exasperated and bored, John called up one of the clinics he’d seen listed in the newspaper that was looking for locum work. It wasn’t ideal, not at all similar to the battle field medicine he was used to, but it would be money and it wouldn’t be coffee—it would be what he’d trained to do, something he liked and was good at. And it would get him out of the damn flat for some time by himself.
Ducky, in all her glory, breaks the silence and stage whispers next to him. “Did he just say the equivalent of ‘I love you’?”
He couldn’t figure out why–and until he did, the case wasn’t solved.
Read and enjoy!
Sherlock stared at him a moment, eerily reminiscent of their last interaction, before stalking into his bedroom and slamming the door.
John stood for a moment, thinking of his bank balance, his nightmares, the beige-ness of the bedsit, and the gun tucked away in his drawer.
“Yes. Of course it’s a yes. And for the record,” John had said, “though I am excited about the prospect of an official date with you, I was just fine doing cases with a side of take-away and the couch with you.”
He needed a phone. A phone that wasn’t his, with a number that wouldn’t be recognized. So he sent a text. Then another. Then he paused, thought a moment, and sent one more. He needed John he’d decided, wanted him, and he wasn’t going to let there be another option. And intrigue and danger were the way to get there. He’d pegged John the moment he’d laid eyes on him fully—adrenaline junky with a side of protector. Sherlock couldn’t have ordered a better companion if he’d tried. But it wasn’t just those things. Having spent even just a limited amount of time within John’s presence, Sherlock felt drawn. From the moment the word ‘fantastic’ had left John Watson’s lips, Sherlock was hooked. And he was prepared to do anything to keep John in his life—including going up against Mycroft and the entire SIS.
He crouched down and attempted to survey the damage. John’s suit was ruined. Sherlock’s right arm was bleeding and John couldn’t tell how bad it was, other than that Sherlock was criticizing the man and the case rather than the quiet that usually overtakes him if he’s actually hurt. John had a scrape across his left cheek from where a small piece of the bottle grazed him. Said bottle of wine, their second, not yet opened, was on the floor in pieces, where it’d rolled after cracking over the head of their suspect. The burgundy of the wine blended in odd patterns with the blood splatters. John had been unable to tear his eyes away once they’d settled on it. He eyed it once more as he stood; once the ambulance was here and he could breathe just a slight bit easier.
“Dr. Watson. Might we have a few words?” Mycroft greeted him; all fake smiles and demureness.
John cleared his throat. “So, Chinese?” He asked.
“An interesting case, I’ve hardly been so challenged since.”
“Good morning,” he said cheerfully to the seemingly ubiquitous Anthea and her equally ubiquitous phone. She merely exhaled in reply.
“You’re a doctor. In fact you’re an Army doctor.”
“I told you!” Ducky exclaims, whacking Sal on the shoulder.
The midafternoon rush was dying down and John was watching the few agents and other workers who were milling about, when a man strolled up, talking on the phone animatedly. John remembered this bloke from the other day—hard to forget a posh git like him, especially with a drink order like that. Where he put the calories was anyone’s guess, though I suppose with 4 shots, he probably burned if off through pure energy. There was something about him though, and John was fascinated as he half-listened to the one-sided conversation.
Suddenly a woman's voice rang out, “Where is your Sherlock now?” She taunted.
“Bills to pay,” John chirped out.
“I’ve been remarkably fond of him lately,” Sherlock replied enigmatically. Both John and Lestrade stared at him for a moment until Sherlock turned away and hailed a cab. Lestrade’s eyebrow rose towards John, but John was just as flummoxed and merely shrugged in response as he hurried to catch up with Sherlock.
“Seriously though, Doc, one day you were here and the next you weren’t. And you were a good employee so we don’t think you got yourself canned.”
“SIS,” Sherlock practically orders as he slides into the car, graceful despite his lack of sleep or food. John, fumbling in behind, is not fairing nearly as well as he slumps into the seat next to Sherlock. Anthea winks at him and hands the Starbucks cups she is holding over to both of them. Sherlock and John’s eyes meet as they both hesitate to grab them, drawing Anthea’s attention. She raises an eyebrow at them and they both grab the cups almost in haste, trying to cover their blunder. No words leave her mouth, but her eyes narrow at them and her fingers slide even faster over the keys of her phone.
‘Flatmate needed. Serious inquiries only. SH’
Chapter 3
John had stared at Mycroft for a second before he’d blushed bright red, visions of their interaction on the stairs the day before running through his head.
“I’m packing a bag. Grab anything necessary that you want. And I do mean necessary,” John calls over his shoulder as he pounds up the stairs, knowing already that the detritus he’ll find in Sherlock’s case is unavoidable.
“Wanna see some more?”
They’re on the curb outside the entrance to SIS not even 10 minutes later, despite what should have been mid-day traffic. John’s latte is gone but he’s not feeling any more awake than he did before it, and the yawn overtakes him before he can attempt to hide it. It’s noticeable enough to draw Sherlock’s attention, and John is expecting some type of diatribe thrown his way, but the glance is all that comes before a brief hand at the small of his back nudges him forward.
A case comes up on the twentieth. John’s been to the shops, has all his presents bought and wrapped. Despite how hard it was to find something for Sherlock, he’s glad for it now as they sleep little over the next handful of days. Three different robberies throughout London, not usually Lestrade’s division, but the oddity of it, and the random and unexplained death of one of the robbers at the third scene, means it is dropped on his desk. He calls Sherlock not minutes later. Everyone at the Yard wants this wrapped up quickly and done with before Christmas, so even Sally barely makes a comment when they step on the scene.
“If I might offer a bit of advice…?” Mycroft trailed off. John, apparently, was destined to spend this entire interaction with his mouth agape. His eyes darted to Anthea, standing slightly to Mycroft’s right. A smile twitched at her lips, as if she could read John’s incredulous thoughts. John couldn’t fathom Mycroft having any practical experience in this area—in fact the thought mildly terrified him. He coughed.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, thank you, that makes this situation slightly less harassing,” John responded caustically, but with a slight smile on his face. She’d simply smiled sweetly in response.
‘Baker St. SH’ It announced again.
After an hour of retreating to his mind palace, Sherlock rises slowly, texting as he stands.
“Oh God, yes,” John practically whispered. SIS provided some excitement, but nothing like what the war used to bring. It didn’t matter that he wasn’t sure this man was particularly sane or safe, that he had no idea where they were going or what they were doing, or whether he should even be around him. It was better than sitting alone in his tiny bedsit and simply waiting for the next day.
“Hello, Dr. Watson. Thank you for joining us. Please, take a seat.” The voice seemed to come from nowhere until a man materialized in the corner. He wore a perfectly put together three-piece suit and carried an umbrella, despite being both indoors and that London was going through an uncharacteristically dry spell of weather.
There isn’t much John can do with that other than laugh. And order yet another round of lattes; he may never get himself to sleep tonight, let alone Sherlock.
“Thanks for coming,” Lestrade said with a grimace. “Butler found her this morning when he got here, called it in.”
“I’m sorry, what?”
“Before she suggested the barista job, my therapist had suggested a blog as a way to entertain myself,” John began, and Sherlock snorted in derision. “I’ve been thinking of it again.”
“I could use an assistant,” Sherlock spoke suddenly as he leaned against the side of the building, all tight lines and expensive clothes.
John was in a good mood as he got off from the clinic Friday just after lunchtime. His patients had all been remarkably well mannered today and nobody had insisted on self-diagnosing from the internet, as seemed the craze these days. He disliked those ones even more than he did the screaming toddlers and their constantly apologizing parents.
The plane lands outside of London almost 17 full hours after they’d taken off; John dead on his feet as he shuffles onto the tarmac, having just awoken when the wheels touched down. Sherlock doesn’t allow them a moment’s more rest though, as he herds John into the waiting car.
“Or would you prefer the more colloquial, ‘I just solved a case the British Government was too lazy and incompetent to solve, let’s go have congratulatory sex’?” Sherlock adds on after the pause, causing an immediate hoot from Ducky and a laugh from Sal.
“And you wonder why I call Christmas a waste of time. People like that.”
John smiled as Sherlock seemed to search his face for how much truth was behind that statement. Whatever he’d seen must have convinced him as his entire demeanor relaxed and he finally removed his coat and made his way over to the couch. He’d flopped into his “thinking pose”–sprawled out on the couch with his hands positioned beneath his chin–by the time John had returned with the tea cups.
“Thank you, John.” Sherlock says suddenly from behind him.
“Very good John,” Mycroft says after a beat. Sal and Ducky both drag their eyes from Mycroft to the cup and then back. John doesn’t smile, but does tip his head slightly and hand over the piece of paper Sal had written on.
“You got shot, Sherlock. Shot! On our first date!”
The case files are blurring together now, words and pictures dancing across the page and through John’s consciousness. He’s no use, no good, at this point—every clue, every injury, everything is overlooked by him, even more so than usual. The sigh is almost automatic by now.
John watches as he heads over to his coat and checks the pockets. He pulls an envelope out of the inside breast pocket. His eyes light up slightly as he pulls the tickets out.
‘Could be dangerous. SH’
As John typed, he could sense it yet again—Sherlock’s gaze flicked to him every so often as he continued to pace. He had some private case on, not one from The Yard. John had been slightly surprised—he seemed to turn those down a dime a dozen, claiming they were child’s play. And while some of them were (even John had correctly deduced 3 of the 5 cases that were simple adultery), John felt some of the ones Sherlock turned down, especially the ones willing to pay, could have held his interest for at least a little while.
They talked particulars for a few minutes and Sherlock agreed to move in as soon as his current landlord would let him out of his lease. He reassured Mrs. Hudson that it wouldn’t be long. After all, there was no love lost between him and his current landlord, especially not since that small incident with the experiment Sherlock had unfortunately, and quite by accident, blown up the week before.
John spluttered. “You don’t see what there is to discuss?”
Sherlock nodded and they turned and headed off down the road, smiles on their faces.
“Incorrectly deduced?” John laughed dryly, distracted momentarily from his mission. “I bet it kills you to say that.”
It was a lazy morning in the flat and John had made tea for the both of them. He was flipping through the paper, looking half-heartedly at the jobs. Sherlock was alternating between laying supine on the couch and jumping up and pacing manically. John hid his smile behind his tea cup. His small cushion of finances would run out soon, especially at the rate with which they ate out. Sure, about half the time the food was free or reduced thanks to whatever random service Sherlock had provided the proprietor, but it was still a definite change in John’s spending pattern. He circled two possible options under the healthcare section and gave up, put his tea cup into the sink and wandered into the living room.
It started out wonderfully.
The sun shined almost mockingly as John Watson made his way slowly but purposely down the pavement. The months he’d been home and the physical therapy he’d endured had done little to cure the phantom pain in his leg and he braced his weight ever so slightly on the cane in his hand as he made his way to his therapist’s office. The weekly sessions had also done little in the way of re-acclimating himself to civilian life, but he still showed up, week after week. He sighed wearily as he shuffled in through the door and greeted the receptionist.
“I’m to take you to Baker Street,” she said crisply. But John could swear she was smiling. He nodded at her and climbed in. And, as he settled into the seat, he pulled out his mobile and re-read his last two messages.
“Latte for old time’s sake?” John asks with a nod and a smile towards the counter where Sal and Ducky are pretending to be covert as they watch him approach. Despite having obviously planned it, Sherlock’s eyes light up slightly, probably not enough that most people would notice. But John isn’t most people when it comes to Sherlock Holmes.
“I’m not sure how our country survives with these kinds of idiots as the echelon of intelligence gatherers,” Sherlock fires off quickly, words aimed at Mycroft even as he is looking at his coffee cup, examining the odd drawing Ducky had scribbled on it.
“John please do not tell me that my texting Mycroft turns you on,” Sherlock responds with a full body shudder.
Sherlock was distracted and he despised that. Normally able to completely switch his brain to and from what he wanted to concentrate on, to the exclusion of all else, the fact that he now couldn’t was making him agitated. The case, an 8 at least, should have been commanding the entirety of his attention. It was what he did—zeroed his mind in on something and solved it. Instead, his mind was wandering and wondering as he too stalked the streets of London, restless and roving.
Sherlock was, if nothing else, a practiced manipulator. After his brief encounter with Mycroft and liberating the last of his cigarettes, he’d taken the tube to Baker Street to see Mrs. Hudson about the flat. He was glad now that he’d not deleted that conversation he’d had with her, as trite as it had often seemed taking up space in his head. She was pleased to see him, and, true to form, invited him in for tea and biscuits. He smiled and charmed her as he sipped from his cup and nibbled on the snacks and then asked whether she might still have that flat available she’d mentioned once. She did, and she led him right upstairs and showed him around, obviously keen on renting it out. It was perfect, and a considerable upgrade from his place on Montague Street, enough that he was sure Mycroft would have no objections to returning the microscope to his rightful possession. Sherlock was sure he could even exploit it enough to have him bring along some new accessories. The smile on his face turned gleeful at the thought.
“Tsk, tsk, Sherlock. Really.”
Finally Sal whispered, “You can write the drink order on the cup if it helps you, but it’s best to simply do them in order, then there’s no confusion. You’ll have it mastered in no time,” he said with a reassuring smile.
They sleep in on Christmas morning. Sherlock had finally crashed after the case was over the previous evening. They’d arrived home just as dusk had fallen and John had broken out a bottle of wine they’d sipped as Sherlock played a handful of Christmas tunes on his violin. There wasn’t any snow, but the fairy lights cast small sparkles around the flat and the smile never left John’s face. It had been a near perfect evening that concluded with a luxurious tumble into bed before they’d both fallen asleep, exhausted.
Sherlock stopped and turned. “Really? That seems a bit unlikely. I’m not sure any of those words were ever included in any Byronic type prose.” His face turned thoughtful, as if he were going over the words and searching for them in his mind palace, cross referencing them against the few romantic texts that had somehow avoided deletion.
Since the incident the other night, when John had so blatantly touched him, Sherlock had taken to watching John. Oh, he thought he was being subtle, masked it behind other things, but John was aware. And it was driving him crazy. Their constant proximity and the tension that was wrapped around them was putting John on perpetual alert and there seemed to be an almost constant underlying buzz of arousal going through him. He wondered how long it would be until they cracked. Sherlock seemed a bit oblivious to relationships. Oh, he’d obviously had some experience, no one could pull out flirting and demands and then kiss him like that without it; but there was an almost innocent quality to his current ponderings that made John wonder even more so about his past.
Learning to operate the espresso machine was on the schedule for the second day and he fought not to be amazed at the sheer speed which some of the other workers could operate it. There seemed to be an innate bit of timing that one had to learn to make the exact perfect result, to push the buttons and turn the knobs just so. John failed utterly at anything even closely resembling perfect for most of the day. By the end, he’d managed to make one near perfect Americano, and was prouder of that than he wanted to be.
‘221B Baker St. Come at once if convenient. SH’
“I also had them pick you both up Starbucks. But if you don’t want it, that’s fine, I could use the caffeine.”
“I could always do with the money. And I can’t not work, doesn’t end well for me.”
It’s a shed of some kind, tucked in the back of the property. Just a stash point as far as anyone can tell; the home owner is an elderly woman with no contacts or motives and even Sherlock was forced to concede that her involvement was unlikely.
This chapter had some obviously borrowed dialogue from the show. Standard disclaimer applies as I obviously do not own it. Thank you also to the internet, most especially arianedevere.livejournal, for assisting with actual verbiage.
“Almost. Message is even weirder this time and the items left on the body are identical except for one.”
“What are you doing here?” He choked out.
“I think we’re okay, Mycroft. Thank you though for your…um, concern,” John tacked on in a last attempt at holding on to his reactions. Mycroft may seem to have sided with him on this, but he wouldn’t put it past him to use whatever weapon was hiding in his brolly should John happen to burst out laughing or lunge away in terror.
“For you, Doc? Sutures and a peek into your mysterious new life,” Ducky replies with a wink.
Ten minutes later, John has finished his toast and is just contemplating between a shower and laying out on the couch for a bit, when Sherlock stands up.
“You can read through these at your leisure,” Sal said as he handed him some pamphlets, “but they don’t leave the building. I’ll sum up all the important bits anyway.”
It was times like these that John was always stunned—when Sherlock rolled words off that he didn’t even seem to take notice of and that, sometimes literally, took John’s breath away.
‘Assistance required. SH’
“Hungry?” Sherlock asked as soon as the man was gone. “We need to check on a few leads and Mr. Wilson’s office is right by this nice little Thai place I like.” John nodded in reply, still somewhat lost on what exactly was going on.
Sherlock nods and reads the slip that was inside the envelope as well. “
“Oh, this is just Yard stuff, not SIS, no one around here could care less about this man I assure you. And, please, ‘doctor’ is written all over you. Quite literally in fact,” he added with a smirk and a nod towards John’s uniform.
“That you are more than a barista, more than coffee. That I said danger and you came running. My mind lights up when you’re around. Can you imagine what we could be together? We’d be unstoppable,” and he deliberately lowered his voice on the last sentence. It was heady to hear those words, breathed out in rich tones so close to his ear and John didn’t think anyone in the world could have resisted the situation. And so he gave in.
“Wonderful, John. Their minions can take it from here. Time for your attempt at getting me to eat and sleep. Mycroft, I’d say it’s been lovely, but it hasn’t. Sal and Ducky, best of luck on your new romantic endeavor. For John’s sake, I hope it doesn’t crash and burn too badly. John, are you ready to go? I’ve a particularly interesting specimen in the fridge yet.”
He is surprised when he walked out a few minutes later with a job. It wasn’t exactly the worst interview he’d ever done, paled in comparison to the one with Mycroft in fact, but he’d certainly got odd vibes from Dr. Sawyer.
Sherlock weaves past Major Smith’s office and beckons him without breaking stride as he continues on to Mycroft’s, growing antsier and more upset with each step.
“I press the issue only because the two of you seem quite incapable of… well of anything, honestly,” Mycroft added almost absentmindedly. John tried not to stare at him, but it was hard to resist. Was Mycroft actually being encouraging? Or at least his version of it?
“I’m going to head up. Try to get at least some sleep tonight,” he said affectionately. And, feeling bold, he ran his fingers along the back of Sherlock’s neck and shoulders as he passed by the back of the couch. He felt Sherlock’s eyes tracking the back of him on his ascent up the stairs.
The cogs of John’s brain had finally caught up. “He’s your
‘Happy Christmas, indeed’ John thought to himself with a smile.
John nodded, already secretly familiar with the order. It was slow enough that John could scoot over to make the drink and let Sal cover the counter; though he got an odd look for it. They don’t usually switch off mid-order like that. He might get some good natured ribbing later for it if Sal figures out why, but John finds he doesn’t much care.
The sand began to drop from the bag and John couldn't concentrate on the woman any more. His eyes darted frantically and his hands worked hastily as he attempted to untie the ropes that bound him to the chair. It seemed forever but was possibly less than 30 seconds later that he heard the welcome taunting of Sherlock's voice. John would never complain about that arrogant tone again. Or he’d give Sherlock at least one free pass.
“Do,” Ducky mouths as she pours with one hand and grabs a lid with the other.
Sherlock hummed in thought as they made their way into the house and up the stairs to what was obviously the master bedroom. John let out a small whistle and Lestrade shot a quick grin and nod his way. Sherlock stalked around the room, investigating different parts of it, poking around and generally being odd, before he knelt down next to the body.
“Same as the last ones?”
John trudged slowly up the stairs to his bedsit late Friday evening, his leg throbbing. It had been a long hard week of standing, but it was a good ache—one that meant he was getting out and about. He only wished he could convince his body of that. Still, he took three paracetamol, hoping to dull it slightly. He was feeling hungry and didn't think tinned beans were going to cut it tonight. Being that it was his first payday so he decided to treat himself. Grabbing his wallet he headed back out, intent on hitting up his favorite Indian place not too far away. Checking the balance on his account made his eyes boggle slightly. Sal was right; they must be the best paid baristas in the nation. He wasn't going to become rich off of it, but it’d be steadier income that he’d hoped for when he initially accepted it. At least enough to get him out of the bedsit hopefully and tide him over while he decided what to do with his life.
?” Sherlock asked in that posh voice of his that reminded John just how much better off he was. And there was a smirk included as well, of course there was. And John was confused, because he’d thought…well, he still wasn’t actually sure what he’d been thinking. Only that it involved Sherlock and possible happiness, and maybe a gun and some running as well; though not necessarily always in that order, or in the same context. But there all the same.
“Finally realized it, huh?” Sherlock asked with a smirk.
London
“I’m going out,” he announced.
“Not Anthea today though, are we?” Sherlock asks with a smirk of his own as he climbs into the car.
John sat at the table. He thought about making tea—he was good at that. No screwing up there. But, as he stared at the take away cup that still sat on the table, he decided to reheat it and drink that instead. A small showing, even if Sherlock may never know about it.
“Pretty sure I didn’t do much of anything. You figured it all out yourself, talked that guys’ ear off until he was so confused he confessed, and found where he’d hidden the rest of the money. Incredible.”
Chapter 5
Stepping out of the cab, Sherlock opts this time to walk in the main door, which surprises John, but he thinks he realizes why as Sherlock takes a right turn almost immediately. He is rather obviously weaving them on a route towards the lounge area and the Starbucks that is there. It isn’t quite on the way to Major Smith’s office and John picks up on it rather quickly. He slows down noticeably, presented with a situation he isn’t quite sure about, but Sherlock ignores him He can’t hide his smile though, taking in the counter and the two figures resting against it.
John decided that he and Sherlock must have been giving off vibes. Mycroft was one thing, but now it had spread. They were at the crime scene when Lestrade approached John to quietly inquire about ‘just what the bloody hell’ the two of them were doing.
“Thank you, really, because I needed this for a bit; but we’re done now.”
Training on the systems was first. John was not as familiar with technology as most of the other, younger workers were, and it took him almost a full day to get used to the buttons and where things showed on the screen of the POS system. Then, they sent him home with training pamphlets of the menu the first night to study, and he felt almost more intimidated than he did while in medical school.
Later that evening, after John has made a makeshift dinner and they’re lounging around, Sherlock speaks up.
“Well, we’ve got two away on holiday this week, and one’s just left to have a baby. Might be a bit mundane for you. Colds, sniffles, vaccines.”
“Well, he will if you ask again in the morning.”
“You two are too nosy and living way too vicariously through me.” John responds with a smile. “And you both also know that I can’t tell you much; I’m here, that should tell you enough about what he’s working on to know its seriously under wraps. I do have a couple of questions for you though, Sal.”
“Is it of national importance?” Sherlock countered, a slight lilt to his mocking tone.
John paused for a moment. “Her name is really Anthea?”
Mycroft’s gaze settled on the cup and his smirk widened. “I’m sure.”
Sherlock himself had straightened to his full height and stepped closer to Mycroft. “Keep your oversized nose out of my business, Mycroft.” He snarled.
The third time John saw the mysterious posh man was the day that everything stated to change. It wasn’t life altering, but a slow path, as if plotted out by the universe. He watched him covertly as he approached the counter. It was during a lull in the early afternoon, close enough to lunch still that the mid-afternoon caffeine rush wasn’t upon them yet. The man had a very different attitude and demeanor than the rest of the workers they saw around here–a combination that was both more flamboyant and less social.
Snogging the heck out of Sherlock and sharing the best mutual hand job of John’s life hadn’t seemed to actually solve any of John’s problems—in fact, it seemed to only make them worse. Whatever he’d been feeling before was now exponentially worse and also laid frighteningly bare. Every second of their time together John was painfully aware of Sherlock—aware of his presence, his movements, his possibly conceived thoughts and feelings. John wasn’t prepared to hold on much longer. He may have been trained in the art of war, but not in the art of love.
“Thank you, John, for continuing to rub this folly in my face,” Sherlock replied tightly, turned on his heel and attempted to brush past John.
Less than fifteen minutes later John is grabbing a muffin and a tea from Speedy’s as Sherlock hales a cab outside. The drive to SIS isn’t as long as John would like, still attempting to both wake himself up and calm his nerves by ingesting too hot of tea in large gulps.
“It’s fine. Haven’t had tradition enough for it to be different,” John replies frankly.
Blogger
“Boring.” He would simply state when John asked. Or, John’s favorite, “Trivialities. I haven’t time for them. This,” he would continue, tapping his head, “is my hard drive, and it only makes sense to put things in there that are useful ... really useful. Ordinary people fill their heads with all kinds of rubbish, and that makes it hard to get at the stuff that matters. Do you see? Why should I waste my time on anything that isn’t important?” John had heard that speech three times already. Three.
Schooling his face, Sherlock looks at the floor before returning his eyes to John. “You’re like espresso to me, my dear Watson. Hot, addicting, energizing, sustaining.”
Sherlock continued talking as they turned, “End of Baker Street, there’s a good Chinese stays open ’til two. You can always tell a good Chinese by examining the bottom third of the door handle.”
“Your interview will be conducted elsewhere, Dr. Watson,” the woman announced shortly, her eyes not leaving her phone screen as she waited for him. Faltering once more, John was finally graced with eye contact from the woman. The look clearly conveyed that he was being an idiot and should simply get in the car before something worse came along.
Sherlock had been brought abruptly out of his examination of a particularly distinct larva that had been found stuck to the bottom of a victim’s shoe when he heard John wake up. His morning ablutions were completed with military efficiency and the smell of breakfast had wafted into Sherlock’s room, reminding him that it had been a while since he’d eaten, even for him. When John came and stood outside his door, he knew. He sensed him there, hesitating, and could imagine him, fist raised as if contemplating knocking. The walls that Sherlock had spent the night rebuilding shook slightly. Sherlock had sighed just after John had, but he wasn’t sure if it was in relief or frustration.
Chapter 3
“I had someone get your shopping for you,” she told him as they climbed back into the car.
John sidles up to the surprisingly empty counter and greets both Sal and Ducky with a smile.
“Jesus, Sherlock. You didn’t misread the situation. Or me!” He yelled, trying to get him to stop moving, to stop hiding.
The car pulls to a stop and the driver opens the door for them, standing guard as he ushers them out. Anthea wishes them well before the door is shut quickly behind them. They are just outside Larvotto Anthea had informed them, barely inside the border, and they are on a slight hill. John imagines he can see the lights and almost hear the sounds of Monte Carlo from here; he’d never pictured himself there as he’d heard colleagues doing, and it seems almost crass to be thinking that now. He clears his throat and rotates on his heel, following Sherlock in silence towards the small building they’d been dropped at.
“Do you have to type so loudly?” Sherlock suddenly exclaimed as he hopped over the coffee table and into John’s proximity. John startled slightly and looked up at him, faces mere inches apart. Whatever showed on his face must not have been good as Sherlock’s eyes narrowed.
“Of course not, but I can hardly go around not calling her anything, so it works as best as it can. I took to calling her other things for a while; but she is trained in almost as many martial arts as true SIS members, and is infinitely more annoying and persistent, so I gave up.”
John spent the next three hours reading and signing papers, feeling as if he’d just signed his life away even more than we’d he’d joined the bloody army.
John nods and heads off to the right as Sherlock’s long strides lead him straight and towards where John now knows Mycroft’s office resides.
“Time to go, John,” he fired off carelessly.
“Cold case, a few years back, reminds me of this one. They may have been amateurs back then, there might have been mistakes. Pictures could be important.”
“Yes,” Sherlock breathed out, practically before John had a chance to even finish. “Yes,” he added one more time as he’d turned towards John, eyes taking in every detail of the situation. John felt intoxicated and more important than a crime scene at that moment.
For some reason Lestrade’s words hit home where none of Mycroft’s words or John’s  thoughts quite had. Sherlock was not a people person; no one would have said that about him. He also didn’t suffer idiots, and he often called John one, though sometimes with a small hint of what John hoped was care or indulgence. Therefore, the very fact that he seemed to not only allow John’s presence, but actually welcomed it, was more telling than most people’s words would be. It gave John a new confidence as he mulled that over, watching Sherlock tear the crime scene to pieces, and Anderson with it. Maybe it wasn’t words so much that they needed; though John wasn’t going to let them get away with none—they’d had enough confusion between them already.
Shedding his coat, John hung it up and removed his shoes before he headed to flip on the kettle. He wasn’t consciously trying to reenact that scene, but it catches him how similar it is and he deliberately stopped and removed himself from the kitchen as Sherlock hung his coat and flopped onto the couch.
“I’m saying you and me. That you didn’t misread it, and I wasn’t confused!” John tried to rein his voice in, but it still came out almost as a yell. Quietly, he added on, “And I thought maybe you were thinking that as well.”
There is still one large item under the tree and Sherlock pushes John towards it. It is awkwardly and inefficiently wrapped and so John simply tears the paper off the top. Underneath is a small espresso machine. It is obviously used and not nearly as fancy as anything he’d used at Starbucks, but it looks clean and like it will fit right into the décor at Bake Street—he wouldn’t quite call it antique but it was a near thing.
John had even helped on the latest case Sherlock had been recruited for. Just a few days after the move, the Detective Inspector from The Yard, Greg if John had remembered correctly, had stopped by looking for Sherlock’s help. Not ten minutes prior, Sherlock has been complaining about boredom, but he immediately feigned disinterest as the case was explained. John’s eyes had hurt from the effort of not rolling them mercilessly; sometimes Sherlock was like a little kid, or a puppy you had to convince to go outside even though it had to wee.
“Am I going to go ‘unofficially missing’ now?” John asked after he settled himself in the car.
It had taken days for Sherlock to plan it but luckily Mycroft, and therefore by extension Anthea, was a creature of habit. Anthea was slightly harder to pin down sometimes, and slightly more in tune with human emotions than Sherlock cared to dwell on. It was hardly an effort at all to tweak with their transportation schedule and ensure that no one was scheduled to escort one ‘Doc’ from the back entrance of SIS to wherever it is they left him off 17 minutes later. Well, Sherlock had a fairly good idea of where it was he was left off, but that was beside the point. The point was that Sherlock needed him tonight. He may not know his name yet, and boy had his fingers itched to get themselves on that file, but he knew enough. Enough to know that tonight could be the break in the case, both cases.
“Not much interest in locum work to be honest, we were reaching out on a limb here.” He’d nodded, despite that she can’t see him, and agreed to come in over the lunch hour.
In the end he nodded, unable to think of a convincing enough argument. He took the small business card with an address and a time written on it, and slowly headed out, even though their time wasn’t up yet for the day. Ella seemed almost over the moon with his small acceptance of the card and let him go early with a slight wave.
His eyes closed momentarily, “I can’t operate again,” he reminded her roughly, thinking of the cane and the tremor.
“Boring?” John asks. “Three parents all stealing the same toy from each other in attempt to have the best present under the tree, two of them ending up dead?”
“Honestly, Detective Inspector, what do you take John for? He’s a perfectly respectable army doctor. He has a permit, of course, from the Home Office.” John’s shocked face almost gave them away; Lestrade glanced between the two of them in confusion. Sherlock had the decency to look at least slightly abashed.
After five minutes of watching the exchange, John’d had enough.
John nods towards Sherlock’s hand, where his four shot latté still rested. “Of the seven SIS or MI housed or friendly buildings with prototype Starbuck’s, four of them have agents that have now been kidnapped and slaughtered. I should have seen it sooner, my training consisted of where the locations were.”
John’s phone chose that very moment to chime.
“What are you seeing?” Lestrade asked as he came up behind John.
“How’s the diet?” Sherlock called as Mycroft made his way out the door. He let out a small grunt when he realized he was already gone and slowly sat up, shaking the curls out of his eyes as he popped the folder open and began reading.
And so when John Watson opened the door to the usual black car that took him home, Sherlock put on his most pleasant smile.
It all blurred together into an incomprehensible picture that left John only more bewildered and intrigued. John knew he shouldn’t have, knew he shouldn’t even know his name. This Sherlock apparently may not actually be an official SIS employee but John was pretty sure it still violated practically every document that he had signed prior to employment. For some reason it didn’t seem to be enough to make him want to stop though.
“What?” John asks, confused by the random statement.
“Yeah, well, I quit.” He stated.
It was Monday morning and Sherlock and John were pacing outside the Thai restaurant. They were early for their stakeout and waiting for Lestrade and his team to show. John was still slightly off kilter from their encounter yesterday, and his fists clenched and unclenched as he paced and Sherlock was a bundle of energy as he walked back and forth along the pavement.
“Dr. Watson.” Mycroft articulated slowly after he’d pulled himself to full height. John responded with a nod.
“Mobile phones by certain level employees are prohibited inside these premises, Dr. Watson.”
Largely John felt he was doing little besides existing next to Sherlock, but perhaps that was enough for them. He was slightly lost on the case, which was not unusual, but the DI who is not Lestrade is a dick to Sherlock and so John vented his frustrations on him a bit louder than he should have. But the bodies had started to pile up, and he really didn’t like Sherlock—two things that John wouldn’t stand for.
Afraid to actually echo the question, John blinks slowly and tries to bring himself under control, slow his breathing like Ella had taught him what felt like forever ago.
John jumps slightly and turns around to face him.
And just like that, things between them were okay. Except they hadn’t talked about anything, hadn’t dealt with the tension, the misunderstandings, or the argument. They’d simply settled back into a routine. John worked three or four half days a week and was at Sherlock’s beck and call the remaining time. They solved two more cases in the next week for Lestrade and four private ones. And if, after each one, as Sherlock smiled his one perfectly happy, self-satisfied smile that John had privately begun to call his “solved” smile, John’s stomach and heart would do a little flip, well, it wasn’t the worse thing John had ever ignored.
“Sherlock, we need to talk, please.”
Sal simply splutters. “His nibs indeed,” he mutters quietly before exclaiming, “Should have tacked a tip onto that one.”
John is tired, and there is a part of him that wants to be irritable, that wants Sherlock to notice him and speak to him as if they were a normal couple. His muscles ache from sitting on the cold stone floor, but he knows they’ll be no warm bed tonight.
“We’ll be in touch,” he adds with a flourish as he exists. John nods his head at the three occupants of the room and follows suit, if less dramatically.
“There are cameras situated throughout 221B Baker Street’s main entrances to ensure the continued safety of my brother.”
John, looking abashed, was about to speak when Sherlock interrupted.
Sherlock had sent John a text mid-day telling him to meet him and The Landau at 18:30. He had also instructed that John wear the contents of a package to be delivered that afternoon in lieu of one of his usual jumpers.
“Bit of trouble too, I bet. Some excitement.”
“I’m sure you’d have some wonderful reasoning behind giving it to me if you had,” John says with a laugh. “And I technically did that for you, so don’t knock it.”
He’d stood up and nodded briefly to Mycroft before he hurried after Anthea, more than happy to exit the situation and the building.
“No, that’s fine.”
But, really, that would only cause it to blow up that much worse when it came to head–which it undoubtedly would.
“Of course I want it, Sherlock. Thank you.”
Figuring it isn’t worth arguing, John heads up the stairs to change.
Just as John is about to drift off in his arm chair, Sherlock’s phone rings
John gave a cheerful nod as he climbed out and made his way through a fairly ordinary door. He passed through the first door and the stopped short when the second door had a thumbprint pad. He placed his thumb and the door immediately clicked open. The third door was the same. Once he stepped through, a man in similar attire awaited him.
“Grande Cinnamon Dolce latte with caramel and 4 shots,” Sherlock said, hardly breaking steam on his conversation, and not looking up as he handed over the notes and walked along, well used to the system and efficiency here.
They’d hardly interacted; Sherlock had glanced up only for a moment when the surprise thank you had come from the barista. But it had been enough to engage his attention and to catalogue hundreds of small tells about the man. It certainly wasn’t odd to see ex-military in the SIS building, but to see one behind the counter of the coffee shop certainly was. There’d been a moment of wonder as to how he ended up there until the answer came to him. Mycroft, of course. As if there should have been any doubt on that front; everything in Sherlock’s life somehow managed to tie back to him.
He could do nothing but nod and then watch the man twirl away, a mass of coat and bravado heading away from John.
“Is it really your job to escort me everywhere?” He asked curiously.
“Ah, Major Smith,” he replied with a small nod, as respectful as Mycroft or Anthea had ever seen him.
John stared at him in shock, trying to understand what was happening.
“Well, come on,” he huffs after a moment when John doesn’t move.
Anthea, Mycroft’s personal assistant (and bodyguard), greeted Sherlock with little more than a nod as he brushed past her and into Mycroft’s office, despite the three gentlemen seated throughout the office.
Chapter 1
Chapter 5
He’d written up a rough draft of their second case together, “The Red-Headed League” he was thinking of calling it. He’d started the blog page way back when Ella had first suggested it and had posted one pathetic beginning entry of ‘Nothing’. Writing about Sherlock’s cases seemed like a good exercise in something to do and he thought maybe Ella would agree; if he were still seeing her that is. Deciding to finish it up and get it posted, to finally add something to that page, he picked up his laptop and settled in at the desk.
The car slowed to a stop.
John hesitated for only a moment before sitting on the chair on the side of the table closest to him. The man sat down only after John had.
“We’re going for a walk,” he announces.
John has to work two shifts at the clinic during it and sleeps little, spending his off hours as both a veritable sounding board and a pseudo bodyguard for Sherlock as he works through the details. He is impressed as always as he watches him break down and solve the case. The robbers had been stashing their loot in the pots of poinsettias at the florist shop one of their wives owned. They’d managed to lose track of which poinsettias they’d used and had been breaking into homes that had a record of purchasing them, attempting to recover their items. The unfortunate gang member that was supposed to be keeping records was the one that had ended up dead at the jewelry store. One member had folded as soon as John had cornered him with his gun. He broke down into sobs about needing the money for Christmas presents and had quickly given up the names of his co-conspirators.
“I’ll make sure he texts,” John had added conspiratorially to Lestrade just before he turned to catch up to Sherlock. Lestrade waved in thanks.
At five minutes of eight, John made his way slowly to the front pavement to wait. Less than thirty seconds after he came to a stop, a different, yet similar, black car pulled up to the kerb. He opened the door and climbed in without hesitation or argument.
John has just started to laugh in reply when they are both brought up short by the sudden appearance of a black sedan, and John pulls to parade rest in one fluid motion. John watched carefully as Anthea, followed by Mycroft, climbed out of the backseat.
John tried to squelch the feeling that crept up when Sherlock replied. He’d been working this case alone then, that meant. It hurt perhaps more than John had thought it might. But it seemed he needed him now so he nodded and followed behind.
Ducky is about to tease him more, he can just tell, when her face blanks slightly and she stands up just a bit straighter behind the espresso machine. John looks over his shoulder to see Sherlock, Mycroft, and Major Smith headed towards them. Sherlock’s smile widens when he catches sight of John.
Sherlock continued to text for a few minutes, longer than he usually maintained with Mycroft, and suddenly announced they had a case. (“Only a six, John, but Lestrade is begging.”) They were out the door and had hailed a cab within minutes.
“No. I went over them: location, size, departments, employees; everything.”
Two and a half weeks later, after tying up a case with Scotland Yard (it was the brother, honestly, how anyone missed the green ladder connection was beyond him), Sherlock was in the midst of moving his things to Baker Street. Mycroft’s minions not only returned his microscope freshly polished and with new slides and bulbs, but also moved the majority of his affects, and delivered a new set of furniture. Sherlock knew that meant his brother wanted something from him, a consult at the very least, but he was almost too happy with his new accommodations to much care. Placing his skull on the mantle was the last piece to settling in, and Sherlock looked around with a sense of accomplishment. He sent a text to Lestrade about a cold case he’d been contemplating and busied himself setting up a new experiment.
DI Dimmock showed up just as Sherlock finished untying John, ruining whatever had just passed between their eyes, and suddenly can do nothing but crow about Sherlock and his solving of the case and general wonderfulness. John’s lips are pursed and Sherlock has them herded out mere moments before John would have succumbed to punching the man.
“That wasn’t what I meant, I just…”
Then, after three deaths and numerous decipher attempts, Sherlock confronted the gang and walked away, stolen item and dignity still in place. It really all happened after the circus incident when Sherlock nearly got them both beaten up or skewered. John was frustrated and stormed off, needing space. Sherlock, still intent on the last sections of the code and finalizing the case, wandered off after an exclamation and a short glance towards John’s retreating form that, had John noticed, may have changed the tide of their relationship then and there.
The night was both amazingly successful and an unmitigated disaster John thinks privately to himself. It had all began about three weeks after they’d finally sorted themselves out when Sherlock flounced into the flat one evening.
him. Sherlock has been ignoring Mycroft for over a day at this point, and John is being driven insane by it. Nothing he has said for the last twenty-four hours seem to have broken through Sherlock’s stubbornness. John thinks most days the only things to break through Sherlock’s self-imposed mind block is a corpse or sex. And John resorts to both of those far often than is possibly healthy.
“A treasure hunt, John?” He drawls out. John smiles. He may sound snarky but he’s playing along and that is almost more than John had hoped for. He’d only done three clues, knowing even that was probably pushing both his luck and his abilities.
Finally, right on the dot Tuesday morning, yet another black car pulled up in front of his building, and he shuffled in to head off to another full week. Somewhat surprisingly, John thought, he was enjoying the work. It wasn’t quite as mind-numbing as he’d been afraid that it would be. There were always at least two of them working and a steady stream of people queuing up, so there was always chatter of some kind or another. It wasn’t always hectic, and there were plenty of small tasks to keep him busy during the slower times—cleaning, stocking, and refilling. Slowly his leg was becoming used to the near constant standing. He still used the cane as much as he could, but often behind the counter he could stay in almost the same spot so it wasn’t always necessary.
Training to be a barista was slightly harder work than John had imagined it would be. It took only a little over 3 days for his background checks and security clearance to come through and he had a voicemail from the mysterious Anthea the Tuesday after his initial ‘interview’. He would spend the first week of training at a public Starbucks location, learning the ropes, before integrating into his site specific training.
“I was hoping they’d pull you in for this one,” he said as a greeting.
“And you wonder why both suicides and domestic murders increase this time of year, John, honestly. It’s that kind of drivel that causes it.”
They’re back home before it is fully evening, stuffed full of turkey, mince meat pies, sweet potatoes, creamed corn, fruit, rolls, and pies. He’d dozed against Sherlock’s shoulder on the car ride home. Now John is puttering around, attempting to clear space for the espresso machine. It isn’t large, but space is at a premium between actual kitchen appliances and Sherlock’s mess of experiments and case notes.
“I can't make you one of those fancy peppermint lattes you like this time of year but did the best I could. It
“Not even a good morning?” John grumbles to himself as he pulls himself upright. He’s not expecting an answer, Sherlock already gone from the room, but he is surprised by a quick shove, body pressed against his and a mouth, devouring his own. It’s over before he’s even properly aware, and Sherlock is gone again in a swirl of his coat.
The morning passed both quicker and slower than he’d hoped. Dr. Sawyer (“Sarah, please”) spent the first hour or so showing him the ropes–where they kept supplies, their computer system, workflow, introductions, unwritten rules of the clinic, etc.–and generally tried to make him feel at home. He had his first patient right before lunch and it was nonstop after that. The issues were mundane and simple, but it was medicine and it was a distraction, so John was not completely unhappy about it. Sherlock and their issues weighed constantly in the back of his mind though.
Crassness, John? Really?”
The papers in Sherlock’s office seem to be piled even higher than before, as if they’ve multiplied over time simply by sheer will. John wouldn’t be surprised if Sherlock had somehow managed that.
“Enter through the door; take a left, then a right, then another left. Another barista will be waiting for you. Enjoy your day, Dr. Watson.”
He wished they still allowed smoking in the building. It was practically impossible to smoke anywhere in the city anymore—half the reason he’d started using the patches so frequently. They weren’t quite the same, but less yelling seemed to occur, so sometimes it was worth the inconvenience.  Reading files was often the boring part of the hunt. He could scan them quickly enough, but it wasn’t the same as chasing a suspect or going undercover. Needs must though, and he tucked into the piles at his desk with a raw determination. He spent the next two days in a similar blur—darting off at odd moments when he thought he’d finally found an important piece and pouring over file after file on the missing person and their affiliations.
Mycroft sighs as he unlocks a bottom drawer and hands over 7 green marked files. Sherlock practically lunges at them and scans through each one quickly.
“Yes. Yes, of course.” He responds, because there really isn’t anything he’d like more.
“Crime scenes so different it’s almost comical. Almost intentional.” Sherlock adds on slowly, eyes narrowing as they meet John’s.
Despite knowing he was not being picked up until 08:00, John awoke with near military precision almost two full hours before that. Not quite sure what to expect, he washed, dressed, and prepared for the day carefully. He’d been given a uniform, a full ensemble really, by the head barista at the shop he’d trained at and had washed it in preparation for today. However, the SIS location must have had other ideas as a small brown paper package sat on his table when he went to switch on the kettle.
John started and his hands fumbled a bit trying to get a grasp on the phone in order to reply. He resolutely did not look at Anthea whom he was sure could have typed six texts in the time it took him to fumble with his phone. It chimed again before he could even start to tap away.
“I know, John. You don’t have to make a career out of it, but it could be a good start. Will you at least go for an interview? I set one up for you this week. You don’t have to, but I think it might be good for you.”
As they ready themselves the next morning, John isn’t sure what to expect of the Holmes estate and its residents. Trying to picture the couple that could have not only produced but also raised both Sherlock and Mycroft is intimidating at the least, terrifying at the worst. Sherlock has rarely spoken of them, though John doesn’t seem to think it is intentional, which makes him at least not specifically fear them or any explicit outcome of the day. That doesn’t mean he isn’t nervous, especially with the number of times Sherlock insists upon using the word estate. Memories of the small house in their council estate growing up has him feeling distinctly out of place before they’ve even arrived. John is pretty sure nothing would surprise him at this point, and is expecting a manor of some kind that would look as if it belonged to landed gentry or amongst the scenes in some Jane Austen adaptation.
“Bastard,” John chortled softly. “I was thinking of writing up the cases–wondered if you’d be okay with that? What you’d think of it.”
“Brilliant as always,” John said as he handed a cup to Sherlock. He received a hum in reply.
“I’m going to go and get the full tox reports from Major Smith, not just the garbage summary Mycroft’s minions gave me. You go talk to your former colleagues, see what insight or knowledge they might hold. Sal in particular, he’s been here a while.”
“Mycroft says I’m to congratulate you. There are wine and flowers en route to Baker Street,” she says, eyes never leaving her phone. John splutters slightly.
John is up and standing before Mycroft’s voice has cut out. The familiar adrenalin rush is already thrumming through his veins, and Sherlock is now paying him undivided attention.
Sherlock pulls a torch from out of the confines of his coat somewhere once they’re inside the building.  They’d passed three guards that John had seen, and who knew how many others were silently keeping watch. They both pause a moment as the beam of light swings across the first wall and reveals the grisly crime scene.
And after all was said and done, two days later, Anthea sends them a gift certificate to their favorite take-away and a DVD coupon. There is another stick-it with another wink etched onto it. John makes sure to flip off the nearest CCTV the next time he is out.
“The car will be here shortly,” he says; the first words either of them have spoken since they stepped out of the car.
Ducky almost drops John’s cup as she startles and a blush spreads across her cheeks.
“And, seriously, what is the dish on you and posh?” Ducky interjects.
John sighs, but knows by now which battles to pick with Sherlock. “Tea at least?” He asks. The answering wave from Sherlock could be interpreted in many different way, so today John assumes it means yes to the tea.
He is now stalking around the small rectangular structure, taking in small nuances and muttering to himself. It is in these moments that John always feels superfluous; Sherlock is in his element and John can do little but watch and stay out of his way.
Thank you again, as always, for reading. There is a crime scene in this chapter and my knowledge of both medicine and police work is rudimentary at best, so hopefully it doesn't drive anyone too crazy with inaccuracies.
Sherlock’s chuckle, deep and rare, follows him as he walks away. John stares at the pair for a moment before turning on his heel. “Don’t think I won’t be back to hear about this,” he turns and adds quickly before following after Sherlock. Sal only waves his arm lazily at him in return.
“Any friend of Mr. Holmes is most certainly a friend of The Landau’s,” he said with a warm smile as he showed John to a small table at the edge of the restaurant.  He hardly had to wait a minute before Sherlock and his coat swirled in and sat themselves down across from him.
Mycroft pointedly looked around the flat before standing up. “I’ll see you in the office by Friday at the latest, is that clear, Sherlock?”
“Yeah, well, he wanted to have a little ‘talk’. Hard to say no when the car follows you for a few blocks and everyone is staring at you.”
It was the following day after the incident when John was kidnapped by Mycroft. They were out of tea and bread, about the only two things Sherlock would reliably consume, and so John had taken it upon himself to head out to the shops. After two blocks of John having attempted to ignore the black sedan inching along next to him, he’d given in. It wasn’t worth the fight or the stares. The warehouse they ended up in was a different one, but the situation eerily similar to their first meeting for that interview all those months ago.
‘No. New case; we need to go to the bank when you get back. Don’t dawdle. SH’ John made a noise halfway between indignation and humor as he read it. It was a typical message from Sherlock, but John felt touched that Sherlock was obviously waiting for him, something that did not always occur, especially lately.
“I was telling you about a job I’d heard about. It might seem a bit mundane at first, but I think it might suit you well. I have some connections with a placement agency and this was one they have trouble filling. You need security clearance, and I think your military background will come in handy. I can’t say much, but its service industry–it will at least get you back around people and out and about and I think that could be good for you.”
“Yeah, he’s always like that,” Sal said with a quirk of his head as John stared after the strange customer who had just darted away.
“Until other arrangements are made, you will be escorted to and from work by an assigned driver and myself or a fellow colleague. We will pick you up each morning at 08:00 and return you each evening at 18:00. As I’ve been informed, your work days will be Tuesday thru Saturday.”
Sherlock refused to be bowed by him. “You pay better than the Yard,” he replied tersely, the coffee cup squeezed tight in his hand.
They sat in silence the entire ride back to his bedsit. When the cars stopped he didn’t get out, confused and waiting for either information or instruction. When it was obvious that her eyes were not leaving her phone, John coughed loudly.
“Case, John!” He exclaims with a smile, already pulling John’s coat off the rack and preparing to toss it to him, completely oblivious to the changes in the flat. John is on his heels within the minute.
Sherlock stalks over to grab his beverage, eyes on John. As he reaches to take the outstretched cup from Sal’s hands his eyes dart up and move rapidly between Sal and Ducky. A smirk spreads across his lips.
John, like any good British male, knew how to make a perfect cup of tea with his personal kettle. But, he soon learned that tea and coffee from a Starbucks were a whole different level of beverages. Overwhelmed was an understatement after his first day. His trainers made slight accommodations for his limp (his cane not feasible behind the counter with all the gadgets), but it was still awkward getting used to faltering around behind the counter. He’d been an experienced and highly trained military doctor and to suddenly be a trainee was hard to get used to.
“We have more in common than you like to believe. This petty feud between us is simply childish. People will suffer ... and you know how it always upset Mummy.”
And, like the majority of their cases together so far, it ended in both a chase and an arrest. Though this time there were two arrests. Sherlock had correctly deduced the killer was a father/son team hell-bent on retribution for the wife/mother they’d felt had abandoned them. They’d killed two similar women first before their actual target, attempting to hide it as a serial killer.
“Half the reason.” John said with a shrug as he brushed a tender kiss against Sherlock’s now exposed neck on his way to the kettle.
John sets himself down in his chair with his doctored tea. “Aren’t you coming in?” He asks with a smile. Sherlock makes a slightly distracted sound but he can hear him shuffling his papers into a pile. There hadn’t been much to John’s small stash of gifts under their small tree; he’d picked out small things for Lestrade and Mrs. H as well as presents to take tomorrow for Sherlock’s parents, Mycroft, and Anthea. He’d purposely kept Sherlock’s at work once it was ready and, thanks to the last minute case, had been able to sneak it in yesterday without any notice or suspicion at all. He can tell the moment Sherlock notices it though, his steps slow and his mug shakes slightly.
Sherlock had stormed out, coat flapping behind him. He’d wanted to hate Mycroft for pointing it out, for making him feel aware and belittled by it. Sherlock knew it was true though. The SIS did, of course, pay better than the Yard, which rarely paid him for his consults. But it wasn’t the only reason Sherlock had taken to skulking around SIS and taking all the cases Major Smith had thrown his way with near abandon. The data gathering he was doing on the ex-military doctor turned barista was, not that he would admit it to others, playing a large part in his decision to over-frequent the building. Sherlock was always obsessive and meticulous, often to a fault, in his data gathering and he was allowing no differences in this instance.  He rarely felt interest in or an understanding of basic human interactions; oh, he could, were he to put forth the effort, but the atrophy it made seep into his brain was a factor that made him avoid it at all cost. The fact that another person was causing this much cessation of routine—this much interest—was an enigma Sherlock couldn’t ignore.
John stared around in confusion unable to process immediately what was going on, save the giant arrow still pointed towards him, or who this woman was.
And after just a day of research, both Sherlock and John are deeply entrenched in this case, chasing down signs, symbols, and people all over the city. Despite working three shifts during that next week, John still managed to accompany Sherlock on a hunt for artifacts and clues, through Chinatown, at the museum, and to the train yard. Overall they are almost too busy to notice the tension still between them. Almost.
“You misunderstand me.” Sherlock said plainly, before pulling himself up and heading towards the back of the building and an innocuous car that had just pulled up.
Sherlock spends almost twenty minutes at the scene—the jewelry store that was the third location. He is meticulous in a way that, though not unusual, seems a bit off to John. It takes him a moment to realize it is the quietness; not just Sally it seems is on their best behavior tonight. After that it is three days of chasing leads, both figuratively and literally. The odd connections between the robberies—each house had a poinsettia from the same florist, each family had a daughter between the ages of 5 and 7—are examined and investigated from every angle.
“Ugh, Mycroft,” he exhales as he tosses the phone across the room onto the sofa. It rings twice more as it sits on the cushions. John is pulling his out of his picket before it even begins to ring, knowing the drill by now.
alcohol though so be careful,” he adds with a laugh.
“Good. I’m sure I can shock Mycroft into sending a car just by telling him that I am willingly attending. He usually has to drag me,” he tacks on with a smirk.
Two days passed before John saw Sherlock again. He was always conveniently out or hidden in his room anytime John was home. John had worked short shifts on the next two days after his first day, filling in for the morning and afternoon of two other doctors. He was half glad for it as it filled his time nicely and helped him avoid tension. Still, he felt he and Sherlock needed to talk. It was a bit difficult to do that when the man had all but disappeared. John texted him regularly, at least twice a day, to confirm he was alive and not trapped in some perilous situation. Sherlock had ignored his first two texts until John had finally begged him to let him know he was fine. And even then his reply had been short and terse. ‘Fine. Working. SH’ his text had read. After that they’d shortened to simply, ‘Alive. SH’
Mycroft barely held back his pained look, but Sherlock was startled as one man broke into short chuckles. His eyes zeroed in.
Sarah took him for a quick lunch at the sandwich shop across the street. She tried a few times to flirt and John, while flattered, was unsure how to respond. The mess he’d gotten himself into with Sherlock had confused him. He wasn’t sure dating his boss was the best idea either–could make for an awkward work environment if things turned sour. And John figured they would, if his history was any indication. It flattered him still though, so he smiled back a few times and tried to stay neutral.
“Actually would we be able to swing by somewhere first?” John asked with a hint of adventure and excitement in his eyes.
Sherlock barely contains his excitement, twirls around to grab his files in a half celebratory, half efficient pirouette.
Sherlock is hooked, addicted; and he knows addiction well. He thinks it is probably obvious, to anyone who knows him at least. Lestrade has asked him twice what’s been keeping him so busy; a look on his face that is part morbid curiosity and part terror. And Mycroft has been full of jabs and insinuations.
“The proximity of the two buildings was too coincidental. The universe is rarely so lazy.”
It was now or never, and by the following evening, John couldn’t take it anymore. The newest case had just been solved and their heated snog and tumble had been almost two days ago.
He was a little early, but he was nervous so he let it be–better than working himself into a sweat at the flat. The suit Sherlock had sent for him fit him perfectly, tailored in all the right places and a brown color John didn’t think he would have ever picked out for himself but that complimented his coloring nicely, and John was pretty sure he’d never looked so good in his life. He attempted to look and feel like he fit in as he climbed from the cab and approached the door, but it was hard. The maître d’ had greeted him personally by name and John briefly, insanely, wondered if Sherlock had sent a picture along with the reservation.
or cause a scene if their drinks weren’t exact and therefore how to ensure that they were.
“Sherlock,” Mycroft returned the greeting just as calmly as he looked around. “A vast improvement. I quite like the couch in particular,” he said with a slight smirk. He dropped a folder on Sherlock’s chest as he ambled slowly and deliberately around the living room before sliding gingerly into one of the chairs.
John grins. He’d always liked Sal, forgotten how well they’d gotten on. “Not quite, but close enough.”
“Like I’m turning down caffeine after having to deal with Mycroft,” John replied with a snort and reached for the cup with a J on it. The silence settled between them habitually, days of riding to and from the SIS coming back to both of their memories.
At his last word, Sherlock turned towards him and stopped on the stair right above him. It made John even more aware of their height difference. The way Sherlock was looking at him was intoxicating and riveting and suddenly whatever it was between them could no longer be denied. John stared up at him from his spot on the step; he was almost two heads taller than him now but the distance seemed to be closing. John started to say something, anything, but stopped, not sure where to even begin. It broke the spell though and Sherlock cleared his throat.
The week passed in a blur though as he slowly began to get the hang of the different pieces and parts of the job and equipment. London was apparently more caffeine deprived than he realized as the steams of people never seemed to fully lessen throughout the day. Most people were also quite pleasant. This shop had regulars and the baristas often chatted with them and knew some by name and even more by their drink. It was almost like a neighborhood and John could see why Ella would recommend a job where he interacted so frequently with such normal, everyday kind of people. John had even felt better enough to attempt to chat up a female customer. It didn’t amount to anything, but he felt more like his old self than he had since before he’d been shot.
And John...well John had his own fair share of issues. Experience may not be an area where he was lacking, he didn’t get his nicknames for nothing, but he’d never been serious about a man, and hadn’t had what anyone would classify a ‘normal’ relationship since before he’d gone into the army. Between the two of them they were a mass of failures and confusion. He supposed maybe they were just an explosion waiting to happen.
“No way. Dish!” Sal exclaims as he and Ducky both crowd towards the counter.
John sleeps until eight, a feat which surprises him, despite the late night. Sherlock is gone when he wakes, bed cold next to him, despite the sun shining onto it. That part doesn’t surprise him. He heads down to make breakfast, to force some food on Sherlock, and whistles as he goes.
“Hello, nice day we’re having, isn’t it? What can I get for you?”
Once he did show, he slipped in, avoiding Mycroft’s usual viewing spots, and was buried in papers at his desk, tacking things to the wall, and generally making a mess as he was wont to do. He was just about to head out when Major Smith knocked on his door a few hours later.
“You find it more or less distasteful than
“Is he even supposed to have his phone in here?” John asked Sal in a side whisper as he watched the man in the long coat practically glide away, clutching his phone in one hand and his drink in the other.
Sherlock nodded. He could use a bit of caffeine, he wasn’t sure he’d slept last night, and the pseudo calories as well perhaps, if he’d be off on a chase later today like he was hoping.
They started off like that, then; casually. It wasn’t until they’d ordered and settled in that Sherlock started to look nervous suddenly; there was a little tick to his eyes and he has his phone out on the table next to his hand instead of tucked away where it had been. Nevertheless, he had been making small talk while they’d drank their wine and John thought it was wonderful. He could and would stare at his mouth and hands as he talked all day long, enthralled. Suddenly Sherlock trailed off as he glanced at the newest message on his phone and leaned in close across the table.
Sherlock had somehow taken out two of the men gathered there before the woman pulled out a gun. Sherlock's knowledge of physics and trajectories began stumbling out of his mouth as he endeavored to talk her down. His voice was coming from here and then there and John could only continue to struggle and hope that Sherlock had a plan that was slightly better than his, which was panic and thrash around in about 45 seconds.
“Mmm, yes.”
‘This is our last chance to get him, Sherlock. Please.’
“Okay,” John responded feebly, but he was already talking to empty air as Sherlock had so quickly spun around and huffed out the door.
“I did get you something. Were you not expecting reciprocation?”
“New look?” Sherlock mouths to himself, obviously trying to figure out what it is he’s missed and how. He turns into the kitchen and stares for a moment. John barely holds back his smile as Sherlock’s eyes dart around before he finally, hesitantly opens the fridge. John’s not only scrubbed the entire thing, but he’s clearly put all the old, and some new, experiments and body parts into neatly labeled containers that are on also neatly labeled shelves marked ‘Sherlock’. There is food on the other shelves, including a fresh baked pie.
“Body. I need your expertise.”
And Sherlock’s bloody lucky John thinks so fast on his feet. He’d seized the second wine bottle, still full, just before Sherlock had upset the table and his aim was perfect, even if his timing wasn’t. The chef fired the gun milliseconds before the bottle impacted with his head. John managed to startle him enough to throw off his aim, but John still threw himself down to Sherlock the second he was done.
The weather, cold and dreary, was helping little to put him further into the mood for Christmas this year, and the flat was in no better shape. There wasn’t a present or decoration in sight. Thankfully, Mrs. Hudson, as it turned out, had a few spare decorations stored down in apartment C that she offered to John one day on the stairs.
“Details.” he bites out. “I assume it’s to do with Lisbon, as well as Cardiff and Dresden.” Major Smith looks pleased while Mycroft simply looks exasperated, but John has grown used to that as his near-permanent expression around Sherlock. John has no idea about anything involving those three cities, let alone when or how Sherlock acquired any information.
Major Smith comes out of seemingly nowhere and approaches them just as they start towards the counter and Sherlock veers his course, already off on a tangent about the case details before the Major is even within proper hearing distance.
He was retelling one of his more exciting past cases, embellishing only slightly with impressive tidbits, trying to hook John and draw him in, when it happened. It probably shouldn’t have taken him by surprise, but as John reached for his glass, Sherlock was going to steal a spring roll at the same time and their hands collided lightly and their eyes met. It wasn’t the romantic brush of hands often pictured in movies, but it struck Sherlock with the same little electric awareness. He was not necessarily a stranger to sexual attraction; he’d done the whole experimentation thing before, during, and after both college and his descent into drugs. But as he’d honed and perfected his mind and deduction skills, the needs had been filed away and brushed aside. He couldn’t deny however what John brought out in him—but in his deduction skills and in his mind and body. It’d been there since the first time Sherlock had noticed him. Shy smiles were exchanged over the last of their meals and Sherlock began to plot.
“New case?” John asked as he slipped on his shoes and grabbed his keys and wallet.
“The plane is slated to leave in thirty minutes. The pilot has instructions to take you to a secure landing just outside of Monaco and wait. An agent will meet you there and take you to the scene. Depending on what you find there, and Mycroft is trusting you on this one Sherlock,” she adds sharply, “the pilot has permission to take you to Lisbon, Dresden, and Cardiff. However, with utmost care and discretion. They already know we’re looking into it, but the less we can advertise, the better for you two to work, and for the safety of all of our remaining agents.”
“You do realize that ignoring him is just going to make him show up here,” John tries, a last ditch effort to reason with
“It sounds quite trite, Dr. Watson, but the SIS building has a Starbucks that is looking for a reliable, personable, and trusting barista. And you fit the bill perfectly.”
Not-Anthea-today finally puts down her phone and looks sharply between John and Sherlock just as the car pulls away from the kerb. She clears her throat.
The case wasn’t quite as interesting as their first together, but it involved smuggling and a chase around one of the seedier business districts in the city. Sherlock, pacing and muttering, had his epiphany moment inside the warehouse and he’d sprinted out the back entrance, John hot on his heels. They caught the suspect as he was attempting to escape under a chain link fence and tackled him to the ground, threats abounding. John’s limp really was just a distant memory at this point; and he couldn’t be happier about it.
John pauses but Sherlock simply brushes past him and into the office where both Mycroft and, presumably, Major Smith wait for them. Both Major Smith and John salute each other as introductions are done, despite John not being in uniform.
‘If inconvenient, come anyway. SH’
“What did the bet really involve?” His eyebrow is raised as he inspects Sal.
“Oh, god, John. You aren’t going to start on about the birth of a fictional Christ figure or possibly questionable antics of a rotund old man now, are you?”
“I think you are the only one in this building who holds that opinion, possibly in the entire Commonwealth” Sherlock added with a pointed glance around the room.
The sun may have been shining outside, but inside, Sherlock Holmes was a veritable tornado storming through the corridors of the SIS building on the way to his brother’s office. Sherlock may not have officially been MI6, but having been given clearance to rival any agent years back, it was not unusual for him to storm into the building intent on crossing paths with one Mycroft Holmes. He even technically held an office, as a sometimes consultant, should he have need of it, but was rarely inside of it, especially during ‘normal’ business hours. It was still a cluttered mess of research, paraphernalia, and data however. Sherlock had worked twelve or so cases for MI6 in the last 3 years, and every time refused their offer for a full time position. Most of the directors were pleased by that turn of events, as few could stand to work with Sherlock outside of the few day or week long stints they’d each been subjected to for the cases. He’d proved his worth each time though, to the grudging acceptance of Mycroft’s underlings.
“Connections, John. We need connections.” He takes a gulp of his coffee, making a small face as he swallows the hot liquid quickly, before shuffling folders and papers dramatically on the desk.
Well not anymore. He’d invaded Afghanistan, for Christ’s sake. And moved in with Sherlock Holmes. He wasn’t sure anything could stop him anymore.
John blushes at the blatant innuendo as silence descends upon the quartet.
Placing his folder on the table, John spoke, “Thank you. I think. What’s wrong with my hand?”
Anthea is holding the car door open, fingers flying over the keys of her phone quickly, despite the darkening sky, obviously impatient for them to climb in. How she can appear at once both completely blasé and over important is just one of her many mysteries to John.
Anthea is waiting in the backset of the car at the kerb when John and Sherlock climb in.
John flips her off but smiles as he pays.
“We’ll take your case,” Sherlock announced as he herded the man up and towards the door. John starred in shock, first at the blatant use of ‘we’, and secondly at the agreement to assist this man with what, to John, appeared to be a frankly ridiculous story and a waste of time.
“Yes. John.”
“I misunderstood the situation and incorrectly deduced you. We both seem to be a bit confused actually. End of story.” He bit out.
And so, later that afternoon, once Sherlock has disappeared for some thing or another, and John has busied himself as much as possible, he fetches a box from Mrs. H. filled with fairy lights, mistletoe, cranberry garlands, and miscellaneous decorations. There’s a small tree as well, just a table-sized one, but John places it on the coffee table and strings fairy lights and garlands around it. He doesn’t even want to think of attempting to make room for a full sized evergreen so is thankful for its size. And then there are still enough leftover lights that he covers the mantle as well. After he has hung the decorations and unearths his box of jumpers, John is at a loss. Just as he is contemplating making tea, Sherlock bursts through the door of the flat.
“Sherlock, you don’t have a shirt or shoes on, and I’m still in my boxers.”
“The connection’s at the offices,” John states.
“Right,” she began, still typing away. “We’ll be back here at 08:00 tomorrow to pick you up. Prepare yourself. Your first week’s wages will be in your account Friday morning. If you make it until next Friday there will be a bonus as well. Sleep well, Dr. Watson, you’ll need it,” she said crisply as she looked up at him and almost smiled. John nodded at her and climbed out, trying to decide if tomorrow would be more or less daunting than Afghanistan.
John’s eyebrows rose slightly at the word ‘colleague’, but Sherlock ignored him. Mr. Wilson had stood and extended his hand towards John. Reaching out to grab it, John was overwhelmed once again by the color of his hair.
John sighed internally, but nodded sharply and followed Mycroft to a small room down the hall.
“Mr. Wilson stated he worked for ‘The Red-Headed League’ from nine to twelve every day. We’ll meet here tomorrow at nine thirty. I’d better text Lestrade.”
John thought about hissing back angrily, he really did. But he figured there was no point in it. A moment of panic passed though and it turned out he couldn’t quite let it go.
Thank you again to all those who've read and reviewed. We're approaching the end, though not there yet. :) Please continue to read and hopefully enjoy.
John glanced sideways at Sherlock. “Just doing a little side work,” he says with a grin.
“Grande Cinnamon Dolce latte with caramel and 4 shots,” Sherlock relayed when it was his turn, laying down notes without breaking in his conversation.
The small beep from his phone pulled his attention out of his head slightly. Lestrade, another ‘of course’ in Sherlock’s life. He probably still couldn’t figure out the solution, even with the two separate clues he’d given him.
“Bastard,” John breathes out quietly, straightening himself up.
Adrenaline was high between them again as they took a cab back to Baker Street. It reminded John of their last case together, and he wondered if this would be the tipping point yet again, if they would cement some weird pattern between them. There’d been relatively few physical interactions between the two, and John couldn’t decide where they stood or how he felt about it all. The air seemed to spark when they were in too close of proximity to each other though, and John’s mind often drifted to those kisses they’d exchanged, of the words Sherlock had whispered, half in promise and half in threat.
“I could only hope so,” Sherlock says, surprisingly subdued, before tugging him softly into the bedroom and onto the bed.
They’d only been part way through their salads, but all the way through the bottle of wine, when said sous chef had realized Sherlock Holmes was in his restaurant.
“Ah, John. Good of you to come back from work.”
“Please excuse all the secrecy. This is a fairly delicate position. One, I must add, you came recommended for, and, based on your credentials and the current state of your left hand, seems a good fit. We’ll do a few cursory questions, but I generally feel I’m a good judge of character.”
John and Sherlock had been about to slip out when Lestrade caught sight of them. One look and John knew that wasn’t happening.
Five minutes later, their teeth are cleaned and John is sliding between the sheets, Sherlock already curled up in the space next to him. Sherlock on a case is often an unknown entity, and John is cautious about initiating anything, lest it set him off. He needn’t worry tonight as a surprisingly warm hand snakes around John almost the second he settles in. Sherlock is relaxed and pliant, thoughts just fuzzy enough from being awake so long, but not descended into madness over solving the case quite yet.
John stares at his profile for a minute, willing him to turn. He doesn’t.
“If that’s what you want to call it. Actually, I require your assistance tonight.”
The man cocked his head, a small moue of confusion writ on his forehead. His face cleared a moment later then, blank as it often was. He leaned in close to John, closer than was socially acceptable.
The voice inside his head sounded suspiciously like his sister Harry as it chastised and belittled him for his thoughts and situation. He was, unfortunately, far too familiar with Harry and her mocking capabilities, and the voice sounded far too real. The evening passed as John switched between typing loudly and contrarily on his laptop, to cleaning randomly, to turning on and off the telly, to simply pacing. He finally forced himself to go upstairs to bed, knowing he had his first early morning in a while the next day. One last look was thrown at Sherlock’s door as he made his slow retreat.
The next few weeks passed and John saw the man four more times. Each time the situation seemed to escalate in strangeness until John could no longer conceal his interest, could no longer hold back his curiosity.
Chapter 6
Typically, John liked to lose himself in the holidays, swept up into good cheer, festive jumpers, and presents. It’d always been a time when he could ignore the bad things happening around him and simply partake in the joy. Sherlock was the antithesis to all of that however, and that made John slightly wary. John wondered if Sherlock would be okay having a party in the flat. John wondered if Sherlock would leave to spend time with his family for the holiday. John wondered if they should exchange gifts. John wondered if he should invite Harry over. John spent a lot of time wondering these days.
“That’s me, I suppose.”
“I find you are not taking your duties as seriously as you should,” Mycroft added on, stretching himself taller.
“Anthea. Fancy seeing you here,” he says with a smile as he throws their bag in the trunk, much to the tutting of the driver. Her eyes don’t leave the phone, but he swears he sees a small smirk.
“Jesus, John. Where the hell’d you get that thing and what are you doing bringing it where you know there’ll be police? I can’t turn a blind eye every time the two of you get up to something you shouldn’t.”
“Give it back, Mycroft,” Sherlock sneered as he waltzed in.
“Hello, John.” She looked down at the CV he’d handed her.
The case itself, a break-in where nothing was stolen and the entry route was a complete mystery, has John confused but Sherlock practically humming in glee. The yellow characters spray painted on the wall meant nothing to John, but Sherlock had all but danced around as he dug for information on the trading floor and his phone simultaneously. Once more before having left, John was surprised, this time by the check Sebastian handed him that Sherlock all of ignored. John wasn’t about to turn it down though, not with that many digits on it and all of the awkwardness between them that had stemmed from his decision to get a job.
Still only lukewarm after he’d heated it, he drank the latte quickly. Caramel, his favorite. He sighed and let his mind wander for a few minutes. Feeling bad about the situation would not make it better however so he stood up and paced around, feeling adrift. It wasn’t even gone tea time yet and he wasn’t sure whether he wanted to get away from the flat and hide or park himself outside of Sherlock’s bedroom door and wait for it to open. Having decided on that latter, he plopped himself down on a chair and stared at the door, figured he’d give him an hour tops to flounce back out.
“So you see no reason to celebrate and be happy this year?” John asks with a half smile. Sherlock’s lips turn up, very slightly, but he pointedly turns towards the window and stares out of the cab, not meeting John’s eyes. John still calls it a victory.
John’s eyes dart from Sherlock to the pair behind the counter.
John nodded. “Okay. But you have to text Lestrade, okay?” Sherlock looked like he was going to argue, or pout, but in the end he nodded. As John returned back down the stairs Sherlock was just returning his phone to his pocket. John raised a questioning eyebrow and Sherlock nodded grudgingly.
Then, the first hour of the afternoon was spent watching Sal and Ducky, a female barista, work. They had an easy camaraderie between them and greeted each customer efficiently and friendly. If John had been impressed by the near constant line at the other shop, this one held no comparison. He’d not even been aware this many people were employed by the SIS, yet alone could drink this much coffee throughout one day. The line literally never disappeared.
“Well I just want you to know we’re all very happy that you’re here. We’re happy enough for you and Sherlock in general, everyone knows we weren’t sure he’d ever find someone who would put up with him, bless his odd little heart. But we’re even more tickled that you came up with him. Not always easy to walk into the lion’s den, eh?”
Thank you everyone for sticking with me (and probably having to re-read the first 5 chapters). I honestly hadn’t realized it had been so long since I updated. Life kind of attacked me (full time single parent, full time job, full time back to school, plus, life in general) and this story was in the back of my mind the whole time, but I just kept putting it off. It is finally here though. I’m not sure this is the end of this series completely, but this part at least has come to its conclusion.
“Invalided home, correct? Shoulder?” The man questioned as John reached out with the cup. His hand shook slightly as he registered the words.
They’re walking in circles, or very large ovals, at least as far as John can tell two hours later. And Sherlock has moved past his usual eccentricities into completely new territory.
“We’d love that, Mrs. H.,” John responds, just as Sherlock had opened his mouth with his own retort. John elbows him. “I don’t have any, got rid of them all when I joined the army, and quite sure Sherlock here has never considered them.” The look on Sherlock’s face affirms John‘s statement, takes it a step further even as to why he would ever consider them. That he doesn’t rattle that off to Mrs. Hudson is practically a Christmas miracle unto itself. Or possibly the gentle reminder of John’s elbow against his sternum, one could never quite tell with Sherlock.
John was still cane less—a feat that was making him feel more and more acclimated and upbeat each day. He made his way towards the tube and to the Baker St exit with an efficiency he’d thought he might never find again. After a brief knock, the landlady, Mrs. Hudson, let him in. He made his way quickly up the stairs, more excited about what lay ahead than he’d realized. He knocked gently on the half open door and poked his head in as he started to enter.
Sal only shrugs, a small smile playing at his lips. Ducky breaks out into a wicked smile and sends a lewd wink at John. She laughs as Sherlock again eyes the strange arrangement of poorly done hand-drawn pictures on his cup: a cane, a coffee cup, and a wink emoticon.
“You really aren’t supposed to know that, Detective Inspector,” he said as he reached over the counter to grab the cup that was being slid his way.
“Let’s just forget him and head home,” John replies with a yawn.
Sal’s eyes widen and his smile grows as he takes in Sherlock. “Tall, dark, and crazy?!” he asks with a wink towards John.
“Now you can make me that peppermint latte,” Sherlock says with a smile and John laughs in return.
“What?” John replied incredulously. “Pretty sure our relationship is going just fine, unless you have a complaint I’m not aware of.”
“Come along, John,” she said when he didn’t immediately follow her.
“Mr. Wilson here was just telling me about his rather mundane life and existence prior to a somewhat fascinating diversion in the form of a new employee and a fairly dubious offer of extra employment that he has been taking, despite the popular euphemism of being ‘too good to be true’.”
They hailed a cab outside of 221B and Sherlock spewed off an address to an area of London John recognized only for its extravagance, he’d certainly never ventured there. Lestrade was standing out front of a posh town home when the cab stopped and both Sherlock and John strode up to him.
John almost tore the card up twice over the next few days, but every time, something made him simply set it back down on the small, empty desk. ‘Thursday at 15:00’ it taunted him. It gave him something to look forward to, if nothing else, he supposed. His gun sat in the drawer just below where he placed the card, a stark parallel of remembrance. He did need a job soon. Army pensions were enough to survive on, but only barely, and not even barely in London. And he’d have to move out of the bedsit eventually. He wouldn’t be able to afford anywhere else in London without some other kind of income. And he didn’t think he could survive anywhere but London.
He’d left Sherlock just before noon, stretched out on the couch in his thinking pose. He worked his five hours at the surgery and came home; left and brought back Chinese. Which Sherlock ignored right along with him. He’d gone out for a beer and come back, still no response. It is after midnight now, and John isn’t sure if Sherlock slept yesterday or not.
“What did you put on Sherlock’s?” John asks with a sigh, picking them both up and eyeing them.
A small smile tugged at the corners of Anthea’s mouth. “I’m just giving you a ride.”
“Dinner?” Sherlock suddenly asked, despite the late hour.
Sherlock stared at him from his almost upside down position on the couch, “Brother.” He said calmly as his mind worked to name the five closest shops that sold cigarettes.
They enter through a back door entrance John hadn’t known existed (“Honestly, John. Did you really expect all of the agents to walk in through the front door or the service entrance?” Sherlock had all but sneered at him) and navigate a complex hallway system before ending outside an office door.
John looked up at him and smiled challengingly. “I know.” He said simply.
“Good job, John,” Sherlock chirped, almost proudly, before starting on a long-winded explanation to Lestrade as to why this murder was actually more important than the previous, yet similar, ones and why that, therefore, meant this was the true intended victim the entire time. John lost him about four minutes, and two exclamations of ‘amazing’, in, but still watched it unfold. John wondered what it said about him that he could envision standing next to this man for years listening to him spout his work. In their current situation he didn’t want to analyze it too closely.
The car pulls onto Baker Street just as Sherlock is glancing out the window for the fifth time. John has just barely had time to pack a bag, relieve himself, and grab his gun. Mycroft, or Anthea more likely, is efficient if nothing else. And John really doesn’t like to think of the everything else.
“It barely even grazed me, John. It’s fine. Really.” Sherlock attempted to reassure John as he staggered to a stand. The amount of weight which he settled on John’s frame did little to assuage his worry though.
He knocked. “Sherlock? I got dinner.” Still no response came. John sighed and trudged back to the couch. He ate in silence, not even having bothered to turn on the telly. It had been weeks since he’d felt lonely, not since before he’d moved into Baker Street, if not since he’d met Sherlock, and the sudden feeling overwhelmed him.
John goes to hand him his drink, trying to brave himself to look up and meet the full force of the man’s gaze.
Standing on the edge of Waterloo Bridge staring out over the Thames, with one last sigh, Sherlock looked around at the city that he loved before hailing a taxi and heading home.
“I’m going to go down and get some food from Speedy’s–want anything?” As expected, Sherlock shook his head, so John headed out quickly. They’d missed lunch and it had been hours since the toast John had eaten only half of on the couch this morning before being interrupted.
“Afghanistan or Iraq?” he simply asked again.
We haven’t quite seen the last of this universe, so be ready for more (hopefully soon!).
“I hope this wasn’t too odd for you, we always eat about this time. The husband and I always go into town for the Christmas Panto they hold this evening, so we like to be done in time to make an event out of it.”
Money was steady and they were both busier than not. John typed up two more blog posts and marveled over the increased traffic to the site. Sherlock had scoffed at him until he saw the numbers and proceeded to pout over them. His blog had never attracted that much attention, despite its obviously higher quality content. John forced himself to put his thoughts and feelings on the back burner, resolved to let him and Sherlock settle into themselves a bit more, to iron out their friendship before he would push the issue. Because, he figured, that would probably be the best and easiest way.
“You do hire idiots,” he states before pivoting sharply and heading the office door. He hears both Mycroft and Major Smith following behind him, but pays them no mind as he heads off to find John.
A drugs bust, a hectic cab ride, and a barely saved life later, John attempted to reign in his giggles as he and Sherlock walked. It was, after all, a crime scene, he pointed out. That seemed to only make Sherlock laugh just a bit more. And it probably said something terrible about him, but this was the most alive John had felt since being back from the war. The smile on his face wasn’t forced and his leg felt better than it had in weeks.
“Which color is angrier–blue or green?” He asks John after 30 minutes of silence.
John listened to the man prattle on about just those things for a few more minutes before Sherlock suddenly jumped up.
“Will they be romanticized novelizations?” He asked as he sat up and eyed John speculatively.
Then, “Does the British Army secure POWs by both thigh and ankle?”
“A job, John,” she replied in that same maddeningly steady voice she always seemed to use. “I think it will help you, help regain some stability and routine in your life.”
Alarmed at how it had got there, it was with caution and weariness that he approached. There was a small card propped up beside it with the words ‘Uniform enclosed’ handwritten on it. John was still a bit leery of it and poked it a few times for good measure before opening it up. Inside were two sets of clothing, each consisting of black trousers and a black shirt. They looked nearly identical to the one he’d been given just a week ago until John shook them both out. The differences were small but quickly identifiable, especially to someone with military history such as himself. Extra pockets in both the trousers and the shirt that were concealed well within the fabric and a slightly sturdier make. And on the shirt, where he’d pinned his nametag previously, the word ‘Doc’ was stitched in white lettering. John wasn’t sure whether to laugh or feel a bit degraded, so simply removed his old clothes and folded them onto his bed and put the new ones on. They fit better than the previous ones, as if they’d been tailored to his dimensions as opposed to factory produced. John thought of the man he’d interviewed with (if one could call it that) and suddenly the thought didn’t seem quite so farfetched.
Minutes later, John’s mobile vibrated softly as Mycroft continued on his spiel. John had long since stopped listening. He pulled the phone out blatantly and looked at it, a small smile playing on his lips as he read the text.
“Not a thing,” the man replied with a small smirk. “Your service records were impressive, impeccable one might say. The job you would be working would require security level clearance not too far above what you’d previously been granted and an understanding of why secrecy can be necessary. As well as the ability to be around people.”
Major Smith salutes to John, who returns the action out of habit, and pivots away, heading back towards his office.
It is an hour almost in the car. Roomy at least, though that still doesn’t make up for the fact that he is riding in the back with both Sherlock and Mycroft. They’d chosen opposite rows and John had shifted in next to Sherlock and across from Mycroft. Anthea, ubiquitous as always, is in the front next to the driver. Neither Sherlock nor Mycroft have exchanged a single word, and John had given up his attempts after a tense few minutes in which he’d received several pointed glances from each brother. Anthea had Starbucks cups in hand when she’d arrived though, so John is at least caffeinated enough to be putting up with it all.
The moment his bedroom door had slammed behind him last night he’d stalked over to his small, personal desk and had begun to organize. Papers, experiments, pens; anything he could find was meticulously dealt with. Sherlock didn’t like cleaning, but his mind needed something to do and there was little else in this small enclosure.  He attended to them with a force and vigor that would have surprised anyone. But he refused to deal with anything else, shutting it up and locking it away in the recesses of his mind palace. His brain was still aware of the noises in the flat, and he tracked John as he sat outside his room, left, and came back. He heard him call about dinner, but ignored him. Some might have called it a sulk, but Sherlock preferred to see it as a tactical retreat.
John shook his head with a smile, amazed at all that had happened in the last handful of hours.
“This whole evening has been the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done.”
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
They didn’t tell anyone about the shift, didn’t proclaim it to the world, but all those closest to them noticed with a small smile. It was in the slight relaxing of Sherlock’s shoulders, normally held so rigid, and in the slight turn of John’s stance, as if he could never quite turn away from Sherlock. But, mostly, it was in the undeniable and undefinable energy that existed between the two—the constant awareness of each other and the small protections and smiles they gave each other. Lestrade once called it happiness, but John thought it went beyond that. He and Sherlock had found themselves in each other, and there was no going back from that.
Well, thank you all for taking this journey with me. This was my first Sherlock fic and I hope you enjoyed it. Comments are appreciated, especially constructive or encouraging ones!
“Lestrade is the Detective Inspector I work with at The Yard every so often. He’ll want to be here; wouldn’t want to miss out on his chance to arrest the notorious John Clay. And you’ll want to be here, and maybe bring that gun of yours no one is supposed to know about.”
John laughs. “I’m not sure whether to be insulted or not.”
“Not quite a captain anymore, sir. Doctor will do most days,” John replies politely but with a smile that belies his words.
Sherlock’s aghast look turned quickly mutinous at the mention of his Stradivarius. He squared his shoulders and turned abruptly from the room and marched out.
A small chuckle came from the man, “Only if you screw up certain people’s beverages,” he said with a smile. He straightened completely after that and any trace of lightness left his face. “I do thank you, Dr. Watson. Anthea will take you home and relay pertinent details to you on the way.”
“I’m not even going to ask how you know about any of those, most especially Dresden,” Mycroft bites out as he waves a hand at Anthea, who steps forward with a stack of file folders. “But if I find you’ve been mucking about with clearance outside of this building, they’ll be an inquiry; I’ll make sure of it.” Sherlock’s smile just widens as he swipes the folders out of Anthea’s hand and spins towards the door, coat flapping behind him.
Cleaned up and ready to go he took the tube to the station closest the address she’d given him. It’s a small little clinic, basic and homey. He gave his name at the desk and they led him to a small back office.
“I think we would have met somehow, even if under slightly different circumstances.”
The sergeant at the scene had been less than helpful when John had asked after a cab, so he slowly made his way out to the main road. Less than a minute later he heard the sound of a slowing engine as it pulled up next to him. The back door of a ubiquitous black sedan opened and Anthea stepped out.
“Sherlock? I’m going to head up to bed, you coming?” He tries the casual approach first. Sherlock grunts in response, remaining as-is, standing still in front of his working wall, now covered in pinned up pictures and case files relating to the murders.
pathetic, the pair of them, dancing around this for so very long. That was twice now they’d snogged each other senseless and they’d still had yet to have a real conversation pertaining to it. John was turning it over in his head as he walked through the kitchen door and Sherlock’s sudden appearance and voice startled him.
. It was creeping into the Christmas season. That thought, and the thought of the impending New Year, made John pause for a moment and sum up his life over the last few months. His life since meeting Sherlock. Some days it still amazed him how much had actually changed since that day he’d left his bedsit to meet Mycroft Holmes for an interview. There’d been a few ups and downs, but overall John wouldn’t trade it for the world. He’d been so lost, so alone, and Sherlock had fixed all of that. He owed him so much and John wanted to show him that.
John smirks. “That’s fine. I’ll just hop up and head back out into the—” he is cut off by Sherlock as he flips him over and back onto the bed.
John sighed, he seemed to be doing that a lot lately though, and climbed in as dexterously as possible while shuffling his cane and the file folder along beside him. The woman climbed in alongside him and the car started off. Tinted windows blocked any view of the outside and John wondered what he had wandered into. They rode in silence for a few minutes, and just as he was about to open his mouth to question the entire situation, the car began to slow down. The woman opened the door again and climbed out, gesturing John to follow suit. Exiting was more awkward than entering, but the woman seemed to pay him no mind.
John trudged slowly up the stairs, the shopping and two take away cups slowing his already measured pace even more. His odd meeting with Mycroft had wiped the energy out of him. They
It had been almost two weeks since John had moved into 221B. The move itself had been short and relatively uneventful. While he owned a bit more things than he had when he was first home, it still all fit nicely into only a handful of boxes and two suitcases and took only one trip in an Anthea-provided car to bring it from the bedsit to Baker Street. It had been rather anti-climactic all around.
“You get all settled in?” Lestrade asked just as Sherlock called for John. John shrugged slightly at Lestrade and walked over to the body and stooped down.
They took a cab back to Baker Street, Sherlock having told Lestrade he’d gotten all he could from the scene and needed to think.
Chapter 2
“Ta. Yeah, went to see about a job. It went well. Just locum work, but I start tomorrow.”
“Dr. Watson,” the smooth tones of Mycroft’s pervading voice greets John as soon as he’s accepted the call.
They’d dealt with the moving in together, the near constant togetherness, and the friendship. They’d come out on top, or so John felt. John could handle living with Sherlock—something he felt sure very few could claim. And that should have translated, he would have thought, easily into an aid for furthering their relationship. But they were both too settled, too set in their ways, and yes, too scared, to rock the boat.
Sherlock has given John a new lap desk for his laptop, for which he is grateful, he really uses that in his chair much too often, and a lab coat with his name stitched on it, with ‘Doc’ underneath it as well. John is overwhelmed by it. Not only the subtle hint to their meeting, but to him it represents Sherlock’s acceptance of his job and his need to stay in touch with that side of himself. He kisses him hard but briefly in thanks.
The corridor was lit and led to a small room that had two wooden desk chairs separated by a table. It reminded John oddly of an interrogation room and it did nothing to ease his heightened awareness.
Lestrade had even made it in time for the exciting conclusion and confession drawn from having the twenty-something son held at gunpoint by a furious John. The young man had swung a random piece of industrial wood at Sherlock, nearly rendering him unconscious. John had not been pleased. He figured the man should be lucky that Lestrade arrived when he did. The father may have confessed under duress while John held the gun, but only the combined efforts of Sherlock and Lestrade had convinced John to lower the weapon.
“Go ahead, open it.” He says with a smile.
“What are your thoughts?” Sherlock asked after a few minutes.
“That was amazing!” He exclaimed, chuckling. “How did you ever figure that out?”
“You smell like Mycroft,” Sherlock had sneered before seeing the cups and relenting slightly in his glare.
It is after the fourth time that John cannot help himself. “What are you?” John asked, not quite a whisper, not quite reverence, as he handed the always constant drink order to him. And the grammar of it seemed wrong, yet John didn’t know how else he would, could, have asked it.
“Ha. Anthea pointed it out, eh? She really is your weak point.” John had said teasingly.
“Statements tomorrow, Sherlock!” He yelled after them in an attempt to regain his authority. Both John and Sherlock had simply continued walking, a slight wave over the back of his shoulder the only indication Sherlock had heard him.
“You don’t even know what it is yet. I could have wrapped up a diseased liver for all you know.”
John threw his hands up in exasperation, coffee momentarily forgotten. Luckily it truly wasn’t hot anymore. He went to set it down on the table when he noticed a small package on it. It was wrapped in plain brown wrapping as if it had come that way and Sherlock had put a small sticky note on it with simply the word ‘John’ on it.
Chapter 4
“You’re nutters, the both of you,” John says with a laugh. “I need a Grande Cinnamon Dolce with caramel and four shots and I’ll try the same, but with only the normal two shots.”
“John here made the connection,” Sherlock drawls out slowly with a smirk, as if showing off a particularly well-bred pet. He taps his cup pointedly.
Chapter 9
“What you are failing to grasp, John, is that the bet actually was a bit more intimate between your Sal and Ducky here.”
“Seen a lot of injuries, then; violent deaths.”
“We’ve been seeing you a lot more around here, Sherlock, and I can’t help but wonder why?” Mycroft said it with a smirk on his face, as if he already knew the answer.
“Excuse me?” John replied, slightly stunned and more than a little confused. His stance had immediately stiffened though and he’d fallen into parade rest, almost as if threatened. The man’s lips quirked slightly at the edges.
“No, no, it couldn’t have been the brother, Lestrade, don’t be an idiot. There was clearly residue left behind on the victim, traced there by fingertips. Fingertips that were much too large to be from him. Add in the undeniable idiocy that man encompasses and there was no way he could have pulled this off. Did you see the way he made his bed? Not to mention the shoes on the victim. Even you had to have noticed that, Lestrade!” The man cried out in frustration as he made his way to the counter.
“You’ve solved it, huh?”
Thursday bled into Friday for John as he continued to slowly acclimate himself to his new schedule. He spent Friday shadowing Sal and Sparks, another barista that was part of their now eight person team. It was another long day—both weary and strangely satisfying. John had been afraid that seeing all the active agents might make him miss the military even more, but so far he’d only felt a vague sense of gratitude towards them and one of accomplishment towards himself.
“Fine. We’ll meet you there.” Sherlock announces with a pout.
“Yes. Well, your gift, if you decide you want it, is at the estate waiting for our arrival tomorrow.”
“Tell Sherlock there’s been another,” John’s eyebrows rise at this, eliciting Sherlock’s quick attention, “there’s a car headed your way even now.”
As he waited for his food, John thought of the enigmatic man he’d seen near the end of his shift. The tall, posh bloke that gulped his still scalding hot coffee as if he didn’t notice it and whom apparently talked to himself. Not to mention his drink order, cinnamon dolce with caramel and four shots was nothing if not memorable. He’d been brusque but not downright rude, hardly noticing him as he ordered, engrossed in a discussion with another man. Most of the customers were friendly and polite, if a bit distant. He supposed it came part and parcel with the environment. He ate in the shop, not ready to head back to being alone quite yet, and it was with a heavier stomach but a lighter gait that John headed back home after eating his whole plate of chicken curry, mango chutney, and naan.
“Haha,” Sherlock responds dryly but takes another quick sip to disguise his smile as he looks back to his work.
He cleared his throat. “Well, if you aren’t going to have me killed, could you drop me to 221B Baker Street?”
John makes a real breakfast in the morning, and Sherlock eats his with hardly a fuss. John can’t help but wonder if that is his Christmas present. On a whim John had bought a small bottle of peppermint liquor and he makes a batch of coffee to mix it in with after they’ve had some quiet time after their late breakfast, practically lunch really. He hands a distracted Sherlock a mug as he heads into the living room. He watches with a smile as Sherlock takes a rote drink and does a double take. Sherlock's lips wrap up in a small smile.
Dinner is at three and it looks to be a large affair. There is only to be the six of them, but Sherlock’s parents have cooked enough for twice that at least. The presents have all been put away and they are gathering around the table. Sherlock’s mother prattles on almost constantly and John can’t help but wonder how such an outgoing woman could have raised the boys that she did. She isn’t flighty or vapid—just keeps a steady stream of conversation going.
“The name’s Sherlock Holmes,” he responded with a wink, before once again leaving John in his wake.
“I’m sorry; what is this an interview for?” John finally broke in.
“If you can call four individuals ‘adults’ whom, in turn, court predilections for infantilism, alcoholism, chocolate HobNobs, torture, daytime telly, unicorns, and cross-dressing.”
Sherlock had claimed indifference on the food, scowling at John the entire time they were in the small restaurant, but he shovels bites from John’s pile as he wanders the living room reciting the facts out loud, rehashing it all for John.
They laze about the rest of the day and Sherlock complains only once about his boredom. John marches him back into the bedroom at that point and doesn’t let him out for another hour, once he’s worn off some more of his restlessness and sworn not to complain about boredom the rest of the evening. He was currently wrapped around John when he extracts the promise though, and Sherlock attempts to argue exhortation.
“Pretty famous, John? If he were merely ‘pretty famous’ then I would merely be intelligent. Hardly likely,” he says with a snort.
“Tea?” He asked as he turned swiftly and entered through the flat’s main door.
“Mycroft, how pleasant,” he responds, to Sherlock’s obvious glee.
John was sitting at the desk in his small office at the clinic, thumbing a text response to Sherlock as he ate a quick lunch between patients (leftover Thai appetizers and crisps—not his healthiest choice ever he’d admit). The date on his phone caught his eye for the second time that day—December 1
Chapter 1
Sherlock seems to have a plan, if the sudden decision to take a walk and the determined way in which he turns left out of the front door have anything to say about it. John has tucked his gun into the waistband of his pants, unsure of what is going on as usual.
“Jesus!” John had exclaimed, glancing around furtively. He was pretty sure he was not supposed to see whatever that was, despite whatever meager security clearance he’d been granted.
On Tuesday, Mycroft cornered John while he was on break and heading from the restroom to the small lunch area where the baristas would sit on their breaks. John was tired. He’d overslept this morning—for someone who claimed to need little sleep, Sherlock sure didn’t like to wake up in the mornings.
John did a double take. He mouthed the word ‘mummy’ to himself.
He heard a soft ‘Ta’ and looked up quizzically to meet the eyes of the barista who’d taken his order and handed him his drink. Sherlock gave him an odd look before continuing his conversation with Lestrade and striding off.
Chapter 7
It was successful. “What?” Sherlock asked, shoulders taut, still faced away from John.
And he is right. They fly from Nice to Dresden, another flight shorter than it should be, and they spend two hours poking around the abandoned building the agent had been found in, and, not six blocks from it, the small building shared by the SIS and the BND.
Sherlock reads the scrap out loud, “
“And yet here you are, working for us,” Mycroft adds in snidely.
Sunday was one of John’s days off, something he could actually enjoy now that he worked. Days off when you were unemployed were sad, lonely blurs, but now they were semi-happy, relaxing breaks. He was halfway through folding a load of laundry when his phone vibrated.
“Queen and Country, Sherlock. This explicitly violates multiple statutes in place, and you are well aware of that. Plus, I am, as always, concerned about you.”
“That’s because you only hire idiots.”
Once, the man held his phone out for John to see. There was a picture of a bruised and bloodied neck and upper torso displayed on the screen.
Chapter 8
“And instead create murder and mayhem. Not quite what Christmas is supposed to be about is it?”
They were parked directly in front of a door that appeared to be the side entrance to a warehouse of some kind. The door opened mysteriously from the inside and the woman held it open.
“What are you even doing here?”
Sherlock hedged for a moment, “No, I’m…not available.”
An hour later, and John hobbled off a crime scene in Brixton, alone, and torn between confused and dejected. It’d been amazing to see Sherlock at work. Sure, he’d seen him deduce things about John that had left him astounded, but this was even more fascinating, a completely different level. He’d picked handfuls of small details off the body and turned them into clues. Hair style, clothing color, jewelry, coat…the swirl of data had been incredible. Sherlock was practically his own tropical storm.
“Really, Sherlock, it’s fine, it wasn’t necessary,” John interrupts. Sherlock pins him with a glare that he can’t quite decipher.
John nodded in reply, eyes on Sherlock.
“As always, brother dear, as always.”
John hid a small smile at that. “So are you my ‘bodyguard’ home tonight then?”
“You’re my new hero, Doc!” Sal calls over the whir of the espresso machine. “You’re missing your cane as well I see.”
“I’m a little like Mycroft, or the SIS,” Sherlock whispered against his ear, practically nibbling on his neck as he spoke. “I don’t share my things. It’s all or nothing with me so say something now if you can’t do that. Because you won’t like the fallout later otherwise.”
John wasn’t sure he could answer; thought about simply giving in and kissing him. But Sherlock’s words, despite their brazen sensuality, were serious. “What did you mean earlier, when you said I misunderstood you?” John asked then, in lieu of a direct answer. He shifted his body minutely though, bringing their hips closer together; a small consolation.
John was glad today that Sherlock was oblivious to menial reality. He hadn’t been sure if he’d be able to pull off getting the new sheets onto the bed or not, but as soon as he’d eaten breakfast he’d delved into the papers he had on the table and had ignored John for almost an hour before John had made his presence known. It had been enough time to get the new, ridiculously expensive Italian linen sheets he’d purchased on their bed. It had taken him nearly two weeks and one overly embarrassing and awkward conversation with Anthea, and therefore by default Mycroft, to decide on and locate these particular sheets. Delved into his savings as well. Between the cases and the few hours at the clinic, and shared expenses, he’d been faring alright lately and figured it was safe enough.
‘Dr. Watson, please make my brother see reason. MH’
“There’s been another, Mycroft is sending a car.”
Wednesday, after his last day of training ended around 18:00, the staff wished him well at his new location, undisclosed to them of course, and he took a deep breath as he exited, hoping he was ready for whatever the next day would bring. He found a sleek black car waiting out front of the coffee shop for him. Anthea stepped out and opened the door for him and he got in without hesitation this time.
“Alright. I’ll give it a try. I won’t be disposed of if I decide not to do it, will I?”
“You’re, um ... well, you’re a bit over-qualified.”
“I can’t believe you didn’t bring your gun,” he hissed at John.
And, so, with much trepidation, John began the slow journey to the address on the card at half two on Thursday. Confused at coming off his tube stop in a dilapidated part of town that seemed to house no offices, he opened the file folder containing his CV and the appointment card stapled inside and was just double checking the address when a black car pulled up in front of him. The door opened and a striking and impeccably dressed young woman, only a few years younger than John himself, stepped out. Her eyes were on her phone but she beckoned towards the open car door. John stopped, unsure of what was going on.
“Traces of espresso in each agent’s stomach. And, as John so nicely noted, 4 of the 7 SIS Starbucks are missing agents.”
Glancing down at himself, Sherlock seems confused. A bemused look crosses his face. “Oh, well, in five minutes we’re going on a walk then.”
Thank you, again, for reading and sticking with me. I'm keeping the series as incomplete for now, waiting to see if inspiration strikes me again or not.
“John?” He asks with a lilt to his voice. John's smile widens.
John tensed at the entire exchange. He’d known he wasn’t supposed to interact with the SIS employees, but he couldn’t seem to resist the pull of Sherlock. And Sherlock certainly hadn’t resisted.
John’s phone vibrated again. This time the smile on his face could not be missed.
“Oh. Well, okay,” John responds, startled and confused.
John struggled throughout it against the bindings on his hands and attempted to tip the chair. He managed it but it was at the same moment that he realized that the rest of the guards minus the one Sherlock had in a chokehold behind John are suddenly down and he was actually already mostly free. The arrow chose that second to shoot and whizzed by his head and pierced the last of the gang just as Sherlock angled their bodies strategically. The look that passes between the two of them was as much indecent as it was heartfelt.
“I know. Wasn’t it great?” Sherlock replied with a hazy smile. John stared at him in bewilderment.
“Hey, Doc! What’s up? Didn’t think I’d ever see you again. Heard you stuck it to the man and walked out!” Sal exclaims as John gets to the counter.
Chapter 4
Chapter 3
“Dull. Dull. Dull. What is it, John, with people and their presents? This is our second case in as many weeks centering on presents.”
He phoned in his order at their now usual Thai place before he caught the Tube and it was ready for him once he’d exited the station, popping directly into the conveniently located restaurant. Once back at the flat, John ate his food quickly. Sherlock herded him along the entire time and it was all John could do not to choke as he shoveled the food into his mouth.
Sherlock purposefully did not show his face at SIS on Thursday, if only to spite Mycroft. He didn’t ignore the case though; reading and researching from his newly acquired couch in his newly acquired flat had its own nice ring to it for now. Kidnapping and espionage—most of Mycroft’s cases were the same. And while generally a slightly higher caliber than the personal or police cases he received, they often were all spurred by the same thing—perceived civic loyalty. An utterly boring motive, in Sherlock’s opinion.
The sky is black as the small plane lands at some undisclosed and falsely innocuous landing strip and seemingly abandoned warehouse. John had nodded off twice on the short flight, less than two hours in the air, and shakes his head sharply trying to clear the fog as they taxi to a stop. There are still papers scattered all over the small table in front of Sherlock’s seat and his hair is even more twisted than usual, evidence of his ongoing thinking and exasperation. John brushes his fingers absently over his shoulder in an attempt at reassurance, though it seems to only irritate him more. He’s stood up abruptly and stalked over to the exit door before Anthea’s even properly unbuckled.
