Squealing metal and nails on a chalkboard. A voice. Sharp pain in his side, his arm, like a phantom pain of a wound that he’d never had.
“Neither would I,” Steve said wryly, wrapping an arm around Tony’s shoulders. “But don’t be mean to my boyfriend.”
amounts of energy, and we have the readings from the Mind Stone from when the Couple came. Why can’t we find it?”
Steve reached the command room, nodding briefly at Clint, who was perched on top. The bug that Hawkeye had secured to the window alerted him to the attempt to start the engines, but then violence over Natasha’s comms quickly dispelled that worry.
“Project?” Natasha repeated, apparently following his line of thought. “You mean Project Insight? The helicarriers? Those were scrapped—and besides, Tony Stark is
JARVIS didn’t comment on the probability of her survival. Instead, he began on his report on Steve. “The uprooting of HYDRA has not gone exactly to plan,” he reported as Tony spun out the way of a blast of fire from Killian. “Sergeant Barnes has come into the field. Director Fury is dead—” Tony faltered in his turn and scraped against the hulk of the ship with a discordant screech.
that was almost left in the stardust. It was sobering, these Avengers that didn’t know each other, didn’t
Thor, who had not spoken up this entire time, raised a hand at the exact same time, fingers curled in an eerie imitation of the girl’s gesture. “Wait,” he rumbled, and some command in his voice had the twins both pause. “Can he show you instead?”
Steve stared at Sam. He had clearly underestimated him: while he really liked the pararescue vet, he hadn’t thought that there was that much of a brain behind him. He was clearly wrong.
Loki’s skin, already pale, went a sickly shade of white that looked nearly blue. “No,” he whispered. Thor winced.
“Undercover op,” Clint continued. “You and your partner came swooping in from the sky, and I almost missed my shot. It was impressive. But the project was terminated.”
Steve made a choked sputtering sound, but Tony entirely ignored both of them, instead focusing on the camera that U was holding. “Start tight and then go wide. Stamp date and time. Oh, Butterfingers, do we have, um, get Steve a helmet, do we have helmets down here?”
“I’ve got to wrap a few things up in my lab,” he said as Steve gave him a plaintive look. “I swear I won’t take more than a half hour. JARVIS can even make sure of it—JARVIS?”
Bucky Barnes was one loose end that the Avengers could never seem to tie up. Despite the dizzying array of powers that their team held, they still could not manage to rustle up a hundred-year-old brainwashed assassin with a
Tony immediately perked up, as did Stark, which Steve didn’t think he’d ever stop being amused at. “What kind of anomaly?” they asked at the same time, and Bruce snorted.
“You do that,” Tony told him, his adrenaline finally beginning to fade. He waited until Barnes was nearly gone from the room before he called, “hey, look… Steve really missed you, but I told him to lay off you until you were ready. So just… thank you for coming home.”
“Steve,” Tony said gently. “I will give you the same answer as all the other times you’ve said this. It
The look on Thanos’s face when a blast from the Space Stone became intermingled with green and yellow wisps—the Time and Mind Stones—was more of an indication of the error than the appearance of the energy. He obviously hadn’t meant to do such a thing, but before Tony could react, his vision went white.
The dickbag who had put Happy into a coma saluted Tony with his coffee cup before he tossed the contents aside.
“We’ve been discovering the Stones faster than they ever did,” Tony interrupted. “Reality, Space, and Mind… it’s 2013, but Stark told me they didn’t find the Scepter until 2015. That’s probably why our Wonder Twins are so inexperienced, they didn’t have time to train.”
Rogers’ face fell almost comically. He shifted, staring back down at his sketchbook, and Steve felt unease twist his gut.
Tony clambered to his feet suddenly, and Bucky jumped a little. “Come on! You’ve got some modern technology to enjoy. Like punching bags that don’t break after three hits. You’ll love it, it’s like super soldier heaven.”
Five minutes, a whole lot of pulling from Steve’s end, and a lot of creaking metal later, Tony was on his feet. The billionaire eyed the entrance to the Tower dubiously and then said, “Thor, zap me, would you?”
and while the Mark 42 lorded dispassionately over him, Tony buried his face in his hands and tried desperately not to cry.
Happy was in a coma and Tony was just sitting there watching the faux-elegant, melodramatic episode play out. He was avoiding the flashing lights and the news trucks of the paparazzi. He’d been shoving cameras out of his face since he was two, smiling for the vultures since he was five, but it was so much more personal now, his soul was raw and bleeding and white-hot, burning with anger.
Six of them connected with each other, and the suit jerked as another woman bashed into his back. “10,000 feet,” JARVIS reported.
“I have to go,” Thor found himself saying, standing on unsteady legs. He was still wearing his combat armor, but that was fine for Asgard. It wasn’t like anyone there would care: his mother might have, once upon a time, but those times were long gone,
be fine,” Steve said fiercely into the phone. Three military-grade helicopters were entering the frame, in perfect formation, approaching the house. “There are more coming, you have to—”
They started to fall, and right before Steve closed his eyes so he didn’t have to see himself hit the pavement, they cut back in. Stark whooped, and Steve belatedly realized that they had at least two other team members who could fly, not to mention whoever else was up in the Tower.
The pounding on the doors hadn’t let up yet, but Steve could hear the hinges weakening. “Clint, evac?” he managed, though his comm was spritzing with static.
“No, it’s not…” Tony trailed off, frowning at something by Steve’s feet. “What the hell did you do to your leg?”
“I’m calling him,” declared Steve, pulling out his phone from a side pocket. “If he’s still in his house, I’m going to—”
“Planning to destroy the universe?” Stark interrupted. “Or half of it, I guess. I didn’t know you knew who he was.”
“I’m here,” Thor said from behind Steve, startling him enough that he jerked away from the entrance. “What’s…” he caught sight of the mangled Iron Man suit, and his gaze hardened. “Who needs to meet Mjolnir?”
She patted him on the back, and swaggered off to wherever she skulked during the day. Tony looked around the empty room, and said, “JARVIS, what just happened?”
Steve didn’t say anything for a long while. Tony’s stomach twisted into a knot and he shrugged, kicking at a stray rock lying on the sidewalk. “Or not, I mean, I don’t want to be pushy—”
The Chitauri leviathan leered down at him, all wicked teeth and gleaming metal, and Tony thought of distant burned-out stars, gleaming fortresses and the face of death looming, smiling, over New York. Tony took a stuttering breath, half-expecting it to lurch toward him and swallow him whole.
Tony jerked the car onto the shoulder of the highway. Over the panic that seized his chest, Tony faintly heard Harley say, “Also, the armor’s not charging.”
Clint’s expression darkened. “They’ll be sending reconnaissance right now. Trying to confirm that we’re dead. We’ve gotta get out of here.”
“We’ll see if we can talk them down,” Steve said. He had the shield strapped to his arm, but sometime in the past half-hour he must have had time to change out of his filthy uniform because he was wearing a t-shirt and jeans instead of the stars and stripes. “There’s got to be some reason that they’re acting this way—JARVIS, you said you knew who they were?”
The bay doors opened and dropped him right into the fray before Tony could catch Steve’s reaction, and soon, he was much more preoccupied with the agents pointing guns at his face.
Something detonated in the far room, and Tony activated the unibeam and left Extremis-douchebag sitting with a hole through his chest. “Walk away from that,” Tony told him, and burst through the cabin door in time to watch a stewardess be pulled from the plane through a gash torn through the belly of the plane.
“HYDRA lies,” Natasha said, and there was something distinctly vulnerable about her, something in her eyes that Tony didn’t think she was faking. “People like that, they lie to keep you in your place. Your job now is to figure out what you want to do now that you’re free."
“How?” Tony demanded, scrambling to his feet. Pepper turned to face him, eyes wild and shining, and muttered something about violence. “JARVIS, what are they going to do?”
Steve didn’t seem to be getting it, but everyone else was. Now Clint was covering a laugh too, and Natasha didn’t bother hiding her mischievous grin.
Tony spun around his chair and noticed that Steve was sitting down now, bowed over on the table, smoothie in one hand, his head in the other. “Hey, did I already break you? Or did you drink out of that smoothie, because I’m ninety percent sure that DUM-E put more motor oil in that than actual smoothie ingredients—”
Steve held up three fingers, then two, then one. Thor whipped around the corner first, thrusting his white-hot hammer in front of him. The speedster was not quick enough to dodge.
“On a more serious note,” Natasha said, sobering, “We’ve got a day, max, before SHIELD gets up your asses—especially you, Stark—about the Tesseract and the Scepter. They’ve called me and Clint in. And if what Stark and Rogers said was true, then Thor’s going to have to take them both and we’ll be out of options.”
And then he said, like it was the simplest thing in the world, “Our parents go in, and the whole building starts coming apart. I grab her, roll under the bed, and the second shell hits. But,” he said, a falsely cheerful note injecting itself into his voice, “it doesn’t go off. It just... sits there in the rubble, three feet from our faces.” His face twisted in agony, but he managed to force the rest of the words out anyway. “And on the side of the shell is painted one word.”
Tony stuck his other arm out and the other gauntlet shot out to close over Tony’s wrist. He felt a swell of victory and a slight urge to say
“I’m not gonna fight you,” Steve said, holding his shield in front of his torso. “But I’m not gonna let you override this kill switch either.”
“Is it still in the cards to not let them launch?” Clint asked, twirling an arrow between his fingers.
“And that,” Tony said, flopping onto his back. “is why I give her the fun toys. Also, language, seriously, you’re supposed to be the embodiment of patriotism and chastity. What’s the other reason?”
“Yeah, but I missed the President.” Tony turned around to look at Rhodey, who sighed and got to his feet.
They left early in the morning, despite Tony’s protesting back. South America was their starting point: first in Bolivia, then northern Venezuela. Zip. Nada. The only thing that Tony found was a slight malfunction in his wrist repulsors when he tried to fry mosquitos out of the air.
to let everything boil to the surface. He had been holding it together the entire time they’d been here, and Steve could see that now.
“I created Ultron because I was scared,” Stark admitted. “What I saw in that portal—it was terrifying. He knows.” Stark flicked his gaze over to Tony, who looked startled. Steve hadn’t even realized that Stark knew he was in the room. “There is
He hung there for what felt like hours, listening to Wannabe-Thor and Generic Creep #5 engage in casual, boring conversation as though they weren’t guarding a captive Iron Man in a decrepit old mansion in Miami. Finally,
Tony made sure that JARVIS recorded Steve’s face when they were summoned to the elevators and he watched Bucky step out. He had been heartbreakingly cautious, reaching out a hesitant hand forwards, but then, with a glance at Tony, Bucky grabbed Steve in a bone-crushing hug.
“We could crash them,” Natasha offered, gritting her teeth as a SHIELD medic made another stitch in her shoulder. “Override their programming, disconnect them from their satellites, then get them to fire at each other.”
He took one guard down with a stranglehold, two more with his shield, threw another over the side, and lost track. Natasha was supposed to get to the engine room, and Clint would stick to the high ground, working with the other SHIELD agents to take out the guards around the prisoners: most importantly Sitwell, who was almost certainly Hydra. Steve was aiming for Batroc.
His brother raised a single eyebrow, so much like Frigga that it hurt something in Thor’s chest. He caved much easier than he used to, he noted ruefully. Loki would probably miss the challenge, or something. Thor certainly wouldn’t miss the arguments.
“I am so, so sorry, but that wasn’t me,” Tony said helplessly, because that was all he could say, what else could he say? “I know what it looks like, but my CFO was selling weapons behind my back for years before I found out. He tried to have me killed, and I cleaned up the program after.”
He remembered the times Bucky had walked off his shield like it was nothing, caught it with one hand, and Steve stayed his hand. He used bodily momentum to feint up towards Bucky’s face, then caught his legs with the shield and sent him careening off the catwalk.
The god dipped his head in acquiescence, but Tony waved the offer away. “I’ll clean up and head up in a few minutes. Night.”
The agents were screaming, but Steve didn’t think they would be screaming for the same reason that he was. He tried to turn to look, but all he heard was a metallic
“Oh, boy,” said Natasha, flatly, and she offered Thor a hand to his feet. “Let’s deal with this on the jet, shall we?”
Maria sighed harshly. “This isn’t on the books at all. When security isn’t taken down, there are five secret doors and thirteen firewalls keeping this information behind locked doors. Fury knew something was up, he just didn’t know how big it was.” She sounded angry that she hadn’t noticed, either.
but ever since he had returned to Svartalfheim and found Loki’s body missing, he thought he’d always known. He couldn’t find it in himself to be happy about this news, no matter how much he loved his brother.
The hydraulics hissed a complaint as Tony raised his arms, but he complied. There was blood running from a cut under his eye down to his chin, and there were a few other wounds and bruises covering his face that most certainly hadn’t been there before his house got blown up.
The mages of Vanaheim had pointed him to a distant planet called Xios, where they said the map to the heart of Souls had been stored for thousands of years. But when he got there, the temple was half-caved in, and a pile of ash where the instructions should have laid. Either a trap, or someone had gotten there before him.
“No more false faces,” he managed through singed vocal chords. “You said you wanted the Mandarin… you’re looking right at him.” Killian was healing before his very eyes, and Tony resisted the urge to scooch backwards on his butt. “I am the Mandarin!” Killian roared melodramatically, spreading his ruined arms and looming over Tony.
“Aww,” Tony cooed, leaning exaggeratedly into Steve. “I know there was a reason I liked you besides your d—”
He came to tied to a bed, which was an unpleasant repetition of some episodes of his youth—that was to say, a few years ago. Maya Hansen sat in front of him, typing at some sort of computer.
“What?” Rogers asked blankly, clearly caught off guard by the rapid change in subject. Stark continued, undaunted.
Another hour saw Clint staring at Sam as he revealed that he’d been involved in the Falcon project with unmasked awe in his eyes. “I saw you once,” he said, and Sam raised an eyebrow at him.
“Tony and I will enter from the north,” Steve continued, manipulating the map to demonstrate where. Tony felt a pang of pride at his lover, freshly thrown into a new century and adapting easily: a fish to water. He smiled to himself, but Thor caught it and winked. “Thor, you’ll take Nat down to the south and wait for my signal. Clint, stay in the jet with Bruce until we can determine whether or not we have a code green. If we do, hop out and cover him. If not, aerial support. Any questions?”
“Steve, stand back, yeah?” Steve didn’t look convinced, but he obligingly moved away. “Mark 42. Autonomous prehensile propulsion suit test.”
Thor seemed to shake off the stupor that the name Thanos had put him into, and some of that righteous anger returned. “The Tesseract belongs on Asgard—” He began, but Stark cut him off.
He stuck out an arm in an imitation of the first time he’d jabbed a finger at Steve two days ago. That felt like it was ten years ago, maybe more. God,
“You really didn’t deserve her, Tony,” Killian said with the air of someone who had been wronged, which was just plain ridiculous. “It’s a pity. I was so close to having her perfect.”
“The Stones,” Thor gasped out, and Tony went absolutely still under Steve’s hands. “He’s—they’re—collecting them.”
Dark blades, black and green. Fire and destruction, bursting through Asgard’s gates and devouring the planet whole. Gungnir, snapped in two before a broken throne. A hand, stretched towards his face, glowing with the colors of Infinity—
“I knew these would come in handy,” Tony said wryly, rapping his knuckles against the glass. “I turned the heat up, though.”
Howard Stark’s face flickered on screen, his features crossed out and the word DECEASED printed across the file. Blueprints of the helicarriers, marked TERMINATED, briefly showed before they were abandoned, replaced by a picture of Fury, reading PENDING.
“Listen to me very carefully. I’m going to tell you something about someone that’s going to be a blessing and a curse, and you’re not going to freak.”
“So far, none have been successful.” Tony cursed viciously, letting the foul language spill out his throat and curdle as they left his lips. The time was running out, he
“Dread it, run from it…” Thor muttered absently. “Destiny arrives all the same.” He looked up at Tony, and his eyes were wide as moons. Tony felt like something ice-cold had crawled into his chest and died there, for surely the sickening feeling of rot and frost couldn’t be normal. “You must prepare.”
The fight was briefer than he expected, honestly. Although to be fair, he could have missed half of it.
“I’m in the middle of nowhere in Tennessee, my suit’s broken, JARVIS is broken, I just had to take a poncho off of a wooden Indian, and I’ve been doing nothing but freaking out this whole trip. I’m in the middle of nowhere in Tennessee, I mean, really.”
The helicarrier lurched suddenly, and Steve’s balance shifted, rolling to the side. Belatedly, he remembered the hole that Bucky had punched through the bay doors.
“It already had a hand in bringing Stark and Rogers to our timeline,” Thor said gravely. “It’s an Infinity Stone: both it and the Tesseract are capable of destroying this half of the galaxy with no trouble.”
“Cliché,” Clint commented from the other side of the table. Thor smacked him on the back of the head.
Tony realized what she was insinuating and resisted the urge to throw up in his mouth. He was not thinking about this right now. His brain would explode.
They had already had this confirmed by their future selves: Stark and Rogers, quietly describing the destruction of half the known universe. And Thor himself, brutally injured, almost unrecognizable, telling him Loki was dead and to ask his father about a woman named Hela. Thor had not had a chance to get an answer from Odin: when he asked before the siege by Svartalfheim, the king had gone deathly pale and promptly fallen into the Odinsleep.
“If they’re shooting at you, they’re bad!” he shot back before throwing himself over a ledge on the platform into a gang of HYDRA agents. The bullets flying past his ears echoed themselves in the comms in his ear.
Tony let out a faux-offended gasp, setting the injector aside and flicking up a schematic for the not-yet-built Mark 43. “
Thor’s face shifted to a soft smile. He flexed the fingers of his left hand, and for the first time Steve noticed the armor extended all the way down to form a glove over his left hand and that there were bandages peeking out of the neckline of his armor. None of that showed on his face. “There’s a teenager dressed as a spider who’s very insistent that I get this over with as soon as possible.
Both of their lips curled in sync, and it struck Tony for the first time that no, they did not look like hunters. They looked like wounded animals, lashing out at those who would help them because they could not tell the difference between friend and foe.
When Tony ran his fingers along the edge of one of the bomb shadows splayed across the wall, he thought of ripped-out hearts, of flickering, shrinking portals, and an army floating in empty space with no air to breathe, to scream.
Tony sat up a little straighter to card his fingers through Steve’s hair. His partner slept much better than Tony did, and deeper, too.
“There was a missile strike ordered against them at Camp Lehigh, New Jersey. However, there are no confirmed casualties. They are okay, sir.”
you may have noticed the chapter count went up. don't expect that to be the last time that happens, to be honest. 5 chapters was always a placeholder until I could figure out how long this monster is going to be.
“There’s gotta be a way to track it,” Bruce was spewing, twisting the sleeves of his sweater between his fingers, an anxious tick. It was late and Tony was bone-tired, but they were still awake because today had been an abysmal failure. “I mean, the Infinity Stones emit
“SHIELD still has custody of Sitwell,” Steve recalled, not questioning their certainty. “Most of HYDRA is eradicated by now, it’s just Pierce running things… you think Maria can smuggle him out?”
“No secrets,” Rogers said, still speaking to Steve. “I don’t want to hear anything about any mishaps.”
his memories, with more care than he would have expected. A sharp pain in his chest, shrapnel, God how
The helicopter plowed straight into the western edge of the building, and the house crumbled and collapsed into the Pacific.
as the junior agents began to freak out on board. Natasha called for silence, and Steve tucked his body into a diving position as he plummeted towards the water.
As all good things—or bad things, in Tony’s opinion—begin, this adventure started with an evil asshole who decided to kill half the universe and then inconveniently
It was a few more minutes of comfortable small talk, asking Thor about what the hell he’d done in Greenwich that had destroyed half of the plaza, poking fun at Steve, teasing Sam. Tony leaned into Steve, letting his warmth seep into his core. Steve had draped an arm around him, and the laughter in the air (and in the wine) made Tony feel hopeful for the first time, really, since New York.
It wasn’t the kind of fuzzy that was borne of one too many glasses of champagne late at night, when everything went pleasantly dim and blurry. No, this was like Tony’s essence, his very
They drilled their way out through a hole in the bottom of the truck and made their way to some old, abandoned manor. It was covered in curling wild vines that nearly masked the dusty stained glass windows. Recent tire tracks and a few SHIELD-issue cars parked outside were the only signs of habitation.
Rogers and Stark forged farther ahead than the rest of the Avengers. They were both obviously excited to see their Thor; probably because they were excited to go home but also because they didn’t know what had happened in their time.
“Dating was great. You were a good boyfriend for a while, there. It was a good run. But you—you’re too caught up in your own problems to handle anyone else’s.”
“You shouldn’t,” Bruce called, and they lapsed into a comfortable (and slightly drug-hazed, on Clint’s part) silence.
She lost her grip on the guy the first time, but they caught up again and she caught his arm. Tony blew out a long breath. “Easy, see?” he said. “Eleven more to go.”
“I know you remember, Bucky!” Steve yelled from the catwalk, not daring to get down yet. “I know you know you know me.”
“Captain Rogers, Maria Hill, Agents Barton and Romanoff, and FALCON veteran Sam Wilson have staged a coup to eliminate the last of HYDRA. But, sir…” JARVIS trailed off, and Tony had to divert his attention from his spiel to concentrate on Killian.
smile, the way he flicked through his holograms while verbally sparring with JARVIS, the way he lit up when talking about Iron Man.
“I—the Winter Soldier—HYDRA—well, me, I—” he was stammering badly, looking so uncomfortable and anxious that Tony wanted to hand him a cigarette or something. “Your parents,” he finished awkwardly. “It was my fault.”
Stark—the future Stark—waved a hand dismissively, and Steve noticed for the first time that some of the plating of his left arm was exposed, burned away. Even his Tony’s armor hadn’t taken a hit like that; scraped to hell, sure, but not
Stark’s face broke and he pressed his hands over his face for a moment before composing himself and throwing his arms around the god. Thor grunted, but wrapped his right arm around Stark’s shoulders and smiled.
“So, half the universe is dead,” Stark summarized, and even from twenty feet away, Steve could see the pain that flitted across his features. “And we’d really rather get out of your hair. Is the Tesseract—”
Tony woke to a blaring alarm, a malfunctioning HUD, and a suit steadily approaching a snowy road. He felt a headache pounding at his skull and the swelling at his neck from the iron cable that had dragged him to the bottom of the Pacific, his suit filling with water, gasping for air—
“You wanna know what happened? You wanna know what he did? He turned to me, and he told me that he didn’t want to go. He
Tony bolted upright, fumbling with the door handle and sinking to the icy pavement. Spots danced in his vision as he struggled to breathe around the vice in his chest. The arc reactor felt like it weighed a thousand pounds.
He cast one more look around him, at this random planet on the wrong side of the galaxy, which he was fairly certain was populated by Skrulls, and raised Mjolnir to the sky. “Heimdall!”
crouching in front of Tony’s hiding space, his blue blue blue eyes peering through Tony’s mask and into his soul and why was Tony just staring—
Behind them, Thor shoved Natasha off him and cried out, “No!” His eyes were glowing blue, plasma wrapping up his arms like demented chains, and for a terrifying moment Steve thought he would explode.
He wore dark goggles and a mask that more resembled a muzzle than any form of actual protective equipment. His hair was shaggy, and Bucky had always hated long hair, why would they keep it so long—
They all hastily rose from their seats, raising their hands high in the air. This would have been the perfect time for a snarky Tony Stark joke, but instead, Steve just paced forward, his mouth a hard line.
Happy couldn’t figure out how to flip the screen despite being the former chauffeur and bodyguard of one of the foremost tech designers in the world, and Tony left his phone in the wine cooler.
He dove between Killian’s legs and straight off the side of the walkway. His suit closed around him, and JARVIS said, “Sir, I have an update on Captain Rogers.”
of safely interfering in Malibu with Hydra still within our ranks? We need to move on the data files that Agent Romanoff collected.”
Fact one: the Winter Soldier had murdered his parents in cold blood. Strangled his mother, bashed Howard’s head against the steering wheel.
Later, he would hear of the broken plating and the bruises of an iron cable around the neck, the fear of being dragged to the bottom of the ocean, crushed by concrete, trapped in a metal coffin. Later, he would listen to a desperate voicemail, a stolen poncho and a malfunctioning suit, but now, he stared at the smoldering wreckage and the watery grave of Tony Stark, and his hands shook.
“I found the bad guys you were talking about,” Sam announced, his voice half-sucked away by the wind.
Steve snapped. Clint seemed to shake off the daze that he’d fallen into, and he made to join them before he whipped his gaze back to the computers.
“What do I deserve?” Tony burst out, because the girl was in the illustration and this boy was not and he had to know what made him
he ordered JARVIS shrilly as she went farther. Not her. Please not her. She was his best friend, his driving force, his—
“My processing power has been occupied as of recently,” JARVIS said, a bit peevish, “with your project, and with keeping Stark Industries running."
His face didn’t seem like it had changed much. It was still disorienting and pretty disturbing to be seeing his double standing in front of him, but he managed to look past the dizziness. There were deeper lines carved into his forehead and mouth, although his smile lines hadn’t deepened very much. His hair was combed back from his head in what seemed to Steve like a more modern hairstyle, although he couldn’t be sure of anything. The armor, like Steve’s own, was dirtied, burned, like his alternate had just been through a battle.
Tony pressed a fist to his mouth and tried desperately not to cry. He hadn’t had the guts to try and speak to JARVIS his entire time at the Tower. Even after all these years, with Vision using JARVIS’s voice and some of his behaviors, his wound was still raw.
The water approached him way too quickly for his liking, but the Firecracker suit caught him by the arm and enfolded him again. “Continue, JARVIS,” he ordered, and another explosion shook the ship before JARVIS highlighted the War Machine armor flying out of the scene, the President clinging to the side.
Steve was surprised that one mention of this Thanos had shaken Thor like this. He’d only known the god for a day or two, but he seemed supremely unbothered by anything thrown his way. He’d smiled when he was fighting the Hulk, who even Steve was wary of. To see him so pale…
“Are you okay?” Steve asked frantically, rubbing his hands over Tony’s scalp like he would be able to detect the psychic damage that Maximoff had dealt.
Old files spoke of plans for helicarriers equipped with firepower to wipe out anyone who stood in Hydra’s way. Helicarriers that were equipped with repulsor technology—
“AI,” Natasha said, then pointedly looked at Tony. “Although I didn’t realize that he did… all that.”
He met Tony’s gaze and shot her in the chest. She choked on the blood filling up her lungs before she collapsed. Another wound carved itself into Tony’s heart.
Pepper stared at him, her eyebrows furrowed into a mix of a grimace and a squint. “Tony, what’s going on?”
“I look forward to reading your report about that asset to Director Fury,” Steve called after them, and Tony watched Rumlow’s shoulders go rigid. Natasha wavered for a moment as her superior turned around and went towards the door. She caught Rumlow’s arm, and her fingers went white as she squeezed. She said something to him and paced over to Steve, Tony, and Thor instead of following.
“Cap,” Clint warned, and pointed at the screen. There were HYDRA agents in mission control, dressed all in black with masks over their faces. One of the techs had a gun pointed at the back of his head, and Sharon Carter had her gun aimed squarely at the offender.
“So be Avengers with us. Help us take down HYDRA before they destroy the world as we know it. You’re… we’re all Avengers.”
They’d known about Bucky, they’d known what he was capable of, and yet they’d still been caught horribly, terrifyingly, off-guard.
We have moved beyond the prototype… superior in some ways, of course, but there is freedom in a lack of liability.”
Killian, groaning, absolutely coal-black with burns and smoldering with rage, stumbled to his feet amidst the fire.
Despite the legitimate hilarity of their situation, Tony interrupted. “Here’s how it works, Meryl Streep. You tell him where Pepper is and he stops doing it.”
The lights were bending now, pulled to near darkness and then full brightness with the strength of Thor’s influence. “What are you concerned with?”
“He’s not hallucinating,” Natasha chided, entering with a smoothie in each hand. “Laura is lovely, and his kids are pretty cute.”
that kid was a jokester, and also way too fast to ever be caught. Tony honestly thought that he had quicker reflexes because of the need to dodge tipping paint cans than all of Natasha’s combat sessions. But none of that mattered right now because—
“What do I deserve?” Tony burst out, because the girl was in the illustration and this boy was not and he had to know what made him different. “Why do all this?”
Earlier, he’d managed to locate a battery with wires that were compatible with the Mark 42 and its picky charging methods, and now he carried it with him, reminding him of desperately holding a car battery above water as they forced his head down—
Clint interrupted, looking an inch from shooting the screen. “Whee, Winter Soldier, Project Insight, yahoo.” He waved his hands around unenthusiastically in the universal gesture for
Steve was proud to admit that he didn’t throw up or scream. He was fairly certain that he did let out a rather undignified yelp, but he was pretty sure that the wind had torn it away. And since Tony had no helmet, there was almost no way that he could have heard.
Sam looked mildly disturbed by this revelation, and he bowed his head for a moment. “This is my life now,” he lamented, and they all laughed.
They ended up having to argue with the Secretary of the World Security Council and a special elite SHIELD squad headed by Brock Rumlow (and Steve didn’t understand when he watched from around a corner as Rogers practically snarled at Rumlow to hand the Scepter over; Tony told him later that Stark had gone scarily intense when he encountered Pierce), but they managed to retain custody of the Tesseract and the Scepter for seven days before SHIELD would “have to take permanent custody of the highly dangerous alien artifacts.”
Taking a cue from his future self, Tony had been feverishly working to unlock the secrets of a nanotech Iron Man suit. Stark had not let him see it because of his concerns for the timeline, but Tony had snuck a few peeks (that couldn’t hurt!) so he had at least somewhere to start. A year had not been enough time to fully flesh out the theory, but he was close enough that JARVIS had suspended production on new suits.
There was a shuffle of steps behind him just as Tony caught sight of the Scepter. He went to turn, stretched out a hand for the suit, but too late.
The archer was pinned under a cracked slab of concrete and bleeding heavily from a cut running from his hairline to his eyebrow. Steve wedged both of his hands underneath the stone and lifted hard. Clint managed to roll out and groaned, pressing a hand to his temple.
Tony blasted the man’s head through and tried not to think of burned-out lungs and nebulae in distant space.
The other man frowned heavily, like the choice had caught him off guard. “I’m not sure. But I… I want to get HYDRA out of my head. I think… something inside me wants to come home.”
Tony was right. They had not been able to break through their enclosure, but he hadn’t anticipated that she could stretch her magic right through the glass. Her efforts were clearly taking a toll on her, though. Her brother was half-supporting her as they crouched in the corner, glaring at them through eyes hidden by white-stained hair. The edges of her hairline were sticky with sweat, her eyeliner running to create smudges under her eyes. But both of her hands were outstretched, curling around scarlet mist that pressed Tony firmly against the wall.
“Sorry about that, boys,” She said, and something about her voice seemed genuinely pained. “I hate those sons-of-bitches.”
Stark waved a hand in dismissal. “It’ll just take a few days, there, Kal-El, okay? You can take it back as soon as I’m done. For right now, I’m pretty sure you can stick Reindeer Games in… I built the cold-storage vault already, right?”
of giving that thing to SHIELD was that Fury was going to keep an eye on it. What’s the last ping you’ve got on it?”
“Because I faked my death and you didn’t get my voicemail so it seemed like I swooped in from beyond the grave to save you!”
He shook his head rapidly, but when he stretched a palm out, a beam of light burned a hole in the concrete of the building opposite them. He smiled maniacally at Steve. “Ready for the ride of your life?”
He took a moment to take inventory of his injuries: nothing broken, maybe a few bruises and minor cuts. Overall, not bad at all, all things considered.
She moved elegantly, her fingers twining together to manipulate the flow of energy around her. She eyed Tony like a lion, a huntress, and for a moment, Tony felt like a tiny mouse.
Tony felt cold, mind-numbing fury build up in his core. Killian jumped down, bones flaring white in his legs before mending themselves in an instant.
“—They both look hurt,” Thor noted at the same time. “They aren’t attacking me. The suit… whoever is inside is waving at me. Should I…”
Steve was with Tony, Stark, and Bruce, watching as they studied readings from the Tesseract and pulled up old data on the Mind Stone, when JARVIS pulled up an alert on the screen in front of his face and said, “Sir, there’s been an anomaly.”
“Okay,” Steve breathed, “Okay. Natasha, stay on lullaby. Thor, you do that, meet me…” Steve trailed off, realizing that he had
Thor’s steps down the stone staircase were surprisingly soft for a man of his bulk, let alone of his station. There was electricity licking the hammer and crawling up to his wrist, but it also collected along his shoulders and neck. Steve wondered absently how much of the conducting Mjolnir actually did.
“Sokovia?” Clint said dubiously, studying the map. “I dunno, Cap, seems like a long shot. Why would they drag the Scepter all the way out there? It’s out of range of basically every industrialized country, why—”
“I know, buddy, but when you brought that doohickey back to Asgard, not much good came from that.” Thor frowned, and static began to fizz in Steve’s ears again. “I just need a couple days to figure out how to replicate a blast from
“Fine, it’s fine,” Tony breathed, running a hand through his sweaty hair. “I’m just going to shower.”
She bared her teeth, molten white, in a mockery of a smile. Tony left her dangling from the electrical lines on the street.
Tony’s feet slipped on the oil-slick ground as he scrambled after Pepper, clinging onto the wreckage of the booth of the boat swinging toward open water.
Steve made an abortive move to step forward, but seemed to decide against it halfway through. “I’ll see you when I get back, Tony,” he said softly, and it sounded like it wasn’t what he had wanted to say.
The next morning, they left equally as early. There were half a dozen HYDRA bases in Eastern Europe to hit, plus two in Western, so they packed their belongings for the week and went to stay in Tony’s off-book home in rural France.
Clint’s fingers twitched at his bow, and he seemed to be restraining himself from finding high ground. Natasha pressed a hand to Steve’s shoulder, her steady eyes framed by the straight waves of her hair. “You up for this?”
Stark was standing in the doorway, arms crossed and eyes dark. “You know, I’d say that’s pretty middle schooler of you, but I’ve learned you’re not above that.”
The TV-Crew-Gary-Guy was vaguely irritating, and the tattoo that he had was nauseating, but then Killian’s face flickered onto the blurry screen, and the last piece clicked into place.
Tony snorted out a laugh. “Yes, sir,” he said, and saluted, turned to Steve. “Steve, I think he’s trying to replace you.”
“I’m with you to the end of the line,” Steve yelled at the top of his lungs, one last-ditch effort before they were stranded for good.
Trevor stuck a hand out to shake Rhodey’s. “Hi, Trevor, Trevor Slatt—” Rhodey swatted his hand away, but all he did was hesitate a moment before finishing, “—ery. I know, I’m shorter in person, a bit smaller. Everybody says that. But, um, hey, if you’re here to arrest me, there’s some people I’d like to roll on—”
“JARVIS, recover the files Mr. Crazy was trying to delete,” Tony said, gesturing at the computers. “And gimme a scan of the room.”
“There was a missile strike ordered against them at Camp Lehigh, New Jersey. However, there are no confirmed casualties. They are okay, sir.”
The Iron Man suit continued to fall, limp, and Thor growled, “He’s not slowing down,” and started whirling his hammer in a circle.
This didn’t exactly provoke the reaction Steve was going for; Rogers, instead of laughing at Steve’s (admittedly terrible) joke, he just sighed. “Not so great,” He admitted, and his fingers clenched around the sketchbook. “But Tony—uh, Stark—is very insistent that I don’t create a time paradox by telling you about it.”
The woman, with brown stringy hair hanging in front of her eyes and filthy bandages wrapped around her wrists, cried out, “Pietro!” She made an abortive movement to kneel beside him, but whipped around to face him and Thor, her eyes wide with horror and feral anger.
“Two on your six, Cap,” Clint told him. Steve knocked one out with the shield, and an arrow punctured the other before Steve could blink.
Natasha raised her gun, ready to fire, and then a heavily armored car slammed into the back of Sam’s Chevy. It drove them forward, the tires screaming a complaint, and Bucky vaulted back onto the roof. His feet shattered the back window. Clint grunted as shattered glass exploded all over him, and Natasha bent over and groped for her gun.
“You okay?” Steve asked. Clint made an abortive attempt to nod before turning an unhealthy shade of white.
“People are gonna die, Buck,” he said helplessly, knowing in his heart that it was hopeless but trying anyway. “I can’t let that happen. Please… don’t make me do this."
Steve lost himself in the rhythm of punch, dodge, throw, and did his best to not think too much. Natasha recited an affirmative, and then comms went silent.
His hair had lightened; to a grey or a blonde, Steve couldn’t tell, but it wasn’t the dark brown that Tony sported currently. Worry lines had carved themselves deep into his face. His signature (well, signature as far as Steve could tell) facial hair had faded to a lighter shade of brown. The red blood made his eyes look black.
“In position, Cap,” Maria Hill called from the cockpit. Steve pulled a face at Clint from over his shoulder before he stepped off of the plane’s ramp into the open air.
“The helicarriers aren’t designed for suborbital travel,” Fury said, but there was a twinkle in his eye.
Thor—or alternate Thor, Steve supposed, as their Thor had accompanied them—had landed on a street a few blocks from the Tower. They set out on foot, all eight of them. Not in uniform, and while they normally would have been recognized, these streets were still mostly closed off. The rain of aliens and terror had subdued New York City for nine days. It wouldn’t last much longer.
“Isn’t possible,” Tony finished. It was a shame, really. The Scepter had readings like a highly-developed artificial intelligence and they were using it to try and figure out time travel. “Unless I can get that last Stone that they were talking about—Time, or whatever—then I don’t know that I’ll be able to do it before SHIELD takes it.”
“The helicarriers,” Natasha breathed, looking at Clint. “The files that Fury couldn’t access. Pierce met with the WSC after Fury terminated Insight. What if…”
“We lost, and I lost, and you lost, and Thor lost—we. All. Lost. And you wanna know why? Because you and your stubborn, supposedly-righteous ass couldn’t understand the greater good.”
The suit spat him out backwards as Killian split it in half, and Tony landed hard on his back. The arc reactor jarred in its casing, and his vision exploded into white spots.
“Bruce is flying in tonight,” Tony announced. “I assumed you all would say yes. He was hanging out in Sri Lanka waiting to see what was gonna happen.”
Another went flying past his head and broke off some of the piping running up the wall. Steve yelped and ducked another, half-hiding behind the table. Tony retrieved another leg before the back piece sent him stumbling off of the raised platform he was standing on. He narrowly activated his repulsors, snapping out, “Cool it, will you JARVIS?” before the rest of the pieces assembled together.
“Stories,” Thor said. “Almost legends, now. He lived in the outreaches of the Nova system for ages before the Nova Prime forced him out. His past is a violent one—after Titan was destroyed, he began… I’m not sure how this will translate to your tongue. He… systematically, I believe you could call it, wiped out half the population of any planet he came across. There hasn’t been tell of him for… a few years, I believe.”
“Because he’s kept something big from us,” Thor snapped in response to Loki’s question. “And I don’t know what it is, and we won’t know until I find him.”
“Tony—!” Steve started, but there was an enormous explosion on the other line just as the house was struck by the round of missiles on the television.
Tony took another look at the bright lights, DUM-E and U spinning idly at the far side of the room, the rapid-fire computer screens, and thought
apologies for the long wait!! life hit me like a freight train... BUT! this chapter is so long that I hope it makes up for it! I'm hoping that the next chapter won't take as long, and I'll try as hard as possible to keep my flow of writing going.
Thor stared at her, then looked around at the rest of them. “What did I say?” he said weakly, and then the ground beneath them began to tremble.
“JARVIS can search them,” Tony said, snapping his fingers at the ceiling. “Right, bud? A lot faster than Clint’s cute little eyes.”
Steve turned to look at the TV. There was live footage projected up on the screen from a news helicopter. The cameraman was good: he had a perfect angle of the series of missiles shooting straight for Tony’s home.
“Me too, buddy,” Tony said, looking back at the half-feral girl hurling energy at the cell wall as Steve led him from the room. “Me, too.”
The elevator doors began to rumble open, but a blast of glowing red energy ripped them apart, warping the metal beyond repair, and Steve shoved Tony into the side of the elevator to prevent him from being decapitated by it.
Steve pulled the helmet off and studied his face for a moment. He wiped the trail of blood off Tony’s mouth with a thumb, and Tony’s heart rate stuttered for a moment.
Wordlessly, Steve held out the case containing the Scepter. Rumlow, not bothering to hide his glee, took it. Steve looked like he was barely stopping himself from punching the agent in the teeth. Tony kind of wondered why.
Stark’s voice suddenly came over the comms, but the man lying next to him hadn’t moved. “Guys, come on, you’re killing me here. Thor, big guy, I
“I’m the best,” Tony announced as the HUD lit up. He licked away the blood on his lip and decided that he wouldn’t gloat too badly.
Thor looked up abruptly from where he was sat in a chair near Clint’s bed. It was Steve who had spoken, but the entire team was staring at him, even Clint, who had a gash torn into his side and who should definitely be the center of attention right then, not Thor.
When Tony screamed, Steve nearly dropped his shield and tripped over a dead body in the main chamber. “
Since he was a responsible adult who owned a significant portion of Disney World, Tony stuck out his tongue and blew her a raspberry.
when they got back to DC. Maria Hill sent a text to Natasha and told her to stay away, but they really had nowhere else to go. The only other place they could have gone was Avengers Tower, but with Tony’s ghost still lingering on the edges of Steve’s mind, he was remiss to even set foot inside.
They were horrible, ghastly visions, of blood and pain and death and the cold vastness of empty space. But they did show Thor things, and he wondered absently if his mother’s gifts had filtered into his blood after all. How ironic, that after nearly two thousand years, his gifts would manifest a year after her death.
“You’re not quitting,” Steve called from the other room. Natasha handed Tony a smoothie, as though that would solve any of his problems. He took a sip anyway, then stiffened in alarm.
“How can you know?” Bruce asked, wringing his hands together. “I mean, the Couple said that this didn’t start happening until 2015, and Thanos arrived in 2018, how—”
Steve didn’t know what the space-time continuum was, but he wasn’t feeling any adverse effects at the moment. Tony tried to shrug again, but the armor protested with a grating screech. “Too late now.”
“You forgot your goddamn parachute, moron!” Clint yelled after him in revenge. Steve heard Hill start to berate Clint about
“Yes!” Tony insisted, and Steve groaned next to him. “He was like ‘take off your helmet’ and I swear to God, I thought he was going to punch me!”
Thor clenched his jaw. “Three stones on one planet? You’re practically begging for trouble. I should take the Scepter and the Tesseract and return them to Asgard—”
Steve took a deep breath and, deep in his heart, he felt acceptance. Bucky couldn’t be his priority: not when there were millions of lives at stake. He gritted his teeth, readying himself to throw his shield, before Bucky angled his body to catch it.
Tony breathed deep and looked to the drawing hung on the far wall. “Okay,” he said after a moment. “We’ll just have to try something else then, won’t we?”
His gauntlet activated and wrapped itself around Tony’s arm, and Tony whooped. Steve started for a moment, wide-eyed, before the shoulder plate nearly took his head off and he ducked away, the visor flipping back down.
He waved it away easily, one glowing hand moving airily in a way that was far too dismissive of such a catastrophic turn of events. He grabbed the arm of the 42 and jerked it away from his body. “Try the jet stream,” he taunted. “Speaking of which, go fish!”
In a fit of apparent fury, Bucky threw his gun aside and charged for the catwalk. Steve could feel the blood draining from his leg, feel the bullet grind against the bone. He wasn’t up for a fight, and Bucky knew it.
Steve, Tony, and Thor met them in the lobby. Tony stood at the front, Thor to his left and Steve to his right. Thor’s expression was mutinous and tense, and Tony could almost feel the sparks flying from his armor.
Steve scrambled to his feet and nearly knocked Tony over in his haste to reach his side. Tony massaged at his temples, feeling like someone had just stuck his head on a drill bit and turned it on high.
“—Fine, whatever,” The other Stark continued in the same breath. “Uh, when the Mind Stone—shit. When the, uh, scepter thing was messing with our brains, Cap asked me what I was without the suit and I said that I was a genius billionaire playboy philanthropist, or something. And then he said something about—”
Natasha ducked into the cockpit after muttering a few words into Clint’s ear. Steve startled, setting the girl down next to the other enhanced. “Did you see something too?”
Natasha had backed into the corner, all hard lines and sharp edges. Tony couldn’t blame her: after all, her partner was upstairs, wounded, unable to watch her back. Thor was still white as a sheet, clutching the railing like it was the only thing keeping him upright.
Steve had a terrible moment when he wanted to know exactly what would happen in the future. Whether anything would actually work out for him. He wanted to grab his alternate by the shoulders and shake him and shake him until Steve knew everything.
Whenever Steve saw them speaking, they were arguing. It was mostly about irrelevant things, Steve thought—what Rogers had suggested about the future, apparently contrary to Stark’s opinion; something Stark had said about technology here compared to that of the future that had apparently irked Rogers. But sometimes it was about things that Steve didn’t understand, nor did he want to.
This time, it was Rogers who hauled Steve into a hug. And again, there was a secret message breathed into Steve’s ear.
Maria Hill, her voice brusque over the comms, said, “Blasting their frequency in three… two… one… now.”
“This isn’t the first time I’ve had to learn how to speak a language properly,” Thor said, sounding mildly affronted. “The Allspeak isn’t universal, I can still adapt.”
“He was quite upset when Captain Rogers stole the blender from the workshop,” JARVIS reported. “I suspect you might be paying for that in the weeks to come, sir.”
“Okay,” Tony said, his voice a bit strangled due to the pressure around his ribs. “That’s fair. I get that a lot. Can I ask why, or is this more of a done deal?”
“But, I, um,” Tony continued, his voice impossibly strangled. “Those weeks with you, out in Malibu, they were… great. They were really great. And I know that you want me to come back, I want to come back to you, and I know you’re looking for Bucky and I really, really want you to find him. So… don’t come looking for me. I mean, you won’t be able to find me, because I’m in the middle of nowhere in Tennessee, but, well. Don’t try.”
Once, the fourth day of seven of their alternates’ presence, Steve found Rogers sitting on the couch in the living room, cross-legged, staring vacantly at a sketchbook in his lap. The drawing was half-finished, unrefined, but Steve could still tell what it was.
“What kind of algorithm—what does it do?” Natasha asked, her voice needle-sharp. The soft edges of the striped hoodie that she wore belied the harsh lines of her shoulders, her neck.
The TV in Fury’s office was on to the BBC. There was a reporter with a picture of Tony up on the screen, as well as a caption screaming TONY STARK THREATENS TERRORIST, GIVES HOME ADDRESS.
Steve couldn’t stop wondering what had happened. Or what would happen, he supposed. Provided that their future selves’ very presence hadn’t sent their timeline spiraling off into an alternate universe. He withheld himself from asking, though; it wasn’t like they needed more opportunity to mess their world up.
“It’s fine,” Steve told him exasperatedly. “It healed two weeks ago. How’s your back? Still bruised?”
Thor couldn’t explain it, but he felt the jagged edges that all the death and mistrust had cut into their relationship begin to smooth over.
Thor blinked away purple flames and gushing blood and discovered that Loki was now standing less than three feet from him, wearing an expression that on anyone else would have been
Steve first noticed the tension between their future selves right around then—the first day, really, of what would hopefully be less than seven. Namely, the high concentration of it.
Tony wasn’t sure what Rogers had said to Steve that had made him turn such an unhealthy shade of white, but there obviously wasn’t any time for him to be asking questions. Other-Thor frowned (and damn if he hadn’t aged a bit, even though he looked the most different out of all of them) and tapped something on his wrist. “One minute,” He warned, and Rogers stepped away.
Stark’s breathing was hitching, unsteady, and Rogers still wasn’t moving and Steve was frozen and Stark was still talking.
strangled, thank you very much, U and Butterfingers still swiveled to stare at him for a moment. “DUM-E. Hi, DUM-E.” The bot half-swiveled to face Tony, momentarily forgetting his game. The dunce cap had become lopsided sometime during the past few hours. “How did you get that cap on your head? You earned it.”
“It’s okay, Clint,” Steve said, not sure exactly how much the archer could hear. “It’s not your fault.”
Well that was certainly a way to dissuade someone, Tony supposed. Pierce looked unsettled for the first time since Tony had met him.
Tony flipped over the file, and the black Sharpie that had bled through the thin paper gave him the final clue he needed. Rhodey was in Pakistan for a reason that Tony couldn’t fathom, and he ignored the distant pain in his chest because the last time Tony had died, Rhodey hadn’t rested until he found Tony, and this time he was flying missions for the Air Force.
Bucky began eyeing him less like he was going to blow his brains out and more like he was starting to realize that Tony was a maniac. Exactly the effect he was going for.
I was upset when I first learned what happened. But after I had a chance to think it through…” he held up his hands in a
“I don’t know,” Steve admitted. “I don’t really have… a place. An apartment. Belongings. You know, things that normal people usually have.”
Steve’s expression twisted. “If that’s true, and they’re stuck here… what happens once we reach their point in our future?”
(the sixth hadn’t gotten a shadow, because he was left alone in empty space with no air to breathe, to scream, because he deserved to go to hell anyways)
“Please tell me nobody kissed me,” Stark breathed out, straining to move his arms in the locked joints and obviously not listening to Thor. Steve’s attention was torn between what Thor was saying in his ear and what Stark was complaining about.
Steve mounted his motorbike, and Tony stepped into the armor. “Catch you on the other side,” Steve told him, and Tony gasped.
“Tony!” A voice insisted, and Tony shot awake just in time to see the Mark 42 come silently behind Steve, who was crouched in front of Tony, shaking his shoulder, and reach for him.
The Avengers had taken to calling Stark and Rogers “the Couple.” Everyone thought it was funny but Tony and Steve.
“It wasn’t his fault,” Tony told Steve, realizing that he’d zoned out. “I’ve had a lot of time to think about it. And a lot of therapeutic destruction. It was HYDRA.”
Contrary to what most people thought, Thor was not stupid by any measure. Loki was the trickster, the one who could turn circles around you with a few well-placed words, but Thor was fully capable of reaching a conclusion that was, most of the time, invariably correct. So it was impossible for him to be blind to this particular conclusion.
He grabbed another guy with his only remaining hand, but his new arm-guy lost grip on the next. “Come on, come on, come on,” Tony chanted, and he knew he wasn’t helping, but seriously, “
“Mr. Stark discovered a secret door leading down to a lower level of this fortress,” JARVIS reported immediately. “He made his way down, but the Iron Man suit is still on the upper level, except for the left arm. I cannot pinpoint what hostiles may be down there—”
The next day, it was over. The good or bad thing began with a mistake and ended with Thor. Tony was sure of that now.
“I need to get back to Asgard,” Thor continued. “Something my future self said… I believe there are clues that I’ve missed.”
“I’m not as stupid as you make me out to be, Loki,” Thor said, and though he meant it to sound accusatory, he just sounded tired. “I knew something was wrong as soon as you let me leave Asgard without a fight.”
Thor’s news, even though Tony had known it was coming, made him so sick with dread that he felt it crawl up from his stomach and wrap claws around his lungs. Someone had a foot on his chest and was pressing down, and there was
Rogers slapped a hand over Stark’s mouth so fast that Steve blinked. Stark’s eyes flashed with vicious fury, and he shoved both hands so hard into Rogers’s chest that the soldier took several stumbling steps backwards. Stark deliberately wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and stormed away.
yeah, I am aware that it is July and it's been almost 6 months since I last updated. my sincere apologies. my mental health took a downturn in quarantine and i lost my ability to write for the entire months of april and most of may. despite that, i am sorry that it took so long for this chapter to come out. thank you SO MUCH to EVERYONE who left comments during this time, because you all are so kind and supportive and they almost made me cry. <3
“I’ve been having visions,” Thor admitted. “Dreams. Death, pain, fear, more death. The future, it’s… not ideal. I’ve been searching for the Stones.”
“As always, a pleasure watching you work, sir.” JARVIS told him dryly, and Tony resisted the urge to flip the camera off.
“Me too,” he said, leaning into Steve. “I was just getting the Tower all fixed up. I mean, we were all in Malibu for a while before the HYDRA thing, and now, it’s obviously, well…” he spread his hands to showcase the obviously-repaired Tower.
“Saw him last night,” Tony said dismissively. “He told me my windows don’t lock. I was on the eighty-first floor, he was just being a smartass.”
Two hours after Steve landed in Washington DC, Steve was in a combat suit, his shield painted black, on a plane somewhere over the Atlantic.
“Steve,” Tony said, sitting up. “I swear to God, don’t worry about it. You’re not ditching anyone. You’re helping Natasha, and trust me, I would
Tony laughed a little, but it didn’t sound happy—there were tear tracks tracing his face. Steve reached out a hand to wipe them away, but his fingers felt thick and clumsy and he totally missed. Tony caught the hand in his own and continued. “Steve, stay with me. Clint, I need evac now—”
As mentioned earlier, Steve “I’m Captain America so listen to me” Rogers issued a hell of a motivational speech to get their heart rates ratcheting up before their big battle. Tony just barely contained his bitterness and settled for pulling a face behind the Captain’s back.
Venom flashed across Stark’s face, but Steve realized that that was only on the surface. Stark was trying his best to hide something: pain. Gut-wrenching, incredible pain.
“No,” Hill interjected briskly. “Launch sequences have already begun. If we tamper with them, well… the weapons are already primed to fire.”
The other Avengers seemed just as affected as Tony had been when he first boarded. Well, except for a few. The raccoon and Nebula strode onto the ship with no hesitation, and Thor and Carol only paused to eye the ship, unimpressed, before climbing aboard. Steve stared up at it, that longing look creeping onto his face, and Tony fought down a pang of whatever feeling that look had evoked once upon a time. He had appreciated Steve’s awe in modern technology for a while. Back when the world was simpler.
Steve knocked the lock free of the door, and knocked the lock free of the secrets that had been hiding in this warehouse for seventy years. Arnim Zola flickered to life on the screens, greeting them smugly by their real names. He hadn’t known Natasha’s birth name was Natalia; he had known that Clint’s was Clinton. He was surprised the archer didn’t shoot the screen on principle.
He had seen men like that in the war; mostly men that they encountered and freed from the POW camps. Like they couldn’t imagine anything except more violence, another stab in the back. He flinched at loud noises, kept a larger-than-necessary distance between himself and the two Asgardian artifacts.
He was shattered glass and jagged metal, and he was a broken suit falling through empty space, watching the sky explode above him and trying to breathe through empty lungs.
“You’ve got it all wrong,” Tony breathed. “She was my best friend. You couldn’t have caught her, she never would’ve let you.”
Steve picked up the cries of protest of the communications workers as they ripped out their earpieces. A moment later, a kid who couldn’t be more than twenty-five opened the door and came face-to-face with Clint’s bow.
They seemed only caught up in screaming, so he figured he’d fill the silence with his own meaningless chatter. “Remember that game called Barrel of Monkeys?” he asked rhetorically. “That’s what we’re gonna do."
There was no sting left in Stark’s words. Steve hadn’t known either of them for very long, and social cues had changed hugely since the 40s, but even he could recognize that Stark was trying his best to avoid breaking down completely.
Pierce’s expression turned mulish and his mouth twisted into a frown. “The Tesseract has been in SHIELD custody for nearly sixty years—”
But Natasha was still shaking a half-catatonic Thor, who was muttering to himself and clutching his hands to his chest. If the witch had done that to an alien god, then…
Tony primed the jet with a push of a button on his phone, and called the suit with another. It took the team ten minutes to change into their combat outfits, so he and Bruce sat by the plane playing twenty questions.
“The wall to your left,” JARVIS said after a moment, the suit bent over the flashing monitors. “I’m reading steel reinforcement, and an air current.”
“We’ve got two prisoners here,” Natasha said breezily. “Enhanced. Prep the cuffs, please? I’m pretty sure they’ll stay out the whole trip, but just in case.”
Natasha shifted under him and groaned a little, and as though he had been struck by a bolt of lightning, he remembered.
This Thor had short-cropped hair and wore fighting leathers that covered only his left arm instead of the heavy metal armor. He didn’t have any weapon on him (the hammer was a conspicuous absence on his hip), but Steve did notice a fragment of shattered metal on a thin chain around his neck. The right side of his face was ravaged with scars, and an eyepatch covered his right eye.
Red-hot pain tore through Steve’s thigh before he could respond, and his leg buckled before he could stop himself. Bucky was up on his feet, a wild look in his eye, pistol aimed at Steve. He pulled his shield off his back and onto his arm with one quick movement, crouching behind it. Three more bullets pinged off of it before Bucky gave up. Steve knew that the gun held 8 rounds, and Bucky had used four already. He’d have to bait him into using all of them before he could access the panel.
“Sokovian nationals,” JARVIS reported. “They volunteered for Strucker’s experiments after their house was destroyed by local insurgents. Their parents were killed in the explosion.”
They lost Sam halfway through, but when Steve managed to get to his feet, Bucky was holding a grenade launcher. Steve shoved Natasha out of the way and took it square on the shield.
“Well, you have to tell me where you’ve sent Father,” Thor said easily. “And then I’ll consider letting you
“Nah,” Natasha said easily, leaning back further into her seat. “I wiped them from all of SHIELD’s computers and stole the hard drive.”
Tony wanted to shout. There was no way either of them could have broken the cage that had once held Loki. How could this little witchling have done it?
thank you so much guys!!! i LOVE hearing from you guys, so please leave comments down below on whatever you want! next chapter coming out ASAP!!!
“You think I don’t have extra suits in hidden places?” Steve ducked as a camera swiveled suddenly to face him, grateful for the muted colors of his stealth suit. “Besides, the red, white, and blue is a little much for this situation.”
“Yes, well neither have I, but when I asked our real Father about her, he turned white and fell into the Odinsleep.”
“Great,” Tony groaned, draping an arm over his eyes. “I love dealing with my vengeful robot children. I should do this more often.”
“I thought that was always the plan,” Steve admitted, shifting his broad shoulders so they brushed against Tony’s. He felt heat rise back into his cheeks and firmly pictured Senator Stern in his birthday suit to make the blush fade.
As it turned out, Wanda’s mind powers extended to brain damage and mental triggers put in place by evil Russian scientists. Both of the Maximoffs had settled very nicely into the superhero life after a year of living with the Avengers, and three months of fighting with them. They had lost the starved animal look and gained a new confidence in the way they stepped, in the set of their shoulders. Wanda still dressed in black and red, Pietro in blue and white, and they were opposite sides of a coin, and Tony feared the day when one of them lost the other.
“I promise you, that’s just a mask. Just… take the time to get to know him. I promise, it’s worth your while. I know he can be difficult. Kind of arrogant. Tony Stark is a lot of things, but—”
Natasha’s jaw was set, and Clint was balanced on the balls of his feet. Guns at Natasha’s hips, bow at Clint’s back. It made Steve feel a little better.
He felt panic bubble up from his stomach and fill his lungs at that. He was going to be stuck in 2012. He was going to be stuck in a world where all of the relationships he’d developed were moot; a world where Tony Stark, the
Stormbreaker still connected, but it tore a gash in Thanos’s side rather than killing him. Nebula screamed a challenge, and from there Tony’s memory got a little fuzzy.
“Clint,” Steve breathed, hurrying over and ignoring the way his sneakers scraped unpleasantly on the concrete. “Clint, hey, are you okay?”
Thor’s expression flickered for a moment, but he showed the metal fragment that Steve had noticed earlier. “Thanos destroyed Stormbreaker,” he reported, which answered exactly none of Steve’s questions, “but Bruce managed to figure out a way to use the Stones in a way that mimicked how Thanos used it. All he needed was a transdimensional push, and even though the Bifrost is—” Here he faltered, and cast a glance at his alternate.
“‘m glad you’re not dead,” Steve managed. Tony ripped off his gauntlets, and his hands were warm on Steve’s face. “Missed you.”
clapping his hands together in apparent mirth, although the smile didn’t get close to reaching his eyes.
Bruce didn’t look convinced, but he had released the cuffs of his sweater from their stranglehold. Most of his nervous energy seemed to have drained right out of him through Thor’s contact.
I'm not even going to try and explain how long this took, so I'm just gonna post this and say that I have no idea when the next chapter is coming out. Hopefully sooner than this one took. Life has taken a TURN, let me say.
Sam, much to his chagrin, had been left behind in New York for this mission. The Falcon wings had been damaged in their last fight, and Tony hadn’t had a chance to repair them to the point where he was sure they wouldn’t explode upon use. Instead, he was working with JARVIS to scour paper and digital documents for signs of Bucky.
Quietly, Tony and Natasha, who had joined them, retreated from their reunion. “You didn’t seem very surprised,” she remarked drily.
“You really decided to take a swan-dive when you realized I was here?” a teasing voice asked in his ear, and yes, he must be hallucinating, because—
Killian slammed brutally into his back, turning the metal along Tony’s spine molten hot. He yelped, the repulsors cutting out, and he dropped like a stone. “Eject!” he managed, and the suit split itself open and let him fall just as Killian plunged a glowing fist straight through the arc reactor slot of the armor.
“There is no sign of negative im–im–impact on surrounding buildings,” JARVIS reported, his voice jamming for a moment. “It appears that Wanda Maximoff is only determined to destabilize the Tower.”
“Oh, and this next bit might include the vice president as well,” Trevor said cheerfully. “Is that… is that important?”
Then the Gauntlet was pointed at Steve’s prone form, and Tony’s mind flew from his helmet and went right to Steve. He had just gotten his arms around him (to get him to safety, to
Steve looked over at the girl, studied her delicate features. And at the same time, he and Tony said, “I recognize her.”
“Make sure that gets filed through Nick Fury,” Stark snapped over comms, his voice perfectly clear now. “Don’t let it drop off the map.”
Two suits later and a few burns later, Killian had his arm in a death grip, staring gleefully with glowing orange eyes, dragon tattoos fully exposed. “Here we are, on the roof,” he said, as though there were just meeting back up after Tony took a raincheck on their first meeting. He refrained from saying so, however, when Killian’s expression turned mutinous in the blink of an eye, and he raised a white-hot hand.
Honestly, Tony didn’t really have an answer for him. Bruce’s helpless expression betrayed his uncertainty too. Steve let out a deep sigh.
things would go his way. He had so much to do: he had to stop Killian’s plot to take over the modern world, had to save Pepper, had to tear HYDRA out from SHIELD, had to make sure Steve was okay,
Loki searched Thor’s eyes for a moment, and it seemed monumental even though it lasted a mere second. Like Loki was seeing something that Thor never had, never could.“Why now?”
When Tony crash-landed in the middle of nowhere, Tennessee, he left two voicemails. The first was to Pepper, confirming that he was alive and apologizing for putting her in harm’s way.
Even though he was the one who had initiated the kiss, Steve’s brain shut down. Tony was initially frozen against him, his lips tangy with licked-away blood, but he relaxed after a moment, his mouth molding to Steve’s.
Thor opened his mouth to argue, but over the comms, Stark’s voice came through faintly. “Steve, what about—Vision won’t—of—” Tony wasn’t sure what that had to do with any sort of eyesight, but Rogers sighed heavily. “Thor, let them take it. Just make sure Fury knows about it.”
“Thor will take the Tesseract,” Tony interrupted easily. “And the Scepter, too, I assume…? It was Loki’s, so alien, and he’s alien.”
Tony managed to restrain himself from addressing JARVIS again until he was in the safety of his lab. Then, of course, as excited as a little kid on Christmas morning, he burst out, “Well?”
“There,” Clint pointed out, gesturing at a grate built into the concrete. The beeping from Natasha’s phone grew louder, more frantic, as her gaze caught on one of the monitors. “Hop in.”
They reached the entryway, pressing themselves to either side. “Coming in hot,” Natasha hissed over the line. “Thirty seconds.”
“I require the Tesseract,” Thor said smoothly before Tony could open his mouth. “It belongs on Asgard, and besides, there is no other way for me to return to my home without it.”
There was a code green, because of course there was. Tony’s heart ached for Bruce, the man who had only wanted to do good and thought that
Uneasiness ran from Tony’s chest all the way down to his toes. There was absolutely zero way that he wanted
He tried to roll into a good landing, but his leg protested fiercely and then gave way. He ended up sprawled awkwardly along the glass bottom, practically a walking red-white-and-blue target, with a clear view of the ocean starting to become sprinkled with glaciers.
Clint was right. None of the information that Zola had so far divulged wasn’t anything new. The problem that they were supposed to be solving was that they didn’t know what Project Insight
out of time. He dove for the grate, covering Natasha with his body and then his shield. Even though the roar of the missile, he heard Clint’s boots skid on the concrete as he hopefully dove for cover.
He managed to squeeze himself into a gap between the refrigerator and the counter, which Steve found impressive despite himself. Just in the nick of time, too—Stark stormed past him, muttering to himself. His hands were shaking.
The repulsors on the beat-up suit that Tony was wearing (why was it half-destroyed, what had Tony been doing) sputtered a few times as they landed on one of the helicarriers that didn’t seem to have anyone on it.
Then, just as the portal curled in on itself and collapsed, two more foreign figures appeared. It seemed like they’d had momentum before entering, because one, glinting in the sun, shot straight horizontally and the other, not propelled as far, was sent hurtling diagonally from the portal site. Even with his serum-enhanced vision, Steve couldn’t make out any exact details but for their humanoid shapes.
“That’s classic.” Stark’s hands were shaking, Steve noted. Unnoticed by both Stark and Rogers, Tony and Natasha (who had apparently arrived sometime during the night) crept into the room. Tony’s eyes were wide as he stared incredulously at his future self. “Why, oh why, would I keep secrets from you? Wouldn’t that be so hypocritical of me? Well, actually, I’m sure that serum helped your brain
“Yeah,” Tony said absently, because he was already absorbed in the scene in front of him. “Yeah, I got… something bigger.”
“Are you okay?” Tony asked, and Thor was glad it was him and no one else, because he was the only other one who had felt her claws tear into his skull. “I know she’s kind of brutal, and—”
Stark put both hands over his face, and Rogers rolled his eyes so hard that Steve was almost afraid he’d lose them somewhere back there. “This
“Captain Rogers, Agent Romanoff, and Agent Barton have been declared fugitives of SHIELD. Director Fury has also been killed in action.”
On day eight of seven, when Tony no longer felt like his head was going to combust with his pure, unadulterated fury towards his Steve, they were too late. The Scepter was gone, confiscated, out of their reach. Tony was loath to argue with Pierce and Rumlow, especially with their affinity towards many-headed organizations that tended to blow up whoever got in their way. Thor had agreed to stay in the Tower for a little while longer for them to continue using the Tesseract, but without the Mind Stone, the cause was practically lost. Tony was going to be stuck in 2012 for the rest of his life.
The Hulk snarled up at the top of Stark Tower, bunched his legs, and leaped straight up. He landed on the balcony where Loki and Thor had been fighting and disappeared. If Loki had gotten back up, he’d be in for a nasty surprise.
The elevator moved unusually fast: much faster than was legal, Tony was sure, but things like building codes had never fazed neither him nor JARVIS. The five people crammed in the elevator were unusual, too, and they could all endure a little bit of whiplash.
The garage he broke into was apparently the domain of an angry chipmunk named Harley, and Tony asked for a watch and a tuna fish sandwich when all he wanted was to go home. He got a limited edition Dora the Explorer watch and no sandwich, instead, which wasn’t bad for the middle of nowhere in Tennessee.
“You’re zip-tied to a bed,” he told Tony as if he didn’t know that already, and then the gauntlet closed over his fist.
“The rest of the Stones,” Thor said, feeling like something was sitting on his tongue, twisting it, coating his throat in broken glass and ice. “The Orb. The Eye. The cliffs…”
Clint was right. Fury missing something that important was as likely as the sun not rising in the morning.
Steve aimed puppy-dog eyes at him, and Tony rued the fact that he caved almost immediately. “Fine,” he groaned. “I’m getting old anyway. Old people go to bed early, right?”
and subtlety and anonymity, and Tony was only half-listening, too preoccupied with shooting Maya pleading glances from across the room.
“It was real,” Thor said, totally certain. “I’m not certain that it would have been real for you, but the fragment of the Stone inside her reacted… poorly with my energy.”
“I’m married with kids,” Clint repeated, then giggled a little. It seemed like the painkillers were still wearing off, but then again, Tony wasn’t 100% sure this wasn’t entirely a hallucination. “Laura n’ Cooper n’ Lila."
“There are twelve HYDRA cells stationed all across South America, Eastern Europe, and northern Russia that have the potential to host the Scepter,” JARVIS recounted. “I would recommend that you move immediately to prevent HYDRA from moving the weapon to another location.”
“Why are you coming here now?” he clarified. “Where’ve you been? I keep half an eye on Midgard just in case something weird happens, you know those humans—”
Stark was a whole different box to unpack. He was skittish, quiet, while Tony was abrasive and loud. His words were bitterer than even Rogers’s, and if certain topics were brought up, especially by Rogers, his eyes would flash with such utter malice that Steve and Rogers would take a step back. His arc reactor was a different shape, protruding more than the circular one that Tony wore, and whenever Rogers stood close, he curled one hand towards it. Steve could have seen that as a move to protect the cracked ribs that Bruce had wrapped, but the only place that Stark ever protected was his chest, not his torso.
Rogers smiled a little, and God, it was still disconcerting to see his own face forming expressions that weren’t his own. “Fair enough,” He conceded.
“The power source is questionable at best. I’m unsure that it will succeed at revitalizing the Mark 42.”
“Captain Rogers has gone on somewhat of a mission to take down the helicarriers, and I’m afraid that they’re already gone. He’s still onboard.”
Sam screamed, and pressed his foot harder on the gas. Natasha got a grip on her gun and started firing through the roof, and there was a telltale
Right as it shrank into nothing, the portal contorted and flashed a mixture of blue, yellow, and green, and the Iron Man suit tumbled out of thin air.
“Yeah, whatever.” Tony lined up the injector as best he could with the patience he had, which was an impressive second and a half. He pressed down and bit back a yelp, shaking his hand out in a futile attempt to get rid of the pain.
“Tony,” Rogers said softly, rising to his feet. Stark was wiping futilely at his eyes, but his hands were shaking so badly that he was just smearing the tears down his cheeks.
He refused to think about their future selves’ relationship. He wouldn’t. He and Steve had done nothing but fight this whole time. Getting along was a goal that would probably never be reached.
“And it was on Asgard for more than a thousand,” Thor interrupted, a storm edging his voice. “Do not presume to think that sixty years is a long time, human. I was alive when your ancestors had not been born.”
The look in his eyes gave it away for Steve. It took a few days for him to notice—day four of seven, what had to be seven before they exploded—, but once he did, it was unmistakable. The steely look in his alternate’s eyes, the constant set of his shoulders like he was expecting to be hit from behind, the way his jaw set whenever Stark spoke or whenever their future was brought up.
“Top half of the Tower’s pretty damaged, but the ground floors are still outfitted with apartments and the works. I mean, if you want.”
“Seriously, Steve,” Natasha said, pacing beside him as she unbuckled her parachute. “If you asked him, he’d probably say yes. He let you in his workshop, and trust me,
The conversation with Pepper wasn’t particularly enlightening. She could obviously tell that Tony hadn’t slept much, demonstrated by her lack of paperwork presented for him to sign despite the stuffed briefcase she was carrying. She just asked him if he was still up for dinner—strictly as friends, dating never would’ve worked for them anyway—and he said yes.
He still wasn’t sure what exactly was going on: something about a man named Batroc, data files implicating more Hydra agents still hiding inside of SHIELD, and Agent Sitwell. Natasha had caught him jogging around the reflecting pool, teasing a pararescue vet named Sam Wilson, and dragged him along with her.
As for the second.... well, Tony was a little disappointed that Steve didn’t pick up his phone, but there was at least a 50% chance that he’d shattered it after the call had disconnected.
Tony jerked his wrists again, heedless of the pain and the new blood dripping down his wrists. Killian rose to his feet. “We haven’t even talked salary yet!” he exclaimed, then, in a sudden mood swing that Tony hadn’t anticipated, he wrapped a glowing hand around Tony’s throat.
“Be careful,” he warned once more, and that caused Tony to wonder what cryptic message their alternates had gifted Steve. All Stark had said to him was a vague piece of advice to keep an eye on UN legislation and the name of a good therapist (and come on, Tony didn’t need
“Sir, Alexander Pierce has taken control of SHIELD and has reactivated Project Insight,” JARVIS continued. “It appears that the helicarriers will be launched in approximately twelve hours.”
“All right, settle down,” Steve called in his Captain voice. “We’re gonna go over an entry plan. We’ve got the element of surprise. Let’s use it.
“Sorry,” he said quietly, and then he cursed himself. He dredged deep within himself for the old, confident Thor, the one who hadn’t been beaten down by the future and the knowledge of his family’s death, his own brutal injuries, the destruction of trillions, the one who stood strong and tall and arrogant and shone brightly before Loki’s shadow. Where had he gone?
Where had Tony seen that? It was a dream—a nightmare—but there was something to it, a tinge of red and green and gold—
“I cleared this one out before I found you,” Tony said quietly, as though he were reading Steve’s thoughts.
There was a blur from outside of the building, and Steve recognized the jets of the fragments of the Mark 42. He breathed a sigh of relief as one helicopter tipped on its side and careened downwards toward the ocean after a piano came hurtling out from the wreckage. Another helicopter was blown from the sky, and for a moment, Steve felt hope—Tony could manage these helicopters no problem.
He found the Iron Man suit in pieces, sparks flying everywhere from its torn joints, and an obvious gap in the wall. “Thor,” he said softly, pressing his body to the wall and peeking around the corner. “What’s your status?”
Odin’s expression wavered, and then melted away, leaving Loki lounging in his place. “Are you trying to tell me you’re not angry?”
Then, even though Tony Stark has been deposited on the cracked pavement by the Hulk, Steve caught the unmistakable whine of Iron Man’s repulsors as one of the objects in the sky caught the other and shot up into the sky.
Steve shifted on his feet and realized that he didn’t actually have a reason to be in there. He fumbled for words for a moment before settling on: “I was wondering if you were busy.” That was a lie, but he did want to have a conversation with his future self at some point. “I think we’re the only non-geniuses in the Tower right now.”
“I don’t want you to feel like I’m ditching you—um, and the Avengers—for Bucky,” Steve got out in a rush. “It’s just…”
He charged, and seriously considered attempting to deck Killian right where he stood. A voice that sounded like a combination of Pepper and Steve whispered in his head,
His wrists ached, and there was blood running into his mouth. Maya insisted that she hadn’t done anything wrong, that she was close to fixing Extremis, and Tony knew she was wrong, because he had been in her place. He could tell she was affected by what he had said to her, but Killian came instead.
“Huh.” Tony scooched himself over to the nearest monitor and tapped it awake. “Where’d Fury stick that thing, anyway? He put that tracker on it because of the whole HYDRA thing, can you access that?”
“How close are you?” Steve asked. “Extraction is T-minus two minutes. Clint already has Sitwell in custody.”
“You couldn’t save the President with the suit, how are we gonna save Pepper with nothing?” he demanded.
“Peachy,” Tony managed, trying to ignore the rising panic in his throat as he thought about the aliens that he had seen in the portal, trying to articulate them with the one that had (or would) destroy half of the universe and take everything from him.
took in the Chitauri leviathan hanging above their heads. Its beady eyes had apparently remained intact despite the Hulk’s best efforts, and it lorded over them like it knew something they didn’t.
Stark had said. Steve hadn’t decided to take that at face value until right now. Steve decided not to press, but his expression must have been giving his curiosity away, because Rogers’ gaze softened.
“But he’s down here,” Steve protested as the Hulk roared in Stark’s face, startling him into waking with a shout. “How could—”
“While this is all well and good,” Fury interrupted, rising to his feet. “I believe we had an infestation to clear out.”
Rogers had clearly made some sort of expression, because Stark muttered, “This is fucking typical. Typical, Rogers.”
Chunky-monkey stared up at them, his teeth bared, ready to scream again. “Hello,” Tony told him, and then they all connected
“Thor’s right,” Tony said when he realized he hadn’t actually said anything in a few minutes. “We ticked off two bases already. By the time HYDRA realizes what’s going on, it’ll be too late.”
Thor was pretty sure Skurge was still talking, but Thor whirled Mjolnir and set off towards the palace in the distance.
“She’s bleeding out!” Clint insisted desperately. “Come on, even though you’re HYDRA shitbags doesn’t mean you’re going to let the Black Widow bleed out, come
Steve smiled at Tony, albeit a little sadly. “Look, I don’t know what happened between our future selves. I don’t think I want to. But I think…” Steve rose to his feet. Tony felt a crushing pang of rejection before Steve said, “I think I’d like to be friends anyway.”
“What’s the plan, Steve?” Bruce asked quietly. He was still wearing the ratty sweater from the mission, and there was still blood crusted in Natasha’s hairline. None of them were ready for a fight.
“I get that,” he said instead of arguing. “I wouldn’t want to be the one to doom the entire universe.”
The familiar pit opened in Steve’s stomach. He twisted his mouth in thought. “I know he can get better,” he settled on. “I was told so. And they’re definitely going to send him to defend the helicarriers to try and distract me. I’ll try my best to get him into custody, but…” he sighed heavily, and the words stuck in his throat as they came out. “I can’t let him override my judgement. If it comes to millions of innocents or him, there’s no contest.”
Thor frowned, shook off the arm that Natasha was using to keep him against the wall, and stepped into the open, raising his hands as he did so. “We mean you no harm,” he rumbled. “We merely wish to understand you.”
“Attention, all SHIELD agents,” he began. “This is Steve Rogers. You've heard a lot about me over the last few days…”
was his version of good, but nonetheless, the Hulk was a huge help. He ripped antiaircraft missiles from the sky before they hit Thor and Tony, destroyed entire phalanxes before they reached Clint and Natasha, and picked up tanks and threw them at Steve’s pursuers like toys.
Tony sprinted. It was awkward running with his hands behind him, but he managed, he had to manage. A gunshot rang out, shattering the shop window behind him, and Tony ducked behind the trunk of a car with some hillbilly lying flat on the ground.
After the rest of the armor arrived, JARVIS highlighted War Machine jetting into the sky away from him. Tony tried to fly after who he hoped was Rhodey, but his repulsors sputtered pathetically and died. “Aw, crap.”
Simultaneously, Natasha and Clint recited, “Teammate in danger of lethal and possible fatal injury.”
The skylight shattered, and a metal arm yanked Sitwell out of the car right into the path of heavy traffic.
Rogers’ cheeks were starting to turn pink, and Steve realized that his tells hadn’t changed in the years that had passed. He was getting defensive.
SHIELD came to the Tower, Alexander Pierce and Brock Rumlow heading the entourage. Natasha stood directly behind them, arms crossed, looking pissed off. Clint was nowhere to be found.
Tony’s happy expression dropped suddenly, like Steve had told him his new puppy died. He sighed, leaning against the cell wall. “She was trying to show me something,” he said, rare uncertainty leaking into his tone. “I think. There were—flashes. Space. The Chitauri. But it was mostly just pain. I think… I think they’re new to this whole thing. I mean, did you see the way the speedster was running?”
Thor told them that he was leaving the day after. The six of them gathered together on the couches, watching him apprehensively. He had been looking unwell for days, like the weight of the world was resting on his shoulders and dragging him down. “I asked the young witch to return me to my dream,” he rumbled. “And I know what I saw. Thanos is moving.”
“Steve, I gotta say it up front… I dunno what I’m doing here. Oh, um, yeah, I’m alive. Sorry about the whole… phone call thing, I wasn’t really expecting it to go down like that. But really. I don’t—um. This is a mess.
No one tried to stop him as he swept through the royal palace. He recognized a few dutches and foreign dignitaries, and offered his best nod, but he was fairly certain that his expression was certainly living up to his title at the moment.
“There will be SHIELD personnel everywhere,” Steve disagreed, immediately dismissing the idea. “Plus, that kind of collateral… three helicarriers in the Potomac would be hell to clean up.”
“We nearly got the Gauntlet off him. I drew his blood and he threw a moon at my face. Thor absorbed the power of a neutron star. You know how hot that is, Rogers? It’s pretty damn hot,” Stark said without waiting for a response. “And what did you do?
It seemed like Shakespeare was gone, then. Stark laughed and said, “Good to see you, big guy.” Then Thor stepped forwards, out of the shadowed alleyway, and Steve’s heart clenched painfully.
Tony’s head moved a little when Steve exhaled. “I don’t know,” he admitted. “We do have to get the Scepter back, because they were so specific about it. And the thing with Barnes, my parents…”
“The Infinity Stones have been lost to time,” Thor countered. “The only one here is the Tesseract, and there’s no possibility—”
To his teammates’ credit, none of them acted like anything was amiss. Bruce had already been setting the table with two extra settings just in case the twins ever decided to venture upstairs, so Clint helpfully scooched his chair in to allow them past before cheerfully returning to his attempt to coerce Thor into letting him attach Mjolnir to an arrow and “see what happens.”
And now he was standing in the ruined streets of New York City, staring up at a portal to the other end of the universe and waiting
“So, you and Stark still orbiting each other, or are you finally going to make a move?” she asked, buckling her parachute into place. “When we were living in the Tower, you blushed every time Stark came within a five-foot radius.” Clint snorted a laugh behind her, his quiver already slotted in place below the chute.
“I must have called it in my sleep,” Tony said, pulling excuses out of thin air. Steve smiled at him, and he kept
Pilfered oranges and back-alley fights rang in Steve’s head. His throat was numb with the screams that he was swallowing. His eyes stayed dry.
“JARVIS?” Tony asked softly, and he heard the telltale click that meant that JARVIS had focused his attention on the area. Tony suspected that JARVIS only did that to humor him.
“Relax, Steve,” Natasha chided, as though sensing his train of thought through the comms. “Fury hired these pirates. They’re on strictly no-kill orders.”
Natasha pulled her shirt back on, the medic having finished his work, and looked Steve square in the face. “What about the Sol—Bucky?”
Tony shrugged at her, not apologetic in the least. “Sorry if I downplayed the importance of my AI that could end the world if someone got a hold of it.”
“Right,” Natasha said idly. She was staring at a security feed of their future selves in the spare lab that Tony had given them. They were holding hands. “Agreeing on something.”
She didn’t seem to take comfort in the Iron Man hug, instead, she continued to scream. “Slow down. Slow down, relax. What’s your name? Heather?”
“Just…” Tony hugged one knee to his chest and rested his chin on top of it. “Look after them, okay? Don’t… don’t let them fall apart.”
Thor was standing in the alleyway that the Bifrost had landed on, arms crossed, leaning against a wall. When he caught sight of Stark and Rogers, he stood straight and announced, “You two have got to be some of the biggest idiots I’ve ever met. And I lived with—I’ve met a lot of idiots.”
By the time Steve distracted him,Tony had determined that Bruce was thinking of a diatomic element with an atomic number higher than eight, which left fluorine, iodine—
Seeming to sensing his reminiscence, Wanda leveled red-tinted eyes at him. “If you refuse, I could just kill you.”
Thor winced. “I believe we have been inadvertently making it easier for him to collect the Stones. In the entire universe, four of the six Infinity Stones have been here in the past year. Two of them are still present.”
that Tony had ruined his plans. “I was going to come upstairs in the morning, through the lobby, but I wanted to reconnoiter first. And your windows don’t lock.”
“I never thought people had been hurt,” Trevor said in a surprisingly coherent manner. “They lied to me.”
“We have an enhanced in the field,” Steve said faintly over the comm line that Tony had turned down. Tony ignored this—he had to, before he lost it entirely.
Steve still wasn’t sure how the hell Fury had survived, still wasn’t sure how the hell he’d ended up in a secret SHIELD bunker, plotting the downfall of HYDRA, but here he was.
“Some of you were even ordered to hunt me down,” he continued after a slightly-too-long moment. “But I think it’s time you know the truth. SHIELD is not what we thought it was… it’s been taken over by HYDRA. Alexander Pierce is their leader.”
Tony had obviously moved the phone away from his face, yelling at Pepper, who had to be some distance away. Steve faintly heard a reply, most likely something snappy, and Tony sighed.
Once, the day after their arrival—day two of seven, Steve supposed—, late at night, Steve almost walked into the room in the middle of a hissed argument that the two were having in the kitchen. He halted in the doorway, and almost turned around, until he heard Stark demand, “You
Tony sent himself bodily through the window, because he had to get them away from these people; he had brought them here, it was
it. “However, I am operating on limited scans of the Mind Stone, as we only had it on premises for roughly a week and our attentions were focused elsewhere at the time."
Tony sat up, looking Steve square in the eyes. “Steve,” he said firmly, taking both of his hands. “Believe me when I say this: I understand how important he is to you. And I understand that HYDRA tortured him until he forgot himself. So I want to help. Both for his sake, and mine, and to tell HYDRA to go fuck itself.”
Stark stressed, pulling one hand out of his pocket to gesture at Steve. “Is that I have been warning you about this happening for years and then
“Then you must know what is coming,” Zola said smugly, regaining some of his composure. “Why do you sit idly here whilst the Soldier has already been activated and our project has reached completion?”
Their fight was destructive, scrambling, and Tony almost brained himself on four different countertops. Dora the Explorer hissed about cheap tricks and cheesy one-liners, and Tony thought about how accurate that was. That was all he was, really; he blew things up in a flashy suit, said something clever, and pretended he was a hero.
Bucky started, his eyes like moons. “But it was,” he countered stubbornly. “I caused their car to crash, I bashed Howard’s head in, strangled your mother, they were my hands and I
None of the Avengers confronted that possibility. And wasn’t that disconcerting—the fact that he was seeing Natasha, her trust issues still cut deep into her soul and to whom family was a foreign term; Clint, whose family wasn’t dead yet, whose mind was ravaged by Loki and yet still stood strong; Bruce, whose eyes were so afraid and so ready to run that it hurt Tony’s heart; Thor, still fresh-eyed and optimistic and untouched by the grief of burned worlds and broken bodies that weighed down his shoulders; Steve, still lost in this new century yet terribly, horribly naive and oblivious about his feelings; Tony himself, his heart hurting and aching and his mind singing with panic and fear and not-yet-realized PTSD from a mushroom cloud in distant space and the realization that
The Iron Man armor scraped along the pavement, and Tony tried his best to keep it safe in the snow. It felt like saying goodbye to an old friend, an aching old wound and an old shoebox full of photographs. The line beeped when it disconnected.
“I am proven to be quite effective when it comes to forcing Mr. Stark to leave the lab,” JARVIS answered affably. “This includes occasionally activating sprinklers at the slightest sign of smoke, just to ensure his safety.”
Natasha frowned down at her hands, then looked over at the girl, crumpled next to the boy—Pietro. “How do you know it was real?”
“Just hear me out,” he said. “The carriers launch. We infiltrate them and plant the chips that Fury’s got. But instead of them just shooting each other… what if they just fly away?”
Chad Davis’s mother, sitting alone at the bar, shoulders tense, was Tony’s only option. She spun dog tags between her fingers, showed him a file with MIA printed in the corner, before his arms were twisted behind his back by Homeland Security. The woman who had liked his watch’s veins glowed orange. The sheriff screamed when she burned him alive.
Sometimes Tony thought they would be okay. Like in moments like these, or when they all sat around a table together, laughing until their sides cramped, or when they got shipped into the middle of the Atlantic to fight a mutated squid and Sam and Pietro took turns telling bad calamari jokes.
“No,” Steve said softly, feeling a tinge of amusement as he glimpsed Thor begin to rouse as well. “You both got whammied.”
“Got incoming, Cap,” Clint warned, but Steve ignored him. He carefully shifted his shield to expose part of his side, and jerked it back once he heard the rapid
suspicious entourage. Steve walked with the girl slung limp over his shoulder and Tony’s hand clasped in his free one. Thor, despite not looking at all up for carrying anything lighter than a feather, picked up the boy like it was nothing. Although, come to think of it, he probably weighed less than a feather to Thor. The demigod, too, had his free hand wrapped in Natasha’s free one, but Steve was sure that in this case, it was platonic. Natasha was probably trying to steady Thor in the only way she knew how; Thor seeking comfort in a friend after… whatever he had seen.
“Maybe you’d absorb it and finally get some healthy food into you,” Steve countered even as he went to relinquish the suspicious mix from DUM-E’s clutches.
The two doofus guards that he had warned to leave before he killed them, well, he killed them. Or knocked them out, Tony wasn’t exactly paying close attention to their wellbeing. He angled his gun and his repulsor, and when no more armor arrived, he said to himself, “Where’s the rest?”
Thor pushed open the doors of the throne room like he was always meant to be there, and when Odin saw him, he laughed.
Despite the lack of bulletproof armor, Tony thought he did pretty well. The combination of the repulsors and the semi-automatic worked nicely to take out the however-many armed guards that had come rushing to defend their prized trophy. Tony didn’t much care, he just had to get out, to get to Steve, to Pepper—
Rhodey knocked on the faceplate of the suit, looking worried (terrified), and Tony wasn’t even sure what he said to his best friend before the suit shot away. Shit. He’d apologize later.
“I won’t be able to stay,” Thor said mournfully. “Asgard was sacked in the war against Svartalfheim. I’ve really been gone too long, but…” he shrugged and said nothing more. There was obviously something else, something he wanted to say but couldn’t, but Tony wouldn’t push too soon.
Stones? Steve shifted his weight, trying not to betray his confusion too badly. His double still eyed him knowingly. What were the Infinity Stones?
It was much more disconcerting that Tony was letting on to see his own face, aged years into the future and looking far worse for wear. He had noticed the arc reactor’s change, but he hadn’t asked his double about it. He wasn’t really sure he wanted to know.
Natasha’s expression was the opposite. Her mouth drew into a frown that could only be borne of pure, genuine fear.
which means that she was probably trying to do that to me. They look half-starved, too—this can't have been going on long.”
Steve scrambled to his feet, using his shield to shove a concrete slab aside. “Clint!” he screamed. “Hawkeye!
“It still has one more push left in it,” He finished. “But we need to go within the next few minutes before Bruce pulls me back himself. And… I don’t know how much you’ve told them, but Bruce told me that this timeline has already branched into another reality. Our timeline is unchanged.”
“You know what this reminds me of?” Harley asked. Tony didn’t want to hear it, not at all, and he said so, but Harley ignored him.
Frankly, Tony had forgotten about the future Captain America’s insistence on honesty. He wondered where that had come from.
He couldn’t lose this. He’d just lost Tony, and that was an aching wound despite the fact that he’d known the man for only a year. Steve had known Bucky better than he’d known himself. But he had heard the warning of his future self, and this wounded animal kneeling outside wasn’t his friend.
Tony walked Steve all the way to the room that they shared. They didn’t really speak, but then again, they rarely had to: instead, they strolled in companionable silence, waiting for the sounds of Clint’s complaining to fade from earshot. They reached their apartment, but Tony stopped in the doorway.
There was ash in his lungs and blood on his lips and the dead were littered around him and they said—
“Thor’s a highly dangerous alien artifact,” Stark grumbled later. “He’s older than those assholes’ great-great-great-great-grandfathers. Hey, does Fury know they’re H—”
The terrible thing was, they didn’t. Neither did his past self, nor Bruce, nor Jane Foster or Erik Selvig, both of whom were dusted and dead, very, very dead, on his world. Without the Time and Mind Stones, they were screwed.
“That’s enough,” Steve interrupted hastily. He didn’t want to hear his cruel words reflected back at him before he could properly apologize. “Thor, get them to Stark Tower. The top floor. Um, maybe grab Loki first.”
“I’m not really getting that impression.” Steve grunted as he ducked another bullet and knocked another goon out with his shield. He hurled the shield at one more pirate and then paused for a moment as another came up behind him with a machine gun pointed at his torso. An arrow came out of nowhere and caught the man right through the throat.
of the snipers working their ways through the guards, and then he hurled his shield through the window of the control tower. He ducked through the gap a moment later, and Batroc kicked him square in the chest and bolted.
“Already?” Bruce asked, a hint of worry injecting itself into his usually-placid tones. “I thought Thanos didn’t move for years after this.”
“I’ll take you to Father,” Loki said, which was… a pleasant change. Thor had expected to argue and threaten and plead until Loki gave in from annoyance rather than any convincing on Thor’s part. Maybe times
“Please be a secret door, please be a secret door,” Tony pleaded to himself, approaching the wall with both hands outstretched. When he pushed it, it gave way with a grinding complaint. “Yay!”
He shot forwards, pushing the repulsors as hard as they could, and grabbed one of the flight attendants, a screaming woman, in a crushing embrace, jetting further down towards the rest of the unwilling skydivers.
in the fields when they crept up on him. He was still wearing the Gauntlet, but it was blackened and burned, just like the rest of his left arm. Thor was
“Fine, Steve, whatever. Still. We haven’t had much time to regroup, what with our future selves deciding to drop in and destroy our worlds out from under us. So…?”
Tony stuck his earpiece connected to JARVIS as the ship rattled with the force of the explosion. “JARVIS, talk to me. What were you saying about Steve?”
“It makes your butt look good,” Clint offered, and both of them stopped to stare for a moment. “What?”
EDIT: i'm trying to reply to all your comments, but ao3 is really not cooperating with me and my inbox is super glitched out. i'll try to respond ASAP! (it might have to be on my phone eek) thanks for the support!
But then he’d go to sleep, and see the golden glove and purple eyes and the pain. He’d see the drawing pinned to the far wall, violent scratches and terrible death, and he knew better.
“The Mandarin,” Natasha put in, putting a hand over her phone. “No other parties involved, as far as I’ve heard."
“I am,” Thor said, even though he didn’t even know how he felt about it. “I’ve just—come to expect it.”
“He begged me,” Stark repeated blankly. “And I told him it was going to be okay. So you want to know why I’m keeping secrets? That’s why. And you know, we were great for a while. Dating—” Stark choked on the word there, and Steve sat back in his seat.
He grabbed some poor reporter’s phone and told the Mandarin exactly what he was feeling, and listed his address and that he’d leave the door open. He smashed the phone and drove away, cold.
Steve had been doing his best to ignore the white-hot pain and the black creeping into the edges of his vision. But Tony’s words brought it all back to the surface, and he grunted as his leg buckled.
Steve’s ears picked up the hum of quinjet engines, and he nodded, and offered Clint a hand to get to his feet.
“Don’t be obtuse on purpose, it’s… annoying,” Tony told the ceiling, spinning himself in an idle circle in his chair. “The simulations. Any luck? It’s been weeks now, aren’t they finishing up soon?”
“Sir,” JARVIS said quietly, startling Tony despite the AI’s best efforts. “I finished the simulations you requested.”
“She wasn’t mine to begin with,” Tony snarled. “And you’ve got it all wrong. She was already perfect.”
“I’m sorry,” the former assassin said, and it sounded too sincere for something that Tony had done to himself.
Rogers looked pained. “Tony, I was just trying to do what was best for the team. You have to understand that.”
A suit caught him as the floor he’d been standing on burst into a fiery explosion, but he crashed into a supporting carabiner on his way down and went flying, half of the lighter suit coming off him. His back slammed forcefully against the tarmac of the barge, and he mentally rued the bruises that would be arching up his spine the next day.
“Close it,” He ordered resignedly. He could tell that Romanoff had somehow disabled the machine, because the portal began to shrink, collapsing in on itself.
“I’m down,” Clint said. “I mean, I’m out of a job now, so…” There was a general murmur of assent all around the table.
Bruce pulled his glasses off and rubbed his eyes. Tony was feeling about the same. He hadn’t slept in two days, actually, but he was sure that Bruce had pulled something similar. “Slim, I guess. It really just depends on how the simulations I’m running turn out. Realistically, we need a way to replicate the situation in which they were dragged here. Which, with our resources right now…”
“We can use Sitwell’s biometrics to get access to the helicarriers,” Steve said, meeting her eye in the rearview mirror. “We can shut them down from there. If they lose access to the satellites—”
“Nope!” Sam interrupted, shutting his eyes despite the lack of anything inappropriate happening in front of him. “I don’t want to hear it!”
Thor gazed at both of them miserably, and the lightning went out. “Yes,” he said solemnly. “I’m sorry.”
“Why do you even want to find Odin?” Loki asked, sounding like he was about to start picking his nails with a knife or something equally aggravating. Thor realized absently that he should be feeling some semblance of joy at the revelation that Loki was alive,
He breathed an inward sigh of relief. “All right, JARVIS,” he began, and then the HUD went static around the sound of a truck horn.
She studied him for a long moment—long enough for him to start walking down the hallway again. “Like what you see?”
He spoke smugly of subterfuge and illness, of a terror group so cleverly hidden by an American intelligence organization. SHIELD had been infected the whole time, blah, blah, blah.
“Multiple bogeys just left the portal,” Natasha announced tersely. “Don’t seem like Chitauri—looks like the hive mind collapsed. Thor, intercept?”
“I think it’s a good thing,” Steve reasoned. “I mean, if they really don’t get along in their world, it’s gotta help them to actually agree on something now.”
“Two minutes, Cap,” Hill said in his ear worriedly. “Alpha and bravo are locked. Also, there’s… something else.”
When he drove away, saw Harley’s poor attempt at convincing him to stay, that only put a stronger inkling in his brain that this could be the kid that Stark had cared so much about. And that only solidified the determination to stay as far away from Harley as possible. Maybe then he’d survive.
The guards inside tried to shoot him, which—seriously, did they have no other ideas? He took them out with strategically-placed drones, moved into the next room, blasted some guy typing frantically at one of the monitors, and stepped out of the suit.
“What do you think about all this?” Tony said into Steve’s stomach. “The Scepter, and HYDRA, and, you know, Bucky.”
Thor sighed heavily, and he wished he could sit down and just… rest. He hadn’t had any true respite in about a year now: by product of his nature and his lightning, he could go for weeks without sleeping, and escaping the dreams had seemed worth it at the time. Now, Thor was just tired. “Have you ever heard the name Hela?”
the only thing that had made him relevant to his team in the first place. His genius had birthed the Iron Man suit, JARVIS, the Avengers—what if something went wrong? What if she sabotaged something? What if she somehow sensed some ill thoughts sitting in the back of Tony’s brain about the entire Obie situation, what if—
“And keep an eye out for Barnes info, people!” Tony called, rubbing his hands together. “Sam can’t do it all.”
Tony was absolutely certain that the spy twins had managed to finagle them into doing these meals to make them seem more relatable to the Maximoffs, and he understood why, even though he was pretty sure their normal team dynamics were enough. It did seem to help, though. Both of them gradually uncurled and sat up straighter, and then, ever-so-hesitantly, began engaging the others in conversation. Tony leaned into Steve’s side and laced their fingers together and just
Tony managed to break through the force field a few minutes later: it was powerful, but inefficient, so it was child’s play to send a missile through the weak point into the power source.
For one horrifying moment, nothing happened. Then, Steve’s boyfriend began to rouse, groaning and raising a hand to his head. “Ow,” he muttered, his voice slightly slurred. “Did Thor hit me with his hammer?”
“Well, we have access to a list of all the hidden bases as long as they weren’t locked out of SHIELD databases.”
