After a long while, Sherlock slowly moved his hands back to the top of John’s head and just held them there. They stayed there for long moments. John felt as though the crown of his head was buzzing. Very slowly, Sherlock removed his hands. John could feel the heat of them still being held near his head, centimetres away. And then it was over.
“Uh, maybe some cold water?”
On the second night of the full moon in March, Moosecroft stepped into the sacred clearing and sat by the Contact Pool. He took some time to settle himself, breathing deeply and slowly as he was taught: four counts in, eight counts out. He had not had to think about breathing this way, consciously, in many years; the rhythm was ingrained.
Sherlock was pulling John to him with one hand while he reached between them with the other and clumsily found John’s erection. It was hot and thick in his hand, and he only stroked twice before John was howling again, his channel squeezing tightly and rhythmically around Sherlock, who began to empty into John in turn.
“Patience, young man. Patience.” She proceeded to nibble and lick along his shaft. His eyes rolled back, and he fell back onto the ground. She took the opportunity to clamber over his legs and get a better angle.
Strays I find in it, wounds I bind in it
“I am
- K. Grahame,
John grabbed his suitcase. He glanced at Sherlock, who nodded, and they both filed obediently out behind the woman. By now, John was dressed, but Sherlock had only managed to pull on some jeans.
As they walked closer, Sherlock saw that there was a larger-than-usual protest crowd blocking the little driveway where hotel guests could leave their cars for the valet.
Sherlock was on his knees, and he pulled John up against him, and they were touching, skin to skin, no clothing barriers. With Sherlock kneeling, their height differential wasn’t as great, but Sherlock still had to bend his head to ravish John’s mouth. John was thrilled to feel Sherlock’s hard length pressed against his belly, just above his own cock, which was raising itself with interest. Sherlock pressed one large hand against the back of John’s head and wrapped one long arm around John’s back. John clutched at Sherlock, trying not to lose his balance. He began to stroke Sherlock’s back with his fingertips, marvelling at how very long his torso was.
It was a miracle that he was alive to hold John in his arms today. He bent his head and kissed John’s hair, feeling more grateful for surviving than he ever had in his life.
“I have never in my life heard such melodrama. And my sister has a two-year-old. Give me your brother’s number.”
snipers, and Mycroft is ready to swoop down upon us and whisk us away to some safe house whence we will never again emerge, that what you want to do is play pat-a-cake with my posterior fat deposits, when you
Sherlock began to writhe a bit, trying to get more stimulation, but John just moved his hand with him, keeping the angle of his finger perfectly aligned with Sherlock’s passage. Sherlock gave up and lay back with a faint groan. John rewarded him with a second finger, slid slowly all the way in this time. Sherlock felt him rotate the pair around, stretching his muscle so unhurriedly that he almost couldn’t feel it. He was, in fact, starting to grow bored when John’s fingertips settled against his ventral wall and pushed, just a little.
John stared at Sherlock for a moment and then burst out laughing.
Sherlock grinned in the dark with sudden insight, teasing strands of John’s hair lightly through his fingers.
! Like he doesn’t already know what I’m askin’, right? Fuckin’ cheek.”
“I told you it would be!”
“Keep listening to my voice, John. Feel my hand on your chest. I’m going to give you something a little more sustained, help you feel some of this a little longer while I start to do some other things. It might feel a little extra sharp at first; don’t worry, I think it will settle into something lovely, and if it doesn’t, I’ll notice and we’ll take them off. These are nipple clamps, John. That may sound scary, but trust me, I’m watching you, and I think they will be sensational.”
Let me know if you have any difficulty downloading the file and playing it. Apologies for the somewhat stuffed nose in this chapter!
“OH!” Sherlock yelled. “OH! OH! OH!”
“Ah, that’s the radio button. It turns on radio stations, you know, broadcasts over radio waves?” Lestrade frowned a bit at Fawnlock’s continued incomprehension. Must be the language barrier. Although, the kid did act as though he’d never seen a tape player in his life. Weird.
“Then, as we are enjoying the sand blowing in our faces, a couple of friends of mine will cause a bit of a delay for our tail, and we will depart. We will travel across the Golden Gate Bridge—”
I have absolutely no problem with Starbucks; I enjoy going there on occasion. However, I think Sherlock would be an absolute snob about them.
“Come on, now, Librarian Lestrade has other things to do than sit and teach the likes of you. We’ll meet up here next week, yeah? Seven days.” Greg held up seven fingers, and Fawnlock nodded. Greg made an aborted move to put his hand on Fawnlock’s back to usher him out; perhaps it was early days for that kind of friendly gesture with someone so timid.
“We can’t be too careful!” One agent had a young woman in a hotel uniform up against the wall in a choke-hold; another agent was crawling under the tablecloth that covered the wheeled cart. Pastries and teacups were strewn on the floor. John could see that the hotel staff person’s cheeks were streaked with tears, but that she was not making a sound, and that her expression was determined.
Maybe he himself needed some perspective. He really wasn’t sure what had gone wrong. The scene that afternoon had been spectacularly fulfilling; why couldn’t he sustain it this evening? Why had John taken to it earlier and rejected it now?
As John was putting his toiletries in his bag, the fire alarm went off. He glanced up at the flashing emergency light, then over at Sherlock.
“I need you
His brain finally clicked over to the state where instead of being unable to let the thoughts go, he was unable to hang onto more than the start of a thought.
Well after the tea was cold, John took a deep breath and wiped his cheeks with a palm.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Let me make it clear. Moriarty has an obsession with Sherlock. He would like nothing better than to have an excuse to recapture him and torture him as slowly as possible, over years, to an inevitably early—but not
“In your language? You have a language?”
“Never really thought about it before,” John said as a plate was set in front of him and he cheerfully dug into his sandwich. The scent of melting American “cheese” and substandard coffee wafted over Sherlock and was familiar and oddly comforting.
The deer boy caught the negative tone of Johnny’s words and his face fell.
, John. It was like ejaculating, but in reverse. I was taking the fluid
“Yes, John, everyone gets it. No one alive has seen that movie and no one ever orders it because it is the stupidest thing on the menu.”
“Where are you now?”
By now the police officer was walking up to them, a flashlight in hand.
“Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh…”
“John, what are you doing?”
"Yeah, but we don't have to make it harder for her."
“Who cares! I’m waltzing with my ‘significant other!’ Mycroft would be so proud! We’ll be ready for our wedding!”
“Drink,” he said in his most commanding tone and was relieved when it worked. It was one thing to say all sorts of encouraging things during the scene in a Dommy voice, but he hadn’t really had to try to do any actual power exchange.
“I thought we were having
“Please, Sherlock. Fuck me. Make love to me. Just
“You couldn’t possibly know that’s her.”
John made an exasperated sound.
“I should write a paper on you.”
Harry looked over at where he was attempting to hide his erection under the hem of his shirt, chuckled, kicked the door closed and opened the medicine cabinet.
: 13.5 minutes /
. I’m pretending it’s still around in 2015 because it was wonderful and I can make believe. I don’t remember the mu shu, but the wonton soup and the sweet and sour “pork” were just as I described. Also, when I was there once with my then-boyfriend, we really did have a street dragon dance into the restaurant. It was fantastic. However, that usually occurs at Chinese New Year, and this is set in June, so, authorial license.
So it wasn’t like he got in the way, exactly. It was more that he sort of took up the whole room, with his presence and his voice and his handsome, if oddly coloured, face, and his darn patronising attitude and she was getting tired of it, really she was. And now she had an honest-to-God body to take care of, and she was very possessive of her dead bodies; she knew all of them from the town and fancied herself a bit of a guardian for them until they were safely ensconced in their final quiet casket homes.
“Tomorrow, noon. Yes. Fawnlock be here.”
“You...know about this stuff?”
John smiled a little. It really was easier to allow himself to be vulnerable with a stranger—with this stranger, anyway.
vetted managed to make it into this hallway. Are you having some confusion as to your directives? Shall I call my brother for clarification of your mission for you?”
“For modesty,” he explained. “Many men have a natural physiological reaction to massage, and I know you are concerned about that aspect of our relationship, so this should help you to keep from feeling self-conscious.”
John thought he could see Sherlock visibly refraining from rolling his eyes and hid a smile in an unpleasant gulp of tea.
“Far as I know. He’s the one who got me back to base. Kept his hand in the hole in my back the whole fucking drive on that jeep. I was out of my head, hallucinating. They tell me I fought him the whole way.”
“You’re moving to London?” exclaimed Molly.
John heard a horrible grinding sound, the kind that happens when someone is stripping an engine’s gears to the point of mechanical fatality. Sherlock chuckled, and John moved to get a look at a remarkable, ancient bus entering the lot. It was decorated with crazy painted designs; John squinted, and yes, it also had...
“My god.”
John thought about telling Mycroft how amazing that was, but it didn’t seem that he would take to it as well as Sherlock.
Sherlock blinked. “That was it.”
“From a local brewery. It’s called ‘Back in Black’. Advertised as a rebellion against the British IPA.”
“I haven’t slept through the night since...well, since before Afghanistan.”
“Your tent?”
“Is this good enough, or do you need someplace more...traditional?”
. I’ve worked
“I’m going to begin some more purposeful movement now.”
“No, my dear, I have not. Does that make you happy?”
After a little while the song seemed to end, and the deer boy reached out one hand towards Johnny’s broken leg, nowhere near touching, clearly a question. Johnny wailed “Noooo!” and the boy pulled his hand back, looking resigned. He moved back around behind Johnny and cradled him again in his lap, as he had the night before in the cave. He rubbed his hands up and down Johnny’s tummy in a somewhat clumsy attempt to calm him as Johnny settled into a steady whimpering between moans as the injured muscles throbbed.
Johnny came awake with his eyes still closed. He felt warm and comfortable, and he nuzzled against his pillow sleepily. His pillow was so soft; it felt furry.
Sherlock picked up a pair of plain navy trainers while John filled a basket with bandages, rubbing alcohol, antibiotics, and a wide variety of other items.
with his armpits?!—and some of it was more expectedly erotic—
rather pretty at night, all lit up in the fog. They drove onto the southern span.
“First and last.”
Mycroft found himself shouting and flushed. This was quite undignified.
He caught up at the edge of the forest, panting. Fawnlock was standing almost entirely behind a tree, clutching at it.
Christine bent over and put her face next to his rigid penis, and Johnny leaned back on both arms.
“That was the worst game anyone ever tried to invent.”
Afghanistan, and I can tell you for sure that was some damn good swearing.”
John’s mouth dropped open. He blinked a few times.
“Okay, roll over onto your back, and scoot down so your head is on the table,” Sherlock murmured.
“Welcome, again, to San Francisco.” Sherlock reached around John’s waist and gave him a one-armed hug. It didn’t occur to him that he had never spontaneously hugged a client before.
A new person had joined their nighttime gathering. She was tall, thin, and was wearing a tailored suit in a dark colour.
“Okay, then it looks like that.”
“No, Sherlock...let’s wait until I’m inside you, okay?”
The stag nodded, once, and finished crossing the road, slowly. John and Sherlock looked at each other.
“John Watson, MD. Recently of Afghanistan, invalided out from a shot to the left shoulder. Working as a locum, on a trip to a conference in San Francisco at the St Regis. How is it that you know my brother?”
“Yes, we are rather proud of our chef.” Sherlock looked as pleased as if he had cooked the meal himself.
“We’ll be buying some first aid supplies as well.” John looked furious, which only made Sherlock smile. It was such a novel feeling, having someone to look after him. “We’ll also need two burner phones.”
generous.” Sherlock smiled widely again, and Tom grinned in agreement, lifted his cap, and pulled the cart back out the door.
“Turn on your front, please, John, and scoot up so your face is in the cradle.” John complied awkwardly. He saw Sherlock had changed into loose cotton trousers and a tight black t-shirt. He heard a strange wet sound and looked up from the padded doughnut-thing, craning his neck back to see where Sherlock was standing behind him, on his left, rubbing his hands together briskly.
John reached a finger back behind Sherlock’s balls and pressed up against the perineum. He continued to push his tongue into the slit while sucking at the head and squeezing his hand at the base.
Fawnlock of course ignored this as often as he could slip away from his ancestral home. He was already multi-lingual. Most of his kind knew
“If we must.” Sherlock’s mouth quirked as he tried to hide his smile at John’s innocent enthusiasm.
By now Sherlock was clutching John’s hands and had his face in John’s lap. This was different than the histrionics that morning, before John first called Mycroft to discuss going back to London. Sherlock seemed terrified. Whatever was wrong between Sherlock and Mycroft, it was really, really wrong, and John did not want anything to do with it; and at the same time, he felt that he might be the only person able to fix it.
The deer boy babbled and reached for something shiny on the ground.
Sherlock kissed his forehead. “No worries. We can do a
“Ah, decided to join the awake people!”
“I try to always add data to their citizen earthquake log. Won’t take a moment.”
When he looked up again, a soft, warm blanket covered him, and a few lights were on in the suite, counteracting the gloom that had settled as the sun went down behind the fog bank.
John coughed nervously.
Immediately John pulled off.
“John, John...I need to be inside you…”
“Massage not your cup of tea? You seemed to enjoy the one on your leg well enough.”
“You know that leather skirt we got for a laugh that one time? Yeah, that, and that purple blouse—”
“I intend to spend my life doing just that, sir.”
“There is no way he
“Time?”
Outwardly, all John would have been able to see, had he been looking, would have been the faintest relaxation of tension in Sherlock’s neck.
He had observed, of course, when John had started believing that he was chained to the bed. He had said nothing to encourage that; he would have predicted that it would have soured, or ended, the scene, that it would have been a very bad belief. Instead, it seemed to give John a certain freedom. And the gag had definitely been a good call. The enticing sounds John had made—groans, whines, wordless pleas, little vocal pants, drawn-out moans—they had been incredible; Sherlock wished he had thought to record them for masturbation purposes in the future. And clearly John was quite orally focused, with all the sucking he had done.
“Shhhh!” came from the reception alcove.
“The ones you lost.”
“No, I think Johnny should hear this.” She leaned over to the worktop between the kitchen and dining area and plucked a folded, wrinkled piece of paper off.
, yet I felt such
She broke the kiss. “Gentle, gentle now. Play with them, don’t just grab and crush them. Here, let me show you.”
The ruined tea assembly was left in the hall.
“No ma’am!”
“John. I need you to pay attention.” Sherlock touched his head lightly. “I’m going to begin the tough work now. We won’t go as hard as you probably do in physical therapy, but nonetheless, it’s going to hurt. I’m going to unlock some of the knots I’ve found. The pain should not go over a 6. Will you tell me if it does?”
“First: hydration!”
He stopped at the doorway and looked back, once. The deer boy was stood at the edge of his back garden, the silvery compass clutched in his hand, forgotten. He looked unutterably sad.
Wordlessly, Sherlock held out his left arm. He rolled up the sleeve. His skin showed pinpricks of old white scars inside the elbow. He repeated the gesture with his right arm.
“Yeah, I think so.” He wriggled out of the track suit bottoms, and then, glancing at her and getting a nod, slid off his pants.
“Why’d you give him a tip? You haven’t tipped anyone else; you said the tips were built-in.”
John reached over and flicked open the button on Sherlock’s jeans, then pulled down the zip. He laid open the two sides of the flies and took a moment to admire the hard length straining the silk of Sherlock’s pants. He stroked his fingertips lightly over the bulging vein and the prominent coronal ridge, quite visible through the cloth. His mouth watered. Suddenly impatient, he jerked the trousers just under Sherlock’s arse and hooked the pants under his balls. As he reached up to snag a miniature parfait glass of melting sorbet, he saw Sherlock watching him intently.
“That’s lovely; what is that?”
“That’s what Sherlock called it! He made me drink something, and he made me eat a candy bar, and then he held me for a while, and I guess I fell asleep.”
“I hate being this way. I hate having you see me be this way.”
“What?!” Sherlock asked, indignantly.
“Aaah! Aaah! Aaah!”
He cuddled John a little more and looked down to find that John had fallen asleep. Probably best, given his intense ordeal. Sherlock bent down and kissed John gently on the forehead.
bloody night without this nightmare.
“Let’s give this a real try.” Sherlock moved so that he was hovering over John, his knees on the sofa cushions on either side of John’s legs. He took the lamb marsala box in one hand and pulled a piece out with his fingers. Staring into John’s eyes, he tucked the morsel into John’s mouth.
“Oh, I know. See you then, Johnny.” Christine gave him a rather alarming leer and headed back to the school.
“I always heard Californians were crazy. Now I think I know why.”
wasn’t a ‘big one’?”
John didn’t laugh at him. John stroked his hair and hugged him back.
: MP3 ZIPped
“Why would you say such a hateful thing?”
“I’m going to put the gag in now, John. You can let it out any time you like. You are completely in charge of this. But while it is in, you have the option of not talking. You don’t have to say anything at all, but you can make as much noise as you like; you can bite down on this as hard as you want. I will do all the talking for both of us. You can trust me to know what you need. If you are okay with this, open your mouth for me.”
“Absolutely not. You shall negotiate with John; he is my designated mediator.”
John sighed and picked up his phone.
“I thought doctors were supposed to do no harm.”
“How?” John said in a gravelly voice.
Sherlock pulled back and took a large mouthful of beer, then carefully pressed his lips to John’s and let it trickle into John’s mouth. He ground up against John, pushing his jeans-clad erection against John’s vulnerable cloth-covered penis. John swallowed carefully.
“It’s a date, then. I’ll see you tonight at half-ten.”
John moaned very faintly and tried to surreptitiously adjust himself in his jeans.
“Thank you.”
There was a big sigh. “I know.”
Sherlock looked over at John. He wasn’t showing any symptoms of panic; in fact, it seemed as though he was telling a story about someone he barely knew.
“‘Golden’ refers to the entrance to the bay itself and is a moniker given in the century before the bridge was designed. The paint colour is ‘International Orange’ and was chosen in part to make it more visible in the fog.”
Schedule notes: My "short-term" (10 month) disability comes to an end next week, so life will get more stressful (unless I am able to hold onto my new mindful approach with both hands and teeth!). Also, there will be a gap at the end of July through much of August to allow for a trip to LONDON to see Mr Cumberbatch in
Sherlock handed the phone back to John.
All of Sherlock’s other clients had taken advantage of the offered sexual services within fifteen minutes of entering their rooms.
“I think not, we’ll save it. We’ve got a whole night ahead of us.”
John grumbled and turned over without waking, but his breathing evened out. Sherlock slid out of bed and went to the in-room sink, splashing his face with cold water and then scrubbing wet hands through his hair. The room was dark from the closed curtains; John was a long lump in the bed.
“I’m loose, you’ve been fucking me all day, get
He was tugged along swiftly, stumbling over roots and over branches brought down by the storm. He didn’t see more than slashing rain and dark branches until he found himself abruptly inside the entrance to a little cave.
John made some inarticulate sounds and rutted faintly against the pillow, unable to gain much traction now that he was bound to the bed.
Johnny thought for a few moments in the dusk of his nighttime bedroom.
“May I?”
. What was the difference? All those people were paid to serve him. And to be honest, he was enjoying it. He had never been exposed to luxurious things like this; his family had been lower-middle class, always struggling for money, and as an Army doctor, he had never seen the comfortable paychecks most doctors made. Now, as a part-time NHS locum, his paycheck barely supplemented his Army disability pension, and having a second pint at the pub on a Friday night was an extravagance.
“Simple observation, John. You’ve had your job for less than six months, else you wouldn’t feel quite so guilty at having been sent on this junket instead of other doctors who have been at the practice longer. You were invalided out and likely took time to regroup, but only until your pension was no longer enough to feed you, which would have been about six months. Your nightmare last night, which was quite audible next door even with the excellent soundproofing in this hotel, was clearly an ordinary occurrence; you did not appear frightened or surprised when you knocked on my door but instead were resigned.
to do things.”
When he went to start at the base again, he was amused to find John’s hands replacing his, pulling himself as wide open as he could.
Fawnlock realized he was feeling upset at the bewildered, almost lost look on Johnny’s face, and he pinched himself on the arm in retribution for having
John chuckled. “Sure, why not.”
“Are they bothering you?”
“I’m sorry I overstepped with the dinner.”
Feeling a bit of an idiot, he tried again, pointing at himself and then the teen. “Me, Greg. You…?”
Sherlock stopped himself from giving John a look of “
important to me. I won’t compromise your safety, not even for a possibility. We should talk about other places we could go. As far as I understand it, the whole of England outside of London is a possibility. As is the rest of the world. We should think big, Sherlock.”
He felt the lines covering his arms. It was very satisfying; it was like the top layer of his skin was being removed so that he could feel the air more thoroughly. Then the lines were being drawn across his chest. He groaned, and he heard how it was muffled through the gag, which excited him. He sucked against the cock shape in his mouth. That was so satisfying, feeling a cock in his mouth, though it wasn’t as good as actual flesh. He pressed up into Sherlock’s hands, which resulted in more lines all over his chest and belly.
“Philip Glass, John. Have you not seen
...which, as far as I am aware, is pretty damn accurate as a general guide to both monogamous and multi-partnered safer sexual practices. I have not put “barebacking” in the tags for a reason; I personally find barebacking (which to me is unnegotiated condom-free sex with a stranger) a turn-off. While I think that Sherlock and John are rather rushing their fluid bonding a little here, they do have some legit rationales for their decision—but I am not recommending fluid bonding with someone you’ve only known a week. Regardless, I’m making a distinction between random condom-free sex and our fictional lovers’ decision to go barrier-free just with each other after careful consideration. ‘kay? ‘kay.
The moment Sherlock was out of the room, John pulled on trousers and a shirt, shoved his wallet, passport, and his room key into pockets, and left. He found himself on Market Street with no memory of how he got there.
“Good, John, oh that’s so good. React however you want, let yourself feel, let yourself continue to float. You are safe with me. Feel your cuffs, keeping your limbs anchored to the bed.”
know what we do?”
“Sherlock. I’m famished.”
“Why am I not having a panic attack? That was a frightening event. Yech, this tea has spearmint in it.” John took the cup back to the sink and poured the tea out, rinsing it with water for good measure.
The village Fawnlock visits is Lyndhurst; the library is the
“Your nipples?”
Yeah. Life has been kicking all around the garden. I'm hoping to be back to podficcing, though...can't guarantee any regular schedule, but it won't be another 8 months between chapters, if all goes well.
There really were protests outside of hotels for a while, notably sometime around 2006 or 2007 when I was working in the city; if I recall correctly, the cleaning services were protesting not having a working contract. They would chant and march and use whistles and drums and shout, and I can’t imagine that it didn’t hurt the hotels’ business at least a bit. Someone throwing paint and yelling about fur doesn’t really fit, but then people often glom onto one protest with their own unrelated causes.
Love,
. I’m a little
, he was the game master! He watched the droplet take its time, imagining it checking its hair in the mirror, touching up its lipstick, trying on a different pair of earrings. And then reaching for the cold cream and announcing that that eye colour was all wrong...He was certain that the droplet went back
“Where…” He waited until Fawnlock repeated the word. “Wair.”
“Yeah…” Dreadful Boy’s tone changed into something low and smooth. “Prove it to me.”
“Goddamn it, Sherlock, I want you to
“Nothing but country music stations up here.”
“Excellent. Where will it strike?”
They walked into the small café, and Sherlock sat in a standard chair so that John could sit on the funky padded bench surrounded by colourful throw pillows. They ordered a meal—John got another malt—and settled back, sipping ice water out of small glasses.
just the sex thing. That was just too personal; the only thing he could think of that was worse would be asking Sherlock to wipe his arse after he used the loo. Well, that settled it. There would be no partaking of sexual services, then. He could live with—well, enjoy, even!—the rest of it.
Something shifted on Sherlock’s face. He seemed...glad.
to be a Hyena Person. I mean c'mon, that
“I don’t remember asking for your help.” John was getting dressed.
“That’s probably not terribly healthy.”
(See the end of the chapter for
A muffled squeak sounded behind him. He glanced back and saw the deer boy staring around him, and when he looked to see what was there he was astonished to see a very tall man with shaggy, furry legs, hooves for feet, and enormous curly horns coming out of his head. He had a thick beard and lots of hair where there wasn’t fur and he generally looked pretty giant and manly and intimidating. But his eyes were so very kind, Johnny knew this beast would never hurt him.
“Since the forest.”
“Oh, very unlikely. Even if we did, we probably wouldn’t feel it here in the car; most of them are very small.”
Some of it tickled, and some of it was bizarrely erotic—what exactly was John
“Do you know who started it?”
“Turn and lean against me, John.”
“No guts on the floor, ma’am, not on my watch,” John responded, grinning, and took a drink from one of his three glasses of milk. “Seriously though, yeah, I’ve seen some stuff now. Doesn’t bother me.”
“Nothing happened. I apologize; I forgot for a moment what my role is here. Perhaps after you have your coffee, I could offer you a blow job? Or maybe you’d like to fuck me instead. You have held out long enough, after all.”
“Yes.”
Sherlock coughed. “Yes, so you’ll see that
“Yes, but not with, I mean, I don’t want any…”
“Actually, I don’t doubt that.” And Sherlock took some healthy swallows from the bottle, and by the time John finished brushing his teeth, the blue liquid was gone (and Sherlock’s tongue had turned blue—John checked—so there was a reasonable possibility that at least some of the Gatorade was actually inside him).
“Do I have a say in any of this?”
John sighed, feeling a bit better about their security but still wishing desperately for the SIG Sauer tucked back in the safe in his bedsit.
“Oh, I think I begin to see your plan.” Sherlock stripped off his shirt and arranged himself comfortably back on the pillows; he stretched out long, wiggling his toes. John clambered up and set the sorbets on the table on his side.
“Corn sperm.”
Sherlock glared at him through narrowed eyes. Clearly he could see that this was going to become uncomfortable quickly.
“Okay, then, let’s go. Take me there. Let me just put on some clothes.”
John could see Sherlock’s eyes glinting in the faint light coming in from the nighttime city. They were colourless in the dark, but he fancied he could see emotion in them far beyond the words—regret, and desperation, and yearning. He reached up and slipped his fingers through Sherlock’s curls, over and over again until Sherlock’s eyelids fell lower and lower and finally shut. Sherlock gave one inelegant, giant yawn and was suddenly asleep. John smiled fondly and watched him until John, too, fell under Morpheus’ spell.
The leaves are turning in the forest. They’re so beautiful. Is your old tent still out back in the woods? Do you want us to take it in? Your Da could fold it up nice and store it in the attic.
“Some demiwhatever.”
“Pulse fast and weak,” he said aloud by habit. He pulled Sherlock’s eyelids gently apart, yanked out his phone, and activated the light. “Pupils normal and reactive. Sherlock! Did you take anything?”
“Perhaps later. Right now I was more hoping for some eggs and bacon, from a fork on a plate by my own hand, thank you.”
happened the night before.
“That was fantastic, Sherlock.”
He tried to grind up against John, who immediately withdrew his hand and rested it on Sherlock’s hip. Sherlock stilled and was surprised to find himself panting, through his nose, in confusion. John’s tongue, unmoving, still filled his mouth. This stillness, this immobilization was utterly novel. He wasn’t sure what he was supposed to do. What did John want? How was he supposed to act? He felt lost, adrift...nothing in his life had prepared him for this.
: 16 MB /
Finally, he attended to John’s beautiful cock and balls. John’s penis was half-erect. Sherlock lovingly washed his perineum and soaped around the testicles, pulling oh-so-slightly. He washed outside the shaft, using an overhand stroke with both palms; then he carefully pulled the foreskin down and soaped underneath, rinsing quickly in case the soap stung. John was very close to fully erect, now, but that was not Sherlock’s goal, so he left John’s penis with a tiny pat, as if to say “Okay, you’re clean now,” and turned to pour out a large measure of shampoo.
Finally, Sherlock cracked and let out a snort.
Sherlock carefully pulled out his fingers, wiped them heedlessly on the sheets, and drizzled the rest of the lube on his cock, trying not to touch himself for fear that he would come before he entered John.
“A common complaint.”
They grinned at each other.
John grinned. “Yes.”
“I know ways of force-feeding you if I have to.”
John congratulated himself on coming up with something really difficult off the cuff! These sex games weren’t so mysterious, after all. Once one got into the right frame of mind, it was all—
A hand grabbed his. He opened his eyes and in a stark white flash of lightning he saw a creature towering above him, with giant antlers and strange markings. It had hold on his wrist and he couldn’t wrench his hand away. Johnny began to wail, and the creature pulled at him hard enough that he was lifted onto his feet. Thunder boomed nearby and the creature grabbed his pack--his pack!--and began dragging him away. They weren’t a few meters from the tree Johnny had been leaning on when there was another flash of white and a tremendous CRACK and a whiff of ozone. Johnny looked back to see the tree where he had been sitting smoking, breaking into two with a terrifying groan. Johnny's wailing became rhythmic, pulsing with his breath.
“We’ll not take money from you, son.”
Sherlock climbed back on the bed and simply gathered John into his arms. They sat like that for a long time. Eventually, Sherlock got up and ripped the soiled sheets off the bed. He turned off the lights and helped John to lie down. Then he pulled the duvet over them both, and settled John back against him.
Johnny stepped out into the heat of his back garden. He glanced around at the dispiriting sight of tired brown grass, a rusted swingset, a kiddy pool full of green murky water, and various balls scattered about. He hadn’t come outside much this summer due to the heat, and the garden was looking a bit neglected. Some tomato plants he had installed near the house in the enthusiasm of May had fallen over, limp on the ground from lack of watering, though he did see one small squashed fruit on one of the stems. He made a face.
“We should get some food.”
“After we eat I can read them to you. Would you like that?”
Johnny blushed bright crimson.
It wasn’t three years till he saw her, though. He began to notice her around the hospital at night. Usually she was far too busy to look up from her work, but one evening she was hurrying down the hall with a white coat over her uniform, a clipboard in her hand, and he stood up from where he’d been mopping and saluted. She looked over and gave him a wink, never breaking stride.
“Let me open you first.”
“You’re awake.” Sherlock’s gaze dropped to meet John’s eyes, and John smiled happily. The corner of Sherlock’s mouth quirked a bit in return; he looked pleased but a bit bewildered.
her if you weren’t so insatiable.”
Fawnlock nodded.
As I loose the snare you may glimpse me there
“The one that’s too small?”
When the main dishes came, Sherlock served both their plates. Usually, Sherlock refrained from eating while entertaining clients, but the Lotus Garden, and John, were worth making an exception. He pulled his disposable chopsticks from their paper envelope and broke them apart, scraping them together to remove any splinters.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Um...I guess he can start today? I’ve already processed Mr. Johnson, just waiting for the funeral home to come get him, so he won’t be in the way of anything.”
“That’s rather a lot to take in.”
Sherlock idly ran his fingers through John’s drying hair. John’s head was tucked up against his neck, John’s arm was across his chest where it had been flung after he’d fallen asleep, and one of John’s legs was crooked possessively over Sherlock’s pelvis. It wasn’t entirely comfortable, but there were acres of skin touching his own, and he could feel John’s quiescent penis sleeping against his hip, and it was such a new experience, having a trusting human asleep in his arms, that Sherlock wanted to spend all night studying it, or at least as long as he got until John woke again from whatever terrors his unconscious mind decided to bring up tonight.
“Private John Watson, ma’am.” John shook her hand and was pleased to find her grip firm but not bruising. Some male officers seemed to think that crushing his hand bones together demonstrated they had the bigger dicks.
“Your mother wasn’t nearly old enough to be listening to thirties’ jazz.”
“Hi, I’ve met a lovely man that I’m going to marry and fuck all the time, so I need you to call off Moriarty, preferably have him eliminated somehow, and by the way I’m clean and I was a whore for a while but now I’m just going to fuck John and selected others so don’t worry your pretty little brain over it, thanks ever so much!”
Sherlock clutched at John.
The music, which had been a series of inoffensive electronic pieces, flipped over to a song John knew.
me, not
“And where will you live?”
“Yes. The Adder and I can create an earthquake. The faults are not in the right place to do the most damage, but we should be able to kill at least 15 or 20 of the humans.”
This file was created using Audacity.
John nodded slightly. Clearly he was not going to be sharing any time soon. Sherlock held back a sigh and adjusted his hold on the fragile man in his arms.
“You want to ravish me, eh?” he said, mouthing at the firm shaft of flesh.
“I can’t take it. Let’s see what’s next.”
: 33 MB /
“And for you?” The server turned slightly towards Sherlock.
“So you really never done it?” Fiona asked.
, even for tourists. We are dry, folks. Bone dry. I don’t take showers any more; I take Navy-style showers with
Sherlock sighed. “There’s always something.”
John woke to a delicious warmth wrapped around him. Without opening his eyes, he wriggled a bit and assessed his situation. Warm skin pressed all along his back. Legs tangled with his in a complicated way his sleepy brain couldn’t quite sort out. A plump cock nestled against his arse. A sharp cheekbone pressed against his parietal bone. One arm was pillowing his neck; another was cuddled around his waist, and long fingers were wrapped around his short ones. John sighed happily and slowly opened his eyes to the view of the ever-present fog and skyscrapers outside their windows.
“Well, I’m sure this...’Tazo’ tea will be just fine,” John said, plugging in the little coffee machine next to the in-room sink. He turned around to see Sherlock making a face and laughed. “I think you’ll live.”
(See the end of the chapter for
(“Dreadful Boy”) and directed his nascent magic towards the teen. So far all it had led to was some itching and a stubbed toe, but he was hoping to do better.
John could hear Mycroft swallow over the phone.
“Please get inside as soon as possible, Dr Watson. It’s been lovely speaking with you. I do look forward to meeting you one day soon. I never dared hope for a brother-in-law.”
“Everyone does, John. Everyone ‘gives a fuck’ about turns.”
Fawnlock wasn’t sure what Moosecroft got up to all day, but it was very serious and almost certainly incredibly dull. His brother rarely left his comfortable treetop domain. When he and Moosecroft were first orphaned, Moosecroft led them deep into the forest and, with the help of some others of their kind, built them a rather magnificent house in a giant, ancient oak tree.
“That’s neither—
Sherlock didn’t deign to answer.
“You can’t just
Moosecroft works at his minor forest position; Johnny gets a shock; Fawnlock wants to learn more about humans.
“See that teahouse, right over there? Meet me on Saturday, at noon, and I’ll teach you how to read. If you’re serious about it.”
“Don’t worry, John, that’s a common affliction among people who are not me.”
McIntyre grinned, shook her head, and headed to the exit with her soda can, filling it again from the flask.
“I might as well; we’re right here, and besides, I’m only doing it with one hand. Oh, this tea without milk is disgusting. I wish you would let me call the kitchen.”
He took one of Sherlock’s hands in both of his.
“Got off on it, once. No hands, nothing but grinding into the bed while I was doing it.”
“They come back, you know. They always do.”
“That was the earthquake lecture. They happen; doorways, desk, stay inside, no tall buildings.”
None of the Denny’s I know of (and I know of many) have magic silverware any more. However, a different local chain I frequent
As the fog finally covered the windows completely, throwing the room into an early twilight, Sherlock stood from the couch and dropped his trousers, stepping easily out of them. He held a hand out to John.
“Well, hopefully I’ll take care of that soon.”
Sherlock proceeded to lightly stroke the arm in question. Then he moved to the backs of John’s legs. John noticed that he wasn’t just using his fingertips but that he was touching John with his whole hands: fingers, thumbs, and palms. It felt different than when the physical therapists massaged him. Well, in more ways than just full-hand use; they never simply
“Not really. I don’t seem to be adequately conveying his authority to you. If he wanted to, he could have directed everything I ever saw and everyone I encountered since I stepped off the plane. The problem is,
“Absolutely not. No.”
“You meditated. How did it feel?”
“Public nudity, intercourse on a state thoroughfare--”
She looked at him sharply.
certainly hadn’t washed quite
John wrapped his arms around Sherlock and held tightly.
“Ew, don’t you know to keep your mouth closed when you eat?” Johnny felt superior for knowing so many basic things that this Pan clearly didn’t.
“Something-enny’s...said it has magic silverware...said it was the most American place you could ever eat at. -enny’s...Kenny’s?…”
It wasn’t until he had finished cleansing all of the cuts that he realized Sherlock hadn’t answered. He glanced up; Sherlock’s face was completely blank.
“Get it
Thanks to my partner R for the linguistics support!
Sherlock nodded. “No offense taken. Then would you be willing to do a
The night Johnny turned fourteen, he asked to be allowed to camp out back, in the woods, alone. His parents agreed readily; he had proven quite able to handle himself in the forest, and they understood a young man’s need for privacy.
He exchanged his jeans for some cotton sweatpants and pulled on a soft, warm jumper. He grabbed a pillow off the bed and sat on the floor, his back to the wall, and faced the windows. He crossed his legs, loosely, and let his hands rest, palms down, on his knees. (He did not buy into the idea that his palms needed to be facing up to be “open to the gifts of the universe.” He found that being physically comfortable and relaxed was far more important for achieving the ideal theta wave state than some new-age superstition.)
He solved a mere three trigonometry problems (wrongly, it would turn out) by the time he usually brushed his teeth, so he gave it up as a bad business. He rifled through his pants drawer to find a pair that didn’t have holes and headed to the bathroom.
They continued on through the tale of little Max and his adventures. It took about a half-hour to make it through the book. Fawnlock’s brow was furrowed as he concentrated harder than Greg had ever seen a student do before.
“I’m learning to read. I’m learning human-speech. I know more than you already.” That was an exaggeration—Moosecroft undoubtedly understood more human-speak than Fawnlock did, but he was fairly sure Moosecroft couldn’t read.
When he’d stopped cumming, she sucked her way up his shaft and off the tip, collecting all the semen. She waited until he looked up at her, and she swallowed, licking her lips after.
“Okay.” John knew that his gaze was probably a bit predatory by now, but it didn’t seem to bother Sherlock, so he reached his spoon over to the watermelon, dipped it in and held it to let the spoon get cold, and then smeared the sorbet and pressed the cold spoon against Sherlock’s other nipple. He took a fingerful of the lemon-ginger and swirled it into the navel below. Sherlock grunted, and John brushed his palm over Sherlock’s renewed erection through his black trousers, wishing he’d thought to tell Sherlock to get completely undressed. The icy sorbet on his cock would have been fantastic.
“Seriously, Sherlock, are they hurting?”
“He’s a complete git.”
“Oh, yeah, there was some grinding going on.”
Sherlock watched as John’s pupils visibly expanded, as quickly as another person’s pupils might contract when exposed to bright sunlight after shadow. Fascinating.
“While some of it may be painful, I assure you none of it will be excruciating, and most of it is meant to be soothing. Perhaps you’ve not had a relaxing massage before?”
“What was your question, you utterly horrible little man?”
Sherlock, whose tongue was still a bit chilled from the water, managed to wriggle a good half-inch into John’s hot hole. He licked inside the tight muscle, mesmerized by the feeling.
John was thrashing, tangled in the sheets. The ambient night lights from the city gave Sherlock only glimpses of John’s face: focused, determined. He moved to the bed and tried to take hold of John’s arms; he had just enough time to feel that the sheets were sweat-soaked before John threw him off with such force that he ended up on the floor.
“Let me wash you,” he murmured.
John rubbed his face and sighed. He wasn’t sure how to react. Sherlock was right; he was concerned about the ethics of this arrangement. He didn’t see how asking Sherlock for
"Get in, now, NOW!" the agent yelled. They scrambled from the car, ran the short distance, and hoisted themselves into the craft which took off almost before Sherlock had finished climbing in (making sure John went before him, by dint of shoving him hard).
“Coffee, black. With the pitcher.”
Fawnlock edged from behind the tree a bit.
Sherlock seemed unaware of his regained consciousness, so he took the time to study the face before him. Verdigris eyes that shone even in the dim night lights reflected from the fog; sharp cheekbones; lush eyebrows; and a strong, masculine nose perched above the most beautiful cupid’s bow lips he’d ever seen on a man—or a woman, for that matter. This face, that he’d never seen before Sunday, seemed somehow familiar now. John thought about how the person in front of him had saved him from nightmares, had held him in bed without pressure or question again and again, had rescued him from two panic attacks in public and helped him through the aftermath without judgement or disgust. Was two days enough time to feel this close to someone? Perhaps; how long did it take to recognize a soulmate? Was this just to be expected of the services of a Companion? Somehow John thought not.
The drips came faster and in wildly irregular clusters, and John got to punish Sherlock a few times, slapping his prick hard enough to make it shift towards his hip at about a 20 degree angle from its proud, straight bearing up along Sherlock’s belly, hard enough to make drops of pre-cum fling out across his abdominal skin. It couldn’t have hurt, but Sherlock was startled the first time, and yelped around the solid flesh of John’s member in his mouth; the next few times, he simply grunted.
"How are you going to get in?"
“Shut your gob.”
The book Lestrade the Librarian reads from is Kenneth Grahame’s
s continued, some hitting the top of the road barrier, some hitting the sidewalk, coming closer to them. They reached the planters and John crawled on top of Sherlock, shielding his body with his own.
“Why did it take so long?” the Deer Person asked coldly.
“Nothing wrong with that.”
“Another union protest. They’re ramping up to one every week. It’s utterly boring. Neither side will make any real concessions at the table and this just drags on and on.”
Lyrics quoted from
“Let’s give the agents a show.”
The table was low, just a meter off the ground, and was covered in a soft, fitted white sheet. There was an odd doughnut-shaped attachment at the end. He lay down on the table on his back and stared up at the ceiling, feeling resigned and clasping his hands over his stomach. Sherlock walked back in the moment he was settled.
“Oh, you had fun. Admit it.”
for her impeccable beta work! I made a lot of changes after her last viewing so I have only me to blame for any mistakes.
“We’re still in the dark, John.”
And then he felt a sort of presence. As he looked around, the world seemed to take on a sharpness; the grass looked greener, the tree bark rougher, the fallen leaves softer. He became aware of sweet birdsong, not from one or two birds but from many small throats. He took a deep breath and the air was so fresh, so full of summertime that he felt he could make a meal of it.
: 10.5 minutes /
“Uh, sort of? Hi Greg! He’s, uh, he seems to like it here?” Molly blushed and glanced at the floor.
“Piss off!”
Both Christine and Johnny let out groans simultaneously.
Sherlock murmured back,
“Sorry, sorry...I’ll try not to do that…”
“Sorry if that was too much, love.”
“Look, this is not a game, all right? You’ve got to show me the way back home!” And Johnny couldn’t help it, he stomped again. The deer boy stomped back immediately. And giggled some more.
Now with fantastic art from
Sherlock looked over at Molly. He was shaking hard now.
“No, I don’t. I don’t like to hear about people using you.”
“No; you can have a beach at a lake, or on a river, or on a sea…”
“Your therapist has been warning you about this for some time, but you choose to ignore him. Evidently, having a warm body next to you allowed your brain to stand down for once, and I considered eight hours of uninterrupted sleep far more important to your health and the health of your patients than an hour of conference officials’ accolades and self-congratulations, empty of any medical information whatsoever, accompanied by weak, bitter coffee and overly sweetened pastries.”
John went back to sucking the full length but kept his middle finger pressing behind the balls, rolling the balls as much as he could with with the rest of his hand.
By the way, those of us obtaining or who have somehow achieved (LIKE ME!) an MLIS (Master in Library & Information Sciences) would like you to know that there is no “librarian stereotype” and it is a dreadful, uncouth thing to perpetuate one. In fact, you are more likely to find librarians with tattoos than fussy librarians who will “Shush!” you. (However, an awful lot of us do seem to wear glasses.) So apologies to all in the profession for this ridiculous, unconscionable, and lazy use of the stereotype. (But you knew what I meant, right? *sigh*)
“Yes, that’s what it is, a speech book! Well, we call them audiobooks.”
. John...John, I’m sorry, but—”
“Knew could not last. Moosecroft will be angry.”
Dear Mum and Da:
“I have an idea of what might help with your libido. But first I want to try something completely unrelated. Have you ever tried meditation, John?”
“Sorry Mum, Da, practice went late.”
“What does ‘significant other’ mean?”
“Oh fuck,” groaned John as he felt the restriction around his joint.
“It’s perfect, Da. They’ll put me through medical school, like we’ve been talking about. No cost. And I can send home money.”
John felt his pulse speed up.
Sherlock shot a worried look his way, but they both kept trotting downwards, keeping pace with the others.
Loyal listeners and newcomers alike--welcome to chapter 16, and thanks so much for continuing to stick in here with this very slowly updating podfic!
Sherlock heard it a block away, but somehow he didn’t piece together the impact it would have. They were chatting about the number of tattoos on the street busker they’d just passed when a racket that was different from the Chinatown parade became evident. There was shouting, and a loud rhythmic banging, and drumming, and whistles, and all of it sounded angry. As they rounded the corner to the block with the hotel’s entrance, Sherlock groaned.
“Something in the room would be nice...you’ll be eating too, of course?”
The waltz Sherlock hums is
am. Could we just table it until tomorrow and pretend for now that everything is pleasant and fine?”
? You let
be lying back and—”
Johnny’s mother continually tried to find a balance between explaining the world clearly and truthfully, albeit in terms a child could grasp, and giving her son room to imagine and dream and not grow up too quickly. Harry was a lost cause; from the start she had shunned her innocence despite her mother’s best efforts, flinging it from her impatiently like so much useless amniotic sac. Johnny, however, still had the trusting heart of a child at age eight and she wanted to protect that as long as she could.
“I’m so sorry. That’s usually one of the first things I do, when people get here. An earthquake can happen at any time; you need to get into a doorway if you can. If you can’t, find a table or a desk to duck under. If you are inside, stay inside; if you are outside, try to stay away from tall buildings.”
for beta'ing. She improves the writing greatly. All remaining mistakes are in spite of her best efforts.
“Not as such, no.”
John stared after him. A massage? A “recreational, non-sexual” massage? He’d heard people did this sort of thing, but he couldn’t imagine how it would be remotely enjoyable. He could refuse; ask Sherlock to do something less intimidating, less invasive. Like what, though? What else could a sex worker do for him that would be considered pampering? With a sigh, he pulled his t-shirt over his head, his nose wrinkling as he caught the embedded smell of fried grease from the restaurant. He stood. His fingers hovered over the button on his jeans.
“It’s winter, Librarian. The antlers have served their purpose. I remove them by bashing my head against trees. I am eager to be rid of the remaining monstrosity, but it has not responded to my efforts yet.”
He withdrew his fingers, fastidiously wiping them on a paper napkin, and plucked a samosa from a box. He held it up to John, who started to bite into it, but then Sherlock pulled it away. John followed, but Sherlock only allowed the tiniest bite of one corner. John glared at him. So, not entirely in subspace. Sherlock chuckled. He toyed with John, bringing the fried pocket of spicy food close and then pulling it away, over and over, until John gave up and sat back against the sofa, arms crossed. Sherlock put one corner in his teeth and leaned in, holding it up to John’s mouth, who began to nibble at it from Sherlock’s lips. As he ate, Sherlock reached down and casually rubbed John’s cock through the cotton of his briefs. John became agreeable again, and when he finished the samosa, he was kissing Sherlock.
where her daughter is.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, I like it. Hey, how’d you know where I live?”
“NO,” John said loudly, jumping out of bed. He stumbled against the bedside table, tripped, and also fell on the floor. A glass of water toppled onto him, smacking against his head and soaking him, and that’s when he woke up.
“Okay.” Sherlock held his position for long moments and then released, quickly rubbing the surrounding tissue. He repeated this several times until finally, it didn’t hurt as much.
Fawnlock nodded. This human wanted to talk to him some more in three days at that building over there, when the sun was above them. He hadn’t given up on Fawnlock. There was still hope.
“What?”
“Yeah, I’m not remotely close to her. Even if I was, I couldn’t talk to her about any of this.” John waved a hand vaguely at himself, hoping it indicated PTSD, panic attacks, nightmares and sexual dysfunction without further explanation.
She realized she had an opportunity to hold this over his head, but she couldn’t find it in her heart to make someone feel bad for wanting to learn.
“Yes, yes! These are words.”
At first, as he walked, he looked up at the sunlight playing hide and seek with the tall trees, listening to the bird song all around, noting how there were no paths and feeling like the first human to ever enter this forest. The summer’s heat was tamed by the shade, and a cool breeze rustled the leaves and fanned his fringe. As he made his way deeper, he was absolutely certain that he was the first human to explore this area, and he felt proud.
“Fanciful, but I know what you mean.”
“No, it’s okay.”
“Mole,” the librarian pointed at the picture of Mole. He repeated “Mole” and pointed at the word.
Sherlock gave John a look of disbelief.
Sherlock stepped back immediately, heart pounding.
Abruptly, Dreadful Boy jumped from the bed, pulling together his artificial fur. He leapt up so quickly that Fawnlock did not have time to react, and for one terrible moment, Fawnlock looked right into Dreadful Boy’s eyes. He was pleased to see that Dreadful Boy looked appropriately terrified.
“STOP, would you just
. If somehow you have not yet read this, I highly recommend it as one of the absolute classics of the johnlock fandom.
. Stop worrying. Focus on what you are feeling.” Sherlock took John’s entire length back in and began fondling his balls with one hand. John flung his arm over his eyes and started moaning again. He’d always wanted to be loud, but because of that one time with a girlfriend when his noises had brought her mother to the room, he’d taught himself to be quiet. He guessed that in this place, he could stop worrying about it.
“Wow! That’s so cool! Can we go to that one later?”
John reached one hand into Sherlock’s hair, playing with the loose curls. Sherlock began to deep-throat him at the same time as moving to the other nipple, flicking it with a fingernail.
“In, two, three, four...now out, two, three…”
“How long have you been here?”
The server walked away without another word. John grinned at Sherlock, victorious in his excellent meal choices, and went back to dragging his spoon around the table.
“Oi!”
Lestrade smiled. “‘Book Man.’ Makes sense. I’m called a librarian, Fawnlock. It comes from the Latin
“Maybe.”
As for Johnny’s military training: I know nothing of British military training other than what little I’ve gleaned from the interweb. Here’s where I looked up
“John!” Sherlock’s eyes lit up. “May I look at your scar?”
Fawnlock’s eyes went wide. He looked back down at the partially dissected heart in front of him.
“Twenty bucks,” said the driver. John dug into his wallet and paid, trying to mentally calculate the appropriate tip, then gave up and handed her two twenties before he stepped out and looked up at the club’s entrance. It didn’t look too good. It was tiny, and seedy, and music was blaring out the door. He turned around, but the cab was gone.
, New Forest, Hampshire, England  (turn on the satellite view and zoom out a bit to see the forest)
Hope your loan comes through! Could you send some ginger beer? They don’t have any on the base. They’ve set the date for parents’ day: September 28. It’s a Saturday. Hope you can come!
“Sherlock.”
John did something that felt even more intense, and Sherlock was barely aware of a third finger sliding inside at the same time as he was bitterly reminded of the strip of leather keeping him from coming. He must have moved his hands towards his cock because John made a negative sound.
Dearest Johnny:
“That was so good, John. You are trusting me so well. You took that gag so beautifully; it was amazing to see. I am so impressed by you; you are so good at this. Just keep floating, John. Just ride with this. Feel the cuffs grounding you; let the gag free you. Listen to my voice and feel my touch. You are allowed to let go, John. I am watching over you.”
As he was shaking off, he remembered what
Sherlock scoffed and climbed into the passenger seat. He reached for the lever underneath and slid the seat way back.
“No, I mean...sorry, it’s just that most people...a hand on my arm in the clinic, a brush of the shoulder in the hall...it just feels wrong, somehow. Makes me feel like I need to protect myself, keep myself from harm.”
“Just ‘willing?’”
“Sherlock, this has all been rather...sudden. We can cut them a little slack, can’t we?”
“You’re kidding me.”
“You wouldn’t, would you. Coffee?”
Sherlock scrubbed his fingers rigorously through his hair, resulting in John choking on tea so badly that it came out his nose.
“That is not what I was going to ask, and I think you know that.” John set to tickling Sherlock’s waist, which Sherlock was not expecting, which led to a lot of yelping and scolding, completely ruining the bedclothes. At one point, John was pursuing Sherlock so vigorously, and Sherlock was so assiduously retreating from invading tickly fingers, that they both ended up panting on the floor.
John groaned impatiently and flailed behind him with one hand. Sherlock peered in the dark, then took John’s hand and felt what he was holding.
“The Castro?”
“Of course I do.”
Note: It’s distressingly hard* to find a picture of a deer penis that isn’t dried and/or cut up for human consumption (and those are the nicer images), but I’m hoping that
“Of course I do.”
liked
“No forks?”
“John, John, John…” Sherlock was chanting.
Sherlock could see that John rolled his eyes behind his closed eyelids. Well. He certainly remembered being far more resistant at the beginning than this.
you wouldn’t do that again.”
“Months, Dr Watson. I lost most of the substantial credit and favors I had worked to build—and I lost them gladly—but every day was an agony, knowing what Sherlock was going through. Moriarty made certain I knew, in every way possible. Video, and...less savoury methods. I will never,
, Johnny noticed, a small but unmistakable organ under a coating of thicker fur that made it clear that this was a boy of some sort. A boy of the wild. A
A hand dropped onto Fawnlock’s head and he shook it off, irritably. He was sat on a bed of leaves, his arms tight around his legs, chin on his knees, curled into a ball of misery. He gazed through the trees at a tent lit from inside by a flashlight, which was throwing the silhouettes of two young humans. Sounds from the tent rang through the clearing.
“Good?”
John blinked and realized his eyes had been closed. In fact, he may have drifted asleep.
—this is what Mycroft always does.
any more. The idealistic, gentle-natured boy that he once had been was gone. He made up his mind that night not to look back on the person he used to be ever again.
“Next Sunday, ma’am, all day. Was gonna do some range practice.”
“Gone.”
Alternately, skip the section headed "Thursday, 03:00"
I’m tired all the time but I think I’m getting stronger. I was second through the obstacle course today!
He watched as the bus rumbled down the middle of the lot and then stopped with a screech. Smoke poured out of the hood.
Fawnlock hated the Dreadful Boy the first time he heard him. Several days before, this vile interloper had begun visiting Johnny
Sherlock stared at him. “That’s highly unusual. A healthy male under the age of sixty will at the very least ejaculate in his sleep at least once a week.”
Bouncy guitar filled the car.
.” She stabbed a gray Brussels sprout savagely with her fork, held it in front of her critical gaze, cautiously sniffed it, and finally threw it, fork embedded, across the room.
“I don’t think you have an eating disorder; I think you are an arrogant snob who thinks he doesn’t have to listen to his body, and therefore I feel absolutely vindicated in teasing you as much as I like. Were the oysters good? Because I certainly didn’t get to taste a single one.”
“Thank you, Tim.” John watched as Sherlock slipped a $100 bill to the kid who looked like he was all of 15 years old.
“I was in medical school
“I noticed. Thanks for that, by the way. It’s been nice. For some reason, being touched by you isn’t abhorrent.”
Molly whimpered a little. “I am familiar with that exquisite instrument of torture, yes.”
“Sherlock? Are you all right? Are you in trouble?”
“Ya never asked,” countered Fiona.
There was no answer. He blinked, and the figure was gone. He stood still a long time; finally he gathered his courage to go check around the tree, but there was nothing there, and he could see little in the renewed darkness.
“All the girls know where you live,” Christine said mysteriously. “Now how’s about you give a girl a kiss.”
“Maybe so, honey. Maybe so.” Johnny’s mother stroked the fringe back from his forehead, feeling her throat tighten at the thought of how short childhood was.
“Hold on. You heard what I said in my nightmare?”
” Before John could move off the bed, Sherlock had knocked the gun from the one agent’s hand and had despatched her to the floor; he had extracted Maureen from the clutch of the other agent, who was now bent in two and gasping for breath. He hustled Maureen into their room, where John wrapped an arm around her shoulders and led her to the sofa. Sherlock stepped back into the hallway.
“We knew that would probably happen, yeah?”
"You were in some of it."
Sherlock was looking up at the ceiling, but he couldn’t see anything; he couldn’t think about anything but his desperate need to get off, and he felt a warm certainty that John Watson was the best thing he had ever come across in this entire world.
John felt Sherlock drawing satisfying, scratchy lines along his arms. It felt so
Instead, he carefully guided John, who was now in some comfortable boxers, to sit on the sofa. He sat next to him and picked up a box and a fork.
“Yes, John! Good! This is the Neptune Society’s Columbarium.”
His mother’s relationship with him was a balm for her in the stormy seas of dealing with Harry. When Harry was home--which was less and less often as the years went by--the house was filled with yelling and tears, a constant battle to try to hold back a young woman intent on doing everything she could to shock her parents. Johnny hated Harry. Of course he loved her, because she was his sister and he had to. But he hated how mean she was, how self-centered, how she made their mother cry and made their father so angry that one night he punched a hole in the kitchen wall.
“Why do they use cilantro?”
“Excellent. Close your eyes.”
“You don’t approve.”
“And rather unnecessary, given that none of their ingredients fall under either
“Got ‘em all?” John asked, eyeing the camera detritus.
“You’re quite wrong, John. I know you. You come from a lower-middle class family in Essex; your father was a violent alcoholic, and your mother died of illness, probably cancer, before you were twenty. You have an alcoholic sister who is recently divorced. You entered the Army in order to get your medical degree, as your family had no money for you to finish university; you could have been a surgeon but chose instead to work the front lines—I still don’t know if you were in Afghanistan or Iraq.
“Chains? As in ‘
“Harry! Get out! Get the hell out!”
He felt Sherlock’s tongue obediently still against his shaft and cursed himself for the stupid rules. This wasn’t supposed to be difficult for
“Hello, may I help you today?”
John marvelled at the shiny silver interior, the black and white photographs serving as wallpaper murals, and the general atmosphere of a place trying to preserve a time from another century. As they slid into a booth, John gaped at the sight of a private jukebox.
more of that, and I can guarantee you’ll feel all of it.”
This is the chapter where John talks about something bad that happened to his sister’s toddler. It was an accident, it’s in the past, and we don’t see the scene in detail, but if this sort of thing bothers you, I recommend skipping this chapter. You can leave me a comment or contact me at the email address in my profile and I can send you a version of this chapter without the bad bits.
The music shifted yet again.
(Jan 2016 note: obviously that plan didn't work out. I've been wrestling with health issues, but this is not an abandoned work.)
“Oh god,” John croaked. “Oh god please Sherlock. Yes please yes now yes do that please.”
“Pahn. Pahn!” Suddenly the deer boy became excited, his eyes widening. He grabbed Johnny’s other wrist and held it painfully tight and babbled some  incomprehensible sounds. Then he waved to the entrance of the cave, unmindful of Johnny’s hand still in his grasp. When he finished, he looked at Johnny expectantly.
“It’s a crime. You should be held every night.”
And then John couldn’t keep up. He was trying to count, and lick at Sherlock between the drops, and Sherlock gave up and just started sucking John continuously, and John swatted weakly at Sherlock, who had the nerve to grind up at him, and then a bunch of ice shifted and a stream of
The days are getting shorter and the air has taken on a chill. Fall is upon us once again. I wish you could see the colours of the leaves out back. I know you always loved the forest.
“Cold!”
He couldn’t stop laughing, and he kind of tipped over onto the ground, squashing more of the small tomatoes, which made him laugh even more. The deer boy threw up his hands and stalked off while Johnny caught his breath. He plucked one of the undamaged tomatoes from the pile and gave it a taste.
John took a swallow and watched Sherlock over the rim of the cup.
John peered into the well-lit, strangely underpopulated room that smelled, unsurprisingly, of stale beer. What was with all the seedy joints in San Francisco being well-lit?
It was her first sleepover at Fiona’s house. She’d brought her sleeping bag, but Fiona had suggested she might be more comfortable in Fiona’s double bed. And she was; it was just that Fiona’s pillow was too puffy. But it smelled like Fiona’s shampoo, so that was a bit nice.
“Hold
John fell silent.
Inspired by
Massaging John, though, had been different. When he touched John’s skin, he had felt a resonance within himself; a pleasure radiating back up his hands and into his chest. That had never happened before. He had lost himself in the process, becoming urgently invested in making John feel better.
"That was just mean!"
As they entered the crowd, a young man popped up in front of them.
“No no, Doctor, all gratuities are included. And you have been
Sherlock looked down and saw that John was completely soft. What had he done wrong? Everything had seemed to be on track.
“All right, all right. I believe you. Besides, no one else is foolish enough to be out here at this hour. Is this more of that drone music you were playing in the room?”
Several highly inappropriate responses flickered through his mind before he settled on, “I’m sorry, John. You know that I can’t not see these things. Perhaps I shouldn’t have said it out loud?”
She chuckled darkly. “Ask me again in a month. Tonight I feel like you orderlies do more for medicine than I do.” Seeing John’s puzzled expression, she sighed.
“I can’t believe she wants us to be able to
“Bye Mum, I’m going exploring!” he called as he stopped at the back doorway.
Sherlock sighed.
“Um. You were talking, and I felt your hands...and there was your voice, and...weird, I could feel my
“So what does John-centric pampering look like, then?” He tried to sound hearty.
Johnny learns what it means to be in the army; Fawnlock pines.
The artbus: I’ve seen raggedy buses at Ocean Beach, with and without wild paint, and I’ve seen art cars similar to this:
After John finished plowing through a caramel apple crisp—the most decadent dessert he could find on the menu—he slipped off his shoes and stretched out on the booth bench, back against the wall, sipping his third cup of coffee. The music service was tuned to some 80s nostalgia mix for the middle-aged crowd; misaligned, Sherlock thought, for a weekday morning in techie downtown SF.
The night of Christine’s proposition was different. He tripped bringing the bowl of mashed potatoes to the table for his mum. At dinner he knocked over his milk, which he hadn’t done since he was seven. He dropped his fork twice and banged his head on the table picking it up the second time.
"I didn't
Now Fawnlock frowned. “I am from here.”
This formerly quiet, unassuming piece of flesh that had existed simply as a useful conduit for urine had a personality change and became capricious, demanding, embarrassing. He found that if he didn’t jack off at least three times a day, unexpected erections made his life extremely difficult and undignified.
“Now, while you’re listening to my words, start to feel yourself in your body. Feel how the bed is solid underneath you. Notice how it feels to have your rump on the bed, how your legs feel arranged against the sheets. Feel your hands resting in my hands. Feel your arms connected to your hands; feel your shoulders connected to your arms. Feel your head heavy on your neck. Feel your back strong and long, holding up your neck and shoulders and attaching to your hips. Feel the muscles in your face. Feel your eyelids closed against your eyeballs. Feel the air coming in and out of your nostrils. Feel your tongue resting in your mouth.”
“John?”
Inspired by
“It would have happened within thirty seconds of us closing the door.”
After what seemed like full minutes of bliss, Sherlock pulled out carefully and took the time to watch the rush of fluids pouring back out of John. It was obscene and gratifying and one of the more fascinating things he’d witnessed. He bent to untie the knots in the ropes, and as he did it, he kissed John’s back and arse and thighs, over and over; unable to stop, feeling a compulsion to let his partner know how loved and cherished he was.
“Don't worry about it. Get out of here.” Angela winked at Sherlock and patted John on the shoulder.
16:45
“Want me to just shove it in there instead?”
Brandi pounded her friend’s pillow with her fist. It was softer than she was used to, and she had to fuss with it to keep it from smothering her nose.
“Harry left, lad.” Johnny’s dad looked at him sadly.
“For a doctor, you are a very cruel man,” he gasped.
“Okay. I’m in. Let the resting begin.”
“We need a few minutes, thank you,” Sherlock murmured.
“He...it was a locked room, windowless, and only one way in or out. Whenever I was...aware, enough, to try to go to the door, his henchman was always there to stop me. Of course, Moran was always there, anyway. He did most of the physical work. Jim preferred to watch. He only liked to get his prick dirty.”
“Don’t be sorry,” Sherlock said softly. “Do you want to talk about this? Or do you want to just move on to other things?”
“Ooh, John! We’re at Geyserville! That means we’re near The Geysers. Geothermal power plants inject water into the geysers field to produce steam, which causes cluster earthquakes.”
Sherlock’s hands were light over John’s, guiding him. He had to consciously move them away once John grasped a piece of sweet and sour gluten. The morsel almost made it all the way to John’s mouth before it dropped in his lap.
“Tell me what happened with Moriarty.”
“I thought perhaps if I knew more about what happened, I would understand better why he is pursuing us, and I could better prepare for the threat. I could do a better job of protecting you.”
Here are
The librarian started reading slowly, pointing to the words as he went.
: MP3 ZIPped
“Nonsense! I’d love to get you a Glenfiddich. Mark, a double for my friend John here, please.”
“These...Sherlock, these are
There was a person sitting in front of him, warm and breathing, who was baring herself for him, who wanted to have a sexual encounter with
Fiona seemed to come to a decision, and she scooted a little closer to Brandi in the bed and lowered her voice conspiratorially.
strategy…”
Sherlock was driving the little car very fast through a twisty, hilly highway with a great deal more traffic than John would have anticipated for this time of night. They were very close to the car in front, but then everyone was driving that closely to each other. John tried to push his frustration down and focus on the scenery--what little he could see in the dark, anyway.
. That’s that. Got it?”
“What was in the envelope?” John asked when they were outside.
I highly recommend it: it is beautiful, haunting, eerie, soothing. Maybe give the YouTube track a try and see if it’s your cup of tea.
. And then we will be on Highway 101, and we will get rid of any other annoying tails, and we will make our way up to Humboldt County.”
He listened to the rain, feeling warmer and somewhat comforted by the cuddling. The lightning came at longer intervals, and the thunder sounded further away. The pounding drops slowed to a gentler patter. Johnny shifted back to get more comfortable against his living pillow, and the deer boy snuggled his arms tighter around Johnny, sighed, and began whuffing lightly again. Johnny felt his eyes getting heavy. He thought he probably should keep watch--for what, he wasn’t sure--but he blinked...and suddenly the sun was shining into the cave, heralding a hot new summer day.
They parked in back of a large, institutional building.
Sherlock pulled smoothly off the highway onto a side road. He parked by some trees on the edge of the pavement.
Sherlock stared up at him with complete focus. Sherlock’s face was upside down from John’s perspective.
“Here, now, are you trying to kill me off? That’s not very nice!”
,” John concluded.
“I went to school, like anyone else. At first I attended a massage therapist’s school, but the training was too soft; too much emphasis on
“So you keep telling me.” John put his hands on his hips and twisted as far as he could in one direction, then in the other, hearing his back pop. “Make us some coffee?”
Sherlock guided him, with a barely there hand on his lower back, to one of the sofas. Before John could sit completely, he was rising again as a young woman in a bright yellow dress came over to them. She was smiling in a way that lit up her eyes and immediately pulled Sherlock into a hug, which he inelegantly returned.
“Would you like an eye mask, or would that make you uncomfortable?”
Sherlock decided to take this alone time to do some meditation. He realized he hadn’t been apart from John since John had arrived. Alone with his thoughts while John slept, yes, but not
“Caffeine is contraindicated in your situation, John. How about some herbal tea.”
“John. Stand down. We do not need to prove anything to anybody. You need to breathe, and you need to think about something else. Tell me why you hate your sister.”
“Surely you know you saved my life. John has asked me to move to London and I have accepted.”
“I have no doubt that you can, but this will help.”
“Sherlock,” he said softly. “Have you been fucked by many men?”
John sighed heavily as he exited the bathroom in a fragrant cloud of steam, wrapped in a thick terrycloth robe. He definitely felt better for having washed his travel day off. The products for the shower were of a quality he didn’t know existed; the scents were subtle and spicy, the feel of the liquids silky and rich, and his skin felt renewed and tingly from the scrub sponge he’d found. He fell upon the couch and put his feet up on the low table in front, noting appreciatively that Sherlock had put a football match on the large screen TV. Sherlock sat down next to him and handed him a pint glass with a head of froth on a rich, very dark stout.
“Good night, Sherlock.”
“Not helpful.”
“Holy shit, you dance divinely,” he said, knowing it was a cliché and not caring at all.
“Sherlock! You can’t go around in bare feet! You’ll get cut!”
“I mean, did you get off on it?”
“Oh John...sounds like you had an amazing scene.”
different
“Oh! Oh, I’m so sorry, I didn’t see you there! Not that you aren’t worth seeing, not at all. I just haven’t seen Sherlock in a while so I was all eyes for him, like. Well! Partner! Does that mean you two are...I mean...is he one of your...no, no, you wouldn’t bring...Doctor! Are you an ‘ouch, I’m bleeding, fix it’ doctor or a ‘wow, look at all those equations, that’s really complicated’ doctor?”
John sighed and rolled to his back, a compromise, and stared up at the ceiling. “How did that go sour so quickly,” he asked the plaster above him.
“Then how do you know so much about it?”
“Yes, yes! Exactly! You can take that with you, since you proved you can be trusted to bring things back. What do you say, shall we meet again next Saturday at the tea shop?”
“Oh shit, sorry!”
John took a moment to swallow, himself.
Sherlock chuckled and opened the full-size refrigerator.
“Are you going to eat that last bit of ‘pork’?”
“Mycroft seems to care about you a great deal—”
But beyond that, Sherlock was overwhelmed with the experience of giving so much obvious pleasure to someone that he cared about—okay, that he loved. Hearing and feeling John come apart was making it very difficult to mentally record what was happening for later analysis and storage. Though most of his body was lying untouched on the bed, the feeling of John all around his face was so affecting, and the sounds—mewling and whimpering and begging—were so satisfying that he felt utterly surrounded by John; he could think of nothing other than continuing to give him pleasure and keep him on the edge of orgasm for as long as he possibly could. Nothing else mattered, in a way he wasn’t even able to achieve during meditation—and of course, he would not realize that for a few days, because he simply
And as will be made clear in the next chapter: It really is not a good idea to Dom based just on reading a few books and attending a few demonstrations. Play carefully out there, dear readers, and watch out for yourselves and each other.
to covet.”
Sitting up slowly, he saw the deer boy tucked in just behind him, yawning and stretching. It looked like Johnny was stuck here in these woods for another night. He knew he should feel alarmed at the prospect, but he just felt sort of hazy and happy.
Yeah, I’m winging it here, folks. His training in this story is based on the fact that in 1991, the British Army accepted recruits at 16 years of age; the rest is based on current information about training which may not be accurate for 1991 Recruits 17 or under take
“Is he still deployed?”
“Oh Sherlock, Sherlock...I need you…”
He was trying to wipe off his tongue with his hands when the deer boy came back and dumped an fresh armload of the bright red fruit on the ground.
“John.” Sherlock stroked slowly up one of John’s arches with his thumb. “Why are you so averse to sex?”
“I’ll need a few minutes to get things set up. Why don’t you go ahead and undress,” Sherlock suggested.
“I was perfectly safe. I may never get another chance to see this phenomenon from the beginning,” Fawnlock growled, twisting to try to free himself from Moosecroft’s unrelenting grip.
John dragged Sherlock down into the wet weeds as an answer. He wriggled his jeans and pants to his ankles and lay on his front.
He dropped his hands and watched as she began to caress herself. First she cupped the flesh from underneath, using fingertips and thumbs to pinch at her nipples. She made soft, pleased sounds, and when he glanced up at her face, he saw her eyes were closed. She began to alternate between kneading the soft mounds and tugging at the areolae, pulling them out further than he would ever have dared.
Fawnlock thought and drew upon the words he had picked up from watching Johnny and random campers.
He was brought back down to his body for a moment as teeth bit into his other nipple, and he welcomed them, screamed his happiness into the cock gag, because he knew what was coming—and there, there it was, that burst, that incredible feeling. He loved Sherlock, so very, very much. How did he live without this incredible creature? He focused on the beautiful sounds coming from the angel underneath, nearly wept when he felt those long, sublime fingers stroking his purpled, throbbing cock far below, marvelled when cum spurted over his chest and onto his own chin. He knew that should have been the climax, as it were, the pinnacle of this experience, but it was a minor joy in the panoply of this paradise of whatever state he was in. He watched as tears streamed from his eyes, feeling fond of the fragile body he inhabited so much of the time. He saw Sherlock remove the nipple clamps—ouch! that really hurt, almost killed his buzz!—and lie down next to him, pressing his body all along John’s, stroking him and murmuring to him, that voice never stopping, a lifeline, gently removing the wrist cuffs, entangling his leather-bound legs with John’s, tenderly rubbing the blood back into his abused nipples, holding him close.
“You’re going to have a lump there.”
"We'll have to go to Mycroft."
“Did you solve any crimes while you were over here?”
“And I’ll not see my only child in the military,” his mother choked out. “I won’t lose you as well.”
“You’re wearing jeans. In bed. And I’m completely naked. My god, could I be any creepier?”
“Nothing but the best for my darling.”
“I’ve been otherwise occupied. Do you have a plan?”
Small waifs in the woodland wet
They walked for maybe an hour as the sun dipped lower in the sky; the air was filled with an orange glow. The birds’ songs were becoming quieter as they settled themselves in for sleep. Johnny ambled easily behind his new friend, unaware that this journey almost never happened due to a broken leg.
John took the cup but handed it back as soon as he smelled the alcohol.
Sherlock lowered the table and helped John off it, leading him to the bed and helping him sit.
, soldier!” McIntyre responded, a bit sardonically. She took a long pull of her doctored soda. “Seen any good procedures? And by good I mean absolutely disgusting, blood everywhere, guts on the floor, eyeballs hanging out.”
“Aww, there’s no need for that.” Sherlock pulled him down into his arms and kissed him, again and again, until the pout succumbed to warm, soft lips and tender licks.
“You’re bloody right it’s a problem. That’s fucking private, that is.”
any movement restriction at all. I would put a small gag in your mouth—
“John, don’t stop. I promise I’ll explain it to you.”
“Okay,” John mumbled, chastened.
Mum and Da
Lightning flashed and thunder growled much more loudly than he’d ever noticed at home. Johnny’s heart was pounding. He crouched at the base of a tree, clutching his backpack to him, the tears streaming down his cheeks almost indistinguishable from the downpour. He squeezed his eyes shut and waited for what must surely be the end of him.
Suddenly, Sherlock grabbed John and held him tightly, hugging him. John let out an “oof” and wrapped his arms around Sherlock in return, patting him awkwardly on the back.
. His mouth was dry; there was a dull buzzing in his ears.
“I wasn’t asking for your advice.”
Molly nodded seriously.
"It will slow us down, John."
“John!” he chided softly. “John, you’re going to have to try to hold still, at least a little.”
Sherlock’s phone rang. Sherlock listened for a minute and hung up.
“You must drink something. Doctor’s orders.”
“Moriarty?” asked John.
“Yeah.” She moved to mouth at his sweaty neck.
, please…”
“Can we do anything else for you, Maureen?”
“Oh John...oh...oh…”
“Did I?”
Not Brit-picked.
“I love you so much, Sherlock; I love you and I’m going to tell you every day, and I’m going to make love to you and treasure your body and make sure you know you’re loved and protect you and keep you from harm and you’re never ever going to have to pretend, ever again, you’re mine now and I’m yours and everything’s going to be okay now…”
John’s fist flung out and cracked against Sherlock’s cheekbone. Sherlock let out a muffled yelp and fell backwards onto the floor.
“I’ll have something.”
“Once in a while, they hit my prostate by accident, but that’s mostly unpleasant. I don’t want to feel that with a client. So I pretend; I’m very good at making ‘prostate’ noises. Every client who has fucked me has been certain he or she has been brilliant at finding and perfectly stimulating my prostate. I have been brilliant at ensuring they came nowhere close to that organ.
Sherlock pulled back to study John seriously.
“Fine. We’ll play the next song.” Sherlock thumbed the button to skip the rest of the song.
He watched, keeping his doubts from his face, as John positioned him once again on his back, against the pillows. John unearthed a new bottle of lube from somewhere—the toy bag, probably—and wriggled his way between Sherlock’s legs so that he was lying on top of him again.
After a few moments of quiet, Fawnlock looked back in the window.
Do you think he has audio? Do you think he’s heard our plans?”
it, he ruins
“He falls in love with her,” corrected John.
The alarm was still blaring, but the shouting and screaming were blocked by the thick fire door, so it was almost peaceful in comparison.
Johnny stared at her, unable to think of a single answer.
, which means ‘relating to books.’”
They were quiet for a few minutes.
“What—”
“I am not keeping you from London, John. The first week or two would be exciting, honeymoon phase, lots of grand sex, and then you would begin to resent me, to pine for your beloved city, and you would begin to wonder why you gave up all you loved for this stranger in your bed, and I would be left alone, and we are back to my broken heart and ashes in the Bay.”
, John. Listen. Listen.” Sherlock let his voice drop lower and quieter, heading toward something hypnotic and rhythmic. “Listen to my voice, focus on my voice. Let it fill your consciousness. Think about how it sounds, how it would taste if you could taste it, what it would look like if you could see it. Think about the air passing over my vocal chords, my lips and my tongue forming the words, the sound waves travelling to vibrate in your eardrums.” Sherlock’s words had slowed down, stretching and melting into something deep and dark like spoken molasses. He watched as John’s shoulders drooped a little and his face slackened its hold on its expression of disdain.
“To start, an autumn vegetable salad and cream of artichoke soup, followed by a grilled Berkshire pork chop with braised pork belly. I’ve paired this with the Côtes du Rhone, the 2008.” Sherlock opened the wine and poured a bit into a glass; he swirled it, smelled it, and tasted it.
“Keep listening to my voice, and at the same time, let the sounds of the room filter into your awareness. The sounds of the traffic below the hotel; the occasional honk, the faint sound of the wind outside our windows. The hum of the refrigerator. The ding of the elevator in the hallway, the sound of people walking past our door. Let these sounds drift and mingle with the sound of my voice, soothing you, holding you up, caressing your ears. Keep listening to my voice; let it be your lifeline. Keep feeling the breath pulling into your lungs through your nose and then passing back out into the room, bringing oxygen into your lungs, then going slowly back out. Feel the solidness of the bed underneath you. Feel how safe you are right now. Feel your knee against mine; feel your hands cradled in mine. Everything is quiet and safe. It’s just you and me in this room, and nothing else is important. Just keep listening to my voice.”
“Well, with such enthusiasm before me, I think room service,” John responded cheerily, pulling out the menu. He picked up the phone. Sherlock grabbed for it, and John danced away, keeping it out of his reach.
The Saturday after his confrontation with Mooscroft, Fawnlock wrapped a long strip of artificial fur, that he’d stolen from Johnny’s tent, around his forehead and his antlers; the hat no longer fit. He made his way to the village and walked into the book building again. The book man was at the wooden table-thing, as usual. Fawnlock placed his book on the leaf-strewn surface; he’d managed to protect it from the storm in the canvas bag in a tree, and it was in fairly good shape.
Sherlock could see John was rubbing his shoulder.
"We do what now?"
: MP3 ZIPped
to be judgemental.” She stroked his hand in a friendly way.
, you’re so good and I want to do so much more, I want to learn everything, I want to
He reached down and mouthed at one of John’s arsecheeks and sternly told his cock to be patient. Coating a third finger in some excess lube in the crack, he slowly tried introducing it to John’s hole. There was some resistance at first, and then the muscle released and he was in. He held very still.
Fawnlock shut his eyes and drew in a few deep, healing breaths. He opened them again and re-evaluated: if both humans had this horrible disfigurement, then perhaps it wasn’t an accident at all; perhaps it was the average human form. With his need to keep himself concealed, he’d never managed to get the correct angle to see Johnny’s
“Go on. Those of you who ‘
Mycroft leaned closely over the Contact Pool. He could see the Seal Person’s outline, but it was fuzzy, and Joaquin’s voice faded in and out. This is what happened when he tried to contact someone the first night of the Moon. Technically, there are three nights for the full moon, but the first and last are not as strong, and consequently communication through the Contact Pool was iffy.
“Book. Help?”
John looked down again and wiped the lidocaine off the wound. The cotton ball came away pink.
“I may have been a bit too...effective,” Sherlock confessed. “I will have to analyze this and assess which variables I left out. No time now.” He helped John to his feet and they began running down the stairs. Within two floors, they joined a flow of people who
“That’s it, really get to know them. Here, do both.” She put his other hand against her neglected tit and, overcome with gratitude, he leaned in to kiss her. They scootched closer together, and he began squeezing both breasts harder.
by Madeleine L’Engle.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and ignored this. “Have you heard of subspace, John?”
“Yeah, Pan, you know, the demi, uh, demi...the guy who plays that pipe thing.”
“What?” John asked hoarsely.
John took a long pull from his beer. It was his third, and he was feeling slightly buzzed.
“You’re not far off there.”
Johnny’s evening routine usually started with sitting down to dinner with his family, which was like trying to play a civil game of tennis while a football team used the net for goal practice. He would attempt to answer his mother and father’s questions to him about his day while Harry complained, whined, burped, and generally behaved as loudly and obnoxiously as she could manage. Then, after dinner, Johnny would do his homework in his room at his small wooden desk, catching up on the history of punk with bands like Stiff Little Fingers and The Ramones through headphones on his Discman. (The music was invigorating, helped him concentrate, and also blocked out the nightly Harry-and-Mum screaming match.) When his homework was done, he would brush his teeth, run a wet cloth over his face, put on track suit bottoms and a jumper, and head to his tent.
“I must begin
“Uh, he didn’t mention it. Said he’d read some books, been to some demonstrations?”
. Dreadful. Luckily, John made up for it by being fascinating and by giving and having the most interesting orgasms.
“Hey, Greg.” The desk sergeant smiled as the librarian strode in. A tall, thin young man wearing a knit cap was close on Greg’s heels. “How’s it hanging?”
More scoffing.
“Yes, John.”
I have been greatly influenced by multiple other Fawnlock stories, including
“This is more like it!” John began bouncing as well. He sang lustily along with the chorus:
“Quit complaining and give me your hands.” Sherlock took John’s hands and held them in his; his palms were open, cradling the backs of John’s hands, resting on John’s knees. John sighed heavily.
“Yes, please.”
“Crawl, Sherlock. Go that way.” John pointed ahead of them, towards some thick concrete-wrapped planters. More barely audible
“Not until we’re past Sausalito.”
Sherlock gathered John into a hug that was rather too tight, making John go “Oof!” and eventually flap at Sherlock’s back.
“Mm, this probably was good about ten minutes ago.”
“Okay?”
“It’s just my speed.” John smiled. “Sherlock, can I ask you something that is probably quite rude?”
“John, John—stop, stop, too much.”
John obliged by sucking it off, swallowing, and continuing to suck and lick until Sherlock was moaning, his nipple pebbled hard in John’s mouth. He bit and pulled until he could feel it was puffy and then held it in his teeth as before, flicking it with the tip of his tongue as fast as he could.
“It was very brave of you to come and find me!”
I have experienced the “chakra” energy or whatever it was that happened, when a massage therapist “brought energy” to the top of my head and “pulled it out” and held it there, not touching me. It was very strange and interesting and I have no idea what actually happened, as I am a rationalist and no longer believe, necessarily, in chakras and the kundalini. However, I also realize there are plenty of things we have not yet discovered, and far be it from me to deny my own experience.
“I’m FUCKING you as HARD as I CAN John, BRACE yourself you SLUTTY little WHORE…”
“I have one of these inside me?” he asked. His usual condescending tone was absent; his eyes were bright, intent.
“I want to wash you, Sherlock. I’ve never done it before. Won’t you let me?”
He heard rustling behind him; he turned and saw the deer boy stopped, several meters back.
the towel.
Molly watched John as Mark placed something that looked like wine in front of her. Or maybe it was grape juice; it was in an awfully large, ordinary glass, was quite purple, and was producing plenty of perspiration that slid down to soak the tiny bar napkin underneath.
“SHIT!” And Sherlock was spurting into the condom in John’s mouth, bucking so hard that John had to actively move with him to keep his mouth on him. He could feel the pulsing even through the barrier, and he wished he could swallow Sherlock’s essence; all he could taste was latex and a little watermelon sorbet.
“This neighborhood has gone rather commercial, unfortunately, but that’s San Francisco. ‘The things that spell San Francisco to me are disappearing fast...’”
Sherlock held his tablet in his other hand, but he hadn’t turned it on yet. Instead he took a deep, cleansing breath and allowed himself to begin thinking about the problem of London. He would need Mycroft’s help, that was clear. And depressing. And he would need to have a plan before he called his dear brother to have any hope of any control over his life for the next few years. Realistically, he knew that going back meant that he would have to humble himself and allow Mycroft a great deal of power over him for a while. Mycroft’s smugness would be insufferable, but it must be borne; John was worth that and much, much more. John was worth enduring anything, really.
“What, he’s not at home?”
“NO.”
But on his birthday proper, as he lay awake in the night trying not to listen to one of his roommates wanking under a blanket, he thought about how much his life had changed. He didn’t feel seventeen; he felt fifty. It was like a giant blade had fallen from the sky and cut his life in two the day that Harry pulled her magic trick of making all the family money vanish. On one side of the artificial divide: a fairly idyllic childhood, filled with loving parents, dreamy days of books of fantasy and science fiction, and the deep pine smell of his little tent. On the other side of Harry’s theft was adulthood, too soon and utterly unwelcome. His father didn’t make very much at his job in the forest service, nor did his mum pull in much dosh with her new job. Johnny was responsible now for keeping his family afloat. It was a heavy burden: one he shouldered with pride and without complaint, but one which weighed upon him nonetheless.
Slowly, he sat up and rubbed his face. Usually, at this point, there was no hope of going back to sleep; he would have to pass the rest of the night watching uninspiring wee-hours television and trying to forget the images that kept flashing across his eyes. He could still smell the ghost-scent of his own cauterized flesh.
John was stretched out, back against one arm of the couch, his feet solidly in Sherlock’s lap. Sherlock had been rubbing said feet for the duration of the film. John’s socks lay carelessly on the floor by the couch.
"And John. I never could have predicted what sipping the pollen would feel like. It was
“That was very educational, Sherlock. Thank you.”
And immediately howled in pain, falling back on the hood of the car.
a typical destination, but you really should come here once if you’re going to visit the Castro.” Sherlock steered them into Cliff’s Variety, a busy hardware store.
A cab pulled up in front of him.
yeah.”
“How long has it been?”
The server came to the table. John didn’t seem to notice how utterly bored the young man looked.
(See the end of the chapter for
. Wake
“Can’t I do both?”
“This is what I’m saying. Why can’t we find our own place to live—”
John began wrapping a long bandage around and around Sherlock’s foot, having decided there were too many nicks and cuts to make individual plasters feasible. “That’s not all you saw.”
"I guess she needs coffee too, Sherlock." He started laughing. Just then the coffee was finally handed through and Sherlock took off at a roar. John managed not to spill any. He turned around and looked; their tail hadn't gotten her coffee after all, and had to follow along.
“Feed you?” Sherlock perked up. “You mean in a sexual way?”
Fawnlock considered.
“John…”
, I tell you.”
“We already caught one fellow trying to get in through a window washing rig. There are no window washers scheduled for this month. SFPD already took him away. Didn’t see any of these black uniform fellows catching onto that.”
John woke with a start. For a half-minute his heart pounded, his breathing was fast, and he was completely alert and looking for the danger. Then he realized that he was inches from Sherlock, whose relaxed face and shut eyelids were golden in the afternoon sun blazing through the large windows. He shut his eyes and waited for the pain of the jolt of adrenaline to squeeze his heart as his system reacted to not using the extra energy.
“Indeed he is,” Sherlock agreed in a quiet voice.
Sherlock moved to the kitchenette, pulled a bottle of smartwater from the refrigerator, and poured it into a large, art deco-style glass.
“Uh...that’s probably enough to be starting with, don’t you think?”
“It looks like a primary school.”
The deer boy started to giggle. He got up and stomped his own foot.
“Wurdz.”
“Yes, I know what a
“Such a shame. Then let me introduce you to the pleasures of soapy flesh.”
“Yes, I know it is.”
“Yes. I found this button,” Fawnlock held up the tape player to demonstrate. “It makes audio book that not go back to start.”
“What is boyfriend?”
“Arrrgh!”
“Right, I can let you, a stranger I just met, see me at my worst, and I can use you for sexual services, and then in a few days I can go home, good as new, is that it?”
“My house! My house!” He began to run towards it. He saw his mum sitting on the back stoop.
“Oh, yeah, I think I’ll have to have some of those, please.”
“Mel’s Diner. Classic American-style food: breakfast, lunch, or dinner, any time. It is a few blocks from here.”
Their appearance screamed “special ops.”
Sherlock slipped out of a very extended meditative state and looked down at John, who was breathing quietly and evenly in blessedly untroubled sleep.
"Maybe you forgot which--"
“Subdrop.”
“Carry on then, Lewis Hamilton.”
"Fine, you can stay here and guard the car."
Besides, Sherlock had clearly gotten off on it. Well...almost.
He hadn’t even smiled; he had just gazed at Moriarty with eyes that he had known were shifting colours bewitchingly in the low light of the room.
John’s jaw clenched, and he shifted to stare straight ahead again.
Sherlock looked away, towards the glass door leading to the street. He felt hurt. It was strange. He had drummed the ability to feel hurt out of himself years ago.
“That was
“I shall do no such thing!”
“Not a problem. When I finish out this year, I’ll join the army. They take you at 16.”
“Sherlock, everyone has to sleep sometime.”
“I’m going to cum!” he cried. She continued to suck, and his muscles tensed as he began to pulse into her mouth. He threw his arm over his mouth and bit down to muffle his yelling.
“Wonderful,” John said lazily. Then he nuzzled at Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock held John tightly and stared blankly at the wall over John’s shoulder, unable to fathom how this sweet, troubled man could look at him as though Sherlock was worthy of him, as though he wasn’t a broken-down, bitter drug addict of a whore who offended and insulted anyone within hearing distance and, as he had been assured by his parents and his brother so many times, was entirely too clever to be liked (much less loved) by anyone, ever. He took his own turn to press his face into John’s neck and was quiet for some time.
“Just spit it out, John.”
“Ew, it’s like eating a vitamin tablet.” He crossed his arms and resigned himself to starvation. The deer boy looked at him, shrugged, and kept eating. He ate all of the whole berries and started scraping up the crushed remains, licking them off his fingers.
“Felix is soooo pretty…” Molly sighed.
: 19 MB /
Sherlock’s heart was pounding. He was thrilled. John was absolutely unpredictable. He could not ever remember feeling so safe at the same time as he was so fascinated. His cock, pinned under one of John’s surprisingly heavy thighs, was throbbing with excitement.
Glen Gray and the Casa Loma Orchestra "Smoke Rings"
Thanks as always to
“Sherlock? What’s wrong?” John was almost immediately at the doorway between the rooms. He was completely awake, his stance at the ready to face down any danger, nudity be damned.
“We agreed—”
“Oh Sherlock, you did an excellent job. You can order my meals any time.”
“Actually, shit. I do have something we have to talk about, and I think I know what you’re going to say, but I have to ask.”
: 28 MB /
“Cancel that, Maureen. It seems we’re going out. Right, you too.” Sherlock set the phone down. “Where do you want to go?”
Thanks for listening; more chapters to come as soon as I can!
“I think I can take care of that. Just relax and let this happen,” Sherlock said in a deep, quiet voice that made goosebumps rise across John’s skin. He pulled back a bit and met John’s lips in a kiss, his tongue licking its way into John’s mouth. John opened to him and Sherlock’s tongue slipped across his own, warm and soft, thick and wet. John let out a small, muffled moan.
“I’ll be in touch.” Mycroft closed the Contact abruptly. It was time to contact Joaquin, the Seal Person. Was he in Argentina or Antarctica this time of year? Mycroft sighed; perhaps it could wait until the next full moon. That would give him time to decide on a course of action.
“That’s fair. But what about you? Is it too much risk for you? If so, just let me know; I can wait until we’re tested.”
After a long time, John’s breathing evened out as Sherlock slowly slid his fingers through John’s hair. When Sherlock could tell that John had finally fallen asleep, he leaned forward and pressed a light kiss against the top of his head.
Just then the sun hid behind clouds again, and he heard a rumble of thunder. He was well and truly lost! And there was about to be a storm! What was he to do?
“Four o’clock.”
Both answered yes at the same time and the images rippled in the pool, providing a headache-inducing double image for a few moments.
The second time through, he sang it right with Greg. The third time he did it solo.
Huge thanks, as always, to
“Turn me loose, Moosecroft,” Fawnlock said in
John looked down. For a moment, his chest clenched. Could he do this? Could he trust this man he’d known for four days? His instincts said yes; his head was screaming for him to run. He thought for a moment. If at any point it seemed like it was going sideways, he should be able to fight his way out of this before Sherlock did anything permanent, like attach him to furniture.
“Oh fuck, oh fuck, thank fuck, yes yes yes that’s so
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sure, I’ll listen.” John’s voice was tense. He was about 30 seconds from leaving the room.
“We have about two minutes’ lead time before Mycroft’s algorithms spot us in that store on their CCTV,” Sherlock said, jerking the little car into reverse. “You can play with my feet when we get some distance on them.”
“Not me. I like sex. We’re having sex. Case closed.”
At first, Sherlock stared unseeing at the ceiling, unable to process what had just happened.
John took a bite of his rapidly cooling burger.
need this, it’s got sugars that your body is craving and you
“Fawnlock. Come back home. It is time for you to grow up and take your place amongst our people.”
“No, it seems to be holding.” They grinned at each other.
“Something the great Sherlock doesn’t know? Say it ain’t so.”
John moaned a little.
John was muttering in his sleep. Sherlock leaned over and brushed damp hair from his forehead.
“Not an option,” his father said, looking fierce.
“Nipple clamps.”
. All of his limbs were shackled. He was startled to feel his cock jerk once. He felt a little floaty.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Next, we would continue to enhance the sensation play. I would touch you, probably just fingertips to start, all along your skin. It might feel different than the massage; you would probably be in a somewhat altered state, and just like when you are drunk or stoned, your nerves might interpret the touch slightly differently. It might seem more intense. As you sink a little more into subspace, I would help you roll over onto your stomach so that I could play with your back. At this point, things that would ordinarily register as light pain, such as scratching your skin with my fingernails, might simply feel like an interesting sensation. At any time up to this and through this, you would be able to stop anything I was doing by spitting out the gag and telling me to stop, either what I was doing at the moment or to stop the scene altogether. I would stop instantly, without question, without judgement, John. All I want is to make you feel good; if it is not feeling good, there will be no point in continuing.”
“—with you, naked, and fall asleep until the sun is high in the sky, get up and get a very large breakfast, and then we’ll tackle all the tough stuff. Can we do that?”
“Yes, thank you, that’d be brilliant,” John said.
Inspired by
him like this; they always went straight for digging painfully into his shoulder.
As usual, this is a better chapter because of the wise advice of
(played by
“You’re welcome.”
“I’m going to do some more neck work. The technique may seem a bit strange, if you haven’t had this before; just trust me, and don’t try to hold your head up.”
He almost whispered the next part into Molly’s ear. “He put a
“Problem?”
Sherlock looked at him with an eyebrow raised.
“It’s okay, Sherlock. We’ll figure something out. Or we’ll just stay here. We don’t have to solve it tonight.”
“Just what it sounds like; many small earthquakes on a continuous basis. It’s fascinating to look at the USGS site for that area. All these happy little earthquake dots.”
“Yeah, all right. It’s Alice who told me about him. I told her I was tired of bein’ a virgin, and Alice said go see Johnny Watson, he’s the boy to take care of it. And I said right, he’s a footballer, but he’s never seen a pussy in his life. And she said just you go and try him out.
“So now you’re going to spank me instead?”
Sherlock’s impending second panic attack was broken.
Johnny’s mother closed the book.
And John wriggled so hard that Sherlock lost his grip.
I understand that the culture I was raised in and live in doesn’t happen to value the medicinal properties of deer penis, and I also understand that as a meat eater, I am a hypocrite for being squeamish about killing animals for eating. However, I still feel that vivisection is cruelty (vivisection is purported to be useful to aid the medicinal properties, according to my inadvertent research).
Seven Dub "Seven Dub - Rock It Tonight"
John stared at Sherlock blankly. Sherlock came to the bed and, moving slowly and deliberately, began to pull the wet sheets away from John, unwrapping him. John lay limp, allowing it, breathing like someone who had run a mile.
“We can do plenty of talking. But right now, I think you need a different kind of therapy.”
“Don’t call him ‘sir!’” was shouted from across the room.
John immediately stripped out of all his clothes and hopped back on the bed. “Then get over here. I want to ravish you with no one watching.”
Finally, she pulled away.
. It was quite beautiful.
’ need to give those of us who ‘
“I checked out a book for us to work with today. I know this book is for little kids, but I think it’s an okay place to start out. Don’t want to start too hard and get discouraged, right?”
“Two and a half.”
John shook his head and tabled the puzzle once again.
Warning: the rating will likely change to E in the next chapter, with teenage sexuality involved (for characters aged 13 thru 18).
“Good. I won’t do too many today; the point of this is to care for you, not to bring you more stress. But I think relieving a few of these key spots will help you feel better when we’re done.” Sherlock did the same procedure at two points in John’s lower back: first under his good shoulder, down by his scapula, and then at the base of his neck, right under the occipital bone. There he dug in his fingertips and held, leaning over John’s head.
“It’s okay, John. It’s been a while. It’s okay. Did it feel good?”
“Um. There was one time. At home. When I almost...but. It didn’t happen. He had to go.”
They stepped onto the marble floor in the cool, large entrance, and John stared up and around for long moments.
“You’ve already
“Here, try a Kings.” Sherlock decided that pouring the drink into John’s mouth would be going too far. This was all a bit more complicated, more emotionally strange than he had expected. John took the beer and gulped down a healthy swig, then another.
Sherlock moved around the end of the table, brushing his hands over every inch of John’s right leg but not pushing, not grabbing. He moved up to lift John’s right arm onto the table and stroked it completely; finally, he stood at the head of the table and slowly moved both hands on John’s neck and up over his hair, covering the skull and holding his hands against John’s head for a minute. It was oddly intimate.
: 9.4 MB /
she began to read.
Fawnlock sighed heavily. Didn’t these humans know
“Johnnnnn! Just fuck me already!”
“Yeah.”
“Just raising the table,” Sherlock warned as the table indeed lifted under him. “You won’t be too high, but it needs to be at an ergonomic level for me. I’m going to touch you now, John. Very lightly, just on your exposed skin, just to wake it up and acclimate you a bit.” Sherlock began doing that, laying large, warm hands on John’s back and stroking slowly, without pressure, all over his back until it was coated with a thin layer of oil. He carefully pulled John’s left arm up onto the table.
“Don’t be absurd. I’m a brilliant diagnostician.”
“You bet I am.”
“Obvious, Sherlock.”
“Do you want hash browns, home fries, or grits with that?”
“Our sincerest apologies. We’ve been setting up ever since we first learned of the breach, which was approximately 20 minutes ago. There have been some...obstacles. We promise there will be no more incidents.”
happens. Why on earth would you want to tongue me
“...or...or don’t, it’s up to you, I don’t have to know. I just…”
“Sherlock. You haven’t lost me to anybody. I have never felt about anyone the way I feel about you. I’m yours, you idiot. No one is going to change my mind about you: not your brother, not the bloody prime minister of England, not the Queen herself.”
Molly sighed. At least she won the “touch the corpse” battle.
“Fine. We’ll just wait until I’m driving again.”
“Fuck!”
, John, that’s
The beast man knelt next to Johnny, set down a cluster of wooden pipes on the grass, and reached for Johnny’s leg. This time Johnny didn’t make a murmur of protest. The deer boy’s head was resting on his shoulder as he watched the beast man, unblinking.
“No. Nothing doing. This song...they used to put it on every time we came in the pub. It was funny the first 50 times and then it started to get old.”
John nodded.
“Just in case we get separated. You don’t have your phone with you, do you?”
Sherlock said quietly, “I thought we agreed that I’m your therapist now.”
John began squeezing his cock again and started flicking at his nipple—a new, startling feeling. Sherlock began to make little whimpering noises in the same rhythm as the squeezes on his cock. The pulses around his aching, turgid flesh...the flicks on his now-sore nipple...the incessant tongue-fucking of his tender mouth...all of these layers were building, and he could feel his balls draw up towards his body as his orgasm began to gather, getting closer, approaching so that he could finally—
“You know I love Sherlock, darling,” Molly continued. “I’m not saying he did this with any ill will or bad intent. I think he did it because he enjoyed the scene so very much and was eager to try it again. It’s just because he is so darn inexperienced! Before you two play again, it would be good if you could talk to some people who are in the scene, who have a lot more experience than you. It would be good if you could read some books yourself, maybe attend a few demos, start to think about what you might like. It’s good that Sherlock’s scene worked for you, but maybe that’s not all that you’d like, or maybe you wouldn’t want that every time. Maybe you’d like to be the Dom once in a while! You are both so very, very new to this, and I’m so, so happy that your first experience was a positive one, but I think it’s time to put on the brakes and take things more slowly and naturally now.”
Hidden by the trees, but near Johnny’s tent, Fawnlock practiced walking. The trainers felt alien upon his feet, and the trousers rubbed uncomfortably in strange places.
“It seemed fitting.”
John stretched his arms high above his head and rotated his shoulders. Sherlock ran a finger between each of John’s toes.
“None of that,” Sherlock teased. “The point of this exercise was to keep you
Sloping hills, barely visible in the dark, had given way to trees standing so close to the highway that it felt more like a country road than a main thoroughfare. The forest was close...too close. John began to feel claustrophobic.
Sherlock watched as more tension leeched out of John’s body, and he felt a bit of tension leech out of his own. He resisted the urge to squeeze John’s hands in relief.
“OHHHHH…” Sherlock groaned, bucking and writhing so that John had to pull off for a moment. “Oh...John...do that again, please, do that again.”
“Absolutely. I can drive any car, anywhere.”
“Yeah, you do, we all do.”
“Do you want to hear this, or do you want to pass judgement on things I did in the past?”
“She cleaned out our bank account,” his mother blurted. “Nothing left, no savings, nothing to live on ‘til your Da’s next paycheck.”
“Right. The fuck. Now.”
“Come on now, I’m rather desperate here.”
“Um.”
“No John, the real practice is much more subtle, much more elegant than that parody of power exchange that they show on television and in movies. True BDSM, when done properly, can reach into your psyche and your soul and uncover hidden mysteries and previously unknown wells of power. It can be astonishing and wonderful and transporting.”
me, I want you in me forever, I don’t ever want to be empty again, now move,
“Okay, okay, I just think it sounds weird. Like, ‘Sandy Beach.’ Or, ‘Beach Near Water.’”
John looked up, eyebrows raised in a question. Sherlock took the fragrant hotel bath gel and poured a generous amount into his large hands, lathering it up. He turned John and began to knead it into John’s skin, working it into his neck and back with as much massage as the slippery soap would allow. John reached out and braced himself against the wall, groaning as the shower jets found tight muscles along his front. Sherlock dragged his hands down to John’s buttocks, pulling and kneading; then he firmly let his fingertips slide into the crease, and though John gasped, he didn’t move away, and Sherlock carefully cleaned that most private place.
They decided that John would have to make the call to Mycroft, explain the situation, and ask for his help in coming up with a plan. Sherlock was extremely unhappy with this approach, but there was nothing to be done about it. And they could not call until the next morning; while Sherlock had no qualms about calling Mycroft at 03:00 London-time, John flat-out refused. So Molly left them when she was certain that Sherlock was past his crisis, and when they found themselves alone again, John forced a large bottle of blue Gatorade on Sherlock.
A cheer went up from multiple people at this, reverberating in the bare vertical space.
“John, John...please…”
“And what do you mean by,” John cleared his throat a bit, “‘meet
A can of red paint was splashed onto John. The protesters cheered loudly.
[postmarked Lyndhurst, 15 October 1991]
“The Pacific ocean currents bring chilled water from Alaska to the shores of the American Northwest year-round. When the wind is blowing from the beach, it acts as a natural air conditioner, which keeps San Francisco temperate, while the East Bay and the Central Valley are baking in a more traditional summer climate. You should hear the whining around here when the wind blows the other direction.”
“Ah. Miserable Morrissey.”
“Oh for god’s sake!”
“Tell him to fuck off!”
(See the end of the chapter for
If the song hadn’t ended, John wouldn’t have heard Sherlock whisper: “He frightens me.”
splashes of warm fluid inside him, and he felt smug, satisfied, as though now he had irrevocable proof that he was John’s.
“Wait a minute.” Sherlock sounded very much like his old self. “When you say ‘busted his cherry...’”
“Okay.”
“I guess it’s a bit soon to be thinking you’d want to commit yourself to me, to sign a marriage certificate or something. Ridiculous, really.”
“Sorry, too much physical therapy, I suppose. Had rather enough of the excruciating pain over the past year.”
“Indeed. You might want to open the sun roof so you can look up at the towers as we go over.”
“Sex was always something fun; something you just did. I’ve been with women and men—more women than men, for what it’s worth. Never had a serious relationship, never wanted one.
“No, of course not!”
Sherlock forced himself to pause, panting.
“Yes, really. Allow me a tiny element of surprise.”
As they rounded a bend, a stag leapt into the road in front of them. Sherlock slammed on the brakes, and they came to a stop about ten feet from the creature. The deer turned his head and stared at them calmly.
“Right? He just kept talking and talking...it was like his voice was wrapping my whole body up in liquid sex.”
around John, who bit his forearm to keep from shouting. A moment later, John was unloading jet after jet of hot jism down Sherlock’s throat.
“Press this button, and it starts. Here, you try.” The book man took Sherlock’s hand and pushed his fingertip against a piece of the box. It clicked, and the voice began again. Ah, somehow that was controlling the voice. The box did some sort of magic that made someone talk. The book man pushed his finger against a different piece of the box, and the voice stopped.
; I could
Inspired by
“Here, let me get it, haven’t you ever seen a zipper before?” Johnny said as the deer boy grunted in frustration. Johnny opened the bag and pulled out the damp bag of crisps. Then he saw the soaked paper at the bottom.
“And you are under mine.”
Sherlock exchanged a look with John that read, more or less,
He was in the middle of messing up his hair in an attempt to fashion it into sexy bedhead when a baby raccoon ambled into the tent.
“Really? Well, yes...I suppose it is.” Sherlock’s smile was smaller and a bit shy. “That’s not what most people say.”
“It’s a black BMW sedan. About five cars behind, right lane.”
“What is that, some kind of new age music?”
John chuckled. Sherlock opened the door and ushered John into the restaurant with a hand on the small of his back. Sherlock watched John shiver a bit at the touch. Then John was distracted by an old song, “Unchained Melody”, playing through the speakers mounted overhead.
“Chilled water, tea, or something a bit stronger?”
“Don’t worry; as I mentioned, falling asleep is the greatest compliment a masseur can get. Some of this may be a bit painful, but it should be no more than a 2 or 3 on the pain scale; let me know if anything goes over that.”
“You want to know about the sexual aspect. You want to know if this is ethical: whether I am comfortable with this job. The sexual services are optional; you will not hurt my feelings if you decide not to indulge in them. It is entirely ethical and, in fact, legal in the city of San Francisco. I am paid well and, as I mentioned, your gratuity was more than generous. I have been a Companion at Saint Regis for a year now; I am extremely good at my job—I daresay the best in the Companion business—and I enjoy it immensely.
“Let her go at once! That’s Maureen! I’ve known her for a year, she wouldn’t hurt me if a gun was pointed at her head!” Which was an apt thing for Sherlock to say, seeing as another agent was doing exactly that.
“Oh, what a little sweetheart!” She stroked a fingertip down its back, and it chittered.
“Please. I’m begging you. I can’t take this any more. Please—” Even as John was saying this, Sherlock’s palm was pressing firmly against his hardening cock. He’d been bundled into bed fresh out of the shower; Sherlock was touching his bare skin.
“That was about a five point three, maybe three seconds. Hang on, I need to log onto u-s-g-s dot gov.”
“Of course, Johnny,” his dad answered, giving him a questioning look. “Remember to take your plate.”
“I really just want to crawl into bed—”
The lights of Santa Rosa had been left behind. The road was flat, bordered by homes whose lights were off, likely filled by peacefully sleeping families. John felt the vast darkness around their tiny vehicle and he shivered. The music had shifted to something low, with the ominous tolling of a bell. He looked over at this man he’d just met a week ago. Sherlock’s profile was visible in the headlights of oncoming cars, clear for a moment and then hidden until the next car drove past.
“Both, dear John, both.”
“Not. Your. Decision.”
What was he feeling, exactly?
Sherlock made an appreciative noise, which was mostly cut off by the thick member in his throat; he pinched the nipple and
“You’re going to just pick up and leave here with a total stranger.”
John sighed. “Yes, I’m sure that you
Brandi turned on her side, propping her head on her arm, which had the added benefit of keeping her nose out of the fluffy pillow.
He grabbed a strap of his pack, dropping the compass in his fright, and began to run, zigging and zagging through the trees in a panic. He ran as fast as he could as the sounds of thunder came closer together, until his breath was too short and he had to stop. He leaned his hands on his knees, panting, and the first drops began to fall. He looked up in dismay.
He pulsed his tongue against the entrance for a while, letting John get used to the feeling of something touching the outside. Then he used the tip to start probing the smooth folds. He took advantage of the unexpected use of his hands to tickle and tease at John’s balls, allowing his fingers to slip, every now and then, up to caress John’s shaft, which led to aborted arse movements.
“What’s that?” John asked, peering down the block at the overhead signs. “‘Good Vibrations’. What is that, some kind of hippy store?”
“Haven’t felt the urge.” John watched Sherlock’s face closely for pity. Instead he seemed to go oddly blank.
“It’s because of you, John.”
is reasonably accurate. As Fawnlock’s body is part deer, I’ve decided that he has a very deer-like penis. In my ‘verse it stays mostly retracted behind a patch of fur until he is ready to rut.
Thank you to all who were so patient through this. I'm sorry it took so long to complete, but completed it is. I hope you enjoy.
John unfolded the soft cloth napkin in his lap. “What will you be having?”
Sherlock smiled, and the uncomfortable spell seemed to be broken.
“Okay, no group. That’s fine.” The librarian spread his hands to look harmless, and Fawnlock stopped moving but stood a few steps back, watching warily.
“And how do you propose to do that?”
John chuckled again into his mouth. It sounded cruel and fond at the same time. Sherlock felt overwhelmed; light-headed.
“You’d better go wash your hands to be entirely safe. You don’t have any cuts, do you? A bit late for me to be asking.”
Now beta'd by the marvelous and patient
She glanced back over at him and, for once in her oblivious life, seemed to notice the expression on his face.
that? Was he really so easy to read?
First, a promo for startswiththeridingcrop, who does excellent,
John crawled up the bed and pulled Sherlock to him. They were both sticky and sex- and fruit-scented. John cradled Sherlock’s head against his chest and slowly stroked his fingers through Sherlock’s curls, making an absolute mess of his hair. Sherlock rolled over and buried his face against John’s chest.
His tension didn’t ease. This was an unfamiliar situation; he had to be ready for anything.
He was staring straight ahead, with not even a glance at John. In the flashes of illumination, John saw that his expression was blank.
“Did you enjoy it?”
John burned his mouth sipping from the too-hot tea when a commotion sounded in the stairway they had just climbed up. Sherlock clapped his hands in delight.
John slowly slid his hand between them again and resumed his gentle squeezing. He took his other hand from Sherlock’s head and slid it in a meandering path that led between their chests. His fingertips grasped a nipple and began pressing it in a counter-rhythm to the cock squeezing. At the same time, John began to thrust his tongue very slightly into Sherlock’s mouth.
John’s eyes went dark as Sherlock nipped and bit in light, unsatisfying toothings all over John’s lips. John tried to lick, to encourage Sherlock to shift to a real kiss, but Sherlock pulled away and fixed him with a hard stare until John relented, grinning, and Sherlock returned to his punishing mini-bites.
In the hallway, there was utter chaos. The sound level had risen; the regular lighting had gone off and the glare of emergency bulbs lit everything in stark black and white. A crowd had jammed up at the entrance to the stairwell and two agents were trying to unsnarl the problem--unsuccessfully, as the blocked door had created panic. The alarm was almost deafening in the hallway. John looked towards the other end and saw that two agents were busy trying to detain several sinister looking people. He looked over at Sherlock, who shook his head slightly and made a “don’t worry” face.
“It’s on
“Something wrong?” John mumbled somewhat inaudibly into Sherlock’s skin, not letting go of his grip on the nip.
One more chapter to go, dear readers, and it is
“Be sure that you do. This cannot go unpunished.”
"Are you kidding? I'm not letting you go in there by yourself."
Thanks for listening; more chapters to come soon!
Sherlock; I don’t want to hear any more excuses!”
the blow job and maybe a rimming to boot!”
The storm let loose.
“Yes, a
“Nope. Not ready for that.”
me, I want to feel you! I want you to tie me up or I want to tie you up and blindfold you and gag you or
“Being a drug addict was exhilarating. And then it was mind-numbing. And then it was...bad. And then it was just how I lived. And then I stopped. I don’t think there’s anything in that story you can use to help anyone else, or to understand anyone else. I am in this, as in all other things, unique. Sorry to disappoint.”
“Exactly. The thing is—
“Hardware can be used for many things, John.” He led them over to an aisle with big bolts of chains in a display on the wall. A bearded man, dressed entirely in leather, was holding a length of silvery chain out, discussing something seriously with an older woman in a flowered dress.
“Sherlock, I know they do things differently at Cambridge,” Mycroft intoned in dry, nasal superiority over the phone as Sherlock rolled his eyes. “But I assure you that there are some things that will not be in your best interests. Do not tell the dons what they have got wrong. Do not sleep with the wrong boys. And do not, whatever you do, for God’s sake, partake of cocaine.”
“Oh, just some jeans and a school jersey. Nothin’ fancy.”
“You know perfectly well what this is, you heard me order it. Now take off your t-shirt.”
Karl the concierge is named after Karl the air traffic controller in
Sherlock was sat at the desk in his room, typing on his laptop. He was sketching out a plan for returning to London.
“Perhaps. But little is better than Shostakovich.”
Please see notes at the end for warnings that are slightly spoilery. Note also the Archive Warning.
(See the end of the chapter for
This file was created using Audacity and Steve Daulton's Noise Gate. Now with new, improved recording equipment!
“Then you shall have me, John. The only disease I could possibly have contracted is HPV, and I was vaccinated a year ago and have been clean on all my tests; I am confident neither of us will infect the other with a single STD. Now come with me to the shower. I want us squeaky clean, because I am going to open you up with my tongue.”
John was regretting his pledge to never tickle Sherlock. All he could do was cross his arms and pout.
“What?”
“John, come on, let me show you around a bit. Isn’t it beautiful in here?” Sherlock was speaking in unusually hushed tones. “This is Harvey Milk. He was one of the founders of—”
Felix pulled John off the stool and into a very close and grindy sort of dance. John laughed and went with it. Felix turned around and pushed his sweetly tight ass against John’s crotch and cheers went up amongst the tightly packed dancers around them. John put his hands on Felix’ waist and swayed his hips.
“Three months, John. We can only be certain of the tests three months ago.”
“Well, the first part’s right, anyway. I could punch you for keeping me in the dark about the sniper.”
“Feel around a bit, push a little. You should feel a pulse, a rhythmic movement under your fingers.”
Note that I have never tried to teach anyone to read before. I suspect that this is not at all the best approach, but it's Sherlock, after all, so have faith. (Librarian Lestrade hasn't led any of the reading groups, he's doing his best!)
!” Johnny was speaking very loudly; maybe if he was loud enough, he could get through to this weird creature. He tried stomping his foot as the deer boy had.
was the cherry on the top.”
around, and you were both
: MP3 ZIPped
John considered that for a moment.
“Of a sort. Thank God, blood pudding never caught on over here.”
(“Of course we have a language, idiot!”)
“Whee! Yay! We’re drying off!” he sang.
“I do have eyes and ears, John. I heard what you said in your nightmare; I saw what set you off today. Of course I can’t know all the triggers yet, but I am quite sure that loud, sharp noises are one. Having red paint thrown on you is another.”
He risked a quick look in the window at the scene. Johnny was sitting on his bed, his back to the wall that had the window in it, and Dreadful Boy was sitting next to him. A little too close, at that. Their arms were touching. Johnny had one of those leaf piles on his lap. Fawnlock looked more closely at the two leaves displayed, and he saw that there was a drawing of a human on one. The human in the drawing had none of the artificial fur coverings that Fawnlock was accustomed to seeing; the pink skin of human faces and hands was extended to cover the entire body in the drawing. The drawing had a strange-looking
“I need you to sit up, John. NOW. Come on.” He manhandled John into a sitting position and handed him the water.
Sherlock went back to stroking John’s back for a few moments.
“What, from The Smiths?”
“You saved our lives.”
“GAWD YES JOHN, YOU’RE SO FUCKING TIGHT, BEND OVER, JUST LIKE THAT”
“Fawnlock, it’s good to see you! I’d given up on you—and on this, thanks for bringing it back. You want a ‘book better’—you want a better book? Maybe a better story, one suited for a teenager?”
Sherlock got out of the car and pulled John to the side of the car park, past the bright lights. “No one can see us over here.”
“I think it’s going to be similar for me. You’re right, I’m not just willing, John. I’m
John stood and looked out the window over the dramatic fog that was rolling in so quickly it looked like the opening scenes of
“What I’m asking is: have you ever
“I’m sorry. That wasn’t very consensual.”
John woke to the feeling of strong arms surrounding him and a warm body against his. He sighed and snuggled in closer, feeling safe. Slowly, he opened his eyes; inches from his face, he saw Sherlock gazing unfocused over his shoulder, presumably looking out the window. He let the awareness of the hour before he’d fallen asleep steal into his consciousness, accepting the fact of a second panic attack, accepting that he’d been foolish to run out into the street just because of a little disagreement. At least, it seemed little now; at the time, he’d felt betrayed by Sherlock’s nonchalance.
Sherlock kissed John, but this time it was much, much slower than when they first entered the room. It almost wasn’t a kiss; he touched his lips as lightly as a whisper to John’s, again, and again, the faintest of brushes, and John agreed with his own mouth, licking just to wet his lips but then skimming against Sherlock’s, just hinting at the idea of kissing.
“No. I will have to soon, but I’ll put that off as long as I can.”
“I think you’re ready for the last cuff,” Sherlock said. His voice was deeper than usual, smooth and soft. It was reassuring. John sort of wished he would keep talking. Sherlock reached over for the bag with his absurdly long arm, not leaving his perch under John’s foot, keeping his other hand on John’s ankle. He gently moved the cuffed leg onto the bed and brought the final free limb into his lap. John felt the soft leather under his heel; felt Sherlock’s long fingers stroking against the top of his foot and rubbing briefly into his arch. He groaned with pleasure.
“Go John, go John,” yelled Molly from the sidelines.
“Just breathe, John. Breathe and relax and feel the fullness of my fingers inside you, opening you up. You are going to be so very open for me, hot and wide, ready for my thick cock. I’m going to lube my cock up so slick and then slide it into you, deep inside, until you are full of me, and then I’m going to pump you full of my cum, John. You’re going to be full of my jism, and it’s going to drain back out of you when you stand up, because you are mine now, and I’m marking you, I’m marking you as mine.”
“Let me show you. I promise it won’t hurt.”
“Hello?”
John was now as far across the room from Sherlock as he could get, pseudo-casually standing in the corner near the door, holding the glass of ice water with his free hand on the doorknob. Sherlock was sitting on the sofa in a relaxed position, keeping his body language open and non-threatening, his posture as small as his tall and lanky frame would allow.
Sherlock’s face went blank. John plowed on.
John chuckled.
Street, and headed for Market. Sherlock followed, a half-block behind.
John sighed as the movie ended. “I hadn’t remembered how eerie that movie was. And that music...extraordinary.”
in love with him. I was so fucking grateful, it’s sickening to think about. I wanted to...shit.” John rubbed at his face. “I wanted to
And then there was his cock.
will know, and...and I’ll be…” Sherlock began hyperventilating again.
This file was created using Audacity.
“Come on, come on,” he yelled as they waited at the elevator.
“If you get up,” John wheedled, “there might be rewards.”
“How do you feel about cilantro?”
“Nice to meet you, Molly.”
Instead of stroking, John began to squeeze, pulsing his grip around Sherlock in a leisurely rhythm between the warm crush of their bodies. It felt delicious but was far from enough sensation to get Sherlock off.
“John went to The Stud. He busted his Stud cherry.”
Sherlock leaned down and murmured directly in John’s ear.
“Don’t do things that require stitches, and I’ll be happy not to stitch you up.”
B-52's "Give Me Back My Man"
Sherlock’s mouth dropped open. John’s voice had gone dark and commanding; the power in it had made the blood rush from Sherlock’s head into his erection at an unprecedented speed. He was ashamed to hear himself
“I’m so sorry,” his mother said, putting her hand over Johnny’s on the table and swallowing back a sob. “We wanted better for you.”
“That’s not going to do us any good! We don’t know what’s northeast of here! ...Oh, I guess it doesn’t matter, just so long as we find a place to sleep for tonight,” Johnny sighed. He straggled along behind the other boy.
Being handed power by John, for whom it was a bigger act of trust than for anyone he’d ever known, was so heady that he had nothing to which to compare it. It was better than cocaine; it was better than the best orgasm he’d ever had. He was instantly addicted. Being handed John’s trust, the faith that he would keep John safe, would take John to an altered state and make him feel good; that was something he now craved and would chase for the rest of his life. He was hopelessly hooked.
“I want to see that entire bottle gone before we go to sleep, mister.”
“I’d rather you didn’t.”
“Yeah, I wanna find out what that cricket bat you’ve got in those shorts feels like in my mouth.” She grabbed his left hand and sucked a couple of fingers, swirling her tongue around them. Johnny felt his knees go weak.
