. Sherlock knows everything about living in limbo, and John has asked not to have to stay in the limbo between being or not being…
“Great. Then a few days’ delay won't make much of a difference anyway. Talk to someone. Your companion should get an explanation. He considers you his best friend and he’ll be the one who finds you.”
It’s an absent-minded gesture most of the time, and he doesn’t allow his thoughts to linger too long on the images and thoughts the sensations provoke. His reactions to what happened are surfacing frequently enough without him further cultivating them by dwelling on them.
“How did you get into that?” Selma asks, leaning a bit over the table in order to catch John’s attention as she speaks, as John had been turned towards Sherlock and Matthew.
“You know him better,” she offered again, smiling. “But tell me; if he’s always like that, why do you work with him? Not that you seem to be one to judge people, but that man seems to infuriate you rather effectively.”
“Now, I'm going to ask you a few things.”
Leaving the flat will be a gamble at this point - too little sleep and too much clutter in his head - but Sherlock won’t tolerate any more unnecessary delays on this case, so it will have to do. He gets to his feet, the air against his bare skin making him shiver slightly, and composes a quick reply to Beta before putting his phone on the nightstand and heading over to the dresser to get clean pants. There’s an urge to cover himself up, but that kind of modesty would certainly be redundant given the kind of activities they were engaged in just ten minutes prior.
It's just an abbreviated version of the mental list Sherlock has, but he gathers it's enough to convey the message that Sherlock is both putting effort into giving a ‘sensible’ answer and knows what he's talking about.
As soon as he’s pushed the words out, Sherlock turns around, meeting John’s surprised look.
It’d taken 32 minutes, but the patterns were replaced by a slow drowsiness, and Sherlock had caught himself staring at the rug for seconds without registering much thought.
Brainwork and danger are, not surprisingly, decidedly better when it comes to managing certain symptoms of his deficiencies than the Oxazepam ever was.
This is the part that he fears the most.
Conditioned, sexual response to certain kinds of pain and a vague and rather objectifying sexual attraction to John's more dominant behaviours notwithstanding, sensation is his main motivation.
In the end, Sherlock finds that even a text conversation with a chameleon psychiatrist from his past is preferable to his own thoughts at 5 am.
“What are we looking for?” John asks, instantly turning the computer around so that the screen is towards Sherlock.
It ought to feel alarming, at least a bit, but it doesn’t. None of it does.
If John’s to spend time looking at Sherlock’s naked body, then Sherlock assumes that he too will see it more often, and with other eyes. And admittedly, Sherlock appreciates symmetry and neatness in every other aspect of his appearance. Why would this be the exception?
Lips breaking contact, and John leans his forehead against Sherlock’s shoulder as he breathes, pants, pressing against Sherlock, who’s pushing up against him, their cocks sliding between them with the aid of sweat and precome.
’ - invaded him on the second day, but he was too sick to give it any thought. Now, as his stomach is slowly adjusting, the desperate unease comes in fits and is almost paralyzing.
“Yes, you did. There’s no reason to deny the truth in what you said.”
And Sherlock is wide awake in his dim room, but he still can't distinguish actual threat from benign fear.
Shutting the door carefully behind him, Sherlock moves silently up the stairs, hoping against hope that his brother's unannounced visit is already over, but as he reaches the thirteenth step (a left footstep), he hears the unmistakable sound of John's barely restrained anger.
“But that’s not what you want, is it?”
Opponent Process Theory in this chapter:
- a hypnotic drug (sleeping pill) with molecules very similar to that of benzodiazepines, but it’s not classified as such. In some countries (well, in Sweden at least…) it’s often counted as a benzo and treated as a narcotic, because of these similarities and the level of tolerance increase.
(Resignation or frustration?
- because it wasn’t supposed to be like this. John is on his feet and Sherlock is leaning against a counter, and there’s four-and-a-half John-steps of distance between them -
John's mouth is close, so close all of a sudden, his words almost spoken into the skin just below Sherlock's ear.
John looks like he’s about to back off, about to roll off Sherlock and as much as Sherlock wants that, he doesn’t want to give John any more reason to consider Sherlock’s crossed wires and his strange needs, and so Sherlock looks up at him, defiantly.
(John; needing -
Compensation according to Wikipedia:
“Hey, watch it,” John mutters, and it comes out sounding strangely normal, like John wasn’t the least bit taken aback by the sudden flurry of morning rituals that are now apparently taking place at the same time and at the same space as John’s.
(See the end of the chapter for
From a distance, he can hear Selma’s sharp inhale, her whispered protest: “John…”
It’s in the way John frowns whenever there’s only one room vacant and in the way he’s pointedly reminding everyone that he himself is not gay.
“Or rather things you’d let someone else do to you. Is that it?”
- being something temporary.
This time, John makes no attempt at hiding his disbelief.
It's only when he's certain that he's completely alone, with no risk of being interrupted, that he can sometimes manage to feel more fully at ease, or at least as much at ease as someone with his particular mind is capable of.
“Yes!”
It shouldn’t be a surprise that his brain would misinterpret other things than pain.
And Sherlock lets John’s hand guide him until he’s sitting against the tiled bathroom wall next to the toilet, to which he wants to stay in very close proximity. He holds the flannel to his forehead and tries to breathe in a steady pattern. It’s doesn’t quite work, but at least he’s not hyperventilating anymore. The tiles are cold, and ground him even through the fabric of his pyjamas.
Sherlock lets out a breath and repeatedly runs his thumb over his fingernails, the sensation as familiar as it is - objectively - pointless. Subjectively, however, it does serve a purpose.
An intrusive thought is an unwelcome involuntary thought, image, or unpleasant idea that may become an obsession, is upsetting or distressing, and can feel difficult to manage or eliminate. When such thoughts are associated with obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), depression, body dysmorphic disorder (BDD), and sometimes attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), the thoughts may become paralyzing, anxiety-provoking, or persistent. Intrusive thoughts may also be associated with episodic memory, unwanted worries or memories from OCD, posttraumatic stress disorder, other anxiety disorders, eating disorders, or psychosis. Intrusive thoughts, urges, and images are of inappropriate things at inappropriate times, and they can be divided into three categories: "inappropriate aggressive thoughts, inappropriate sexual thoughts, or blasphemous religious thoughts".
In one passage John mentions feeling like he and Sherlock act almost as one, finding it both beautiful, profound and terrifying. This is a phenomenon called ‘identity diffusion’, meaning that the person might sometimes have a hard time understanding where the other person ends and where they begin. This makes for quite a tendency towards codependent relationships, which is something that John acknowledges having with Sherlock.
(That what had felt like losing his mind could be-- ‘
“Why do you want to know this? Is this some kind of random sample to compare to the case?”
is not the catalyst- he says, the words tumble out of his mouth as his hand once again shoots up to brandish the Rubik’s cube at John, “
“Is that what this is about? I’m not on anything that a doctor couldn’t prescribe for my current symptoms. I repeat,  I do not intend to end up being stuck on either narcotics or tricyclic antidepressants, but if forced to choose one of those two in order to manage, I would return to popping my prescribed little helpers.”
“I know what synesthesia is, you berk. I did go to medical school.” John stretches a little and adjusts his position a bit before his hand comes down to resume its absent-minded stroking of Sherlock’s hair. “It figures that you’d see the world differently, quite literally differently, than most of us plebs. I’ll just have to try not to be quite so pleased the next time you’re about to doze off, then.”
network.
And John does leave. Closing the bathroom door slowly behind him as Sherlock stares at it, willing it to open again, willing John to return with some water or just simply return. But John is more irritable than people commonly believe, and when John feels left out of something he tends to turn sour. Sour. Bile. Sour. Bile. Sour. Bile.
“You need a new razor,” comes a hoarse voice from the door.
To continue. Yes. He wants that, very much.
It’s not unlike the rushes Sherlock’s experienced hundreds of times before, after a temporary pain has stopped and the excess pain-relieving neurotransmitters are yet to be reabsorbed. Experimenting with pain is hardly a new thing for him, but this is slightly more... intense. The vulnerability of it, the flush on his cheeks that can’t be blamed solely on the pain and the contrast between how John’s hands are touching him now - gentle, almost caressing, soothing - and the way they touched him just moments ago.
Sherlock’s body finally relaxes back against his own, and John lets his arm stay where it is, resting against Sherlock’s side and holding him.
“Well, being effective isn’t on the top of your priorities, so I don’t expect you to see my point. Your focus is more on proving something, mostly to yourself, but also to some of the people around you - especially your younger cousin - proving that you are not as impractical, lazy and emotional as you’ve always been told. I’d agree, you aren’t. You are willing to work hard when it suits you, but you lack the internal motivation to do anything that doesn’t offer instant rewards. You consider yourself more or less ‘cured’ from this impairment since you found a job that provides just the right kind of instant gratification and adrenaline that you crave, but it’s not working as well as you like to tell yourself. The more frequent relapses of your bulimic tendencies is a proof of that, as is your nicotine gum and the way you find yourself saying things you regret afterwards more and more frequently.”
For a definition of self-harm, see Self-Harm part I in A Study in Floodgates.
There are questions, but for now, they’ll have to wait.
(It shouldn’t feel like this. Relief should not be part of what makes shame burn on his face.)
Resigning himself, Sherlock decides not to argue with John on this. John’s far less tetchy when his blood-sugar levels are stable anyway.
This is the puzzle that needs a solution if he’s going to live long enough to tackle many others.
“Someone’s been here recently. Found yesterday’s paper over in the kitchen,” mutters John.
It's almost too easy, and yet, it's not.
“And you’re not blind, despite all evidence to the contrary.”
“That’s why you’re so captivated by her. You liked it. The way she challenged you.”
“I wasn’t referring to the case.”
“I must say, your friend is certainly less predictable than most. Embarking on this kind of… entanglement. But then he never was one for self-preservation.”
Instead of slamming the drawer shut, Sherlock rummages through the contents. It's not the first time he’s invited himself to look at John's things, and if John stays it will probably not be the last time either.
It's a hateful word, even more so than ‘delusions’, because it only goes to highlight the fact that his own logic and determination hadn't been enough to override these things. That they still aren't.
Now, no more than a minute later, Sherlock fills his lungs with a last, deep breath and John feels the characteristic give of the mattress as Sherlock gets up to his feet, leaving the room.
“I’d like you to, yes.”
Apparently, the lethargy-inducing effects of prolactin and the almost meditative sensations brought on by John’s fingers have efficiently short-circuited his mind; and at some point Sherlock must have stopped paying attention to what was coming out of his own mouth.
A breath, then he’s following right behind John, catching up with him the moment he gets the door open.
As Sherlock leaves the bathroom, wrapped in a dressing gown and towels, John is back in the flat. Sherlock refuses to acknowledge him, because ignoring him seems preferable to attempting (and possibly failing) a neutral reaction.
- in order to enable the new patterns to be incorporated in his structures.
“So, this PANDAS thing… If the blood work confirms that hypothesis, you could theoretically get medical treatment and be cured?”
Sherlock knows this is not the solution to his problems with living. He wishes that he was naive enough to actually believe that it is, but that kind of rationalisation - or rather self-delusion - is not something his intellect will allow, not even after the cocaine crosses over the blood-brain barrier and things become far more… agreeable. Drugs are, however, effective when it comes to making those problems seem irrelevant. When Sherlock is high, the world is seldom dull.
“You think I lead you on? Sexually?”
(Would he hate the sensation of it if it was someone else's stubble?)
“No. It's not- Look, I just think that we might need to establish exactly what each of us are OK with, alright?”
He’ll give himself a few more days.
. Pull the strands of John's hair three times -
(There must be a logic to this, there must be tells people learn as they continue to engage in these kind of activities, because what's happening now is inelegant, if not at all unpleasant.)
“It’s not that simple,” John said, feeling how it was perhaps the understatement of the day.
- John’s hands on the table as he rises, and Sherlock can’t look -
Eyebrows slightly raised, John’s expression indicates that he expects more of an explanation for this suggestion, since it's unusual for Sherlock to show any interest for John's profession except when it comes to his usefulness as a medical consultant at crime scenes.
“I have no idea what you’re actually asking.”
(Exhale, inhale.)
It's hard not to look at those hands as they work the zip, and it's even harder not to look when Sherlock pushes his trousers and pants down, stepping out of them and hanging them over the shirt on the chair. In a way it's like watching an accident site; you don't want to look but you can't help feeling your eyes still roaming over it.
Without his conscious permission, his muscles must have gone pliant, or at least pliant enough so that when John's hand began guiding Sherlock's chest slowly towards the surface of the table, it hardly registered in his mind.
Which leads him to this; Helena knows more about his malfunctions than anyone else, Mycroft included. Knowing what she already knows about him, there’s not much Sherlock could do to make her think even less of him, so one pathetically hopeful question can’t really make matters worse. And while he hates every direction this conversation can take, he won't be able to store it away until he's asked this. Because he needs to slay dragons before he becomes the hero he ought to tell John not to believe in.
Their breaths still close enough to mingle, both of them refuse to be the one looking away first.
Only once John has poured coffee into a mug - not offering any to Sherlock - does he look up. Their eyes meet, and John takes a seat on one of the kitchen chairs, giving Sherlock an expectant look.
“Now, tell me. Is she alright?” Sophia says, and for the first time since he’s met her, her eyes are steely and unrelenting instead of silently fearful.
Sherlock has always subscribed to the theory of physicalism in this question; the mind being nothing more than matter.
hand.)
John rubs a hand over his face, wincing a bit before he reestablishes their eye contact.
as if the mere thought is so disturbing that he finds it almost impossible to believe.
And Sherlock decides on two separate actions right here and now.
- body, though he is unable to resist  a brief moment of watching the reassuring rise and fall of the duvet.
The answer - which takes the form of a statement - comes in a taxi, two days after their return from Baskerville, when Sherlock suddenly breaks the heavy silence.
He’s never particularly liked not understanding what he sees in someone’s eyes when they look at him, and the way John’s face--
At age 33 Sherlock knows that caring is not an advantage. If he ever doubted it, he would know from the restless tension in his mind ever since he kissed John. The dread of what consequences that could bring had been present even before that kiss, but after that, it was increased to critical levels. Sherlock isn’t good, and Sherlock cares about what happens to John. The dissonance between what he wants and what he wants to want is creating disturbances in his mind palace and disarray in his thoughts. Another dissonance; John claims to want to be with Sherlock, but Sherlock knows this to be highly unlikely. It’s probably more about John not wanting to be without their life of adrenaline and being needed but it’s really up to John to decide that for himself. The problem is that Sherlock can’t live in the limbo between what’s said and what he knows will follow. It’s better when it’s over. Sherlock doesn’t care about himself, but he cares about avoiding more self-loathing, which he finds to be a problematic issue when he tries to trust his instincts in the Work. Most people already loath him; if he loathes himself as well then why would he even bother to solve crimes and fight to get his deductions and solutions heard?
Straightens up a fraction.
Sherlock has never been particularly good at existing in the the limbo between question and answer. And almost every sort of social interaction in which you find yourself wanting or hoping for something from another person consists mainly of that limbo. Therefore Sherlock has made a habit out of being self-sufficient and not looking for what he wants in other people. The strain of not knowing is never worth it, he’s found.
“My intellect may be unaffected, but exposure to a good dose of neurotoxins might have slowed my body down a bit.”
John never falters in his eye contact, watching Sherlock's face instead of his body as Sherlock pulls his jacket off, hanging it over the back of the abandoned chair behind him. Steady fingers work the rest of his shirt open, pulling it out of his trousers and unbuttoning the cuffs.
Sherlock shakes his head slightly at John's question, indicating that John isn't wrong about what he said. John wonders what it would take to make Sherlock actually say more than a few words when they're touching like this, but he figures that it's just one of those things that he'll have to find out in time, if he will be allowed to continue whatever this is.
The effect of the narcotics had, however, been nothing like what John had hoped it would be. Instead of falling asleep, Sherlock had practically vibrated with over-exhausted energy as he carried out conversations that seemed to involve at least two people that weren’t actually physically present, all whilst attempting to clean the flat up in a decidedly counterproductive manner.
It’s easier now, easier with the proximity blur and the tactile sensations.
Sherlock takes a step back, reaching for his phone, willing the pressure in his bones not to override the thoughts that are racing in ultra rapid. John gives him one last glance, one more nod before he puts the Hobnobs down and walks slowly towards the sitting room -
“And you’re still not going to tell me what you’re looking for from this lad at the school?”
“Delusions.”
(It’s only a hypothetic question anyway.)
Next up; more kink.
For a few seconds, the pain and the feeling of John's fingers sliding down - dipping into the suprasternal fossa and continuing down bare skin and then over the thin silk of the shirt - are all that Sherlock is conscious of. For two or three seconds there are no simultaneous thought processes, no distractions, no background noise in his mind.
Sherlock wants to bite his lip, wants to look away, but he does neither. It’s a role he’s taken upon himself at this stage; the almost disinterested way he will respond to all those questions that might make John realise just what a--
John lets Sherlock lick, tongue and suck on the finger in his mouth for several minutes before he pulls it out, lingering just a second on the saliva-wet bottom lip. Using his free hand, John unbuckles his belt and unbuttons his trousers, making Sherlock watch him.
Sherlock doesn’t, however, protest. He just lies there, something vile and hateful prickling his eyes and it might be anger or self-loathing or shame or resentment, but Sherlock only knows that it’s hateful and intense and that it’s John’s fault - or maybe it’s his? - and that this was never a good idea to begin with.
Sherlock adjusts the cuffs of his new shirt, frowning to himself in the mirror.
It only takes Sherlock a few seconds to think through the implications of every part of the phrased pattern and some of the sudden pressure is eased. Not vanished, but manageable.
“You ready?”
John is used to being questioned, verbally harassed and summoned when shaving, brushing his teeth, putting product in his hair or even clipping his nails, but this--
With every curtain in the room drawn to close out the harsh daylight, Sherlock is lying on the sofa with his hands pressed together, creating a calming sensation. The dim, unintrusive light paired with the pressure on his palms in addition to the 20 mg of Oxazepam help to limit his now constantly elevated level of distress, allowing him a momentary respite during which he can direct his thoughts towards a recently recognised problem.
; his breath ghosting over Sherlock’s clavicles and his hand finding its way up into Sherlock’s hair once again. It’s smooth against his fingers, and John has always wanted to touch it. Now he can.
Licking into Sherlock’s mouth John finds that pressing his erection against another man’s cock doesn’t feel quite as foreign when you are in control of the proceedings. And when the other man is flushing and eager but you limit his movements with a grip on his jaw it is a sensation quite unlike most things you’ve felt before. No matter how it all ends John will at least know what it feels like.
Sherlock shudders, feeling his skin prickle as the warm air in the taxi starts to feel almost suffocating, just like the feeling of having the table pressed into his ribs, and mechanical kind of pain radiating and forcing him to--
Lying besides John on their kitchen table, Sherlock's is struggling to regain control over his own breathing.
(John.)
The first thing Sherlock notices as he exits the cab is that 221’s door knocker is no longer hanging asymmetrically.
And he might hate John just a bit for all the turmoil he's causing, but that doesn't seem to change what is now inevitable.
“Could you at least try to be a bit careful? Those haven’t been dusted for fingerprints yet!" one of the new crime scene techs snaps while seemingly holding herself back from just grabbing the books from Sherlock's hands.
“We don’t have to - while you’re affected by the withdrawal. Take this any further. Right now, that is. I’ve-- you already know I’ve… had it too. Before we met. It’s… all fine, just like… other things.”
They sit in silence, nothing happening in the building in front of them and the air getting thicker and thicker between them. Soon, one of them will need to open a window if they're not going to suffocate in here, Sherlock thinks, unwrapping his scarf. It’s suddenly far too warm.
Sherlock considers not answering, because there's really no question posed and there's also no answer he's willing to give, but as the seconds go by, Sherlock finds an answer forming in his mouth, and he wonders why he'd give John that, but in the end, he does.
As his mind comes back online, he opens his eyes to see that Sherlock’s already zipped himself up and is now picking up two empty, unwashed mugs, heading towards the sink without a single glance in John’s direction.
(He doesn’t even consider it a risk anymore, and that’s the problem, isn’t it? Because it can hardly be considered to be a ‘risk’ if there’s nothing to lose.)
(I wasn't allowed to write any longer in the end note (this is not a usual problem), so I haven't managed to fit in all the manifestations of the executive dysfunctions - feel free to add any you see in the notes. Ehm... I will be less verbose next time.)
Sherlock does. He wants it, and he wants it more and dirtier and closer and harder and rougher and more bare. But it doesn’t matter. It shouldn’t matter. Because if the cost is being just what people tell him that he is - a freak - then it’s not worth it; a few minutes of sensation for a lifetime of proving that they’re right.
Based on the time of day - 7 pm - John will hopefully be out for several more hours. He rarely does errands in the evening, so it must be something social. And while Sherlock does not care about himself being a bit smelly he does care about the feeling of mites crawling into his skin due to all the old skin cells and dried sweat, and therefore a shower is necessary. Meeting John with mites all over himself is not something that would help if Sherlock decides to pretend that nothing's the matter except for one of his usual black moods -
(Too much? Too soon? Too unmistakably male? This could be the tipping of any of those scales, and Sherlock’s mind is preparing itself for the rejection and--)
A slight disruption of routine, this kissing thing.
The expression of John's face is one of anger, and Sherlock finds himself studying a pair of darkening eyes, more curious about that brief flash of anger he sees in them than he is on the text that provoked it.
Before that, Sherlock had considered John’s military career to be useful in terms of the skills acquired and the addiction to adrenaline that it clearly suggested, but it had still been an abstract concept that was part of John's past.
It's afternoon and they've spent six hours not talking about it. Six hours of catching up on the latest research in biochemistry, showering, trying a new piece on his violin and trying not to think about what John said about “a bit of rough”.
The queasy feeling seems to be spreading to his stomach. Sherlock tries to stay very still, hoping that the sensation will pass.
“Or this one. Asking what the kebabs are actually made of at some kebab stand in Camden market. She suspects it’s dove meat.”
‘Tie me up and fuck me,’ Sherlock had said, and it had gone straight to John’s cock even then, in the midst of all the awkwardness and embarassment of their discussion. The thought of Sherlock, physically restrained, wrists reddened from pulling against the bindings, unable to away from whatever John was doing to him--
“How recent?”
It’s not a risk - it’s a certainty. Sherlock’s taken it into account, but the calculation doesn’t seem to have anything to do with the result.
? “I put it in your cabinet in the bathroom, in case you want to get rid of it yourself.”
Sherlock ignores John's words, hearing only the familiar sound of his voice taking on the tone that means that he wants to be annoyed, but can’t be bothered.
(‘So loyal so fast, your little… friend,’ Mycroft had said with his mock-innocent face and a nauseating smile after the first few weeks of their cohabitation.)
Also; this turned out way longer than it was intended. And consists only of sex.
“Are you suggesting you functioned  well before the Clomipramine? Additionally, this is not about how things were when you were seventeen, Sherlock. What I’ve seen these past few weeks is not someone capable of functioning just as well off medication as on it.”
It's the first thing Sherlock has said since lunch; since John inadvertently revealed that he considers symptoms like Sherlock's to be truly mental. John’s brow is slightly furrowed, though he’s pretending he’s not looking at Sherlock the way one looks for the last piece of a puzzle. It’s clear that he’s trying to figure out what caused Sherlock to suddenly end their conversation, then remain at the table for five tense minutes before shutting himself in his room.
my senses all ignite
John waits for Sherlock to proceed, and Sherlock is willing to. It’s what needs to be done, and with his suit on it’s easier to merge himself into a persona - into the played confidence of someone (of some part of him) that takes pride in what he is in this regard.
“Sherlock. Look at me.”
John had stumbled upon - and had unintentionally stumbled
The case is over, and as they left the Yard, Sherlock had made no secret of how dull he had found the whole thing.
Dead animals were replaced by observation of murder victims. He couldn't dissect them, but they still held far more appeal than the birds or mice he’d been able to find as a kid.
- looks at him intently for several seconds, like he's trying to translate something Sherlock just said in a foreign language. Sherlock still feels the urge to look away, but the room around him is too bright for his eyes, and John's midnight blue is the only restful thing in his field of vision. The rest burns in his vision like the grey day outside did just before the silver bird reappeared and smashed all hope of that he might have gathered enough logic to permanently erase silver birds, trumpet sounds and calendars from his mind.
- probes and pushes before Sherlock understands that it’s not just meant to be a sensation; it’s his cue to open his mouth, to let John in.
She has a point, so Sherlock keeps his mouth shut, or maybe he keeps his mouth shut because he can't really be bothered to form any coherent sentences at the moment.
“Alright. Just one more thing.”
He doesn't bother with safety goggles, but knowing from experience just how distasteful the smell of acid burning skin is, he does put on his gloves before pouring a colorless liquid into the Erlenmeyer flask, where it mixes with the compound he's already measured out.
The come down after a
(If this had actually been what was called ‘love’ and not merely a manifestation of mental illness, he’d still want nothing to do with it. It is clearly not compatible with effectiveness, rational thought or even reasonable priorities in a situation where he needs every ounce of focus to make sure they make it out alive.)
. Dislodge.
That’s why Sherlock decides to go from a dosage of 175 mg Clomipramine one day to taking none the next day. That’s also why he - on the second day without the tricyclic antidepressant - is bent over the toilet in a desperate and rather undignified manner while John doesn’t believe a word he’s saying about bad shellfish. Well; John might know that he’s lying, but he’d rather John know that he’s lying then know the real cause of Sherlock’s sudden onset of nausea, anxiety, dizziness and irritability. If John hasn’t found out about the psychotropic drugs in the year they’d lived together then there’s no reason he should find out now, since Sherlock’s quitting them anyway.
John turns his head to look who Matthew's talking to, and feels himself almost choking on his beer.
Sherlock briefly considers denying doing any such thing, but after two and a half weeks of increasingly awkward interactions, even attempting to deny this would probably be considered an insult on both their intellects.
There's a huff that could be laughter breathed into Sherlock's mouth, but Sherlock isn't sure, because he fails to see what there is to laugh about. There’s too much to think about at the same time - the neurochemical responses to oral stimulation, the physical reactions caused by the tugging on his hair and the way he needs not to let any of these things show too much. Not yet.
They are close enough to the village to call for a cab now. Picking up passengers from outside a rehab clinic in the middle of the night is something that the cabby is sure to remember, and therefore an unnecessary risk.
a silhouette collapses at my feet
John’s eyebrows raise a bit as if surprised by his own movements, and he looks away from Sherlock, his hand slowly withdrawing from Sherlock’s arm.
This notion hits Sherlock about the same time as he feels the burn of a second finger pushing through his anal sphincter. Anal penetration could either be seen as the ultimate homosexual act or it could actually be seen as the act most resembling that of heterosexual penetrative sex, at least for the person who’s penetrating the other. With this new perspective it’s suddenly a bit easier to let it happen, to let John do this. Because it suddenly makes sense for John to want this as well, not just indulge Sherlock in his… homosexuality?
John looks almost as taken aback as Sherlock feels in that second, but then John averts his eyes, returning only as Sherlock's words break the stunned silence.
One of the men they had questioned earlier that day had tried to appeal to some kind of good will on Sherlock’s part, implying that as a fellow gay man, Sherlock should be able to relate to him, and to his reasons for not to disclosing the true reason he'd been seen at the scene of the crime when the police had questioned him earlier.
Apparently, Sherlock's not been demonstrative enough.
It’s always easier when they don’t talk about it.
John dislikes being
The vibration continues and Sherlock snaps out of the mental images of suffocating chaos and sweat-drenched panic only to return to a reality that is disturbingly similar to those images. The buzzing sound is not helping, and he fumbles for the phone until he finally finds it tucked away halfway under his pillow.
“I’m crap at this, you know,” John says conversationally.
First;
After three seconds have passed by, it occurs to Sherlock that John might in fact fall asleep at any minute, leaving Sherlock alone with the humming and the swooshing and the beating–
I’ll make excuses during day
John works two buttons of Sherlock's shirt open, the V now extending all the way down to the edge of his sternum.
- conclusion that Sherlock isn't, in fact, suffering from depression. That fact aside, Clomipramine is hardly the first or even second line choice for treatment of depression.
“We're almost at the village,” John says, interrupting Sherlock's sorting of the new facts. “Now would be an excellent time to call a cab, don't you think? I would prefer to get home before my shift starts in… oh, four hours.”
John’s expression loses some of it’s sharpness, then regains it. He tightens his grip on Sherlock’s hair again until it's almost painfully hard. John's looking at him, and Sherlock fights not to let his eyes tear up from the sharp pull on his scalp.
Lifting his eyes, giving a nod, Sherlock takes in John in.
Clearly, not thinking has never been one of Sherlock's most cultivated talents, and so here he is, trying to repair any potential damage instead of leaving it be.
It’s not a sulk, though. It isn’t anything, really, Sherlock thinks as he rips the sheets off his bed in order to rid the room of the smell that will otherwise keep evoking sensations that he can’t currently afford.
“Very well. As your brother, I think I’m allowed to feel some concern at the fact that you’ve begun purchasing narcotics off the streets.”
He was a “difficult case”. Initially due to his intellect allowing him to “compensate” for some of the symptoms, according to one doctor, and later due to the fact that he began “cooperating”, which in his case meant that he distributed various false leads, pointing to a multitude of different diagnoses, making the doctors feel they might be onto something only to suddenly shift tracks and make them think that another trail might be what they'd been missing previously.
(“You don't pick up on these things, these normal, human things, do you?” John had once said, rubbing at his own face in frustration.)
. They don’t touch much at all except when their bodies crash together and there are no breaks and no words, and they definitely don’t ever touch like…
Pushing both trousers and pants down just below his balls, John pauses to give himself a moment. He wants to say something, something crude and Not Good and something he’d never dreamt of saying to anyone else in a situation like this, but the words seem to get stuck in his throat. It’s filthy, but then all of this is; this isn’t about making love or even about having sex, and he wants to say that, to make that very clear with a few chosen words, but even with Sherlock looking like he does right now - eyes less focused, head pulled back, cock fully erect against his bare stomach - John can’t say it.
And yet those are not the worst - or most terrifyingly plebeian and naive - amongst the words he's just uttered.
[   ]  = Not Applicable
“Yes.” He finally answers his own question, nodding to himself, no doubt taking in everything that Sherlock’s face is betraying at this moment. “Yes, you do, don’t you?”
And for once the choice was easy.
Something in his face must have given him away, because without letting his hand leave Sherlock's hair, John leans a bit forward to better see his expression.
could be gay. Gabriel was neither flamboyant nor ashamed of his sexuality, but was simply pragmatic about it, knowing that his temporary teaching job and being in an openly gay relationship was not compatible.
Sherlock sighs, because clearly John isn’t going to let this go.
. It’s exhilarating, suddenly, to be able to do this to John, to be able to transform something in this man simply by giving him what he needs -
Inadequacy made visible.
“Your choice. Though I’m not going to use the information you’ve given me,” Sherlock says, turning around towards the door, catching John’s surprised face in the corner of his eye.
Clenching his fist, Sherlock turns and starts to feel under a nearby tabletop for anything that might be attached there.
In a building a bit further down the street, his brother is working steadily to ensure that Sherlock’s odds of survival are kept as high as possible. At Baker Street, Mrs Hudson must still be confused over her tenant’s strange behaviour. Somewhere in London, Lestrade is trying to solve some mundane crime that Sherlock couldn’t be bothered with.
Everything's too easy, Sherlock thinks as he turns the Bunsen burner on. It's too easy, and that makes it almost impossible to endure.
“Former addict,” Sherlock corrects, voice aiming for ice, because that’s how his intestines feel. John’s never used the words--
Sherlock should not feel this. This…
It’s about patterns seen and calculations made, as are all things. Like the return of the patterns, which was to be expected, but the calculation of his own reactions to the patterns has proved to be deficient. He calculated on the knowledge of the irrationality and absurdity of the thoughts to lessen the physical and emotional effect of said thoughts. In some regards, he was correct; he doesn't live in constant fear of the world ending this time, it's just the pressure caused by sense memory that affects him. In other vital parts of the calculation he’s been proven wrong; the knowledge he now possesses regarding the irrationality of his thoughts hasn’t made them any more manageable; it's only made his cognitive failure in perceiving them accurately and logically more prominent. He knows and still he can’t control his emotional and physical reactions. It is pathetic.
“If you mean blackmailing dozens of powerful people with dubious morals in order to establish a position where she’s basically untouchable even to the British government, then yes, I’m a fan.”
Doubts.
“I mean,” Sherlock attempts to clarify, as much to himself as to John, “that I didn’t tell you to stop completely.”
Nothing ought to feel different.
There are things you can learn; things like chemistry, acting like you're someone else, fencing and Latin verbs, but there're also the things you can't learn. Things like sustaining any habits that aren't destructive, understanding the meaning behind the words others say, knowing that the greyness will not last, and how to be be… good.
“So he suggested that you’d do something, which made you want to do the opposite?”
Sherlock looks at him without any sign of reaction, and perhaps it’d look like he was completely unruffled by it all if it hadn’t been for the way he was blinking excessively, seemingly struggling to get his eyes to focus.
Eleven days in a small guest room has apparently had a similar effect. And John’s tried to make up for not having returned the words she offered him a few days ago, but when he tries they just taste like someone else's. That seems like a cheap thing to offer a woman you care for, doesn't it?
Heck, John isn’t ready for this. He’s not ready for any of it, but especially not for this:
It is a common misconception that self-destructive behavior is inherently attention seeking, or at least that attention is a primary motive. While this is undoubtedly true in some cases, normally the motivation runs much deeper than that.
On the other hand, it might not matter. It’s meant to be a symbolic gesture -
(It will have to, Sherlock knows. It will have to, because it's the only distraction currently potent enough to distract--)
“Are you looking for someone?” John hears Matthew - the perfectionistic ortoped - say.
It's lonely, and he's tired of trying to keep his balance.
“I do not wish to cause you any further unnecessary uncomfort,” Sherlock manages to say, voice still steady.
“Still, you're a daft git if you think that what you've been doing-- It's not ‘comforting’.”
He’s done so himself.
“I take it that something’s upset you, besides your own thoughts. Has your John begun to suspect that you’re fumbling around in the dark with this made-up case of yours? It must hurt your pride, because that won’t be so “amazing”, will it?”
“That's-- would you care to elaborate?”
“Fine,” John mutters to himself. “Still in a mood, then.”
Do I still view this as consensual even though Sherlock at given moments finds it painful, too much and realises he doesn't like some of it?
Mycroft delivers his speech in a matter-of-fact voice, and Sherlock has a vague recollection of something, a theory, that he can't quite grasp, but it still makes the blood drain from his face, his hands clasping at the tea cup, because on some level, he knows where this is going.
After all, he never thought he'd ever share anything physical - sexual - with another person.
Turning on the taps, Sherlock regards the clamps he's holding, watching as water runs over the plastic and the metal of the differently shaped objects in his hand.
John’s fingers alternate between sliding through the hair and lightly massaging the scalp, and it's not that it's in any way unpleasant, it's just that it’s… lame. Innocuous. Insipid. The very antithesis of what an addict looks for when in need of a fix.
John’s hand had moved over his spine, absently, like it belonged there, but his nightmares are more frequent and Sherlock hasn’t supplied him with anything to chase away such ghosts (
the light always a reflection of the things I’ve lost
“Why?”
. Unfortunately, like everything else about him, Sherlock’s problem-solving skills are more than a bit uneven, leaving him brilliant in most areas and hardly functional in others.
. They are both controlling as much as they can. John was a soldier and Sherlock has permanent brain dysfunction and that means that they are both apt in restricting the number of tells and signs that will end up giving them away as human, defective, responsive. It’s the ones with the most wounds who best know the cost of showing vulnerability when the world is at war.
- it's instinctive and logical.
- and heads to his bedroom. He doesn’t feel anything, not yet. It’s too much information, and he needs to count his steps.
This story has led to more than a few rather amazing things - several trips on actual silver birds, more than one very important friendship and a whole lot of interesting conversations, as well as a healthy dose of self-validation that comes from putting some of one's own little peculiarities into words, but letting someone else deal with them.
To John’s surprise, Selma is the first one to speak, and she does so nearly before Sherlock's finished talking.
Right now, John doesn’t really care if they’re in some sort of romantic relationship or not; this is just not on.
It only takes half a second, but Sherlock's expression shifts before it once again regains its determination, and neither of them end up running. Instead, it's Moriarty who leaves, which is disturbing, but they’re alive and Sherlock is breathing too rapidly as he frees John from the explosives.
John looks at him as if trying to solve Sherlock like a particularly tricky and somewhat infuriating crossword.
Considering the time he's wasted doing illogical things - a result of his current low levels of the neurotransmitter in question - lately, it only seems rational that he would make up for it by kick-starting his brain back into efficiency.
. Unintended. Compensatory. Unmistakeable.)
sensation. Because even if causing John pain is not Right - can never be
“Leonard knows who Joseph is hiding from, because it was Leonard who helped him and his father create a new life under new names.”
“One might say that, yes,” he concedes, licking his lips, averting his gaze.
“Gay. Are you? Are you gay?”
He would be annoyed at the intrusion if he wasn’t preoccupied with the implications. Usually, this sort of action would only be an interesting point of data regarding the (unexpectedly) unpredictable nature of his flatmate. As things are, his impression is  most likely fueled by neurotransmitters misfiring in his brain, causing emotional reactions to what ought to be mere interesting observations. Because right now, the absence of a packet of narcotics seems to be significant on a disturbingly (hateful) emotional level.
[   ]  = I don't know
“About the kid?”
It's impossible to stay silent, however, and John's grunts and the increasingly wet sound from Sherlock's hand now twisting slightly on John's cock seem to echo in between their bodies.
When he was new to Oxford, he’d spend all his waking time exploring the town, the libraries, the buildings and all their different equipment, too eager in his mapping of all the possibilities that his new life as a student offered to stick to anything for long, but after a few weeks he'd found himself returning to the lab most nights after even the most eager students had left the building. In the darkness and the silence of the abandoned laboratories Sherlock could focus on testing his ideas, trying new variations of experiments that first-year students would only be allowed to read about. Sherlock has always preferred the more empirical approach to all science, and having already taken in everything of interest that his first-year studies offer, he he finds himself bored once again. Starting his university studies has been a brief respite from the constant under-stimulation that was his life, but it only worked for so long.
This time, he will have no choice but to accept the collateral damage to his dignity.
There's a second of silence, then Sherlock is once again tapping away on his phone.
He manages the words, but it’s hard to keep his own eyes from shutting when pushing into Sherlock’s mouth. The image is striking, more stunning than the two previous times, because Sherlock is almost naked and John’s got him pinned between the headboard and his own pelvis. He likes Sherlock like this, likes everything about this. There’s no hesitance about his own heterosexuality or their relationship at this moment. It’s just this; fucking into Sherlock’s mouth and seeing Sherlock’s eyes tear up from the effort of suppressing his gag reflex.
Both Sherlock and John have had strong emotional reactions after each time they've either attempt to talk about what's going on (the things they do not speak of) or have been in a physically intimate position (a.k.a. "making out or fucking").
Kiss - [verb]: Touch or caress with the lips as a sign of love, sexual desire, or greeting.
51 seconds
He's balancing history books on his head, a sharp focus that shatters as they fall to the floor. Victor laughs and so Sherlock laughs, everything pressing up inside him, forcing it out. A restless bubbling in his mind distorts the sounds and for a moment Sherlock can hear Flight of the Bumble Bee in their shared laughter.
Executive dysfunction according to Wikipedia:
. It is important that John doesn’t notice any discomfort; he’s been hesitant enough about going to a crime scene after the past five days. The previous day was pleasantly free from vomit, but Sherlock’s stomach still isn’t in favor of any solid foods. He hid this fact from John by accepting some offered toast and then binning it as John left the room to fetch his phone -
She turns around, her face guarded and closed. Her hair is shorter now and it blows into her eyes in the strong wind as she frowns, moving slowly towards him. Suddenly, he almost regrets coming.
“Ah, Sherlock,” he says, before turning his attention to the usher. “Thank you, Wilder.”
“John,” Sherlock interrupts, nodding towards the house in front of them.
That doesn't matter now. What matters is this: sharing that deductions was the highpoint of his entire month.
Psychiatry To-Day; https://www.amazon.co.uk/Psychiatry-Pelican-books-David-Stafford-Clark/dp/B0000CIC3B
For the record; I’m fairly certain that some of the things that Dr Helena Martell suggests and some of the techniques which she employs in treatment of Sherlock were not in use in the UK during this period of time. However, I will take some artistic freedom in regard to this, as it serves the purpose of the story much more. Also; not all the options that Helena suggests are evidence-based or even commonly used, and sometimes reflect her own opinions more than they reflect the general consensus of mental health professionals.
For definitions of intrusive thoughts and obsessions, see end note.
The experience of feeling lonely rather than alone as he had retreated to his room.An illogical wish for John to seek him out. It had all been more than a bit unsettling.
Another text arrives a few seconds later.
His cock is circled by his hand as he pulls Sherlock towards him until the tip of John’s cock is rubbing against Sherlock’s bottom lip in a mirroring of what his thumb had done.
Putting the mug down on his dresser, Sherlock returns to the living room and its blowing curtains.
“Well, I guess, yeah. It was. It’s just that… he keeps doing that. Pushing it.”
“You never are, are you? You claimed that nothing I do ever has anything to do with you, but clearly, that isn’t true. This is all your doing, and
“No, I mostly use them to press flowers in… Of course I read them! What else would be the purpose of having them?”
Sherlock is on the floor beside his bed, observing the different sensations as they manifest themselves, carefully navigating the aftermath of what had taken place on the sofa just minutes ago.
No texts from Lestrade, but one from John, asking him if he wants sushi or Chinese for the evening.
“Because we live together. He’s my flatmate.”
John’s voice is restrained anger and remorse in a mix that shouldn’t be possible, but as always, John defies all the patterns of logic that Sherlock knows.
“Tell me,” John says, and Sherlock can actually hear him lick his lips, trying to find the words, his voice now wavering between hesitant and determined. A note of fear, interlaced in-between the words. “Tell me you never think about such things. Tell me you don't want it, and I… I promise I'll back off right away.”
John is sitting by the desk in the living room, proofreading and offering his opinions on an article written by an old friend from med school for a medical journal. The article lacks several significant data points, Sherlock had observed while glancing at it earlier that day while waiting for John to return. John must have noticed too, because his face is furrowed that particular way Sherlock knows to mean that John is annoyed.
“So I did.”
“They all do it, don’t they? We all do! John, you’re brilliant!”
“What’s next, then?” John says as they climb into the back of the cab after having dropped off the laptop at Beta’s small student flat on the other side of London.
The execution of the plan does, however, manifest a few minor practical problems.
- is already over, and just like when he was twelve, he’s still standing, still breathing.
His fingers are interrupted in their sorting of glassware by a knock on the door. Sherlock hasn’t heard anyone on the stairs, but then he’s been halfway into his mind palace, examining the vast amount of information absorbed from his laptop.
With that, Sherlock nods his goodbye and strides towards the exit.
On his screen, a name appears -
The scars were an unfortunate consequence, nothing more, nothing less. The damage to the tissue had been nothing but collateral damage. He’d experimented with other ways to cause pain without leaving permanent damage, but by then his thighs were already lined with quite a few scars, and adding to it had seemed inconsequential. It wasn’t like anyone were likely to see that part of him anyway. The last white, healed lines on his skin were from when he had quit the drugs five years ago. It had helped when his skin had burned from oversensitivity and his nerves had been misfiring worse than ever as his brain adjusted to the lack of opioids.
such things had done merely minutes ago.)
Rutting. Moving. Breathing.
“Only if it's boring,” Sherlock offers.
It seems I'm currently shite at responding to things, mostly since I'm all wrapped up in my own head at the moment, and for that, I'm sorry.
“I thought you weren't uncomfortable with what you wanted.”
“Have you seen her?” Sophia asks, referring to Tina, the woman Sherlock had met days earlier and who was codenamed ‘Lot’.
“We work together,” Sherlock simply says, his posture still stiff where he's sitting at the edge of his chair and making an effort not to let his legs touch either John’s or those of the woman on his other side.
He blinks, and then he sees her; sees The Woman as she stands above him, the tip of her riding crop seductively caressing his skin.
(Always
. Undeniably.
So that was the point of this particular positioning then. To keep Sherlock from deducing too much. A realisation that of course only makes Sherlock even more curious about what he'd find in John's face if he were to just--
And Mycroft looks thoughtful, fiddling with the handle of his umbrella, and Sherlock knows that his brother sees this for what it is.
Avoiding the words ‘when I had just moved in with him’, John tries to find a phrasing that isn’t too close to the truth.
John’s fingers still clenched into a fist.
Sherlock can't see what John's face communicates to Lestrade, but it seems effective. Lestrade sighs and rises from his desk to dig through the pockets of his jacket until he finds a pair of cheap sunglass. He hands them to John with the comment "just keep them and I'll get another pair".
They don't say much to each other as they get home. They heat some food from the fridge, they watch the news, and then John is off to bed. Sherlock, attempting to read through the files they got, gives up after an hour, heading to his own bedroom and one more night of insomnia.
“Sherlock,” John’s uninvited company says shaking Matthew’s hand. John briefly considers offering to buy Sherlock a drink just to get himself away for a moment. When Sherlock is uncomfortable, distressing things tended to happen. “I’m a consulting detective, and I’m here to take John to the morgue to look at a body. John, could you finish that drink any time today?”
(Empty threats, empty promises, empty lives, empty--)
- and Sherlock is pacing on the already threadbare parts of the warmly red carpet covering the stained wooden floor. John doesn’t need to see Sherlock display the evidence of his mental dysfunctions and Sherlock doesn’t need to watch John trying to hide-- whatever reaction he would be likely to hide behind soldier-like equanimity.
(The Sherlock John was used to; the one with less obvious defects. The one who offered danger and  cases and who couldn’t be considered to be emotionally compromised -
. It's crucial, being able to provide his brain with different kinds of highs and intensities, but after almost every kind of high comes a drop; the sensations experienced when his neurotransmitters and state of consciousness rapidly alters once more, striving to return to baseline.
“No,” Sherlock says again.
Adding sexual stimulation to the pain is, in Sherlock's experience, very effective.
And still. Still, here he is, neither snorting or injecting what he really
Sherlock shakes his head, instinctively opening up another browser window to hide the BDSM forum that he'd been reading. His smiles grimly to himself when he realises just how illogical his reaction is, given that John hasn't moved, only broken the silence, and that he's still seated on the opposite side of the table.
then a movement, a hint of tongue
Suddenly there’s something that might be a hint of a smile on John's face, but that seems absurd, unless he’s already--
“Is there anything about the person Sophia helped disappear?”
“I didn’t say ‘stop’.”
“I hardly think so. This would be a far too dull place to die in, wouldn’t you say?”
He might not know what it would be like not to be alive, but he’s becoming increasingly sure it would be better than this.
With his own gun now aimed at both opponents, John nods at them to get closer together, forcing them into a corner.
The sound of the footsteps on the stairs -
As for the rest of the chapter, both John and Sherlock crave /more/, even when it’s uncomfortable or even painful. The novelty of the experience is more important than the pleasure, in some aspects. And there’s risk taking behavior in both of them; both in regards to not having discussed this before it happens and in not using condoms even if they are not sure that the other person is clean.
“You don’t ‘wish’ to discuss it? Too bad. Too bad, because we’re discussing it. Right. Now.”
“Alright, you git,” John mutters, but he’s already throwing his clothes on, trying not to read too much into the warmth spreading inside of him as he gets his gun, following Sherlock out into the freezing London night.
He can’t tell the words apart from the noise in his head anyway.
The sight of the crowded pavement is almost enough to make him turn around and retreat back into the cab. The cacophony of smells, movement and the buzzing sounds coming from every direction makes him disoriented, and the nausea from a few minutes ago returns instantly. People are passing him at different paces, in different rhythms, and it’s unpredictable, disorganised and overwhelming in a way it hasn’t been since he was a child.
There’s a buzzing of nervousness and irritation in every nerve ending in his body.
John -
Sherlock’s eyes remains shut, closing out the light that surrounds them, and as he becomes more and more aware, it’s mostly tactile sensations that registers.
“That there's nothing more we can do until school starts tomorrow,” Sherlock says, adjusting a few knives that had been left on the counter by the sink.
The itch in his fingers and the pressure over his sternum only intensifies as he watches papers settling all around his feet, a visible manifestation of how things are slipping, how his control shatters like loose leaves around him, disrupting every attempt at finding anything of significance in--
Sherlock is absently running the side of his thumb over his fingernails. It's one of the dozen or so small ways in which John can tell that Sherlock is anxious, or at least his own, restless version thereof.
He is, however, fairly certain that what had been said and done yesterday did not fall under any kind of ‘platonic’ category.
Picking up the lead pipe from the floor next to him, he takes a few steps back as he watches the woman in front of him sink down against the wall, protecting her arm as her face contracts in pain.
It takes some more breathing and some additional oxygen in his blood before he can feel John's ribcage expand and retract against his side, and summarise his observations from his latest retest.
“Yes,” Sherlock agrees in a tone that suggests that that had been his plan all along.
- because this is as illogical as Silver Birds and vibrations, but with the additional complication of being something that Sherlock might not want to dismiss.
“First, tell me any information you have on who’s looking for her.”
“We have no complaints, Doctor Watson. It was a long time since we had someone who was so calm in the face of badly injured knees,” she says, hinting at an event a few nights earlier, when a woman had managed to cut herself with an axe in the knee. It’d been unusually messy, even for the A&E, and one of the younger doctors in training had actually ran out in order to avoid to throw up.
No. John is standing, his gun aimed not at the man lying on the floor, but at another , who’s holding a stiletto knife whilst the man on the floor is reaching behind himself to--
The implications of the texts sent and received during the ride are causing shifts in his head, and now there's a pressing need to re-examine, reorganise and see if this conclusion does, in fact, fit with the things he knows to be true. He needs to review both memories and facts to see if the new data is compatible; if the theory covers all angles.
Possible answers gained from the field of psychiatry, on the other hand, have so far failed to be either definitive or consistent.
Then there's a mouth against Sherlock's again, and there's a hand touching - holding, tracing,
John doesn't asks what schools has to do with anything -
“No, why would it be a problem?”
“And that’s why you do it, isn’t it? Because in some ways, you get bored by winning too often. You keep looking for opponents that will give you what you need. You weren’t even angry that Irene got away. You enjoyed it. I think that when it comes to how the game affects the two of us, Sherlock, I’m not the only one with issues.”
Sherlock has gone twenty-one days without the Clomipramine and has just observed a pattern that very few people - if any - would have picked up on. He's never going to be alright, but objectively, he's doing better. There's pressure increasing and decreasing inside of him as he reacts to things that aren't there, but he is now fairly certain that he hasn't deluded himself when it comes to this.
“Alright,” he agrees, resigned. Then he decides to try something a bit more interesting. “Can you perhaps tell me a bit then, tell me about what things you do find enjoyable?”
“Don’t you see? You think that this is just about me being reckless and-- But you started it! You gave me this abhorrent toy and because it was you, I gave it a try, and it turns out my brain is not processing as quickly as it should so I quit the Clomipramine in order to resolve the issue and-- And still you don’t see that this isn’t just about me being ‘dramatic’ or not even trying to-- When it was you who set this all in motion and--!”
“Thank you. For telling me.”
With a sigh, less dramatic than usual - there’s no one there to see it, anyway - he gets up with his laptop and positions himself at his desk.
the furniture.”
Thank you also to those of you who have either sent me ideas or brainstormed with me on tumblr for this chapter; brilliantlyburning, isitandwonder, hubblegleeflower, synteis and simpleanddestructivechemistry! A special thanks to bittergreens, with whom I sat on Sherlock’s pub (yes, it's in Sweden!) last night and discussed the dynamics of this little out-of-hand story with. And finally, thanks to pennypaperbrain, who managed to directly put her finger on what was bothering me so much about the characterisation in this chapter and find a solution that made this so much better.
“No.”
“There are things that I-- He suggested a pattern that would form a plausible explanation for something I could account for no other way. One might say he provoked an apophany.”
Why does he even--
This is yet another one of those dual sensations. The intense pleasure from having his cock pressed into a fist and the intense discomfort from having his rectum filled with too much erectile tissue. It’s nothing like when he does this to himself with a dildo. This is. Real. Having someone pushing into his rectum like this gives his nervous system mixed signals and his brain interprets it into something that reminds him of needing to use the bathroom. Which is not a thought he wants at this moment. Not at all.
him, after all, but in seeing himself through John’s eyes and covering up some of the more prominent manifestations of his defective brain with medication, he’d begun to believe he could be more than that.)
Waiting for a reply, John begins cleaning up the clutter on the sitting-room table.
They’re in a small room in the back of a church hall that has seen better days. On the floor, a bright blue rug is constantly catching his eye. Sophia sits opposite him on one of the overstuffed chairs that surround the scratched table. At her left, a box of crayons has been placed at a decidedly Not Right angle and threatens to fall off the table.
They reach the front door, and John fumbles for the keys. As the key slides into the lock, the sound seems to once again shift some chemical balance in Sherlock’s brain.
It began in similar ways, both with Samuel and with John. The unexpected fascination with Sherlock’s intellect and deductions, the refusal to be put off by his behaviour and then his own confusion over their seemingly naïve trust in some kind of ‘good’ in him turned into something almost comfortable. Samuel dropping his pile of books next to Sherlock in the library, ignoring Sherlock’s initial silence and instead remarking on lectures and exams without expecting any answers. John showing up at 221B after Sherlock’s first deduction of him and the lack of mutual agreement, then accepting Sherlock’s invitation to join him at a crime scene that same night.
about the tiny clawed clip that's pinched between his thumb and forefinger.)
“Are you done? I think we need to get going.”
Laughter, Sherlock finds, is a bit like thunder: it’s an discharge of accumulated tension, and once it finally breaks, it gets a bit easier to breathe.
It only takes a minute before Sherlock spills into his hand and John is thankful for that, because his hand is indeed very heavy from lactic acid and oxytocin.
One more week. Then, he will have reached his decision height, metaphorically speaking, and will need to decide whether or not he’ll be able land this whole… approach, or will be forced to--
. Still, he follows Sherlock into the kitchen, placing himself at the table near the microscope while Sherlock fills the kettle.
“Because you know what, Sherlock? If you want to end things, just say so. Don’t try to find some roundabout way of making me do it, just because you think that’s what’s going to happen anyway.”
. The cries will be muffled by the pillow -
Symmetry.
“So I was right, then. You really do like that sort of thing. No wonder you got all worked up about that woman. Do all you boarding school boys--”
Sherlock rolls his eyes, knowing that John will often smile at this gesture when he thinks Sherlock can't see it. Frustratingly, John seems to find his ‘dramatics’... ‘
as I stumble out, towards the sun
They're slowing down, he notices. He attempts to push further into the kiss, but John's hands in his hair and on his chest control the pace, and Sherlock is willing to follow in this, because Sherlock respects experience; he respects it, and wants to gain it.
John’s face is difficult to read at first, but then his features shifts, and he grins, a slightly crooked smile, raising his eyebrows and giving Sherlock that face; the teasing, intrigued expression that seems to communicate the question
“Well, the past is still the best predictor of the future, but the specific circumstances will still affect the each person reacts, I'd say. And there's always something that will prove to be the last straw, that makes someone change their pattern of behaviour,” John says as the Tyrian purple slowly begins to expand.
He can’t bring himself to throw the little bag away, but when he falls asleep it’s still lying unopened among empty blister packs and half-full pill bottles in the side compartment of his bag.
And when the metal shifts, sharp pins sends sparks into overstimulated nerve endings.The wheel moves slowly as pin after pin after pin after pin ignites the nerve endings beneath his skin, pinwheel sparks travelling like meteorites through the nerves of his spinal cord.
“Do you want me to stop?”
According to his phone, there's a hotel not far away but the street address, 62, is all wrong in terms of acceptable numbers (
There’s been too much holding back.
The building seems abandoned, but they move around quietly, checking for signs of life. Once the location is secure they start to search the few drawers and desks scattered around almost randomly in the otherwise empty rooms.
“Oh, don’t look so scandalised. I think we’d both enjoy it very much,” Sherlock says, knowing that his voice has taken on a cold undertone. It’s a challenge, and John will recognise it as such.
There are other altars for him to sacrifice his dignity on.
“Yes, quite,” Sherlock agrees, because yes; she is.
“How would I know?” Sherlock shrugs, too occupied with his phone, trying to find other contacts that can provide him with additional information in order to enable him to find an alternative way to take down the four leaders of the network.
His breath wants to pick up, but he forces himself to pace his breathing, keeping it steady.
The night before, while John was at his shift at the A&E, Sherlock had gotten up to look in the kitchen cupboard next to the sink, the one where his bottles, flasks and petri dishes were stacked. In the yellow glow from the street lights flooding in through the windows everything in the cupboard had looked just as it had done three days ago, with one exception; the space where an old, wooden box usually occupied was now empty. Sherlock stood for a while and just looked at the space on the second shelf where the box had been just four days ago, when he’d almost taken it out and…
There was so much information in this -
he is when it comes to you. Still, I wonder, brother… There are certain social expectations, certain interpersonal skills that are usually required in these circumstances.  Are you certain you are qualified?”
Cognitive Dissonance according to Wikipedia:
Especially not just as Sherlock's about to tell John about some of his limits without knowing what he's asked to limit down from.
It has taken a fair amount of rationalisation, three Oxazepam -
with proving that I wasn’t just seeing non-existent patterns in this case,” Sherlock admits, consciously using words he finds painful even if John will likely never understand the cost or the significance of those words.
There’s no verbal answer, but there’s a ‘no’ in the silence, and that’s all Sherlock needs.
“Undoubtedly.”
“Sherlock, breathe. That’s it.”
Several edges from John’s pizza - stiff from the microwave - land on Sherlock’s plate.
This time, John doesn’t almost choke on his drink; he had been prepared for this. Still, he feels his pulse pick up as he hears Sherlock’s words and sees the glimpse of disinterest in his friend’s eyes, which is often a sign that things are going to get worse if John doesn’t excuse them both and leave.
, but that won’t be enough. Because Sherlock has no right to ask for what he just did. Not when all he has is 27 hours of suggestive observations weighed against 11 months of something else.
“Please remind me not to enter a close friendship with you.”
“So why was she on about how the death of her tenant had upset the balance in her home and the way our presence ‘only served to further upset the spirit of him’?”
There’s a hand on his neck.
Sherlock does, because when John uses that kind of voice, that’s what people do. They obey. John is looking at him with a frown, trying to read him.
John manages to come back to himself after a few seconds, collecting himself enough to withdraw slowly from Sherlock, who winces and moans at the sensation from his presumably very sore hole. Rolling slightly to his side and dragging Sherlock to his side as well, John manages to get one very shaky hand on Sherlock’s belly, fumbling until he finds his cock and then uncoordinatedly beginning to jerk him off.
Decidedly harder to find an apt definition. After some searches, Sherlock settles for
Self-destructive behaviour in this chapter:
...  to visit a struck-off psychiatrist in search of strategies to manage his own unmedicated mind.
that you really want it!
Because in this, John is a natural leader, a pathmaker, and Sherlock is an overwhelmed child in a candy shop, too excited and filled with cravings to know where to begin and how to portion out his indulgence. And Sherlock is very rarely a follower, but in this he allows himself to be just that.
“Why?” John finally asks, defensively - on the verge of something.
John’s gait is slightly off -
Interpreting -
He doesn’t realise that he’s shouting until the words echo around the almost-empty room, and for a moment, everything is very quiet.
“Of course I don’t think they are silver birds. It’s merely a Pavlovian response to something I used to fear due to the chemical imbalance that I was yet to be made aware of.”
“Yeah? And who are they?” John says - voice clipped and colors cold-
Things haven’t got easier since their little talk. Sherlock is uncertain whether John can feel the density of the atmosphere whenever they share the same space, how it’s growing and making the air more viscous. He is, however, fairly certain that John is unaware of how his color’s been changing - Tyrian purple and the pulsing of Tangelo orange. It’s distracting, and the pulsing is out of sync with Sherlock’s heartbeats.
[ ] F = Fantasy
Sherlock learned to read people like others read timetables; it didn’t come naturally, but once the practice was cultivated he soon became highly efficient at it. Sherlock is not one to do things in moderation, so when he decided that he needed to find a structure and a system for understanding others he didn't settle for being moderately good -
“Any of it,” prompts Sherlock.
Executive functioning is a theoretical construct representing a domain of cognitive processes that regulate, control, and manage other cognitive processes. Executive functioning is not a unitary concept; it is a broad description of the set of processes involved in certain areas of cognitive and behavioural control. Executive processes are integral to higher brain function, particularly in the areas of goal formation, planning, goal-directed action, self-monitoring, attention, response inhibition, and coordination of complex cognition and motor control for effective performance.
There will only be a matter of minutes left of said almost-quiet anyway.
He doesn't dance (not like this), and he doesn't do parties. Somehow, his mind seems to have forgotten about that.
As the suburban streets and the red post boxes pass by outside the windows of the cab, Sherlock fights the urge to fidget with something - a nervous tell that he knows that John will pick up on.
Beginning to pick up the papers, Sherlock suddenly catches a glimpse of the object that had fallen down with a thud, distracting him.
Breathing against John’s lips, Sherlock finally allows himself to close his eyes, and everything becomes easier. Easier to kiss the thin, firm lips beneath his own, easier to feel the warmth and the flesh and the muscle beneath John’s coat as Sherlock’s arms brush against John’s chest, still holding John’s head.
Based on the follwing item of
A brief respite, and then Sherlock's awareness is once again split up between several different thoughts and perceptions, deducing, analysing and planning. With a slight shiver, Sherlock feels the noise return, and he twists his head a bit just so he can feel the renewed flare of pain on his scalp as John’s grip on his hair hardens.
(He used to be able to think more clearly when John was there, but that was before the Rubik’s cube and the withdrawal and
It doesn’t feel like a blow to his stomach. Oddly enough, he can’t feel anything at all. His body is suddenly drained of every emotion, every expression, leaving him just as blank as he wishes that he always was. It is nothingness.
Whatever snide remark Helena has for him, it can wait.
Sherlock thinks.
He redirects his eyes from the sky -
And Sherlock hates it when John goes pale. John should never be pale. It's not his real palette. John is deep, saturated colors. That’s how he needs to be.
At first Sherlock can only see the grainy ceiling, but then John comes into his field of view. There’s nothing mild about the way John looks at him. Nothing punishing either, no; it’s closer to… determination?
The one that looks slightly military in its cut, Sherlock absently notes.
(See the end of the chapter for
A last smile, a hint of midnight blue -
“I…” John begins, hesitantly. “I shouldn’t have said that. I didn’t… I didn’t mean that.”
“You could have, you know, just have said so, instead of letting me talk about depression like an idiot back at the school,” John continues, unease mixed with relief shifting in his features.
A jolt goes through Sherlock's body two seconds later, because suddenly there's contact. Two fingers under his chin, and he's so startled by the boldness that he allows his head to be tipped upwards, allowing John to check… his pupils?
Eyes opening reluctantly -
- and attempts to hide his startled reactions to the slamming door by pacing across the sitting room floor, hoping that the rapid pace will account for his rapid breathing.
And he’s not aroused after having come just minutes ago, but he still finds himself pinching his left nipple, feeling the already tender skin burn. The pain is just this side of interesting, and it’s just endorphins anyway; it’s simple neurochemistry that he’s using to his advantage. It shouldn’t be shameful, this; to want it. All the things that he wants - sexually - can be explained through science. Psychology, biology, neuroscience. There's a logic to it. It shouldn’t unsettle him. He ought to be able to own up to it the way he does with his personality - if you use it as a weapon, it’s less likely to be perceived as a weakness.
Sherlock wants to transfer at least some of that feeling to John, but his own movements feel rigid and even the rhythm of his strokes falters. He finds himself gripping harder, without intending to.
(Semen. Smeared out between their bodies, sticking skin together, easing the friction.)
Sherlock follows John’s hands, only a bit uncoordinatedly, as they guide his head up until he finds his cheek resting against worn denim, feels the flex of the muscle beneath and the warmth that radiates from it--
I was at the excellent exhibition "Queer British Art" at the Tate a few weeks back, and at one place, an actor was cited saying that it was not uncommon to use dressing gowns on stage if one wanted to play a character that was meant to be subtly queer.
, he's sensed several colors and sensations that might cause him to slightly revise that conclusion.
“Insecurity?” Selma shrugged, sweeping some of her light brown drink.
Making his way past cheap tat shops and restaurants wafting obnoxious smells onto the street, Sherlock thinks about statistical probability. Of those who attempt suicide for the first time, only fifteen percent will later die at their own hand. The rest will live to eventually die from something else.
-- and
-, and it's making all this even less tolerable. If John could just stop bleeding his colors all over the place Sherlock might be able to focus on the silver birds which he -
-sucking-
“Ah, good, you’re up. I was beginning to wonder if Mycroft had done something horrible in there and left me with the corpse.”
Sherlock won’t tell John that he has no idea about whether he himself is crap at this -
The words, as well as John’s incredulous tone as he repeats them, are enough to drag Sherlock out of his hazy, post-orgasmic state - and to set something cold twisting in his stomach.
Closing the drawer, something bordering self-disdain fills him, sitting half-naked on his bed.
On compulsions and tics: The idea about how the compulsions decrease or even vanishes when Sherlock does something smooth/in a flow, something that absorbs him fully, comes from the amazing book An Anthropologist on Mars, in which a surgeon with Tourette’s is one of the people Oliver Sacks portrays in a mixture of biography and neurological case study. The surgeon mentions this; that when he does something that has his full focus and in which he isn’t side-tracked by any distractions that would pull him out of that flow, his tics are completely absent, but as soon as someone disturbs him or he starts thinking too much about things, they will return.
"What are you saying?"
Humans are hardwired to lean their heads to the right when kissing, Sherlock recalls as their mouths slide together, his hand in John’s hair and John’s thumb stroking his cheekbone, his chest heaving against Sherlock’s.
Right. He'll make do with a shower.
The sourness of Sherlock’s own voice made the tea taste overly sweet in comparison as he took as sip.
, not by any means.)
“Of course you didn’t consult her. There would be no point of doing so if you were not intending to adhere her recommendations, and I doubt even she would condone this ill-advised course of action.”
It’s what they do, after all.
It is, in short, beyond unsatisfactory.
He settles for a nod. An acknowledgement, but not quite an agreement.
- to acknowledge or to reciprocate?)
Stubbornly, he keeps his face blank, his mouth closed and wills his body to relax a fraction more.
Even without comparable data, Sherlock's research on the more physiological aspects of painplay had revealed a highly probable explanation for this uncharacteristic and novel experience.
Now betad by the amazing iriswallpaper.
John misses the war.
(Mentally.)
• counting rituals
Sherlock looks up, taken aback by the words directed at him by the woman sitting opposite him. She's wiggling her left foot as she talks, and it's almost as annoying as her question.
“Yes,” Sherlock finally said, more to the fan and the fridge and the sound of his own breathing than to John, who he couldn’t see, couldn’t even hear in over the darkness and the humming and the swooshing and the sound of his own pulse.
It’s John turn to blink.
As might be expected, it is more common in those afflicted with clinical depression.
The worst thing about it all is that it's true.
Sherlock returns to the psychiatrist for his next appointment, but by then he’s already made up his mind. If there is something wrong with him, then he doesn’t see the point in finding out what that is. If he were found to be mentally ill, then his future would be on a par with that of a leper, and Sherlock has enough things going against him as it is. Therefore, he spends the next three sessions not saying a word, and eventually Mummy puts a stop to the project all together.
“Brilliant, as always,” John says, making it sound more like ‘fuck off’. “I’ll just go off be redundant somewhere else then, shall I?”
“You know I shouldn't let you bring this file home. You're not even consulting on the case, and frankly I can't see what interests in with this disappearance. Nothing that points to unusual cleverness, in there,” Lestrade says as he pretends not to want to give Sherlock the manila envelope.
And it’s strong enough to cancel out the lingering doubts in his mind.
The mosaic window further up the stairs suddenly seems to be glowing with light; the shifts in color are so marked that it could have been daylight through colored glass that painted the hallway with purple, deeper green and a royal blue.
“Huh,” John says. “I recall you said something about how how psychiatry doesn’t deserve to be called ‘science’.”
- Sherlock pauses a second before looking through the contents of the shelves. The pills must be here. They need to be.
He meets her eyes across the room, and John thinks that perhaps, if he went over there with some awkward excuse and an unassuming smile, she might look a bit less tense and speak to him, perhaps eventually let him buy her a glass of wine.
However, at this moment Sherlock is not experiencing any noticeable symptoms of withdrawal, and he’s been off the Clomipramine for 44 days.
After almost a minute of fingers grazing the sensitive skin of his neck ever so lightly, Sherlock represses the urge to tell John to just get on with it; that this petting business is not what either of them are here for. Instead, he settles for exchanging the slide he's been examining for another one, hoping that the gesture of obvious disinterest in the current proceedings will be just enough of a provocation to move things along.
With that John seems to make up his mind and gives another nod before he exits the kitchen. A hollow sensation surges through Sherlock’s guts before he hears the telltale sound of John’s laptop being opened -
“I’m afraid my doctor’s not convinced of that after your little display on your last visit here.”
Sherlock nods as he’s standing there with a plastic toy in his hand, unsure about whether or not he ought to move closer.
I've decided to use this very short summary as a structure for my notes in this chapter:
Pity.
“He’s not jealous, he’s frustrated over not having everyone’s full attention all of the time,” John protests.
[   ]  = Yes
would be a relief - he needs an instant way of relieving the pressure that’s making his ribs ache and his skin crawl and he needs not to be in the presence of John when the low-grade panic he senses as a distant rumble eventually evolves into something much more deafening and explosive.
“Get. Out.”
“That would be the most helpful way of doing it, unless you have some other means of communicating it.”
Looking up from the laptop, John glances wonderingly at Sherlock, who’s been standing in the doorway, just looking at him for several seconds.
A big thanks to the people over at the Antidiogenes chat room, to besina, Anarfea, tigerstale and winteronmercury for different reasons.
The in-between is the time between the end of one obsession and the start of something else that’s captivating enough to drown out some of the noise.
The problem is that John watches him suspiciously whenever they’re in the same room, and Sherlock might be able to hide the fact that his nerves seems to have moved from the inside to the outside of his body and that his insomnia is even worse than usual, but he can’t hide the vomiting or the dizziness, and after three days it gets hard to blame acute food poisoning. John’s not buying Sherlock’s explanations, but Sherlock refuses to admit any other reason, so John seems to settle on the theory that Sherlock’s done something even more stupid and reckless than eating bad shellfish with full awareness of the fact that it was indeed bad, and is now too proud to tell John. It’s true, in some aspects, so Sherlock’s not correcting John on his theory.
There’s light blue walls (hateful,
For him, it turns out, love is nothing but yet another chemical defect.
Trying to focus on his own movement on John’s cock, Sherlock tries to remember what he likes himself, but it's somehow lost in the electric feeling of a finger that's now circling his anus, light and without really touching the rim.
The phrasing Sherlock is using here alludes to the diagnosis "Minimal Brain Dysfunction" (MBD), which is a previous name for the neurodevelopmental disorder we now call "ADHD", an allude most likely chosen due to the name rather than the likelihood of him reciving that particular diagnosis.
(To let John in.)
Patience has never been something Sherlock's naturally gifted in.
John's whisper is almost drowned out by the echo of the broom that fell against the concrete floor, the sound of it breaking the silence like a gunshot.
John hadn't heard the door open. Perhaps he hadn't properly closed it. There really was no need, since Sherlock always knew when John was in there anyway. When Sherlock feels like barging in and start asking absurd questions, the bathroom door being demonstratively shut has never seemed to prevent him from doing so.
John moves down his body, pushing his legs apart and settling in between them. Then the sound of…
This morning, Sherlock wanted the familiarity of his regular, fitted clothes, and given the fact that John really isn't doing anything to make their relationship less threatening to his own sexuality, there is really no point in Sherlock going out of his way to do so either.
“Essentially,” Sherlock says, his focus directed at puzzling all the pieces of information together in his mind.
Pain.
(It might be the same thing for some, but it isn’t for him, just like what he’d asked John to do to him and what he himself had done to his own thigh with
“It's not my problem if you didn't follow when I told you why the banker would--”
-- ways to go from here -
“Tea?” Sherlock asks, filling the kettle.
John’s steady breathing against his scapula.The burning-
And there’s only this--
In the beginning, Sherlock had been just as inexpert in understanding others' reactions as he still sometimes pretend to be. It has proved useful over and over again, people assuming that he doesn't pick up on such things, and more over, it serves to obscure the fact that he often does, but can't always interpret what he picks up.
With a movement that's far more assertive than he himself is, John slides his hand over the six inches that separate his hand from Sherlock's.
In light of the (somewhat stretched) theory presented above, you could say that their initial emotional response (primary process, negative) has been weakened by repeated exposure to the situation, and that the secondary reaction (opponent process, vaguely positive or 'relief') has been strengthened.
making it scatter all over the lens of my mind's eye.
“I did talk to you about it.”
The pills must have lost all effect by the time Sherlock decides to knock on John’s door. He considers taking a few more just to make breathing easier but guilt might not be so easy to medicate away.
John’s voice is matter-of-fact but there's sincerity to it, or at least so Sherlock thinks, and his eyes are holding on to Sherlock’s, making it almost impossible to look away as John breaks into a smile, one that Sherlock can’t understand and can’t mirror just now.
The other one is another inquiry.
Annoying as it is, Sherlock has to admit that people were right about university. It's better.
“Are you…” John clears his throat, clearly uncomfortable with the subject. “There’s more than twenty Oxazepam missing from the package.”
- because while he wouldn't have let any of the men he's been sexually involved with do that to him, that doesn't mean that he hasn't thought about it in the private of his own room.)
(See the end of the chapter for
It’s Sherlock who breaks eye contact, not wanting to know what John looks like when he realises--
Before he has the time to second guess himself again, Sherlock lifts his hand and knocks lightly on John’s door in an unmistakable rhythm. He wonders if John can hear the rhythm in the knocks.
John sighs heavily, rubs his face.
“I could still have wanted to try to give you what you want!”
It’d been awhile since he last engaged in this particular activity without orgasm being part of the end goal. The combination of these two sensations - pain and sexual pleasure - is far more potent than each sensation is on its own.
Nine days ago, Sherlock told John why love, in his case, might actually be considered a chemical defect. Since then, he’s managed to avoid any further discussion of his mental impairments.
In his cluttered room at St John's, the psychiatry textbook that was supposed to settle this once and for all is now forgotten, because Sherlock has found the cure before he’s found a diagnosis, and the last two weeks have proven that whatever might be wrong with him, he doesn’t have to care.
- about John, it started only after his brain was once again destabilised due to the decrease in serotonin. And caring -
Sherlock will not meet his gaze. Instead, he keeps staring in front of him without actually observing anything.
Apparently, one pathetically hopeful question can in fact make matters worse.
“Well, I can’t know, can I? So clearly, neither can he. It’d be idiotic of him not to hang around to find out.”
Sherlock isn’t thinking anything. Well, he isn’t thinking about anything relevant to the corpse in front of him. Instead he’s watching John kneel down by the body, first doing an ocular inspection, then putting on vinyl gloves -
(Birds don’t understand the concept of glass.)
He nods, and they step into the elevator, no further communication needed.
His other option is currently being let through the door by Mrs Hudson; unfortunately however it’s too annoying and intrusive to be seriously considered. Marvel it is.
John looks warmer too. The tint makes the pulsing orange intensify and glow.
“Ah, that sort of fellow. Then I see.”
Sherlock stared at the screen of his phone, unwilling to accept the sentiment implied by the message. The words seemed to transfer themselves right onto his retinas; as he closed his eyes he found that he could still see them.
“Why not tonight?”
Selma joins them at the table, not touching anything, only watching John as he examins the body, following both his movements and his gaze. With her hands behind her back to keep herself for reaching out, she looks like she's looking out over the edge of a cliff, her face showing both dread and fascination.
(The pain focusing him, someone else’s desire to see him take those sensations, to endure everything that he’s given, to meet every need of--)
“Shut. Up.”
“Can I--”
For a second, though, it’s a possible solution. No one would berate Sherlock for dropping everything -
Sherlock hands John the half-empty glass of water that he’d left by the sofa before settling down next to him by the fire. John nods his thanks.
John bucks his hips, as if he can’t fully control them, and it's giddying, knowing that John finds self-control to be hard as well and because of him. And when John’s fingers finally begins to move, Sherlock's no longer feeling giddy, he's ashamed and lost and desperate and oversensitive; the implications of that hand at that place is almost too much, but the touch in it self isn't.
The thought experiment proved useless, since the thought of anyone getting close enough to him that engaging in any kind of sexual or romantic relationship would be on the table was far too incongruous to entertain.
It’s the third day since The Decision, and when he’s not sick to his stomach from the abstinence he’s nauseous from the feeling of unease. The unease creeps under his skin and forces him to think about things that he has no wish to ever think about. Things that makes him desperate for something to take the edge of the reactions his thoughts provoke.
John is staring as if something in Sherlock's face will somehow fill him in. There's a flash of something not unlike… fear, just for a second, and Sherlock braces himself before he continues, feeling a pressure over his sternum that has nothing to do with compulsions.
Another first.
Preferably both romantic and sexual, Sherlock assumes.
“Has that thing offended you personally?” John asks, nodding at the Rubik's cube in Sherlock's hand as he enters the sitting room, shoulders stiff from the shift at the chilly clinic -
Inhale.
John puts down the pile of books he's just picked up in order to put them away, then licks his lips, and nods.
His hand has found its way to his cock, and since John’s attention seems to be turned solely to Sherlock’s mouth, Sherlock wraps his hand around his erection, a few hesitant strokes before he finds that it’s working. With John’s hand once again collecting come from his stomach and pushing into his mouth, Sherlock’s own hand begins to work more determinedly.
“Well, then perhaps you understand why I have a problem with what’s happened.”
He's not going to do anything about that now. It would compromise the data he's collecting on his own reactions after the encounter, and Sherlock's needs to know just how the experience of any kind of painplay alters when another person is involved.
And John’s tongue alternates between licking the inside of Sherlock’s mouth and fucking it. It’s an invasion of the most prominent kind, and Sherlock guards his boundaries, but he’s no stranger to abandon; he’s an addict and addiction tends to do that to you. So abandoning to sensation in this might achieve a similar purpose as other things he’s abandoned himself to. It should be a warning sign, it should be the thought that makes him break and throw John off of him, but somewhere in his mind, Sherlock rationalizes that since he’s given up the safety of being able to resort to other abandons, he ought to be allowed this instead.
“So you don't do relationships, but her you'll keep in touch with?”
Through the fabric, he can feel his hardened nipple. His hands don't feel very much like John's -
(That
Putting his violin down in its case again, Sherlock remains turned away from John, glancing out of the window at the autumn street below.
Just as Sherlock gets the door open on the left side of the cab -
Putting his phone away -
As they reach the stairs, Sherlock turns around, looking down at John, who’s a step behind him.
A few more minutes, then he'll be off, going up to the hotel room on the third floor and find Sherlock, who's most likely still going over all the old newspaper articles they'd found. A few more minutes to think about the... possibilities. In a purely hypothetically way, of course.
or this
The slump in his shoulders and the way he pokes at his phone instead of preening and explaining his deductions right now tells John all he needs to know about Sherlock's state of mind.
“You really do like this,” John says, his thumb now stroking over Sherlock’s cheekbone where wet trails still lingers, looking down Sherlock’s body, noting that Sherlock is just as hard as he’d been before he'd choked on John’s cock. “You can jerk yourself off if you need to, seeing how you get off on this. I won’t mind.”
“Would that be a problem for you?”
“Eh, no, I don’t think so. This isn’t about being effective, is it?”
John's words interrupts the line of his thoughts, and Sherlock has to retrace the last part of their conversation before he's certain of exactly what John is referring to.
totally undermining and deflating John just as John’s ventured so far out of his usual comfort zone as to do something like
When you are someone who pride yourself with being ruthlessly unsentimental in your observations, while also happening to be one of the most observant people in the country, observing yourself almost becomes an act of self depletion.
Selma keeps herself a few steps behind as Sherlock and John reach for nitrile gloves and Sherlock unzips the bag covering the body. The man inside the back is wax-like and stiff, and Sherlock doesn't feel anything from looking at the corpse, just like he never has. The dead don’t feel, so why should the living feel for the dead? It’s just about preventing more living to become dead at the hands of someone else. John has only reacted to this attitude once during the time they’ve worked together, and for that alone Sherlock had been willing to risk becoming more than colleagues. He had taken the risk of ‘companionship’, thinking that he's more equipped to handle that now than he was eleven years ago.
Sherlock leaves the hallway, moving into the sitting room, John still untying his shoes by the door, something that means that John has planned to head into the shower as soon as he's done.
John might be harder to read in this regard than Sherlock had anticipated, but the conflicted look on his face whenever Sherlock is either acting in a way that John finds frustrating or displaying fragments of what could be seen as vaguely…
It’s not that he’s yelling or punching things - the way he'd punched Sherlock’s face yesterday after Sherlock had hit him - no, it’s another form of anger. The silent kind that slips out the cracks of whatever disguise it is that you try to keep up.
Curled up on his side he feels slightly better. The (
John’s lips has left his, and now John’s voice breaks the thread of Sherlock’s thoughts and makes something turn in his stomach.
“John’s an excellent shot and likes boring, safe women, so yes, you do have a chance,” Sherlock is turning to Eva with the last of his statement, and John instantly begins preparing the excuse he will offer her on their next shift.
“Yes?”
“That would be putting it mildly, yeah.”
“Good, let’s hope they come back soon. We need to have a chat with them,” Sherlock replies absently, pocketing the flash drive and moving on to the fourth and final drawer.
that line is.
a next time.
Safewording would be preferable, if it came to that.
“So you work two jobs, then? Is that why you look so worn out in the end of your shifts?” Matthew says with a smile.
(Like the end of the world. Like the faulty patterns of his mind.)
It fit his thin frame perfectly, and as he wrapped it even closer around himself, Sherlock didn’t even care that the garment would make him look a bit poncy, because at that moment, the smooth, cool fabric was the best thing he’d felt in days.
Love might, after all, not be so much a defect, but more of a natural variation in the frail balance of different neurotransmitters. Perhaps even a variation that could be considered to have certain merits.
In this story, I see Sherlock as someone who genuinely enjoys pain and/or humiliation in a sexual context just for the sake of the sexual (and psychological) thrill. It’s been something he’s desired long before any thoughts of deliberate self-harm, and it’s something he does as an indulgence, not as a last way out or a desperate act to regain control. He likes fantasising about these things, but when he thinks about self-harm, it’s more like an intrusive thought. I don’t believe that his sexual enjoyment of pain in a sexual context is in any way an unconscious way to make someone else hurt him instead of doing it himself. It’s not a roundabout self-harm (or a self-destructive behaviour in which he uses sex to punish himself, which isn’t that uncommon, but not the least bit true in this verse). It’s not a pathology. The fact that his brain is indeed a bit differently and that, to use a colloquial expression, ‘his wires are a bit crossed’ does perhaps play in, because he has a very favourable reaction to pain.
questions."
11.46 pm. John's standing in the doorway to the kitchen, the warm light from the lamp in the sitting room surrounding his rumpled figure. Pyjama bottoms and jumper, his hair only half-heartedly flattened, seemingly by two hands and a bit of water. A compromise between relaxed and guarded.
“I can work with that.”
And there it is again. A conclusion without any attempt to explain how said conclusion was reached. Sherlock is better at not doing this at crime scenes these days, and he has learned to explain his reasoning in a way that's somewhat understandable to mere mortals, but it seems like whatever progression Sherlock's done in this regard, it's unlikely to ever extend to situations beyond those that involves the work.
In human context, self-destructive behavior is a widely used phrase that conceptualizes certain kinds of destructive acts as belonging to the self. It also has the property that it characterizes certain kinds of self-inflicted acts as destructive. The term comes from objective psychology, wherein all apparent self-inflicted harm or abuse toward oneself is treated as a collection of actions, and therefore as a pattern of behavior.
He'll have to be more careful from now on.
The white facade of the Diogenes Club reflects the bright autumn sun, forcing Sherlock to avert his eyes from the sharp light as he approaches the building.
Don't hesitate to seek out a competent mental health professional if you are interested in attempting treatment for whatever your problem might be - the self-harm in itself or the reasons behind it.
This is not a conversation either of them should be having, much less continuing..
“And we all wish it’d got there,” one of the young officers mumbles under her breath, but Sherlock can still make the words out.
“Some other place than the after work, right?”
It takes longer than it ought to, but after an hour and a half on his laptop, Sherlock has found the structure -
Sherlock feels the heat radiating from John, but there’s an inch or so between them, and he can’t turn to look at John, knowing John will not let him. John wants to observe, and not to be observed.
With a shiver, Sherlock realises that arousal is something that’s starting to become far more frequent and urgent than it has ever been during his adult life.
As John hears the door slam shut behind him, the far too familiar feeling of unease has already settled deep in his gut. Sherlock is a nasty, arrogant piece of shit, that much is clear. What is not clear, however, is why anybody with any kind of self-respect would put up with it. Sherlock might be a piece of shit, but John is a pathetic, insecure idiot, which really isn’t any better. And that thought alone is the single most frustrating thing about this whole miserable evening.
Any attempts at sleep would be futile at this point.
Nevertheless. One less straw to catch at.
(There’s no use to be delicate about the reason they’ve ended up here.)
Sherlock’s eyes meet his. And they’re more unreadable than they’ve ever been, so John just grips his hair harder and fucks into him with more force, making it impossible for Sherlock to keep his eyes on John's any longer.
“Deficits in social-emotional reciprocity, ranging, for example, from abnormal social approach and failure of normal back-and-forth conversation; to reduced sharing of interests, emotions, or affect; to failure to initiate or respond to social interactions.”
There's still irritation in John's voice, but his fingers linger, and Sherlock is not sure if they're talking about the silence or the
A few heartbeats pass by, then there's a squeeze from Sherlock's hand, before said hand slowly pulls away from John's.
But he's getting increasingly clear on why he’s agreeing to it - to why he would even consider taking such a risk.
Compensation is sometimes also used more freely in clinical psychiatry (at least in Sweden) as a description of what a person suffering from a psychiatric disorder or who has a neuropsychiatric diagnosis does in order to ‘compensate’ for some of the symptoms of said disorder or diagnosis by using some of their strengths or abilities, such as intelligence, knowledge, social skills, experience or mere force of will. “He compensates for some of his inattention by doing working extra hard with his homework”.
Hypothesis; emotional pair bonding is more efficiently achieved by approaching common points of interest and by allowing the other person gain personal knowledge of you, and you of them, than by physical proximity.
The broken surface of the bathwater makes the white lines on Sherlock's thighs seem wobbly and almost like they're in motion. There are currently at least 56 different scars disputing the smooth skin, fine white lines interrupted by a few wider, less neatly healed wounds. Almost from the start, he'd been careful to keep the edges of each wound together to promote minimal scarring, but at times it had seemed… less important.
. He must have been given a ride home, because John would never go on the Tube with dried sweat and mud all over him. He isn’t vain, but he considers it rude. Sherlock does, obviously, not care if whatever he might be covered in offends anyone else.
It’s all about priorities in the end, and Sherlock’s always known that.
For this chapter, the following criteria (from the DSM-V) was used:
an anti-stimulus
In fact, he does in fact pick up on those human things, his brain almost mercilessly detecting every shift in the atmosphere between people; all the tensions and moods, and all those confusing energies.
Deflecting, again.
“I'll keep that in mind,” Sherlock settles for answering, swallowing back something far more biting, the proximity and the almost-sensation of John's breath against his hair stealing away his determination and his edge.
The crackling, sparkling tension of it is enough to override any remaining noise inside his mind.
[   ]  IDK = I don't know
In the seat beside him, John is now changing from ocean green -
From the look on Sherlock's face, it seems clear that he expects John to do the talking.
“Not even close,” John states, though his voice is friendly enough , He makes no move to continue the conversation, so Sherlock gets to his feet, adjusting the cuffs of his shirt before he nods, meeting John’s gaze.
. It adds up too much more than Sherlock wants to think about at this moment, so he attempts not to think about it, attempts to focus on keeping his eyes open as he bends his head, taking the first step, for once offering to be the first one to display his vulnerability -
John got his phone up again, swiped over the screen to unlock it and then finally shut it off completely before letting it slip back into his pocket.
the contrast is reduced until no outlines remain,
It's not sudden or forceful, no, it's only a slow, steady pressure of John's hand splayed out over his nape and the back of his head that's pushing Sherlock's upper body down until his cheek makes contact with the surface just vacated by the microscope. The pressure on Sherlock's skull only eases once the side of his head is pressed against the worn, scratched wood, and then John's hand instead fists in his hair, the grip pinning Sherlock to the table whilst another hand comes to rest heavily between Sherlock's shoulder blades.
The problem being that he needs to devise a plan for how to reach his stated goal, but finds himself lacking several variables needed in order to form a theory on the best way to reach the desired result.
John doesn't lean up to kiss him. Instead, John uses his hands, his demeanor, to make Sherlock bend - to make Sherlock
“You’re not depressed.”
(John’s gone through Sherlock’s cabinet, opened his medications, counted the empty blisters, knowing that Sherlock retreats to anxiolytics to manage his own thoughts.)
The game might not be fully
"A case. I need a case. Did they end up solving that case Lestrade was so desperate for us to take? Never mind, it's probably boring anyway."
John’s arm is flung across Sherlock’s hip, and they’re too warm for any more skin-to-skin contact than that, but John still wants to be close, he always does. The position means that Sherlock can’t see John’s scar, and he’s thankful for that, because as fascinating as it is, it’s also a visual reminder of how John’s life in the army was nothing but brutally real, nothing like Sherlock’s naive and sexualized fantasies about being sexually dominated, humiliated and used by the capt--
footsteps - on the stairs brings another problem to Sherlock’s attention.
“Do what?”
As the heat increases, Sherlock feels how the air he inhales starts to burn in his lungs, making each breath more shallow.
“Comparatively, yes. I can't say whether it's noticeable outside test situations yet, but there seems to be a discrepancy.”
Something in the earnestness of John's entire reaction, in the repulsion he displays at the thought of what Sherlock implied, makes something almost warm settle beneath Sherlock's skin, and the sensation is not unlike that he had experienced when he had looked around the police cars and ambulances outside the school where the cabbie had been shot, only to see a short little man with a deceivingly innocent look stand with his hands in his pocket and survey the crime scene as if he had no idea what had happened.
“Because you’re not.”
) mattered still.
“They're who we've been looking for.”
John's sour voice makes Sherlock check his phone.
“You really need me to put it into words?”
Nadine seems genuinely curious about how Sherlock is, since Sherlock hasn't attended any lectures or tutorials for several weeks. Not since the “accident” in the lab. The consequences of his unauthorised experiments and his breaking and entering are yet to be determined, but right now the whole issue seems peripheral.
And just like in the case of pain and sexual pleasure, it seems like the combination of chemistry and destruction might have a certain synergetic effect.
As for consent, which several readers - for good reasons - have found to be problematic in this verse, I think we're moving towards a slightly more expressed consent, although we're far from all the way there. Per usual, the sex in this chapter is perhaps somewhat... 'uncomfortable', but then none of the sex written in this verse were written with the intent of being 'hot' (what does that even mean?), but rather to move the story forward, as sex is in fact a centeral theme in this story, albeit not in the usual sense. It's more about illustrating the progress and setbacks of... whatever this is to them.
Sherlock stops typing mid-word. He hadn’t heard John entering the sitting room, his mind finally focusing on something more important than his own sentiment. The morning light pours in through the tall windows of the sitting room and Sherlock wills himself not to look up at John. He doesn’t sound angry.
[   ]  = Fantasy
As John passes through the kitchen, his eyes linger a bit longer on Sherlock’s clothing than usual, but he lets the new pieces pass without a comment.
(Aeroplanes are nothing like silver birds, and never were.)
John looks up at him as he enters the kitchen, and there's a slight buzz beneath Sherlock's skin, but it's not a vibration, more of an intensity. Like Sherlock’s a force of nature -
John’s voice softens marginally as his eyes meets Sherlock’s -
“I think I should take something without alcohol, then,” she said, flipping the melting ice in her otherwise empty glass.
Half a sandwich later, Sherlock concludes that privnote is the only website visited on this computer that could have been used for untraceable communication. There’s still a chance that Beta, his most frequently consulted hacker, could find something more, but he doubts that he can get her to come and pick the laptop up from his place at this time. Beta has recently found herself a day job, which is most unfortunate. He texts her, but expects nothing until later.
particular kind of clamp.
“Right…” John's voice get that mix of amazement and frustration that it only ever gets when talking to, or about, Sherlock. “So you're--”
When John looks up from the keyboard as Sherlock enters the living room, his stare is instantly inquisitive.
Above Sherlock, a ceiling fan is doing nothing to help with the stuffy air. Despite the dimness of the room, the sight of the rotating, brass-coloured blades only seem to add to the vertigo that’s slowly building up somewhere inside his head.
him. Presumably in more than one sense of the word.
This is even more unsettling. It's one of those phrases that Sherlock has absolutely no idea what to make of, nevertheless how he's meant to reply to it.
Feeling his pelvis finally pressed firmly against Sherlock’s buttocks and having himself enclosed in Sherlock from tip to root is a heady feeling. The warmth inside his pelvis is becoming more and more pressing and it’s an act of the most advanced self-control to keep himself from thrusting.
“Was it - was the war the first time?”
Answer to current item - Sherlock
* * * * *
Sherlock finds himself presented with a practical matter; the question of how to shift someone’s attention from post-surgical infections and the problematic use of broad spectrum antibiotics to the act of kissing?
He slams the drawer shut, resentment and anger flooding his system. There are no compulsions now, only fury over this empty house and pointless papers and countless distractions thrown up by his
He can't fly into a window, but he could attempt to fly out of one, he thinks, picturing the ground approaching faster than it ever has done in his life, and of the finality of such a flight, and suddenly it's hard not to smile; a reverse version of the death of a finch. That would make up for not having gotten to examine the bird. This would be so much more explorative.
It hadn't been in the least erotic, the way Sherlock's hands had become steady first after the pain had surged through his nerves and the reality of what he was doing had settled in. There’s nothing sexual about… having been so desperate to regain some measure of control. Of having lost so much of his control. Yet there are things that Sherlock isn’t telling John, and his ‘no’ isn’t the whole of it.
“So where are we…?”
(It’s a pattern he should have recognised, a sign he should have seen.)
And John looks pleased, they way he does when Sherlock’s mind is five steps ahead, but John is still contributing, still making a difference, even if he has no idea how.
“I don't want to pose as a threat to your sexuality.”
- lurking just outside his field of vision.
(John doesn't use words when he wants something, Sherlock knows this. John uses his facial expressions, his minute approval or disapproval, his body language or his actions to communicate and ensure that he gets what he wants. He simply makes the other person want to give it to him. It just hadn't occurred to Sherlock that this style of communication would transfer so well to…
“To John?” Selma asks.
It does itch, the need to correct, and for a second, there's a flare of something sharp and corrosive inside Sherlock, but he swallows the anger down. It's a weakness, letting emotional urges get in the way of pointing out lapses in logic, and he seldom does this -
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock wants a lot of things, but he knows better than to wish for them. If you want something, wishing is far less effective than just grabbing a hold of whatever it is you want.
Almost buried beneath one of the pillows, a thick textbook rests on the mattress. Sherlock bought it four (or was it five?) days ago on one of his rare expeditions from his flat. As he pushes the pillow to the floor, the spine of the book becomes visible from where Sherlock lies.
It goes on for minutes, or so Sherlock thinks, because he has never been able to tell time without visual measures, and it isn't until the microscope is being pushed aside by John that Sherlock becomes aware of what's happening.
into an act of quiet defiance of his brother's insinuations.
Not enough, but oh, so much closer to what he craves, what he’s never thought he’d actually experience from any other hand than his own, and Sherlock’s eyes slid close, a quick inhale giving him away--
“You should leave for the clinic,” Sherlock supplies. Yet another one of those things his brain seldom lets lapse -
A new distraction. For the first time in weeks, the smell of the old dishes doesn’t even bother him.
John's body is heavy on Sherlock's, and John's breath is ghosting over his forehead, their limbs tangled and Sherlock's wrists pinned next to his head by John's hands.
Oxazepam 10 mg.
There are interruptions - like John breaking away to let Sherlock breathe - but that only makes it harder. So Sherlock never lets go, keeps pushing in, and when John's not backing off slightly his movements are just as desperate and erratic as Sherlock's.
Nodding, Sherlock waits before a warm styrofoam tray is handed over to him, exchanged for a few coins. The chips are hot enough to hurt his fingers, but then he's never been one for patience.
“Until she was nineteen, Sophia Sanders attended bake sales, Bible groups and ridiculously expensive teen camps, all related to her parents’ congregation. Look at this,” Sherlock says, pointing at a photo posted on Sophia’s Facebook page. In the picture, a tall girl stands in the midst of a group of other girls, all making faces at the camera while pointing to a sign that announces their arrival at “Jesus Camp”. The girl squints in the bright sunlight, but her smile seems sincere and a shorter friend holds an arm around her waist while Sophia has an expensive-looking handbag on her arm together with a bracelet that seems to be identical to the ones worn by the other girls.
Shaking his head, Sherlock watches John disappear out of his line of sight, deciding that he might use the time for an experiment.
“Fucking coward,” Sherlock hears him mutter.
Something.
, and perhaps Sherlock’s chemical instability isn’t the worst thing that could happen to John, after all.
-stroking-
“Well, yeah…” Selma says with a forced half smile, then hesitantly turns to the people on her other side, trying to look like she finds the conversation interesting. It doesn't look natural, and the tension in her body gives her away.
- as he turned away from John to head to his bedroom. This is nothing novel - for some reason John’s provoked that involuntary reflex several times during the last few months. It’s only when seen in the light of the other parts of the schema that this is significant. The final part - the catalyst for this whole observational study - is the unusual state in which Sherlock woke up this morning. An autonomous physical reaction that doesn’t require external stimuli to manifest itself. Still, it’s rare enough to qualify as part of the pattern. A pattern he hasn’t observed in himself for the last 14 years.
John won't say that he thinks that he's just done one of his most impressive attempts at deduction as of lately, and he also won't say that figuring parts of this out has made everything about what they've done so far seem far more… comprehensible. While his own desires are still somewhat distressing to him, John finds that knowing what he now knows about how Sherlock perceives it makes it seem like much less of an issue.
. Sherlock knows that John can’t
Then the pressure on his buttocks eases before a hot-cold pressure finds his anus. Turning his face right into the pillow Sherlock holds his breath, waiting for the pressure to increase until it will turn painful and fierce.
This could be a breaking point. It could all be over before it's even begun.
Sherlock’s mind is focused on keeping his facial features under control in order to not give away the fact that the cloudy day is too bright for his eyes. The cold, harsh light seems to sear his retinas, making them thinner and thinner, slowly letting the sharp light burn it’s way through his optic nerve right into…
Sherlock finds it uncomfortable, humiliating, too much and not especially satisfactory. He battles with his instinct to withdraw and get away.
(At least, it’s rarely boring.)
“Seriously;
“He’s creepy. Wouldn’t want to go over there every time.”
Irene Adler had said that the problem with a disguise is that it's always a self-portrait of sorts.
Sherlock blinks his eyes open, but the ceiling above him is just as bland and inexpressive as ever, and so he lets them drift shut again, finding it easier to focus on John’s voice without the light bleeding into his awareness.
John steps closer until the distance separating them is so insignificant that Sherlock can feel the warmth of John’s breath in each of his own inhales.
“I’m saying that you should stay out of this,” Sherlock spits, his hands visibly shaking as he rises from his chair and walks over to John by the counter, towering over him with a confidence he’s very much not feeling. He manages to get the next sentence out with intonation on every single word. “Once again you’ve managed to stick your nose into something that has nothing whatsoever to do with you.”
“This is not fear,” John interrupts. “Or; it is, but not over what you think it is. This scares me, but I don’t do it because I’m scared. It’s because I… want to. Need to.”
It looks nothing like the loathed politeness of the past few days.
He reaches it, and the screen is still intact.
“Not the bulimia again, it’s hardly anyone else’s problem if your teeth will…”
“You had...
Pain, Sherlock knows, can be either useful, hateful or conducive to pleasure. He’s known pain to be useful since before he had any concept of such things, using it to ground himself and to make himself withstand other, far more unpleasant things. It had been a behaviour that he soon learned was not ‘good’, was not acceptable, so he’d done like he’d done with everything else that people condemned; he’d kept on doing it, but out of sight for anyone else.
While he doesn’t meet enough of the criteria for any individual diagnosis, he does - arguably - meet the criteria for most of the Not Otherwise Specified diagnoses in each of the categories.
This. This man allowing John to do this. This man wants John to do this to him, rather. The rounded arse and the exposed and stretched hole are both there to take.
“I think,” Sherlock says, managing to keep his voice steady, “that it would be far more efficient for you to tell me what you would like to do to me, and see if I have any objections.”
… worth it.)
And Mycroft surely knows it.
Eventually, some of the thoughts he needs to examine in order to do this leads to some inevitable physical reactions, which in turn leads to a problem that needs dealing with.
He ought to, but having Sherlock like this, such notions seems peripheral.
“Right, right, I’m coming,” John says, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand after one last sip of his beer.
As Sherlock makes the call, it strikes him that he hasn't felt any compulsions for the entire duration of their break-in.
- then perhaps he’ll function, perhaps he’ll be enough.
’ and ‘
Underneath the water surface, Sherlock's skin looks a bit more aglow than usual. Warmer. More golden.
We all experience this difference; the difference in the roles we have, but to people with BPD, these shifts might be more profound and leaving them feeling like they lack a core self, and instead are more like a fabric that soaks up all different colors and liquids that it comes into contact to, adjusting behaviours, emotions and beliefs depending on the situation at hand.
“It's an oversimplification that fails to take my own actual inclination into account, but yes.”
Normally, John isn't that affected by Sherlock's ‘moods’, but now he’s also angry, but trying not to be. Anger, Helena used to say, is often a secondary response to sadness, fear or shame.
John’s message arrives as Sherlock swallows down the last of his now cold tea, having just finished remaking the bed.
echoes over half the table, as the heavy, bearded nurse raises his beer to a symbolic toast towards the posh stranger at the other end of the table.
If there’s any truth to what Helena wrote about the tricyclic antidepressant only obscuring things -
“It’s most commonly known as ‘infatuation’ and it’s dependent on serotonin levels  falling low enough to allow the brain to become obsessed with the object of the infatuation. Isn’t it poetic, brother mine, that what people call ‘love’ manifests through a chemical imbalance that’s almost identical to that of obsessive-compulsive disorder?” Mycroft isn’t smiling, merely observing, but to Sherlock, it feels like his brother is ripping something away, tearing a hole in the floor beneath his feet and-- “In other words, you seem to have efficiently landed yourself in yet another pathological state of obsession.”
It’s not even worth acknowledgement, so Sherlock offers none. Mycroft, taking his phone from his pocket, allows the question to drop, picking up another thread.
(The sensation of one invasion makes him imagine other physical invasions, and the mere thought of it causes his body prepare to participate in…
“Synesthesia. A ‘cross-wiring between different sensory or cognitive pathways’ - a neuroanatomical anomaly.”
“Sorry about that.”
“Clinical anxiety is sometimes just the result of an overactive nervous system,” John says, clearing his throat and absently picking up his fork again -
Wiping his mouth, erasing the ghost of something that Mycroft cannot be allowed to deduce, Sherlock straightens his back before slumping down on the sofa, his brother’s steps approaching up the staircase.
"Yeah, I'd like some Indian."
“Why would he do that? It’s not like he ever cares about that if it’s not related to a case. In any case, if he tried to fit in he did a pretty lousy job for a genius.”
Sherlock draws in a breath, and John finds himself holding his own breath, waiting for whatever's to come.
"Once again? When did I last-- No. Never mind. It’s one simple question, Sherlock, and it’s not like I have a habit of inquiring about things that you do that doesn’t concern me, or… well, that's the thing, isn't it? Nothing you do has anything to do with me."
The only really remarkable thing about this particular chemical problem is that Sherlock’s not certain if he even wants it to be solved.
Sherlock knows that wanting something not to matter is not the same thing as that something being truly and utterly inconsequential to you.
“In my mind’s eye, you appear to radiate a tangelo orange glow when you’re confident and pleased with something
“Three hundred? That’s just absurd,” Sherlock says, eyeing the woman who’s supposed to hand him what he wants.
“The way she… beat you.”
Being in such close physical proximity to John, Sherlock experienced it more as a slip into his headspace of sexual fantasies than as a moment of emotional connection, or even affection.
What he is looking for is criteria. Because if Sherlock can find a plausible explanation - preferably something suitably organic that could be confirmed by neuroscientific findings and is in addition manageable through chemical intervention - then perhaps he can gain an ounce of control over what's now controlling him.
* * * *
(Nineteen, if he adds a small extra step to avoid finishing at eighteen.)
The pulsing doesn’t stop.
“I derive pleasure from being held down, tied up and from being restrained. I also find mild to moderate pain as well as certain kinds of humiliation to be sexually arousing. I’ve had this ‘inclination’ since before I understood the concept of sex. I’m sorry to hear that you find what I am to be unacceptable.”
(Familiar.)
John is clearing his throat and adjusting his shirt, and Sherlock knows that while they are both crap at so many things -
“John.”
- to reveal that the skin you’ve put on to cover yourself up doesn’t even fit anymore.
distracting,” he says, his voice taking on a petulant tone.
Somewhat predictably, a second hand trails up his back, stopping only as it reaches the back of his head, fisting in his curls. A sharp tug, and Sherlock feels his neck bend back a fraction. The first sting of pain becomes a more constant and less endorphin provoking burn as he allows himself to further lean back, easing the strain on his follicles.
“Are you out of your mind?” the man shouts at him after a few moments of stunned silence, looking at the metal in his hand.
There are behaviours that serve no evolutionary purpose, and yet, there are neuronal pathways that serve to facilitate kissing, and that’s illogical and wasteful and perhaps it’s just a symptom of an underlying chemical defect, one that makes people crave the relief that comes from rituals older than language.
[   ]  = I don't know
Inhale. Exhale.
The pain in his nipple returns, and the sounds he make might be both needy and slightly helpless. John shouldn’t want this, but he says he does, and Sherlock’s denied John too many things to deny him this. Even if it’s Not Good. Being in love is miserable, he concludes, because he’s probably been in love for a long time, and it’s led to all of this cognitive dissonance; all this distress over how the ideas and values he holds are now contradicting themselves on a daily basis. And it’s downright miserable and too addictive to give up.
Sherlock should probably have been tired and frustrated over not having gotten what he’d been wanting - craving? - from this in over a week, but the game had been… not boring, not boring at all. There’s a shiver; he thinks of how he must have looked to John as John had watched him standing in front of the bathroom mirror, pretending not to be seen for what he is - what he is in this game?
“Are you saying…”
Also; I've based most of the executive dysfunctions in this chapter based on how they most commonly presents in ADHD, due to me finding it most in character with Sherlock. There are, however, several ways that these dysfunctions might manifest, so take it for what it is; a mainly ADHD-based illustration of the phenomenon.
Still, there will inevitably be more than a bit of collateral damage to John. It’s not Right, and the wrongness of it is creeping into Sherlock’s bones with a
The biggest dissonance in this chapter might be the contradiction between what Sherlock’s been aspiring to do for over a decade; keeping away from any sentimental or romantic feelings towards another person, which he fears will make him obsessive and capable of inflicting distress and harm to the object (as he came to believe that it did with Samuel, an experience that shaped a significant part of Sherlock’s self-perceptions regarding the relationship to other people) and the overwhelming desire to give in, to allow himself to do this, to have this with John.
“She is not boring, and she knows how to treat royalty,” he adds quickly, attempting to make John smile.
. An invasion, and it tingles all the way down his torso, making his palms and the soles of his feet burn pleasantly and something in his pelvis tighten.
[   ]  N = No
is not something they do, but more than that;
(Sitting in a church hall, surrounded by silent reminders of his own obsessional beliefs about Judgement Day and the eternal damnation of the world, had evoked a flood of old associations, compulsions and mental rituals. At moments, he’d found himself once again being eleven years old and incapable of doing anything to prevent--)
Sherlock almost manages not to flinch at the unexpected opening. The allusion is both far-fetched and unusually cruel for an opening statement, even by his brother’s standards. It’s a deliberate affront coming from a man who usually goes out of his way to maintain an image of being above such appallingly common urges. He isn’t, though. Sherlock knows this, but doesn’t know if Mycroft is aware of this flaw in his facade. It only takes one crack in your composure to put you into someone’s thrall. Sherlock’s brain has derailed and completely rendered all attempts at composure in front of his brother approximately 23 times since he was eleven years old. It’s a disadvantage that renders their meeting like equals impossible.
Sherlock; tractable and pliant. Bright eyes, pupils wide and breathing too fast as John had closed the distance. Noises barely suppressed as John took his mouth. Head still held tight. More sounds poorly suppressed as John pulled at the curls in his fist. Hands hesitant as they slowly began tracing up John’s back after a minute of kissing.
Cognitive Dissonance in this chapter:
It was only to be expected.
The game is on, and fortunately, that means any other thoughts are not.
Mycroft raises an eyebrow. Sherlock’s voice remains cool, steady, because there’s almost a ritual - a mantra - to giving voice to something he’s been over so many times in his head.
is what he should want - he does want the proximity (that he doesn’t want to want), he does really want to know how it feels to lie here sated, fucked, filthy and with John’s arm still around his waist (the pressure of his arm is soon going to force Sherlock to move) and he does want to want to sleep here beside John, because doing so would somehow lessen the feeling of this - of
“Leave,” Sherlock says, his eyes steady on John’s. “If this is making you uncomfortable.”
What had been said, on the other hand, had been far more informative and interesting.
John clears his throat, assessing Sherlock cautiously for a few seconds, then nods slowly.
John doesn't continue, doesn't say 'so that in this, you don't have to use all your focus just to interpret all those social cues the way you have to in every other situation'.
He's spent his teenage years being resigned to the fact that he's suffering from an unfortunate combination of being gifted with a massive intellect while also being burdened by an abrasive personality. It was a simplified and insufficient conclusion, cracking around the edges, but he held onto it as the only way he could find any respite from the constant feeling that there was something more going on. The alternative was unacceptable; that there could be something obfuscated or pathological residing inside his own mind that he could neither understand nor define.
Actions speak loudly, but between two men with little skill in the social niceties, an admission of uncertainty speaks louder.
It's hardly his first time researching similar topics, and his own indulgence in certain fantasies has taught him what he does and does not like to a fairly wide extent.
Sherlock doesn't ask how it ended, or inquire about John’s reactions, restraining himself.
- to a rather exquisite blend of forest green and royal blue fading into each other. Somehow that makes the pressure worse.
your eyes meet mine just before dawn
Now it’s John who nods, still thoughtful.
Losing track of the conversation again, Sherlock interrupts Joseph with one last question.
“Oh,” John says then, raspy voice and fingers pulling back, pushing in.
The Tyrian purple is suddenly back. And this is not a conversation Sherlock’s even remotely comfortable having, but John’s eyes are no longer avoiding his and John’s suddenly radiating a color that’s been mostly absent since the day he left Sherlock on his own on the bathroom floor, too frustrated by the lack of information about what was happening to stay and observe him.
The criteria (from the DSM-IV) for Borderline Personality Disorder used in this chaper was:
“No. Inquiries have been sent and I'm awaiting confirmation on a few things.”
“Sherlock?”
It's not always a great experience. But we do it because we want to know what it's like. And for some people, that's how you discover what  kind of sex you like.
There was a time in Sherlock’s life before he committed himself fully to logic, but that time was neither productive or satisfying. The decision to hold logical reasoning above all else was what led him to this point -
John pauses, seemingly searching for the right words. His voice is surprisingly steady given the amount of alcohol they have recently consumed on  almost empty stomachs.
a ‘chemical imbalance’?”
“I’m sorry.” She says when no one else speaks.
Now he's thirty-two years old and he has urges and people - even normal people - do this, but he's also twelve years old and unable to cry over the fact that in a few days time, everything will be over, and he won't miss anyone, because he won't be alive to miss anything. He's both, and he's neither.
John takes a deep breath, letting it out slowly. Frustration bordering on anger is lurking under his barely restrained voice.
* * * * *
John stirs. Moving clumsily, unused to sharing his sleeping space with another person. From the pattern of his breathing Sherlock had already been aware that John wasn’t asleep, but well on the edge to it. Now his movements speak of drowsiness followed by sudden surfacing towards a more alert state, which in turn makes Sherlock relax his body fully, willing John to believe that he’s asleep.
John’s whispering, his voice urgent now.
Sherlock is fourteen years old and something in his brain finally takes the plunge.
- but John does, even if it never seems to do him any good. Perhaps it’s enough that one of them knows.
“That's what you like, is it?”
are not even related to each other other than strictly chemically speaking.)
“How--”
Clomipramine - "older" tricyclic antidepressant still used on indications of both depression (most common) and obsessive-compulsive behaviors.
Four hours ago, in his bedroom; John's questions, his insistence on checking on Sherlock. At Speedy's, working on the case.
“Mycroft,” says Sherlock, eyes still on the screen.
“Sex doesn't alarm me,” Sherlock says, because it really doesn't, if anything he finds the phenomenon in itself intriguing even if actual people's sex lives are often tiresome and predictable in the extreme.
“You really are a typical public school boy, aren’t you, Sherlock?”
The way John says it - like he’s performing the final test of a hypothesis that he’s almost certain will prove  accurate - makes the skin on Sherlock’s neck prickle, and it’s a struggle to remember to breathe, to remain eye contact and to--
John stops in his movements, looking up from Sherlock’s clavicles, cheeks flushed, lips more blood filled than Sherlock’s ever seen them. His eyes hazy, but still clear in their unspoken question.
A call for passengers to Washington to proceed to the announced gate breaks the silence that’s settled between them.
Afterwards, as he stands in the shower, washing away the semen on his abdomen and feeling the warm water sting against his chafing nipples, Sherlock decides on what direction he’ll take.
Fifteen years of anxiety as background noise, only for it to take over again.
At least John's colours are too diluted by the veil of Alprazolam to stick with Sherlock as he closes the door behind himself.
(Focus. Case.
It was during secondary school that Sherlock first met Gabriel Samsoie.
Instead of pulling out his phone, Sherlock casts a glance to his side.
36 seconds
Skin. While the sensations of needles is intoxicating (and indeed very much like acupuncture) the feeling of John's fingers grazing against the skin of his neck is just as tickling and burning as he knows touch to generally be. Withholding his impulse to flinch will only work for so long. It's a pressure building up and...
. “I know exactly where they went.”
it. As tension, or some other abstract manifestation of something that is so visible and clear to Sherlock.
John’s voice sounds thoughtful at this.
“Nope,” John says, a grin spreading slowly across his face despite Sherlock’s sharp tone.
. Though John doesn't seem to mind that Sherlock's not been answering his questions. John doesn't seem to mind Sherlock at all, most of the time. And they're on a case, and being ignored while actively working on a case doesn't seem to classify as a
) he manages to get room 19, and that's a neutral enough number.
From the seat next to him, John is looking at him with a complicated expression on his face, radiating furious red -
Fuck.
He manages to keep from pounding his head against the wall, as the obsessions and doubts finally tip over as his nervous system gets stuck in a loop in which each physical manifestation of sympathetic response only serves to trigger a bigger response, until there’s too much oxygen in his blood even as it feels like there’s not enough air.
rather than Sherlock’s prefered shade of John-purple;
As Sherlock's reputation as both a sociopath and a consulting detective spreads, Sherlock finds that he can afford to test the waters a bit in terms of how he presents himself.
“You don't do relationships,” John repeats, his voice slow and deliberate as he follows Sherlock into the flat, ending up standing close behind him, “but there are other things you might do.”
It fit. It was a pattern. So far, a vague pattern, but still a pattern.
This remains his opinion on the matter, and apparently, the authors of the thick textbook beside him agree. There are no mentions of suicide being immoral, but instead, there’s something far more disconcerting: research that indicates a vast majority of those either attempting or completing suicide are suffering from mental illnesses at the time of the attempt, and hence not in their right mind. While Sherlock failed to diagnose himself with anything definitive prior to rehab, he seems to be experiencing a textbook example of the depression that is supposed to follow cocaine withdrawal.
’ and ‘
The sudden sound of footsteps -
The point being:
The blue Pelican paperback, thought it remains on his floor for several weeks, can neither confirm nor dismiss what Sherlock knows to be true.
As they enter Deptford Green School, Sherlock is aware that it’s only a matter of minutes until the chaos in front of him will be dissolved. Four minutes, then the bell will ring and make it all go away -
Experiment.
(Has it been worth it?)
Beside him, John blushes, and Sherlock wonders why, because if anything, the implication that Sherlock's a virgin ought to make it clear to everyone in this room thinks that they're not a couple, at least not in the more traditional sense.
Other symptoms usually include intense fears of abandonment and intense anger and irritability, the reason for which others have difficulty understanding. People with BPD often engage in idealization and devaluation of others, alternating between high positive regard and great disappointment. Self-harm, suicidal behavior and substance intoxication are common.
As they cross the street, their flat becomes visible. Inside the flat, the lights are on and everything that had looked like a promise of something that would counteract the soreness in his throat and the greyness that has not in fact been kept at bay at all, but rather been managed simply by Sherlock provoking and heightening this… game of theirs, upping it until the crackling of it became loud enough to drown out the noise floor that had slowly begun to gain a foothold in his mind.
Sherlock seems content with that, and looks slightly more relaxed as the conversation begins to center around the work.
The breaths shift, moving over scapula to ghost over neck tendons - either a foreshadowing or a distraction.
Gabriel was a substitute teacher in chemistry, but while his teaching skills were mediocre at best, his knowledge about organic chemistry wasn't. What finally caught Sherlock’s attention, though, was an unexpected deduction that had nothing whatsoever to do with Gabriel’s professional qualifications.
“You initiated.”
He makes himself go through three other thoughts, following their patterns. It won’t make up for the one he hasn’t found the pattern for yet, but it will buy him some time. He takes a breath, filling his lungs with the heavy air from the broom closet, looks at the victim and starts to voice his deductions at breakneck speed.
“You’re a doctor, and you knew Sherlock was not conventionally sane when you moved in here.”
“We had access to information that whoever is looking for her doesn’t have. If they did, she wouldn’t still have been at Rushfordshire.”
The press of John against his thigh - a jolt, a revelation -
And every time it happens, Sherlock is slightly amazed. John understands his insinuation, even if it wasn’t even relevant to the question asked. John tightens his grip in Sherlock’s hair and his lips leave Sherlock’s neck and invade his mouth instead. The grip on his hair is pressing the back of Sherlock’s head into the sofa cushion with more intent now, pinning it while the weight of John’s body over Sherlock's is pressing the rest of him down as well, holding him there.
His unwelcome fantasies fade as his breathing slows down and his body begins to feel limp and heavy from his orgasm. Sherlock opens his eyes, watching John’s face; sated and breathless and so open, even with his eyes closed.
John’s doctor persona might be mild-mannered, but he takes great pride in his work, and Sherlock knows there are few things that make him as frustrated as poorly-practised medicine, including sensational research articles and the promotion of treatments that lack scientific grounding.
His head is heavy, almost painfully so, but his legs have finally settled - almost grown into the sofa cushions, by the feel of it - and he’s not counting things anymore.
“Indian leftovers?” Sherlock hears himself asking before John heads to the upstairs bedroom for his things.
(But this is what Sherlock has settled for, so this is what John has to deal with.)
After a few minutes, John’s arm can’t support him any longer, and Sherlock ends up flat against the carpet with John half on top of him, hands roaming his hair and Sherlock’s own hands on John’s back, pressing John’s upper body against his own chest. It’s grounding, the way John’s weight is holding him down and the way he can feel his own body through the dual pressure of the floor and his friend. It’s grounding, and it’s a counterweight to the feeling of fleetingness that somehow emerged with John’s words, words that Sherlock does not know how to interpret.
“Have you ever attempted suicide before?”
More green. More of the hateful khaki. But the Tyrian purple is there too, mixed with just a hint of arterial red.
Sixth step.
“I said I could be ‘a bit not good’, and you said ‘at least then we’ll know’,” Sherlock informs, voice void of all emotion as he zips the body bag together.
“You do know why it says on the box not to microwave these, don't you?”
If you can’t be like them, then you’ll simply have to be better than them. And if you can’t be like everyone else you will have to be something that is nothing like them, because you can’t compare two different species and proclaim one of them superior when one of them is land-living and the other one can fly.
Mycroft must have flinched at the sudden movement -
“No.”
Sherlock’s hardly had time to pick up his violin before he hears John’s footsteps approaching again. He doesn’t turn around, but it’s curious, John returning so quickly.
The fact that John chose the sofa makes things complicated. Sherlock can’t stand behind it and peer over his shoulder as he usually does when John is in his chair or sitting by the desk. For now, Sherlock finds that he’s hesitant to take a seat next to John on the sofa. He's aware of John in a way that's not entirely comfortable.
He swallows, trying to focus on the case, on why they're here.
George, Steven’s accomplice, had been around the car dealership on two occasions when Sherlock had been there looking for Steven. The middle-aged man had been the one who got Steven into the business, and likely the only person Steven had told about the twelve-year-old son he was no longer allowed to see and the years of homelessness after the divorce.
Behind him, Sherlock can sense the intent in every movement as John follows him up the seventeen steps leading up to their flat.
Sherlock knows just how defensive people get about the parts of themselves they don't want to acknowledge. It's the reason why Sherlock's started dropping hints about John's heterosexuality into conversations with people from the Yard, and it's why he had told Irene that if he wanted to look at naked women he'd only need to borrow John's laptop.
It's strange, Sherlock thinks as he crosses St Giles to the kebab van, to consider that after almost a year at uni, he's still not part of anything, but he's also not shut out from most things, either.
A deflection. A conscious misreading of Sherlock.
“Listen, I shouldn't have brought it up, back at the hotel. It's not any of my business.”
While the taxi keeps making its way through the shopping centres and grocery markets on the outskirts of London, Sherlock uses his phone to find the information he needs and then leans forward, a hand on the seat-back in front to steady himself. He is not sure he's up for this, but it's not about him - it's about the case.
And that in itself isn't shocking at all.
“Right… If this conversation is going to continue, I think I’m going to need some coffee,” John says, taking one more glance at Sherlock before continuing. “And when I say ‘if’, I mean it
The movement of her foot slows down during the silence that stretches between them, but then picks up again as she opens her mouth to speak once more.
And so they both agree that it doesn’t matter what or whom Sherlock wants.
At that point, it had already been made blatantly clear to him that whatever he was, he was in no way ‘normal’, and he felt no need to add anything more to the list of his so-called diversities.
It's shockingly intimate, John thinks, allowing his fingers to drift over Sherlock's neck, down to his slightly hunched shoulders and back up again.
Neither man speaks until the door closes behind her, and Sherlock straightens his jacket and reaches for his coat that's been draped over a nearby chair.
Two months after his discharge from the facility, Sherlock finds that the answers he needs at that point to handle the (neurochemically unavoidable) complication of his one and only diagnosed condition are most likely found in the field of suicidology.
(He can no longer allow himself the indulgence of disadvantages or distractions, in any form.)
Answer to current item - John
As the fingers are removed, Sherlock can still feel them.
. Ready to go to NSY and pick up a file.
For once, Sherlock wishes that his friend was just as dim as Sherlock sometimes likes to pretend that he is.
John’s tone is too off-hand - these past few weeks he’s been tentative whenever either of them broach the subject of Sherlock’s pathologies, as if worried that any misstep could make Sherlock close in on himself and shut John out (
“You have to look more deeply into what happened just before the break in the pattern appeared, John. Patterns like these are seldom broken. There’s always a trigger. If you find that trigger, you will learn a lot about the true nature of a person. Or, in this case, the most likely cause for Sophia’s disappearance.”
When John lets go of his hair, Sherlock can feel the muscles of his neck relax, only then realising that he's been bracing himself in case there'd be more. More pain. More... overstimulation. His eyes blink open and for a moment, he can see John's face as John pushes himself off of the table, the movement bringing his face to where it's almost just above Sherlock's.
Sherlock knows psychology the way a prey knows the way to avoid the predator.
Sherlock is frustrated now, frustrated in the way he sometimes becomes when the world around him fails to make sense and when he in turn can't make himself understood to those around him. It's an expression of helplessness, and it makes John think of other things Sherlock turns to when he can't make sense of something. Sherlock, when reaching a breaking point, will either become a volcanic eruption or a shattered magnifying lens, irredeemably broken, the pieces of it still functioning, but the big picture lost.
As he enters Speedy’s - only a slight increase in heart rate due to being subjected to the sounds and people outside their flat - John sits with the laptop open, sipping coffee from a chipped mug.
The sum of their entanglement.
(It’ll be like the first time they did anything like this - in the kitchen, pressed against the counters, only now John doesn’t have to stuff his hand into Sherlock’s pants and jerk him off, and now he can have Sherlock’s mouth for as long as he bloody well wants to. Now he knows what this is to them, and perhaps--)
Shame is still burning in his face when he reaches the bar and asks for the name he’s been given by his contact.
They’re tasteless, but they works. As he and John step into the cold light of spring outside the Yard, Sherlock's eyes are shielded just a fraction, allowing him to keep them open and observe his surroundings without being blinded. Everything is a few shades warmer and the feeling of light burning right into him is kept at bay.
...and John keeps pausing, as if he expected Sherlock to pull away at any moment and just--
It's both a physical act and a token, and Sherlock finds himself wishing that his brain wasn't so occupied with the token aspect of it. This is kissing, and it could have been one of the things that absorbed his whole mind, drowned out the constant noise, but it isn’t, because Sherlock’s mind is too preoccupied mimicking the John’s level of pressure, controlling his breathing and trying to determine what comes next. And perhaps that’s at least something new.
He trails off, and the halfspoken words are left to linger above them until Sherlock breaks the silence and causes them to dissipate.
“I was wrong.”
Sherlock’s already lost that control once today. He’s not about to lose it twice within minutes.
“How do you feel about the violin?”
There’s patterns and images in his head, and then there’s the sound of talking coming from the kitchen. The words are spoken loud enough not to be fully muffled by the pathetically thin door of his room, so he must be intended to hear what’s said.
John appears in the kitchen doorway, already wearing his jacket.
John’s voice breaks the compact flood of sensations just enough so that Sherlock can make out the words. His friend’s voice is almost teasing, but it's too breathy to convey any real sense of bicker. And Sherlock’s voice would probably be too thin and needy to allow any kind of dignity, so he doesn’t even attempt to articulate; he just lets some sort of approving, uncommitted sound answer. It doesn’t come out uncommitted, however, it comes out desperate, and if he hadn’t already felt his skin burn with all the dilated blood vessels, he’d be afraid that John would see how his cheeks burns even more.
Has Mycroft talked to Helena Martell? Or, more importantly; has Helena talked to Mycroft about him? Helena -
The door closes behind him, and the message remains unwritten.
It’s a break in, which would normally not be interesting enough for Sherlock to even consider answering Lestrade’s text, but this one had proved to be something special; it's the third in a row of break ins where nothing has been disturbed except for the bookshelves. All the books have been thrown out, some appear to be missing and page thirteen is missing in almost all of the fictional works while the non-fiction seems to just have been shoved down onto the floor. The thing that is different about this break in is the fact that there’s a man lying dead on the balcony of the flat, a man that most certainly isn't the resident of the flat; a Miss Sheila Rogers.
“False modesty does not become you,” Sherlock says simply, yet he can hear warmth sneaking into his tone unbidden.
Sherlock, having prepared and censored this deduction carefully beforehand, now begins to pace the sitting room floor with his hands pressed together like in prayer, pretending to consider his own question.
“No.”
“Sex of some kind(s) with two partners at a time"
It’s downright stupid - disregarding all common sense and safety - but it doesn’t change the the facts; in the end, John would rather take all the risks of unsafe sex than taking the single risk of putting anything about this into words. It would mean breaking the thin ice that they’re both doing their best pretending not to walk on, and they might enjoy risks, but there are risks not even they are willing to take.
"Don't be dull. Obviously. And it's not likely to be more than a five anyway, so I’m not leaving the apartment."
She was hesitant, but the alcohol seemed to have made her less self-conscious about saying things that might upset him, because she didn’t look like she expected him to throw a fit over her question on a topic he’d announced that he didn’t wish to talk about.
“It was you.”
. Cool air hits naked skin, but it’s hardly noticeable. Frustration and something that tickles and aches in the back of his throat leave him flushed. Even the contrast in temperature between skin and air is fierce and sharp.
John is offering a sheepish half-smile - a nervous response to tension - and Sherlock finds that he ought to offer John something in return.
The sentiment has no logic but he could build it a structure -
Three days top, likely less. And that's assuming there'll be a case or two.
“I am fully capable of reaching conclusions without my brother’s guidance.”
There's a beat of silence - another whisp of lukewarm air from the fan above against his face - before John speaks again.
- on.
(He'd been ready to sacrifice so many things when he thought the world was going to end, anything to stop it from doing so, and in the end, it wouldn't have helped, because the threat was never real. Instead, he had stood there with his promise to put logic above everything else in order to never find himself as thoroughly fooled again. And yet.)
“But since my mediocre intelligence wouldn’t allow me to find anything that’d make you truly uncomfortable, I guess it’s safe for me to continue this game without risking to make you uncomfortable.”
Being in love is miserable, Sherlock manages to conclude as he feels John slump against him, unmoving and heavy. Being in love - if that’s what this is - is contradictory, and Sherlock does not like internal contradictions. But he likes the way his body feels now. The tremor is disturbing, and the feeling of loss as John’s finger left him was unpredicted, but mostly his body feels right. His mind, however, is a battlefield of what he wants and what he wants to want, and it would probably be intolerable, if he hadn’t been so hazed and so weighted down by his John's body.
Liquid turning into gas. A metamorphosis Sherlock can understand.
“The best option is not to.”
He itches to correct John, to tell him that he’d in fact been gone for thirty-one hours, but it seems a bit beside the point. For a medical man, John doesn’t seem to be too keen on exactness most of the time.
- he lifts the proferred shades from John's hand and inspects them.
Would it kill him?
Things go very, very quiet.
Decision making has never, however, been easy when under the influence of increased oxytocin, vasopressin, endorphin or testosteron. Having another person close will further disable what little ability Sherlock has to form plans or make decisions.
- holding him down, taking him. Invading.
(See the end of the chapter for
Pressing three fingers inside himself, Sherlock has to fight the impulse of his body to resist the intrusion, working with his other hand to put his mind off the slight burning, now imagining it being his own fingers again, the other man’s hands -
“Have you always felt inclined to relieve that frustration by hurting me, or did that start only once you deduced that I might not be opposed to such arrangement?”
"No. Let's not. Ever. Again."
- against his thigh, and yes,
He begins to walk to the next street, watching for a cab along the road.
After six months of living together, Sherlock finds that it very much is.
Self-destructive behavior may be used as a coping mechanism, when things get to be 'too much'. For example, faced with a pressing scholastic assessment, someone may choose to sabotage their work rather than cope with the stress. This would make submission of (or passing) the assessment impossible, but remove the worry associated with it.
It’s hard, in that moment, not to imagine there being another layer to the tension between them.
He can attempt to get back to the matter once the lump that’s currently making it hard to swallow has dissolved itself.
He’s shivering, he realises.
In addition to the slight improvement of his mental state, there’s also a plan. The plan is simple; damage control and the resumption of previous functional patterns. Resumption ought to be easy; there'll surely be cases to be solved, ones that don't require him to leave to the flat. Damage control is harder, because Sherlock doesn't trust himself to estimate the extent of the damage.
“I thought you’d give your doctor a bit more credit than that,” Mycroft says, his voice carefully neutral as he puts down the saucer, adjusting the handle of the cup to align just so.
[ ] Y = Yes
His hand is shaking as he fumbles for his phone in his coat pocket. The call will be his farewell to John, no matter if he survives the next few minutes or not.
As the hours pass by, Sherlock finds that the lack of sleep together with his drastic decrease of anxiolytics is not a particularly favourable combination.
Seven is for perfection and the completeness of things, three is for the more spiritual form of perfection, or holiness if you will. Safe numbers used to counteract the pressure. It works when he does it like this, like a chant rather than an involuntary response to something uncontrollable.
Actions: Sherlock fails to self-regulate as he slams his own phone down onto Lestrade’s desk, hence breaking the screen. I think that normally, he wouldn’t be so careless, but after having sat through hours of something that’s boring enough to almost corrode on his brain, he won’t have the self-regulation needed to make sure that his phone doesn’t hit the desk too hard. It’s a common problem for almost everyone with executive problems; impulsivity in combination with poor self-regulation. It has consequences.
His own hands have found their way into John’s hair, stroking his skull beneath it, exploring the textures and the warmth, the way John’s head moves with each shift in what they do. It’s Sherlock’s hands that first register that John is withdrawing, creating a space between them where there had not been one just seconds ago -
The heat of John’s body and the discomfort of their position make it difficult for Sherlock not to constantly shift and adjust himself. He finds himself trying to count John’s breaths in order to focus on something -
Side-notes:
There's the sound of something being put on the table, and Sherlock doesn't have to turn around to know what it is.
And anyway, what does sexual orientation even mean when you're unlikely to ever find yourself in a situation where it actually matters what you are or aren't attracted to?
Upon discovering the scars, what had been perceived as an accidental overdose was suddenly a suicide attempt, because apparently a few scars were more indicative of being suicidal than doing class A narcotics were.
Apparently, Sherlock isn't the only one who found his own unpredictable limits slightly troublesome. Judging by the way that John hasn't even hinted at wanting…
. John will give Sherlock something that he will undoubtedly feel.
“You could get that stimulation anywhere, and with far more skill and less complications.”
“Oh, well that’s nice,” Selma says with a smile, and John is glad that he’d included her on this trip, even if Sherlock seems offended by the mere idea of it.
“That I labelled-- Sherlock, we haven't discussed anything related to--” John cuts himself off, suddenly remembering the conversation in question. “Shit.”
And then, puberty had happened and things inside him had gone from chaotic to pure cacophony and turmoil, and the
His wrist is released, and his hand presses into John’s hair, letting himself indulge in how the rather short strands of hair feels against his palm, the sharpness of the recently cut ends of each hair pinching his skin as a benevolent needle. John’s hand is suddenly too close to where Sherlock wants it, where he needs it, and he tries to make some room between their bodies, so John’s hand can reach in and touch his cock, but John doesn’t, he keeps himself pressed against Sherlock’s pelvis, rutting as his hand traces a buttock, the cease between the buttock and the thigh, kneading muscles. Then, without any form of warning, John leans to the side, creating the necessary space for his hand to stroke iliac crests and the scar tissue on Sherlock’s thigh, and Sherlock hates that. He doesn’t, however, hate how John is still pressed against half his body and he doesn’t hate the hand that’s now between his thighs, fingering his testicles. If he tilts his head up just a bit, he could see John, see his fingers on Sherlock’s body, but he can’t, it’s too indulgent and too much and…
John is… not
Sherlock rises from his place in front of the fire, satisfied with the way the logs are slowly beginning to catch alight. The room is aglow, the flames from the fire painting it in warm oranges and reds the way the heat of the shower painted Sherlock’s own skin in different shades of pink earlier that night.
(What John is allowed to be - is slowly allowing himself to be - when they do this-- It’s more operative than the mere attraction to a particular set of genitals--)
(He could be accused of megalomania at times, but even he knows his limits, and this is one of them. He only wishes he’d known earlier, so he wouldn’t have had to follow every single ritual, to protect everything he loved and --)
Effort - regulating alertness, sustained effort and speed
“You know what? I’m too tired to even think about this right now,” John finally says, closing the fridge and instead grabbing an apple from a bowl by the cooker. “You can’t just-- no. Let's just have this talk some time when I haven't been awake for twenty-four hours straight.”
“Considering that you’re the only one who has had access to some of this information, it’d be like signing your death certificate, and since your son is soon going to be old enough to decide if he wants to see you I figured that even that depressing little flat of yours is a better place for that than a graveyard.”
As John shifts once more in his sleep, now turning his back to Sherlock and pulling most of the duvet with him, it only takes a shiver caused by the cold air against his skin for Sherlock to finally act on the panic that is slowly eating away at his breast bone.
Time seems to become more erratic and less linear after that, because sensation coils low in Sherlock’s body, his skin is tingling and John’s skin is pressed against his own skin, the warmth and friction and the sheer boundlessness of it all is… (neurochemically) intoxicating.
This game they're playing, it's over the top and dangerous and-- And John is attracted to danger, and he only pretends that he really cares what's ‘inappropriate’, and Sherlock thrives on risks as well. The part about him being a sensation seeker hadn't been a lie.
“No. I asked for sensible answers, remember? While I might be able to do a better job than you on deducing the first, the latter is something you'll have to tell me. And how will you do that?”
There are things that will only ever be yours.
It's a risk. And therein lies the problem.
‘Unresponsive’ is hardly the word Sherlock would use to describe his own current state.
. (Illusion; it isn’t real.)
Even though what Mycroft had told him is just a hypothesis in the field of neuroscience - and a controversial one at that - there are patterns you can’t ignore. Whatever he might have felt -
and I can’t stand to lose you like that again.
(Why now?)
John’s voice is slightly amused, but his colors -
It only takes one look from the armed man for Sherlock to lower the chair and put his hands up.
While ‘conclusions’ isn’t quite the word, it does sound better than saying that he’s fully capable of creating his own doubts, but Sherlock hopes John won’t remark on this particular lack of consistency.
(That knowledge seems to be inadequate for understanding the process.)
Sherlock decides on a methodical approach to the problem, starting by sorting the main categories of disorders into the categories of ‘possible’ or ‘unlikely’.
“I’m going to take this slow. And don’t - don’t tell me that that’s ‘boring’, or ‘dull’, because honestly, I don’t care. You get to experiment all the time. In this experiment, I’ll… set the pace. I want to take my time and… see just what and how much you’re willing to take. I’ll take my time, and if that's not alright with you, you only need to say one word.”
“It's not on,” John says after having pulled his lips away from Sherlock's.
and more
It’s a crude comparison, but it works in his favor.
Selma took the pause as an excuse to use the bathroom and John was left with the phone in his hand, staring at the empty screen, trying to figure out if he was on to something or just drunk.
Sherlock was thirteen when he realised that the feeling of being out of place, of the world being full of people just reading from the same, inane script whenever they interacted, and the mere hopelessness of it all were not universal. He’d thought that while most people were better at simply disregarding the notion and carrying on with their lives, these experiences were - unlike his boredom and his impossibly bright mind - shared by all humans.
His own hands, Sherlock finds, are on either side of John’s waist, holding - holding on - but not directing. As their naked bodies slide together, Sherlock is reminded of their second time together, because it had been here, on the sofa, and it had been like this - a bare, mutual rutting and rubbing together. Simpler and yet so much harder than what they’d done since then.
. Proximity.
“I was not flailing!” John hisses, and Sherlock is on his feet once more, running towards the fence. He can hear the curses behind him as John gets up to follow.
Sherlock frowns. The discrepancy between the estimated and the actual time is unacceptable, since it would suggest a significant and disturbing decrease in his executive functions. At age 16, he solved the toy in 26 seconds. Now, at age 32, it took him 51 seconds, and that was on the re-trial.
