The man looked down at his hands. “And what about demons do you believe in those as well, being one of God’s creations?”
“Will you let him tell Dean?” Hannah asked from the couch reading one of the many books she’s gotten into.
“The night you saved me from Lilith, how did you know where I was? How did you save me?” Castiel questioned his gaze firm as she crossed her arms her face weary.
The demon smiled. “Would you like to know my name, Father? If I tell you my name will you tell me yours?” he sounded so sincere like he really wanted to know Castiel’s name.
Dean rolled his head around in boredom. “Sam I know you think you’re trying to fix me, but did it ever occur to you that maybe I don’t wanna be fixed? Just let me go live my life I won’t bother you. What do you care?”
Dean took in all the markings painted on Castiel’s body. They were all purifying and banishing marks and Dean’s blood boiled in anger. Castiel was
Dean took one step forward and was staring at the cathedral where he left his Priest. It was the middle of the night on a Sunday and nobody was around. The doors were sealed shut (as if that would make a difference) and it was deathly silent all around if it weren’t for the tug and pull of the bond he wouldn’t even know Castiel was in there.
Dean grinned. “Looking for this?” Dean pulled from behind his back the sleek demon blade his eyes flashing black at the sight of it.
They waited in silence till the door swung open the heavy smell of candied apples and sweet omega hit Castiel in thick waves almost clogging his nose. Gabriel stood before them his expression sharp, his blond hair cut closer to his face then Castiel’s ever seen it, and the once bright light in his golden eyes dimmed with the weight of responsibility a phone held to his ear. “Yes sir, we’ll be there tomorrow. No sir. You’ll have to talk to Chuck about that one, sir.” Gabriel jerked his head to the side allowing for the pair to come in. “Thank you, sir, we’ll see you then.” Gabriel hung up the phone his shoulders dropping his smile hardly reaching his eyes. “You came. I wasn’t sure you would.” He spoke his voice sharp stress obvious in his gaze as he looked them both up and down.
Everyone stood at once advancing towards Castiel like a pack to weed out the lone wolf who encroached on their territory. Castiel stiffened as his other half appeared in front of him red eyes gleeful. “
Dean snorts. “He’s going to expect that. We’ve summoned and trapped him many times. Don’t you think it’s a little redundant now?”
“Oh dear, it is very simple. All I need is for you to do what you already desperately want to do, tear Castiel apart and kill the omega, Dean, the one who destroyed your pretty little mind and who is now taking Castiel for himself. They’re located in the Winchester clan up in the north.”
Dean shook his head a wide smile on his lips as he replied to the alpha’s thoughts. “I’ve never heard someone sound so mistrusting about something they like. It was just… it was funny.” The omega rose to his feet offering his hand out to the alpha who eyed it wearily. Dean rolled his eyes. “I don’t bite, Cas, well, not much anyways.” His smile was gorgeous and full of sincerity and God damn him for finding it as beautiful as he did. Castiel grabbed the omega’s hand surprised by his strength as he hauled Castiel to his feet their faces inches apart.
And he did. Screaming at the top of his lungs profanities he never once had said before tightening around Dean’s cock pulling the demons orgasm from him. Castiel didn’t know how long he had blacked out from the sheer force of his first orgasm, but even as he came back up to reality all he felt was warm and satisfied for the first time in his life.
Sam sighed heavily his eyes flashing back to normal, “I caught wind of two of the hunter Priests we’ve been watching going to take care of one of our fake vampire nests. They weren’t equipped for a demon and killing the first was easy, but I couldn’t kill the second one.”
Dean raised his eyebrow his expression unimpressed. “When I realized what was happening, I went, and I found you. Meg was able to get you away from her because she’s a powerful druid, but I’m better at mind games than she ever will be. I sent her into her deepest nightmares and dragged her to jail.”
Dean collapsed onto Castiel breathing heavily his whole body was shaking. He could feel the bond repairing itself making him feel full of Castiel’s light and Dean smiled lazily. He rolled onto his side pulling out of Castiel, but keeping his arms wrapped around him. Cas nuzzled into Dean’s chest sighing happily.
“We’ll see. I’m going to head off to bed. Is there a particular room I should crash in?” She asked, and Gabriel stood nodding.
Dean grinned clapping Sam on the shoulder and began walking down the hallway. “Bitch.” He said good-heartedly, but the smile fell from his face the farther he walked away from his brother, out the door of his childhood home, and past the pack mates he would one day rule over and into the forest his wolf form a relief from it all. A place for him to let go of his unrequited feelings, a place that his power became quiet, and a place he could give in to impulse and not think for a while.
Castiel’s breathing was erratic, as he spit blood out of his mouth, red covering his normally white teeth. “I have more right to say it now than you do, you demonic prick!”
Dean whistled lowly summoning his very own pet hellhound. The growls came instantly and the heavy thuds of the beasts paws made the Priest shiver the rancid smell of piss filling the air. Dean scrunched his nose in disgust. “Mary be a good bitch and reduce him to bones and make sure he feels most of it.”
The omega hesitated hand in midair his green eyes studying the alpha. This close up Castiel could see freckles like galaxies spread out over the bridge of his nose, and dirty blond hair mused from hands running through it, and plush pink lips. He was beautiful and his scent was soft and comforting. Castiel growled lowly as the omegas expression softened for just a moment before hardening once more. “I’m no different than your pack mate. She uses magic too.” He muttered harshly.
Dean shook his head, trying to clear the sudden emptiness inside of him. He wasn’t sure what compelled him to do it, but he leaned forward sweeping the blood matted hair from Castiel’s forehead, and kissed it gently.
Dean sat back thinking back to a time when his eyes didn’t flash back, and he hunted what his brother and him have been for ten years. He vaguely remembers staying with a family that took them in for the night when Sam got hurt badly. There was a 15 year old boy named Gabriel who took care of Sam while Dean took care of the local werewolf problem.
She growled and he glanced up at her now yellow eyes her expression angry. “I know that, Castiel. I am fully aware of the extent of your feelings for me.” She snarled getting up in his personal space. “That doesn’t change anything for me though. I will continue to look at you every day and think about how much I love you, that there isn’t anything I wouldn’t do for you. Just because you don’t feel the same for me doesn’t make my feelings invalid. I have never pushed them on you and I still haven’t. Don’t take my concern as an attempt to make a move on you. I can love you from afar, and still, have normal concern for you. I’m glad you’re being more rational but excuse me if I’m not at least a little bit worried by the sudden change in behavior.” She stalked off and Castiel followed behind her silently. It was a fair point; she’d never come onto with him with unwanted advances. While they’d talked about her feelings before she never expected anything from him, but he couldn’t imagine this was easy for her.
“Please touch me, Dean. I-I need you to touch me.” Castiel’s deep gravely voice was beautiful with all that need in it. Dean wouldn’t deny him any longer, not when he obviously needed it so badly.
“Everything will be alright, Anna. Mr. Singer is going to help you, and you’ll get better and then we can spend as much time together as you want.” Castiel replied as tears welled into her eyes his heart squeezing painfully.
Castiel gasped as Dean’s hand suddenly wrapped around his aching cock, pumping him quickly. Castiel turned his head straining to look back at the older man behind him. “Still 9 years older than me. That’s almost a decade.”
“Of course I did, Anna.” Castiel murmured striding forward and scooping up her thin body in a warm hug. She coughed violently into his chest and Castiel pulled back cupping her face lightly. She was cool to the touch, no fever, just a wicked cough that wracked her body.
Dean pushed himself off of Castiel and pulled out of him watching with an amused smile as his own cum spilled out of Castiel. He pulled his pants on and started to walk away when Castiel’s deep voice caught his attention. “Where are you going?”
“He’s our mate.” A voice spoke low behind him and Castiel turned to see his other half for the first time looking tamed and… just as lost as he felt. His red eyes didn’t glow in rage but looked ashamed, haunted, and so very lost like he didn’t know what to do next. His hands were clutched tightly together like he was afraid to move.
Dean's face lit up as he pulled Castiel against him, kissing him like Castiel was the key to living. "You'll be the death of me, Cas."
“Since he stopped looking crazy.” Castiel murmured disturbed by the cool look his wolf gave him a level of calm Castiel’s never seen him achieve. There was always a tick, an angry look, his eyes glowing with glee for the next kill, but none of that was here now. He was determined, and calm awaiting something.
“Say I believe you, and that Castiel truly had meant to become rogue and he’s manipulating the story, does that mean he can somehow undecide to become rogue?” Meg asked, and Chuck shook his head miserably.
Dean howled with laughter. “You can’t exorcise me I was born into this body I’m not a flitting demon spirt you insolent fool!”
“You never had a brother. Just an excuse for not manning up. But guess what. I quit.” Dean spat sitting back into his chair.
“Look at yourself, Cas you’re responding to me so well, but you want more don’t you? You want my cock in the pretty little asshole of yours don’t you?” Castiel whimpered, but this time it wasn’t in pleasure it was in fear. He wasn’t supposed to have sex because he’s a priest and he’s devoted his life to the church.
Sensing his thought the omega looked up from his nose his fingertips alight with a golden light. “She’s a druid and was bitten at a young age and turned into a werewolf. That’s why she knew where to poke and prod to gain control of your wolf. She’s dangerous.” Dean gave quietly just as Castiel’s nose snapped back into place a string of curses falling from his lips.
She sighed running a hand through her dark hair fixing him with a heavy look. “I didn’t know where else to look or to go when Dean had shown up. He gave no explanation other than he knew where you were, and he had a plan. He’d take Lilith down while I hauled your ass out of there. I didn’t ask many questions and he told me to forget about him when it was all over. When I saw him this morning, I hardly recognized him. It wasn’t till you ran after him this morning that I realized who it was. Without him… I would never have found you.” And there it was. He had saved Castiel’s life. He wouldn’t be here without him.
“I do indeed my dear, and I’ll tell you free of charge. All I ask is for one tiny favor.” The fiery-haired woman motioned with her hand pinching her finger together to emphasis her point.
Seeing Castiel had been a shock really. Besides the fact that Dean was pleased he’d accomplished what he’d set out to do, he’d been genuinely happy to see the angel. The fear radiating off of his old lover both pleased him and made him sick. It was the human part of him that was making a headway in his dark mind. Crowley had warned him that he would feel some things for quite awhile afterwards. He said eventually the emotions would disappear.
Dean startled almost dropping the child when it’s eyes flashed bright blue like an angel’s for a second before it disappeared. Dean hadn’t even noticed that his own eyes had flashed black back at it. Dean hummed in thought. “You know what I am don’t you? On a heavenly level I guess you know exactly what I am and that is why you don’t trust me.”
Castiel huffed in annoyance, but walked to the weight room, surprised to find everyone standing outside the front door.
“I know.” She said in a breath her voice catching in her throat. Castiel said nothing as they continued hiking up the mountain at some point shedding their clothes and shifting into their wolf forms. He didn’t feel like anything he could say would help. The transition from him being in control to his wolf being in control was less violent and more gradual like Castiel was fading out and he was fading in. And while his wolf ran with Meg and hunted down a deer and howled at the moon Castiel thought long and hard about the last few years. He faced the night he turned rogue, boiled himself in the shame he felt, but accepted it for what it was. He’d been a boy; he’d been angry and put in an impossible situation. He was still angry with his father for what he’d allowed to happen, but Castiel could find a small amount of peace within himself for what happened.
“Oh no, you fucking don’t.” Meg hissed and socked Castiel against the jaw. The wolf roared getting up in her face but not touching her. He never touched his packmate with a hard hand not since that first night the glaring reminder on her beautiful face four perfect scratch marks to show just who she stuck around with.
Castiel nodded and watched the Dean in the mirror open the up the condom packet much the same way he had done with the packet of lube. Castiel groaned as Dean’s cock slowly breached his hole. When he had thought of Dean having sex he’d never imagined he would be as gentle as he was currently being. He’d expected him to be rough and quick like he’d started out, but Castiel found himself enjoying this side of Dean much better.
“Look at yourself, Castiel. Look at how well you’re taking my fingers inside you. Do you think you’re ready, Cas? Do you think you’re ready for my fat cock now?”
“Shut up, Cas,” Dean snarled, slamming their mouths together. Castiel moaned as Dean bit down on his lip and pushed his knee in between Castiel’s thighs to spread them. Dean pulled back, his green eyes almost completely lost to the black of his pupils. Dean gripped Castiel’s pants with one hand, ripping them down sharply, the other keeping Castiel pushed up against the wall.
Castiel snarled his hand lashing out around her throat his fangs elongated his nails long and sharp pressing into her skin. “Witch.” He hissed as he tightened his grip John rushing forward only to have Mary stop him with a single hand raised not even touching him.
“There’s a vampire nest that Father Michael and I are going to take care of. I’m sorry to leave you all alone here tonight, Castiel, but Father Zachariah will be here in the morning.”
Gabriel nodded. “As you should, no point on scaring your memory for life with the idea of how much I want in your brother’s pants.”
Sam smirked slightly but nodded and waited for him to connect the dots, “He’s the teenager who took care of me isn’t he?”
Castiel snorted and watched with curiosity the look Sam shared with Dean. Dean shrugged and Sam’s hazel eyes narrowed before turning back to look at them.
“We’re resting tonight. We’ll leave in the morning.” Her voice gave no room for argument and Castiel nodded pulling a tattered blanket from the bag rolling it up under his head and stared up at the night sky. The nymphs crawled from tree to tree watching them, making the trees sing around them, flowers Castiel had never seen before bloom casting a warm yellow light all around them. It was beautiful and terrifying all at once a strange lilt that eventually put him to sleep despite the strangeness of it all.
Castiel shook his head sending a quick text to Sam not to tell Dean even if he cures him and that it’s probably best he just tell Dean he’s dead. “No. Dean had a hard enough time allowing us to be what we were let alone knowing he has a child which should be impossible.”
Her smile grew but he could see in her eyes she didn’t believe him. “I’m sure we will. It’s late though, and I know Gabriel wanted to talk to you about it all and about dad. Keep an open mind for me okay?” Castiel nodded knowing he might not be able to. He was too unstable these days, a dam cracking at the seams. She tried to sit up more to give him a hug her arms shaking with the effort. Castiel lurched forward pulling her into his arms for a tight hug before setting her back down with a gentleness he didn’t know he still had.
Castiel clawed at the hand around his neck, his face slowly turning a red color as he choked out, “Mary gave up her life for you and…”
Castiel bristled about to tell Crowley he was there, but Dean held up a finger. “Well, I don’t really like things in my possession to be stolen. What are you doing with the kid, Crowley?”
Castiel glared out the window. “If you wouldn’t have told him in the first place this would never have happened.”
Dean groaned opening his eyes slowly. “Yeah, if you consider drowning in your own sweat while your blood boils okay.”
Castiel shook his head shuffling over to the couch to sit next to her. “There’s no need for that, Hannah.”
They drove for miles weaving in and out of trees till they neared the border of the elven territory. They dismounted from their bikes and picked them up walking them a good distance from their tracks and set them back down. Meg ran her fingers over the bikes the tips of her fingers glowing blue as she cast a light spell of concealment over them to hide them to the naked eye. She was a werewolf through and through, but somewhere in her bloodline was a fae and she used that little bit of blood to her advantage often. They shifted in pained silence their bodies cracking as they went and ran the rest of the way into the elven border. Castiel shuddered as they passed through the enchanted borders the magic tingling his skin. Castiel didn’t know what the magic was that they cast over their borders, and he didn’t want to know. If the police followed them this far, they wouldn’t dare cross the border and by the time they got the elves cooperation to get the clearance to search the area, they would’ve already snuck back for their bikes and gotten the hell out of dodge.
Castiel raised an eyebrow at the two of them, and Dean smiled while Gabriel rolled his eyes, smacking Dean’s hand away. Once the door was unlocked they all walked through, but the first thing that registered with Castiel was the gigantic man standing at the front of the room where Dean normally taught. Second thing he registered was they looked nothing alike.
The drive took about eight hours, and Anna was awake for maybe three of those eight hours. Chuck and Castiel sat in silence a heavy mood sitting over the two of them as if somehow Chuck sensed Castiel’s plan but didn’t bother to try and deter it.
Castiel shuddered dropping to his knees and looking at his hands. He chose this, chose this life for more power, and he chose to remember it differently. He chose to remember he had no choice but to accept his wolf’s offer. He couldn’t handle what he’d done.
“I’m sure Anna asked Castiel to come with. Maybe you can talk to her then.” Gabriel suggested, and Meg nodded rubbing the back of her neck.
“Back off please.” Castiel bit out breathing a sigh of relief as the omega stepped away from him standing to his full height and looking down on the alpha with a mixed expression like he didn’t know what to think of this alpha before him.
Castiel nodded and stood. Dean took the all the towels they used and hung them on the rack tacking Castiel’s hand and leading him to the large king sized bed. Castiel curled to him and Dean wrapped his arms around him pulling him flush against him looking down in beautiful aquamarine eyes.
It wasn’t, and he knew it, but he got his point across. “You’re not like this, Dean. Don’t start controlling and manipulating people. That’s the very thing he’s terrified of. Don’t become a monster.” Sam rumbled and Dean’s lip curled in defeat. Sam wasn’t wrong, but there wasn’t anything he wouldn’t do for the alpha who even now he could clearly see him looking at the beta who’d spent so many years saving him. He could see the tears on her face, could hear Castiel comfort her, just compartmentalizing it and shoving the incident away. He’d do it again; he’d control her again just to have that moment again where he started to see Dean as a person, not a monster.
Gabriel giggled again looking up at him with bright green eyes. His son looked and acted so much like Dean that it made Castiel’s heart ache every time he looked at him. His son was a blessing and a curse, but he’d never wish things differently. Castiel bathed his son, and dressed him for bed putting him down by reading him to sleep. Castiel put the book down and leaned over the crib side kissing his son's head gently. “I love you.” Castiel whispered then creeped out of his son’s nursery quietly grabbing the monitor on his way out.
Castiel cocked his head to the side. “Isn’t that what I am, though, Dean? An infatuation that you have?”
Dean nodded and sighed. “I need to get to Crowley or else he’ll think something is up. Let me handle this alone okay? I know you want to come, but I don’t need you getting hurt right now.”
“It’s going to be alright, Cas. I’ve got you. I’ve got you.” The baritone reassured and Castiel felt himself go limp held up by strong arms. “I’ve got you alpha.” Was the last thing he heard before it all went black.
“I never said those exact words about her. I made her mine, called her mate, but I never told you she was our mate. He is… Castiel just look around,” and Castiel was looking around and all it brought to his mind and heart was panic and resentment of this being who was having visions of him for years and never tried to find him.
Dean smiled. “I know what you did when you went looking for me. I know how far you went. Crowley told me all about it. So, let me ask you which one of us is really the monster? Hmm? Starting to come back to you now?” Dean’s grin slid into place as Sam’s heart stopped. The memory clear as day behind his eyes of tricking a guy into summoning a demon just so he could torture the demon and find out where Dean was. Sam didn’t stop that man from making that deal and at the time he didn’t really care.
“I won’t go dark side, Sam. I won’t go there again.” Dean declared running a hand through his hair uncomfortably. “Are we done with the chick flick moment, already?”
“You mean don’t become one again, Sam,” Dean replied a dark edge in his tone as his green eyes met those hazel orbs that almost seemed to recoil at the darkness held within them. What he’d seen in Lilith, what he’d done to Lilith haunted him every day, and that was the first time the council of witches visited them. They’d sensed his power, sensed it going dark no different than Rowena’s. They warned his mom that if he didn’t get his powers under control, they’d come for him. What they meant is they’d kill him before he could tip into the realm of dark magic that Rowena so readily played in. The council couldn’t touch her because she always knew when they’d come. Her power wasn’t so different from Dean’s, and she controlled those around her to ensure someone would always be willing to die for her to protect her if they came. That’s why she’d chosen Castiel’s family. It was a miracle Chuck had woken up at all.
.” His wolf snapped in his ear and Castiel flinched his anger swelling inside of him as an insatiable itch thrummed in his hands and his teeth elongated in his mouth begging for a fight.
Castiel sighed as he pulled on his grey shirt for gym class; thankfully, this was his last class of the day. He was startled out of his thoughts by the sudden slap on his back.
Castiel glanced up at Dean’s predatory gaze in the mirror, whimpering at the want he saw in it. Castiel moaned as the finger inside him twisted, brushing his prostate. Dean grinned against the skin of Castiel’s neck, peppering kisses along his shoulder as he added another finger.
Castiel tilted his head in thought. “I believe there is a God, and therefor I believe in all of his creations even if you cannot see them.”
Anna shifted then perhaps picking up on his souring scent as her eyes fluttered open her expression weary before lighting up like a lighthouse in the middle of the night. “You came.” Her weak voice came in a high soprano, and her smile was brilliant in a face too thin to be healthy.
Sam sighed looking out at the road as he drove. Castiel had called him in a hysteria and all that Sam really caught was Dean took my son and Castiel’s address. Sam hadn’t even thought twice as he drove down to pick Castiel up.
Castiel blushed even harder, and looked away, shoving the two packets deep into his pocket while Gabriel just laughed. “Cassie and I were just talking about him being 18 and being legal.” Gabriel said in response to Dean’s question.
Dean roared in anger and with a snap of Crowley’s finger’s he was gone and demon after demon came flooding in. Dean grinned his eyes flashing black. “Bring it on.”
Castiel shuddered blinking several times to try and clear the sudden feeling of being violated. “Cas?” Meg asked a shaky smile on her face her eyes screaming with worry. Castiel nodded once reaching up with hands that had never cupped his ears to stop the screaming and grabbed her own soft hands to pull them away from his face. Castiel stepped around her, his soft footfalls the only noise in the room as he walked out past Chuck and away from his omega brother that stood in protest only for Meg to put her hand on his shoulder shaking her head. He walked far into the forest and collapsed onto the misted ground staring up into the stormy sky and prayed for all of it to end.
Dean smirked as dread filled Castiel’s heart. Crowley was trying to take their son's soul. “Not exactly, Crowley.”
Dean took another step closer, their bodies only a few inches apart. “Let me rephrase the question, do you not like my attention?”
“Let me go first please. I think this is something you should know before I… before I go away.” Castiel ran a hand over his face in dread. It was such a human gesture to do.
“So, how was the wicked witch of the west?” Meg drawled and Castiel slowed to a stop looking at her with a new perspective.
Castiel walked into his living room seeing Hannah standing there quietly. “I didn’t want to interrupt.” She said quietly.
“I’ve never thanked you for sticking by his side Meg but thank you. You were better to him than any of us ever were.” Gabriel spoke his voice low with slight tones of anger, but Meg could feel it wasn’t towards her. She’d had a pack bond with all of them once, and even now she could feel it thrumming faintly. Another jab to remind her that the faint one she shared with Castiel would never be what it once had been.
Castiel can’t count on his fingers and toes anymore how many threats he’s gotten from girls who have serious crushes on Dean. Hell, he’s even gotten threats from guys. It’s not like he wants the damn attention! Castiel would rather sit in a corner and draw all class period then sit and be Dean’s monkey boy.
Meg frowned at him pulling his face to look at her when Castiel shook his head in disbelief. “He’s not angry,” Castiel spoke his voice low and distressed.
“Tomorrow. Rogue Control pulled Dad in asking if he knew anything about you. They found your latest mess.” Gabriel spoke through cupped hands covering his face expressing how tired he was. He didn’t seem fazed by the fact that Castiel had slaughtered a bar full of people. Castiel wondered when it became the norm.
Sam turned and dropped the needle onto the table. “Or, you’re just messing with me. Either way, the lore doesn’t say anything about exceptions to the cure.”
Castiel ripped open the door, running smack dab into the devil himself, Dean Fucking Winchester. Dean chuckled, holding out a hand to Castiel on the floor.
Gabriel huffed and grabbed Castiel’s hand, slapping a two small packets into his hand. “You can never be unprepared.”
“Good. Now come on. Anna is asking after you.” And just like that, it was as if nothing changed as they fell into step side by side walking down the stairway in sync with one another. No matter what happened Castiel took solace in the fact he’d always have Meg. He could fuck up everything and yet she’d still be there watching his back.
Castiel leaned against his bike looking up at his childhood home. The ancient manor stood tall it’s proud wood dark and it’s many windows lit like a welcoming siren. Castiel took a drag of his cigarette listening to the sounds of water trickling from the fountain’s stream. He’s been standing here for almost thirty minutes trying and failing to find the courage to make his way inside. Meg stood next to him silently watching him waiting for his decision. She’d follow him into all things without question her comforting eucalyptus scent blew towards him with the wind and he took comfort in the familiar smell.
Castiel sighed heavily and Sam could almost physically feel Castiel’s sadness. “Yes. I thought it was fitting, just like I thought Mary was a fitting middle name.”
She nodded smiling before leaving the room. Castiel looked back down at his child. “I won’t let anything happen to you I swear.” Castiel whispered tightening his grip around his child.
“I’m sorry, I don’t think I heard that right Cas, were you just begging me to stop?” Dean roared with laughter leaning back onto Castiel’s ribs enjoying the hiss of pain from the man under him.
“Does he know I’m here?” It was a dumb question Castiel knew that his father had allowed him into the territory of course he knew.
Castiel watched the omega as he spoke taking in the worn Henley with the plaid over shirt with ripped jeans and boots. He looked like the typical biker guy he’d see in a bar hustling people out of their money. What he liked seemed to fit him and Castiel thought as he stared into those green orbs this was the first time, he’d seen him genuinely smile and it was beautiful. “And what about you, Cas? Anything you’d like to share?”
Gabriel sighed heavily on his side of the line his voice turning grim. “It’s Anna, Cas. She’s not doing so hot. She’s getting worse. She’s asking after you, and I’ve got permission from Chuck to allow you back into the territory. She wants you to come home.” Castiel stared blankly at the ground for a moment his other half huffing against the tree.
Dean’s face darkened. “Oh, It’s the real me, all right. The new real me. The me who sees things for what they really are. Winchester’s, do gooders. Fighting the natural order. Let me tell you something. Guys like me, we
Meg shook her head anger tinging her words. “No, no I found him beaten to all hell. I had to take him to a fucking hospital. He had internal bleeding. You helped me take him!” Meg accused a long clawed finger pointed and Gabriel who looked at her helplessly like she was a pig-headed alpha who wouldn’t see reason.
His wolf moved into his line of vision Castiel’s eyes tracking him till the phantom stood in front of the omega his hand caressing that beautiful face. “I’m sorry.” The wolf whispered and the omega’s eyes fell closed as if he could feel the phantom hand his lip jutting out into a small pout.
Every time he cursed Dean hips would stutter, and he would moan loudly all the while muttering to Castiel. “Say it louder, babe let me hear you scream it.”
Gabriel glanced over at where Dean and Sam stood speaking in hushed whispers with defensive looks on their faces. “Well if I had a guess, he’s wearing bright red shorts right now.”
“Hey there again, Gigantor, long time no see.” Gabriel grinned, his golden eyes suddenly growing intense.
Hannah cocked her head in thought. “I think that he would have gotten a kick out of that. An outcast just like him being named after him. I think it fits well. What about a middle name?”
Gabriel chuckled and pushed Castiel forward. “Oh come on, Dean-O, you talk about how much you want in--”
Michael, God bless him, seemed to feel the exact same way. “Mr. Winchester, don’t you think you pay a little too much attention to Castiel?”
Castiel glared at the offered hand and hoisted himself up, pushing away Dean’s hand as if it had offended him. “My name is Castiel, Mr. Winchester.”
“Gonna fuck you up against this wall, Castiel, and no matter where you look you’ll be watching me pound into the tight sweet ass of yours.”
The old Priest spat spit at him, “I won’t live past tonight Demon I know your kind. Kill me now I won’t tell you where Castiel is. He’s safe from the likes of you.”
“Meg says you see him like he’s another person in the room. How bad is it, Cas?” Gabriel asked and Castiel dragged his attention back to his brother frowning.
“Your wolf thought the same thing about Lilith and look where that got you!” She seethed and Castiel held up a hand silencing her.
“As long as you’ll actually be there when I wake.” She whispered twisting a knife in his gut he didn’t know he had. He’d never be able to take back what he’d said and lose the unshakable faith she’d previously had for him.
“Meg-” Gabriel started but Chuck held up a hand to silence him his blue eyes weary as he starred Meg down his alpha scent thickening with the scent of a challenge.
Dean groaned angrily picking up the infant and holding it close rocking it. “Do you miss, Castiel is that it?”
Castiel found himself impatiently waiting for the class to end, being so caught up in his thoughts that when a pair of hands landed on his hips, he completely jumped, crashing down onto the floor. The unmistakable sound of Dean Winchester’s laugh came behind him.
And we're back! Progress is happening, to say the least. This chapter is a bit longer than the last one and I hope you all enjoy it.
He waited patiently for Castiel to repeat the words then continued on. “I forsake God and all of his grace from ever touching me again.” Dean smiled when Castiel said it without skipping a beat his need to cum much more urgent then his need for God. “And I give my soul to bind itself to this demon from now and even beyond the grave.”
Castiel gulped complete and utter comprehension of his situation hitting him. Dean would always be able to find him because Hannah was how he was paying for everything and staying alive. She moved him to the new locations and Dean could just follow. Castiel tried desperately to hold down the panic sweeping him as the first tear made it down his face. “Please, Dean, do whatever you want to me just don’t hurt him.” Castiel pleaded tears falling down his cheeks in full force now. He was failing his son. He’d promised he’d never let anything hurt him and by the glint in Dean’s now green eyes again he knew that Dean wouldn’t leave his son alone.
Sam’s eyes widened in shock then hardened, “Wait a minute when you say companion you didn’t bind yourself to this ‘companion’ did you?”
“Oh no you don’t angel. You don’t get to fucking crawl away from me.” Dean slammed his foot over and over into Castiel’s ribs counting every scream coming from the angel’s lips. The angel doubled over and cried out in anguish.
“Mary,” John warned low as he tried to circle around Castiel. Castiel growled low in his throat at John his eyes snapping back to him.
A gravel voice purred in his ear and Castiel glanced to his side an alpha twice his size with a burly beard glared at him while he sipped his beer. Castiel flicked his gaze back to his own drink tensing as phantom hands gripped his shoulders. “
Gabriel sighed looking between the two of them running a hand through his hair. “I can work with in between, but if you get that bad again you have to go back, Cas. We can’t lose the real you again.” His brother pleaded, and it was genuine concern Castiel saw in his eyes and heard in the tenor of his voice.
Lilith homed in on the woman then blue eyes swimming in her mind a fierce hunger filling her, a need to conquer, control, tear him apart and revel in cries filled her. The first cruel and unpracticed smiled she’s given since that night filled her features and her mind began to clear. “Do you know where they are? Do you know where my Castiel is?” She asked excitedly clutching at the woman tightly the warmth fading away as the woman dropped her hand a wicked smile filling the other woman’s features.
Castiel hates gym. Don’t get it wrong, he’s good at sports, like really good, but he hates gym. He especially hates his attractive gym teacher who has no right to be that damn attractive. Dean Winchester. The teacher every girl swoons over, the teacher every boy tries not to check out every time he walks by in those stupid tight red shorts. Castiel would bet his entire fortune that every person who has ever been in that man’s gym class has had at least one wet dream about him and those fucking tight red shorts.
“Do we need to take you back to Saint Claire’s?” She asked quietly, and his wolf roared in anger spinning around and getting into Castiel’s face pointing a phantom finger into Castiel’s chest.
His wolf knelt down in front of him the image of him broken and bruised. “You got the power you wanted, and you didn’t care for the consequences. Now you have to deal with what you have done.” But Castiel didn’t want to, and as he closed his eyes finally passing out from the pain he dreamt of a different choice, one where he had no choice that if he didn’t turn rogue Chuck would have killed him and he stuck with that choice.
Dean let a long breath. “Thank you.” He whispered and suddenly Castiel was sitting on the bunkers floor and Dean was gone.
The demon chuckled delight shining in his beautiful features. How could something so beautiful, be so evil? The demons hair was a dirty blond glinting in the small amount of moon light admitting from the one tiny window. His sun kissed skin lightly freckled, his lips slightly chapped, his face seemingly chiseled from stone.
Before the demon could say anything Crowley’s crisp accent traveled from the cup. “Phoebus I thought I told you I was not to be interrupted. Harvesting this child's soul takes concentration.” When neither human nor demon responded Crowley prompted again. “Phoebus, are you there?”
She was propped up by pillows an abandoned book resting on her chest moving with every movement as she breathed shallowly. Her eyes were closed as she slept, dark circles like bruises cratered underneath now thin lashes, and her once vibrant red hair dulled into rust. Her omega scent was muddied, sick-smelling, the lilacs rotting with decay. She was dying Castiel realized with impending horror. “
“Yes, Castiel. I am a witch. My son has had many visions of you, and when you walked into our home, I had one of your wolf taking over and killing you. This doesn’t have to happen, there is another way. No more fighting for control, no more burden. You can be whole.” Mary pleaded with him her gaze earnest no panic as his hand was wrapped around her throat.
He slammed the blade into the angel’s chest holding his eyes as they glowed that painful bright blue he once wasn’t able to watch. Castiel’s eyes held all of the forgiveness in the world before they faded out. Dean sat in front of the lifeless body of his old friend for God knows how long his breathing slowly returning to normal. Dean felt empty as if he had some humanity left only for it to be ripped out of him the moment he ended Castiel’s life.
“No, not as easily as yours. True mates mean that your souls are cut from the same cloth. When you mate with your true mate you can sense their thoughts and feelings. Dean’s powers are centered around the mind. He can sense strong emotions, but mostly he can read thoughts and if he so wished, he could truly destroy someone’s mind. We’ve worked very hard together to master his powers, so he’d never hurt someone without meaning too. He’s good at staying out of people’s minds, but he’ll never be able to stay out of yours.”
The next moment, Dean’s body is crashing to the floor, ears ringing when the side of his head smacks against the concrete.  His eyes are lazy and unfocused when he tries to blink them open.  He thinks he hears an echo of Cas yelping, but he can’t be sure.  He cries out in pain when he’s jerked onto his back and his shoulder is smashed into the floor.  Luc is on him now, his weight crushing the air right out of Dean’s lungs.  Dean gasps and squirms but his arms are trapped under unyielding thighs.  His head lolls to the side.  Grey is creeping in, making his thoughts all swishy and out of order.  His eyes fix on the water stain above the bed as he feels a crushing hand close around his neck.
Dean gulps and suddenly those fingers are tugging more urgently.  Dean’s eyes slide open to find Cas’s full face on display now, cheek still tucked up against Jack’s head.
scratch of Cas’s nails scraping his neglected dick--and that’s all she wrote.  His orgasm punches through him, knocking the breath right out of his aching lungs in a groan that throws his head back against the pillow.
,” a thumb strokes along Dean’s chin and it loosens his jaw, slender fingers slip Dean’s glasses up off the bridge of his nose and set them on the bedside table, “You’re not taking anything.  I
He looks at the cheap-ass cover of the notebook again with its generic picture of a frog.  He doesn’t remember writing in this one at all.  The beginning pages are a smattering of dice game scores and halves of grocery lists, things Luc must’ve written in it before he forgot about it in the basement.  Before he’d ever bulldozed into Dean’s life.
Dean writhed and twisted when Castiel slid in a third finger with minimal resistance.  His boy howled and moaned like he couldn’t possibly get enough.  Castiel fisted a rougher hand in his baby’s hair that had Dean crying out and involuntarily throwing his head back, mouth slack and eyes squeezed shut.  It was time for Castiel’s--not so--secret weapon.
“Heh,” Dean’s huff of laughter held a gaspy edge to it, his hands twisting slightly into the blanket at his sides, “L-Love you too, Daddy.”
“Cas!” Jack exclaims, voice bubbling and giggly.  He’s practically vibrating in his skin—not that Dean’s much more put together himself, “Cas! Hi, Cas!”
His thighs squeezed tight and he felt the pulsing of his sex radiate all the way down to his toes.  Dean kept up soft kitten licks until Castiel tipped over into oversensitivity and tapped his baby’s cheek to move away.
“Will I be receiving more than three-word answers out of you tonight?” Cas asks, voice lilting in question as the corners of his pale pink lips draw upward even more.
Castiel kissed his baby’s warm thigh, “Baby, it’s okay if you need to stop,” Dean’s round eyes glanced back up at him as he continued, “I know this isn’t something we’ve done a lot and it can be a frustrating—maybe even scary—feeling.  I’d never be upset with you for using your colors to tell me something’s wrong.  Daddy will still let you come and then give you all the kisses and cuddles and hugs you want even if you want to stop right here and now, okay?  I just want my baby boy to be happy.  So...what’s your color, love?”
“Calm down, love,” they hum, rubbing figure-eights over the backs of Dean’s legs until the shaking turns only to trembling.  Cas placed a nipping kiss on a freckle on his lower back, “Can you relax for me?  It’s been a while since you’ve taken a cock which means you’re going to be extremely tight.  I’ll take good care of you, but I need you to relax so I don’t accidentally hurt you,” Dean nods more solemnly this time, taking purposefully deep breaths and keeping eye contact through each one.  Cas grazes the dry pad of their thumb over his fluttering hole, Dean stutters a moment before falling back into the breathing rhythm he’d established, “Good boy.”
Castiel dragged his eyes away from the hallucination and back to Meg who glanced at the area he was staring and back at him with sad eyes. “You’re seeing him again.” She murmured worry thick in her voice.
Sam swallowed harshly holding back the tears as he left the room. He tried Cas again and to no surprise no answer. “Look Cas, Dean’s not doing so well. The cure is hurting him more than it ever did Crowley. I don’t, I don’t know if I’m killing him. I won’t tell him you’re dead but I wonder if you’re wrong in believing that Dean won’t want to know. I think he will. I honestly wonder if that’d give him a reason to become human. I’m not enough of a reason. Maybe his child will be.”
“Dean the bond it’s… ung it’s healing I feel it… I can’t oh God DEAN,” Castiel screamed as he came long rows of white hitting Dean’s chest. Castiel’s muscles tightened around Dean and hearing his name screamed like that sent him tumbling down over the edge with him.
.” It suggested and Castiel shook his head. “It’s not.” He replied plowing over Gabriel’s question. “I’m on my way. We’ll be there in five days.”
“He wouldn’t stop, Meg. No mattered how many times I put him on his back he wouldn’t stop till I’d beaten him to the point he couldn’t get up. I ordered Gabriel to get him help when Rowena casted another incantation on me. I was so absorbed in her that I left my own son to die in the dirt without a care in the world. I wish I could take it all back, but I can’t. What I can do is explain my side of things, and hope for the best.” The man looked beaten, the circles under his eyes haunting, his lined face miserable, his blue eyes so much like Castiel’s own, pleaded for redemption. Meg could understand him though, not that she’d ever told Castiel that. She knew the power of magic, felt it thrumming through her own veins. She couldn’t count the number of times she’d ensnared someone under a spell to save their hides. How many people had she manipulated like Chuck had been manipulated? She found she didn’t like the answer.
.” Castiel hissed shoving the alpha aside taking control of his body once more. He felt wrong as he kicked his bike into gear and took off after Meg, he always felt like his body wasn’t his own after his wolf took over, and it angered him even more. He was never comfortable in his own skin, and he always felt rage brewing under his skin in boiling waves over it. Wrong, unworthy,
Cas’s hands only slip away once Luc has shoved himself between Dean’s lips.  Dean’s not sure where his friend’s hands go, and his stomach feels weirdly hollow since Cas obviously left as soon as he saw Dean was taking over this part.  It’s weird, and Dean feels guilty for thinking it as soon as the thought pops into his head.
There aren’t any eyes on them, nobody who might swing by unexpectedly.  Jack’s dead asleep in his own bed with two closed doors and a hallway between them.
“Hold on, love,”  Cas shuffled around the corner of the doorway, grabbing a thick throw pillow off the couch before returning to their husband,  Dean’s eyes dark in the warm light coming from the fixture above the sink.  How could someone even be that beautiful?
“Oh,” Cas murmurs, long fingers moving from where they’re lightly resting on solid thighs to just barely skim over Dean’s knee, “long enough.”
Drawing his fingers back out, he slathers on another generous coat of lube.  Pushing the extra lube in, Castiel give her two more teasing slides to be sure that every inch of her is completely slick.  Castiel shoves down his zipper, tugging his jeans and boxers just past his sensitive areas.  The last squirt of lube goes into his hand this time, and Castiel doesn't waste much time coating himself up.  The cool slip-slide of his fist feels like drinking water in a desert.  A groan from deep in his chest bubbles out and Castiel squeezes the plump flesh of Deanna’s thigh.
It’s a fucking good question—that’s why Sammy’s always been the smart one.  He can cut through the crap when he needs to while Dean is nearly drowning in it.  Dean’s words, his whole life—Dean himself...it’s all a load of B.S. so deep and awful it’ll into seep everything it touches.  Has
“Sorry, love,” Cas sighed, forehead falling to Dean’s shoulder.  Cas was careful not to brush the wetness against Dean’s skin--they didn’t want to disgust him, “It looks like my nipples are off-limits for the foreseeable future.  And I’ll have to change this t-shirt before we go back to bed.  It is...
The warm glow of the bedside lamp is the only thing that illuminates the room, casting his baby in buttery light.  The dress sits delicately on her frame, only slightly loose in the bodice but curving the rest of her into an hourglass figure.  His guess had been right before--the dress’s loose sleeve caps lace her upper arms like lights on a Christmas tree, displaying the delectable lines of her collarbones in perfect contrast to the flowy nature of everything else.  Like the sticky sweet cherry on top of the sundae, the silver tiara is gracefully nestled into dark blonde hair, shimmering, and catching the light like Deanna’s pearly grin.  She’s the picture of innocence and purity.
okay?  Nothing is okay!  He spends his days walking around like some half-person with no memories (that he wants), dragging his whole goddamn family down with him like the Titanic...and there’s no future to look forward to.  No ‘better life’ waiting for him if he can just get through this part.  Not anymore at least.
After the thick purple member is secured in place, Cas grabs the lubricant--but a quick thought occurs to them.  Grabbing a condom from the bedside table, they roll it impatiently over the ribbed silicone before slicking the whole contraption in enough KY to drown a person.  Kneeling behind him, Cas positions the tip at Dean’s puffy rim.  One hand keeps him from thrusting back as Cas runs their hands along the miles of warm, responsive skin beneath them.
Castiel guides his baby girl’s arms up to wrap around his neck, his own hands feeling every stitch of dress as he slides them down to rest lightly on her waist.  Instantly, her head tucks in against him, right where she belongs, and Castiel begins to sway their bodies in place to a gentle, silent song.
“Dean is actually right on this, Jack,” Cas interjects from where he sits against one of the chair legs, opposite them in their picnic on the floor, “It’s not ‘Ivan Snow.””
Suddenly, his attention and eyes snapped into focus at the feel of a gentle hand sliding in to cup him.  He shivered, hips twitching as Dean’s thumb started to rub teasing circles against his flesh. The sight of lust-blown pupils with only a thin ring of green and a stubbly, slackened jaw with his own bite marks had Castiel sprinting toward the finish line.  He’d known the second Dean had touched him that this wasn’t going to last long.  How could he possibly not go out of his fucking mind when his Dean was being so good for him and being so sweet with his touches?
“I--” Castielle’s stomach swoops and now she sort of wants to cry for a brand-new reason.  Any traces of anger still bubbling dissolves in an instant when those bright green eyes meet hers.  No matter what, she’ll always get this side of Dean.  Concession Girl or the sunbathers will never see him like this, “Thank you, Dean, you didn’t have to do that.”
as Cas goes for the gold.  Shoving their face down into the crook of his neck, Cas mouths hot and wet over Dean’s sensitive skin.  Sighs and grunts punching out of his chest as that familiar, sparkly feeling makes his legs tingle.
Dean doesn’t think he just nods, a sound way too close to a whimper leaving his lips.  Cas smiles in return, hand slipping down, stalling when he reaches the metal button of Dean’s jeans.  His hands shoot to fumble his button undone and slide the zipper down.  Kissing a small line from Dean’s chin to the shell of his ear, Cas’s touch dips below the elastic of his boxers to wrap a smaller hand around Dean.
Some distant corner of his mind registers that Cas isn’t using his teeth yet since he’s macking well above collar level and Dean can’t go to work with hickies on his neck like some damn teenager.  But the part of his brain that’s currently behind the wheel squirms, whining for more.  More tongue, more teeth,
Dean wakes up with sun beams on his body that warm him up nice and toasty all the way down to his soul.
“Shh,” Dean hums and thanks the universe that at least some of Cas seems to have rubbed off on him.  The soothing part of him at least, “it’s okay, buddy.  You’re okay.  Can you take a deep breath for me?” A slightly less wheezy exhale, “Good, that’s good.  In...out...in...out...there you go, big guy.”
Castiel jerked when suddenly his phantom appeared behind the omega running a gentle hand through the omega’s hair whispering softly, “
Sam snarled at the overwhelming emotion his gaze dropping his thoughts a clear sentence directed at him. “That’s not fair, Dean.”
Castiel pushed against Dean’s chest and immediately the demon pulled away from him, but he kept his arms firmly wrapped around Castiel. “Too much,” Castiel whispered.
“I know now what had been going on, at the time I was under Rowena’s spell, and that’s cost me a great many things including my wife, my sons, and potentially my daughter. That night I did beat Castiel, I’d left him lying on the ground in a submissive position, but I did leave him there. I’ve heard his version of the story and Gabriel can confirm that I did
Cas looked up from between Dean’s thighs. “I want to worship you, Dean,” Cas said with that voice that sounded like Baby driving over gravel. “Will you let me?”
rebuilt Dean from scraps scattered around Hell. He wouldn’t be here if it hadn’t been for Cas. And, sure, the “Lord commanded it” or whatever, but any further care Cas gave to Dean had been the angel’s choice. And where had that gotten him? Where did Dean take him except to break his wings, to compromise his grace, to make him so utterly
“You’re not broken, you just think for yourself,” Dean said, leaning forward with his hands on his thighs, trying to catch his breath. “I’m the one who’s fucked up.”
Dean pulled Cas on top of him, relishing the weight. His ribs were tender from the fight and blood was smeared across their faces, but he chased the ache because it was that same ache—longing—he’d felt for the past four weeks. But now it was made flesh as what he ached for was with him, on him.
Cas babbled above him, trembling sounds and Enochian prayers falling from his lips. He sounded like he was speaking in goddamn tongues. Dean rutted against the bed, wanting Cas in every way possible, but right now, he needed Cas to come in his mouth.
Dean chuckled and rubbed his hand along his neck. “Yeah, not the most epic hunter death. Sammy and me were fighting some vamps in a barn, and… why would someone leave rebar sticking out the side of a column anyway? Fucking shoddy workmanship is what it was.”
Dean thrust his hips, and Cas remembered to move. Dean’s body consumed his, and Cas drove forcefully inside him. He took Dean’s knees and pushed them toward his body, allowing him to go so deeply inside Dean, his hips meeting Dean’s buttocks. Dean gripped his own knees, spread wide, allowing Cas the leverage he needed to pump inside him.
. Dean hadn’t expected this level of confidence. Cas toed off his shoes and socks, then sipped out of his slacks and underwear. Dean absently palmed the front of his jeans. Cas was completely naked.
Dean stepped closer to Cas so their shoulders touched. “No, you wouldn’t,” Dean said in a low voice.
Deirdre squeezes his shoulder. “Promise.” She lets go of him. “Thanks for the drink, Dean. I hope things get easier for you.”
Dean tugged Cas until he stretched out next to him. Dean ran a hand through Cas’s hair, then rested it on the back of his neck. He pulled Cas toward him until their lips met, and they both smiled into the kiss.
“I never said I was!” Cas backed away, lowering his hands. “You heard Chuck, I’m broken. I’m just as broken as you think you are.”
. Dean took his hands away and stumbled, landing on his backside to sit in front of the kneeling angel. Cas looked at him with concern.
After a rest with his mother, Jack left to restore worlds, but Cas still felt Jack’s power streaming through every part of Heaven. The remaining angels were pleased to work near the throne for Cas, managing the celestial city’s minutiae. Even if there were still rifts between them and Castiel, they could all feel the change and new power. They understood that it was because of Jack and that Jack was there because of Castiel. It slowly became more comfortable to work together, not as a garrison, but as a harmonious collective.
Cas and Jack spent ages pouring over the schematics and practicalities of Heaven. Time moved differently here, making it far easier to concentrate than on Earth with its constant urgency of moving around the sun.
It was as if a seed was planted all those years ago when Cas first saw Dean’s soul. The beauty of it had startled him; he’d never thought of humans that way. They were precious and to be protected, but were ultimately just another part of his Father’s creation. Rebuilding Dean Winchester, piece by piece, did something to Cas. For the first time, he felt things that had nothing to do with Heaven or his brethren.
“What could you have done?” Cas’s voice rose, matching Dean’s volume. “Blame yourself? Tell me you didn’t want what I wanted, make sure I was never,
They stared at each other for Dean didn’t know how long. Cas’s face was battered and bloody, a face he’s seen before—a face he’s caused before. He knew he looked the same, he could feel the blood seeping from his ear and nose. Cas’s eyes looked desperate, like when Dean had the mark of Cain, nearly killing Cas.
“Few weeks.” Candy appeared in front of Jack and munched happily on a nougat bar. “I think they’re going to be fine, I really do.”
, especially when it was Cas. Cas touched his lips to Dean’s stomach, to his navel, to his hips. Dean lost his hold on Cas’s hair when he moved to Dean’s legs, massaging his way down both of them.
Charlie studied his face a moment and broke into a grin. “I knew it!” She slapped his arm. “You like him!”
Dean was always in Cas’s thoughts, wondering how he and Sam were doing. It was difficult not to worry, but as Cas adjusted to his new existence, he felt more at peace with leaving Dean behind. He hoped the hunter would have a long life, getting everything he desired. He hoped that he would remember Castiel with affection but not be consumed by loss. His wish, his prayer to the silent universe, was that Dean would move on and find love with someone worthy. That Cas would be a passing memory, a whisper when Dean needed strength, a story to tell his children at bedtime. This was what he wanted more than anything in existence—a good life for Dean Winchester.
Cas pulled back and searched Dean’s eyes. “What happened?” Cas asked in alarm. “Why are you here so soon? You shouldn't be.”
“Yeah, it was this nest of vamps. We actually met them in ‘06, you, me, and Sammy. They were after the colt, and one of the girls who got away back then was waiting in this barn…”
Jack squeezed Cas’s shoulder and let go. “Sam, Dean, and I did, yes. Chuck’s power is inside me, Amara too. I am the Almighty now and plan on doing things differently. I will not be ‘hands-on’ as Chuck was; I do not care to write myself into the stories of others. My interest is in repairing Heaven, giving our humans a soft place to land upon death, and providing genuine homes for the rest of eternity.”
“Dean,” Cas growled. He took Dean’s aching dick in his hand and smeared the pre-cum around with his thumb. Dean squeezed his eyes shut and buried his face in Cas’s chest. Cas’s hand was soft and knew exactly how to touch Dean, and he was ready to come within moments.
Dean smacked Cas’s hand away. “And I suppose that made you feel better. About your decision, about leaving us.”
“What?” Dean said dazedly. They were so much more miraculous up close. Dean held out a hand, and the prism bent a rainbow onto his palm.
Cas smiled wearily. “I had my grace back, but it was… new. Like a fledgling’s. I couldn’t fly, I had to relearn everything. I ended up in Nepal. And Winnipeg. I tried healing animals, I tried to hear my brothers speak, hear prayers, but it was… chaotic. Unstable.”
They were… Dean didn’t know. His brain tried to make words, but all he could do was stare in awe. The feathers were translucent white and delicate. Dean moved forward, but Cas held up a hand to stop him.
“Yay, love!” Charlie yelled. The rest of the bar cheered, and the two of them were pulled into the crowd, not separating the rest of the night.
Dean blinked hard at the ceiling. He’d been trying not to overthink, just let the pain consume him. The pain was his mourning, not dwelling on what kind of relationship they had, that they could have had.
“Welcome to Heaven,” Cas rumbled. He rolled them until he was above Dean, straddling his hips. “I’m with you; what do you have in mind?”
“No.” Jack frowned. “I wanted to give Earth a fighting chance to work on its own, not to have angels and their Maker constantly interfering. As it was in the beginning, when angels only became involved under certain circumstances.”
Sam asked something else and Cas wanted to know how the end went down. Dean stood in the same spot, not really paying attention to their words. Cas was back. Again.
Cas mojo-ed away the mess and pulled Dean’s blanket to cover them both. Cas pulled Dean to his chest, stroking his hair. In the quiet Dean felt like he was sinking into Cas, that his body was no longer his own and he was fine with that.
“The deal was the Empty would take him instead, but it wanted to fuck with Cas first. It told him it would only take Cas once he experienced a pure moment of happiness.”
Jack escorted Cas to the garden in the middle of Heaven. It looked different than he’d seen it last, but no less lush. A lawn of feathery, groomed grass spread before him, surrounded by a thick forest. The canopy of trees, dressed in all manner of emerald leaves, stretched toward a brilliant, unblemished sky. Blossoms sprung from the forest floor, festooning the greenery with splendid color. The flowers were from varying climates and ecosystems harmoniously sharing the sacred soil.
Dean slid down the bed and wrapped his lips around Cas’s dick and they both groaned. Cas was sweet and tangy on Dean’s tongue. Dean pulled off and then took him deeper and deeper. Cas bucked off the bed, pushing against Dean’s throat.
“Is this okay?” he asked. Cas closed his eyes and nodded, pawing at the muscles in Dean’s back, making it very difficult to undress him. Dean pulled Cas’s arms away. “Hang on.”
They walked to a flattened path of earth on the opposite side of the lawn. It was chilly beneath the trees, and Dean thought the sun must’ve finally moved.
They were silent as they traversed each other’s bodies with broad strokes and light touches. With reverent kisses. In a moment of synchronicity, they reached for each other’s cocks and their eyes closed with moans. Dean was hot and heavy in Cas’s hand, and he knew it was over. Cas would never want or need anything but this. He was irrevocably ruined by Dean Winchester, for Dean Winchester.
“No buts. I only wanted my question answered,” Cas said. “You want me, and I want you, and you cannot argue with the reasons I want you because they are mine.”
. The angel he fought with and cared for and depended on for the past twelve years was in his mouth.
“To be with you,” Cas said. “To share our lives. As partners. As... ” Cas’s eyes darted around the trees before landing back on Dean’s. “As lovers.”
Cas chuckled and accepted Jack’s offering. “Thank you, Jack. We’ll have to try more food.” He surveyed the map table. “So, where do we begin?”
“Not long, actually,” Jack said. “About a month, Earth time. It took us a couple weeks to get to Chuck, and since then, I’ve been figuring out what I am.
Cas slid nearly all the way out and back again. Dean wrapped his legs around Cas and pulled him deeper. Cas was beautiful, eyes squeezed shut, a look of pleasant surprise crossing his lips.
anything. There wasn’t time!” Dean took another gulp of coffee and vaguely wished it was Irish. “As soon as he said… he said
“Dean,” Cas placed his hand on Dean’s shoulder, “I know you don’t feel the same, and that’s fine. I told you, I’m happy that you know.”
for me, I’ll try to listen, I really will. I want… I want to be the man you think I am. You’re not gonna be just a memory for me, you know? I’ll make you proud. I swear I will.”
“This is amazing,” Dean whispered, reaching out to touch the trees and bushes and all kinds of plants. He had no idea what they were, just that they were beautiful.
Cas withdrew his fingers and Dean let his thighs fall open. He was transfixed as Cas coated his cock in lube and lined it up against Dean.
He hadn’t left the bunker since. Apparently shit was getting peaceful outside as the hunters left the bunker and tried to reclaim their disintegrated lives. He collapsed at a library table, whisky always attached to his fist, staring. When his eyes were open they didn’t move, when they closed they didn’t sleep. They only saw him, all day. All night. Just blackness eating him, consuming Cas’s smiling face, then nothing. Cas was gone and then there was nothing, only an echo on Dean’s shoulder.
Cas broke into a gummy smile. “Well, it’s the only real home I ever had, and I wanted a place here, so…”
Not much later, Cas found himself sitting at a booth in the back of the bar. The place was full of Dean’s friends and family; watching Dean talk with such joy warmed Cas more than the, what Dean assured him was top shelf, whiskey in his tumbler. Old friends were meeting new. Jo and Ellen were gleefully pouring drinks behind the bar. It was the homecoming Dean deserved.
Sam sighed. “About Cas, about what happened. I think there’s something you’re not telling me—something big.”
“Yeah,” Dean replies. Deirdre sits quietly, clearly waiting for elaboration. “It took me a long time to come to terms with how I felt about him. I didn’t—I hadn’t been...that way...with a man before. Bit of a shock, to say the least.”
He and Sam were still hunting, always hunting, but Dean felt more and more disconnected from that life. He didn’t feel obligated anymore to throw himself into the fray. He was looking forward to retirement, getting a real job, maybe having a life. A house. It was wild.
“I—I don’t know. I don’t know what else to do. Cas… you’re gorgeous. I’ve never seen—never thought of anything so beautiful in my life.”
Jack smiled. “I’ll share it. Heaven has always worked by feeding on the energy of angels. There aren’t a lot of you left, but even if there were, my Heaven shouldn’t have to be fueled by your grace. I have enough to run it myself. Also, you and the other angels all have your full grace back and your wings. I think I can focus my energy on bringing back the worlds Chuck destroyed. They shouldn’t have to suffer because their God got bored of them.”
. It was evident that Dean loved him, telling him over and over that they were brothers. Considering Dean’s relationship with Sam, Cas knew how important familial love was to Dean and how exceptional it was that he felt that way, but Cas could not help but want more. He wanted, physically, to crawl into Dean and be consumed. He wanted to be with Dean for eternity. He wanted to kiss Dean. He longed not just for Dean’s soul, but his body. However, Cas was family, Cas was in a male vessel, and Cas would always be a friend.
A hill rolled up in front of him and he felt something… like he was seeing the Emerald City for the first time (well, not the real one), but it was just a hill. But on the other side…
Approaching from behind, Dean tried to come up with something clever to say. Did it hurt when you fell to Heaven? Come here often? Remember me? It’s Dean, from Earth.
“Found him a couple days after, uh, after you died. Name’s Miracle. Long story.” He studied Cas’s face. His signature head tilt, eye squint, lips-parted look. “You didn’t know any of this?”
Dean nodded, his vision whirling before him. Cas’s breath hit his dick, and Dean grabbed the sheets for dear life. Dear death, whatever.
Charlie jumped out of her seat. “If you hurt my best angel friend, there will be hell to pay, Winchester. Possibly literally, I met Ash, and he likes to talk about string theory—a
Dean said something and nodded toward Cas. Pamela looked over and waved weakly, looking both apologetic and put out at once.
As Dean’s body relaxed, Cas pulled out of him with a satisfied sigh. He fell against Dean, finding himself unmotivated to give Dean any space.
Then sprinted across the room and into Cas like those videos of fathers coming home from war. They gripped each other and swayed. Jack buried his face in Cas’s neck. Cas slowly blinked his eyes and finally looked at Dean.
Cas draped his wings over them both, creating their own pocket of the heavens, and Dean shouted, coming across his chest. He held Cas’s gaze with wide eyes, looking shocked at the force of his climax.
Cas didn’t know how long he’d been cloistered—it could be minutes or years. He dreamt before, as a human, but now felt like he awoke from nothing. There were no dreams, but also no pain, no hunger, no thirst. Even now, surrounded by the black and hollow Empty, Cas did not feel afraid. He felt… content. Being in stasis, unaware of his surroundings, was appealing.
Cas stood by the bar a while, giving the Winchesters some time together. Mary had tears in her eyes, looking worried then happy. John said something that made her stiffen, and Dean look to the floor. John’s face darkened and Mary snapped at him, reaching for Dean’s arm, but he jerked it away.
“For you to say what?” Cas’s eyes flashed with anger and suddenly Dean was sliding across the floor, flung by grace. “What I felt was real and what I said was true.” He stood over Dean. “I didn’t need anything else.”
Dean rested his forehead against Cas’s. “I’m glad you did.” He pushed off Cas’s trench coat and his suit jacket. “I want you.”
Cas gave Jack one last squeeze and then held him at arm’s length, checking him over like a mother hen.
“You did,” Cas replied. “To a point. Make no mistake, John Winchester, Dean is not the strong, selfless man he is today because of you. He is so
Dean stepped into Cas’s space. Dean took Cas’s face in his hands and Cas’s breathing hitched. They stilled, watching each other. Cas didn’t move under Dean’s touch, looking afraid to. Dean smiled, as if either could break this spell.
Dean wasn’t ready to leave yet, but he was getting there, getting more comfortable being alone. Sometimes, at three in the morning, as he tried to sleep, Dean had a weird longing for the days of living in motels. Sleeping in a bed with Sammy on the other side of the room was safe; knowing Sam was there felt safe. Not alone, not lonely. Pathetic as it was, he needed to be close to Sam, at least for now. He felt like he had nothing else.
This creature, this holy being, loved Dean. It was easy to forget just how mighty Castiel was, but these wings…
. Jesus fuck, his angel was whimpering. He applied a bit more pressure, and Cas rolled his hips, his hard-on brushing against Dean’s.
“Cas!” She let go of him and clapped her hands. “It’s so good to see you! How’ve you been? New Heaven is
“We’ll see,” Cas said with an exaggerated eye roll. “I have to hold onto this vessel, at least for a while.”
Once they were settled in Dean’s room, Dean pulled out his laptop and sat against his bed’s headboard; Miracle hopped up next to him with a slow wag of his tail.
Dean never speaks to the bartenders or other customers much; he went out so he wasn’t drinking alone. Drinking alone means he had problems. Drinking in the proximity of other people means he’s fine.
“I wanted him around, all the time.” Dean looked up at Sam. “You were the only thing more important to me than Cas. You. And, trust me, you didn’t always make the cut.” They smiled. “I took it for granted that he’d always be around, you know? I took
Cas slowly unbuttoned Dean’s flannel and pushed it off his shoulders with his jacket. Dean knew Cas had seen him before. Had put him back together, healed him, seen his soul for Christ’s sake, but now there was an impulse to hide.
He grunted and stood, stumbling toward the kitchen. He left the bottle on the floor, figuring he’d be back down there soon enough, cradling the drink in his arms. Coffee and a box of stale donuts greeted him, and he took some of each, gingerly lowering himself into a chair at the table. His body ached in a way that only came with age and heartbreak. Okay, maybe sleeping on the floor didn’t help.
right. I sure as shit wouldn’t be here if it weren’t for you. The earth is safe. We all fuck up; it’s part of being—”
Dean’s eyes darted around the kitchen before finally landing on Sam’s. “Said he realized that ‘happiness’ wasn’t in the having of what he wanted, but in telling me how he felt. It made him so happy, my just knowing, it summoned the Empty.” The tears Dean avoided since Cas was taken pooled in his eyes. “He… he told me he loved me.”
Castiel rapidly blinked, but his eyes didn’t adjust to the dark; there was only blackness. He sat, feeling around, but found only a smooth floor beneath him. The air was cool and quiet.
“Yes,” Cas said, his voice somehow rougher than usual, “I prepared you with my grace, I hope that is alright as we both seem somewhat impatient.”
“I won’t, I promise.” He took Charlie in his arms and kissed the top of her head. “Good to see you, nerd.”
Cas held out a hand, and Dean took it. He walked them to the bed, and they sat next to each other. The tips of Cas’s fingers ran from Dean’s forehead, to his temple, to his cheek, and along his jaw, so Cas’s thumb was caressing Dean’s bottom lip.
“Fuck, Cas.” Dean shuffled onto his knees and grabbed Cas’s face, crushing their lips together. Dean was desperate—his kiss must’ve felt desperate—but he didn’t care. He didn’t know what to say to Cas using his words. He also plain needed the guy to shut up.
Dean got in a punch and blocked another. “I don’t feel sorry for myself. I just know what I am, who I am. I deal with it.”
In an instant, Cas was in front of him, eyes probing his actual soul. Gone was the gentle look from a moment ago, replaced with Cas’s stern smite-y face.
That evening, with the sun slung low in purple clouds, Cas found Dean standing alone outside the Roadhouse.
A cool breeze enveloped Dean, and he could only see wings shining before his eyes. They spun then Cas lowered his wings.
Cas walked toward Dean, his body in silhouette with the expanse of aura glowing around him. Dean felt the wings’ power, and he trembled, suddenly overcome. He was weeping, and his only excuse was Castiel being the most glorious thing he'd ever seen.
being. That Dean did everything for love. That Dean wasn’t selfish, wasn’t a killing machine, didn’t operate out of anger. That
Cas shifted his hips and their dicks slid together. Dean’s fingernails bit into Cas’s shoulders and he chased the feeling with an arch of his back. Their bodies rolled together and Dean found Cas’s mouth, letting it devour his moans.
Cas considered that a moment. “Humans have a phenomenon called ‘the six degrees of Kevin Bacon.’ He’s an actor I learned, but the idea is that everyone on Earth is connected by six degrees, or six people. If we start building, say, with the Winchesters, that would lead to other hunters and their families and ancestors. If we kept going, all the souls would eventually be connected.” He frowned. “I don’t know what it has to do with Kevin Bacon.”
Shit, right. “Sorry,” he muttered, stripping as quickly as possible. He almost wanted to cover himself, Cas’s gaze was so intense, but he forced his hands to remain at his sides.
Dean looks to the woman beside him and feels that it wasn’t the first time she asked that question. She studies his features with a frown, twirling a martini glass in her fingers.
“Fuck!” Dean tightened his grip on the sheets, feeling like he’d float away at any moment. Was it Heaven or the grace that made this feel so mind-blowing? No, it was Cas, just Cas. Cas had his mouth entirely around Dean’s dick with his tongue darting out to lick the top of Dean’s balls. Where had this mouth been all his life?
He thought it was two days since Cas left, though he’s not strictly keeping up with the calendar at the moment. Time felt pretty damn pointless; it was full of waiting. Would they find Chuck? Would they be able to take him on? Was there any chance he’d get Cas back? That stupid son of a bitch. He and Dean hadn’t even talked about how to escape Billie; bastard just decided he’d sacrifice himself to save Dean. Again.
Startled out of his thoughts, Dean jumped when Sam dropped into the chair across from him. Sam stared at him for a while, not speaking. Sam had been watching Dean for days, and it was getting to be way too much.
Dean began unbuttoning Cas’s shirt as Cas struggled to get his hands beneath Dean’s flannel. “Why the fuck do we wear so many layers?” Dean grumbled.
you. You raised us in motel rooms and the damn car. You made me hunt and take care of Sammy since I was a little kid. Not exactly father of the year shit, John.”
“Stranger things have happened,” Dean whispered, nipping Cas’s bottom lip. “Please.” Cas straightened up and teased Dean with the head of his cock. “Cas…”
Dean looked behind him. “You up to something important?” His eyes widened. “Wait, is that the map table?”
Dean sighed and scratched the back of his neck. “That’s fair, I kinda kept the whole dude thing on the low. Uh, I wasn’t exactly brought up thinking that was okay. Real men were with women, end of story.”
Dean tore himself away and, grabbing his glass, walked into the abyss of the dungeon. He stood in the middle of the room, drank, and waited. He waited for Cas, always waiting for him.
They stayed that way for a while, their breaths in sync and fingers drawing lazy circles on each other. Eventually, Dean froze, and, well, Cas had prepared himself for this possibility. He hated thinking it could happen—regrets from Dean—but he couldn’t be entirely sure how Dean would react to love, to sex, and to the fact that he was in Heaven.
“Fuck.” Dean’s breath rustled the feathers. He walked away from Cas and turned around. “I don’t—I’m not—”
? Cas began kissing Dean’s neck, then moved down to his left arm, licking and nipping here and there while he massaged Dean’s palm, releasing tension Dean didn’t even know he was holding. Cas kissed across Dean’s chest and repeated his kisses on Dean’s other arm.
“I couldn’t—wouldn’t—tell you. There was no need for you to know. And what did it matter? I said what I wanted to in the end. What I needed to.” Cas’s breath hit Dean’s face, hot.
Dean pulled his knees to his chest, tucking his head between his knees. “You can’t just say shit like that, man.”
“Please, Cas,” Dean whimpered, biting his way down Cas’s shoulder. “I can’t wait. I’ve waited too long. I need you.”
Cas turned to meet Dean’s sleepy green eyes. “Didn’t know you needed sleep in Heaven,” Dean said. He stretched his arms over his head then flopped onto Cas, flinging an arm over his waist.
Cas smiled to himself. “A bit more than that. As far as what happens next, however, I have no idea. He left rather quickly this morning.”
Several months later, he was helping Sammy out with a case. Vampires, apparently vamps with history. Seemed like milk run status until—
Deirdre places a hand on his shoulder. “It’s okay, I asked. Thank you for telling me your story.” She looks to the bar entrance, and her face transforms into pure sunshine. Dean turns to see a tall Indian woman walk in, scanning the growing crowd.
Dean gave a bitter laugh. “For one, he ran the kid out of the room before he could even get his shirt on. I got, well, let’s just say I got in a lot of trouble. We moved the next day and had to start a new school just when Sam was making friends.”
“You and I haven’t discussed the nature of our relationship. Regardless, tonight is about your arrival, not me.”
“Don’t you dare finish that sentence.” Dean leaned his forehead against Cas’s temple. “I’m no good at this relationship stuff, you know that.”
Dean’s eyes drifted closed. He needed to be filled with Castiel, needed to feel them joined, to know, for that moment, Cas couldn’t leave. Cas was with him and inside him and it was Dean’s entire world.
Miracle whined, and Dean slid from the car to sit on the ground next to the dog. “I’m sorry, buddy,” Dean told him. “I just miss my friend. You guys would’ve loved each other; he was always into animals. He was the best.” He nuzzled his nose in Miracle’s fur. “The best.” His voice cracked.
Dean’s shoulders shook with unchecked laughter. “I’m pretty sure we made up this ‘situation,’ and there’s no right or wrong way to do it.”
Dean’s fists continued to pummel Cas until the angel pushed him away. Cas jabbed Dean in the jaw, taking him by surprise.
“I told them I wouldn’t be around, well, not in this vessel at least. I feel like I’m… everywhere on Earth. It’s like in the corner of my mind I can feel the plants and animals and humans living, going on as if Earth was never in jeopardy.”
, like as far as dudes went or whatever, but he was fucking magnificent. Where did those hipbones come from? His arms and legs were just so toned… and his dick.
Cas turned around. There he was. Castiel, angel of the Lord. God help him, the dude still looked tired. His blue eyes were the same color as the freaking sky, his hair rumpled in that way that always made Dean want to either fix or mess it up more.
to know if Cas tasted like his smelled, and, Jesus fuck, he did. Dean kissed his way up Cas’s throat and felt his Adam’s apple purr beneath his tongue. He tasted so fucking
Dean lost track of time. By the clock on the dash, he’d been driving a couple of hours, but who knew how heavenly time worked. Still, it stayed bright and springtime outside the car, and he never saw another vehicle.
Time passed the way it generally does in Heaven, meaning it technically didn’t though much was accomplished. Cas and Dean settled in a cabin by a lake. Jack came to visit. Cas and Dean managed to sneak Kevin into Heaven. Claire arrived earlier than expected, which made Dean furious. Cas began prison reform for Heaven’s dungeon.
“You do, Dean,” Cas rumbled. “I love you, and that has nothing to do with my being an angel or you being human. It’s about you. You are a righteous man. You kept the entire world safe.”
sorry for taking care of you for the past decade.” They continued to scrabble, following each other around the dungeon. “I saved you. I died for you. I watched you submerge yourself in this… this ridiculous need of yours to feel sorry for yourself—”
thing that would lead him to the center of Heaven. If he’s anywhere, Cas would be there, and all he had to do was keep driving.
“Yeah, but not as often. Got my shit together, was interviewing for straight jobs. Knew a gal who knew a guy who knew Bobby, so I was hoping to get hooked up with this body shop. Started working out. Got a dog.”
Sam snorted, trying to cover up a laugh. Dean glared at him. “I’m sorry,” Sam said, “but it’s just… wasn’t that a storyline on
Dean looked up at the top of the stairs. Trench coat, tie, blue eyes. He hopped from his chair, not wanting to let himself believe…
Cas stretched them high and wide for the full effect of the blaze behind him. Prims. Each individual feather refracted the light and turned the wings to rainbows. The colors shimmered as Cas gave one good flap, and the breeze nearly knocked Dean to the ground.
Dean nuzzled into Cas’s palm. “Hey,” he said and waited until Cas looked at him. “I wouldn’t be here if I wasn’t sure.”
He had no idea why he had woken, and, if someone woke him up, why he was alone. No mirages of himself or Meg were there taunting him. There was no explanation.
you told me didn’t define me? That was the only thing that got me through it, the only thing that made me beat Chuck.” He took a gulp of air. “I was ready to die. I—I fucking
Jack seemed to see his struggle. “I know you, Cas. I’m… I’m who I am because of you. Be at my side, please.”
“You’re more than that. So much more. You are so full of love and strength, I’m honored to be in your presence.”
Dean massaged the wings’ thick muscles, amazed at how they seamlessly connected to Cas’s back. Cas’s mouth was off him now, face buried in Dean’s neck, and he
“Yeah, he’s in the trees and the ladybugs or some shit.” Dean rolled his eyes. “It sounded nice at the time.”
Once he has a seat and glass of whiskey at the bar, a woman takes the stool next to him. She’s a wisp of gorgeousness with dark hair and, of-fucking-course, blue eyes. Dean doesn’t have it in him to even look twice. He hadn’t checked out another woman in months. Or a man.
As his spasms slowed, Dean pulled him down, one hand clutching his hair as they kissed, the other stroking himself as Cas desperately kept rolling inside Dean, needing to feel his orgasm.
He needed to chill out; this was Cas. Of course Cas wanted to see him; he probably just had important Heaven shit to do. Dean steadied his breath—funny how he was bordering on panic in friggin’
Jack shrugged. “I don’t know, but wouldn’t it be nice if everyone could visit together? People they love or people they’ve never even met.”
Cas finished his drink and thought perhaps he should lower his alcohol tolerance for the night. “He said I… Well, I’m very important to him.”
“Love can be that way. Not much we can do about it.” Deirdre stirs her olives. “It can feel like getting hit over the head with it, doesn’t it?”
Dean pulled Cas’s mouth toward his and their lips met. Closed mouth, chaste. Cas’s lips were soft against Dean’s, moving gently.
Cas leaned back in his chair and exhaled. This type of power had distorted Castiel in the past. It’s “above his pay grade,” as Dean might say. That responsibility, that power… what if he can't manage it? What he goes mad?
Dean’s eyes clench shut. Is this what that feels like? Is this how his father felt? It must be; Dean could tear the world apart if he thought there was a chance to get him back. He’d leave Sammy, Jack, Miracle...all of them. Fuck ‘em. But the Empty can’t be disturbed. Cas isn’t out there waiting to be saved. Only Dean. Only Dean is waiting for a salvation that will never come.
Dean blushed as he took Cas’s hand. “First, you’re not technically a man. Second, yeah, ‘course I’ve done this before. I’m an equal opportunity horndog.”
Cas’s warm hands shot beneath Dean’s shirt and gripped at his bare skin. His breath inflamed Dean’s ear, and he had to stop kissing Cas’s pulse point to breathe. Cas took this opportunity to mimic Dean’s movements and latched his mouth to the side of Dean’s neck, and it was as if Cas was trying to consume him like some crazed angelic vampire.
Then their teeth clacked together, and Cas’s tongue was in his mouth. Cas wrapped a hand around Dean’s neck and held him tight. Cas was a sloppy, uncoordinated kisser, and it was the best thing Dean ever felt. The angel licked everywhere in Dean’s mouth, like he was afraid one of them would disappear.
Dean took his hand and stood, eyes still looking down. Cas took his chin in his hand. “Would you like me to put them away?”
Cas leaned down and kissed Dean, forcing his tongue into his mouth until Dean kissed back with a force that nearly tipped him over. Despite being beneath him, Dean fought for dominance until Cas complied, helpless but to let Dean explore his mouth as he gripped Cas’s hair.
As time passed, however, it became clear that Dean would never feel such a way for Cas. It had taken years for Cas to figure out, then accept, that his feelings toward Dean were something more than love. It was romantic love,
“It was all true, every word I said to you.” Cas looked him plainly in the eyes. “I love you. I have for a long time.”
“We are!” Charlie’s laughter relaxed Cas—he hadn’t noticed he’d been holding any tension. “How’s our guy doing?” Cas also hadn’t noticed his eyes never left Dean for long.
“That kind of power… it can be… overwhelming. Even corrupting,” Cas said slowly. “How will you manage?”
They watched a beautiful brunette enter the bar and sidle up to Dean. She leaned over, head on his arm, and whispered something in his ear, at which Dean laughed.
“I’m well. I’m glad you’re enjoying it. When Jack and I set about rebuilding, you were one of the people I had in mind.”
Flowers finally opened inside him with every moment, look, smile, and general world-saving he shared with Dean. His time with Sam was important as well; Cas experienced true friendship in a very human way with the younger brother. They cared for each other while expecting little in return. He loved Sam, but it remained different with Dean. Cas’s Father was gone, but his relationship with Dean lent itself to that feeling of certainty and contentment he hadn’t felt since God was in Heaven. And yet… and yet, Dean wasn’t completely safe. He was volatile and raw, and their friendship always felt on the precipice of something new, be it a loss because their faith in each other wavered, or a gain if Dean might—somehow—feel the same for Cas.
“John,” Castiel said, stepping closer to Dean, “I believe your son has adequately explained what happened. Dean is the greatest hunter I have ever seen, and sometimes accidents happen. The world is an unpredictable place.”
Dean’s hand flew to his cock at the familiar sound of his name. He wanted to last, wanted Cas inside him forever, but there was no way. He jerked himself to the brutal rhythm Cas set. He closed his eyes again, concentrating on nothing but how Cas felt inside him.
They walked in silence for a long while. How do you bring up your best friend’s dying declaration of love?
“I… was risen. I was in the Empty, but it couldn’t sleep. It was so loud… then quiet, completely still. A while later, I was here. Well, not
Dean held Cas’s face in his hands, and Cas’s hands rested on Dean’s waist. “I’m going to kiss you now,” Dean said. Cas nodded, eyes wide.
Dean reared back and swung his arm. Cas grabbed it inches from his face. “You’re angry with me? Fine.” Cas squeezed Dean’s hand. “It changes nothing.”
Dean looked at the calendar in the kitchen. One month. One month since the angels poured out of the empty, one month since he spat in Chuck’s face. Cas thirty-five days gone, the only one kept in darkness.
Cas settled between Dean’s legs, and Dean clumsily shoved a pillow beneath his hips and planted his feet on the mattress, offering himself to Cas.
Cas slowly kissed his way down Dean’s chest and pecked at each nipple. How the fuck did Cas learn how to do that?
Cas spasmed inside Dean, filling him with seed not meant for this. God created his body to protect man, not desecrate one. It was forbidden.
“Fuck yes,” Dean panted. Cas pushed another finger inside and grazed Dean’s prostate. His hips jerked from the touch and the buzz that swarmed his body. “Cas,” he whined.
Cas stepped next to him. “Are you waiting for something?” Music and laughter flowed through the bar’s doors. “Sounds like the party has begun.”
“What if I did want something?” Dean yelled. “Did you even fucking think of that, you stupid son of a bitch?” Dean strode across the room and into Cas’s space, face inches away. “Were you ever planning to say anything?”
“I want to watch you.” Cas’s breath warmed Dean’s ear. “I reformed you with my hands. I breathed air into your lungs. I’ve seen the colors of your soul. I want to watch you climax.”
John’s eyes turned murderous. “How dare you talk to me that way? You know nothing about me or my family.”
“Cas,” he said, and, shit, his voice sounded rough. “Cas, I know you can’t hear me. I know you’re… you’re asleep. I hope it’s, I don’t know, tranquil or some shit. Look, I just need you to know that—that, well, I miss you. We all do. But, uh, I don’t know what would’ve happened if we talked about what you said, about how you felt, but I wish things were different, that I wasn’t so fucked up you didn’t think you could talk to me about it.”
“I’ve fed you, I’ve changed your diaper, and I’ve given you toys. What do you want?” Dean hissed his son just sniffled and cried some more.
“Weak, when do we take her?” Castiel rumbled lowly settling into one of the comfy chairs his posture stiff and uncomfortable. He knew this house with startling clarity, but it felt like a shoe that no longer fit. Tight and unforgiving like it never belonged to him in the first place.
Castiel met Dean’s eyes in surprise at the mention of his friends name. “I found a spell to track an angel and how to recognize their wardings. I’ve been tracking her because I knew no other angel would help you.”
Castiel snarled, “I learned it from you! Just like I learned how to be human from you! I learned to love and feel emotions when it shouldn’t have been possible! You Dean Winchester, the once savior of my existence, is now the bane of it.”
“Okay.” Was all Castiel could whisper pulling himself from the omega’s grasp and wiping the tears from his face and running a shaky hand through his hair. The room was deathly quiet the only sounds were their heartbeats and erratic breathing.
“You’re home.” A voice spoke low and full of surprise, and Castiel quickly stood to his feet and whirled on the alpha behind him snarling. Chuck tilted his head slightly a small sign of submission but not complete surrender. “Come now, Castiel. I don’t want to fight. I’m done with the fighting.” Chuck stared at him with sad blue eyes, lines covering his face, thick stubble left unattended to grow on once smooth skin, and his curly hair a mess on his head. His shoulders seemed to slump in on themselves.
“I told you I would,” Castiel growled low; his eyes narrowed at the golden gaze that stared at him dully for a moment.
Castiel watched in the mirror as Dean ripped the lube package open with his teeth, Dean’s eyes ranking down Castiel’s back side. Castiel shuddered as the cold slick of lube teasingly circled his hole.
Dean frowned, his green gaze analyzing him. “Bela said that once they received your signal they closed in quickly. You were on the forest floor, and Lilith was just standing there, waiting for everyone. She came with the witches willingly. You were unconscious.”
Gabriel peeked through his hands giving him a ‘duh’ look. “He won’t tell them where you are Cas. He woke up from the spell we knew Rowena put on him. He cast her out. He wants to try and make amends with all of us.” Castiel rolled his eyes shaking his head.
“How long has it last been since you’ve last consummated Father?” Castiel swallowed hard he’d never had sex before in his life, being raised from childhood to become a Priest.
Dean’s hands cupped Castiel’s face, kissing him gently at first, then deepening the kiss when Castiel began to respond. He kissed back much dirtier than Dean had expected. Dean wrapped his arm around the younger male’s waist, pulling him tightly against him while his other hand wrapped into Castiel’s dark hair.
“I’m telling you that it’s not hard to see that he’s the heir of this clan and on top of that her son. Everyone especially Mary are going to be protective of him and you can’t just call him the omega like he’s some bitch to be breed. He’s going to be pack leader one day and you know better than anyone what pack members will do for their leader or the heir.” Gabriel was the heir of their own pack, and the one time Meg tried to pick on Gabriel it’d ended with Chuck putting her on her back and his clawed hand to her throat growling the rest of the pack looking murderous.
Sam waited for Dean’s little speech to end countering with. “Guys like me still got to do what we can.”
Castiel hung his head a war of emotions that were battling inside of him. Part of him wanted to accept Dean back into his life trusting him in all things like he always had, but another part of him was screaming violently that he was the very thing he saved him from all those years ago, a monster, a demon.
Dean didn’t look up but continued reading. He wouldn’t tell Crowley. This was his game, his chase, and he was going to find Castiel by himself. “What, you’re not telling me things now? I must say I’m almost offended.”
In Dean’s defense, Michael’s pose was truly awful, but he really didn’t have to announce it to the whole class. After running his hands over almost every inch of Michael’s body in order to correct his pose, Michael was officially supporting a boner, and Dean had a shit eating grin on his face. Dean leaned down next to Michael’s head speaking loud enough for Castiel to hear, but not loud enough for the entire class to hear his words.
Sam ran a hand through his hair, “He told me, ‘It’s okay Sam I forgive you,’ like I knew him before. His name is Gabriel and I don’t remember him Dean. When he said that I just froze I couldn’t follow through. I have him chained in our dungeon, but I’ve been spending the past two day’s trying to figure out where I know him or how he knows me.”
“What?” Meg asked her brow furrowed in confusion and Castiel ran another uneasy hand through his hair looking at her with unease a heavy weight settling in his stomach.
The demon came back holding a jar full of Holy Oil. Castiel looked at him in confusion. “What are you using that for?”
I really need to get better at updating more often... This chapter was done except for the last page and I've been sitting on it for months... sorry guys. I always love to hear from you in the comments below. P.S Brief mention of rape after the grave accent's marking the last change of point of view in the story for anyone who might have triggers! It is right after the sentence, 'The door to her cell opened light pooling into the once dark room.'
.” He purred and Castiel felt himself pushed aside in his mind and watched as an outsider looking into his own body as his wolf moved with deadly proficiency slashing jugglers, ripping out hearts, using his teeth to rip out another alpha’s throat blood drenching him. He was numb to the sight by now. The ones he didn’t kill ran, the rest were left lifeless on the floor. Meg burst through the doors and swore violently grabbing Castiel’s shoulders shaking him violently.
“Sure you can. You just stop.” Dean yelled. “There’s no point in trying to bring your brother back now.”
“If you stay here Cas. I’m going to go away for a while. I’ll always be a phone call away, but I’ll need some time… Time to think and really evaluate what’s good for me. I’ve taken care of you all this time… and I need some time to take care of me.” Castiel stared at his friends back in shock his stomach dropping out from under him. He couldn’t ask her to stay. He couldn’t be that selfish. If he stayed, he was almost guaranteeing he’d try to be with Dean, and he couldn’t even begin to understand where to start with the omega. If he left, he’d probably spend a year in some ward learning how to deal with being what he was. Either way, Meg wouldn’t be with him. She deserved time to find herself without him, to see what that meant. Maybe she’d find her mate out there while he himself found himself.
“Are you defending him?” She hissed and Castiel grabbed Meg’s arm tightly and swung the beta to face him her expression tight with anger.
Castiel grinned in triumph. “Don’t even think about trying smoke out I know how to keep you permanently in the body. Dean, why don’t you go get said cup.” Castiel finally met Dean’s black gaze which if Castiel hadn’t been looking for it, he wouldn’t have noticed the slightly impressed look Dean was giving him.
Dean turned to Castiel looking him over his eyes filling with guilt and anger. “Goddamnit.” He hissed running a hand through his hair then he looked back at Castiel with bright green eyes filled with helplessness. “I’m sorry, I just, I knew she wouldn’t leave, and she’s… she’s done enough.” He muttered walking over to where Castiel collapsed and sat a crossed from him. Castiel felt numb, his limbs heavy, and a cold sweat broke out over his skin. And as he gazed into those beautiful green eyes his stomach rolled in disgust. How could someone so beautiful be so monstrous? Dean sucked in a sharp breath his eyes falling away from his own to his hands clenching into fists.
“Name it,” Lilith said excitedly. She could picture Castiel in her mind now tall, handsome, strong, till he breaks, and he breaks so beautifully. She wanted to play with him forever. She would break him over and over only to build him back up and rip him apart. She needed this more than her own life. She needed to see him break again.
Meg stared blankly at Chuck before glancing at Gabriel who sighed and nodded in acknowledgment. “He looked so angry laying there like the wheels were turning in his head for what to do. Chuck had his back turned and you could see something click on his face like he’d been made an offer and snatched it up. His eyes turned red and he lunged at Chuck. Took a good chunk out of his shoulder and scratched the shit out of his back, but even with his wolf’s power it wasn’t enough.” Gabriel spoke his voice low with regret, but his eyes held true.
, and could you use the purple one with the ribbing?” Dean groaned, dropping his head to Cas’s shoulder.
His eyes fall back to the floor because once a coward always a coward—then he spies one of the notebooks just peeking past the nightstand where he’d been having his little freak-out.
CD in the player and Wet Wipe pack on the console.  Dean had thought about driving them in Baby, but the cool of the night and the slight unease of walking in the dark is only amping up the experience.
“Hey! What’s that?” the kid’s little hands dig past a few items in the box.  By one fluffy leg, Jack pulls out a teddy bear the color of milk chocolate.  It’s wearing a little red t-shirt with overalls and when Jack squeezes its belly a tinny ‘I love you’ booms in the attic’s small space.  Jack’s gap-toothed grin grows to new levels that Dean’s never seen.  Beaming grey eyes turn up to Dean, “It’s a Marvelous Marvin, I had one of these!”
thing. Oh, that little zig-zagging thing would surely give Cas a heart attack someday.  Cas thrusted harder against his huband’s bumpy, squirming tongue and plump, dripping lips. Dean’s hands were gripped around his spouse’s thighs, fingers playing with the hem of the boxers.
In fact, Jack is already making himself more at home than Dean.  The kid walks thoughtfully around the room’s perimeter, fingers skimming over a shelf lined in a bunch of Goosebumps and the Harry Potter series and other random books with the Goodwill stickers still on the spines.  Step by step his big eyes absorb the room, and that’s not a half bad idea since trying to take it all in at once is making Dean’s head spin a little.  So, his own gaze follows Jack’s path, flitting over the colored pencil pictures taped to the walls and the smattering of off-brand Lego boxes stacked neatly in one corner, past the sweatshirts hanging on the dresser knobs and finally to the little twin bed sporting Batman sheets as promised.  A little smile tugs at Dean’s lips.
Dean sat back with a content sigh, pink tongue darting out to lick his lips.  Castiel gave a breathy chuckle when the hasty sweep of Dean’s tongue did almost nothing to clean all the slick from his chin.
“I’m good, Cas--really good actually,” he squeezes gently where his hand has slid to Cas’s waist in his movements, giving the boy his most genuine smile, “Yeah, I’d kiss them--but I’d kiss them different than I kiss Luc.  I wouldn’t be in such a hurry to pull away.  I think I’d just press our lips together and just kinda rest there, y’know?  Maybe rock our heads together, put my tongue in
The tip of his tongue skims Cas’s lower lip, and his lithe body shivers.  Dean’s thumb rubs a circle over the boy’s knuckles, his hand stroking in tandem along Cas’s spine. His friend presses their chests even closer.  Dean dips his tongue gently past the other’s teeth, smoothing over every silky surface, pulling back and smooching in earnest to give Cas breathing room before sliding back in.  Their mouths rock together just as Dean had imagined, Cas’s hand sliding up to pet over his cheek.
He shuffled backwards, rubbing a soothing hand over Dean’s chest to assure his good baby that Daddy was right there and not leaving.  Once his hand could only reach the tiny pudge of Dean’s belly, Castiel lowered himself down onto his belly in the ‘V’ of Dean’s legs.  Dean whimpered above him, propping up onto his elbows to follow his Daddy’s movements.  Dark, dilated eyes watched Castiel in the same way he’d seen Dean eye a piece of rich chocolate cake slathered in hot fudge—but instead of eating the cake he just looked like he wanted to fuck it.
And, okay, maybe he’d more told the cop where they were going than asked if they could go see Cas, but Dean can’t honestly say he regrets it.
For what could be seconds or hours, he breathes deeply as the light touch plays with him, teases him and—yeah, okay, maybe this isn’t so bad.  Things get about a million times better, though, when soft lips start to dot (fucking
“I gotcha,” Dean smooths a hand over Jack's bony, T-shirted back and lets the kid sniffle into the crook of his neck, “It’s alright, buddy.  I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to leave you alone like that, okay?  I was just surprised is all.”
“Jesus, Dee.  A.) I have no clue what you’re talking about.  Mom really called you a ‘kid-toucher?’” Dean’s cheeks burn but Sam rolls on, “and b.) I was just wondering how he was doing.  You’re, like, the only one he talks to and you know him best so... I was just askin’.  Okay?”  Sam sighs, and those shoulders shift into something pensive and brooding and less scared-animal, “Look, saying I missed you is-is the understatement of the
Oh, that’s right.  He found Cas in the bathtub last night.  This is the third time in almost two months.  Dean prays again to whatever God has his ears on that Luc will trip coming down the stairs one of these days and smash his skull into a thousand pieces.  On second thought, Dean imagines that maybe
? “He’s just a kid?  He’s not broken?  He’s still worth saving?” Cas’s eyes flash up to Dean and, despite the thickness in his throat, Dean barks, “Take your fucking pick, Cas.  Just tell me why you love him so much more so I at least know where we stand.”
With a shuddering breath, Dean drags his heavy bones up off the floor and slithers into their bed like the snake that he is.  Cas is tucking up against him immediately, burying his face in Dean’s chest like the other boy somehow still feels safe around him.
“Come along, love,” Cas says, giving one last squeeze to his thick thigh, “I think it’s time for my boy to get some extra special attention.  Don’t you?”
“Of course, baby,” He pulled the magenta panties back up over Dean’s spit-slick cock, running a finger over the wet spot and making his baby shudder beneath him.  Castiel gave a parting kiss to the boy’s tummy before leaning over to grab a decorative pillow from off the bed.  Dean had called the pillows ‘frou-frou’ when they bought them while Castiel had called them ‘elegant’.
Another heaping glob is spread over Jack’s slices as Dean hums notes in the back of his throat.  He’d be able to name the song, artist, album, and release date if he thought about it.  But his mind is peacefully quiet and un-muddied this morning.
He grunts when Castiel’s laugh seems to ruffle him up so Castiel cards a hand through his hair in way of an apology.
Jack scrunches his nose, yawning and trying to squirm back to unconsciousness—pretty much just a mini version of what Sammy is also doing beside him.  Dean chuckles and reaches out to lift Jack—
Cas’s motions pause, turning the full power of his quiet smile and fluffy hair onto Dean, “Hello, Dean.”
Time means next to nothing as Cas’s rhythm grows erratic, but the fact that he’s still able to hit just right on every shuddering thrust has Dean’s white-out-mushy brain believing maybe there really is a god.  Maybe that god happened to read that prostate massage article and is deciding to give them a win today.  Dean kinda likes that thought.
“No, when he was...he kept calling me a ‘virgin boy’ a-and…” Dean pulls them an inch closer and Cas’s breathing starts to slow back down, “He said now I’m not a virgin anymore.  He said I th-that I was dirty and full of...
Then he sees the second thing that steals the breath right of his lungs that day.  This time, it’s not so great.
Wide blue pools stare up at Sammy, his mouth opens and closes without any words escaping.  Once, twice.  On the third try, Cas finally says, “H-Hello, Sammy.”
Then Cas is shoved in last, sandwiching Jack between the older boys.  Dean’s heart sinks a little and he’s not even sure why.  It’s not like he even had a plan...but his stomach turns being this far away from Cas and not able to reach out.
Elusiveness would only serve to rile Dean up more, so, with a smirk playing at his lips, Castiel kissed Dean’s cheek and remained silent.
The blonde woman clears her throat again, hand anxiously soothing over the grey suit jacket she’s wearing.
Slowly, Dean eases onto his other side so his back is to the kid and all his business is as far away as possible.  He squeezes his eyes shut, but it all still aches in that so-good-not-enough way that hasn’t happened in forever.  He squirms.
“Shhh,” Cas hums against Dean’s ear.  His hands rub little circles that have Dean’s knees feeling a little wobbly, “I know, my friend.  I know, but it’s not your fault.  None of it is,” Dean knows he’s damn well bawling now and he doesn’t have any right to but he doesn’t think he could make his body listen to him even if he wanted to pull away, “I love you, too, Dean.  Nothing has changed that.”
Castiel let out a shuddering breath biting his lip Mary gave him a sympathetic smile. “You have a lot to think about, Castiel. Go see your sister.” This time he left her to stare up at the moon while he trudged off towards his sister his body heavy with swirling emotions and thoughts that he couldn’t make sense of.
With that he walked away, and out the front doors of the cathedral with his bag in hand. Castiel attended his nightly duties of maintaining the cathedral. Some of his less known duties were blessing water, taking stock of all their weapons, making sure they had enough rock salt, and making more devils trap bullets.
Hannah nodded picking up the infant carefully and placing him into Castiel’s arms. The babies wales quieted almost instantly as it yawned and look up at Castiel with it’s bright blue eyes. “Hello, Gabriel.” Castiel rumbled.
Sam let out a long sigh. “He’s not dead, Cas. The mark of Cain it turned him into a demon just like it did to Cain. He’s alive, Cas.”
“I’m not lying, Meg.” He rumbled and the beta snorted looking at him in disbelief her hands on her hips.
Chuck stared at Castiel hard as if trying to decide what they should do next. “Are you sure this is what you want?”
“What the hell happened, Cas? You were fine. I know the full moon is a week away, but you were doing just fine!” She shouted her anger and frustration clear and Castiel understood, he really did, he didn’t know why she stuck around, but he was grateful she did despite everything he’s done. Birds shuttered flying away from them, wood nymphs sticking their heads out from the trees their yellow eyes watching their argument unfold in front of them.
Dean chuckled and smiled mockingly copying Sam. “‘The Lore’. Hunters… Men of Letters. What a load of crap it all is.”
Castiel was confused by this man’s questioning. “I do believe demons exist, but God did not create demons. Lucifer did.”
“I always see him, Meg, always, and I was fine but… I lost control.” He admitted weakly looking down at his bare feet the cold ground making them go numb just as numb as the rest of him already felt
Castiel sighed sitting down on his couch. “Why are you here, Hannah? I’m sure it wasn’t to have this same old conversation with me.”
“Somthin’ ain’t right about you.” The alpha sneered his breath foul reeking of alcohol and stale tobacco.
Dean’s eyes flashed up to Castiel’s in the mirror surrounding the room, his eyes filled with lust and a challenge. Just as quickly as it was there, it was gone, the shit eating grin and the cocky bravado back. Dean turned towards Sam.
“That’s it, Father let me take care of you. Give you everything you have been denying all these years.”
Castiel woke to a gentle shake of his shoulder his eyes flicking open to stare into two brown orbs, dark circles underneath catering underneath them. She didn’t get any sleep. Castiel sat up slowly the sheet of the bed bunching around his waist cold air hitting his chest. He stared up at her waiting for anything, an expression, words, a movement. Instead, Meg stared blankly at him her chestnut curls a mess from her hands running through them more than once a clear sign that she’d been stressing over something. She was dressed in a grey tank top, tight black jeans that had holes from being worn too many that had thinned out from too many washes, and her leather jacket one of the few things she’d kept when they’d left that night.
True to his word before, there was nowhere Castiel, looked that did he not see Dean plowing into him from behind. Castiel watched in fascination, observing that if he angled his head right, he could see the way Dean’s leg muscles were pulled tight and how his back muscles rippled with every movement.
“He will try to be whatever you need him to be, but he’s already perfect the way he is. He’s dark enough to look into the depths of our soul and be unafraid, but light enough to find hope when we have none. He’s… perfect.” The wolf murmured softly looking away from Castiel and back to where Dean had disappeared into the forest.
Dean pursed his lips in amusement. “Well, the ex-angel has some bite left. I’d thought it’d all disappeared.” Castiel continued to glare at Dean the demon huffing in annoyance. “Fine. I know where several of Crowley’s hideouts are. Instead of checking each and every one of them I figured I would go after one of Crowley’s right-hand men and find out which one he’s currently inhabiting. Does that sound good to you angel face?”
Suddenly the demons heat was gone and Castiel wanted to cry out from the loss of it. The demons chuckles echoed off the walls, “Don’t worry, Castiel I haven’t left you.”
By that time Castiel was withering on the bed begging for Dean’s cock. Dean placed a finger on Cas’s mouth, “Shh baby don’t worry I’ll take care of you. I’m not going anywhere.”
Sam shifted looking at Dean exasperatedly. “Oh you’ve got nothing?” Dean asked his tone dripping with sarcasm.
“Promise, Annie.” He stood fully looking at John and nodding. The alpha led him back out to the foyer and Chuck stayed behind to hold Anna’s hand. Castiel stared brokenly at the ground a blond woman stopping them.
He jogged down the stairs the beta hot on his heels snarling and he saw in her mind as she went to push him down the rest of the stairs in her anger and stepped to the side catching the back of her shirt as she began to fall and pulled her ear close to his mouth. “I’m not the one who has ripped her friend's safety net out from under him and left him to the horrors of his own mind. Think about that while you scream about how horrible I am.” Dean hissed yanking her back onto the stairs her ass hitting the steps with a solid thud and jogged the rest of the way down the stairs satisfied as he felt the guilt echoing in her mind.
Castiel shook his head hard as he listened to the message. He even called Sam back but the human didn’t answer. Castiel sank to his knees caressing his stomach. Dean would think his child was an abomination just like everyone else. The greatest sin in eternity. He should never know.
Castiel wasn't fooled by the cocky grin, he could see the fear in Dean's eyes. Castiel smiled lazily up at Dean. "I think I could stick around for... awhile longer. After all, I just had the best sex of my life."
“Your son… can he read everyone’s mind as easily as he can read mine?” His voice wavered in the panic settling in again. Rowena had played games with his mind, and so had Lilith and the mere thought of someone else rummaging around in his mind was… terrifying.
Castiel flinched away from the hand the reached up towards his nose snapping out, “I won’t bleed out from my nose.”
Castiel opened his eyes and leaned forward kissing Dean chastely their lips barely even touching. Dean sucked in a sharp breath his eyes opened wide in surprise. Castiel pulled back his gaze focused on those eyes that he loved dearly. “I’ll try, but please, Dean, if this is all just game stop now because I can’t handle you betraying me again.”
Dean huffed. “I’d rather you came. At least I know I could trust you not to get man handle around like a rag doll. I’m sorry Cas, but you haven’t exactly proven yourself worthy. Without your powers, it’s like you freeze up.”
Sam turned and smiled sarcastically hiding the weight of hurt from hearing those words. “This isn’t my brother talking.”
Dean hesitated for a moment. “At this point, Cas, I would almost say you’re an obsession. You’re like an infection plaguing my thoughts from the moment I wake, to the moment I sleep. I don’t want to fight this craving for you anymore, be with me just this once, Cas, and if you don’t like it or don’t want to take the risk I’ll leave you alone. All I’m asking is for just this once, then you decide.”
Gabriel giggled again looking up at him with bright green eyes. His son looked and acted so much like Dean that it made Castiel’s heart ache every time he looked at him. His son was a blessing and a curse, but he’d never wish things differently. Castiel bathed his son, and dressed him for bed putting him down by reading him to sleep. Castiel put the book down and leaned over the crib side kissing his son's head gently. “I love you.” Castiel whispered then creeped out of his son’s nursery quietly grabbing the monitor on his way out.
“So, Dean, are you going to be monopolizing my brother’s attention for long? ‘Cause I gotta leave for work here soon.” Gabriel said, turning his glance towards Dean.
Thank you all for sticking with me through this story. I know the updates have been sparse, but I will finish this story, and I am so glad to have you all with me. Thank you.
“You shouldn’t have been able to get in. How did you even find me?” Castiel hissed his hand inching under his pillow for the demon knife he had hidden under there a gift from, Hannah. He was trying not to let the panic show in his face as he stared back at Dean.
“I’ve met her, she was branded and everything, but she has pack bonds. She’s not a rogue anymore.” Gabriel insisted, and Meg held up a hand when Chuck tried to speak.
Sam glanced over at Castiel for the hundredth time. His friend looked the same, but not at the same time. He looked a bit older, but that was about it. Sam almost didn’t believe Castiel that he’d birthed a child, but he’d seen all the baby pictures in Castiel’s home of a child that looked just like, Dean.
Castiel nodded once his gaze flickering over to his wolf the figment of his imagination slitting his own throat with a knife blood pouring from the wound. “I’m going to kill us, Castiel. We’re not going to a hospital. We’re gonna die.” Castiel didn’t respond because he knew that was the point. He was going to die either by his own hand or the wolfs. That was his goal. He was tired of the fight, no longer wanted to be talked down from a ledge, no longer wanted to hurt innocent people who didn’t deserve his wrath. He wanted Meg to have a life without always being on the run or wondering if her one pack mate was going to make it day to day. He knew she’d be hurting by his death, knew that all the people who still cared would mourn, but he knew deep down that they’d be better off without waiting on his next episode, better off without worrying if he’d make it another day. He needed this to be over.
Castiel searched those green eyes of his teacher for a reason behind the question, only to find mild curiosity in them. “No, I suppose I don’t mind your attention.”
“Oh, he is, I’ve seen him. He’s got the body of a God.” Castiel froze at the sound of his brother’s voice from behind him. Castiel turned to look at his brother, who was not surprisingly, sucking on a lollipop.
