And he pouted, just the tiniest bit.
well, they were on a first name basis and he could see them coming a mile away.
Tony texts him an address in the middle of the night, and Steve isn't sleeping anyway so he gets on his bike and rides.  He makes it to the small town in New Hampshire just as the sun comes up and parks in the driveway of the sprawling farmhouse, behind an old camper van that looks like it hasn't moved in decades.  He sits on the front porch and waits, and only two cars go by in the three hours before Iron Man slips out of stealth mode and sets down in the pasture next to the barn.
“Some of our friendly debates ended pretty poorly,” Steve pointed out.
It’s pandemonium.  The men in the room are ready to kill for their bosses but if it’s all the same they’d rather not die for them, and they’ve never seen anything like a man made of metal who can light fires with his hands, a man who bullets bounce off as they empty their chambers in his direction.  Even Steve has to admit it’s startling, and he’s seen the clockwork man before and guessed its use; to someone with fresh eyes, it must look like a monster straight out of a nightmare, all shining tin and flashing fire and dark, soulless eyes.
“Humble as always,” Steve muttered.
Steve shut the fridge door firmly.  “Okay, so that’s how we’re gonna do this.”
"Little of this, little of that," Stark dismisses.
,” Tony interrupted, “we could find something harmless to talk about until it wears off.  Like sports!  Sports is an impersonal topic.”
“Oh, yeah, usually when people in our line of work disappear without a word, all of their friends assume they went on a fun solo vacay,” Tony says.
Natasha snorts.  “It’s seen better days.”
“And that’s it?  He didn’t say anything else?”
a problem that could be solved with alcohol.
“Give him a break,” Steve says.  “Before he was Spiderman he was just a regular kid.  Kind of a nerdy one, in fact.  That kind of upgrade… it takes some getting used to.”
“It’s gonna be a long night,” Tony said.  “Is anybody hungry?”
Steve puts them all on a grouptext, which Tony finds hilarious, and before long they start having team meetings.  They just eat pizza and talk, mostly, find their footing with each other again, figure out how to work together after everything that’s happened and everything that hasn’t.  T’Challa holos in from Wakanda, and somebody sets up their phone with Scott on FaceTime, and Nebula and Rocket and Thor check in from space sometimes, and every once in a while Carol drops by, all blonde and alien and larger than life, and drinks them all under the table.  Tony knows that Steve only has meetings because Natasha used to, that he probably wouldn’t be doing it at all if Natasha was still alive, but nobody calls him on it, and Tony thinks that she would probably like it that way.
,” Steve gasped, and he came, his hips stuttering as he fell over the edge with Tony’s voice in his ear.
“Seriously, someone’s going to have to roll me back to my room,” Clint said.  He pushed himself up from the table gingerly and headed for the hallway.  “Cap, if I explode the night before the biggest mission of our lives, I’m blaming you.”
“That part was a little real,” Tony admits.  “But the elemental’s not.  It’s Quentin Beck, he’s got an army of invisible drones and this whole thing was a set up.  But the drones have to be coming from somewhere, they’ll need a power core and an internal network and it can’t be too far away.”
“I’m not going to toss them,” Bruce said.
“That’s gonna be tough, considering I’m never careful,” Stark says.  “But I appreciate you looking out.  Happy’ll take you home, if you want.”
"In New Hampshire?  Not usually."
“I wasn’t going to,” Steve said.  He could feel Tony’s eyes boring into him, and he shifted uncomfortably under his gaze.
And then dropped to his knees.
“Oh, sweet, breadsticks!” Clint said, snagging one and eating half of it before he even sat down.
“It’s good for morale,” Steve says, grabbing a cookie and settling into his seat.  “Did you have an item for the agenda?”
"I'd offer a blow job to make it up to you, but I feel like that ship has kind of sailed."
“Are they still popular, then, in - no, don’t tell me,” Peggy said quickly.
“Steve,” Tony interrupted.  “Do you think if I kissed you, you could stop talking?”
A lot of people think Tony Stark can’t possibly want for anything.  The rich boy, the genius, the guy who has fourteen cars and knows the President’s cell phone number and can
So, of course, that means it’s only the work of a few seconds for absolutely everything to go wrong.
It’s effective, apparently.  Employment has soared in the eighteen months since the Blip, even while Stark Industries shares have sunk.  He wasn’t joking when he told Steve he’s not a billionaire anymore: between the re-start-up costs of his entire consumer products business and the ongoing funding demands on the Maria Stark Foundation, Tony’s coffers are starting to get low.  Not that he cares, and anyway, he can always go back to selling weapons if he has to.
, there’s nothing he knows about
“And there’s a charger on the side of the bed you sleep on - ”
Bruce is trying everything to get the Hulk back.
“Fuck all of you,” Clint said.  “I’ve been up since 6 cooking this turkey and god help me, you assholes are going to eat it.”
Rogers looks horrified.  “Ma’am, we can’t allow you to - ”
Steve tilts his head like he’s considering it carefully.  “On the one hand I do, but on the other hand I
Steve raised his eyebrows.
“Possibly,” Thor said.  “But if I call Heimdall looking like this when he knows me as a grown warrior, I’ll never hear the end of it.  I’m sure it’ll wear off soon enough.”
Steve shrugged modestly, as if throwing a two-ton car was no big thang.  “Still.  It’s pretty windy out there.  And the balloons are much bigger than they were before, so - anyway, I just came to see what you were up to.  Upstairs is, uh.  Crowded.”
“And you’re a good little government flunky who doesn’t hang around with war profiteers,” Tony says.
of data points, and a lot of experience analyzing that data, to generally very positive effect.  And Tony was an engineer.  He believed in data.
it about?” Tony said, leaning forward.  “Seriously, Cap, what is it about being honest that makes you so uncomfortable?”
"Consider us even," Romanov says.
"I'll make sure they don't know you were the one who - "
“Thank you,” Tony says.  “So you asked about it, and it’s - it wasn’t at first, but it’s sort of a thing.  Or it
And that’s when Steve shuts the door behind Sam, crosses the room, hauls Tony up by his t-shirt and kisses him.
“Well, you’re continuing it,” Tony said, splashing him back and then dunking under the water to avoid the counter-attack.  The pool was lit from below and the view under the water was, not to put too fine a point on it, very worth the cost of admission of over-chlorinated eyeballs.
“Uh, yeah, but that sort of takes the heat out of it,” Tony says.  “How do you know?”
“I’ll let you take one for a spin, if you want,” Stark says.  “Look, there’s always going to be somebody in charge, and frankly I don’t give a shit which politician is which, but the mob bosses - they’re not just in it for the power and the money.  They’re in it because they get off on hurting people, and making people hurt other people.  And right now, they own most of the politicians and police officers in New York.”
“To the team,” Natasha says, lifting her own glass.
“And it’s not like I have anyone else to talk to,” Steve said.
“If only it were that easy,” Tony said, settling himself down next to Steve.
“Guys,” Tony says, and throws back whatever he’s got in his glass, it tastes like
“It’s rare I get to hear a man scream that way when I’m not the one causing it,” Natasha said fondly.  “Hi, Cap.  Come for a swim?”
“Friday, playback fifteen seconds.”
“Well,” Tony said, “I wasn’t gonna say it, but.”
“Bingo,” Tony says.  “Looks like a monitor with a burned out pixel, right?  But just for an instant, then - gone.”
it to be.”
“I mean,” Tony says, “do you belong anywhere else?”
Clint shrugged.  “They were tired of being cooped up inside.”
“Ah,” Tony said.  “So this is about last night.”
“I’m sorry,” Clint said, waving a turkey baster with horror, “what do you mean you don’t
"It's not a fucking request," Tony snaps.
and Steve was swallowing him down to the root.  “Fuck,” Tony said, and pulled out, “you don’t have to - ”
“Tony,” Steve says, his voice uneven, but when he takes the shield his hands are steady.  “It’s - you didn’t have to do this.”
“We asked for him to be here now, so he could get us the coordinates,” Bruce explained.
“Sorcerer Supreme, remember?” Strange says, arching an eyebrow.  “Plus, it’s written all over your face.  You’re not nearly as good at hiding things as you think you are.”
“I guess I’d have to list them all out to know for sure,” Steve continued, his eyes slowly widening as he realized that was exactly what he was about to do.  “The worst thing that ever happened to me was waking up in 2011 and finding out pretty much everyone I’d ever known was dead.  The second worst thing that ever happened to me was when Bucky died. The third worst thing that ever happened to me was - ”
“I could eject both of you for that, you know,” Coulson said, arching an eyebrow as Tony settled into position.
“So,” Pierce says, his voice echoing through the bar, “if we know she’s here, and we know the others probably are too, whaddya say we drop all the pretense and have a little chat?  How’s that sound, Miss Romanov?”
“She’s busy a lot,” Steve said.  “Which is great, but it’d be nice to see her once in a while.”
“Nice,” Steve repeated dubiously.  “Your standards have clearly fallen.”
“I guess we’ll find out,” Steve said.  “Hey, want to go swimming?”
,” Steve groans, and the way he looks down at Tony makes Tony feel like he just hit altitude.  It’s a
“I can work with that,” Tony said, smirking.
“And people don’t keep toothbrushes in places they don’t live.”
Steve took a deep breath.  “How is this possible?”
They all lie through their teeth to SHIELD and Congress and the WSC about how they did it, lock away the quantum machine and make up some story that Carol says pretty much checks out, if you don’t know too much about space and the causal nature of reality.
.  “The joint’s closed tonight.”
“I’d rather keep them out of our relationship from now on, if it’s all the same to you,” Steve said.  “Oh, and Tony?”
Steve turns closer to the wall and cups his hand over his mouth.  “How’d you even get this number?  We’re unlisted.”
“You have a whole room just for - just for exercising?” Steve says, peering around.
The other Tony said, “I’m definitely writing Bruce a thank you card.”
said that for someone who didn’t
“Thanks, pal,” Steve says, clapping Banner on the shoulder.
"I told him to come back tomorrow," Natasha continues.  "3 o'clock, before the joint opens."
“That’s… complicated.”
“No,” Tony said, “we’re waiting, we’re - ”
"Can I stop you?" Banner says wryly.
“Hi,” Tony said, waving to some guy who was probably live-tweeting their enormously suspicious conversation.  “Just a little charity shopping trip.  Are you interested in making a donation?”
“Just in case things get out of hand.”
One of the hardest things to get used to was not being able to train.
“These deletions,” Tony said.  “To our shared server history, what are they - oh.  These are things the kids looked up and then asked you to hide, right?”
With impeccable timing, Sir Mix-a-Lot blasted through the manor, and Tony released Steve’s face like he’d been burned.  This was getting dangerous, and stupid, and really short-sighted, and Tony knew that because he knew dangerous and stupid and short-sighted
Natasha delicately licked a glop of guac from her finger.  “Why would I want to be the boss?”
“I’m gonna give you guys a lot of shit for this when you grow up, just so you know,” Tony said.
“Exactly,” Tony says.  “Really, if you want to get into the quantum possibility matrix of it all, there’s probably a version of us out there that does all kinds of things.  I mean, there’s probably a version of you that votes Republican.  There’s a me who adds roller skates to the suit.”
interesting.  Faster, Steve.”
People want to go home to their families, and go out and celebrate, and think about anything else for a while because finally,
that was all it ever is?”
It’s an inauspicious opening, and it shows on Bruce’s face.  “How dangerous is it?”
It was a years-long argument about which Steve was not, even at this particular moment, inclined to yield.  “Do I think feasting before a mission has an impact on performance?  No, I definitely do not.  But everybody’s gotta have dinner.”
There’s no one there. Her parlor is as she left it, dark behind thick velvet drapes. She turns on a lamp, picks up her ivory cigarette case, and shakes one loose, frowning at how few are left. She rests it on the exact center of her lip and lights, shaking the match out and dropping it into a jade vase. Taking a deep drag, she begins undressing, expertly slithering out of her gown without disturbing the burning coal at the tip of the cigarette. Leaving a trail of clothing behind her, she wanders down the hall to her bedroom, where she swings her wardrobe door open and begins working on her brassiere closure, the column of ash growing at the tip of her gasper. When the hands pin her arms behind her, she stiffens but does not panic.
“This feels really gross,” Steve said.  “Sorry.”
“Are you okay with that?”
“Not even close,” Steve said.  “I miss the shield.  I miss jumping out of things I probably shouldn’t.  Hell, sometimes I even miss your voice in my ear, pissing me off.”
He goes to Bleecker Street once, makes it all the way to Strange’s block, considers walking up and knocking on the door and asking the question he doesn’t want to know the answer to -
Tony went to flop down on the couch, but there was already someone there.  “What are
“Sam always wants to go faster,” Steve said.  “He won’t stop asking for more power until he can go as fast as you.”
Take Banner.  A few days ago he showed up looking for a place to stay that didn’t ask too many questions, and now he’s tucked in a corner with Tony Stark, heads bent over a piece of paper covered in scribbles that might as well be in Greek as far as Natasha can tell.  She wonders what Stark’s talking him into.  He can be quite persuasive, when he wants to be.
Steve grinned.  “I’m going to go back to sucking your dick so I don’t say anything stupid.”
“Well, that’s very nice of you,” Santa said, starting to look a little uncomfortable; Steve had now been on his knee for more than the 30 seconds most children were allotted, and he wasn’t exactly light.  “Anything else?”
“Hey, you bought me an extra hour of sleep,” Tony says.  “Do you have plans today, or - ”
“How do you plan to show them that?” Thor asks.
“Chill out, Tony,” Clint said.  “It’s not like you’re doing it
“I think it’s exactly what it looks like,” Tony says.
Everybody turns to look at Steve.
Stark swirls his glass and takes a sip.  "You were Army in the war.  Commissioned officer, obviously - what were you, first lieutenant?"
“We kind of figured that out,” Bruce said, wiping away tears from his red eyes.
Tony would like the record to reflect that what he’s been building isn’t an all-knowing, all-seeing artificial intelligence.  Been there, done that, created that superbot; he makes a lot of mistakes, sure, but he doesn’t make most of them twice.
“People brush their teeth at
He swallows hard, then leads her down the stairs to the crowded dance floor.  It’s steaming down here, the air thick with humidity and cigarette smoke.  Natasha’s just begun to wonder if Banner knows how to Charleston when the song ends and a slow one starts up.
Tony narrowed his eyes and opened his mouth to retort -
“Right,” Steve said.  “Totally reasonable.  It’s been a good run, anyway, no need to, uh, mess things up - ”
Well, smarty pants, it turns out most of the Avengers live in New York.  Tony watches the news with everybody else, wonders about the guy in green with the scuba mask gone wrong, which, look, Tony’s done the secret identity thing, he gets it, but it’s inconvenient and when he’s really honest he kind of hopes Fury is all over this one.
Steve spat out a mouthful of water.  “You really want to go, Stark?”
with it.  Everything was loud, and bright, and
"What took you so long?" he asks her. "You've been needing this since Banner arrived."
“That guy’s a dick.”
“I just - how can you not
until he figures out how to stop the beeping.  Two subsection A, they
“Thanks for coming today, Captain Rogers,” Jameson says, holding out a hand.  Jameson’s rise to online notoriety after the snap was laid on a foundation of conspiracy theories and built with bricks of panic and scarcity, so while Tony isn’t exactly surprised that a guy who made a living calling the death of half of humanity a “long-awaited judgment from a higher power” is still seeing enemies everywhere, that doesn’t mean he’s not taking it personally.
Steve pulls the sheet up over both of them and settles in.  “I’ll sleep with you without a fight first, you know.”
,” Steve says.
“So you’re leaving us here alone?” Clint said, delighted.
Tony told him.
“What?” Steve frowned fetchingly.  Oh, god.  Did he just think the word “fetching”?  Tony mentally upgraded his crush status from “probably” to “definitely, you embarrassing fuck.”
“Buncha scientists who couldn’t even hold a tommy gun the right way up,” Clint says with a shrug.  “You?”
“Wow.  So you’re really saying you don’t miss
“I’m sure I’ll think of something,” Steve says.
Clint burped.  “Yeah, all right.  Wanna start with GameStop?”
"Captain, actually," Steve says.  "What's that got to do with - "
"It was friendly fire," Natasha says from Steve's shoulder as the coroner's van pulls away.
Tony lowered himself into the booth across from Steve.  “Having a nice night?”
“I seem to,” Stark says.  “What are you doing poking around up here, anyway?  Just general nosiness?”
Tony said, horrified.
“I’m still,” Tony says, “I’m - what’s the word I’m looking for?”
“Hey, now,” Banner says, “I think we can all agree that a woman is just as capable of - ”
"I look at it as an opportunity for growth," Stark says.  "How's you shoulder doing?"
Tony lets them all go to voicemail.
When Tony woke up a few hours later, it was still dark out, and Steve was propped up on one elbow and staring at him.
“I saw it on the news,” Pepper says.  “They could have handled it.”
Stark fires again, and Barton barely jumps out of the way of a fireball.  "Goddammit, Stark!" he yells, taking out his anger by throwing another punch.
“Don’t give me that, you know exactly what happened,” Tony says.
have access to a pretty massive number of Pym particles.  Which won’t be invented for another 15 years.”
They all glance at each other.  “We’ll have to think about it,” Natasha says finally.
“I leave underwear in your middle drawer because my underwear always disappears when I stay overnight and I have to go back to my floor commando,” Steve said.  “Do you hide them? Do you have Dummy sneak in during the night to steal them?  It doesn’t make
The tower starts to fill up again.  It’s Tony’s employees, mostly, R&D and government affairs and a fully-staffed marketing department that hasn’t had a consumer product to market in going on six years, but the top ten floors hum with life too, because the Avengers are back.
Tony freezes.
Steve shuts him up, backs him up against the wall and pushes his jacket off his shoulders, rips the buttons off his shirt in his rush to get it off.
Natasha spends quite a lot of time looking at her.
“I’m saying I’m out,” Steve says.  “And I’d suggest you all get out too.  Alexander Pierce is dangerous.”
“Hey,” Steve murmurs, and kisses him again, quickly, like he can’t help himself.
“He has unrestricted access to the penthouse and found her about to spill an entire gallon of milk,” Friday says by way of explanation.
“Me?  Never,” Tony says, pressing a kiss to his jaw, the spot below his ear, his throat.  “I wasn’t that drunk, anyway.  Wouldn’t have been fair, not with you sober as the day you were born.”
But there are a lot of things he didn’t used to do, Steve thinks as he gets on his bike and heads into the city, and, well, it seems silly not to do them now.
“I know, I’m there.”
“Baby, you can have all the drawers you want,” Tony said.
“I think I’m actually about to throw up now,” Tony said, and bolted.
“Could be so many things,” Tony says.  “I was an asshole for a long time.  I’m still an asshole, actually.”
“I wouldn’t fight back too hard,” Pierce says.  “These boys work for some of those friends of mine I was mentioning, and some of them have spent some time in the lab, if you know what I mean.  Not to mention, they don’t have any of the same rules dictating their conduct that we’ve got at the bureau.”  He smiles at Steve, and it makes Steve’s stomach curdle.  “Just a little helpful advice.  Take him, Sitwell.”
hurt this much, Steve thought, and scrubbing a hand over his face he headed for the door.
“By the way, if anybody needs condoms, I found some in my room,” Clint said.  “Like, a lot.  I mean
Steve rolls his eyes.  “Come here?”
“You earned it,” Steve said.  He picked up a sponge and started scrubbing.  “So, sixteen year old me had a crush on you, huh?”
he just wants to save the world, but what else is behind the mask?”
He turned the dials a few times, but nothing happened.
“Are you?” Beck says, hovering in midair a dozen yards from Tony.  “You might want to re-think that.”
“Haven’t had time, been a busy day,” Tony says, and smirks when he thinks of Steve seeing the clip later.
There was a momentary pause, then: “They’re congregating in Master Odinson’s room.”
“Did you hear that?”
And once, memorably: “Your fly’s down, soldier.”
“But then again,” Killian says lightly, “we’ve got plenty of practice getting blood out of just about anything, so really it’s up to you.”
“Waste not, want not,” Steve said, licking a glop of sour cream off his pinky finger.
"Sit," the man says quietly, gesturing to the booth across from him.
“Weapons are off topic at the dinner table,” Tony said.
“He smiles at you a lot,” Peter says.  “I don’t see him smile that much, but with you - ”
“You’re with me,” Director Pierce says, striding out of his office with several agents, including Sitwell.  “Now.”
“We think we’ve implicated him in another jewel heist in New Jersey,” Steve says, settling himself in the chair across from Pierce.  “I’ve got field agents interviewing witnesses now, but we’re pretty confident we can add it to his file.”
“There it is.”
.  “Your commentary isn’t helping,” he says, jumping out of the way of a Colt .45 and knocking the gun away with a roundhouse kick.
“No, it’s,” Steve said, his eys slowly widenining with horror, “it’s that I’m worried that if I’m alone with you I’ll tell you how much I think about having sex with you oh god no.”
“This is very drinkable,” Bruce said, holding up his glass thoughtfully.
Bruce moves into the suite on 101, next to his lab, where he is definitely
none of you have those.”
“But how would you
“Well, we saved the world, we deserve a party once in a while,” Tony says.  “How’s the new shield treating you?  I mean, the real test will be in a fight, but - ”
“Yeah,” Tony said.  “I know.”
“I don’t think that was ever in the cards,” Steve said, “but yeah, it could have gone better.”
"Tony," Steve gasps, "you have to - come
“It’s 1957.”
“Yeah, and I didn’t even do anything,” Clint complained.
“So what do you do when you’re not in 1957 hassling me?” Steve said.
When Tony wakes up she’s in the shower.
"I mean with me."
“They get by,” Tony said.  “I’m assuming you don’t actually want to know more about the future?”
you for your cars.”
Steve has plenty, but none of them are relevant to why he's here in the first place.  "I'm here on my own business.  I appreciate you helping me out back there with the Hawk, but I need to get back to it."
“It’s a pleasure.  You’re one of Mr. Stark’s new friends, right?” Her eyes are bright and curious, and Steve wonders what exactly she knows.
Steve blew out a breath.  They walked another block.  Finally, he said, “I used to think about her all the time.”
“It was truly a feast to be remembered,” Thor said warmly, standing up and taking the last half-full bottle of wine with him.  “I repeat, a
“Well, that, but I was more talking about, you know.  Everything.”
Stark snorts and picks up his glass.  “Not since he decided to turn tail and run at the first sign of trouble.”
“Why does my bedroom have reinforced steel doors?” Bruce said.
“Even Bruce!” Tony said triumphantly.
“Yes,” Tony said, “definitely, whenever, any time, later is good, now would be better but considering we’re in the middle of an inning - ”
Steve grinned.  “Sorry, Is this offending you?
“Seriously, you look like shit.”
Steve stares at him.  Tony stares right back, his face pinched around the mouth like it is when he’s trying not to say something he really wants to say.  Tony doesn’t have a lot of practice not saying things.
Tony pauses.  He remembers this guy.  Smart -
“Why’d you wake me up,” Steve said, annoyed that his brain would pull him out of one dream only to launch him into another.
“Are you serious?” Tony says.  “God, I knew you were a hypocrite but this, this is a new one, you literally
“Let’s hope so.”  Steve holds out an arm for Miss Romanov.  “See you back at the joint?”
Except right now the data was behaving very oddly.  Because if he was reading it correctly - and he always was - Steve Rogers was...
“We can always hope.”  Tony pours a glass of scotch and holds it out.  Steve reaches for it, and as soon as their fingers brush Tony blurts out, “Is this a date?” which, look, isn’t his
“Why don’t we lock him in his room?” Thor suggested.  “Then he cannot offend anyone or further embarrass himself.”
“Banner’s… unstable, you know,” Steve says delicately.
“You got lucky,” Bruce argued.
“A lot of things,” Steve says.
"Say please," Tony murmurs around his dick.
“If anyone could do it, it’s her.  Well, feel free to join the party down here.  Not that it’s much of a party, unless you want a drink?  Of course you don’t, I only offered to be polite, which is kind of out of character for me, admittedly, and I’m going back to work now, so you can turn the game on or whatever, all right, good talk, break!” Tony finished,
of what he was saying.  “You holding me down, making me do whatever you wanted me to do.”
“I don’t know how many Caps you know,” Bruce says.  “Okay, so you have a crush on Steve.  Is that it?”
They look at each other.  The mood in the car goes taut, like a finely-tuned bowstring.  Tony swallows.  “I don’t know if you want to, uh…”
“Wait, this is a job?” Peter says.  “Am I supposed to be getting paid?”
"You served in the science division during the war," Steve says.  "You were involved in weapons testing."
Steve waits until the bartender’s gone before he says, “And I didn’t realize you were my boss these days.  Did you guys update the charter since I left?”
Tony pretends to look thoughtful.  “An interesting idea.  I can think of a few other ways to get ahold of
, but he doesn’t sound pissed either, so Tony takes it for what it is.  He climbs the stairs two at a time and doesn’t realize until he’s already knocked on Steve’s front door that he doesn’t know what he’s going to say.
“Sex,” Tony said.
in there somewhere,” Natasha commented.
“Okay, please say something, because if you don’t then I’m going to
“Well,” the man says, “yes.”
“Actually, I meant - do you want to go out?”
“Wait, you knew about Nick?” Tony said.  “Did
“Whoa,” he says.  He looks around at all of them and then grins weakly up at Steve.  “I hope somebody kissed me.”
“ - been trying to get him out of town, I think it might be good for him,” Rhodey’s saying, and Tony spins around.
“Touche,” Tony said, but when Steve glanced at him again, he was gone.
“It’s not about the toothbrush,” Tony said.
,” Odinson says, “Barton felled the one coming up the stairs with a mighty blow!”
“Well, considering she’ll be the director in a decade, I guess you’ll have an in,” Tony said.  “Does she know?”
"I don't either," Tony says.
“I’ve heard,” Steve says.  “You know, when I went over to the tower today, I thought the worst thing that could happen was that you really were passed out drunk at Borgata.”  He shakes his head, gives a brittle laugh.  “But I was wrong.  This is so much worse.  Because if you don’t want to be with me, hey, that’s fine, I can take it.  But this?  This means you don’t trust me.  This means that after all we’ve been through, we’re not even
how this story ends.  You and me hating each other all over again.”
“Not mine,” Sam says.  “I’m an independent contractor.”
“Any chance you remember what you did to piss this guy off?” Bruce asks hopefully.
Steve takes a step closer.  “What is it?”
“You can tell Hank Pym that he’s just mad he didn’t think of it himself,” Tony said.  “And also, seriously, does
“He’s lucky I even talk to him,” Tony says as he waves to the security guard at the end of the Pentagon’s driveway.  “I should be spending all my time on VR headsets and automated vacuum cleaners.  That’s what’s driving the economy, not his space defense program.”
“Oh,” Tony says.  He thinks about it.  The world spins.  “I don’t.”
.  And anyway they’ve texted, and Steve sent him that meme that’s going around with the elephant and the banana (which, for the record, it’s adorable that Steve thinks he might be far enough ahead of the meme game to be the first to send it to Tony, bless his elderly little heart.)
“But do you
nicer than anything I could have ever expected of you.”
Tony could see it coming a mile away: she was inching forward, then inching forward again, and Steve, bless his heart, was absolutely
, because he’s
Tony puts down the soldering iron.  “You taking a psych class or something?”
“You’ll have to forgive my bad manners,” Steve says, stepping forward and leaving the others in the shadows.  “This is all a bit of a risk for me, see.  I could use a few witnesses.”
“I’ll do my best,” Tony says.  “And, you know, my best is pretty great, so there’s probably nothing to worry about.”
“What did you say, Mommy?” Morgan asks from the backseat.
“Only when I’m not expecting visitors.”
“I think I might,” Natasha says.  “Especially since no one’s come to tell me I can’t.”
“Excuse me, not all of us joined the Army and got used to being naked with our coworkers,” Tony said. “Put a towel on, Spangles.”
“Once an adrenaline junkie, always an adrenaline junkie.”
- and it takes him a second to realize that they’ve surrounded him.  That’s why the sun’s been blocked out; the drones aren’t just in the sky anymore, they’re around
“All right, if you say so,” Stark calls out.  “Nine o’clock.  I’ll buy you a drink!”
“Nothing,” Tony says.
“Okay,” Peter says.  “But like, friends like me and Ned are friends, or friends like me and MJ are friends?  Because look, I’ve had a crush on MJ forever and I’m not really into dudes but if Captain America looked at
“First of all, I’m dead, so don’t be, and second of all, last time we saw each other you kissed me, so are you really?”
Rogers raised his eyebrows.  “You?”
“I know that,” Tony says.  “And I’m not saying I need to keep track of you.  You don’t owe me anything.  That’s not how this works, we agreed on that a long time ago.  But it’s - it means something to me, okay?  It’s not supposed to, but it does.
“No I don’t.”
Clint wandered in just as Bruce was setting the table.  “Toss those over here,” he said, holding out his hands for the pile of plates.
“I think so,” Steve said.   “I caught them flirting at your party the other night too.”
“With more than just Clint on his crusade to save Thanksgiving?”
“No thanks.”
“Tony, what’s the actual question here?”
“Or distract us from something bigger,” Steve says.  “Can you prove it?”
“You’re taking them off my hands,” Tony said.
"I read people. It's a survival skill."
The thing about grief is that it’s not linear.  It can ebb away long enough to let you get out of bed, go for a run, meet up with somebody in a vacant McMansion outside Charlotte, leave again in the morning before they wake up.  Even grief so big you can’t wrap your mind around it lets you take a breather, once in a while.
And then he winks, the son of a bitch.  God, he should be
“Not exactly,” JARVIS said.  “Agent Romanov and Mr. Odinson have just left the tower.  I believe they’re hailing a cab.”
“That’s not what I said,” Steve says.  “I do think about it, and I always come back to the same answer: we did what we had to do.”
"I'm good at everything," Steve points out.
Steve snorts.  “You’re plenty busy.”
And he stormed away.
“You sure you don’t like it?” Stark murmurs against his lips.  His hips speed up, thrusting forward to meet his hand.  “Cause it seems like you don’t mind my voice one bit.  Kind of seems like you wouldn’t have a problem with me telling you all about how next time, I’m gonna get some slick and open you up nice and slow - ”
“No,” Steve said.  “I didn’t.”  He sighed again.  “I came down to your lab because I like you a normal amount too.”
gorgeous.  “I can’t help it, I’m sorry, I - ”
a half-empty bottle of wine in the middle of the dining room table, which he selflessly stepped in to help finish off.
“Balloon,” Tony said, like you do.
“Groundbreaking,” Tony said.  “If only I’d thought of that first.”
“I mean it’s not like - a thing,” Tony said.
“The best part about fighting is making up,” Tony says later.
Stark yanks up the sleeve of his jacket to show the shiny metal threaded around his arm.  “Come on, you think I’m about to walk in there without an insurance policy?”
“They just like to make trouble,” Thor says, handing Banner his ice water.  “Throw their weight around, try to act like they’re tough.  The Black Widow’s been running for two years and never paid a bribe yet.”
“Probably because I think about it all the time,” Steve said.  “Even though I’ve only had it four times with three different people.”
The man takes a sip of his drink.  "What's your name?"
“Son of a bitch,” Sam says, and Barnes throws up his hands, and Tony laughs harder than he should and he can’t put his finger on why.
From inside the car, someone says, “Get in, Rogers.”
And with that, Banner disappears just as he arrived: without a sound.  Steve stares at his reflection in the dim glass for a long, long time before he picks up his hat and heads back up to the street.
"So you don't intend to have him killed?" Thor smirks.
He roasted.
“I thought you said I’m actually an adult,” Clint argued.
"Plenty," Steve says with a lopsided grin.  "Quite a turnout tonight."
that Tony did the worst thing he possibly could do in that moment and burst out laughing.
Natasha watches Stark slip through the crowd after Rogers and tries not to roll her eyes.  If she cared about either of them even a little bit, she'd be embarrassed for them.
It’s kind of funny, actually, once it becomes clear that nobody’s been injured and the danger has passed; the guy’s knife is tiny, and Steve and Tony are sort of embarrassingly overpowered in comparison, who brings a knife to an Avengers fight?  The police show up eventually, and after a lot of grateful hugs from the woman and selfies with the cops, they finally make it back to Tony’s car, which has not one but three parking tickets on it.
“All right, this conversation has gotten away from us,” Tony said.  “Does anybody
Steve takes the cigarette from Tony's mouth and puts it out carefully on the balconet's railing.  "Nothing," he says, and when he crushes his mouth to Tony's he tastes nothing at all.
“Are you joking?  I can’t tell.”
"More or less," Banner says.  "Chemical weapons, mostly.  Some medical technology.  We did gas masks for a few months like everybody else.  You interested in the weapons?"
all working for them, I’m happy to come along for the ride.  You know, as a consultant.”
crazy.  Steve Rogers had met a lot of crazy people in his life, and he definitely wasn’t perfect, but he wasn’t one of them.
is classic.”
“This is what I’m talking about!” Clint said.  “He’s read your
,” Steve said.
Steve grabbed Tony’s finger and frowned down at it.  “Yeah, but I can still
“You were
“Wrong,” Pierce says flatly.  “It’s me.”
“Hey, I’m just saying,” Tony said, holding up his hands in surrender.  “Stand down, soldier.  You’re the one who said - ”
“Well, my teammates don’t always tell me things,” Steve said.
“No!” Steve said.  “I didn’t
“Don’t fire at
“It worked!” Tony said as Steve burst into the kitchen and rummaged for something to eat.  “I woke you up!”
“Well, it would probably kill them, but hey, what a way to go, right?”
“Could be worse,” Steve says, which is true every day, all the time, but Tony tries not to think about it that way and apparently Steve agrees because he adds, “I mean, I could be stuck getting brunch with Sam and his one night stand.”
,” Tony says, and they all roll their eyes.  “Look, for all we know there are people time traveling all over the place and we don’t have any idea.”
“Anything you want,” Tony said, and luckily for him, bribery really does work.
“That’s exactly my point!” Steve snaps.  “I know what that feels like!  I know what all of it feels like, and pretty much nobody else does.  And I thought after everything, maybe we could deal with all of it
“You too,” Steve says.  He takes a sip of champagne and looks around, trying to spot Stark in the crowd as the band starts up again.  Pretty dumb of him, showing up to a party where he’s not sure he knows anyone besides the host; he probably won’t see Stark again for the whole night, and even if he did, it’s not like he has much to say to -
Steve snorts.  “It’s pretty bad.”
“Sure, Tony,” Steve says, and to Tony’s intense irritation he sounds
Steve laughed, out of surprise and confusion and something else he couldn’t quite place and didn’t want to think about too hard.  “Sure, Tony.”
had to play against the Hulk, who hit a lot of home runs but also created a lot of work for the bat boy, or Natasha, who was so good at stealing second that there was ongoing debate about whether she should be officially included on the "powered" list.
.  “Not taking visitors,” he says.
Steve shrugged.  “I just thought it might be nice.”
, like really everything - ”
Or Valkyrie. Why the heiress to the Singer Sewing Machine fortune thinks she can avoid notice with a put-on name like is a mystery, but not the kind of mystery Natasha is particularly interested in unraveling. She would imagine it has something to do with families. "Daddy issues". The kinds of issues, she is told, that other people have. No, that doesn't interest Natasha particularly much. What does interest Natasha is the way Millicent Margaret Ann--ahem, sorry,
Steve walked up next to him and peered down at his holo-blueprints.  “What are you working on?”
“I drink at school all the time, what’s the difference?”
“Somebody screamed,” Steve says, and slams the car door shut again.
“Not exactly,” Tony said, glancing at his watch.  “So you know how you said that thing a few months ago, about, you know - threesomes, and how you’d always kind of wanted to have one?”
noise, like a bunch of balloons exploding all at once, and Tony was suddenly surrounded by five adult Avengers.
“It just seems like, if it was all so above board, why doesn’t the public have more details?”
“Neither can the IRS,” Clint said, handing him a glass of wine.
Tony even
“Your friend’s one of Blonsky’s big men?” Clint says.
“I hope you brought some cash,” Natasha said.  She was chewing gum and holding up a Little Mermaid t-shirt as if checking for size.
The door behind the bar swings open, and Miss Romanov walks out, looking supremely unconcerned.  "Can I get you a drink, Mr. Killian?"
"No fairsies, bringing Thor's balls into it."
“It wasn’t your fault I was the most attractive adult around,” Tony said.  “Anyway, you were a cute kid.  A little big for your britches sometimes.  But cute.”
“So,” Barton says, “what are we going to do about it?”
“Nothing.”  Steve picked his book up and tried to find his place.
From behind his desk, Director Pierce leans back in his chair.  “Shut the door, son.  Come sit down.  How’s the Zemo case coming along?”
The destruction is complete, and removing the rubble will be a months-long job, but more than that nobody really wants to look at it ever again.  Tony tells people it’s because of how it all went down there, but they all know that really, it’s because in the end, it was Natasha’s.  She kept the place going when the rest of them couldn’t take it; she ran missions out of the command center when everybody else gave up; she called it home when the rest of them walked away.
“It must be weird, watching it all play out.”
thought about it before,” Tony said.  “That
clear last night,” Steve said, raising his eyebrows.
And right at this moment what he wants is to go back and get it right with Beck, to take him
“And you’re okay with that.”
is already more than enough to deal with before adding Bucky fucking Barnes into the situation so yeah, no, this was definitely the right call.
“Where are you headed?” Tony asked.
"Kind of.  Not really.  We don't do parties, parties are in bad taste, it was the board, and there were a lot of questions about the space shuttle program, and Pepper was there."
Tony’s in a meeting with NASA when his phone goes crazy.
“It’s a squeaky wheel,” Tony says.  “A vocal minority.  You don’t have to take it all on, you know.”
“Happy to be of service,” Natasha says.
“So this is the part that might not work,” Tony said.
“What are you
“Because I’m almost positive I’m bad in bed,” Steve said.  “And because if you weren’t interested you might stop being friends with me.  And because I don’t want to be a one-night stand you forget about the next day.  And because - ”
“What a tragedy,” Coulson said.  “There’s chips and guacamole in the kitchen.”
Steve shifted minutely.
The man who’s suddenly leaning in too close smells of whiskey and cheap cologne.  “I’m all right, thank you.”
“Told you,” Clint muttered.
It clicks in Natasha’s head.
The bartender, who just moments before had been minding his own business watching the Vikings game, stares open-mouthed.
“Speaking of murderers,” Jameson says, “what about all the criminals who Blipped back and then escaped from prisons that had been abandoned?  In New York alone, there are over two hundred prisoners who have yet to be re-captured.  How will you feel if one of them murders someone?”
"It was our pleasure," Odinson says, starting to sweep of the mess of broken glasses on the floor.  "Truly."
“Well, I’m a genius, so why don’t you try me.”
But on the other hand, it was Steve’s
“Ball!” Coulson said.
“Shit,” Tony said.  He threw down his blowtorch, headed for the hallway, ran back to turn
“This plan, I like it!” Thor says, slamming a glass down on the bar.
“Cool,” Steve said, and flopped down on the sofa.
“Hard to imagine we won’t,” Banner says, looking down at the bar.
“Yeah, in retrospect it’s really not,” Tony said.
"I get the feeling he doesn’t like crowds," Romanov says.
“More wine?” Bruce said, leaning forward with a bottle.
“Nighty night,” Natasha sang on her way out the door.
“Where did you even get a bikini?  Do you store one in the Quinjet?” Tony said, easing into the deck chair next to hers and getting comfortable.
Bruce and Steve looked appropriately uncomfortable; Thor looked dubious; Clint shrugged as if to say,
“As serious as you were about kids thinking I’m Santa Claus,” Tony said pointedly.
“What, that she’ll be the director?”
And beside her, looking much more focused about his own pancakes, is Steve.
“Another round.”
Tony pushed himself back from the table and walked to the window.  The sun was shining brightly, but he didn’t have a shadow.  Steve wished he hadn’t noticed.
,” Barnes growls.  They hear several stomps, and then a door slamming shut.
The plan is actually pretty simple.
Or at least, he didn’t think he was.
“It’s a swell party,” Steve says.  “What about you?”
.  And all these people who are mad at me about it, about that and everything else I’ve ever done - Beck, and Jameson, and all of them?  I don’t blame them.”
Later, the stars come out and Tony figures out how to turn on the hot tub, and it's so cold out that even Steve gets goosebumps as they run naked across the deck and climb in.  Steve leans his head back on the edge of the hot tub and closes his eyes, and Tony feels around under the foam for one of his feet and starts kneading the arch.
“We get the picture,” Stark says darkly.  “So what do we do about it?”
“But you
“Maybe we just got lucky,” Banner says doubtfully.
Tony took a deep, cleansing breath.  These were his teammates.  His friends.  He loved them.  He wanted them to be happy.  He did not, under any circumstances, want to kill them.
“That I can do,” Tony murmured, grabbing the front of Steve’s shirt and pulling him down for another kiss.  Steve kissed him back hungrily this time, threading a hand through Tony’s hair and pressing their bodies together, grinding his hips into Tony’s desperately.
to talk, so I would probably just break down the door and I don’t want to cause any damage to Tony’s house.  Even though he always says it belongs to all of us I always feel like it actually belongs to
“I don’t think you’re allowed to talk to me of all people about short.”
They walked a few more blocks, and Tony almost ran into him - or would have, if he was corporeal - when Steve stopped and unlocked a door tucked in next to a laundromat.
“Can we come too?” Bruce said.
“Excuse me,” Natasha says, ducking away from the cheap cologne and taking Bruce’s proffered arm.
"I'm not a cop," Steve says.
nightmare, he was living a totally
“Sorry to bother you, Agent Rogers, but do you have those reports for the judiciary committee ready?”
Bruce reddended, but Natasha just arched an eyebrow and said, “Who’s to say we haven’t already?”
“So Stark pays you just to drive him around?”
universe, not anymore, but - well, it’s comforting anyway, somehow.
judging you for those pants.”
“What, the party?  I throw parties all the time.  Gotta do something with all the booze I’m smuggling into the country - ”
Steve laughs and presses his forehead to Tony’s.  “Everything we do is a bad idea, Tony,” he says, but when Tony kisses him again he can tell he’s smiling.
“Stark,” Steve says reproachfully, shifting away.
give Barton coffee.  Two: Thor doesn’t like alarm clocks, he will break
“I’m fine,” Steve said, sticking his chin out and yanking his arm away from Clint.  “If you’ll excuse me.”
“But she’s got you on a need to know basis?”
Stark grins up at him and catches Steve’s bottom lip between his teeth, then pushes until the back of Steve’s knees hit the bed.  “Bet I can find a way to make you forgive me
When he opens his eyes again, he’s dry.  “Huh,” Tony says, peering at Strange’s cape.  “Did it mess up my hair?”
They don’t talk for three weeks, not that Tony’s counting.
about it?” Steve snaps.
I don’t even like baseball that much - ”
“It’s actually a little more complicated than that,” Bruce says.
“Never said I was,” Tony said.  He watched Steve push eggs around in the pan and tried to figure out if they were going to have to talk about it.
"I swear to
The hallway outside Steve’s room is quiet, and suspiciously empty - or not so suspiciously, actually, Tony thinks, not once you realize the surly figure slouched in a folding chair outside room 1408 is the Winter Soldier.  Tony considers his options, glances at his watch, and then walks straight up to the guy and says, “How’s he doing?”
The first team meeting after Tony moves back in is a little awkward.
“Not just at the moment, thanks, Jarvis, just leave it on the cart,” Tony says, looking amused.  “Skittish much, Cap?”
Steve laughs and presses a kiss to the corner of Tony’s mouth.  “Shut up.”
“Oh, goddammit,” Tony said.
“Mm,” Pierce says noncommittally.  “And Emil Blonsky?”
“You spoil her,” Tony says.
And that’s when his lips met Tony’s.
“Really, or are you just saying that because you’re hungry?”
“What’s a PSA?” Thor mused.
- discreet.”
“They’ve tried,” Tony said.  “A lot.  And when he grows up I might join the list of attempts.”
the time, but hearing it from
“You never imagined I’d do something… nicer than that?”
“You don’t have to be involved,” Steve says.
They end up with street tacos on a bench at Brooklyn Bridge Park that smells faintly of piss.  If it’s a date, it’s quite possibly the least successful of Tony’s life, and that includes the one where he took out the governor’s daughter and ended up getting them both arrested at the Canadian border (ah, to be eighteen again).
“You have literally no idea what you’re talking about, but sure,” Tony says.  “So what was the last straw?”
, says a voice in Tony’s head that sounds irritatingly like Steve’s, but attacking innocent people is significantly
“Um,” he said, and then Steve dived into the pool.
“So if you were serious about that invite to our room we should probably go, because I don’t want anyone to walk in on us, but I also don’t care enough to stop,” Steve said, pressing kisses down Tony’s neck.
“No, I didn’t,” Steve says.
Steve demolishes four burgers and two shakes before Sam rescues a few and takes them down to Wanda’s room.  When Tony looks up, Steve’s looking so miserable that Tony can’t help but say, “You wanna talk about it?”
“Sure,” Steve says, following him down the block.  It’s near quitting time, and after a long day of tracking down a money laundering paper trail that
"If anybody says a
Steve looks up sharply.  “Yes, sir?”
,” Tony says, affronted.
"A cop?" the man says.  "Yeah, I heard.  What's the technicality?  Special investigator?  Private eye?  I can keep guessing.  Or we could always ask the Hawk what
The rest of the Avengers turned to look at Tony like they were at Wimbledon and it was, very obviously, his move.
Tony stared at his phone.  He’d typed up and deleted at least twelve texts - different greetings, different wordings, there had even been some emojis in a couple drafts, ugh.  Who was he?  Why was this happening?  He hated everything.
“Not the first time?” Tony asks.  “What do you mean?”
Scott looked around nervously, like he thought maybe Tony was standing right behind him.  “Like,
get it right and ended up sort of, from what I can tell, free floating in spacetime?  Way less fun than it sounds, by the way.”
- and presses a kiss to Pepper’s temple, then Morgan’s, shuts the screen door quietly behind him and flies away.
“And everybody else?”
“That was fast,” Odinson says, poking his head into the storeroom.  “I thought we’d have a riot on our hands; we’re out of gin up front.”
“Well,” Tony says.  “Guess there’s no point hanging around here when the party’s out there, am I right?  Catch you later.”
"Heard you the first time, Cap," Stark says, standing superfluously at Banner's shoulder as he cleans the wound with moonshine.  "You get stabbed often?"
It’s nothing like their kiss on the balcony the night before: no hesitation here, just pure need, the adrenaline from the evening’s fight rising in Steve like a wave - a wave he knows will drown him, if he lets it, and by God, how he wants to let it -
The boys behind Pierce laugh.  “Sir,” Steve starts, numbly, even though he has no idea what he’s going to say, “they don’t - they have nothing to do with - ”
Steve rolls his eyes.  “Big party to get to?”
splitting up,” Clint yelled over his shoulder.
Tony thunks his head against the wall.
“Does anybody else have any secret businesses they’d like to share with the class?” Tony said, whirling on the other Avengers.  “Are you hiding a Peruvian banana farm from me, Bruce?  Cap, please tell me you’re not running a nail salon in Queens.”
“There, was that so hard?” Tony said.  “You can go back to your meeting now.  Thank you for your service to this country.”
“What a shame,” Tony said.  “I bet you’d dominate at Marco Polo.”
Not that he was training for anything anymore, but he used to count on it to clear his head: the steady pounding of his feet on the pavement, the pull of the tape wrapped around his knuckles, the burn in his lungs when he pushed himself as hard as he could go and then harder.  These days, all he could do was sneak out in the middle of the night sometimes and run down to the docks, sprint up and down the pier and shift shipping crates until sweat trickled down his back.
“As in, a place with grapes,” Tony said.
“He should throw him out the window,” Tony whispers back, and Sam snorts.
Tony locks his feet together and punches the hyperboost.  It’s a little shaky with the nanobots still repairing his stabilizers, but it holds.  “Friday, do you have a lock on him?”
“Yeah, what’s that about?” Clint says, pouring his own glass of liquor from Tony’s supply.  “Those guv’mint guys who showed up didn’t seem real interested in questioning any of us, did they?  Just took the bodies and disappeared real fast.”
There was, to the naked eye, enough for all of Manhattan.  Steve said, “Sure.”
In every direction - nothing.  Not just normal nothing, but really,
"As always, miss," he says under his breath, and she presses an air kiss to his cheek and heads for the back stairs.
“Cover his poor virgin ears,” Stark snarks.  “He’s never heard of a good clean government official taking money to look the other way.”
“All right, all right,” Steve interrupted, hoisting himself out of the pool (and look, Tony wasn’t alone, Nat and Clint weren’t even
“Can you take over up here, Sam?” Steve says over the whir of the engines, and Sam unhooks his flight suit and slides into the co-pilot’s seat.  They ascend rapidly, and Steve hangs on to the grab bar as he stalks down the Quinjet toward Tony.  “What happened down there?”
“True love?” Tony said.  “I’m kidding, it’s quantum entanglement.  We traveled through the quantum realm together a couple times, probably swapped a few electrons, things get really messy at the subatomic level.  Are you freaking out?  It’s okay if you want to freak out.”
“Anything interesting in there?”
Out in the living room, the front door opens, and Barnes’ keys clatter on the countertop.
“Anything,” Tony murmured, cutting Steve off with his lips and cradling Steve’s face in his hands.  It was gentle, for just a moment, like Tony wanted it to be.  Then Steve opened his mouth and slid his tongue into Tony’s, then grabbed Tony’s shoulders and rolled until he was on top, his hips giving little abortive thrusts against Tony’s thigh.
“Yup,” Steve said.
“A collective of journalists, activists and politicians led by Mr. Jameson is calling for a Congressional investigation into all current and past Avengers activities,” another reporter says.  “Do you have anything to say in response to Mr. Jameson, who claims that this investigation will turn up a number of illegal and unethical actions dating back over fifteen years?”
The man shrugs.  “He pays pretty well.”
“Do you think maybe this whole thing is a bit... much?”
"You aren't sleeping at all," Tony says.  "Are you?"
“Bruce and Nat what?”
Then he noticed that the French doors were wide open, the curtains fluttering slightly in the breeze.  He knew there was only one person who could be out there, and it wasn’t like
The night before the morning of, Steve decided to cook everything in the fridge.
“And what if I hadn’t come back for you?”
Tony dug into the junk drawer for a corkscrew.  “I thought I’d be drinking these while I cried alone in the shower contemplating my imminent demise, but this is much better.  What are we celebrating?”
“Let’s go then!” Morgan says.
“I’m not going to tell him that,” Steve said.
Steve could tell what his words were doing to Tony and he liked that, too.
sure he’s not.  Even if he
He scribbles a quick note -
“Nah, I think I’ll walk.”
Five windows appeared on the holoscreen in front of him:
“You’re welcome to stay, I’m just gonna go back to, you know - ” and here Stark gestures around the cluttered work space, “all of this.  I’m serious about taking one of the cars out, though.  Next weekend?  I’ll teach you how to drive if you don’t know how.”
Steve stares at him.
- well, Tony had been about to say “not even Steve”, but apparently he was wrong because he’d barely even hit the hallway when Steve caught up to him.
“This is one of the top four most embarrassing moments of my life,” Steve said.  “The most embarrassing moment of my life was - ”
Steve swallows.  “Listen - ”
Steve’s eyes are bright, and Tony can tell by the way he’s holding himself tightly, all kinetic energy waiting to explode that he’s furious, and that - that’s not what Tony wants at all.
“Six,” Hogan says proudly.
Thor accidentally caused a lightning storm over Long Island.  Tony considered grounding him for it, but honestly, it was kind of cool.
"Your secret's safe with me, friend," Odinson says.  "Whiskey?"
“Hey, idiot,” Barnes says, and Tony’s already gone.
“Hey,” Tony said, affronted, “how does she know I was going to ask her to read
a dick,” Steve said.  “A lot of the time, yes, but not
“I’m looking,” Tony said, because it was somewhat
“I don’t - ”
“Oh,” Tony says.  “So does he not - you haven’t told him.”
“What if I took it off your hands?” Stark says.  “I’ll give you 10 g’s.  No clean-up tonight, and I’ll bring the place into line.  Plus 12 percent to you, right off the top, before expenses.”
around.”
One of the thugs behind Killian steps toward Stark, and what happens next is a blur: one second Stark's standing still, and then next his hand's up.  There's a
Steve thinks about Bruce’s black pupils, about Tony sitting in an empty house in the Hollywood Hills, about the birthday cake in Phnom Penh, and says, “Nope.”
“It’s going to make a statement, having the interview here,” Steve says.
“We missed four, actually,” Tony says.  “I didn’t know what you would want, I had a few options going, don’t worry about it, what’s good around here?”
A large blonde bartender sidles up to him, wiping out a glass.  "A drink?  Not that we have any," he says, and then laughs loudly at his own joke.
“Get out of here,” he growls at Natasha, and his voice is deep and rough and full of barely banked rage.  He pulls back his fist and catches the man in the jaw so hard he spits blood.  “I said
“Title of my sex tape,” Tony said.
“You stay here,” Tony said, heading for the door.  His brain was working very, very fast to come up with a scenario that did not result in Natasha removing at least one of his balls when she was back to normal.
“It must be tempting,” Steve said.  “To find out about the future, I mean.”
Steve frowned.  “I’m not like a dad.”
“Maybe his one night stand could bring a friend,” Tony says.
“Sorry, sorry, I’m listening, this is serious,” Peter says.
They all pointedly do not look at Natasha, who's staring at Bruce with her arms folded across her chest.
“It’s really something,” Steve agrees as Banner, Barton and Miss Romanov stride up.  “Is this Stark’s house?”
“Natasha set Thor’s hair on fire?” Tony said, impressed.
“Are you judging me right now?”
“Right,” Tony says.
“Well, we do,” Tony said, “but I feel like we have, I don’t know, thirty seconds or so.”
“I don’t think we know as much about Clint as we thought we did,” Tony said.  “Speaking of!  Clint, who’s your tiny soap vendor?”
“Wouldn’t have happened if they hadn’t started shooting weapons they didn’t know how to handle.”
“Hate to break it to you considering they’re all hideous, but yeah, they are.”
“Somebody told me.”
Tony shrugs.  “Good to get some fresh air.”
“It’s a whole lot smarter than going in with just your fists,” Clint says.
“Don’t sweat it,” Tony says when Peter comes over one night and asks, hesitantly, how he’s doing.  “I’ve been the media’s favorite on-again-off-again villain for thirty years, they’ll move on once the next news cycle hits.”
“Uh, we’re adding that to a future team meeting agenda for
was a conversation he was super excited about, but hell, it’s not like he had anything better to do, so he took his brimming glass out onto the veranda.
“There’s nothing wrong with them,” Tony said, getting out of the elevator on Nat and Clint’s floor.  “What I’m worried about is that something is a little too
“Sure,” Tony says.
“So, welcome to the quantum realm,” Tony said.  “You want the big tour, or should we just - ?  No, yeah, we should probably go.”
“So,” Tony says, “what you’re telling me is that we weren’t… the first.  To beat Thanos.”
Three hours later Tony texts Steve.
“I’m not drunk,” Bruce said, and immediately knocked over his wine glass.
“Has anybody seen my glasses?” Bruce said, frowning as he walked carefully into the room.
Steve takes a few long strides to catch up to Sitwell.  “Everything okay?”
make me feel better,” Tony said.
“I don’t feel guilty,” Tony says.  “I don’t - I didn’t - ”
There was a sudden, rushing silence.
“Not some things,” Tony said.
“Not this side of the 21st century.”
“Night,” Tony says, and hangs up.
“Don’t,” Tony says.
They watched a car trundle by on the street below.  Steve leaned into Tony’s shoulder; after a minute, he realized Tony was leaning back.
Morgan grins cheekily.  “Sorry.”
Steve groaned.  Against his will, he started stroking.
“You said he tried to hold your hand?” Bruce says.  “I feel like that’s not super ambiguous.  Wow, are you and Steve dating?  This is crazy!”
“Worried about the bad PR?” Tony says nastily.
And from the other seat in the quantum ship, Tony looked right back at him.
Steve squinted at him.
, and Steve would have fallen backwards if Stark hadn’t been right behind him.  “Get him the
paying enough attention, said, “Well, good luck with that.”
“So he knows?” Tony whispers.
Steve straightens his shirt and hangs his shield on his back calmly.  “Kind of sucks when somebody you care about does something stupid, right?”
He watches the guy in the helmet and the cape swoop and dive, his actions smooth and calculated.  He looks like somebody who’s used to flying, used to fighting, and Tony wonders where he came from.  Between Fury and Strange, wasn’t somebody supposed to be keeping track of all potential extraordinary types?  It’s not like new superheroes hadn’t come out of the woodwork over the years, but -
It’s not the most enthusiastic response to a dinner invite that Tony’s ever heard, but he’ll take it.  “Great.  8 o’clock.  See you then?”
“We know we can’t change the past,” Steve says.
Resigned, Steve sighs and climbs into the back seat of the car.
The mob looks pissed, and Steve looks tense, but he’s replying to them calmly even as the crowd grows more agitated and then - Tony flinches - and then somebody takes a swing, hits him right in the jaw and falls back rubbing their fist, but then somebody else swipes at him, and another, and somebody has a baseball bat, and the video shakes wildly and then goes black.
, he chides himself, not Stark - how’d that go and happen?  And anyway, it’s not so much that Tony is still there; this is Tony’s bed, after all.  It’s that
“Pepper’s always liked you,” Tony side-steps.
heard of it,” Pierce says, and the other agents laugh again.  One of them jabs the barrel of a pistol between Steve’s shoulderblades.  “Don’t even try to run off, son.  This’ll go much worse for your friends if you do.”
"I don't.  It's okay if you do, though."
“Um, yes,” Tony said.
“So SI releases his personnel file and we let that play out.  The DOJ has nothing. It’s not like it’s the first time somebody with a grudge has gone after you.”
, or maybe even
Before long they’re cruising down Broadway.  Steve’s ridden in a car before, quite a few times, but the interior of this one is the nicest he’s seen, all sleek metal and leather, and the driver’s gloves look fancier than anything Steve’s worn in his life.
“We can always make a new plate,” Natasha pointed out, settling in on the sofa.
“What do you think, Rogers?  You know her best.”
“Spare me the bullshit,” Tony says, and to Steve’s surprise he reaches out and pushes him, right up against the wall of the Quinjet.  “I don’t want to hear it.  Friday, where are we?”
Steve felt his spine go ramrod straight.  “What’s that supposed to mean.”
“It was in mine, I had to share, that’s the only way to make it go away.”
“Ancient history,” Tony said.  “Or rather, distant future.  Whatever.”
“She’s been dead for almost forty years,” Steve said.
“I came for your birthday,” Tony says.
"What do you think?" Steve shoots back, and Tony snorts.  It's another rule:
“Too bad I’m gonna blow it all up.”
“You think somebody’s trying to set us up.”
“That’s too bad,” Stark says.  “Because Rogers is interested.  Banner, too.”
“You think?” Steve said.  He blew out a breath, cocked a hip against the doorframe.  “It’s harder, being here.  Than I thought it would be.”
Steve looked down.  “Yeah, when I was 25.”
of this,” Tony shot back.
a friend.  I want to get him out.  I think he’s working for Blonsky’s outfit out of Harlem.”
“What it’s about is that I’m in love with you and I want you to live with me and I should probably have just said that instead of trying to decode your fucking dental hygiene habits,” Tony said.
When he called Fury to ask for advice, Fury laughed, hung up on him, called him back just to laugh some more, and then said, “If nobody’s dying, Stark, I really don’t care” and hung up again.
“Yup,” Clint said.  “You two figure your sexual tension stuff out?”
“You’ve all got a couple screws loose,” Clint says.
"Dr. Banner?" he says, sliding into the seat next to the man with the scruffy coat.
“Maybe you should have thought about that before you got drunk and naked,” Tony pointed out.
“I’m sure,” Steve said.  “I’ve wanted this for a long time and also I’m physically incapable of lying right now.”
“Well, I wouldn’t say it’s
Killian’s men laugh, and the one closest to her lifts his tommy gun a little; Natasha can sense Clint and Bruce tensing on either side of her.
“You have Hulk breath,” Tony said noncommittally.  “You only brush your teeth in your own bathroom, right?”
of rule-breaking.”
“This is really going to undermine your PSAs,” Natasha said.
“A lot,” Steve admitted, wincing as a gaping Stark Industries employee eased his way around the completely excessive, totally-edible gingerbread house in the middle of the lobby.  “And for the record, gingerbread is
“Whatever I want is a little complicated,” Steve said.
“Really?”
“Yeah,” Steve said.  “I probably should.”
“What with the red suit and the flying and all, it’s an easy mistake to make.”
too honest for his liking, so he nips at Steve, captures the other man’s lower lip between his teeth as if to punish him for forcing that from Tony’s mouth.  “Anything, what do you - ”
“So I guess you’ll have to win this round,” Tony said, and cupped Steve’s cheek in his hand.  “Congrats, Cap.”
“Morgan asked if he could come along, and she’s impossible to say no to,” Tony explains.  “He likes her.”
Tony blinked.
“Danvers seen it?  Could be aliens,” Tony says.
Steve doesn't hesitate; he slides out of the Hawk's reach and follows the man in the ridiculous hat to a table in the corner.
“Well, thanks for the update,” Tony said.  “Did you need something?”
He drops his shield in the hallway and is about to clear the labs when Tony steps right in front of him.
,” Tony grumbles.
“Stop lying,” the other man says calmly.  “You’re not going to save them with your bullshit, Rogers.  Now tell me: how many do you think she has back there?  I promised a lot of heads to a lot of people, son, and you know I never break a promise.  I don’t, do I?”
“No, you never do,” Aldrich Killian says lightly, and several other men chuckle.
“Like you and Ms. Potts,” Peter says.
Tony licks a stripe down Steve's cock, then slides his fingers out of Steve's ass and sits back on his heels.  "You know," he says, pushing Steve's legs open and yanking him forward by the hips, lining his cock up, "this would be so much easier if you just did as you were told.  What do you say?"
He picks up his hat and nods at Miss Romanov, who stares coolly back at him, and heads for the door.  “Yeah, you too, pal,” he hears Barton grumble, and he doesn’t look back.
“Secretary,” Miss Potts says, and winks.
“Well until you do, you just hang onto that thing,” Stark says.  “I mean, not
They’re celebrated as heroes, spend months turning down parades, but eventually - just like Tony knew they would - the questions start.
“Good luck with that, I won’t be able to get rid of these people til dawn,” Stark says.  He grabs two glasses of champagne from a passing waiter and presses one against Steve’s chest.  “I wasn’t sure you’d make it.”
“How long until you get here?”
“Oh, fuck yeah,” Clint said, disappearing almost immediately.
“No offense, but I’ve read your biography, and you got beat up a
"Ready to what?" Steve says.  "To tell you how useless you were in Wakanda?"
“If it weren’t for me,” Pierce says slowly, like he’s explaining to a child, “the darker elements of this city would overwhelm it.  The mobsters and the criminals, the drunks and the whores - they’d take over the whole damn thing.  And we don’t want that, do we?”
“Most days, I think,” Steve says.  “After Germany, Nat said you were training a sidekick, but what you actually wanted was a protege.  Seems like she was right.”
“Well,” someone says.  “Looks like we stumbled upon a quiet Friday night.  What a shame.”
The view is even more spectacular than it was at night.  The swimming pool glitters, and the lawn beyond it looks like it’d be real nice if it wasn’t littered with broken glass and left-behind shoes and confetti, and geez louise, when had
“Steve,” Tony said, and Steve woke up.
him, anybody could have followed him back to them, they could be -
“The old ones broke,” Steve said.
“Right,” Steve says.  He adjusts his trousers carefully and glances back into the room to see that Jarvis has gone.  “Well, I’d better go.”
“Yup.”
“I mean, I know it’s not like it was before, when I first met you guys - ”
“You said it, not me,” Tony said, and splashed Steve right in the face before he could get all moody-drunk about it.
Tony nods.  “That’s a fair request.  And on the friend thing, of course, you’re totally right, you and me, that was always crazy, even for us.  No hard feelings, give it a couple weeks and we’ll be right back to normal, probably driving each other up the wall just like we - ”
“That’s not possible,” Steve said.
“Right here,” Natasha says smoothly, appearing out of the smoke at his elbow and slashing at one of Killian’s men with a pocketknife as he lunges at her.  “I’m sincerely hoping you’re not about to tell me this is no place for a lady.”
And then there’s Rogers, Natasha thinks as she opens up an unlabeled bottle (moonshine, 140 proof, Clint likes to threaten to use it to clean the john) and pours a healthy glass.  A momentary hush falls over the Black Widow when he walks in, until Clint shakes his hand and the regulars chuckle and murmur to their friends that he looks like a lawman because he is one, but there’s nothing to worry about, he’s as crooked as the rest of them.
And that’s when the world goes dark.
,” Steve interrupts.  “This whole thing - i won’t work.”
Tony stilled.  “Um, in that case, maybe I should - ”
“I hope not,” Steve said, leaning against the doorway in normal-sized clothes.
Natasha looked amused as the boys fell into hysterics around her.  “Sorry.”
“I wanted the rules because I was scared,” Tony says.  “I was scared as
“You don’t get a vote because wine doesn’t get you drunk,” Tony said, poking a finger into Steve’s chest.
"Not at all," Stark says, backing away with his hands up.  "Just thought you might want to know, Banner."
“That’s what your angle is, huh?” Tony says.
“Not if I pay them to work overtime, excuse me,” Stark says, disappearing into the crowd.
“Let’s go down to the caves,” Natasha said.
“‘Scuse me?” Barton says.  “No offense, pal, but you’ll have to forgive us if we aren’t interested in working for the feds.”
“You gotta get out of here,” Bucky says.  “They’ll - we’ll
“This honesty thing really makes things easy,” Tony said, stumbling toward his room with Steve trailing behind him.  “We should have done this months ago.  I mean, if you were interested months ago, when did you first, uh, you know, start thinking about me in that way?”
wrong and sure, “the ends justify the means” isn’t anyone’s
“I could just get another job,” Steve argued, taking Natasha’s glass out of her hands for a sip.
“Right,” Bruce says.  “Anyway, we’re leaving in an hour from the tower.  No pressure.”
Steve clears his throat.  "I'll do it."
“You are unbelievable,” he babbled, watching his cock slide between Steve’s lips.  “Can’t believe you wanted this and never told me - you are
“Happy birthday, Cap,” Tony - another Tony - said.
that?  It sounded like a jet.  But there was no way -
“Pancakes it is,” Tony says.  “Can Daddy have five more minutes?  You can have Friday set an alarm.”
Steve sat back, closed his eyes.  “Can we not argue?”
“Oh,” Steve said.  “That’s - I’m sorry.”
A fist comes out of nowhere; lights burst in front of Steve’s eyes, and he slams into the wall.
“I didn’t think we were, you know,” Steve says.  “Telling people.”
“Yeah, when I’m
“Such confidence,” Tony said, settling himself at the table across from Steve.  “This is a game changer, right?  Man, people say dating long distance is tough, but dating from different points in the spacetime continuum, now
Then it’s the work of a few hours to get everything in place.  There are photos to doctor and paparazzos to tip off and bellmen to bribe, but by the late afternoon Twitter is abuzz with a rumor that Tony Stark has just been ejected from the casino floor at Borgata in Atlantic City for being drunk and disorderly.  Ten minutes later, some girl from exit 6 posts an Insta story featuring several blurry shots of a man who
They didn’t talk about it the next time Tony showed up, which was more proof (not that Steve needed any) that Tony was just a figment of his imagination.  The real Tony would never have let him live it down.
“Just tell me one thing,” Steve said.  “Did you mean it?”
“You’re not surprised?” Tony says.
“Not that I ever get anything wrong,” Tony said, stretching to press a kiss to Steve’s bottom lip.
“Nothing,” Tony says.  “You’re talking more than usual.”
“Is this really a good - oh, they’re gone,” Steve said, leaning back in his chair.  “You know, I really didn’t think, when we got out of Wakanda, that we’d been spending tonight doing… this.”
be happy, ever, because you failed.  It’s
“Yeah, but you’re -
, sure,” Tony said.  “
“Oh,” Steve said.  He looked back at the groceries.  “Yeah.  Can you eat?”
“Where’d you get that?” Steve asked.
It was just past noon the next day when JARVIS piped up, “Sir, I believe we may have a problem.”
“That’s not true,” Tony said.  “I never - well, okay, I probably said that a couple of times.”
And that’s when the first guy takes a swing.
was the boss,” Steve said, frowning.
“Great,” Steve said, and perched gently on the edge of his knee.  “Things going well today, Santa?”
It’s a hard catch but it holds, and Tony shoots toward the docks with one arm around Steve’s waist.  Steve doesn’t fight him, just grips his wrist and hangs there, and as Tony lands on top of a warehouse near the water he wants to shake him, wants to hit him, wants to
Friday pulls up a heat map overlay.  “Boss,” she says in his ear, “look at the - ”
a lot, I must be getting laid a
“Couldn’t quite hear you, Tony, what was that?” Steve said, even though they all knew he had perfect ears.  Perfect hearing.  Whatever, he was - perfect, or something.
“So anyway, I just want to make sure to say that I… I had a good time,” Steve said, looking up and holding Tony’s gaze.  “And if that’s all it ever is, then it was still a good time.  So thanks.”
planning to sleep the entire day, but sure, I can probably make it,” Stark says.
“Oh, no, I’m pretty sure I’m stuck with you guys,” Peter says.  “It’s just - well, it’s not always easy, right?  Being this, but also - normal.”
“Of course I can hear you,” Steve said, grabbing a towel and scrubbing his hair with it.  “You’re a figment of my imagination.”
“It’s blocking the street,” Happy said apologetically.
“No, I usually have to come twice to take the edge off,” Steve said, and winced.  “I’ve never told anyone that before.  Not even the doctors at SHIELD.”
much worse Tony was pretty sure he had a crush on him.
“I’m cutting you off,” Steve said, snatching the tortilla chips from Natasha.
Her first thought is that if only her joint was always this crowded, she wouldn’t have to keep such careful books.  The room’s full of goons, and front and center is the head goon himself, Aldrich Killian, flanked on one side by a kindly, smiling older gentleman whom Natasha assumes to be Pierce, and on the other by Rogers.  Rogers’ face is a careful blank, and Natasha notes that several of the men have their guns trained on
“Pardon me, miss, care for a dance?”
“You’ve got to be joking,” Tony said.  “Nobody thinks that.  For one thing, the beard is completely different.”
“Yeah?”
“It’s seven in the morning,” Steve said.  “And this isn’t a vacation, this is - ”
“Pretty sure it’s brand new, sir,” Natasha said, while Clint gave Tony a very enthusiastic thumbs up from behind her back.
Steve had nightmares.
“Look, Jonah,” Beck says, “I think anybody who knows Tony Stark knows he’s a genius - ”
“Aren’t you curious
“You are pretty jolly once in a while,” Natasha said slyly.
Steve holds very still.  Pierce’s gaze is level, and gives absolutely nothing away.  “Not much.  Couple operations out of Hoboken, last I heard, but I’ve never worked his case.”
to know the future she sure had a lot of pointed questions, and
“Did we miss a reservation?” Steve asks apologetically.
“Acceleration for Falcon,” Tony said.  “I hear he wants to go faster.”
He pulls her closer into his arms, swaying to the music as his breath ruffles the curls at the side of her crown. "I think I may have heard of it, once upon a time. They have it in Russia?"
In the glow of the sodium lights streaming through the threadbare curtain, Steve saw Tony perched on the edge of his bed.  “S’okay,” Steve said around a yawn.  “You’ve watched me sleep before.”
“Thanks,” Steve said, looking relieved.  “So, what are you working on?  That looks pretty - ”
Clint placed a hand over his eyes like a swooning damsel.  “Please, god, tell me I’m in a nightmare.”
Tony glances at him, then looks back at the party.  “She usually was.”
Tony pauses.  “Excuse me?”
Steve leaned closer to Tony, and Tony leaned closer too, automatically.  “Do you think it’s a bad idea?”
“No supersoldier hearing over here, Stars and Stripes, what - ”
“Oh,” Steve said.  “I’m sorry to hear that.”
By the time they pull up to the cabin in Pennsylvania, they’ve learned that Steve went to P.S. 3, that his best friend’s name is Sam, and that his favorite color is (shocker) blue, same as Morgan’s.  “Wanna come see my dollhouse?” Morgan asks as she clambers out of her booster seat.  “Me and Daddy built it together and it has an elevator Friday operates just like at the tower.”
“Drink while we wait?” Tony says, pulling out two glasses.
“Something like that,” Clint said.  “Bedrooms are up the stairs, kitchen’s in the back, and the wine cellar is officially open for business.”
The door swings open in answer.
“Do not worry about it,” Thor said, patting him on the shoulder kindly.
His phone dings again.
“Try telling him that,” Steve said with a snort.  “He thinks he can - ”
“What?” Tony said.
He waits, teasing just at Steve's edge, and Steve gives up with a groan.  "
“And too much of a responsible parent,” Nicola says, picking up a stray stuffed animal on Tony’s dresser and tossing at him.
The door opens slowly, and Strange peers out at him.  “Tony,” he says, warily.
“We’re not in love,” Tony says.  “We’re just…”
Sitwell grabs Steve by the arm and pulls him the rest of the way out of the car, and as Steve finds his footing the automobile carrying Pierce speeds away down the empty street.
“You’re doing a pretty good job of keeping things going yourself.”
Bruce and Natasha exchanged a glance.  “Not much.”
“Uh,” Barton says, “who the hell are you?”
“I’m assuming I don’t want to know what that means.”
From the very back of the Hot Topic, Thor, apparently hearing his name, looked up.  “Hello!” he said cheerfully.  “You’ve come to join us!”
“We were
“I meant I’m sorry if I made you uncomfortable.”
“So, the energy readings from this thing are weird, right?  Sure, that checks out, it’s supposed to be an elemental water monster, whatever, but the
“Yeah,” Tony says.  “And it’s robots, so - ”
“I’m thankful I only have to think of something I’m thankful for once a year,” Natasha said, and sat back proudly.
“Pardon?” Steve says disbelievingly.
“He has the power of the federal bureau of investigation behind him, he’s got every politician in the city in his pocket - ”
a marvel, all tightly-coiled muscle and intense focus and absolutely unbridled enthusiasm for the task at hand, and seeing all of that applied to
“You’re not really here.”
“Oh, I know,” Tony says.  “But I thought - well, without the shield, you’re - you deserve it, all right?  And they should know that.  Everybody should.”
“Nice night,” he commented as his eyes adjusted to the moonlight, and he blinked as Steve quickly shoved something into his pocket.
And that’s when Nick Fury said, “And all I wanted was some bacon.”
anymore, so that’s something.  Bruce, Brucie, I’m such a fan, I will invent a thousand fabrics for your beautiful green ass if you want me to, all you have to do is ask and you shall receive.  Clint, even though you’re an annoying son of a bitch sometimes, you cook a mean Thanksgiving dinner and I’m glad you did it, I actually am.  And Steve.  Oh, Steve.  What to say.  I should probably just say nothing, because if I’m not careful I’m going to start talking about how much I like Steve and
"We don't - can I rip these too? - we don't do this in New York."
?” Natasha said.
Natasha exchanges a look with Clint.
irritating.  “I don’t know.”
“Christmas, Thanksgiving, and all of our birthdays, just in case we mess up and erase the rest of the year from existence,” Clint said.
“I don’t think ‘offended’ is the word he’s looking for,” Clint said, and if Tony hadn’t desperately needed the towel at that moment for various coverage reasons, he would have thrown it at Clint’s face.
It’s fine with Tony, really.
Tony stares.  “I’m sorry,
“Unbelievable,” Steve murmurs as Hogan leads him past the other cars and into a sleek elevator.
, since when had Clint become a fucking - a fucking - what was the word - a
“Hi,” Tony said.  “Enjoying watching me sleep, weirdo?”
“Cap made pancakes,” Morgan comments helpfully.
“It works for most things,” Tony argues.
Tony flies backwards, toward the edge of the sphere of drones.  “Uh, considering we never talked about that, that’s impossible.”
of here,” Bucky says.  He pushes Steve,
“Nobody needed to tag back in.”
“That’s pretty bold coming from a guy in a cape,” Tony says.  “You got cocky, Beck.  Going on Jameson’s show was too obvious, it led me right to you.”
you,” Clint said.
the team.”
It’s the work of a few minutes to come up with a plan.
make me hard."
Tony nodded mutely, because he didn’t think he’d ever had a one night stand make him breakfast before.  Their chef, maybe.  He poured himself a cup of coffee and hunkered down at the counter with as much water as he could carry.  “How are
“That’s… specific,” Tony said.
“Take it back?” Steve mused.  “And go back to
“I bet you are,” Natasha says, gazing over his shoulder as Stark looks up sharply from the corner.  “So, you live around here?”
“You wouldn’t need to, because I’d never ask.”
“They know,” Natasha says firmly.  “He seems like the type who does his research.  They want
“Thanks for the offer,” Steve says, “but I don’t think I’ll take you up on it.”
Tony raps his fingers on the table.  “Hey, Friday, call Steve, will you?”
mistake, “listen - ”
Steve swiveled toward Bruce, clearly against his will.  “A few months ago some tourists got a picture of the Hulk completely naked and Tony destroyed the photos remotely and never told you.”
?” Bruce said.
“It won’t be a problem,” Natasha said smoothly.  “I’d rather make out with a warthog than any of these guys.”
“Can it,” Steve says out of the corner of his mouth.  “They’ll be here any second.”
“Still?”
“I am too,” Stark says.  “I want to see what Blonsky’s messing around with.”
“I’ll have to show up uninvited more often, then,” Tony said.  “Scoot over?”
“Ideas about how to stop the effects of a truth serum that SHIELD has always claimed didn’t exist?” Natasha said.  “Not at the moment.”
frozen.
Tony stares at the heat map.  It’s all electrical, he realizes.  It’s all
“Okay,” Steve said.  “If you’re sure.”
Natasha spins around with a smile.  The man with the gaping knife wound in his hand drags himself out of the front room, fiddling with a pistol.
“That’s right,” he says cautiously.  “And you’re Mr. Stark’s, uh - ”
“It’s called avoidant coping,” Tony said, draining his glass.  “Right, Bruce?”
Steve scratched the back of his neck.  “That was a joke.  I don’t think I could have pulled a whole balloon down by myself.”
“I’m too old for some of the types of good times we used to have,” Tony says, pulling on sweats and t-shirt.
It would solve a lot of Tony’s problems, he thinks, if
Clint snickered.
“Nope,” Steve says.  “Wrong floor.”
“I’m sorry,” Tony says, because he’s an adult and he’s trying to be better about this kind of thing, he really is.  “I should have talked to you, about the thing with Beck.  And I shouldn’t have jumped out of the plane when you called me on it.  That’s - there’s more to apologize for, I’ll think of it later, probably, but I really - I just want to say I’m sorry.  And that’s it.  That’s why I came, I wanted to make sure you knew about the universe thing, and about that.  And now that I’ve covered it, you can go back to never talking to me again.”
“Are you okay about Pepper?” Steve said, and immediately regretted it.
“Cap!”
“You’re the boss of all of us.  Even me, on a good day.”
“Comfort eating,” Tony mouths, and at the other end of the table Barnes chuckles.
Steve thinks about one of the years they were on the run, the time Natasha snuck ingredients back to their shitty apartment in Phnom Penh and Wanda baked a cake while Sam was asleep on the sofa and they woke him up singing Happy Birthday.  “Thought it was cats dying,” he’d grumbled, but they could tell he was happy, and they’d all had cake for dinner.
Natasha stills as she realizes that, without noticing, she has picked up Banner's hat. Damnit. Clint will have noticed that. She sets the hat back down, feeling the stillness behind her that means that Clint and Thor have both finished locking the doors and wiping down their counters, and are waiting on her to go. Natasha is suddenly, desperately antsy, as fractious as a teenager. She wants, badly, to be drunk; to be pummeled; to be locked in a barrel and thrown over a goddamnned waterfall. Anything to free her of thought, of caution; anything to be fifteen again, and as carefree and heartless as she was the day before she lost everything. She feels like she just might vibrate out of her skin if she has to control her face for one more moment--to pretend to be some man's property for one more moment.
“I don’t think the difference between 21 inches and 24 inches is meaningful, no.”
“Consider it a team bonding exercise,” Coulson said.  “Best of luck, Stark.”
The next thing Tony knows his head in is a toilet bowl.  A very expensive, state-of-the-art toilet bowl, sure, but still.
But Tony looked thrilled.  “Yes, I did.  I did!  You can feel me.  You can see me, you can hear me, and now you can feel me, this is huge, this is - ”
“Understood.”
Steve looked back at Tony.
“I’ll buy you a new one,” Stark says, starting on his buttons as the jacket falls to the fall.  “I’ll buy you ten new ones, god, I’ve wanted to get my hands on you since the first time we met - ”
“I can’t believe you’re doing this to me,” Tony whined.
“Thanks.”
“We don’t want to get in a shoot out with these fellas unless we have to,” Natasha says.
“Clint,” Natasha says, putting a hand on his arm.  “He’s dangerous.”
“Hi,” Steve says, standing stock still in the elevator.
" - but she appreciates it when she gets it," Stark says.  "And so do I."
Tony pinched the bridge of his nose.  “And are there any illicit substances in the air with them?”
“No you’re not,” Tony says, burrowing into the pillow.  “You hungry?”
“Shut up,” Tony mutters.
It shouldn't be funny but it is, and when Steve starts laughing Tony does too, and they barely remember to turn off the burner on their way to the bedroom.
of yelling and Peter may not be a kid anymore but Tony doesn’t need to expose him to
“I didn’t realize we had plans.”
"No, not really," the other man says.  "It doesn't tend to end well for anyone."
Tony leads them to a bedroom and spends a good thirty seconds figuring out Steve's belt, and Steve's settling in for what promises to be an enthusiastic if somewhat sloppy blow job when Tony holds up one finger, runs into the bathroom, and locks the door behind him.
In the dream, Tony was staring at him.
It is, in some indefinable way, very much an invitation.  And over the course of his life, Tony has had feelings about Steve along the entire spectrum - he’s idolized him and been irritated by him and been proud of him and hated him, it’s been
“ - even know who Tony Stark is?” Jameson’s saying.  “He
Tony turns off his phone and shoves it in a drawer.  He has more important things to worry about than what Steve wants.  Much more important things.
?" Barton says, rolling his eyes.
a first kiss isn’t considered good form.  Hey, are you okay?”
“Pizza delivery for the Star Spangled Man with a Plan,” Tony says.
“At sixteen?  I was going to college and trying to build a robot out of junker cars and hanging out with kids three years older than me.  Trying to get laid when you’re the youngest kid in the freshman class, not fun, can’t recommend.”
“So Peggy, what is it you do again?” Bob said.  “Steve mentioned you have a job, but he’s never said what it is.”
“Sure,” Tony says, and shoves his hands in his pockets.  “Next fundraiser, maybe - ”
“I didn’t raise you to question your elders,” Tony says grumpily.
“Give me a break, it’s
weird it is, but instead it’s just not weird at all, period.  “Okay, you have to stop with the hands and the mouth and all of it because I really do have to leave.  What are you doing tomorrow?”
Stark grins at him, and Steve finds himself grinning back before he can stop himself.  “At least if I crash it, you’ll have five more to spare.”
“Why don’t I get a vote?” Steve said, frowning.
“Totally fine, nothing important going on here,” Tony said.  “What’s up?”
“ - still a lot of questions,” Jameson is saying, “about what happened the day of the Blip.”
“Right,” Tony said as the click of heels just barely preceded Peggy, whirling around the corner.
"Just wrap it up nice and tight, it'll be fine," Steve says.  "Sorry for bleeding on your floor, Miss Romanov."
Fury shows up for their next team meeting even though - and Tony knows this for a
like forever, can we not waste that time talking about something that’s never going to happen?”
“I thought you said you’d rather make out with a warthog than any of us,” Steve said, folding his arms across his chest.
what he left in the basement.  Everybody having a good time?”
“Cap?” Stark says, flipping on the light.  “Come on in, nothing’s gonna explode.  Well.  Probably.”
“I very much doubt that,” Steve says, poking his head around a corner nosily.  “In fact, I can say with some certainty that - what the
There’s a
“Pretty bold coming from the guy who got us into this in the first place,” Steve said.
"Leaving so soon?"
“Swell,” Sitwell says, walking even faster.  “Just up ahead, now.”
"What," Steve starts, and then freezes as Aldrich Killian walks in the door.
"Quinjet," Tony says shortly.
become part of the night.  Steve can see acres of tree-dotted land in every direction, and in the distance, Long Island Sound.
“Boom!” Peter says.
Steve pulled himself to his full height, which was significantly less impressive than usual.  “I wanted to apologize for my behavior earlier.  It was unacceptable.  I’ll be apologizing to Clint, too.”
“Yeah,” Steve says, and he sounds tired.  “All right.”
“We’re responsible for Parker?” Sam says.  “I don’t remember signing to be a babysitter.”
“Why not?” Stark says.  “Seriously, explain to me why.”
But he’s too late: Stark’s armband goes off again, and this time a whole wall collapses right on top the nearest thug.
“Yeah?”
Peter points up, and Tony sees the Quinjet hovering above them.  “I thought we were coming to fight an elemental, but now I feel like I have no idea what’s going on.”
Bruce, who was dozing with his head propped up on his hand, straightened guiltily.  “I’m not that kind of doctor.”
is that?”
Tony clears his throat.  “So what changed?  I mean, why was another branch created?  Did somebody - ” Tony frowns.  “Did somebody go back in time and change something
He wonders what to make of Tony at all.  The man’s facing away from him, his back rising and falling gently with sleep.  He hadn’t kicked Steve out; heck, he’d asked him to stay.  He’d talked about
Three weeks after the raid gone wrong in Queens, Steve's flat on his back on a shag carpet on the floor of an apartment outside Chicago.  He's writhing against the mingled pleasure-pain of Tony, about to wring orgasm number three out of him, two fingers buried inside him and mouth wrapped loosely around the head of Steve's cock.
Nowadays, Peggy woke him up sometimes, but Peggy was gone a lot and when she was home she was usually exhausted, so Steve woke himself up, gulping for breath and even more tired than when he’d gone to sleep.
“I thought you said you were bringing bacon,” Clint called, coming down the hall behind Fury with Nat on his heels.
“I could make you yell if you want,” Tony says slyly.
Tony thunked his head on the table.  All the technology he’d invented and he still couldn’t recall texts on command.  What was the point of being a genius if you couldn’t even -
“Is that judgment I hear? That’s pretty rich, coming from the mistress of a gin joint,” Stark says.
“That’ll be all,” Pierce says, opening up a file on his desk and not sparing another glance for Steve.
“How do we know you’re good for what you say you are?” Vanko says, looking unimpressed.
because it means she has to leave.
"I'd prefer not to have to get rid of any bodies tonight, if you don't mind," Barton says, holding his hands out like he's calming a wild horse.
“Never,” Tony says, pouring himself a scotch.  “You’re a junior Avenger.  This is your life now.  Accept it.”
“Sure, but you could argue that with a company as large and diverse as Stark Industries, they have their hands in a lot of pies,” Jameson says, sounding very much like he has no intention of arguing that at all and only brings it up for the sake of a straw man.
Steve laughs and reaches for Stark’s undershirt, but Stark grabs his wrist.  “That stays on,” he says, and Steve loosens his grip.
“Home.”
“I mean, I don’t have any
Steve tries not to sigh.  "Some of us have work in the morning."
“I’d rather not hear too many of the details about that, if it’s all the same to you,” Rogers says.
Compared to all that, figuring out how to use the Kitchenaid mixer was honestly kind of pleasant.
"You don't drink?" Steve says, keeping his eyes straight ahead.
Strange studies him.  “I don’t think you’d enjoy knowing.”
"No, I imagine it’s probably not," Stark says.  "So is it his wartime service or the mob stuff?  Banner, I mean - which part are you interested in?"
Especially if Steve doesn’t want it too.  Which, considering he hasn’t called, probably means he doesn’t.
“Are you trying to make me ashamed of my sexuality?” Natasha said, the little
If by “the worst”, you mean “Steve ‘Somehow I Don’t Look Bloated The Day After Thanksgiving’ Rogers walked in.”
“I’ll get my helmet,” Natasha said.
"What took you so long?" she mumbles around the cigarette.
Steve clenched his fists.  A minute passed.  He wished, distantly, that he had the shield.
It was Tony’s first lesson in what happens when you walk straight into a teenager’s trap, but it would not be his last.  “No I cannot, because that’s illegal.”
Tony winces.  “Tough break.”
Tony Stark?”
“Well, it’s definitely not in your Smithsonian exhibit.”
“The thing is,” Tony says, “he’s kind of right.”
“Nobody had to, it’s you,” Wanda said dryly.
work wonders.  You might want to look into it, once it becomes a thing in a couple of years.”
“Buck?” Steve says, sounding groggy, and Tony freezes, grabs the door before it swings shut and turns on his heel.
He shoves his drink across the bar and picks up his hat.  Nobody looks up as he slides through the crowd, murmuring "pardon" as he squeezes past dancing couples and into the hallway.
Barnes clears his throat.  “What’s in the bag?”
“Ouch,” Tony says.
“Carter’s dream was to get
Steve grabs his shield off his back and spins, throws it at the side of a shipping container.  The container crumples like aluminum foil.  The police officers in the warehouse turn toward him, and Steve senses rather than sees weapons drawn on all sides.
Natasha showed up first.  Her hands were bright pink and scrubbed raw, and Steve could tell she’d been checking their weapons over and over since they’d wrapped their last pre-mission meeting.  She leaned in and sniffed at the potatoes he was mashing.
“It sucked,” Tony says.  “And the shittiest part is that I can’t promise I won’t do it again.  I want to but I - well, I try not to make promises I can’t keep.”
“I’m sorry, am I getting a lecture from the guy who actually invented time travel?” Steve said archly.  “Even for you, that’s pretty - ”
“Hang on a minute,” Banner says.  “I never said I was interested, I said you were crazy for even thinking about it.”
permanent residents,” Tony said, getting out of the elevator and making for Thor’s door.  It was closed, but the handle turned under Tony’s touch, so he took a deep breath and opened it.
“Exactly,” Tony says.  “Maybe we can go flying next week, what about the park today?”
The stones sit in their case in the center of Tony’s kitchen table, and nobody seems to want to look at them.  Bruce keeps his eyes down, his arm held protectively against his chest; Rhodey kicks his feet up on the table; Thor stands in the corner, looking out the window.
thing I wouldn’t mind under the tree this year.”
Steve leans back in his seat.  “I thought maybe we’d be able to dissolve the team,” he says.  “But it looks like - ”
“Not at all,” Tony said.  “As soon as you’re eighteen you can sleep with anybody in New York, hell, you can sleep with
Tony wasn’t shocked by either of those revelations, but he decided to keep his mouth shut.  “Me too.”
“Great question,” Mr. Stark says.  “Miss Potts keeps track of those things.  Miss Potts!”
your job at the library can’t pay to replace it,” Tony says.
.  “No offense, but this is
“There’s no rush, really,” Tony says as Steve snaps shut the suitcase full of the most powerful items in the universe, picks up Thor’s hammer (
her movies, and there’s something in the back of Tony’s head that makes him think this is a bad idea, but he can’t quite remember what it is right now.  He’ll probably figure it out in the morning.
“So that’s it,” Steve says.  “You’d rather blow it all up to try to take down some ex-employee with the extremely unique position of wanting to ruin your reputation.  You’d rather jump out of a
Steve’s still mulling over the conversation when he leaves the bureau just after nightfall.  Pierce has always kept close tabs on his agents, but it’s not against protocol to take a look at a file for a case you’re not on.  Steve’s so focused on trying to figure out what he’d done to tick off the old man that he doesn’t notice the black Chrysler parked in front of the office until the man leaning against it says, “Agent Rogers?”
“Want to,” Steve said, his voice raw.  “Anyway, it’s not like I have a gag reflex.  I want you to do whatever you want.”
“Good for him.  Is his friend hot?  I mean, is she smart and interesting and nice?  Because that’s what matters,” Tony says loudly, even though Morgan is definitely not paying attention.
Banner takes off his glasses and wipes them on his handkerchief.  “Well, I’ve already beaten one mob thug to a pulp this week, so I guess it’s in for a penny, in for a pound.”
“Must have missed that one,” Steve said innocently, collecting a few more plates and dropping them into the sink.
If you’d asked Steve a few weeks ago, he would have said that he thought they’d all be too nervous to eat that night.
Not that Tony’s surprised.  She always was the PR whiz, way better than Tony, who can’t spin his way out of a paper basket and doesn’t usually bother to try.  The most amazing thing about it is that every word of it is true:
Tony presses his lips together; he looks ready for another fight.  “Why not?”
Tony snatches his hand away and pulls out his phone.  “Work,” he lies, and the moment is over, and for the whole drive back to Manhattan Tony wishes it wasn’t.
“He’s not
“Probably,” Steve said.  “You’ll stay?”
“A lot of things,” Steve said.  “And nothing.  I thought we loved each other enough to get through it.”  He closed his eyes.  “Maybe we do.  I don’t know yet.”
Clint shrugged and went back to his breakfast.  “I wasn’t trying to give him a hard time.”
Sneaking up on the guy doesn’t go super well, and Tony is extra glad he made Steve a new shield because otherwise he would have been looking at a face full of tentacle, but three against one are tough odds even for enhanced mutant maniacs and it’s not long before they’re stuffing the guy and his remaining tentacles into the back of a police van.
“It was clear.”
Tony smothered a wince.  “Come on in.”
“Moping?”
“I brought booze,” Tony chimed in, and everybody raised their glasses in appreciation.
"You'll close up?" she says quietly.
“Not quite,” Steve says.  “I got shot at Cambrai.  I would have bled out, but the wound closed itself up before I got to a field hospital.  Still wasn’t much fun.”
isn’t in the history books, Tony thought.  “I don’t think we could’ve stopped them anyway.  I do not have any interest in seeing what happens if you interrupt Bruce in the act, if you know what I mean.  I get enough naked Hulk by day.”
“ - don’t know if you can forgive me but after this is over I’ll never bring it up aga - what?”
“I’m aware,” Bruce says quietly, and Steve advances on him, doesn’t quite crowd him but doesn’t leave him a lot of space to breathe either.
“Do you not brush your teeth like a normal person?”
Or rather, it
“Sorry,
much fun.”
“I placed a few well-timed wagers,” Steve said carefully.  “Las Vegas.  All perfectly legal.”
“I can imagine,” Bruce says.  “Have you considered talking to him about it?  I mean, I’m no relationship expert, but - ”
Steve chuckled ruefully.  “Not really.”
moment.  Or, at least it might be before Clint opens his mouth and says, “So whadda they got on you?”
Eventually, they settled on playing baseball in as close to a "normal" way as possible, for a given value of normal, and they agreed to mix up the teams every year so nobody
Steve shrugged.  “Are you surprised?”
“Rogers!”  Odinson careens out of the crowd and throws an arm around Steve’s shoulders.  “Hell of a party, isn’t it?”
“I love nachos,” Steve said.
Steve pauses halfway out of the door.  “Yes?”
“Well, I
“Well, he’s just a ray of sunshine, isn’t he,” Tony said.
Somehow Tony ended up purchasing sixteen things at Hot Topic, but it was a small price to pay to get them all out of the store and back down to the street.  Tony called Happy, but when the other man picked up he said, “Bad news, boss.  I’m stuck behind a puppy parade.”
it to keep ringing.  But he only wants one name to pop up.
“Honey, hang on,” Tony says quickly.  “He’s probably busy.  In fact, he might be working - ”
“Uh,” Tony said.  “What makes you say that?”
“There’s more wine in the kitchen,” Tony said.
“Yes, Tony,” Rhodey said patiently.  “I brush my teeth at home.”
"Miss Romanov - "
“I do remember,” Tony said, trying valiantly to ignore the idea of Steve naked because as nice as that was it definitely wasn’t helpful right now.  “Kind of.  Most of it, I think.  The important parts.”
“I mean
“I wouldn’t mind,” Tony said.
“He went out the back door,” Barton says, hands steady as he squeezes the trigger.
“Come on,” Stark says, and drags Steve toward the stairs.
“Thor went out the back way, he’s bringing the car around.  I left Banner collecting samples in the lab, he’ll be here any second.  You hear Stark’s gun go off?”
“Sure,” Steve says.  “Anytime.”
Steve looked uncertain.  “It just doesn’t seem like I really belong around here.”
“I did pretty much,” Morgan says.  “Want to drive to Pennsylvania with us?”
Something in his chest ached.  Tony had been gone for years.  It shouldn’t hurt this much.  It
“No, I was just - who were you talking to, sweetheart?” Peggy said, blinking at him from the doorway.
"Let me rephrase," the Hawk says.  "This ain't a request.  Stand up."
vivid imagination.”
Steve’s already waiting when he gets there, Wilson and Barnes hovering behind him.  It’s a little melodramatic, Tony thinks, coming to see him off when he’ll only be gone five seconds on their end.
"Oh yeah?  Well, last night's experiment didn't go so well."
“Well, she’d probably want to come without me,” Tony said.  “Seeing as how she moved back to Malibu a few months ago.”
Steve snorted.
“You wouldn’t have had to without me,” Tony says.
“Okay,” Tony said.  “Last warning.  I’m coming in.”  He waited, hoping against hope, and then thunked his head against the door.  “JARVIS, emergency override code Stark 49059 -
“Just me?” Steve said, surprised.  “Why?”
“Once in a while.”  Steve smiled.  “Sometimes it was a
“Look, Jonah, I think anybody who knows Tony Stark knows he’s a genius,” Beck says, which is an obnoxious thing to say because it’s true, and -
“You should be,” Tony said.
“Well, we’re not listening anymore,” Tony says.  “Hey, what do you want from Shake Shack?  Hopefully everything, because I already ordered it.  It’s called comfort eating and we’re doing it.”
“We actually aren’t - I guess we’re done,” Steve says as Tony opens the cupboard above the bar.  “Rhodey, Wanda, let’s regroup on Xandar tomorrow.”
“That’s different,” Tony says.  “I’m
I am going to reprogram all the doors in this house so they don't slam," announced Tony. "If I hear one more slammed door, you’re all in trouble!  Jesus Christ I can't take any more adolescence around here."
“He means me,” Banner says wearily.
"Free drinks tonight enough?" Romanov says.
Steve shrugged.  “What they do on their own time isn’t my business.  Besides, it can bring people together.  Team bonding and all.”
“Yeah, that’s fair.”
“You didn’t seem to mind at the time,” Steve retorted.
"Just a little accident," Natasha calls out soothingly.  She steps in front of Steve and meets his eyes.  "I need you to pull it together.  The optics of this are already pretty bad.  Do you want to make it worse?"
“Are you done with your math homework?”
The tactic works--he tightens his grip on her threefold, slamming into her violently now. "Were--you--now," he says, his voice rough.
with the team, you know?  Not like me.”
Rhodey’s been crashing at the penthouse for a few days, and he’s been making noise about taking Tony on vacation, Cabo or Monaco or Vegas (“They do divorce parties these days, you know, like a bachelor party but in reverse”).  Tony ignores him, mostly, works all night and mainlines coffee and watches the little heat signature that belongs to Morgan run around the backyard in Pennsylvania.  He probably would have missed the meeting if Bruce hadn’t come down to drag him out, literally, which Bruce can actually pull off these days, the big green meanie.
“Well, I would have just texted you an address, but you left your phone behind,” Tony says.  “Here it is, by the way.  And now that you have it, I guess I can get going.”
“Don’t get a big head about it, Stark,” Steve says.
“Thor, wanna race to see who can eat more breadsticks?” Clint said.
“What, nothing?  C’mon, Cap.  Spit it out, it’ll make you feel better.”
Stark runs a hand along the bannister.  “I don’t come out here much anymore.  It’s a shame to leave it empty, but - ”  He shrugs.  “Cellar’s a great place to store hooch, anyway.  Oh, hey, I have something for you.”
“You were a weird kid,” Steve said, nudging the console to the left.  “Back in my day, we would have been happy to have a cardboard box to play with.”
Steve’s eyes widen.
Steve raised an eyebrow.  “Clint’s butler is on your payroll?”
“Oh, you know,” Tony says.  “The usual.  Blowing shit up.  Sitting around waiting for bigger and better beings to tell us how to get revenge on the galaxy’s worst urban planner.  We had a Code Green the other day.”
Until.
“I mean, at least,” Tony breathed against Steve’s lips.
“Thanks for that,” Tony called after him as Steve waved over his shoulder and left and god, that
Steve spun around again.
Fifth floor is hers. It’s large enough to be divided into two apartments, if the occupants shared the lavatory, but Natasha likes her privacy, almost as much as she likes her security. There are three locks on the door. She undoes all three carefully, listening for creaks on the other side of the door, looking for a shadow punctuating the line of light that's there. Standing carefully to the side, she lets the door fall open.
“It sounded like it wasn’t a… bad dream,” Tony said.
Tony’s face fell, and Steve felt terrible, which was stupid, because Tony was in his
, a crowd of protestors, the kind of protestors who have started to think that all the cards in the post-Blip world are stacked against them.
Steve looked around Clint’s room, which was about halfway through the process of having every item in it covered in wrapping paper.  “You mean you think I should have bought more?”
Steve, who hasn’t bothered to put into words why he’s in South Dakota and isn’t particularly interested in trying, takes a sip of his beer.  “I know Hawaii exists.”
“So here’s the thing,” Tony said.  “I kind of want to kiss you again.  Not right now, because my mouth tastes like something out of Thor’s cookbook of nightmares, I’m pretty sure my teeth have
“Can’t see as I have much of a choice.”
Tony inched away.  “Bed.  Not together.  Maybe together.  I don’t know.”
"Nah, you look too good on your knees for that."
“Kind of ruins the whole idea when you find out he’s an asshole, huh?”
“Buck,” Steve says.
“Which means the whole thing’s fake.”
“We’re okay, right?” Steve said.
“It didn’t sound like a question you were interested in the answer to,” Tony says.
Steve shrugs.  "Guess we're even now."
“He’s fine,” Sam says.  “He’s fallen out of buildings, he can take a few swings.  They’re patching him up right now.”
“Maybe I just have more skin in the game than I used to, all right? The people I love - the people I care about usually end up paying a bigger price than they signed up for,” Tony says, soldiering on like if he talks fast enough they can both pretend they didn’t hear it.  “People like Beck, they’re not going to stop.”
“And I grew up to be an emotionally stunted adult, be glad we’re keeping you in the general vicinity of grade level.  Hey, question.  Did you happen to leave a toothbrush in my bathroom this weekend when you were here?”
“That’s what I figured,” Bruce sighs.
Steve and Tony both whirled around to see Clint and Natasha standing at the edge of the pool.
this guy, even?) and when he looks over and sees Tony staring at him he says, “What?”
Stark looks up at Steve and grins.  “That was almost as fun as sneaking into a mob command center.”
“She didn’t tell you?”
“Possibly,” JARVIS said, sounding sympathetic.
When Tony wakes up he’s in his own bed with a couple water bottles and a bottle of aspirin on the bedside table.  The Avengers grouptext is full of pictures from the night before.  There’s one of Bruce tossing empties for Wanda to float up to the ceiling, and one of Peter catching a Monet Barnes is throwing off the helipad, and one of Tony with one arm around Rhodey and the other around Steve, grinning like an idiot while they laugh at something (probably him).  Jeez.  Embarrassing.
“Somebody hit you?”
“Really,” Tony said disbelievingly.  “Tomorrow’s the end of the world, and you had nothing better to do than steam a bunch of broccoli?  You do know about Pornhub, right?”
“Lies, all of it,” Tony says, shoving a drink in Rhodey’s direction as Steve walks up to the bar.  “Hiya, Cap.  Can I get you anything?”
“It can’t make it any worse,” Tony says.
“I don’t think I have any meetings behind the bar, but can I offer you a 7-up?”
“Probably can’t say the same for most of your guests,” Steve murmurs, letting his hands skate down Tony’s sides.  “You sure know how to throw a party.”
“Oh, Cap,” Tony said, “we are gonna have
Tony gets push notifications about the geopolitical instability caused by presidents and ministers and kings who think they’re still in charge when the reappeared after five years, but he leaves the politics to T’Challa, doesn’t pay much attention until his phone rings late one night.
give a gift to every kid in the city, if you wanted to,” Bruce contributed, the back-stabbing son of a bitch.
“Seriously, what is the
“I’ll take it,” Stark says.  “So what do you think - ”
“J, open up the server,” Tony said, once the rest of the team was ostensibly in bed.  “I’m looking for that list of parts I ordered last week, no idea where I ordered it from, pull up my - hey, what are all these?”
“Yup,” Steve said.
“That’s two visits in a week from different organizations,” Rogers says.  “You sure there’s no cause for concern?”
“Dad, are you awake?”
“And it was good to see everybody,” Tony said.  “You know, in a casual way.  When we’re not actively planning a suicide mission.  So, thanks for that.  And, you know.  Other things.  A lot of other things.  Normally I would never say this because I don’t want to give you the satisfaction, but I couldn’t have done - well, a lot of things, without you.  We didn’t always get it right, but damn, when we did, it was pretty spectacular, right?”
"Somebody stabbed the cop," Miss Romanov says.
"With your meathead bartender."
“Yeah, hi,” Tony says.  “What’s up, can I help you guys out so you can get home to your kids?  That’s what I’m trying to do, by the way, so let’s make it quick - ”
Steve smirks.  “Well, if he didn’t know before he does now.  I think we left my shirt on the floor in the living room.”
“I’m still not saying I will,” Banner says.
Clint pulls the slip partly up as he kneels on the floor behind her, one hand now loosely tangled in hers, the restraint a matter of trust rather than force. He runs his fingers up the inside of her left thigh, making an appreciative noise when he gets to the top of the fawn silk stockings and encounters nothing but creamy white skin, framed by chocolate brown garters. His fingers just brush over her wet, red curls, then keep going down the inside of her right thigh, ending at her ankle, which he wraps warmly in his hand.
“I have an important question,” Tony said as soon as Rhodey picked up the phone.
“Having just one person to talk could get pretty boring.”
“Steve,” Tony said.  “Believe me.  You’re two peas in a pod with the guy who wears those clothes.  Just a little bit smaller.”
Stark’s standing in the middle of the room, fiddling with one of his God-forsaken armbands.  “You think I’d leave just when the party’s getting started?”
“So you’ll get me anything I need?” Clint said.
“It had to have taken you a while to set up this little stunt,” Steve snaps.  “So why weren’t we read in?”
“I’ve never claimed to be subtle,” Stark says.  He slides a hand down the front of Steve’s flies and grips him through the wool of his slacks, and Steve lets his head fall back with a choked-off groan.  “You don’t seem too angry with me.”
“I rest my case,” Tony said, and Bruce sighed, and Tony
,” Tony said, “that’s enough out of you, go to your room.”
“It’s just funny, hearing that come out of your mouth,” Steve said.  “You never would have told me to go easy on myself.  If anything, I never took
wanted to freeze, he wanted to freeze and then run down to his lab and invent a time machine and go back in time five minutes and stop himself from talking
“I can think of three ways off the top of my head,” Natasha said.  “Sorry, four.”
“Do you want to be with him?” Peter asks.
,” Tony said.
There’s a roar, and before Steve can blink Banner’s ripped the pistol from the man’s hands and thrown it across the room.  “Don’t even
, then.  What happened to the whole goody two shoes thing?"
“Really.  But don’t tell the other kids I said that.”
When Steve let himself in through the back door one hot summer night after one of his forays down to the water, Tony was waiting for him in the kitchen.
“Oh, god, I thought we agreed never to speak of this,” Tony groaned.
“Bringing somebody out of the quantum realm is a lot harder than going to space,” Bruce said.  “Bringing somebody
“Well, I told you to fuck off a while back, so how could you?”  Steve threw his keys down on the table and flopped down onto the fraying sofa.  “I thought I’d gotten rid of you, actually.”
“Right,” Tony says, but it’s not an answer at
, Tony was maybe a little drunk even by Stark Family Holiday standards because instead of getting ready for Steve to walk in the door Tony had just
“Night, Cap,” Tony said.
“Oh my god, you are a walking Greatest Generation stereotype,” Tony said.
Tony choked on a chip.  Coulson, to his credit, didn’t even blink.  “I don’t get involved with coworkers.  Even when they’re of age.”
“Brooklyn,” Rogers says.  “Born and raised.”
Vanko turns to one of his men.  “Get up there and see what’s going on.”  He turns back to Natasha with narrowed eyes.  “You were saying, miss?”
“What were you dreaming about?”
still sticking your nose into things that aren't your business?" Steve says coolly, taking a sip of his drink just for something to do.
with the alien?” Clint groaned.
There is a long silence.  Banner clears his throat.  "You know what?  I agree with you, in principle.  So here's a question.  Have you considered the possibility that
"Let's go to bed," Steve says, so they do.
“Plenty,” Natasha says.  “Thor and Banner?”
“Uh, no,” Clint said.  “But Edgar could probably make us a pizza.  With like, fresh dough.”
“I’d be last if they knew how many kills I have,” Natasha said with a smirk.
“Meet us around 6 at the Black Widow tomorrow night?” Barton says.
"Well, there’s a huge line,” Steve said, gesturing to the queue that wound through the room.  “Maybe if it slows down at some point - ”
“If something’s wrong with Natasha and Thor, I want to be there,” Steve said firmly, and his stubbornness was so endearing and also
“ - do what we’ve been planning to do,” Tony continues, like Steve hasn’t said a word.
And then there were the rules.  Not the rules of baseball - everyone pretty much agreed to the rules of baseball, except for Thor, who firmly refused to learn them and had eventually been booed off the field for running the bases backwards so many times that he decided to take on the role of commentator.  No, the problem with the rules in an
“I know,” Tony said.  “So.  You actually want to - ”
They all stare at each other, unmoving, because there’s no way - there’s
“You’re an Avenger too,” Peter points out.  “Maybe you could consider yourself our field office.”
“Unfair,” Steve grumbled, and elbowed him lazily.
Tony snorts.  “What, no backup projectors?  That’s pretty weak, if you’d asked me to come on as a consultant I could have told you - ”
"Hi."
, Jesus Christ.
think?” Tony says.
“Still does,” Tony says.  “Fruit snacks too, these days.  Friday, elevator for Miss Blake?”
“Shit,” he says, standing outside the door to Steve’s building.
“Sure,” Tony says, and he’s fine, really.  He thinks about how somewhere out there in the multiverse there’s probably a version of them quietly living out their lives in the cabin Pennsylvania.  It’s not
“Okay, I’m going to try to stop asking you questions because this just seems unfair,” Tony said.
The screen goes black.
“Absolutely nothing, hopefully,” Tony said.  “Guys?  I’m gonna need you to answer me.”
The kids - sorry, his
“Traitor,” Tony mutters.
Steve’s back on the platform, empty-handed.
Enough plates survived the juggling for each of them to claim one, and soon they were seated around a table piled so high with food that even Thor said, “I think we may have overdone it.”
Steve pulls the straps of the shield around his wrist, runs a finger around the edge.  “Thank you,” he says, looking up at Tony.
"Midnight already?" Natasha said mildly from across the room.
“Good,” she’d said, smiling at him with bloodshot eyes.  “That’s how he’d have wanted it.”
“I’m probably good,” Rhodey says, reaching for the glass in Tony’s hand.  “Maybe we should - ”
“I didn’t think so,” Pierce says.  “And we don’t know of any connections between Blonsky or Killian and Zemo, do we?”
“I know, I know, I wanted the rules too,” Tony says, holding his hands up in surrender.  “You know why I wanted them?”
“What happened?” Tony asked.  “With Peggy.”
“That’s because I’m the adult and you’re the kid,” Tony said.  “If I ever get turned into a teenager, you can make up as many rules as you want for me.  Bruce, can you please pass the salad?  Clint, elbows off the table, circus table manners don’t apply here.  Thor, slow down, buddy, it’s not going anywhere.”
thing to do.”
Tony freezes.
“I’m sorry, if anyone is making dumb drunk decisions tonight, it’s definitely you two.”
“They’re not
“Here we go,” Rhodey says.
“So the thing about that is that I can’t,” Tony said.  “Nobody else can hear me or see me or, um, anything else with me.”
But the biggest barrier to Steve becoming a better cook was that he liked the microwave.  He liked the microwave
“Where the hell is he going?” Stark yells, running around the corner with Rogers on his heels.
“Way ahead of you, Doc,” Clint says, grabbing the sack from him and stepping over the body on the floor.
“You’re not there, are you?” he says as soon as the call connects.
Steve tossed his book aside in defeat.  “Last night.”
And Steve turned back to the mess in the kitchen, took a deep breath, and... started loading the leftovers into tupperware.  Because, hey.  You never know.
“You could always let me finally build you a motorcycle that flies.”
Steve looks at him sharply.  “What’s that supposed to mean?”
They’re up the stairs, half-undressed, against the bedroom closet door, before the Harley’s engine stops pinging.
subconscious, after all.”
But that’s the thing about Tony: Tony’s
, because it means he’s going to break this too.
“Ignore him,” Pierce snaps, and Natasha smiles, because the night’s gotten away from him a little.  Killing some bootlegger dame in an off-the-books raid won’t raise many eyebrows, but Tony Stark turning up dead, now
“I’m sorry, did you want that underwater upgrade to your suit or not?  Because all this butting into things you don’t know anything about is going to get that moved right to the bottom of the priority list.”
Which should be
“If you’re referring to the x-rated version of the pottery scene from
He makes it all the way to the alley before he hears footsteps behind him, and he spins around to see Stark striding out of the back room of the deli.  "That was good, what you did down there," he says.  "Natasha doesn't need much help - "
“Want me to bring a newspaper from next year back to you?  Remind you who won the World Series?”
the age of consent in some states, so even if you are - ”
though?”
“What’s this one?” Bruce said, pausing outside a Hot Topic.
"Completely," Steve says.  The back of his neck burns under the fiery gaze of every single person in the joint.
“Damn it.”  Steve climbed carefully out of bed; Peggy barely shifted, and as he padded out of the bedroom and down the stairs, the apparition followed in his wake.
“Come on, nobody minds, do you, kids?” Tony called.  “He’ll just be a minute.  There you go, your turn, Cap!”
“Why are you here?”
“I’ve noticed you don’t really love to hit people until you have to,” Stark says.  “Which is a shame, because boy, when you do, it is
“I don’t know,” Tony said, and his Adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed.
“Because until like a year ago I thought it was going to be me and Pepper forever, so I’m clearly pretty bad at working this stuff out, right?  Better to get it over with and maybe go back to being slightly awkward friends.”
“Regularly, but I don’t think many of them celebrate it the way you’re suggesting,” Bruce said.
"Fridays always are.  It's funny how many folks care a little less about the Constitution after a long week," Barton says.  "Stark's at the same table as yesterday."
,” Steve said.  He leaned back and smirked, which was pretty bold of him considering his shirt was now seventeen sizes too small.  “Actually, it was pretty fun.”
Bruce shivers a little, but doesn’t miss a step.  “Maybe you should be less interested and more afraid.”
the time,” Tony said.  “When you’re in the shower I close my eyes, I promise.”
“Agree to disagree,” Coulson said as Clint came back, trailing chips behind him.
“No, Rogers, it isn’t,” Pierce says.  His voice is just as friendly as ever.
about the future.”
“Look,” Tony interrupted, “I’m sorry I made it weird, my bad, can we drop it now?”
He cuts himself off and frowns.
“Captain Rogers,” JARVIS said.
"You don't need to, trouble always finds me," Banner says.  He pulls his hat down so the brim blocks his eyes and heads for the door -
“You always have a choice, Agent Rogers,” Coulson says.  “But from what I can tell, you tend to make the right ones.”  He tips his hat at Natasha and heads for the door.  “I’ll be in touch.  Good luck with the repairs.”
“Right,” Tony said.  “How could I forget.”
They crawl into a bed with a heavy quilt that looks hand-made and Tony fucks him, clutches his hips so hard that Steve thinks there might still be bruises the next day.  Steve passes out immediately afterward, and when he wakes up in the afternoon Tony is sitting up in bed, still naked but engrossed in some kind of diagram on a StarkPad.  "You weren't sleeping when I texted you," Tony says, not looking up from the tablet.
“Well,” Tony said, “at this point I kind of thought we already were and I got used to the idea, so.”
“Okay, buddy,” Tony said.  He leaned back, away from Steve, until he was almost on the other end of the couch.  “Whatever you want.”
“He’s got a beautiful place in Connecticut with his new wife,” Nicola says, her smile bright and almost believable.  “Kid on the way.  I’ll be godmother, they say.”
“You don’t get a vote,” Natasha said, stealing her glass back.  “Open the pinot.”
blame for you.”
much smaller than his Project Rebirth file had indicated, who challenged Thor and his Steve’s-head-sized biceps for the last donut, who watched
“I can probably take a break for our fearless leader,” Tony said.
,” Tony said.  “But I’m guessing that’s not the only part you miss.”
“Do you want there to be?”
Steve gapes at the
“What happened to the British guy?” Nicola says, tilting her head at the ceiling.  “I liked him.”
Natasha drives a knife into the top of his hand.  His scream echoes through the building, just like Natasha wanted it to; now there are at least three hotspots.
“Girls,” Barton spits.  “They go after kids who show up in the city with nothin but a suitcase and a dream, offer ‘em jobs and places to stay, and then - ”  He shrugs, his face twisted.  “They’re moving a group of ‘em tomorrow night.  Out of state.  From there...”
"Yeah, all my PhDs were so much help against Thanos," Bruce says dryly, and they all wince, because it's not like Bruce's PhDs were any more or less useful than any of the rest of them, in the end.  "I'm serious.  I worked so hard for so long not to feel anything, and now I need somebody to hit me where it hurts.  I need somebody to hit me so hard I can't control myself."
“Not just at the moment, Ca - Steve.  Thor, do you think anyone from Asgard could help us out?”
“We don’t want any,” Sam calls out from a distance, but the front door buzzes open.
Morgan, who was nine going on nineteen, rolled her eyes.  “It’s just algebra, Dad.  At my age you were doing calculus.”
“It is,” Pierce says.  “And that’s exactly what I’m doing.  What
“Okay,” Steve said, “so - ”
"Thank you," Steve says gratefully.
break things, there has been a lot more breakage around here than I’m used to, which is weird considering normally I live with the Hulk - ”
Pepper takes a long, slow sip of coffee.  “Is it helping?”
“Like I said,” Tony says, and turns back to the party.
Tony snorts.  “Man, you must have it bad.”
you.”
“Somebody has to look after the place,” Natasha said, hefting her backpack and pushing past him.  “He rents it out to bachelorette parties and corporate retreats and rich guys looking for places to bring their mistresses and stuff.”
“Of course,” Steve said.  “I’ll make sure it’s all set up before you - ”
“You don’t have to stick around,” Tony says after Morgan runs off to take possession of the jungle gym, as is her due.  “Seriously, no offense, but she won’t even notice if you leave.”
fault.  And no matter what you do, you'll never outrun that.  You don't
“Sure, but I’m known for breaking all the rules,” Tony said.  “Speaking of - ”
They don't talk about it in New York.
“Am I going to have to dance on Dick Clark’s New Year’s Eve show?” Tony asked, resigned.  “Because if it’s that, I need to open another bottle of champagne
“I’m not
"Suit yourself," Stark says, and waves at Odinson for another drink.  "So, you still trying to get something out of Banner?"
, and Tony had nearly wept and immediately ordered enough sushi to feed all of Midtown.
was, I don’t hate you anymore,” Tony said.  “Which is a pretty big step, actually, because I did hate you, before.  When I met you.  You were pretty hateable.”
“Is this you judging me?  I feel like you’re judging me.”
“Asshole,” Clint said.
Tony goes, and when Steve opens his arms Tony melts into them, lips crashing together and hands tangling in hair and Tony doesn’t know when he started
“Yes,” Steve says immediately.  “All the time.”
“So what’s new around here?” Scott says cheerfully.  “I feel like it’s kind of lame being in California all by ourselves.  What if there’s some kind of west coast-based supervillain?”
“Boss?” Friday says.
“I know.”
“That’s funny, because you know what?” Tony said.  “Normally, you’re in charge.”
“I’m not sure I do.”
“I’m not sure how that’s relevant,” Steve says.
“Better than those neighbors you had over a few weeks ago for drinks,” Tony said.  “On top of being catastrophically boring, they were also pretty racist.”
And Steve was… perfectly blank.  A statue.  A marble Adonis at the dining room table.
“And that’s why I’d rather not get myself into it.”
“Well, believe me, I’m the expert in riding out bad press, and getting yourself beat up by a bunch of maniacs?  It’s not going to win you any sympathy.”
“Name’s Hogan, by the way,” the man says.  “Pleased to meet you, sorry for strong-arming you back there.”
“Mostly I thought you’d laugh at me,” Steve said.
“Jesus christ,” Tony said.  “Guys, we can’t have that.  Your adult selves will
Pepper listens patiently when he explains it to her, and suggests, not unkindly, that she keep Morgan in Pennsylvania through the weekend so she’s not exposed to the media frenzy outside Stark Tower.  Bruce makes him a smoothie and hangs around looking generally troubled.  Fury sends him a text that reads, ominously,
The room was as quiet as a room with teenagers in it could be, which Tony knew was not good news.  Well.  If you were one of the teenagers in question, it was
“Tony, I don’t want to cut all these kids,” Steve argued.
“So, never,” Rhodey translates.  “Tony’s incapable of retiring.  He actually invented time travel so he wouldn’t have to retire.”
Steve looks at him impassively.  “I can’t ask a question?”
Banner glances at him.  "I'm sorry to hear that, but I'm not sure what - "
“Come on, Tony,” Bruce says.  “Don’t let this disgruntled douchebag get in your head.”
