At the mention of me, River jumped up and ran to me, Sherlock's coat dragging behind her. She smashed into my legs and nearly bowled me over. I crouched down to her level and planted a kiss on her forehead.
We had just turned on Wall-E for Indie to watch when a doctor somberly came into the room and asked to speak with Sherlock and I.
"I know what children are, Sherlock, thank you. I just never thought you'd want them. You've never been the type to even let them come near you."
It had been 6 months since Indie had died, but to John, it felt like just yesterday. Before the girls were born, he and Sherlock had gone on several cases where children had been kidnapped or murdered. He would see the distraught parents and offer words of comfort that seemed so great to him at the time. But now, those words seemed to be so weak, so powerless, as they were repeated to him over and over.
"Ah John, this isn't quite the end of this party. If everyone could please direct their attention to the front doors, we have a final surprise for you, River and Indigo."
We tossed snowballs back and forth, our faces red from the cold wind, bellows of laughter and high pitched shrieks echoing out across London.
I bolted upright, quickly scanning the room for any signs of danger. Nothing seemed amiss, no broken objects, no further noises. I shook my head and rubbed my face with my hands. Nothing was worse than being startled awake. Light was peeking through the sheer white curtains; it was almost dawn then. My gray t-shirt was beginning to soak with sweat. Damn my nerves. Sherlock, of course, was sprawled out in bed next to me, face down in the pillow, and, of course, hadn't even stirred a little bit. I tossed the navy duvet off of me and nearly tumbled out of bed when I heard,
"Sherlock, pick her up, keep her head bent forward, I'll put pressure on her nose. Let's get them inside and warmed up, they're soaking wet now."
"But Papa, we already named her Miss Petunia," Indie said sadly, her puppy dog eyes staring at John.
A/N: Thank you to all who have read, reviewed, and followed/favorited this story. It means so much to me, really. Just a brief warning that this does contain a scene of child abuse, not too graphic, but could be triggered for some readers. Thank you all again and I hope you enjoy this next chapter of Rushing Waters.
We spent most of the night in that happy yellow room bordered by sunflowers, her paintings decorating the walls, her astronaut pajamas puddled on the floor, and memories of dress-up and stories, of dancing before breakfast and kisses goodnight sweeping over me.
3:49PM saw the world's only consulting detective fall to his knees, mouth agape, his arms falling to his side, with screams of a little girl and desperate shouts of a former soldier emanating from the phone he gripped in his right hand.
"River Grace, oh my darling River Grace, why did you come here? We were so worried! Here, darling, here's my scarf, you're so cold." He said, taking her quickly from Lestrade and kissing her multiple times on the cheek. Tears of relief threatened to escape from his ice blue eyes.
"Oh, Aunt Molly and I got you and Daddy one too!" She said, taking another jar from the bag and handing them to John.
"Unless I became the Tickle Monster!" I said, tickling River. Her face broke out into a wide smile and she squealed with laughter, leaping out of Sherlock's lap and running back to Mrs. Hudson.
"We did adding and subtracting today and it was very boring, but then we got to play with slime and I started to read a new book today! I brought it home, can we read it together?"
It had only been a few weeks since she left us. What was wrong with me, why couldn't I remember the damn song?
"You're the Princess Indie and I'm Princess River, and I've got to save you before you get to Heaven!" River happily exclaimed.
After ten minutes, the bleeding had stopped and we wiped the rest of the blood off of Indie's pale face and hands, changing her out of her dress.
They quickly ripped off their leggings and scrambled into their yellow rain jackets and green frog rainboots.
The last photo was of the girls standing with their backs to the camera holding each other's hand, their hair blown by a breeze that had come by. I stared at the photo much longer than the others, until I felt a large hand grab my own and gently tugged me away from the picture.
Sherlock's eyes shone with tears, threatening to spill over onto his pressed white shirt. He looked into his lap, his hands still holding John's. The tears spilled over and splashed onto the backs of their hands.
And that time continued to pass, Charlotte's 13th birthday coming and going, Christmas and New Year's, until John and Sherlock found themselves in the midst of the grey and cold London winter.
"Come, John, let's lie down, let's talk about the girls' party this weekend, we still have to decide on party favors for the guests and the last few presents for the girls. After all, our girls only turn six and a half once."
He turned and rummaged in his nightstand drawer and had four tickets in his hand. "We're going to the observatory on Saturday night, John, that way our Princess and Prime Minister can really see their new kingdom."
"I'm coming, Indigo, Papa's coming! Everything's going to be alright now!" I ran towards the small figure in the distance.
The girls nodded, faint disappointment apparent on their faces, and rushed back to the ocean, their fathers getting up and following close behind.
"River, sweetheart, I need to talk to you, come here, love. Come sit with Papa." I said, pulling myself up.
"Indigo Rose, shh, your sister is still sleeping," Sherlock said, glancing at the sleeping child curled on her side in the crib next to him.
The line cut off and I tucked my phone away, not even caring how he knew or what he had rigged in this flat.
Sherlock stood as still as a statue, eyes cast down, his shoulders slumped forward. He shuffled towards me and grabbed my hand, wordlessly pulling me towards the doctor.
Sherlock flew by him, stopping only to give him a kiss on the cheek. John blushed, he relished any show of affection from Sherlock. He had spent so many days and nights wishing for it, and now here he was, getting the kisses and love that he had only once dreamed of.
I placed the monitor back on the desk and went upstairs. I opened the door and was greeted with a smile and a weak wave from the little girl lying in her bed, legs tangled in her sheets.
"River Grace, my darling, it's so lovely to see you," Sherlock said, coming to his daughter and hugging her tightly.
We followed after her and spent the rest of the evening playing games, stopping once River began to yawn in my arms, her eyes drifting closed. After we had tucked her in for the night, Sherlock turned to go upstairs, but hesitated on the first step.
I nodded against his head, pressing my cheek against it. I glanced at the corner of the room, catching a glimpse of Indie twirling in her dance outfit and tutu.
I came out of our bedroom to find that Sherlock had disappeared ten minutes before the car was coming to take us to where we were having pictures done. Mrs. Hudson must've recognized the look on my face as my I'm going to wring Sherlock's neck when I find him face and promptly ushered the girls downstairs with promises of biscuits.
"You tell her the truth. You tell her sister the truth. Then, you fill their days with love and flowers, bubble baths and cuddles, games and parks, tea parties and tutus, coloring books and trips to the Moon. You wipe their tears and comfort their fears when they come. You give Indigo as normal of a life as you can, and you let her go when she's ready."
was emblazoned across the top of the book. We hadn't read this one since the girls were very small. Again my mind flashed back and I was sitting in a rocking chair, golden wisps of curls sat against my chest and tiny hands reached for the pages.
He ignored me and continued pulling the nightgown over her head. I dashed over to the bed and placed my hands on Sherlock's. The flurry of activity stopped.
"Goddamnit, Sherlock, talk to me! Say something! I want to help you, but you just shut me out. What about me? You've just left me on my own during the worst days of my life, is this what you meant when you promised to love me and comfort me when you put this bloody ring on my finger? And what about River? Do you think she can handle seeing you like this after everything she's been through?"
"This is ridiculous, John, I am perfectly healthy," Sherlock muttered as they waited for the doctor.
As soon as she landed, she flew off again, dodging Indie's outstretched hand by a millimeter. Soon, Indie bounced onto my lap.
I reached behind me to grab a towel when she began to cough violently. I turned around to find Indigo with a small trail of blood slowly coming out of the side of her mouth, the bubbles in front of her turned a sickening shade of red.
"She's still sleeping, it's still so early and I didn't want to wake her, she looked so peaceful," she said, dabbing at her eyes with a tissue.
"I found these scarves online and they're just like mine, but purple instead of blue. Do you like them, my loves?"
With Sherlock's dinner safely tucked away, we made our way out of the shop and back onto the street. Indie was being carried by Molly and was chatting away with her, telling her how excited she was for the party and how they are the only girls in their class who have ever had a six and a half birthday party. River sat on my shoulders, pointing out all of the things she saw on the street. Eventually, we reached the door to 221B and Molly said her goodbyes. A chorus of 'I love you, Aunt Molly!' followed her down the street as the girls clambered inside.
"Let's get you up to your bed, Indie, then you can take a nice nap. Don't want to be tired for dress shopping later."
I went upstairs and found Sherlock getting ready to go to Scotland Yard for his "birthday present," a stack of cold case files. The girls and I said our goodbyes to him before he left for Scotland Yard and he slipped out the front door with a smile and a wink, donning his black coat and blue scarf. River and Indie raced to the window to watch Sherlock as he disappeared from sight.
"I just wanted him to love me," Sherlock whispered, the heartbreak of that little boy betrayed so long ago evident in his voice.
"Let's go, River, time to get you to school!" I said cheerily, crossing the room and scooping her into my arms.
Sherlock gave the slightest smile and reached for John's hand, grasping the well-worn fingers in his. He loved holding John's hands. They were always so sure, always there for Sherlock.
"Make sure Daddy behaves, Indie, I'm counting on you to make sure he doesn't get into any trouble." John said with a laugh.
I looked at him, my husband, my partner, my friend, and saw the strange mixture of pain and happiness, of loss and hope that he had in his eyes.
"Nothing, Mrs. Hudson. Our Sunshine has a very bad sore throat this morning, can you put some lemon and honey into her tea?"
"Every flower that you see, every single one, is painted especially for you, by your own special angels."
The grilled cheeses were done and the soup was warm. "Girls, can you get Daddy for lunch? It's almost ready." They hopped off their stools and went into the front room, calling Sherlock for lunch. He still barely ate, but I made him at least pretend to eat when we were eating with River and Indie. I didn't want them to think it was okay to not eat. He usually took little nibbles of whatever we were eating and somehow hid the rest. Today though, he ate most of his meal. I raised my eyebrow at him, and he just shrugged at me.
"We're sorry they don't look like your pancakes, Papa!" River piped up from between Sherlock and I. "Yeah Papa, we tried to make them cook in the pans, but we couldn't get the pans to work!" Indie said, "but we made you cards! We left them in the living room, we didn't want to make them messy and icky!" Both girls' smiles beamed up at us and I couldn't help but chuckle. I glanced at Sherlock, who had a similar mask of amusement on his face.
"Oh…oh sweetheart, don't be scared," I said, running my hand along her damp curls, "Heaven is the loveliest place we can imagine, where the sun is always shining and there's so many flowers and any toy you can think of. You'll be able to run and dance again and go back to school. And you'll come to visit us, love, remember?"
I startled awake and glanced at the clock sitting next to me. The unmistakable '4:43' flashed back at me as I threw the covers over my head, willing Sherlock to just be quiet.
They seemed to struggle with the brass knob of our oak door, but eventually the door creaked open. More pitter patters and shushing. I felt a nudge on my side and heard a shout of "Good morning, Papa and Daddy!", so I slowly rolled over and yawned widely, making a big show of how they had "awoken" me. I felt Sherlock stir next to me and gently place his head on my shoulder.
Our guests applauded, Greg throwing in a few whistles. I turned to give the microphone back when Sherlock's voice echoed throughout the room.
"Thank you all for coming to celebrate River and Indigo's 6 and a half birthday. These girls are our world and Sherlock and I want to take every opportunity to celebrate them. It means so much to all of us that you came here tonight. Being their father has been the greatest privilege, the greatest honor, I have ever known. Thank you all again, from all of our hearts."
Last night, I had walked into a scene of organized chaos after fetching ingredients for a lovely roast. Indie was standing on the couch with a green bowl on her head and holding out what looked like a paper towel tube in her hand. Her turquoise short sleeved sweater dress hung to just above her knees and her black leggings bunched at her ankles meeting the edges of her yellow socks. Sunshine socks she called them. Meanwhile River was sprawled out on the floor in Sherlock's coat, with her eyes shut and tongue dramatically lolling out of her mouth, her limp hand with another paper towel tube in it. Sherlock sat in his chair reading the newspaper, the corners of his mouth tipped up in his sly smile.
"Be careful, we don't want you to fall off, then Papa really won't let me watch you by myself," he said, setting her back on the far side of the bed. She crawled towards him again, a bright smile lighting up her face. Sherlock laughed and played this game with her for a while, until she finally settled down.
"Go ahead and oversee everything, John, I'll sit with them until they get up." Sherlock said, settling into a chair in the corner of the room.
The time came for all those attending to get a turn looking in the massive telescope of the observatory. Luckily, it was a full moon and our girls could get the best view of their kingdom.
"It means perfect and you are both my perfect girls, the most beautiful, intelligent, and loving girls in this whole world."
It was then I saw the title of one of the papers on the floor. It was about Indie's illness. I picked it up and fell back into my chair. The article was printed 3 days ago. The corner of the papers was bent and torn and there were tears along the edge of the paper, as if someone was rapidly turning the pages. There was blotted ink on the pages where it looked like tears had fallen.
My shift at the clinic ended and I began my walk down the street to Huddington Elementary School to pick up River and Indie, it was their last day before autumn break and they both were terribly excited to have the next few days off. I smiled to myself as I thought of their itinerary for the upcoming break.
"You're doing everything you can for her, John, far more than I could ever hope to give her," he said softly, his blue-green eyes filled with sorrow.
It made his heart sink even further and the nausea build up inside of him. Sherlock was never terrified, even when facing down the barrel of a gun or the ticking of a bomb. John was not only terribly saddened, but enraged at whoever made his Sherlock, his superhero, cower in front of him like a frightened child.
Scribbles of bright colors decorated the paper. Four blue circles with blue lines for arms were lined up at the bottom of the page. The two smaller circle people stood in the middle with the two larger circle people on either side. Above the little family, was written in purple crayon, with several backwards letters, "Daddy. River. Indie. Papa. Family. Love." Tears again, formed in my eyes, when I heard a sound to my left like a tear hitting a piece of paper. I glanced over and saw a single wet track down my Sherlock's face. Sherlock, crying! I had only seen him cry three times before, when he returned after those two horrible years, at our wedding, and when the nurse presented our daughters to us.
I smiled and laughed at the memory of a flustered Sherlock, covered in baby powder, trying to tape down a nappy.
Sherlock and I talked for an hour or so about our plans for the party, his arms wrapped around me, until he got up and turned out the light and reminded me that today was Saturday and River had decided that she wanted to go roller-skating for our weekly trip.
I looked down at my beautiful girl. Her face had relaxed into a calm serenity, her hair lying neatly around her head. Her arms lay at her sides, fingernails painted a bright pink, the sleeves of her pajamas just a bit too long.
"Yes, and the flowers we see on our way to school, and in the schoolyard, all of them, painted by her."
We laid our heads next to hers, murmuring a lifetime's worth of words until her eyelids fluttered closed, her beautiful hazel eyes disappearing forever.
The sound of wheels rolling interrupted me and I saw the girls flying down the path into the front yard.
River sat on the floor, dressing her doll in a purple dress sparkling with silver glitter. She picked up another doll and began to play, swinging both dolls around in the air as if they were flying. She weaved a story about angels and princesses as she played, making her Papa smile behind the screen of his laptop.
"Well, what did you find, Mycroft, where are we going? America? Germany? Where?" Sherlock rattled off.
Sherlock said nothing. What could he say really? He couldn't say it was just a nightmare, that she would be alright and we'd never have to bury our little girl.
They buried John next to his Indigo Rose, underneath the willow tree that grew so green in the summer sun. River wheeled Sherlock close to the black granite that rose from the snow-white ground. He placed a single sunflower and a long-forgotten aluminum cane on the grave. River Grace and Charlotte Indigo stood quietly on either side of Sherlock, tears tracking down their reddened cheeks, their curls blowing in the harsh winter winds.
River and Indie had smiles on their faces and their arms around each other. Their eyes slowly closed together, ocean blue and hazel eyes meeting for the last time.
"We should also get new books for River, the ones she has are terribly dull. Dinosaurs and tacos? Honestly, that's the best educational material they can come up with?"
"I'll get it, my darling, just wait here with Grandpapa," Sherlock said, bounding back up the stairs.
I put my hand under her chin and picked her head up so that she was facing me, but her eyes avoided mine.
She smiled at me and River pulled her into the room, chattering about the level she had just beaten on her game.
"I don't believe we ever sent Mike Stamford a thank you letter for introducing us that day," Sherlock said, his long limbs crossing mine.
"I knew they were planning this. Given the date, it was obvious. I unplugged the stove and hid all the dangerous objects in our kitchen, yes, even the foot I had sitting in the freezer. Though I'd like you to know my experiment is utterly ruined now!"
It was a small gesture, but there nonetheless. The smile slowly left his face and his eyes avoided John's as he stooped to pick up the broken pieces of the mug.
"Where is she, Greg?" John's voice came through on the other end, he could hear the noisy street in the background.
Neither of us would sleep that night. We held each other's hands and whispered 'I love you' to each other, to the children in the bed beside us. We watched our girls sleep, their last night of peace drifting slowly by.
"Daddy, can I have a new room?" She had asked one night after she had calmed down from her nightmare.
"Fine, fine, you shut yourself off from the rest of the world and I'll just keep taking care of everything. Don't expect River or I to be here when you decide to be a husband and father again."
River was standing next to her sister, screaming bloody murder, blonde curls and limbs thrashing violently on the table. I pushed River toward Mrs. Keaton, "Take her to the car! Tell them we need to go to hospital right now!" Mrs. Keaton picked up River and ran towards the front door, River's screams echoing down the hall.
"Love you too, sweetheart." I watched as her eyes closed and her breathing evened out. I tiptoed to the door and went down the stairs. Sherlock looked at me, anxious eyes following my every move.
He looked up at me with the largest eyes I had ever seen. The intense fear that filled them made me take a couple steps backwards.
"My God Sherlock, we're putting them into fancy dresses and bows in their hair for a few pictures, not forcing them into boarding school or having them be raised by a nanny," I sat next to him and ran my fingers through his curls, "we have lots of candid photos of River and Indie, they'll know and whoever looks at those pictures will know who they were at 5 years old. Their spirits and personalities won't get lost because of a few fancy pictures. Besides, Indie loves dressing up nice anyway, she'll have a field day with these."
But soon after the games began, Indie's eyes began to droop closed, her wand no longer gripped tightly in her hand. The flat fell silent and the somber waiting resumed, every adult eye focused on the small girl in the white bed that was much too large for her, watching her chest rise and fall, rise and fall.
Two and a half minutes after it all began, it just as suddenly stopped. Indie began to cry, more blood and saliva pouring out of her mouth, mixing with the tears now streaming down her face, creating a spot of maroon on my khaki trousers. Her tired limbs hung limply and her breathing was shallow.
He harrumphed and sat with his arms crossed, sulking. I chuckled and picked up a well-worn magazine that sat on the table in front of us, mindlessly paging through it until we heard our names called.
My head spun, it was only last week when she said Indie had two more months. We had planned to see the new Disney movie coming out in April, I had already started tucking presents into two Easter baskets. We had plans, goddamnit, we had plans!
I opened my eyes and found myself on our sofa, a cold, wet flannel falling into my lap as I jolted upright. The hospital bed still sat in the room, tubes snaking across the floor, and bottles of medications sitting on the desk.
"WILLIAM!" His Daddy shouted as he began to stomp toward him. Sherlock was even more scared now, Daddy never called him that. He was always his little Sherlock. Despite the burning pain in his foot, Sherlock turned around quickly and ran as fast as his little legs could carry him, up the stairs, tracking blood the whole way.
"Dada! Grandpapa! I'm here!" Charlotte's voice echoed up the stairs as she ran up them and into the front room. She saw Sherlock sitting in his chair and hurried to him, wrapping her arms around him.
"Papa! Daddy! Come say goodbye!" Indie shouted from the edge of the ocean, seafoam wrapping around her ankles.
I gently carried her down the stairs and placed her on the sofa, wrapping her in the pink blanket I had tucked her and River in with at the hospital all those months ago. Jack jumped up and laid at her feet, his customary spot these days. River appeared in the kitchen doorway and ran to her sister, smothering her with hugs and kisses. Sherlock was a few steps behind, a smile plastered on his face for our little girl. He bent down and kissed her forehead, running his hand along her hair.
John took it into his hands and stared at it for a moment, before getting up and placing it next to the jar of sunflowers we kept on the mantle.
Whenever we had guests over, they would show them this picture and tell them they were "proper British ladies" and that someday their Uncle Mycroft would allow them to have tea with the Queen.
Greg placed his hand on my shoulder and whispered back, "Anytime, I'll spend the day with these angels anytime."
But she continued to smile, through every painful step, through every headache, through the chills that left her soaked through with cold sweat. She laughed as much as she could and she made us laugh too, with her silly jokes and funny dances. Oh, how she loved to dance.
They continued to talk with each other, River telling him everything else she deduced about the cashier. Sherlock's eyes shone with pride as he listened to our daughter, his smile never leaving his face.
"Maybe the extra time has given him a chance to solve this dreadfully simple case." He said, kissing us goodbye, before sweeping out the door and down the stairs.
After they ate, Sherlock put her raincoat on and helped her into her boots. The two men took her hands and were walking down the stairs when she began to shout that she had forgotten her beloved blanket.
He led them through the house. It was neat and tidy, the tan carpets looking as though they were barely walked on. They walked down a narrow hallway and came to the little boy's room. John took a deep breath before they headed in. Seeing kids like this never got any easier.
Instead, he got up and walked out the door. I quickly apologized to Lindsey and the tech and followed him. But, he had long gone.
John set the finished plates on the table and called for River to come for lunch. His brow furrowed when she did not appear in the doorway.
"Sea snails don't have higher cognition, John. They can't feel sadness or despair. Likely the stress of the new environment would lead to an inability to feed and thus, death."
"Did you now?" I looked at Sherlock, questioningly. He shrugged and strolled into the bedroom. "You'll have to tell me all about it when you're done with your nap." I told her, rocking her gently. Her breathing evened out as I rocked her and I laid her down on the sofa where Sherlock had been laying.
John, his face having taken a slightly grey hue, ran his hand over the head in his lap again and again, speechless at what Sherlock had just disclosed. They sat in John's chair like that for a long time, until he finally spoke.
Indigo, on the other hand, had sandy blonde hair like mine used to be that also fell in ringlets, just a little longer than River's, with bright hazel eyes from her mother (our surrogate, we can never repay that lovely, wonderful woman for what she gave to us.). Indie, as she's known, was wearing a light blue version of the nightgown her sister was wearing. Smudges of what appeared to be maple syrup were present on her sides, as though she had wiped her syrupy hands on her nightgown. Indie had chosen a bright orange polish for her fingers and toes during our makeovers last evening. She was our quiet thinker, with a heart of gold, always smiling, and never cross.
At seven months old, she handed me her favorite rattle after I had come home particularly frustrated from a case, at two years old her first sentence was 'I love you,' for the two years she danced she practiced and practiced her tap dance for class until she was absolute perfection, and for her entire life, she always put others before herself.
John and I held each other for a few minutes more, before returning hand in hand to the front room to say our goodbyes to Molly.
We picked a fine selection of books to read and settled down on the floor of pillows and extra blankets. A little lantern provided light for us in the fort, the soft orange glow of the fireplace peeking in through the opening. The girls sat in my lap with my arms wrapped around them.
But we had no reason for why her sister was dying. It was a cruel hand of fate, dealt at random to our beautiful little girl. There was no logic, there was no understanding. It just was.
"Well that's what I want to be, and I already read lots of books about it so I think I'm ready." She said proudly.
The walls were painted a soft yellow with a border of yellow sunflowers. White curtains were shut over the window and a plush light gray carpet lay between the two beds over the dark hardwood. The girls' furniture was also a light gray color. Each girl had their own bookshelf that we had filled with books and other trinkets. A table for arts and crafts sat underneath the window. They had a shared toybox and dollhouse at the other end of their room. The walls were decorated with drawings done by the girls and posters of Disney Princesses and, more recently, space-themed posters. Sherlock had also added a periodic table to the wall ('They can never start learning too early, John,' he replied when I saw him tacking it to the wall.)
He dashed into her bedroom, into his and Sherlock's room, into the bathroom, opening and slamming doors in an increasing panic. Finally, he ran down the stairs and stood, face drained of color, gawking at the open front door. He ran out onto the steps, frantically looking around for his daughter.
"Let's go wake up your sister, Indie, I'll bet she'll be surprised to see you waking her up this time!"
She nodded her head and held her arms out to me. I stood and picked her up, cradling her against me. It took less of my strength to pick her up each day as my little girl seemed to fade away before my very eyes. It was absolutely heart breaking. I had never hated anyone or anything so strongly as I did those cancerous cells that were sapping the life out of my Sunshine.
"Girls, can Daddy and I sit down with you for a moment? We have something very important to talk with you about."
She nodded her head and we made our way back inside. Mycroft had already procured new outfits for the girls. Sherlock got River cleaned up and out of her dress and into the jumper and jeans Mycroft had gotten. She had calmed down a bit and was sitting wide eyed in Molly's lap.
My heart sped up, my limbs began to tingle, only Sherlock Holmes could get a man to turn to mush with just a wink.
"I so enjoy seeing you blush, John," Sherlock said in his deep baritone, flashing his wonderful, smug half-smile. John laughed, tracing his fingers across the back of Sherlock's hand.
"I think it'll be alright if you write about more than one, lovebug, she'll love to read all of your happy memories!"
"John, I want to keep the snail. Many experiments could be done, the diet of a sea snail, the social behaviors of sea snails with other aquatic life, the possibilities are endless," Sherlock whined.
"Uncle Mycroft! Where were you?" Indie yelled from her spot on the floor where she sat with her sister and Jack.
He was even more devoted to the girls than he was before Indie became ill. He came to the flat every other day, usually toting along some sweets or toy for the girls and often stayed for at least an hour to play with them or read with them. On weekends, he would take the girls wherever they wanted to go, alternating who got to pick the destination each week. Sherlock and I would often come along on these trips and I had a pile of pictures stacked on the desk from these weekends. Photography had become somewhat of a therapy for me, I suppose.
"Ah yes, water is quite dull, Sunshine. How about we get you a popsicle from the freezer, would you like that, darling?"
He stood in the doorway, impeccably dressed as always in a gray and blue suit, silver watch chain disappearing into his pocket.
I gently placed a kiss on the top of his head and said, "Let's go love, we should go back to Indie." I stood up, gently tugging him with me, but he stayed glued to the spot.
"Sherlock, what is all this? You ran out of there like you had seen a ghost and now suddenly we have the entire Babies R Us in our living room," I finally said, managing to get to my chair.
They spent the evening playing Cluedo in front of the fire, mugs of tea sitting beside them all, John becoming terribly frustrated with both of their insistences that the victim had planned his own murder.
We fell into silence then, my hand running across his prominent ribs, his hand running through my increasingly greying hair, the tolls of the war we had lost.
Sherlock and I sat in front of the fire after she had gone to sleep and flipped through the photo albums I had made, smiling at the picture of the girls with cake and icing slathered in their hair at their first birthday, laughing at the picture of Indie dressed in Mrs. Hudson's old dress with her high heels on and strings of pearls hanging from her neck, and weeping at the last picture we took with her, her pale face and sunken eyes nearly hidden by the beaming smile she held onto until the day she died.
When it was decided that Indie was to sleep in the bed downstairs, River had screamed and screamed that she didn't want to be alone. With John and I so occupied for the night and barely sleeping ourselves, Mrs. Hudson offered to take River each night. River happily agreed to this arrangement and so she would fall asleep with Indie and John or I would carry her down each night, tucking her into those ghastly floral bedclothes Mrs. Hudson had on her bed.
Her sweet face broke into a smile, showing the gaps that adult teeth would never fill. She and River had lost their first teeth at the same time, John teaching me the frankly ridiculous myth of the 'Tooth Fairy.' But when River and Indigo came running down the stairs, toothless smiles beaming and holding fivers proudly in their hands, it didn't seem so ridiculous after all.
Sherlock and I tucked her and River in that night, her cheeks still red from the cold and wind, her laughter ringing out and cries of 'Daddy, do it again!' as Sherlock did the 'funny' voices in their story. We shut their door and I looked up at Sherlock, his eyes shining with the same euphoria that I felt.
"I am the happiest man in the world right now. My baby is having a baby," he said, placing his hand on her stomach.
During the next few days, Sherlock became more quiet, more withdrawn, clinging to Indie more. Even River, our firecracker, settled down and preferred tea parties or playing baby dolls with Indie than dissecting worms with her Daddy or running around the park with me. I knew both of them had figured out something I could not yet see and I had never been more frightened in my life. I had only approached the subject once since I noticed Sherlock acting strangely and that was met with a glare and deafening silence.
"It happened with increasing frequency, every one of my limbs had been broken by the age of eleven. My nose broken countless times, even a skull fracture at one point. All hidden and explained away. We went to different hospitals, bribes were given, all of them sent me back to that hell. My father was found face down in our pond when I was thirteen. It was assumed that he had drowned while in one of his drunken states, I was just glad to be finally rid of his torment. My mother was obviously under the same regime, she died in my arms not long after from all the trauma that she had suffered for years. Mycroft never knew the extent of the abuse, he had other business to attend to. Far more important than his mother and younger brother," Sherlock spat out the last sentence with all the disgust he had.
Maybe if I would have looked closer, I could've seen the subtly worsening blue shadows underneath her eyes, the increasing pallor of her skin. Maybe, just maybe, I could've helped her sooner.
I stepped inside the bathroom and shut the door, the tile cold on my bare feet. I glanced at the sink and saw her toothbrush still sitting in the little cup on the counter next to River's.
"John? My darlings, I'm home, your Uncle Graham is here too, I don't know why he insisted upon coming up with…"
"Because Katie's Dad had leukemia and she told me he went to heaven, that's where angels go right? I have leukemia too, but I don't want to go, Daddy. Papa, I don't want to go."
"Well Papa, since Indie loves the Moon and space so much, I decided we need to go there, and Indie is practicing becoming Princess of the Moon."
"Our little dancer, twirling across the stars," he paused for a moment before continuing, "I understand now why the world's majority believes in an afterlife, the possibility of seeing her again brings immense comfort to me."
Lestrade nodded his head and sighed, "We figured as much. The poor kid doesn't look like he just fell out of bed." After a long pause he added absentmindedly, "He kind of looks like Sherlock, doesn't he."
I cannot imagine a life without her blonde curls bouncing as she told me about her day, feeling her wrap her arms around me, or hearing her tell me she loves me, yet here I am in this horrible reality, eulogizing my darling little girl who has left this Earth. And we will inevitably move forward, forced to by time, drudging through life without our Indigo Rose, and it will make us so physically ill at times that we cannot get up in the morning, or go to sleep at night. The only reason I get up now is for you, my darling River and John, my beloved husband, the man who has always kept me right.
"I don't know why we have to go to the estate every Christmas, we could have a fine dinner here, John." Sherlock said.
"It isn't enough!" I said with a painful cry as I bent into myself, tears continuing to pour from my eyes.
"Daddy, Papa, will it hurt to go to heaven?" Indie finally hiccuped out as she calmed down enough to speak.
We arrived at the observatory a few minutes later and were led to a large auditorium with velvet red curtains on the stage and red cushioned seats to match. We took our seats in the front row, the girls sitting between Sherlock and I. The director gave a very nice presentation on the solar system, constellations visible tonight, and the meteor shower that was happening. The girls were happy with the videos the woman was showing and Sherlock sat as still as a statue, soaking up all the information that he had apparently deleted back in primary school.
I tucked Indie into her bed, thankfully she was already in her pajamas. I only had to take her tutu off so the fabric wouldn't be crushed while she slept. Sherlock laid River, Wonder Woman costume and all, under her blue polka-dotted bedcovers and tucked her in. We kissed each of them on the forehead and turned on the nightlight that was plugged in near the door.
We gathered up the papers into a folder and placed it in on our bedroom dresser. We fell into bed to get whatever sleep we could manage before the girls woke up.
"Yeah, it was a bit chilly in here," I said. I silently mouthed 'thank you' to him. He nodded his head and turned back into the kitchen.
"River!" I yelled into the sea of people on the sidewalk, looking to see if I could see her in the crowd.
Indie popped her head off his shoulder and immediately his face brightened, putting on a smile that was meant only for her.
"Thank you, John, for teaching me how to love, for giving me the family I never thought I wanted, for being my best friend, for being everything. I'll be with you soon, I promise." Sherlock whispered.
The doors were thrown open and a little fawn pug ran into the room, barking madly, charging towards us.
"I'd like that, Papa. Me and Indie laughed all the time. She was so funny. My favorite things to do with her were play and laugh. I thought we could do that forever."
"Daddy's going to have the best…!" She yelled excitedly before I quickly put my hand over her lips, shushing her.
"Sherlock, let it be, if she wants to read about dinosaurs and tacos, let her. She won't be this little forever." I said.
I miss you, my Indigo Rose. I often wonder what you would be doing now, something amazing and brilliant I have no doubt. Papa and I have kept your pictures up, although our hearts are always broken when someone asks where you are, why your graduation picture isn't next to your sister's, why are you are seemingly frozen at six years old. Then we explain to them and I see the pity and shock cross their face and I can already hear the "oh, I'm so sorry," coming from their mouths. I always push these clients out faster, earning a disapproving look from your Papa, but it does not matter to me. I cannot tolerate their pity and their sorrow, it is too little for how great of a loss you were to us.
They were a bright hazel, just the same shade as Indigo had. "The most beautiful eyes in the world," Sherlock would say about his granddaughter, scooping her up into his arms and snuggling her next to him as he went through a case or his newest experiment. John took her on his outings, making sure she was well-bundled against the cold winds of London.
"Indie, sweetheart, it's alright, it'll stop soon. I know it's scary, but I promise it'll be okay, just keep your head bent forward." I said to her.
"You and Daddy went out of the room a lot, you both look so sad, Uncle Mycroft looked sad, all of the doctors looked sad. I'm very sick, aren't I, Papa and Daddy?"
We went back to the room and said hello to Lindsey. She was the sweetest and kindest woman I had met and we were both thankful for her willingness to help bring our children into this world. We sat and watched as the ultrasound images were brought up and we saw those two lovely little beating hearts.
"Don't worry, our girl just had an accident in gym and sprained her ankle, she'll be in tip top shape in no time," I said and Indie interjected, "I'll be fine, Daddy, it feels much better!"
"She was the only one who believed in me and the only person I truly loved, before you came along of course. I was her Sherlock and she was my Mummy." He said to me as I approached.
"Probably a Chinese food chef because you and Daddy love it so much. And then at night, I'll be a detective just like Daddy, catching all the bad people!" River said happily.
All we could was stare at each other, alarms and the smell of bleach around us, welcoming us to this new world we were now a part of.
"I think I bumped it on my desk, but it didn't hurt at all. Is it bad, Papa?" She said, her little brows raised in worry.
She lay in a small white coffin clothed in a light pink dress, her beautiful face peaceful and serene. That morning, I had placed her violin with her, its strings barely played, and tucked her soft pink blanket in with her. John had placed her silver locket on her chest and a sunflower in her hands. River set a card in the coffin, two little girls enclosed in a heart drawn on the front.
The tears came in full force and I held my head in my hands, trying to stem the flow. Sherlock's hand wrenched mine from my eyes, tears splattering onto his sleeve.
"Well, Indigo has a very rare leukemia, it is aggressive and it is rarely put into remission. It holds an average 6 month survival rate for children even with treatment…"
He washed her and dressed her, brushing her wet curls down on her head with the girls' soft baby brush. She began to yawn and rubbed her eyes.
"Alright, darling, it's alright, Daddy's here." Sherlock soothed. He picked her up and bounced her, rubbing his hand up and down her back as he gathered what he needed to change her.
"Yes she did. She loved so many things, including this little bear. Now, can you promise me something?" John said.
The atmosphere of dinner, however, was much more cheerful. They ate in between laughter and talked about the happy memories they had in this flat. Even Sherlock's lips quirked after a joke that Michael made.
"Yes, Daddy, I've got to sleep in my new bed!" She said with a laugh, jumping up and running into my former study, her new room.
"Don't be frightened, my darling, Papa and I will be here with you the entire time. We'll be right here, we'll never leave, I promise." Sherlock said, his lips trembling.
And just like that it was Christmas Eve. The flat had been draped with garland and tinsel and lights in every possible nook and cranny. A small tree sat in the corner of the room, with most of the ornaments ending just at the height of two little girls. Smells of hot chocolate and freshly baked cookies came up from where the girls were baking with Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock and I sat in our chairs, typing away on our respective laptops.
"You're torturing yourself, Sherlock, promise me you'll stop this. You need to stay healthy, for her, for our little girl. Please, Sherlock, for us, please stop."
I shut the door and followed the man who was many things; an arrogant genius, a self-proclaimed sociopath, and the best husband and father I could have ever dream of having for me and my girls.
I stacked the girls' presents according to category and size, as I do every year. John's presents sat to the left of them. John was sitting in his chair, snacking on the cookies and milk we had left out. He better have left the ginger nuts for me.
I stood up and touched my lip. It was a bit swollen and stung, but it had already stopped bleeding. Ascending the stairs quietly, I stepped into the girls' room and went over to Indie, who was still sleeping, tucked beneath her rose covered blankets.
I thought about that room, all the memories that lay within it, and was almost glad that she had asked to move out of it, so that we could leave it locked away upstairs. It was selfish of me, but I could hardly bear going into the room where having two of everything was now so unnecessary, the room where we had all been so happy. I had made my peace with the mocking yellow walls that had watched Indie's life and did not wish to return.
He appeared in the doorway, his eyes widening at the sight of Indigo. He came in, shutting the door behind him, leaving just a crack so we could hear into the kitchen.
I found him sitting in his armchair, papers strewn all about him, tears pouring from his eyes. He didn't budge when I entered the room and wouldn't even flinch when I waved my hand in front of his face.
River began to toss and turn and I went to her side and laid down next to her, waiting for her to fully wake up.
River sat on the other side of the room in my chair, drawing on a piece of paper and swinging her legs. Jack lay beneath her, snoring.
She and Michael came through the front door, River walking over to her father for a hug. Michael stood in the doorway, a soft smile on his face.
She was a delightful child, bringing light and life back to 221B, brightening the walls with her colorful drawings and her brilliant smile.
Sherlock rested his head against John's shoulder, his breath soon evening out. John wrapped the covers around himself and River and placed his head on Sherlock's, the exhaustion of travel quickly overcoming him.
"What is it, Sherlock, there better be some emergency going on to wake me up like this," I grumbled at him.
She sighed and snuggled closer to me. I was shocked when she looked up at me with tears in her eyes.
"It's so hard watching them grow up, isn't it? One minute you're their whole world and the next they've gone out into it." John said, brushing his foot across the pink petals that had fallen from the trees, "I suppose that's the point though, raising them to make a difference in the world, long after we're gone."
"How long?" I said quietly, continuing to stare at Sherlock, who held our sleeping daughter as close to him as he could, a lost look upon his face.
We made our way to the front of the room and a slow violin melody I didn't quite recognize began to float through the speakers. It was familiar, but I couldn't quite place it. I looked questioningly at Sherlock and he whispered, "It's all of your songs I composed, yours, River's, and Indigo's, all blended together, to make the melody of my heart, the soundtrack to my life. It was what I thought would be best for our father-daughter dances."
River skipped into the room in purple flannel pajamas, followed closely by Mrs. Hudson. River's hair hung straight and damp, her bare feet padding across the floor. She came to a rest at Indie's bedside, John lifting her onto the bed. She crawled to Indie's side and placed a gentle kiss on her cheek. Indie stirred, her eyes flashing with joyful recognition, but they quickly closed again.
It was the first of many pictures without our Indigo Rose, that picture with the freshly painted lavender walls behind us, John smiling with a haunted look in his eyes that would never quite leave, River radiant with the sunflower in her hair, and I, my lips turned up in a mask-like smile.
He laid her on the table, changing her out of her pink footie pajamas and tossing them into the hamper. He changed her and took her temperature, which was normal. He put her into new pajamas dotted with small stars and sat down with her, rocking back and forth.
We stepped out into the front room, shouting greetings to Molly and River. A smiling River turned the corner into the hallway and she crashed into my legs, hugging them with all her might.
"Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson, Indigo's heart is failing. I believe all we can do at this point is keep her as comfortable as possible," the doctor stated, her sad, brown eyes fixed upon us. I searched for some semblance of hope in them, but I could find none.
"And my job is to diagnose diseases and save lives and wasn't able to diagnose her and I can't save our little girl's life. Neither of us should blame ourselves for this. It just…happened. The only thing we can do now is fight for her and make her as happy as we possibly can."
The two girls slid down the curvy slide, climbed through the tunnels and on the monkey bars, shouts of laughter coming from both of them all the while. They ran through the grass and dirt hand in hand to each station, kicking up the fallen leaves beneath their feet. They finally stopped underneath the shade of a maple tree to rest, both joyous that they had found each other again.
"No, Papa! Pink!" River said again, her wiggly tooth slightly shifting with the force of her exclamation.
I stood up, River standing up with me, holding onto my hand and waving furiously at Sherlock, shouting hello at him.
Indigo was feeling much better by evening. She had decided to wear a tutu over her Elsa and Anna nightgown. Mrs. Hudson brought River to spend the night with us. She was an absolute mess being away from us and with what we knew, we didn't want them to spend another day apart.
Underneath the first picture I wrote in my shaky hand, 'River Grace' and underneath the second, 'Indigo Rose.'
One day, I looked up to where the girls' school pictures were hung and didn't see two little girls anymore, but the pictures of a beautiful young woman and our little girl who never had the chance to grow up.
With that, I stormed into the bedroom, and laid down with River, taking her into my arms and silently crying, tears dripping onto my pillow. I watched the door, waiting for him to come in, but the door remained closed. I sighed and closed my eyes, falling into an uneasy sleep.
I turned back to my list when I heard a soft voice through the baby monitor I had sitting next to me.
We went back downstairs, Indie immediately perking up with the sight of Molly and her sister. I set her down and she went over to them, shouting her greetings.
"Yes, darling, you can stay home. If that's what you need, you can stay home." Sherlock told her, brushing her wet hair back.
Our little family of four had become a family of three, an equation that I couldn't comprehend, an equation I never thought possible when Sherlock and I brought two newborn little girls home to a blossoming Baker Street, reveling in this perfect world we had created.
She beamed up at me, her little dimples showing. The shadows under her eyes have gotten a little darker, I worriedly noted. Maybe we would have to up the dose of her medications again. We had to add 3 more medicines to her daily regimen, for a total of 4 medicines, and told Indie that the medicines would help her not feel sick. Indie took everything in stride, as she always does. They have been keeping her little body as healthy as it could be, for now, but we all knew that the effects of her illness would be too much to overcome eventually.
I quickly reached out to touch her little neck, to check for a pulse, to check for any signs of life from my precious child.
"Sorry, love, we were just having a bit of a chat. Let's head in, shall we?" I opened the door and off they went to the back of the store, where the girls' dresses were. Mrs. Hudson laughed and said, "My, those girls never stop do they!" I took Mrs. Hudson by the arm and led her into the shop, "No Mrs. H, they love living life too much for that." She patted my arm and leaned her head into my shoulder as we continued on into the shop, following the shouts and giggles of the little girls we all loved so much.
"She's safe, John, she's alright. I found her at that park you and Sherlock used to take the girls to."
Both girls were shorter than average, but still somehow appeared like willows swaying in the wind. Long, dark eyelashes framed both of their large eyes. Their cheekbones were high, but much softer than their Daddy's, and their skin was like porcelain. They were our perfect little girls, our breaths of life.
Greg didn't know Indie's diagnosis or prognosis, but he wasn't stupid, he knew it was bad. He had seen our red, puffy eyes and our dashes in and out of the room to talk to doctors.
"Yes, he does, Indigo Rose, yes he does." I said, as I put the spoon to my lips. Her face lit up into a smile and she nodded her head, settling back down to her own dinner.
When the evening was finished, we asked the director to take a photo of us in front of the massive telescope.
"Shh, River, sweetheart, its alright," he said, draping his jacket around her and gathering her into his arms. He rocked back and forth with her as she wept, sweeping his hand down her hair.
We would be having Christmas dinner at the Holmes estate, as we did each year. The estate was once home to Sherlock's parents. They left us soon after the girls had turned 2. Mr. Holmes was found by a maid one morning, lying peacefully in his bed. Mrs. Holmes was found in the same manner a few months later. They were entirely devoted to each other and as Mycroft put it, 'one couldn't live without the other.' Sherlock had taken the news of his father's death fairly well and we went to live with his mother for a week to keep her company. She visited often, but was still lonely I suppose. When Sherlock heard of his mother's death, he had run out into the night. I found him sitting on a park bench smoking a cigarette.
"That's alright, love, I'll wrap it up for later," I told her, rubbing the back of my hand across her cheek.
"Good afternoon, Sherlock," John said, trying to keep his tone as neutral as possible. He hoped his face didn't show how worried he really was.
She nodded and said, "Can you take a picture, Papa? We haven't taken pictures in so long and I want one in my new room!"
We all went upstairs and got the girls ready for the day, adding black tights to Indie's outfit and putting River in a matching black dress and maroon tights. We ate breakfast with Mrs. Hudson, who lit a small candle she had stuck into a blueberry muffin, and started singing 'Happy Birthday.' Sherlock tolerated it well I thought, only rolling his eyes once during the whole bit.
Indie laid on the examining table with her eyes half shut, her body scrunched up in the fetal position. River held her hand and I noticed she had taken her navy cardigan off and had draped it over her sister.
Stopping in the doorway, I scooped Indie up in my arms and walked over to the couch, placed my cup on the coffee table, and picked up River in my other arm.
He silently nodded his head and went out of the room, placing his hand on Sherlock's shoulder briefly before leaving.
River clung to Sherlock and I, refusing to have us out of her sight for more than a moment. Her therapist had visited every day too, helping us get her through the first days without her sister, her best friend.
"Shh, he's alright, just asleep, but I think he would love to be woken up by his two most favorite girls in the world, don't you think?"
When I returned, Greg had Jack in his lap, feeding him bits of chicken, the snorting sounds of a ravenous pug making the girls giggle.
And soon, I was standing with that beautiful young woman at her graduation and watching her as she made her speech.
She jumped off the bench and tugged me along as we weaved through the people on the street. She spotted the candy shop and squealed, pressing her nose to the window, gazing at the sweets inside. I watched the weight of the world lift off her small shoulders, if only for just a little while.
I turned to face River and Indie, both of whom were staring at me wide-eyed, with pools of tears in their eyes.
She came back quickly, handing us our mugs and sitting down in the chair at our desk, her mouth halfway open to talk about her upcoming trip with Mrs. Turner most likely, when her eyes widened with shock.
Please. The word that barely crossed Sherlock's lips made John shudder every time he uttered it. Sherlock Holmes didn't ask, didn't beg.
"It's so pretty, I wonder what kind it is. Let's ask Daddy!" The raven-haired girl proclaimed, taking her sister by the hand and running with her to the two men that sat in red and white chairs further up the beach.
"Your Daddy is an arrogant sod, isn't that right, my little lovebug?" I teased, finishing her feeding.
"Oh, I don't know how any good astronaut or superhero can get to the Moon without their coat, it is absolutely frigid in space! No one can possibly go into space without their coat, it is simply impossible," he announced, a bit louder than he needed to, with his one foot tapping impatiently against the floor.
After an hour and a half of picking dresses and twirling around the room in each of them, the girls had finally picked out the dresses they wanted. Both had chosen full-length ballgowns to wear to the party. River's gown was had layers of light purple organza flowing down the bottom of the dress, the curved edges of the fabric making each layer stand out. The bodice of the dress was white in color, with a purple organza rose at the right shoulder and silvery beading in the shape of roses. The sleeves were of the same white material and ended right above her elbows. Indie had chosen a baby blue gown with a wide organza skirt. The skirt was peppered with white roses sewn onto it and the bodice of the dress had a baby blue lace overlay that continued into long sleeves. A thin, white ribbon was tied into a bow at the front of the dress. Each would wear white ballet flats and white stockings with the dresses.
"They are his favorite, I'm sure he'll love to have that for dinner tonight. Here, put them in my bag."
I held onto Indigo's hand for dear life, memorizing every facial feature, her dark eyelashes, her golden hair hanging just below her shoulders, those beautiful hazel eyes, her button nose that was John's, small lips with a large cupid's bow, her cheekbones sharp, two front teeth missing, her sing-song voice, her infectious laugh. I remembered how she ran through puddles in a driving rain, how she danced to no music, how she loved everyone and everything, and how it felt to be so loved by her. Every memory was neatly filed and every bruise, every nosebleed, every needle, every pill, every bag of IV fluids was batted away until only my healthy, lively Indigo Rose remained, her eyes shining and full of love, her cheeks round, and her body strong.
"River, take a deep breath, lovebug, it's alright. We can talk about this later, alright, sweetheart?" John said as calmly as he could, his own hands still trembling from the sheer terror of the last hour.
I held a sobbing River as John somberly stepped onto the pulpit and adjusted the microphone, his face grey and drawn.
She is a shining example of humanity and makes me a better man, a better human being. She pushes me to be compassionate, to love as she does, to find the beauty in the darkest of times.
Sherlock and I then set to work getting the girls into their black pea coats and buttoning them up. Sherlock pulled two pieces of fabric from his pocket and wrapped one around each of their necks.
Three people stood on a green rectangle of grass, with a little dog painted next to them. A small figure with yellow hair and a yellow circle over its head was flying over the rest of us.
"No, my darling, but you can see everything she makes for you," a deep voice rumbled from the doorway.
The only thing shining brighter in that limo was Sherlock's face as the girls shrieked with joy and began to name the constellations they saw.
He bent over and grabbed John's favorite blue and white tea mug from the table beside him, but the mug slipped from his grasp and crashed onto the floor, the sound echoing throughout the flat. John stood up quickly, startled by the sound. Sherlock was bent over just enough that he matched John's height, and their faces met each other.
"Yes, yes, John, I have taken care of our daughters when they were sick before. We'll have a wonderful time, won't we, Sunshine?"
But even as her body betrayed her, she kept her heart and her smile exactly where it was, she was our little Sunshine.
River, daring as she was, quickly stepped out onto the landing without a second thought. She knew she had to follow the butterfly, maybe it was leading her to a buried treasure! Or a secret butterfly land!
I picked her up and wrapped her in a towel, bending her forward as she continued to cough, staining the towel with red.
It hovered for a few seconds more and then flew away towards the trees, disappearing into the beautiful blue sky that held cotton candy clouds shaped into penguins and dragons, into hearts and sunflowers.
I grinned and said, "I love you Sherlock, and your love for our daughters makes me love you times infinity."
We sang to them and they blew their candles out, thin pillars of smoke carrying the wishes of two little girls. Indie's face enveloped with her wide grin as we fussed over her and her sister.
Moments after Mrs. Hudson had taken River to the bathroom to get ready for bed, Indie woke up gasping for air. I jumped up and quickly sat her up, propping pillows behind her as she coughed and wheezed. Sherlock grabbed her hand and spoke softly to her, brushing his hand over her unwashed hair.
River had kept with the lavender theme, choosing a lavender duvet with lavender striped white sheets.
"River, what are you thinking about? You can tell me, lovebug." I told her, bringing her closer to me.
His eyes darted from mine to the drawer, to the placemat, back to the drawer. His breathing was rapid and tears shone in his eyes.
The girls giggled and continued handing him his presents until the last one had been opened (a very lovely new dressing gown from Mrs. Hudson).
"Daddy, I don't think that worked." River said, her hand picking up a corner of a blanket. Jack took the opportunity to roll through the blankets, messing them up even further.
"Papa, what's wrong? Don't be sad!" Indie said with a lisp from her injured tongue, the only physical sign left of this whole ordeal.
I fell onto my knees, still grasping at the door handle, my strength finally leaving me. I set my forehead against the door, my own cries and screams joining Sherlock's, calling out to our little girl that would never come home.
After dinner had been finished, we played dress-up with the girls, Molly helping the girls pick out outfits for all of us. Sherlock was given his deerstalker to wear and a pink cape. I was given a crown to wear and Greg wore bunny ears on his head. Mrs. Hudson had a safari hat on and Mycroft was given a pink tiara, which he placed on his head dramatically, causing the girls to giggle. Molly and the girls dressed in matching tutus and had pink glitter wands. They pretended to cast spells on us, turning us into various animals and objects.
"It's nice to have you clean this flat for a change, you know," John said, his smile growing bigger.
His mouth kept moving, but no words were coming out. He stopped pacing and crouched on his heels, folding himself inwards, wrapping his arms around his legs, and placing his head on his knees. Raven curls trembled as he rocked back and forth. Sobs wracked his body.
River and Indigo screamed and threw themselves onto the floor, where the puppy enthusiastically jumped and licked their faces.
My stomach twisted into knots as I pulled her over to a nearby bench and sat down with her, our trip forgotten for a moment.
I'm a bloody doctor. I've seen kids come in with fatigue and sore joints and bruises and go out of the clinic with a possible leukemia diagnosis.
We had eaten dinner with River and Indie in her hospital room, even Greg joined in on the meal. Mac-and-cheese, just like Indie had wanted that night that seemed lightyears away. We had not yet told them what the doctor had told us, until we knew for certain what the plan was. We just said that Indie had to stay here for at least another day so that the doctors could watch her and make sure her infection had cleared up.
"You look so sad all the time, Papa. Now, you can look at these and remember all the happy times! Because she was our sunshine and sunflowers have sunshine inside them!"
He winked and swept past me, guiding the squealing girls towards the "spaceship," his coat billowing behind him.
She tossed and turned in his arms, happily babbling away. After about 15 minutes of this, Sherlock gave up and put her on the floor to crawl around on the soft white rug. She crawled to a pile of blocks and began to bang them together, laughing as she did.
I knelt on the rug and held my arms out to Indie, who hung onto my chair, her chubby legs teetering.
He came over to me and curled up next to me and put his mop of hair on my shoulder. I took his hand and brought it to my lips.
I shut the door quietly behind me, leaving our beautiful girls to dream of flying among the constellations with shooting stars falling around them.
"He's injured and he won't say a word to me, he only shuts the door when I try to go into the room," he said.
"Alright everybody! Time for lunch! How does grilled cheese and tomato soup sound?" I said, once we all had calmed down enough to speak again. Everyone affirmed that this was fine with them and I set to work.
They had just settled into bed, Sherlock wrapping the nasal cannula around his ears and placing the prongs into his nose. He had to sleep with oxygen at night now, his lungs weak and struggling to provide him with enough oxygen on their own.
"I'm sure they'll love to have you as their Princess, my love, what will you do on the Moon, River?"
John had grown used to his flatmate and now boyfriend's eccentric nature. He loved him for it, he had never loved anyone as much as he did Sherlock. He loved every fiber of his being, everything he was and was not.
"I knew she wouldn't leave me! She's here, maybe I can't see her, but she's here and I love her so much! Indie, I love you!" River shouted.
You'll notice I am using the present tense when referring to her because my daughter still exists, in me, in John, in River Grace, in all of us. She will always be an "is," never a "was."
When the room came back into focus, River was no longer in my arms, but in Mycroft's, reading a book concerning the metamorphosis of frogs to him. I caught River's eye and she stopped reading, shutting the book and bouncing back to me.
"Perfect, our bed it is. At least until those little pug legs of yours can make it up the stairs to the girls' room, hm?"
I tugged a yellow sundress over her head and tied her curls into their first pigtails as Indie struggled to get away from me. She was 2 now and wanted to get into everything, asking "What's that?" as she held it in her hands, or drug it out of its hiding spot.
It was a cool September day when we noticed our youngest limping after we picked her up from school.
We would get one more Christmas, maybe one more birthday with Indigo. We would not get those difficult teenage years, to send her off to university, or walk her down the aisle at her wedding. We would not see her fall in love with children of her own.
I let her cry, let her scream, let her kick and punch at me until she exhausted herself, ignoring the odd glances and stares people were giving us.
I quickly dialed Mycroft and told him of our predicament. He promised the car would be there in 5 minutes. I hung up and followed Mrs. Keaton to the nurse's office.
"Well, we best be off so our Little Miss Sunshine can get some shut eye, eh?" Greg announced, breaking the silence.
I jolted upright, gasping for air. The sheets and covers were cold and soaked through, my t-shirt and pajama pants were stuck to my body. The room was dark except for a sliver of light coming through the slightly open door. I stumbled out of bed and towards the door.
John spent the remainder of the evening in a state of numb despair. How had he missed this? He had known Sherlock for 4 years now and loved him for just as long. How didn't he know? He sat in his armchair, wringing his hands and wracking his brain for any hint that Sherlock had tried to tell him, tried to reach out to him. He paced the floor throughout the night, hoping that Sherlock would reappear from the bedroom. He tried several times to get him to come out, or at least answer him, but all he was ever met with was silence.
I stomped up the stairs to the flat and opened the door, my mouth open and ready to shout at my infuriating husband.
Tears were in his eyes at this point, but he still didn't respond, infuriating me even more. I dropped my arms to my sides and shook my head.
"Butterfly? Darling, Indigo isn't with us anymore, she can't play with you." Sherlock said, sadly, sorrow replacing the brief flash of hope that lit up his eyes.
He gave me a brief smile and nodded once, stepping quickly into the front room, brandishing popsicles for the two girls squealing on the sofa. I walked to my chair and sat down, drinking from my tea and flipping open today's paper. It was quiet then, with only the sounds of paper crinkling and fingers flying on a keyboard breaking the silence of the peaceful morning.
John held Indie close to him, bursting into tears with relief at having his little girl again, but in sadness as he realized what all of this meant.
"They're growing up terribly fast, John, I remember when I had to teach you two how to change their nappies!" she laughed.
My head jerked backwards and I put a hand to my now bleeding lip where River had kicked me. She immediately stopped crying and stared at me, her blue eyes wide. She flung herself at me, sobbing.
I quickly got up, ignoring the dizziness and nausea that swept over me, and went over to the bed, hoping to find her there, hoping this was all an awful dream.
This time I couldn't hold myself back. I gathered her into my arms and felt her warm arms wrap around my neck, I could smell the strawberry shampoo in her damp hair. I held onto her, watching the clock on the mantle, the time I had left to hold Indie slowly ticking away.
I burst into a fit of laughter so hard that tears began to roll down my cheeks. The girls ran into the kitchen, laughing.
"It's beautiful, sweetheart, your Papa did a great job picking that out for you and your sister." He said, snuggling Indie closer to him.
Sherlock folded the paper and placed it in an envelope, writing Indigo's name on the front in his delicate script. He tucked in the drawer and sat back with a sigh.
"We're going to build a rocket ship during break, Papa, and River will be the pilot and I'll be the navigator since I love the stars so much!" Indie said, bouncing up and down all the while.
I caught sight of the blanket draped across the back of John's chair and my mind flashed back to a time when Mycroft had built me a blanket fort when I was ill and still rather small. We spent hours in the fort, reading and playing with shadows on the side of the blankets.
I picked the book back up and she continued to read to me, her curly pigtails bouncing as she enunciated each word. She was already reading at a Year 6 level and her pronunciation of difficult words was better than most adults. We had just started violin lessons and she played her scales and little songs without error. My little girl was an absolute genius.
Over the next few weeks, we started the girls with a therapist who specialized in these types of things. I knew that neither I or Sherlock could help River and Indie get through this without someone else's help. They liked her, called her Miss Laura. Some of the appointments were with Sherlock and I and some were just the girls. Laura told us that at this age, the girls were just barely able to grasp that death was so permanent. We would all have to help River get to a point of acceptance after Indie left us and it would probably take weeks, or even months.
Indie's fever had waxed and waned, even though her sore throat was gone. She would be playing and smiling during the day and shaking with chills and burning fever by evening. She was exhausted, large bags growing under her eyes, her skin paper thin and pale, her limbs becoming weaker with every passing day.
They stopped for lunch in a sunny shop down the street from the surgery, walking down the street hand in hand afterwards, taking in the spring air. Laughing children ran past them, their parents frantically chasing after them.
"Indigo Rose, my darling sunshine, listen to me very closely. The doctors have talked to us, from all over the world, can you imagine? People all over the world know your name and love you already my little flower. You have leukemia, my love, which is a disease that is worse than a cold or a tummy bug, but you are strong, and Papa and I, and Uncle Mycroft and Uncle Greg, and Aunt Molly and Nana Hudson, will help you fight so very hard. You'll have to take medicine too, but it's only once a day, and it doesn't taste very dreadful. We are going to go home today and tomorrow we are going to the observatory to look at the stars, won't that be fun, my love? Don't you worry your beautiful minds about this, River Grace and Indigo Rose, Papa and Daddy will take care of everything. You both just keep playing and laughing and being such wonderful little girls. We love you both so very, very much and we are so proud of you."
I stood in front of Sherlock, tears again pouring down my face, my breathing ragged, and my nails digging into my palms.
And to think that when I first met him, Sherlock didn't even know that the Earth went 'round the Sun.
The years flew by, a toddling little girl soon standing in place of that newborn baby. She had inherited her mother's raven curls and high cheekbones. She had her father's nose and slim build. Her eyes, however, were a different matter entirely.
I pulled her towards me, but she kicked and screamed. Her therapist had talked to us about this moment, when she would realize fully that her sister was leaving her and that Sherlock and I, her protectors, her whole world, couldn't make it stop.
Two girls in matching aqua blue bathing suits knelt in the wet sand along the shore and were digging with small yellow shovels, carefully turning the sand in their hands and examining it closely.
Indigo clapped her hands and ate the fruit, leaving splatters of blueberries and banana on her clothes and in her hair.
"It's cold outside! Maybe you should…" My words were lost as they ran out the door and down the steps.
I fell asleep with a little hand in my face and a foot pushed against my back, tiny limbs tangled with my own, soft snores lulling me into a peaceful darkness.
"You're most welcome, princess. Don't cry, it's alright now," Sherlock said, wiping away the little girl's tears.
"John, I need to finish, but I am frightened to be alone tonight. The thought that tomorrow will be the last day I see her is overwhelming…please sit with me," he whispered.
Her breaths were growing more shallow, more gurgled, and I knew that there wasn't much time left at all. Sherlock looked at me with eyes drowning in sorrow and I could see that he knew it too.
"Indigo needs her family, not strange nurses, John. We have been taking exceptional care of her and we will continue until she no longer needs our care."
I felt tears forming in my eyes as I watched the man I loved fall completely apart in my arms, his heart wrenching cries echoing throughout the room.
Lestrade whipped around and nearly collapsed with relief at the sight of the little girl running towards him.
I felt heat rise through my neck and into my face. I clenched my fist and slammed it against the arm of my chair, knocking my mug onto the floor, shattering it. The noise startled him into looking at me.
"John, I am so sorry, John, please don't leave me, please don't take River away from me, please," he began to cry, "I could hardly bear losing Indigo, if I lost you both I wouldn't hesitate to jump from this building or poison my own tea. I can't live without you, please don't go!"
Mycroft sighed, "It hurts. Stop thinking." He was staring up at Greg, eyes foggy and clouded, "You're worried, spefficallie about me. You're fine. It's-"
The question took Gregory by surprise, “They're… Alive. John was in a well that had a child’s bones in it. He’s shaken up, drenched, and it seems Eurus tried to drown him to get to…” He trailed off. Molly had told him about the phone call, what Sherlock had done to her, what had been said. Those were not words someone could take back.
“Sir?” The man behind the counter, a scrawny thing with a bear that was half grown, eyes dull and tired, was waving his hand back and forth near Greg’s face, “Are you going to pay?”
"At least don't sleep with your shoes on." Murmuring to the man now dead to the world, Greg had just noticed Mycroft was still wearing the grim covered shoes from the day's events. He kneeled down, hands delicately untying them one by one and slipping them off.
Passing by the various portraits of Holmes long since passed and decor pieces Greg thought might be worth more than his year's salary, the pair made a competent enough partnership to make to the bathroom. Greg only knew it was the bathroom because Mycroft limped towards it with urgent energy. The door was nondescript and with its heavy oak trim, definitely didn't strike Greg as a bathroom until they had passed through the doorway. Any other time and Greg might've poked fun at needing that many knobs for a shower, or that the sheer openness of the bathroom made it feel like a stage than a place for privacy. Time to look around at Mycroft's taste in bathrooms was limited. All Greg had time to register was that it smelled too sterile to be lived in.
Shaking, Mycroft hefted himself out of Greg's support and immediately slumped over the toilet bowl. Greg swore he could see Mycroft's bones trembling as he wrapped his arms carelessly around the edge of the toilet, head loosely held over the bowl. His back rose and fell without rhythm, and his breathing was broken by occasional hiccups or pained groans.
No reply came for a minute. Mycroft hummed, his pitch wavering, then answered, "Second door on the right."
“You're right.” Molly’s words had gotten through to Greg. He leaned back in the seat of the car as the engine hummed. The whole event felt like something straight out of a SAW movie, and Greg couldn't even begin to think of what a complicated and logical brain like Mycroft’s was experiencing right now. The pain…. “I'll head over to Mycroft’s place from here and hopefully pass somewhere to buy some tea or something. Thank you, Molly.”
"Sounds good to me." Greg led the way down the well furnished hallway. Most other times he would have been worried about the water dripping from the washcloth onto the expensive carpeting, but his mind didn't register the thought.
Gregory stood across the desk from Mycroft who had still refused to lift his head from his hands. He set the bag down carefully, emptying the contents one by one. He named them off as he did so, “Three things of different varieties of teas, crisps, some Lindt chocolates, Cadbury chocolates, Maltesers, and Jammie Dodgers. Wasn't sure what to grab, but I’ll have to get you some water too. Then some pills for that headache that's going-“
No, you don't, British Government. Gregory gave a stern frown, “Not this time, not with this. Now, can I get you anything?”
This chapter has been rewritten to better suit the characters and a more solid, less chaotic plot line. I've returned to it a few years after I got frustrated with how it was going so now I've decided to push forward and write a much more coherent and well built fix it story. Thank you for giving it a go!
Thankfully, as soon as they entered the room, Mycroft spoke up, "Lights, on." and the lights flicked on. One less thing for both of them to worry about.
Mycroft seemed to have something on his mind as he hesitated in replying for a moment. He sighed, and nodded weakly, “I hate admitting this. Drinking makes my mouth move to every thought I have, like I've lost a filter.” He grumbled and eyed the crisps with a nauseous expression that made Greg’s stomach even churn, “I need help getting to the bathroom.”
With the utmost care, Greg eased Mycroft fully onto the bed and paused. "God, if you sleep with that damn suit on it..." Inhaling as the familiar anxiety rose again, Greg gave Mycroft's shoulder a light nudge, "Hey, Mycroft, I've got to take your jacket and..  You should change."
It opened silently. There was no doubt it was well oiled and prepared for visitors. The driveway up to the looming mansion was typically one that Greg took when worried for Sherlock, not Mycroft, or when Mycroft called him up for their bimonthly meetings.
“Yeah, that was me.” The bag of tea and food was light compared to the weight of the dread in Greg’s eyes. That hadn't been his best press release, to say the least. “I'd had a long shift before that and wasn't thinking clearly.”
“It’s not creepy! It's a bit forwards, but you can't deny that he needs a shoulder to lean on right now. If I was in his situation, I'd want someone there for me. Even if it was just a cheap drink- Wait, no, forget the drinks. Alcohol and emotions don't mix well.” Molly laughed uneasily, as if she'd told a bad joke and Gregory felt a pang of concern. “Bring over some tea from your apartment, maybe some food and just check in on him. You don't need to press the subject, annoy him for details. That's not you anyways. Why worry about something I know you'd never do?”
Warm, fresh cloth in one hand and a half asleep, ragged Mycroft held up with the other, Greg made his way into the hall, "Alright, Mycroft. Which way to a bedroom?"
He nodded anyways, head still spinning from the day’s events. Wasn't everyday he got a call telling him to go to some secret island in the middle of nowhere to rescue the British Government himself from a cell. Mycroft had been clearly shaken. The image of Mycroft whiter than a bed sheet and shaking horribly told Gregory all he wanted to know about what had happened. “Yeah, I'll take care of it.” He murmured back over his shoulder.
Yet, he still never got used to the mansion that sat on top of the slight hill just outside of London. It was something that was a stark reminder of how different he was from the Holmes that had tangled themselves into his life. Whether they had been tangled in as burrs or just harmless yarn that occasionally complicated his life was always up for debate. The mansion was a traditional style to the house that was complete with massive shaded windows, large oak doors, and hallways lined with portraits. It was a wonder, Greg knew, one that he'd only have the privilege of visiting. Not that he'd ever want to own a giant empty house, alone. Which was another reason why he worried for the lonely Mycroft up in this solitary castle of his. The loneliness was enough to drive anyone crazy.
"If you're comfortable with it, I can get you something to sleep in." Greg offered with slight reservation.
“I… This was a personal family matter, Molly. I can't just walk up to his doorstep and say hey ‘your sister just murdered five people and tried to kill John and you, and I don't know what’s going on in that big, British Government mind of yours but I'm here for you’!” There was a sense of hopelessness in Gregory’s chest that was fueled by fear and a feeling of insignificance. And it showed in his voice, in the tapping his fingers were doing on the dashboard that he didn't even know he was doing until the noise dragged him back to reality. He stopped tapping. “It just sounds… Creepy.”
The reply he got was a borderline delirious laugh. Yeah, Mycroft needed sleep. And a lot more, but sleep was one of the few things Greg could help with. He definitely did not have a degree that could help with some of the more mental aspects of what Mycroft was suffering.
The DI almost stumbled from his car with a cuss. The drive had left his legs weak. The day had left his mind even weaker.
Easy enough. Greg spotted the closet door on the other end of the room after quickly surveying around. He risked a look over his shoulder to check that Mycroft was steady on the bed before turning his back to open the door.
There was a clattering on the other end, “Hey, I'm back.” Molly resumed speaking and Greg listened as he watched the officers remaining on site mill around, “As I was saying, those three shouldn't be alone. John and Sherlock have each other,  but who has Mycroft got, Greg? The writing on the wall? Look,” She paused for a moment, as if gathering her thoughts. Greg wondered exactly where this was going, “He needs someone like you. You helped Sherlock, of all people, get off the street and stabilized him. You have a way with people, like I have my way with the bodies-“
The line was quiet for a moment but when Molly spoke next, Greg could hear the trace of her smile in her voice, “Thank you, Greg. I'll put it on the calendar for next Monday, and I'll make sure to have the time open in the morgue.” Greg chuckled, but Molly continued, “Speaking of Mycroft, what happened to him? He's alive, right?”
There is still a lot they will have to figure out. But soon, a man named Henry is going to walk in, and they will have a new case, and not long after that they’ll be in Dartmoor and John will be told, “Sorry, we couldn’t get you a double.” And John will say, “That’s fine.” And this time he won’t need to correct the inevitable mistake because it’s no longer a mistake and, probably, never was.
John is going to point out that Sherlock can figure out how long he spent brushing by the creases in his shirt when he realizes that this is an honest question.
for each other and how no one can possibly compare and how now that the impossible has happened I’m just supposed to…” She looked at John. “Supposed to step aside. Not because you asked me, John. Not because you ever would. But because it is just the right damn thing to do and anyone can see that. Even I can see that. And because it’s the
It’s not his, so it must be Sherlock’s, whose taste in relaxation reading does exist (in fact, Sherlock reads a terrible amount of Poe, of which John only makes the mistake of asking about the detective
He’d also called Harry because his sister did not comfort well and he didn’t think he deserved comfort.
Sherlock says, “But I can take off the hat,” which is a pretty good comeback, and Lestrade barely hides his smirk, but when they’re alone, leaving the dump site for the dead man’s house, John says, “He’s wrong, you know. You look...fine. Great. You always look great.”
“John doesn’t talk much of your time together,” Mary said. She was still staring at him, but clearly addressing Sherlock. “Of your mystery solving, I mean. Most of it I read on his old blog. I thought – I figured it was too sad, to have lost a friend, and that’s why he couldn’t talk about it. And sometimes –” she cleared her throat thickly, “sometimes the way Greg talked, I thought he’d lost a real… a real good friend, like a partner, someone you only meet once in your life but I never imagined that… that he’d lost his other half.”
“God help us,” Lestrade muttered, and John laughed. He realized he was finally free of his quiet burden, and started describing Sherlock to Mary, the real Sherlock, not just the brilliant companion of which he’d whispered in hoarse passing. Lestrade jumped in helpfully with the choice detail (“
John stilled Sherlock’s hands and did the last two buttons himself. Sherlock swallowed heavily and continued. “The time I came closest to dying I was lying bleeding in the Russian snow, with three broken ribs, five men still on my trail, no weapon, and all I wanted was to be back here with my warm John who could make everything better...”
“God yes,” Sherlock says, and is rewarded by John’s low chuckle, by John brushing his wet hair back and slipping his fingers down to cradle Sherlock’s face.
John immediately helped her into the sofa, giving her hand a comforting squeeze and checking for any signs of distress. She mouthed a
Sherlock is an absolute, terrible ass when he is quitting. Fortunately John has a new way to distract him.
“No.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I’m making the appropriate plans so that one of us may propose formally without risking the relationship. I thought you might already have plans, since you were asking after my family.”
“I thought the baby would help too,” she said quietly, almost too low for John to hear, except he was on the last stair and about the round the corner where they were. “But last night he looked so alone...”
“I’ll have Mycroft take care of the paperwork. And Mummy will be pleased. I imagine she’ll send us on some ridiculously expensive honeymoon. Do you like the south of France, John?”
everything when he was nine, which as it turned out, was way bigger than “I’m your biological father”.
“No, no he isn’t. But it’s not a matter of strength, we both know that. But maybe that’s John’s problem.” Lestrade shrugged, stared at the blinds in the window so Sherlock could secretly express whatever was boiling through him, whatever was making him wrinkle up the paper,
He considered the question with the weight it was due. There were still a multiplicity of correct answers, and he wasn’t sure what she wanted, even with the John’s rule of
He realized the problem, when he dried his face off and padded into the hallway to hear low voices coming from the entrance way; he’d moved too slow and lost the tactical advantage of first strike.
This was, Lestrade thought, the first time Sherlock had ever accepted or needed permission from anyone else.
That sort of thing happened a lot, John was used to it. He just wasn’t used to it when it started to happen to him.
“Sorry,” Sherlock had muttered, and swept off. He did not cry or feel abandoned, like a little child. He just felt so bitterly disappointed he could taste it.
John was good at that part. If he found or was given the right conclusion, John could ignore a lot of personal pain, and sacrifice, and even the pain of others, to make it happen. Mary couldn’t. She just couldn’t, at the end of the day, and that’s why she had to stop working with children who sometimes died.
He wishes they were still applying the dye, that he still had John’s hands on him. He moves slightly at the thought, shoulders bracing, and John frowns.
“Point one: I don’t know how you put up with that man. But that’s the happiest I’ve ever seen you. And you’re worth that happiness. You deserve it, Sherlock probably deserves it, Mary definitely deserves something better, no offense. And my niece deserves to see happy relationships, so if that’s her mom and two dads then do that.
Sherlock, but never from Sherlock, never a part of him. And so he would slide them under his microscope and fix in and take a look and then shrug and leave them to rot on the table, blue-purple stippling of mold under the plastic slip for John to clean up after.
“This stuff, though...” He sounded dismissive as he looked at the paper in front of him. Sherlock agreed. These cases had been too simple. There were no longer dark shadows of things moving behind them. In, out, crime, innocence, question, answer, punishment, repentance.
“It’s a distraction. What if we’re on a case and the craving flares up and takes you away from your work?”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and gestured Angelo over for a bottle of wine. He brought another candle.
“I’m sure we would have, although the matter was never official. But we were unable to until it was too late.”
It was a blow. It was a loss. But he’d already mourned Sherlock and so it wasn’t as hard as it could have been, wasn’t impossible like he would have once considered it to be, and it was necessary. It was right.
“I never wanted to.” He leaned forward, to whisper into John’s ear. John could move back. He didn’t. “Not for a minute. I know you think - I know you thought I put Moriarty first, the game, my career. I didn’t. I won’t. You. You are what is most important.”
That month, that was the first time he slipped memory and space and time by slipping forgetting into his veins.
John wonders if his love for Sherlock is purely platonic. He knows it’s become something....else.... since the pool. Since the moment they learned they would die for each other. Since every moment after when they decide to live for each other, to eat and sleep and get up in the morning and take the other with them when they run down dark alleys. Something deep and soul-knitting. It’s why he puts up with the insults and the severed thumbs and the fact that he can’t keep a girlfriend and that that’s really only fair. It
John has a breakthrough. Epiphany must be catching because it comes, like some of Sherlock’s, from something totally disconnected to the mystery at hand. He is dusting the bookshelves - one of the other changes, in becoming Sherlock’s full-time blogger, is that he has an awful lot of down-time inbetween the weeks he can’t spare a second to breathe. He hasn’t quite settled on a hobby so to keep his hands quiet he cleans a lot. No one can even notice. This day he’s dusting and he finds a copy of Verne.
off that ledge and walked away, however wrong that was), and lie to him, and then come back uncaring. It was that John saw how much he’d lied to himself, that he was improving Sherlock, making him better; he saw how removed and fixed that star truly was in the glittering black depths. How there would always
When he’d first met Sherlock he had felt like he was tasting fire and ice; so cold that it burned, so blazing hot that it melted, melted through the careful layers he’d constructed like paper barriers in the chambers of his heart. When he first met Sherlock he’d felt dizzy and electric and swept up and swept away. And riding on his coat tails was still faster than he could walk himself (limp himself, but Sherlock had cured that too, had put the run and the blood back in him after it’d leaked out in the desert sands and the streets of London).
The mysterious Sherlock was nothing like she’d been anticipating: dark hair and pale skin, so bone tall, with a face that was sharp and beautiful, with eyes that glimmered like water and steel. He looked startling and bizarre, until you looked again, and then he was gorgeous but in the way a statue is, untouchable, and cold. Until he’d smiled. The smile made him look even stranger but infinitely more human. He was in an impressively slim black suit and plum shirt, and holding flowers, a crush of white snowdrop splattered with red carnations. He held them out to John, with a smirk, eyebrow raised, and John had quietly said something she couldn’t hear, and then Sherlock had laughed and smiled. And the smile was gentle, and warm, and incredibly intimate, from a world that was only occupied by him and the man he was offering it to, and there was a look in Sherlock’s eyes that… that didn’t take a genius to deduce.
Sherlock doesn’t ask follow-up questions. John gets the work done. Sherlock follows leads and John ties up loose ends; they work together.
the one giving up everything here. He doesn’t want to be a husband and father and care about the domestics, but it’s worth it to him, to be with me, and so that’s one huge sacrifice he’s making, and Mary is making an enormous sacrifice, and Madeline is making an enormous sacrifice, and all of that in service to my selfish needs, so I’m the one who’s a problem here.”
. That was a decisive win so quick he spun to cope. So quickly it was even suspicious. John’s face held a look he couldn’t even understand.
Sherlock had been a flurry of kindness when she’d rounded the counter; John leaning back away from him, and Mary politely pretended she didn’t notice. Sherlock offered her the flowers and introduced himself and said he was delighted to meet her, that he’d heard
There is something like cold steel in his voice. Sherlock crosses his arms, lays one wrist against the other, sitting up firmly straight in the chair. He looks at John, and John nods, with approval.
This doesn’t answer his question about the phone. John decides to throw it out of his mind and take a shower. He’s just stepped in when Sherlock shouts something about it being the
Sherlock just shrugged. “Can you arrange it for him to meet us there? It’ll be at three in the afternoon.”
He groaned. “Sherlock, it doesn’t work like that. I’m not going to stop in on her occasionally. I’m not a weekend dad.”
“John,” Sherlock says, and hesitates. “About my appearance. Was that a come-on or a reassurance? Because-”
was changing every day, from one person to two, two people with one body and the second unknown and quickening. Naturally, with a new marriage and a baby on the way they must sometimes clumsily bump into each other as strangers, like paper dolls. And John now had his old best friend returning from the grave. That was going to confuse anyone’s time of it. She knew they were talking, quite frequently, but not in person: brief messages passing like ships in the night. She knew if she mentioned the name of Sherlock John would flinch, looking suddenly guilty, or angry, or concerned. And sometimes she spoke the name – it became
That’s what Sherlock can’t do. He could describe a hundred thousand ways to kill a person, sure, in any scenario of poison or tool or circumstance. He can draw inference from the evidence they gather and know where to point the weapon. But the weapon he points is John. Because Sherlock knows what motions to perform, but he’s not good at actually
Sherlock’s eyes flashed. There was a cold anger that snaked through him and he had to hush it quiet. “I
John slammed the cup down, making the table rattle and several peanuts roll off. “For fuck’s sake Harry, I called you here to comfort me, not to yell at me.”
He was absolutely going to cut back: his vow to John to put him and the baby first was completely genuine. He would permanently take fewer cases, perhap take less dangerous ones. But first he needed to loudly and insistently quit completely: he knew that John and Mary’s primary concern was the child’s safety (and for John, the attention demanded). To pacify that fear he was required to eliminate it. Only then would Mary accept Sherlock as a permanent figure around John. Sherlock didn’t demand her approval, but John did, and so Sherlock needed it.
ears, the coffeepot was never the same”) and Mary had needed several more glasses of water and laughed herself silly. She clearly didn’t totally believe them and Lestrade was
“I can understand,” Sherlock muttered. “My father was a more unusual man than you can possibly imagine.”
There was a break in his voice. Lestrade looked back over quickly, because this was the moment a suspect confessed. The moment a person started crying. Sherlock looked like he was collapsing into himself, becoming smaller, just a stick of a man in nice clothes and nothing to say of himself. “Obviously. I can’t change the past, I can’t fix what’s become, can’t change...” he waved his hand. “John doesn’t...”
John tried to keep it to a minimum, when he met Sherlock. Which was difficult, because he was attracted to the alienly gorgeous man, and because interest meant that tampering down his natural chemical thing was near-impossible. And the things he usually did, to put a fence around it, Sherlock kept breaking through: gently taking his hand, standing close, standing very close, gazing deep into his eyes until John heard his own heart pumping and pushing desire through his blood. But despite that, despite the fact that everyone
“I’m not trying to be cruel,” he explained (this was true, although he could tell, without John mentioning, that he wasn’t doing a perfect job of it, and it was also true that he would be cruel if he deemed it necessary). “I simply want you to understand the parameters of our relationship at the time.”
Did Sherlock have a crush on Irene? Because, from the outside, that seemed the easiest way to categorize it. That was what he thought, at first, and it would be disproved only to come flaring back. It’s what the phone makes him think. The phone, and the song on the violin, and Sherlock’s mysterious absence from the flat for four days. But it also doesn’t seem quite
He’d always thought that as he grew older, he would travel more. As a child he was a liability, yes. But as an adult, surely they’d come pick him up, and take him with them forever.
The likelihood that Sherlock is an inexperienced heterosexual occurs to John only very late, with the realization that as a proper theorist he should consider every avenue. He contemplates the option. He looks up at Sherlock, who is tuning his violin while he stares at the fireplace, his eyes looking out but mind turned inward. He’s wearing that purple shirt.
That had indeed been Sherlock’s very words, although he is very capable of not touching his scalp no matter how it burns. He is going to say so, rudely, to John, because he feels insulted that John would have to think he needs
He still hasn’t properly categorized it, Sherlock’s or his own or what their relationship is, now, exactly. Partners is good. Partners is newly good although not... complete, somehow. Exceptionally Exceptional, he thinks, grinning to himself. He kisses Sherlock even though Sherlock doesn’t deserve it and has just undone a week’s worth of tidying in about four minutes searching for what he promised he wouldn’t have.
It wasn’t that John couldn’t forgive him, truly, honestly, fully: for Sherlock to say that he was the first person to understand John and love John and then abandon him (John kept feeling that Sherlock had pushed
“I’m going back to 221B,” he announced to Harry. “I’ll think about those things. They’re important and I appreciate your advice. But right now I need to be with him.”
“So you’re…” she fished around for something to do, grabbed a grubby bowl of peanuts and started splitting the shells. “I mean, Johnny. I know you loved him, like truly, like he was your soulmate, but… he just gets to swan back into your life and you’re going to shack right up with him? Instead of with your wife? And your kid? You seemed… content with Mary. That’s a lot to throw away. I don’t really know Sherlock but he doesn’t seem like the kid type. He’s always off solving crimes and ruining your flat with those disgusting experiments, right? He’s going to drop all that for play-dates and piano lessons?”
John wonders if there isn’t a like-minded soul out there for Sherlock, somewhere. But now he knows Irene wasn’t. She was The Woman, but not
At one point John had returned to their room, in the abandoned house they were staying in, and washed in the bucket, but it was difficult and so he didn’t quite get everything, and he’d had a busy morning, out for Sherlock, and after he’d cleaned he’d laid down next to Sherlock, and buried his face into Sherlock’s neck, and then his teeth, and Sherlock was helping John out of shirt when he found the blood on his arm that John hadn’t washed off.
much about her from John. It was all graceful, effortless charm, in a deep voice like a droll cello. He had flowers, and wine, and thanked John for cooking. Neither of them had said it was John’s doing, but Mary knew enough stories of Sherlock’s observational magic and anyway, it was John’s favourite curry. Which Sherlock surely knew. She realized, in a way she’d always known but had never seemed altogether significant, that Sherlock had spent
And then it’s been long enough, the dye is soaking in, his skin starts to itch, and he twitches just slightly.
“Lestrade,” he said warmly, stepping through. The detective startled guilty, leaning away from Mary, who put on her brave smile for him. “Nice to see you! We still on for the match next week?”
John sighed and rubbed the bridge of his nose, which was really all the confirmation Lestrade needed, who groaned and leaned back with a “
of it, the sheer coincidence, and the Doctor said, with wonder, “Look at this. We’re already all family.”
“Tired of people asking that question,” she said, and they both laughed. Lestrade’s was genuine, but John could hear the nervousness reappear in his voice at the next question.
And so John hadn’t said anything back. He’d nodded and walked away and hadn’t looked back and it was the right thing and he could still feel something shattering in him and he didn’t look back and this wasn’t goodbye and he should have said goodbye a long time ago.
The whole hat thing happens not long after. The hat thing is adorable. John feels no compunction about using that word:
He did push him away then, sinking into his chair, tugging down his clothes like it would fix everything. “I can’t believe we’re having this conversation.”
It meant she was allowed to be impatient, and worry. It meant she could curse when he gently pulled out her chair and handed her a hot cup of chamomile tea and listened attentively to her day when they both knew he was rolling some stupid boulder up some damned hill he refused to share with her.
pleased with the whole clothes-eating-acid situation. That’s a remarkably poor time to confirm his suspicions, but there you are.
“I know you don’t. I’m not asking you to appeal to your better angels. I’m asking because otherwise you’ll end up on the wrong side of an investigation.”
One might assume Sherlock is the same way, looking at the disorder of the living room that is essentially, almost wholly his: the post slid everywhere and the tobacco in the slipper and paper pinned to walls and coffee mugs with colonizing mold. But his mess is incidental. Things come, and things go, and it doesn’t really matter to Sherlock. He keeps what he needs, for the cases, notes, objects only preserved if there is untranslatable information in them. The rest of his life flows through and away, treated like his data, precious until useless and then casually, heartlessly deleted. He has his pinned bat and old jack knife and the antelope skull with its headphones (John
“Obviously, if you’re going to the trouble of lying to get me here.” Sherlock stared at the empty whiteboard as if it had personally offended him. “Honestly, Lestrade, why are you so interested in our two lives? John once thought you used to have a crush on me, is this your-”
“Oh. That, uh. That might not be a great idea.” John laughed, awkwardly. “He’s… it can be a little… weird.”
of things was said, but it was the everyday everything that they’d be sharing personally, if they were still in 221B; message by message, word by word, they sewed their lives back together.
John was immediately by her side. “Don’t touch me,” she ordered, shoulders heaving. It was a strange sort of crying, with tears and with gasps for air and a torn-looking face, but no noise. No noise at all.
but that’s not the important thing. I could forgive that. If I really had to. If you promised me you’d never seen him again and we just concentrated on our daughter –”
She looked much like Mycroft, the same soft features and flat nose, though of course much prettier. Her red hair had softened into a brilliant white and she greeted them outside a modest little country manor in a green cotton dress. Seeing the three together, one might guess that Sherlock was adopted, all thin and dark and sharp looking. There was plenty of family in them, of course, and then there was also something in their mother that was so
. Sherlock really is - have you seen him yet?” John asked loudly. Lestrade stopped pretending he couldn’t hear and came over to them.
John just stared at him, so Sherlock continued. “I’ve been thinking, anyway, of taking an early retirement. Since the game has gotten tiresome. I need a new challenge. From all evidence the shaped growth of a small human fully provides for one.”
“Sure and you’re nothing like Mum making excuses for his behavior and willing to put up with his shite and whatever he does to the kids.”
He did not even know where to begin, so instead he picked up his phone to call Jack. He reassured himself that this was the one phone call he could make in his life that Sherlock couldn’t deduce and Mycroft couldn’t trace.
a remove, always be that absence, that lack of care, that arm’s length, that lack of reciprocation, that John could never be as close to Sherlock as Sherlock was to him, that John could never be as close as he wanted to be that he would…would always be merely along for the ride until the moment when again Sherlock might decide to drop him and…
“So I don’t know what Sherlock bloody Holmes would be like as a husband and father. Does anyone? I meant, isn’t it like that for anyone in a relationship at the start? Besides, I’m not saying we’d get married, right away…”
It was self-preservation that made Lestrade Not Laugh. Then he noticed a particular word choice. “I wasn’t aware there was anything romantic to discuss.”
Which meant that Sherlock saw the lines, and could easily act upon them, in a manner that was above the greatest Mary could ever in her life grasp at.
They and Mummy kept his notebook up to date. It was all rather confusing, and Sherlock sometimes learned things improperly, out of order, so he learned to delete what was as-yet-unknown or dangerous. He found he was rather good at it.
“No. Look. I’m sorry.” He took a deep breath. “I can’t - I just left my wife. I can’t go home and pretend everything is normal immediately.”
I glanced at the clock, 10 o'clock, about an hour before the doctors did their rounds, before we would be able to go back to Baker Street. We dressed the girls in a simple t-shirt and jeans, with pink converse and ponytails.
Hunter. The little boy that had gone to school and played soccer, who had loved dinosaurs and had just started learning cursive. The little boy who came home every day to be beaten. The little boy with broken limbs and a crushed skull. The little boy who no one helped, no one saved.
I looked and marveled, not at the sun, but at my daughter, blonde curls wild in the wind, hat long forgotten, her small frame dancing against the backdrop of the setting sun. Glimmers of the dying light reflected off the drops of water and ice that lay on her coat and in her hair, so that it seemed she was glowing.
"I love you, my Indigo Rose," Mycroft choked out before quickly turning, light catching on the tears that had begun to roll down his face.
Soon, little feet pattered down the stairs and we made sure the girls were brushing their teeth before Sherlock and I got ready for bed. The girls crept into our room after they were done and we all got into bed, the girls laying between Sherlock and I. The girls told Sherlock about their shopping adventures until they became quiet and I heard soft snores coming from them.
If I had known then what I knew now, I would've hugged my girls a little bit tighter and held them just a little bit longer. I would've asked the photographer to just take a few more photographs and to leave us all of the ones she took, even the ones that didn't turn out as well. If only I had known that in less than a year, memories and pictures were all we had left of her.
"Yes it is, love, happy birthday!" I told her with a smile. "Six years old already, my, my how big you're getting." I said, hugging her close to me.
I joined the girls in the front room. They were running around playing tag in their little sock feet.
He rummaged through the suitcase he had brought, clothes, costumes, tutus, stuffed animals, books, and crayons being tossed onto the floor.
"Go Sherlock, I'll sit with her." Molly said. She had come to the hospital as soon as she had heard, she loved spending time with both River and Indie, and usually took them out on Sundays for a "Ladies' Brunch" along with Mrs. Hudson.
"Papa, Daddy! Can we go ride them now? Can we, please?" River and Indie shouted, pulling on our arms.
He nodded and set off, his blue dressing gown flowing behind him. I could hear River questioning him as he went through the kitchen. He reassured her that everything was just fine and she went back to her cereal, spoon scraping against the bottom of the bowl.
The shadows of the two men and their little girls moved with each word and laugh, their voices and laughter filling 221B with a joy that its walls would rarely see again.
A quiet sniffle came from River as I got up to leave. I quickly sat back down and she scrambled into my arms in full-blown tears.
"I not only see things, but observe things, John, I can tell you a stranger's wife is cheating on him, or that a boy is struggling to ask a girl named Kayley to a dance. I can tell you anything about anyone. How couldn't I see that Indigo was so ill, John? I should have seen something, I thought something was wrong when she injured her ankle, but I knew it was most likely just a sprain like you said, John, little girls get sprains and "ouchies" and "booboos." Little girls don't have cancer! Our little girl wouldn't have cancer! I missed the most important observation in the universe…and…I…I killed her, John, this is my fault, I should have seen something and we could have taken her to the doctor and made her all better and I…I"
"He'll find me, he always did," Sherlock said, his eyes darting about, his whole body trembling with fear. "He found me no matter where I hid."
"And then the dragon…Papa! Here's your card!" River stood up on the couch waving the card in her hand, practically bouncing off the brown leather. I could see Sherlock holding his in his left hand, dutifully drinking from the pink sippy cup in his other.
Sherlock had come into the room as soon as he heard sobbing, his face lit up in a panic, his movements quick and uncoordinated. He dashed over to us and Indie's head popped off of my chest.
I blinked back tears as he gently kissed my forehead. He pulled away from me and set Indie on his feet and began to dance. I did the same with River. Halfway through the song we switched. I set Indie on my feet and her arms wrapped around my waist as I brushed flyaway strands of hair from her face.
"Good morning, Papa, where's Daddy? He usually comes too. Can I see Indie? Can we have pancakes for breakfast? I dreamed about a giant elephant, hello Jack!" she cheerily sang, sitting up and greeting me and Jack with a full smile.
Tears were already pouring down her face as she made her way to Indie and River. She wiped her eyes with her handkerchief as she sat down on the side of Indie's bed.
Indie's bedcovers were white with tiny pink roses dotted on the fabric. She had to sleep with two pillows, River slept with only one.
"No, please don't," Sherlock said, his voice barely a whisper. His ocean blue eyes were clenched shut, his hands thrown up in a defensive position in front of his face.
He kissed her lightly on the head and sat in his chair, standing Indigo in his lap. The baby cooed and blew bubbles, bouncing up and down.
I took her hand and we walked right to the water's edge, her black boots kicking up rocks as we went.
"That your Dada is just fine, don't concern yourself, darling," Sherlock said, brushing his hand over her hair.
The church was filled with strangled sobs as John walked back to his seat, his head hanging and tears dripping freely onto the tile floor. He held his arms out for River and I passed her to him. Her sad blue eyes stared at mine and I gave her a kiss on her forehead, telling her I loved her. She nodded and kissed my cheek before burying her head into John's shoulder. I stood up on legs that felt like gelatin, placing my hand and kissing the small white coffin before making my way to the microphone. Mrs. Hudson and Molly sat on the other side of John, freely weeping into each other's arms, Lestrade had his eyes fixed on the floor, his hands balled into fists. My brother's face was stone as he dabbed repeatedly at his eyes with the yellow handkerchief he had tucked in his pocket.
I suddenly felt very alone, my arms and heart aching to hold my little girl again and listen to her excitedly tell me about her day. I caught Molly's eye and she grabbed my hand and held it, giving me a sad smile. I sighed and cleared my throat, emotion beginning to overwhelm me.
I laid back down and took Sherlock's hand, his eyes had become cold and empty, focused only on our daughter that lay between us.
"My head hurts a little bit and Papa said I'm still warm, so can I have a popsicle today?" she said, smiling.
"Our silly, flower loving, dancing, sunny Indigo Rose." He said, his eyes drifting towards the stars that twinkled above London.
He popped his head back up and calmly said, "This is your third hospital, you had to move from the others because your husband was abusing you, but you still talk to him, can't get away from your "true love," even though he beats you to a pulp on occasion. Your dress is wrinkled and your hair is slightly messy because you overslept and had to rush to get here. I could go on and on, but I have to get back to Indigo now, do try to get your own life in order before you even dare to tell me that there is no hope for my daughter's life."
I took a deep breath, trying to steady myself before knocking gently on Mrs. Hudson's bedroom door. I opened the door and crept quietly in, the sight of those raven curls making me sigh with a strange relief, like I was expecting River to have gone too.
His parents couldn’t visit every year, but they tried. It was glorious, getting to see them and leaving on adventures. Sometimes he got to travel for months, leaving after lunch and returning before dinner of the same day. Sometimes they would just see the bees, and drink lemonade, and then he had to go home. But they did try. Sherlock knew he was loved and that they just couldn’t keep him on.
The next time Sherlock saw him, the Doctor didn’t remember any of that, and so he could never tell him anything.
John, actually, wanted a family. He wanted someone he could come home to and laugh with and talk about the day with and treat gently be treated gently by and be alone around and support and be supported by and someone who would help stretch a shelter around them as a place to come to when the world or their own selves were too much and someone who could read him and then ask about what she saw as more than data and collection and someone who he could just,
John spends a lot of time online. Probably too much, although he justifies it as part of his job, now that he’s (somehow) gone from picking up shifts at the clinic to being Sherlock’s biographer and... partner. (“Now there are two consulting detectives,” he had joked one night, and Sherlock had said, “Please, John, we know that at very best you provide 40% of the work,” which was 40% true and 100% completely irritating. He does the maths wrong in his head because he knows that would annoy Sherlock.)
Sherlock held up his hands, to demonstrate how harmless he was. “I have no intention of removing your child from you. I simply anticipate being in her presence as John’s husband and, if possible, a stepfather. I’ve already –”
Sherlock is demisexual. (This word, wikipedia tells him, describes a person who is attracted to people regardless of body but on only the basis of mind and personality. Should Sherlock ever be attracted to someone, John figures, it would be as such.)
She saw it in his eyes, or maybe was just imagining wild demons, howling madness; she started crying and babbling and sank into the wall. Sherlock waited a moment, to determine if she’s confessing anything important. No. So he texted Lestrade and then stood by her and waited, his heart still thumping in his chest, pumping blood into his mouth where he’d cut into his tongue with his teeth on a sharp fall. Chased her across a roof and down the fire escape, into this alley: she’s thirty-four, brunette, worked in a bakery, divorced, no children, started to take heroin (likely therapeutically, for an undiagnosed bipolar disorder), met a
He knows how to take down a criminal organization. He’s never done so before, but the lack of experience doesn’t stall him. He tracks down evidence. Finds the guilty. With Moriarty dead there are still loose webs to clean up. They have no time for much of the organization, but there are people, who were high up, that they can turn neatly over to authorities whom either mutely accept their data or don’t ask for it at all. And then there is the highest level and the only thing that can be done with them are to stop them from hurting people, permanently, with full guarantee, with the safety of the grave.
And John’s heart almost broke, seeing her concern, her absolute undying love for him, her moving herself into a small little space so Sherlock could take up the rest, if that was what would make John
When he’s tired his deductions had this strange rhythm to them, like a mechanical chug of train tracks, like he’s already been here and is reiterating them only for empty habit. He
Sherlock had a crush but it wasn’t sexual. It was pure admiration. Irene played people with a skill set Sherlock didn’t have; she used body and emotion the way he used fact and detail. She was cunning and successful and smart. It was an intellectual-crush, like a book-love, an interest in someone’s carefully constructed work that seems so,
He blew off the drink and the appointment and went back to Bart’s to finish the lividity test and by the end of the day appraised events differently. It was fortunate, to have met this very
“Sherlock...” The miracle was closing. The light in John’s eyes was growing dim. Doubt was creeping back in. “Sherlock,” he whispered, “I don’t know that you really understand, what you’re saying.”
with its experience, imbued with the emotion of its origin, a feat of time-travel in memory. John does. John was a collector as a child: bits of quartz and ticket stubs and notes from girl friends because they were bored, explaining how bored they were. The army had stripped this from him with a stern ease but once “this flat with a madman” became “this flat with a madman, my best friend, which is home” (an incredibly fast transition, in hindsight) his innate fondness for objects crept back into his hands. He found jumpers and bought books and kept a strain of ephemera in his dresser drawers, newspaper clippings of their adventures and tickets from the concerts Sherlock took them to and menus from the trips they took on cases.
And it would be good for him to have that break - he admitted this though he didn’t like it; he was worn down, and needed to build a new normalcy with John.
”) Mary made sympathetic noises and just said, “next week then”. Occasionally she’d sigh for John, and tell him he really needed to go
That was, in fact, the exact reason he’d called Harry. Because she was not a Sherlock-apologist, and as an outsider, might have a clearer view of things, and because she was willing to call his bluff. He could not say the same for Lestrade. And Sarah - well, not only did she work early tomorrow, but she was Mary’s friend - Mary’s friend far before he ever knew her, they’d gone to uni together, they were thick as thieves, and when Mary wanted to talk to someone about this she’d call Sarah first and Sarah would absolutely not take John’s side.
“Thanks,” he says, and does not bother to answer her question. He walks back and sits in his chair to eat the noodles because the kitchen is under a constant zone of suspicion, after the last washing-up argument that may or may not have involved thrown towels, spoons, deliberate spilling of bicarb, some shouting about basic hygiene, and Mrs. Hudson asking them to keep down their domestic, she’s only just turned on the telly. He wonders what the hell Sherlock wants with a harpoon. He is relieved Sherlock did not ask him to accompany him, and a bit sad, as he always is when Sherlock vanishes without statement or doesn’t know it when it’s John that leaves, although John does so with clear notice. When John leaves for a date and comes back (unsuccessful) two hours later and Sherlock is (still?) talking to him John wonders if Sherlock really realizes he’s there, really cares.
There’s a moment of quiet. Then John says, with a lilt of panic in his voice, “Sherlock, we don’t have to-”
Donavon had often said that, in the end, Sherlock would be making the bodies. He had disagreed. John had disagreed even more. Now Sherlock must be content that neither of them had to clean up his mess.
“Lean forward,” John whispers, and then, “lean back.” He is quiet. No doubt concentrating. Sherlock is quiet. His brain searches for causes, settles on,
So Sherlock put his computer back down, and took a drink while it was still meltingly hot, and waited.
“So I’m going to give you my two insights, okay? And then I’m going to get out of here, with you, and you’ll crash on my couch and be out by seven because I have brunch with Lisa.”
In this short outline of people Sherlock likes John is not entirely sure where to put himself. Perhaps John is unique category, but he would like some clues.
Mary rose from her chair, as grandly as she could. “I would like to talk to you in private, Sherlock. John can stay and clean up dinner.”
“You used... the old words,” John said, sounding confused. He walked in and glanced at his chair but decided to not sit down and Sherlock realized how uncomfortable he felt, and Sherlock blurted it out.
At first they have to apply fear. Dark hunters, spraying blood. They take out the very worst first, a right-hand man, hiding in Munich. John shoots him. Easy. The group scatters, and for many that’s enough, but not all, and that makes it harder for them to track down their culprits. To turn them in properly rather than just take justice into their own hands. Each step they take is harder. Each trail is colder. They are cold, often. Too hot. Hungry. Sherlock grows gaunt. John is scarred anew.
“It was just like that for a few months,” John said quietly. “I haven’t really told anyone.” In fact, he’d never told Lestrade. He’d just told things
,” he told John merrily. “Spending time around her will be much less loathsome than I’d first assumed.”
“That’s something we need to figure out. I mean - we’ll both be parents. Equal parents. But not with Sherlock. Yet, anyway. I don’t…” he trailed off, taking another drink, not sure of the answers and troubled by it.
relationships, then be very careful of your next steps, because I swear to God Johnny, if harm comes to her I will rip out your intestines and wrap them around each other’s neck to hang you with. Yeah?”
He marched steadily away, forbidding himself to look back, while Sherlock grabbed his hand and hailed a cab with the other.
for years with John, that Sherlock must know John better than she did. That perhaps she had only wife-wisdom separating them, and that,
In fact, the older he got, the less and less often they came. The less and less often his mother called him ‘my baby’ and caressed his hair.  His father didn’t change. And so Sherlock outgrew him.
He started deleting everything he found unnecessary or stupid. He kept French but Latin was right out.
Later they would wonder if Mycroft knew. He had all the facts at his disposal, and was very good at drawing conclusions. If maybe he had some hand in arranging things.
shouldn’t be catapulting himself off roofs as if his huge flapping coat could make him fly, but Sherlock has only ever been able to be told
In an attempt to regain control he recounted what had happened. This was what one did in emergencies, to localize the important information and calm nerves. So in the past half an hour, he had most definitely cheated on his wife, physically (emotionally, he’s not going to analyze right now, because the answer was so darkly guilt-inducing he
Sherlock stood outside the library and took out his phone and sent two messages to John. They were simple but he knew John would get the point.
(One day Lestrade had thought about this, quietly chuckling as John pushed a gesticulating Sherlock away from a
John listened to some very strange squishing sounds in the background. Sometimes he wondered what it would be like, if everyone weren’t five steps ahead of him, and if he had such a thing as privacy. “Does Mycroft just run
not to like snakes, which are venomous, and everywhere. Sherlock points out positive cultural associations with snakes. Lestrade is not impressed. Anderson says he considered being a herpetologist. No one cares. Sherlock points this out loudly. They make fun of him in the cab ride back, and when they return home and Sherlock veers off for his own private world, John coaxes him back out, to stay with him in conversation, and when Sherlock relents to eat some toast and makes eye contact instead of saying thank you, John pats him on the shoulder, half condescendingly and half affectionately, and Sherlock smiles, but it’s pure affection.
John was wearing dark jeans and an unknown maroon jumper because all of his favourites were already here at the flat. His boots were worn and there was recent mud caked on the side. His hair was the same, not one extra line of grey, but there were new lines around his mouth, from too much frowning...Sherlock raised a hand, to trace them, and then stopped, when he realized that was no longer his right. But John just looked back at him, and smiled a bit, so Sherlock very gently and slowly memorized the new map of his face.
Their list is almost done by the tenth month. There are a few they think have escaped entirely; a few they cannot let do so. Just a few more. Just a dozen, or so, that
“Turns out he, ah, wasn’t dead at all! Just faking it. To stop Moriarty. And now everything is fine so he could come back.” He gave her his biggest I’m-completely-sane smile. It clearly wasn’t working.
Anyway. It’s why John is surprised to find the phone. He’s rummaging through every drawer in the hopeless search for one more tea bag (and if you think finding a teabag in a random drawer is unlikely then you are not prepared for ears-in-the-icebox-221b) when he uncovers it under junk mail and a handful of pens. It’s obviously Irene’s phone and just as obviously is useless to keep. The data in and on it has been erased, destroyed, emptied. It’s not a relic of a case, John knows. It’s a relic of an experience.
Reminding himself to offer Sherlock a lecture on timing, the conversation waited until their usual after-case dinner three days later. John did not miss the significance of Sherlock choosing Angelo’s.
Lestrade had canceled on their rugby night, claiming paperwork (which had mysteriously risen in amount, with the return of Sherlock), but near the end of the month called John and asked him to meet him for a drink after work.
Now Sherlock was being quiet on purpose. He knew this would  provoke the other person to speak. He wondered when the phone would vibrate in his hand, and what John could be doing that’s possibly more important than answering him, it only takes a minute.
The problem, Sherlock decided, when the knife blade got caught in the sleeve of his coat, was that he’s honestly tired of being a consulting detective.
“Yes. This is about her now.” She brushed her hair back, redid the bun. “John, would you let Sherlock be alone with her? With our child?”
“No?” John asks. He turns to speak to him; they are already so close that it becomes the same-shared breath, the distance prior to a kiss.
“I have been setting things right. That is right. To allow John to live his life with wife and child. If I reintroduced myself into his life, it would....I would be a distraction.”
real, even when you know it isn’t, a falling-for that isn’t falling-into. Irene desired Sherlock but Sherlock didn’t desire her... or at least, didn’t desire anything more than the spark of understanding, one genius recognizing another, the scientist passing the actress in a hall and finding a bewildering mirror.
, but it was the closest Lestrade had heard him in three years and almost felt bad, that he couldn’t actually offer this string of murders to him.
“Well if you’re going to camp up in that haunted flat of yours and spend every hour together like you used to but this time also changing diapers I don’t see much of a difference.”
“I know that it was hard on you John,” he said quietly, “and that my imagination of it is likely insufficient but... but my three years haven’t been pleasant either.” He swiftly unbuttoned and removed his shirt. He knew, when John’s eyes widened, that he was surprised (some) hurt (very) concerned (the most) by the changes, that he was cataloguing the injuries new and old, examining what must still ache and what had healed over, and that too despite everything John thought he
“No. You don’t get it. This is an unfairness that goes beyond, beyond having an emotional affair when your new wife is pregnant this is…. this is a
It only takes a year. And some. Some time more than a year; John’s not adjusted back to a calendar and the difference between days until they return. In triumph. Mission successful. World saved. They reveal themselves to London. Move back to 221b. Offer explanations and hug people and apologize. Mycroft sincerely thanks them. They’ve done the right thing. He repeats that, several times.
Sherlock smirked, because they both knew it was never just once, but his face straightened into a careful neutral when his eyes darted about, capturing John’s nervousness and confusion under glass. “Is it a terrible idea?” he asked.
It was a rather extended metaphor, but Mary liked it, because it made it neither of their faults. John wasn’t distant and she wasn’t failing him, it just
Lestrade called Sherlock the next day with the case. Not until late afternoon, he’d noticed how tired the poor bloke looked. His wounds were still fading and he
His fingers, exploring the page, kept pausing on numbers, like they were barbed, like they were catching him.
John. I liked some… some imaginary composite John who is gone and I’ll recover and find someone else and… and
John hugged her goodbye and grabbed a cab, thrumming with excitement, his leg bouncing all the way back, the bad leg with the ache now gone.
, but that was it too – if you played games you could recognize other game players (and Sherlock was obviously a grand master), but because John didn’t, you couldn’t tell if he was doing things genuinely or for an aim, or if he was even aware of the difference at the moment. And anyway he was almost always genuine. And anyway there was something in him below that he hid from her and they both knew it but had never said so. And Mary had assumed, war, and gone on with things. A mistake: conclusion without sufficient data. Sloppy,
“I thought I should get my things,” John said, pulling down two mugs. He had to reach even further to get one of Sherlock’s, and blow off the dust. This distracted him sufficiently, and he was perhaps far enough away anyway, to not notice the tiny steadying inhale Sherlock made when the sharp cruelty of it bit his throat. “Since I was here anyway,” he continued. He had not turned around. “Why am I here? I mean - I mean not that I wouldn’t, but it seemed urgent.”
John quiets it and leans over Sherlock to turn on the shower. It splatters cold and then hot, and then John is standing over Sherlock, one leg braced on each side, and he tells Sherlock to keep his eyes closed.
He tries to reason through it, the way Sherlock would want him to. The way the phone makes him feel is not reasonable.
connection, though she couldn’t yet know of what sort, and furthermore, that Sherlock still felt it, and wanted to act upon it, which was why he was laying claim over John. Telling Mary, he knew better, and he had John, in a way she didn’t.
At the hospital, after finishing Moran and the lot of them and almost dying, again or actually or anyway, it was confusing even to himself, Sherlock was lying broken apart in a hospital bed. And John was sitting next to him. He was drifting awake/asleep in a ghostly halo of morphine and pain and he couldn’t think properly and was just miserable. And then he felt John’s hand on his head, gently brushing back his hair. He leaned into it and John softly stroked his jaw, and whispered “
Mary often imagined their relationship to be like an old dance, like a Victorian waltz: John had stepped toward her one day, to hold her, reassuringly, and they slowly stepped together, taking turns leading, hands clasped, his chest warm against her cheek, but there were rows of steps - and at the end of the line they would have to let go. And John would very slowly step back, and turn away, and twist in place with a look like he was vanishing, and when they rejoined he would be cold and quiet and it would take patience to pry him out of that dark space back into the dance.
And it tingled, it shocked, it felt like a tight burn, like a quiet groan, it made Sherlock bite his lip in surprise. His fingers tightened on the back of the chair. John squeezed out more dye onto his palm, a liquid pool, a promise, and then his hands curled through together into Sherlock’s hair. Tracing lightly on his skin, like a whisper, chilled electricity running down his spine and up again while John stroked up and down, adding color, rubbing it through. He made swirls in the back. He laid fingertips on Sherlock’s forehead and brushed backwards, adding dye more aggressively now, pulling on his hair, tugging at times, to get in deep, but not cruelly, gently, just with necessity. And as suddenly buzzing and alert as Sherlock was, sitting straight curled up like an arrow about to spring, he felt also very indulgently relaxed. His eyes fluttered closed and he just felt John, just rolled in the touch, in the pattern of sway and tug, in John slipping through his hair and coating on dye and laying curls flat. His fingertips brushed against Sherlock’s ears. There was this spot, behind his ear, which if touched lightly made him shudder, uncontrollably, and he does now when John traces gently around.
Until John met him for dinner and said, “I’ve found a new flatmate. Yes, I live in London now. No, you cannot meet him. Why? He’s my boyfriend, that’s why.”
She wasn’t wearing a wedding ring, which, judging by the tan lines and loosening of her shoe laces, was recent and due to water retention. Still she clutched her fingers together to feel the familiar press of gold into skin. Her throat worked.
“Sorry, dear,” John said, obviously summoning his powers of pleasantry. He smiled at her and removed the lid from the curry dish. Steam roiled through the air. He sat down and unfolded his napkin and there was an obvious stillness until Sherlock leaned forward and served himself.
But John couldn’t see the lines, at least, not consistently. He was too wedded to his kindness, to his sense of duty and natural inclination and the indulgence of self-righteousness. Mary could.
It was a long game but he was not impatient, satisfied of the win. He would have everything: the work, John, John happy. And the child, who he knew was a requirement for John - but he might grow to appreciate it; he hadn’t ever thought to be in a relationship or in a relationship with John, and look where they were now.
It was just that Sherlock had become accustomed, in a moment in which an opponent has become temporarily disabled, to press the advantage.
Mycroft stopped going on their trips, soon after that. But by then he liked Sherlock, and Sherlock thought his brother was as best as a normal person could be, so it was okay.
He nodded, looking suspicious, but John quietly steered Mary back into the living room and took her hands in his.
“He was in this morning for a case.” Lestrade held up his phone for them to see and started a forwarded video, Sherlock smiling at the camera and then doors bursting open, Anderson’s high-pitched scream, papers flying everywhere, Donovan looking up a moment later to gasp and fall out of her chair. When the detective inspector himself appeared on the screen, looking both annoyed and unsurprised, Lestrade quickly turned it off. “Still just as dramatic. He’s working on that kidnapping case, I don’t know if you saw the news.”
say anything. And... and since Sherlock was dead and everything was over, gone, destroyed forever anyway, did he
“Lady Smallwood, I'm sure you couldn't talk sense to a dog. Now, I've got a friend’s brother to check in on, so if you wouldn't mind moving out of the way…”  Gregory really wasn't in the mood for this right now. Lady Smallwood didn't move. It really wasn't Gregory’s day.
“You can say his name, Greg. It was, in the end, a code.” More uncertainty. Gregory shut his eyes for a moment. Maybe if he shut them long enough, he'd wake up from this nightmare.
Pausing, Greg glanced back to the detective, then to the officer, “Fan, are you?” He asked, curious as to why the question was asked. Sherlock  stood out like a sore thumb and it was hard to miss him or mistake him for another.
“I don't have a choice in this, do I?”’ Glancing up at Gregory, Mycroft’s eyes wandered to the opened bag of crisps sitting just a few inches from him.
Molly cut him off with an iron voice that made Gregory blink a few times, “This isn't about me! It's never about me.” Gregory pulled the phone away from his ear as the iron in her tone gave away to something far more human and far more pained. He hoped he never had to hear that again in her voice. “But that's… Alright. Anyways. Anyone in this situation would need a friend, and we both know the Holmes aren't typically the ones for friends. But I've seen him in your office a few times, seen the way he appears more… Human. You're his friend, even if he won't admit it to himself. I think Sherlock knows that too.”
The slurred words fell together as Mycroft spoke. A memory of disorderly drunks rose to the back of Greg's thoughts. Mycroft wasn't far from that.
“Alright.” Gregory was caught between fighting Mycroft’s stubbornness back, and being overly warm. Hopefully he could get a middle ground in this standoff, “I came to check on you. Sherlock was concerned and advised me that you were alone tonight." He admitted without hesitation. Lies were not what Mycroft needed right now.
You may notice that a majority of the story has been deleted and is being rewritten. Moriarty will not be a part of this story, but there will be some overarching action and smaller cases along the way to keep things moving. Other than that, I want to give the story the wrap up and recovery it needs.
Clumsy hands were stopped from brutalizing the poor buttons on the expensive suit by another steady pair of hands.
Holding back an exhausted sigh, Greg caught Mycroft and hefted him upwards, "Warn me before you try a trust fall next time, Mycroft."
Mycroft stirred awake. He blinked groggily, head turning to look at Greg, "I'm perfectly able to..." Greg watched as Mycroft's hands pushed down into the bed so that he could lift himself up to sit again. That lasted a limited amount of time as Mycroft stopped once he realized he lacked the strength or energy to sit up. "Fuck it..."
Gregory sighed as he slipped into the car. For a moment he rested his head on the steering wheel while trying to rein in his emotions and reactions. It had started with Baker Street going up in flames and the disappearance of the two Holmes and John. It was strange enough that Mycroft was  gone after the blast as well, but the fact that not even Anthea, if that was her name, could find the trio added to the worry. Then Molly had called absolutely hysterical and going on about Sherlock being in danger. Well, no shit, Greg had been telling himself that after he'd arrived at the ashes that had been Baker Street. But he hadn't exactly been expecting to find John half-drowned in a well near the burnt husk of the Holmes’ ancestral house, or Mycroft cowering in one corner of a high security cell on an island. It seemed like the world has fallen apart under Greg’s feet without him even knowing it.
Mycroft managed a soft chuckle, hiccuping. Gregory wondered just how much Mycroft would remember of this conversation in the morning. Hopefully, just enough of it.
“No filter and you still call me Detective Inspector. It's Greg.” Slowly, Greg lead them step by step around the desk, “Not Gavin. Definitely not Gavin.”
With the sound of the line cutting off, Gregory put his phone back into his pocket and threw the car into drive. He had a bit of a ways to go before he reached Mycroft’s house. He just hoped he'd been there in time to prevent the worst.
Throwing open the door and tossing the bag of food items into the passenger side, Greg took a moment to actually understand the time that the clock read. “How the hell is it two am?” He muttered, turning the key in the ignition and throwing it into drive, “Doesn't even feel like it's that late.” He was muttering to himself. Maybe he was starting to go mad from the lack of sleep.
Two hours later, Gregory had finally come across a store along the way to Mycroft’s. He sighed in relief as the lights illuminated the inside of his car and he pulled up slowly. There was a single man behind the counter inside and the entire place looked a little run down, but there was enough in stock to provide Greg a few minutes’ relief from the road.
“Hnrn...What are you doing here?” There was a tinge of frustration and denial in the wavering, scratchy tone that made Gregory frown. This was going to be battle to get Mycroft to accept help. Well aware that Mycroft helped but never accepted it, Gregory steeled himself for a confrontation.
Welcome back to the Cheese Stands Alone! This is a rewritten chapter three that will better suit the characters' development I was hoping to pace for.
Hands shaking, Gregory turned the key in the ignition. The engine rumbled to life and as it sat there and idled, Greg pulled out his phone to see what had set it off just a few minutes earlier. It was Molly.
"That would be..." Mycroft struggled to find the words. His eyelids hovered at half open, "Yes. Okay. It'd be okay."
Now, he had somewhere to be and soon. His phone beeped demandingly from his jacket. “Yea, yea, just a second.” After everything that he had learned that day, the last thing Gregory wanted to do was answer a phone call from the Yard to handle another case. Hell, his hands were still shaking inside his jacket from seeing John in that well. The stench of the water still clung to Gregory’s jacket. And the child’s bones…
It wasn't until he'd pulled around the bend in the driveway that he spotted the small unmarked government car idling next to the steps. There were only a few people Greg knew of from his meetings with Mycroft that would be here at this hour. Anthea maybe? He parked his car behind the other and stepped out.
Opening a bag of crisps, Gregory set them down in front of Mycroft, “Not stopping. And please, Mycroft, just listen.” Mycroft gave him a look, but Gregory continued as he remained silent, “I don't know what you went through, and I'll be honest, I hope I never have to. But you're not going to be alone. Your brother requested I be here, so here I am. ” He tried his best to keep his words kind without bringing up blame or what had happened. He didn't need Mycroft going into a drunken fit and disregarding everything Gregory had said, no, he needed Mycroft to let him help him. At least for tonight. “I've brought some snacks and comfort food. Molly approved.” Offering a faint smile, Gregory went on, “And I'm Sherlock approved. You can't be alone right now, Mycroft, no one could be alone right now.”
Molly took a moment to answer and it was hard for Greg to place her voice, “I’m… Alright. It’s been a day, hasn't it?” She sighed, and hesitated, “How are they?”
“No. And no.” Gregory huffed, “Your brother is concerned for you, even after everything. He didn't want you to be alone right now. I don't-“
Gregory was quiet. She was right, and he knew it from his greyed hair to his worn three days straight socks and aching feet.
Finding the door closed presented a challenge. With one arm quite occupied and the other slightly occupied, Greg had only one option. He slung the washcloth over his lower arm, then turned the knob and used his foot to push it open. The door was surprisingly heavy for a bedroom and Greg fought against it as he shuffled Mycroft into the darkened room.
Redialing, Greg rested his head on his hands on the steering wheel. This call was just one more thing to get off his plate before he could lay down and not feel as if he was standing on unsteady ground.
Passing up the stairway and by the portraits of Holmes Gregory had the pleasure of never having to meet, Gregory spotted a figure silhouetted by a single light at the large wooden desk in the office on the hallway’s end. Mycroft, with his head in his hands and a bottle of something strong next to him. Greg continued down the hallway, anxiety flooding him as if he was approaching a cornered animal. He hesitated at the doorway, the bag in his hand crinkling as he entered the room.
The DI smiled faintly and shook his head in answer. There was a lot on his mind right now, but Gregory knew one thing for certain, “No, he's better than that. He's a good one.” Sherlock stared at him.
Taking the hand, Mycroft trembled as he stood up. Greg steadied him. “Fantastic wording, Detective Inspector.”
“That's a lot of guilt to carry on one set of shoulders, Greg. I may not be a genius like those Holmes, and I may not be on that island or at that house, but I can say that those three shouldn't be alone right now.” Molly paused, and Greg could hear the kettle whistle distantly. “Just a second.”
The man on Greg's arm was ragged. Suit ruffled up, clothes stained with various colors- yeah, that particular patch was definitely blood - , and smelling of a mixture of smells that Greg associated with a homicide scene. That thought curled around his stomach, abrasive and barbed.
There was a stern look from Mycroft as he removed his hands from his face. Streaks of tears ran from his bright red, puffy eyes that were unfocused enough to make it clear Mycroft was drunk, “No. What are you doing? I didn't ask you what you brought.”
The driveway to Mycroft’s house was blocked off by an imposing metal gate that towered over even the shrubbery. Greg put the engine to idle as he parked it, and put the window down. The intercom buzzed at him rudely and Greg found he wasn't in the mood for it as he violently pushed the buttons in to open the gate.
Mycroft might not even be at his house when Greg got there. Greg hoped he was. Or else it would be a mad hunt for the man who could likely be unstable and unsteady, and God only knows what someone with that level of intellect under that much stress and strain would do if he blamed himself. The DI almost didn't want to think about it, but everything had to be considered. Maybe he should text Anthea and ask her about..
Greg shook his head. He didn't want, or need, an answer. He was good enough knowing all of them had been recovered alive.
The bed was easy to find. It was a simple four post, quilt covered, and simple bed that sat against the far wall. Greg immediately headed towards it without taking in any of the room as the sooner Mycroft rested, the better.
"Mycroft, when you're ready, we should see about getting you out of those clothes and cleaned up." Greg broke the hanging silence, the concern he felt for the other finally breaching critical levels.
They stayed like this, one trembling and the other uncertainly still, for an amount of time Greg couldn't measure. Mycroft lacked the energy to throw up again but his body moved once or twice more as if the poor man had anything else sitting in his stomach. Greg stood by with one hand resting as reassuringly as possible on Mycroft's shoulder. Neither said anything. What could Greg possibly say in a situation like this?
“Um… Mycroft… Make sure he's looked after. He's not as strong as he thinks he is.” With the sirens in the background and the helicopter blades cutting the air, Gregory Lestrade barely heard what Sherlock had said.
Not wanting to waste more time, Greg slid the second drawer open to neutrally colored shirts and pants neatly folded and arranged in the drawer's limited space. He grabbed the closet pair, and shut up the drawer and closet.
Molly hummed her approval over the line, “You're welcome Greg. Drive safe, and don't forget that I'm expecting a Sherlock in a boot next week!”
"You're not wrong." Mycroft hissed it out as one singular word. "Fine. Go ahead." His hands dropped back down to the bedsheets.
The air went acidic as Mycroft lost the reminder of his energy. A distant grandfather clock chimed out four times. The house then went quiet besides the breathing of the two- one unregulated and broken, and the other balanced.
Shaken to action, Greg stepped closer and settled his hand on Mycroft's shoulder, "I'm here if you need anything. Breathe, Mycroft." He did not feel as calm as his voice sounded.
