Mary stared at him for a moment, in disbelief. She glanced at his bloodied clothes on the floor. “They said he was mutilated,” she murmured, almost to herself.
“Mary—“
Mary used John’s distraction to take action. She smacked Anna’s head with the butt of her gun and jumped into the driver’s seat, pushing the throttle all the way down. John tumbled out the back of the boat with the sudden momentum, and Anna, not quite unconscious but not coherent, either, rolled into the treasure chest. Bullets pelted the side of Mary’s boat as she sped away, one smashing the windshield to pieces with a loud
“Where’s all the backup you promised?” Sherlock shouted, angrily, taking Mycroft’s gun up for himself with his one good arm. The other hung limply at his side, blood dripping steadily onto the floor.
“So, what was it, then?” Anna looked at him, expectantly. “I mean, why did she cry that day?”
Sherlock sighed. “I’m well,” he answered. “Trying to keep up with a five-year-old.” He looked over to where Anna was squatting in the sand with the other man’s children.
“You prick,” he fumed, “why couldn’t you have just left me alone like I asked?”
Then he realized he was shivering, freezing cold—
“Hello love,” John greeted her, getting down on his knees and bending over to kiss the top of her head.
It happened simultaneously in slow motion and too quick to comprehend. John reached out and grasped the front of my shirt with both hands and pulled me in toward him, his eyes closed and his face pushing past into my personal space. And then there was no space whatsoever, because his lips were on mine and he was moving them and
knew,” John shot back. “The Sherlock Holmes
Sherlock woke up again, with a start, fully erect and entirely annoyed. He lay there for a few moments, trying to distract himself by thinking about the double murder case. He began to recall in detail the grotesque positions of the bodies, the blood, the smell—
Mycroft sighed heavily. “Molly, do sit down,” he told her, motioning to Sherlock’s chair. Molly remained standing. “Quickly, before you give yourself an aneurism.”
John gazed up at Sherlock, his eyes shining with some emotion that Sherlock decided he didn’t want to behold. Instead he turned and looked into the bedroom, too. Yes, it was just as he remembered. Even the photographs on her dresser were still fallen over, from when he’d slammed David’s head onto it. Sherlock moved forward and picked one up, setting it upright. It was one of John and him, from John’s wedding.
He leaned his elbows on the table. “Look at me, Sherlock.” I did, reluctantly. He gave me that look, the one that said
is that brother of mine.” Mycroft smiled thinly and smugly, the way he was want to do. “Your tardiness is not appreciated, dear brother. Been a little thirsty, have we?” He continued to smirked.
“Of course I did,” replied Sherlock, dismissively. “She’s coming along quite nicely, too.”
“Sherlock’s too on edge today to have a thoughtful conversation.”
I nodded and propped myself up on one elbow, then reached down underneath his bollocks. (Long arms were a major benefit in this situation.) It was warm, and I felt soft hairs on my fingertips as I searched for the pucker of his opening. I found it, and pressed gently, not trying to go inside yet.
“Nobody’s said it
The two men started towards the girls when Lestrade’s youngest ran up to them, crying. “Daddy!” she wailed.
“FASTER!” shrieked Mycroft, pulling out a gun and firing as they sped over the waves.
(Joy.)
care.” He giggled again, watching Sherlock squirm in his seat. “You know, in some ridiculously fucked-up way, that’s exactly
John looked up at me, speechless.
“Well, then,” Mycroft began, and then frowned, realizing that for once in his life he’d nothing to say. He blinked and shrugged his shoulders, in a very un-Mycroft sort of way, and nodded back toward the craft. “Get in, I suppose.”
don’t act like I’m abandoning you. You abandoned me first, remember?”
Sherlock was silent for a moment. “So Anna
. Twice in the span of… what was it, six hours? Unheard of. Uncalled for. Yet he wanted it, more than he wanted anything in that moment.
“Whatever you said to her, it worked,” said Sherlock the next morning at the mortuary, where three corpses needed to be sliced open and dissected. “She seems much more relaxed… and she’s actually friendly, again.”
They sat for an extended period of time, Sherlock wasn’t sure how long. The air was warm, the first really warm, sunny day of the year, the perfect day to be sitting outdoors. Sherlock took a deep breath, feeling exhausted after their row.
John looked up, sharply. “No,” he said, gruffly, removing the first shoe. “No, you don’t—you should never be sorry. None of this is your fault.”
“Yeah, that. I remember thinking you were batshite insane, and the luckiest bastard I’d ever known.” Lestrade gazed at him. “But your luck ran out, Sherlock. It was bound to happen, sooner or later.”
Sherlock’s eyes turned back to the table, a smile of satisfaction playing on his lips. Then, he frowned. “You should probably call Mary to bring the car over."
“Ok,” she agreed, breathlessly. “I’ll do it.”
“You only know about Harry because I loaned you my phone that one time.”
, was John so blind to himself that he couldn’t even hear his own admission in those words?
“And what was that?” asked John, his interest piqued in spite of himself.
“Of course I’ve been in love,” I lied.
Sherlock snorted again. “You don’t know anything.”
,” John gasped, sounding incredibly tortured.
What did that mean? To want someone like this, for
Sherlock’s breath caught. Violet’s left eye was bruised and swollen, and there was dried blood under her nose. There were claw marks on her chest, around her breasts, and large hand-shaped bruises on her arms and hips that he hadn’t noticed before. Some of the bruises were much older than the others.
John moved to have a look at the wound. “Sherlock, I think she may have hit an artery—”
John was completely silent for a moment, then began to laugh. Sherlock supposed it was because he’d sounded so pathetic. “Oh, shut up,” he spat.
Sherlock puffed himself up. “I’m in the middle of several time-sensitive experiments; I simply can’t abandon them for seven days.”
Molly stared back with wide eyes, guilt spreading across her face. “Sherlock, I think
Lestrade’s heart sank; John’s face confirmed everything he thought had happened. “How is he?” he asked, tentatively.
Molly felt extremely uncomfortable. “Well,” she said slowly, looking back at her hands in her lap. “I think he was rather using me, too.”
to reach the pedals!”
I responded with even louder breathing.
“When I was twenty-five, I was assigned to kill an MI6 agent. I knew nothing about him except for his home address and his physical description—average height, blond, blue-eyed. That was nothing out of the ordinary; they only ever told us what we needed to know to kill, and it wasn’t much. The night that I went to his home I was on my guard, because he was intelligence, too, so I figured he’d be more alert than my usual targets. I thought I’d made it successfully through the house without waking him, but as soon as I stepped into his bedroom he ambushed and disarmed me and demanded to know who sent me. He was so angry, but unsurprised, as if he’d been expecting something like this to happen. I was about to give him my practiced ‘Fuck if I tell you’ response when I noticed a long, thin chain round his neck, and at the end of it a delicate half moon of lapis lazuli.”
He rolled over to bury his face in the back of John’s neck, smelling his skin, feeling the bristle of John’s short haircut on his forehead. John backed up against him, spooning, and Sherlock slid his arm slowly over the small of John’s back and ran his fingers delicately under the elastic of his pants. John rutted up against him in response, sending a surge of blood down between his legs, and he began to kiss John’s neck, lightly, teasing him, brushing his lips against the underside of his jaw, his earlobe, and John breathed out a word, “
“I managed to get away, but I vowed from that day forward that my entire life—everything I did—would be to avenge my father’s death. And the best way I knew to do that was to take the treasure from them once and for all. I’ve spent my whole life since then trying to do just that; I found out where the treasure was hidden, I found out who had they key. I teamed up with James Moriarty in an attempt to leverage the power and influence of the network he was building. Through him I found Mycroft Holmes, gateway to the whole of the British government, whose weakness was Sherlock Holmes, and Sherlock, whose weakness was Dr. John Watson. I figured that if I could seduce the doctor, I could exploit my way up the chain to get what I wanted. It didn’t exactly work like I planned, but…” Mary’s face was tranquil again as she looked up at them. “It looks like I’ve succeeded, anyway.” She pocketed the key and stooped to pick up another gun on the ground, then raised them both, a fresh determination on her face. “And now,” she said calmly, “all three of you are coming with me.”
“So, where was the key that whole time?”
Sherlock slept a long time however. John eventually went to check on him, and he was snoring gently under the covers. Perhaps he was still recovering from nearly drowning in the pond and then from the not-so-restful night. John closed the door gently and went out to do his morning chores.
“The stag night, of course!”
John felt a pain that had nothing to do with his bodily injuries. “So why aren’t I?”
“Ah,” John said. “Yeah, it actually does sound like you’re sick.”
The first time, we thought we were going to drown. The second, we’d almost got our heads chopped off by an axe murderer. Ironically, near death experiences made me feel more alive than ever—alive, and wanting to experience everything that goes with it. Including sex.
John wanted to hug him. He wanted to get up, step outside the glass and hug him, tell him everything was okay, run his hands through his hair, turn his face up and wipe the tears away, kiss his lips—
. It is what it is, just leave it be. Please. For me.” Mary’s eyes had filled with tears. Then, she added quietly, “For our family.”
Mycroft sighed heavily. “Will you be alright, Sherlock?”
John’s voice echoed through the trees even as the snow tried to mute it. He nearly ran out onto the ice but he stopped himself because he remembered what had happened last time, that he’d fallen in and only the extension cord lifeline had saved him. He whipped around and surely it would still be there—yes, there was the stump. John ran up to it and brushed away the snow until he saw it, still orange under four years of dirt and leaves. He pulled it up and it was still tied tightly around the stump but immediately he knew it wasn’t long enough to reach the spot where Sherlock had fallen. “Shit!” he exclaimed. “Shit!”
“Do that again. Christ, please—“
“Mary hasn’t thought so.”
, and we’ve just rented it.”
. He yawned, rubbing his eyes.
hadn’t manipulated her at all; it was Moriarty who’d done that. And Mycroft.
“Do you know what I had to do today?” John interrupted. “I mean, besides examine my best friend’s arsehole for serious internal damage?” His voice was shaking. “I had to sit next to him, here, at his flat, and talk to him for two hours straight before he finally fell asleep.
“You see, Annalise isn’t actually your daughter,” Moriarty continued, the shadows of his face growing deeper as his grin widened under the hanging florescent lights. “She’s
“He hates bats,” I said, annoyed because I’d already explained this once. “And it’s not a ‘flock’, it’s a
A strangled sob broke from Anna’s lips, her fingers curling white-knuckled around the gun. “
about who she was? Being married to you was clearly some scheme to get to the key. What would she have to gain by telling you about it, and thus ruining that scheme?”
“I apologize,” he said now, suddenly quite aware that he’d brought the whole thing upon himself. John had nothing to do with Sherlock’s mind quantum-leaping to gay sex after a sour, sloppy kiss that occurred between friends, when one of them was absolutely consumed by grief and looking for comfort anywhere he could get it. John just stared at him, puzzled by the sudden change in his attitude. He blinked and ran a hand through his hair, thinking.
Sherlock was quiet for a long moment, his face frozen in its furrowed-brow state, running the knuckle of his index finger over his lips absentmindedly. “Tell me what you know,” he said, finally. “About Moriarty’s plan.”
. She ducked down as low as she could, turning one arm back and shooting out at the police boat following her.
Behind the door, the prisoner was rooted to the spot where he stood. He stopped breathing.
John’s hand was already moving under his pants, but it stilled as soon as I spoke. I closed the distance between us again and reached forward so that my fingertips brushed the soft skin of his belly. “Ah,” John exhaled, and closed his eyes. I watched him in rapt fascination as I unfurled my hand on his abdomen and slowly slid it downward to the damp heat of his cock. He withdrew his hand from his pants, giving me all the control, and I wrapped my fingers around him and pulled up. He threw his head back and groaned, wordlessly.
She opened her eyes.
. How is that, John?”
in love with him… John wholeheartedly agreed that Sherlock had to move on. “Of course,” he said, trying to recover from the turn the conversation had taken. “I… erm… I’ll see what I can do.”
long.”
“Very well, thank you,” said Anna, giving Molly a hug.
“Didn’t you ever tell him?”
“This bloody waiting,” John went on. It felt good to complain, even though it wouldn’t do anything to change the situation. He leaned forward on his knees. “I can’t do it.” He took a shaky breath, and gripped the edge of the wooden seat.
stay.”
… Sherlock grew uncomfortable, all of a sudden. He stared into his cup before setting it on the kitchen table. “John…”
“This is going to hurt,” I told him.
Sherlock walked through the snow and with his long legs he could cover more distance than John. John began to walk faster. The snow was up to his shins so he had to step high. He yelled as loud as he could and started to run, stepping higher and kicking up snow behind him. Sherlock didn’t turn around. John tried whistling, a piercing sound that cut through the wind and snow and that he had not used since with the dog. Still Sherlock did not turn. Instead he rounded the corner of the road and disappeared behind the trees.
Sherlock waved one hand in the air in reply.
“As a matter of fact, I am,” Sherlock told him. “Violet’s mother hired me to investigate the disappearance. She seemed to think the police had exhausted all of their resources, to no avail.”
“John, you know, it’s quite rude not to say anything when I’m asking such important questions,” Sherlock reprimanded the plaster above his head. “I don’t much like being ignored. Stop being such a tosser and tell me what to do!” He looked around to all of the corners of the ceiling, but nothing happened.
—and then I would be
Sherlock choked out a sob, not caring anymore about holding back his screams; he just wanted it to be over.
He gently lowered himself into the rocking chair and rocked his little girl in her slumber, his face buried in her hair, until the scent faded away.
Sherlock stopped mid-hurry and stared at her. “You weren’t expecting us.” It wasn’t a question.
John took a deep breath. As a doctor, he’d had many a finger up a man’s bum, but this was a completely different situation. Sherlock shuffled his feet farther apart, so that John could see what he was doing, and he turned his head to watch himself begin working a finger into the pucker of Sherlock’s opening. It was incredibly erotic, especially as he could see Sherlock moving a little bit, sitting back every time John pushed in farther. He used his free hand to brush down Sherlock’s spine, then flipped it over and stroked up from Sherlock’s inner thighs, pressing lightly on his taint. He heard Sherlock’s breath hitch, at that, and smiled with satisfaction.
“I know,” John said, heavily. He felt an aching lump in his throat.
More than anything, Anna pitied her mother. As they headed southeast in the car that Sherlock had promised was “parked just out front,” she tried very hard to take her story with a grain of salt—Mary was a
“I have to milk the cow again,” John said and wiped his nose and his eyes with the sleeve of his shirt and handed the phone back to Sherlock. Sherlock removed his hand from John’s shoulder and he took the phone. John went to the door without looking at him and put on a pair of boots and a hat and another overcoat. This one had real sheep fleece on the collar. He went out the door just as the sun came out again from the clouds and Sherlock let him go.
like to take
Mycroft’s expression hardened into disappointment and frustration. He let Sherlock go and stood up, pulling out his mobile to notify the British government that the raid had been a waste.
John though, as he drifted off into slumber.
Another snowstorm had begun and by the time they reached the front door it was coming down thick and the wind was gusting over them. John heard it rattle the windows and whistle through the eaves on the porch as he got open the front door and dragged Sherlock inside. He was pretty sure he commented on it, he was at the stage in his anxiety and near delirium where he was chattering endlessly and almost nonsensically to keep them going. Saying things like, “Here we go, just around the corner, only a little farther, let’s go, wind’s picking up, it’ll be warm inside, come on, we’ll warm up, just a bit more, here we go, up the steps, see we’re almost there, almost there.”
John ignored the slight. “I won’t help you unless you tell Sherlock I’m alive.”
“Checkmate,” she whispered.
“So…” Mycroft sat up and reached over to grab the book he was reading, “if you decided to make an appearance, you most likely could do so without being… ah…
But he was at a loss with John actually in the room. With real John, not fantasy John, shuffling over to the coffee pot, turning to him, speaking to him. Sherlock was terribly afraid of
Yet, wasn’t she actually Moriarty’s daughter? Maybe it was so easy for her to play the role because… because that’s who she really was.
.” Sherlock would sigh at them and simply say, “I know.” He thought he’d turned out perfectly fine not having friends his entire childhood, of course, but most people didn’t think that way. John hadn’t thought that way. And Sherlock’s goal, as Anna was made never to forget, was to raise her the way John would have done.
“When I found out I was pregnant,” she went on, “my immediate reaction was to have an abortion. I wasn’t even going to tell your father. We had been seeing each other from time to time, he’d wanted to go steady but I had no desire to, though I’d kept going back for more. I just enjoyed his company. He was calm, and solid, this sort of still presence in my every-moving world. He grounded me, in a way that I’d never been before.” She took another breath, shaking herself to get back on track. “When I told him about the baby, I hadn’t planned to at all. I’d planned to break it off with him, actually. But I got to his flat and he could tell something was wrong and he made me tea and smiled, you know how he is, gets to you even though he’s not trying to. And I just blurted it out. It was wholly embarrassing. He just sat down across from me, looking so bloody kind, and reached his hand across the table to pat my hand, and he said, and I’ll never forget it, ‘I’ll support whatever you decide to do, but for what it’s worth, I would be honored to raise a family with the love of my life.’
A beat passed, and then Molly began to stutter. “Well, I—I apologize. I don’t know what to think, I—John. My God. You’re alive.” She said it neither happily nor unhappily. “I would hug you, but…” she awkwardly pulled the shirt down in an attempt to hide her body. “Just, wow. Oh my God.” She looked to Sherlock for help, for some idea of how she was supposed to react. Unfortunately, Sherlock had nothing to give her.
Annalise Watson yelled from the kitchen, staring at her ruined science project on the counter. “Bloody hell,” she swore. It was supposed to be a project on the effects of sunlight on plant growth: she’d stuck one plant in a closet and one in the windowsill, and then taken pictures every day for a week. Okay, she had to agree with him, it was a little juvenile for a thirteen-year-old girl, but
“I’m surprised, I didn’t expect you back until the second. How was the trip?” he asked. (Polite. Social. The previous two hours had made him a master.)
John looked at him for a moment. “I want to be there.”
Carruthers screamed, as blood and bone exploded from his kneecap. He fell to the ground, sobbing and cradling his leg. John didn’t hesitate as he shifted his arm and shot the other knee, too, and Carruthers screamed louder, his head thrown back and then forward again, arching and writhing in pain. “What the fuck!” he shrieked, spittle flying from his mouth. “What the
She swallowed. “Anna wasn’t in a band.”
“Where are we going?” Anna asked, nervous now.
don’t know!” he’d retorted, triumphantly.
“The… the key?”
John tried and then realized that his nose was completely plugged.
John burst out laughing. “Oh, Sherlock. You
“I think he likes it,” murmured Teresa, from above his head. She tightened her grip on his hair. “Come on, let’s hear how much you like it.”
John fumbled with the second shoe.
Sherlock eyed John once more, then held out his map, turning it around and upside down. “So, left here, then right in two… or three? Did she say three blocks?” He frowned. “Shit.”
She burst into tears and fled to her room.
Sherlock unsteepled his fingers and stood up. He hadn’t thought about it, but that was the only logical place to take him; John needed to be kept under close watch. Sherlock didn’t buy that John knew absolutely nothing about Moriarty’s plan… there had to be
—I tasted bile coming up from my throat, and I shoved him backward as hard as I could.
Anna looked at the ground, her heart beating faster.
“Sherlock!” he’d shouted, entering the living room to see Sherlock sitting upright on the couch, staring straight ahead with the blankest expression John had seen him have, ever, and that was really saying something. And John had tried to talk to him, get his attention, asking “What the hell was that?” and other such questions, not getting a response, until he’d waved a hand in front of Sherlock’s face and Sherlock finally stood up and went to lock himself in his bedroom.
John sat up, rubbing his eyes. He wished that Molly had a fireplace—it was the perfect morning for a cozy fire and a hot cup of tea. He stood and went over to the window, taking in the sight of the bright white snow, so far untouched by human beings; pristine, picturesque. In a few hours the plows would be out, then the cars, then the children, and the whole thing would be a pile of black, pebbly slush. But for right now, it was perfect. Magical.
, John said to himself as he washed in the shower.
John stubbornly shook his head.
I shook my head. “No. You’re acting like you’re second best to it. Which you’re most certainly not.” I let go of his face, and took a deep breath. “I went to my parents’ house today,” I began. “And my mum—she said—“
your sexual partners.” He couldn’t keep the disgust from his voice. “How
Sherlock nodded.
“Oh, don’t bloody look at me like that!” John moved to turn the tap back on, no longer caring about his nakedness. “Obviously Lestrade agreed with me, or he wouldn’t have helped.” The warm water hissed out of the shower again, but his shivering didn’t dissipate. “And for the record, Sherlock, you should agree too. You’re all
Mycroft held up a hand. “He wasn’t helping anybody, least of all John Watson. John decided that he was above the law, that he could take justice into his own hands… The helpful thing to do would have been to stop him.”
“I was on a case,” Sherlock lied, and Mycroft’s smirk grew. “What are you doing here, anyway?” He stood at the room’s entrance, staring down at his brother in the wingback chair next to the hearth.
Sherlock became annoyed. “We haven’t had a case in months!” he barked. “Certainly Mary would understand if you came with me instead… and honestly, does the baby even need to go at all? You’re a bloody doctor, why can’t
“I don’t even know what we’re discussing anymore!"
John turned away and stirred the soup again and tried not to watch the other man or think about why he still hadn’t brought up the reason for his coming here. Or how he knew how to chop wood properly or to light a fire in the stove and why he’d forsaken his fashionable attire for nondescript cold-weather clothing that would be durable in a climate such as this. Why his hair was shorter and why he hadn’t—
“You see,” continued his father, “Sherlock didn’t have any friends growing up. Neither really did Mycroft, for that matter, but at least he always had his group of cronies following him around. But Sherlock, he was such a lonely boy, that we decided—“
.” I found the word I’d been searching for. It was dramatic and ridiculous, and saying it gave me chills. “And I don’t care about it anymore. All I care about is how I feel when you’re here, having sex, being in
I looked up at him. There was a crease of concern between his eyebrows. “John, are you okay with—“
“Now, now, let’s not all start bickering again,” Mary reprimanded, adjusting the baby in her arms. She’d fallen asleep halfway through her meal. “Just tell me, are you anywhere near close to solving it? It’s just been taking up so much of John’s time… We miss him around here.” She didn’t quite meet Sherlock’s eyes.
people. You’ll ruin your own life, as well.”
“He’s been cleared,” said the elder brother. “Appears to have been imprisoned for the entire time. He knows nothing about Moriarty’s plan.”
Anna sighed. “I don’t care. I
It had never been like this, never, not with anyone. My speech was stuttered. My thoughts were verging on incoherency. I felt that whatever John did now, whatever he said, I wouldn’t be in control of my responses. I didn’t particularly like not being in control. In fact, it was fucking frightening. But I didn’t want to stop.
“It’s not that I don’t like him,” Mary replied, quickly, glancing around to the couch where Sherlock was sitting with their daughter on his lap and his laptop open in front of them. “You know that. It’s just… I can’t have him in the house, John. I
“A… band?” echoed Sherlock. “Playing your violin?”
“Annalise Watson!” called the teacher. Sherlock stood up abruptly, towering over the eight-year-olds in their tiny desks. He’d pulled out his old wool overcoat from storage especially for the occasion, and the children stared at his ominous figure as he walked to the front of the room accompanied by Anna.
“Yes.” The reply was soft.
would I go?”
go out for the evening instead.”
Anna felt her eyes sting with tears. “So, what is it, then?” she asked, suddenly angry. “Why are you telling me this? So I’ll be afraid? So I’ll have to constantly watch my back, waiting for him to come snatch me off the street?”
with him, yet!”
“’Rather hard’ is an understatement, darling,” said Sherlock’s mum, tapping her teaspoon on the lip of the cup. She looked at John. “The boy was completely devastated. Locked himself in his room, sobbing, under the covers for a week. Could hear him all throughout the house.”
Oh, God.
,” she forced out the word amid a little sob, “but I will take ‘platonic confidant’ and ‘god-mother to your child’ any day of the week.”
with that crime. Scolded, threatened, grounded, but never legally charged. If he had, he’d probably have gotten worse, become a criminal. He’d be milling about in some prison cell right now, certainly
He had chalked the first few hours of indifference up to shock, but that should have worn off by now. He thought back to yesterday, when he was talking to Dead John in his bedroom, and felt a warmth in his chest at the memory of it. But in refocusing on the man standing in front of him, the warmth vanished.
“Eh-eh-eh!” Mary cut him off before he could start. “You want to stay here? Then the experiments have to go.”
So, I suppose now’s a good time to mention, that John was a genius when it came to dirty talk.
John must have registered the change in Sherlock’s attitude, because his eyes suddenly began to tear. Meanwhile, Sherlock shook his head, unable to speak. “Please, Sherlock,” John asked him, sucking in a shaky breath. “Please.”
“But you’re not just his friend, are you, John?” Sherlock’s mother asked, her eyes twinkling. “You’re the only thing he cares about.”
“I’m incapable,” I kept on, anyway. “I’ve told you before. You just pretended you forgot.”
If my mother is the smart one, my father, well—isn’t. When we were kids Mycroft would often sneer and mutter about how on Earth my mother could have fallen in love with a man like that, sentiment made people awfully stupid, etc. etc., because my father wasn’t practical, and didn’t have an answer for everything, and was the last person you would go to for advice on the ethics of blackmail when attempting to work your way into a high-powered government position. No, instead, my father was—in a word—
John shook his head after her retreating figure. “You know, you could have just asked her to leave.”
Molly stared at her, blankly. “Of course he was.”
“Where are we going?” Anna asked, in a very small voice.
Now, John suddenly stood and looked Sherlock square in the eye. “I’m going to turn myself in.”
“What sorts of things?” I asked, suddenly curious.
John stopped fiddling with breakfast and looked at me oddly.
“No,” said Sherlock, still not looking at him. “No, I don’t think I am.”
I was having major flashbacks to the ice cream shop. “I do, actually.”
John had died. “Do you just carry on talking when I’m away?” John had asked him, once, unbelieving. “I don’t know, how often are you away?” Sherlock had quipped, feeling rather exposed that John had caught him doing such a thing. When he was a child, it had been an imaginary friend that he’d spoken to, and quite often, and loudly, much to Mycroft’s glee (as it gave him more ammunition for teasing). And then they’d gotten Redbeard and Sherlock talked incessantly to him instead, a real thing, a real, living, breathing thing that would listen to him rant and rant and not be annoyed by it one bit. And then Redbeard had died, and that was… well, difficult. There had been no one for quite some time, after that, until Sherlock stopped caring about what other people thought and just started talking to anyone who was in the vicinity, regardless of whether or not they liked what he had to say (which they didn’t, usually).
“I don’t
John, meanwhile, walked all the way to the farthest corner of the kitchen and leaned against the countertop.
“To kill.”
“That’s my girl,” he said, pinching Anna’s cheek.
I wanted to kiss him again.
Sherlock rolled over in bed and spit into his hand again, arching forward as he reached down to grab himself. John’s hand began to pump up and down, working the hard, smooth flesh beneath it, sliding firmly over the head, down to the base, back over the head. Sherlock humped his fist, keeping his body off the bed with his other forearm, keeping some space to move. A groan escaped his lips, then little moans of “Oh, Oh,” and John was sleeping, he was passed-out drunk, he wouldn’t hear, and it was a damn good thing because Sherlock couldn’t control his noises now. “Oh,
John broke their embrace and tried to push away the tightness in his throat. “Christ,” he murmured. “Why does this feel like we’re bloody breaking up?” He stole a nervous glance at Sherlock and laughed, darkly. “Bloody ridiculous.”
We showed up to the scene, a manufacturing plant, and Anderson was already there, collecting samples. “Well well well, look who decided to grace us with his presence,” he sneered. “What, the one-offs are too boring now? Have to wait for at least three bodies before you lend us a few of your precious brain cells?”
“Ahem… brought you a little something,” said the man, attempting a smile (which resulted in his looking slightly constipated). Mycroft’s way of interacting with Anna involved bringing her a gift every time he came over. She didn’t mind, of course, but it was a little bizarre—as if Mycroft was so far out of his element around children that he thought the only way they would tolerate him would be with a gift in their hands. He made a show of stepping around the backpack, then walked up to the sofa and reached into his jacket to pull out a small box. “A little birdie told me you’ve become quite the music lover,” he explained. Anna knew that little “birdie” was Sherlock, and she also knew that Sherlock probably hadn’t described her music habit in such gentle terms. He’d probably been complaining about it, which gave Mycroft the perfect excuse to get Anna a gift that would drive Sherlock up the wall.
John let the words mull in his head as he stared at the damp ceiling. “What happens to me, then? After I do it? And I’m not saying I will.”
Anna turned around. “It’s… it’s December twenty-first, two thousand and twenty-eight,” she said, slowly, as if she thought Sherlock had amnesia or something.
All of their faces whipped around the other way to the television. Molly tripped over herself trying to switch it on.
Anna’s mood changed from shocked to horrified. “What?” She sat up on the edge of the cushion, feeling slightly dizzy. “So… wait… my mother…”
Sherlock paused.
It hit Sherlock, suddenly, like a sledgehammer to the head, his brain banging around in his skull with the revelation.
Sherlock looked up at him and then at the chair and then stood up and sat in it. He laid back his head and rocked a few times. “Comfortable,” he said. Then, “Goodnight, John.”
Mrs. Hudson wiped her eyes. “It’s quite a thing, how he loves that girl. I would never have thought him capable… but I was wrong, wasn’t I? All that time, he had it in him.” She smiled.
“I know more than you think I do.”
The weather report said a new storm was on the way, a bad one that would last for four days and dump snow up to his knees again. It had been in the forecast for a few days now, said the weatherman, and was expected to begin around midday. John and Sherlock were not leaving the cabin anytime soon, and John realized then that likely they would not be leaving until the end of winter. That wouldn’t be so bad, he thought. There would be someone to help him do the few chores and they had each other for company and of course, there would be lots of sex. It would be sort of nice—at least from John’s perspective. Sherlock cooped up in one place for days on end with little outlet for his mind, however, might not be so nice. They would have to discuss it after Sherlock woke up. Certainly the next four days would be a good test of whether or not staying was an option.
She reached out and took the knife in her hand.
“He asked me…” Sherlock looked sad, suddenly. “He asked me why they were dead.”
I was still trying to process everything. “Actually, you’ve heard it plenty of times,” I said, distractedly. “Just, from everybody else.”
“I want you to do something different to me,” was his reply.
Sherlock’s lips twisted. “
Sherlock looked at her, with a sort of raw emotion that John had never seen. “No.”
Moriarty stared at her, studying, tapping his chin with the end of the scepter. “My-croft,” he said. “Interesting.”
Anna saw John turn to look frantically at Sherlock. “
, he thought at him. He felt sorry for the man, he remembered how it was when their roles were reversed and Sherlock revealed that he was alive. John had felt like it was an intrusion in his life—he’d finally moved on, found someone new to spend his days with, found comfort in the routine of his job at the surgery—and then
Mary looked at him with pity for the first time. “I’m sorry, John, I can’t tell him. I can’t have him getting involved.”
I let my head fall back in resigned protest, and sighed heavily, staring at the ceiling.
John gave him a slightly puzzled look. “I know,” he said. “But I’m not, anymore.”
Sherlock slowed as they entered the city of Dover, and Anna tried to consider what she would have done in Mary’s place. Their stories weren’t that different, if you brought it down to the basics; Anna had grown up without her father, shrouded in a life of mystery and unanswered questions. She too had been trained in intelligence, to some degree. She too had killed people. She’d attempted to kill her mother (would have, if the gun hadn’t been empty) but had second thoughts after finding out about her past. And now she was on her way to aiding her mother in recovering the treasure… although, that really wasn’t her decision—she was sort of along for the ride with Sherlock and John. She looked at them both as they parked the car next to a harbor. They’d given her mother the key, after all, so they must believe she’s in the right
Sherlock shifted in his seat for the first time in an hour. “Well, I would help you, of course.”
“I’m getting the meat,” she explained. “My dollies are having fish and chips for dinner.”
was ‘someone?’ Just a random assassin, coincidentally assigned to kill my very own father? No. No, we realized then and there that it wasn’t a coincidence. The British government had found out who I was—who my mother was—and had purposely requested me from the CIA, to put me in the same room as my father and the key, expecting that I knew the secret of the location of the treasure and that I would lead them all right to it.” Mary clenched her jaw, her body shaking with rage. “They didn’t care about us, about our lives, about my mother’s claim to what rightfully belonged to her family. All they cared about was the treasure, and their stupid, stupid pride.” By this time, Mary’s arm had fallen and the gun was at her side. She stared down at the key again, shining brightly in the dull, florescent light. “My father and I tried to escape that night. It was all we could do, knowing that we were being hunted by MI6. But they found us, and they killed him. Right in front of me, they killed him, and took back the key.
“Oh my God!” she screamed. “Get out of my room!”
John gazed at him, a twisted smile on his lips. “The truth, then?”
,” he echoed, his glare boring a hole into her skull. She snatched the headphones away before he could say anything else.
said Sherlock’s practical voice in her brain. It was something he’d said to her many times and would no doubt say now if she were to voice her opinion on Mary’s situation… it was just that sometimes, none of the available choices were very good. What would have been the right thing for Mary to do, when she found out the British government’s plans for her and her father? Kill him and lead them to the treasure, or go rogue to keep it with its rightful owner? Mary had done a lot of terrible things and teamed up with a lot of terrible people to get where she was…. Could it all be justified if the treasure escaped the government’s grasp?
John went to the left and slowly stepped out onto the ice. “You’re going to get a nice long bath when we get back, okay?” he said, taking another small step and then another. The snow was in miniature drifts over the surface so John could not see where the ice was thickest. He stepped and his heart pounded and he talked to Sherlock to keep them both calm. “A nice bath and we’ll build a fire and warm you up.”
As John ascended the stairs of 221B, he heard Mrs. Hudson complaining. “Oh Sherlock, you really should tidy up now and then. The flat was never this disastrous when John lived here….I mean, it was a disaster of course, but nothing like this.” And then, just as John was just about to knock on the door, he heard her suddenly exclaim, “Oh Sherlock, how could you let John do it?”
it, the way that Sherlock often did. John deserved to be missed.
, he thought, remembering how John’s knee had been crushed all those years ago.
John's heart thudded to a stop. “I—okay,” he said. “Okay. I—I’ll be right there. Text me the address, will you?”
John sighed from the couch. “I can’t go tomorrow.”
“He’s in the house next door,” Lestrade explained. “He didn’t… he didn’t want the press to know he was here. So we took him out back, around to the neighbor’s.”
She wished then that she could shoot herself, that that was a choice. But she knew it was a rubbish idea; if she did do that, Moriarty would probably kill the two men anyway, in his rage at being slighted. She had no other option than to kill one of them. One was better than both.
John gaped at him. “How do you know—never mind.” He clamped his jaw shut, embarrassed and guilty.
“Yes, you tried it half-baked, before Mary actually knew who she was and that such a thing called the ‘Agra treasure’ existed at all. She hadn’t been told a
John blinked. “Right,” he said, starting after him. “Mycroft,” he acknowledged as he hurried past.
Mary’s face had grown thunderous, and she’d shifted her furious gaze to John. John, in turn, had made the mistake of asking, “Why are you looking at me?”, which was apparently the wrong thing to say; Mary made that quite clear later on in the night after Anna began to scream for no good reason (probably because she was hungry, John thought) and John had looked to Mary for help; and instead of getting up from her chair as she normally would have done, she turned a too-innocent face towards him and mocked, “Why are you looking at me?” before going back to her magazine.
John slid his hands up through Sherlock’s hair (God, did it feel good between his fingers) and to the back of his head, turning his face sideways to kiss him more deeply. It was better than any fantasy he’d ever had, and he’d had quite a lot of them—there wasn’t much else to do in captivity. “God I missed you,” John whispered, pulling away for a moment and nuzzling the other man’s nose.
Sherlock frowned. “Mrs. Hudson, this isn’t going to do anything to protect us from the sun. It’s quite expired.”
,” he said, slowly.
Lestrade froze as he heard a door
Sherlock didn’t recognize his own voice. “
The wait for Mycroft’s extraction team was nearly unbearable. Sherlock just kept staring at John, and John at Sherlock, in excruciating silence, in which no viable theories on why John was alive came to Sherlock’s mind. And he had a thousand questions, he knew, but none of them were surfacing.
Burning. On fire.
“What I say now I say out of purely selfish interest.” His voice was raw and the anger had gone out completely. He turned around and it was like a different person looking at John, someone John had never even met before, or perhaps just glimpsed, sometimes, in some moments. “I can’t go on without you.”
name never went to the press.”
“Lucy…” Lestrade warned.
John snorted. “What a deduction!” he exclaimed, sarcasm dripping from his voice.
Sherlock gritted his teeth in frustration. That was unhelpful, as well. For God’s sake, they were both
“Ha! Well, that’s all the incentive I need to keep you sober for the rest of your life.”
The girl swallowed her bite. “Yes,” she said. “Constantly.”
,” he over-annunciated the words, “I might have been involved.”
John’s eyes welled, and he was so
Anna was bright red. “Well thank God he didn’t try to give me The Talk himself. Can you imagine?” Her eyes opened wide in horror.
Sherlock was one of those people. It wasn’t a bad smell, nor was it a
John stared after his disappearing figure, then at the empty couch in front of him. Its cushions were still wrinkled from where Sherlock had been sitting. His vision swam, with confusion and with his drunkenness. Somehow, not quite aware of the decision, he went to the sofa and collapsed into the leftover warmth, and turned his face toward the upholstery, and inhaled.
,” as in, someone besides Sherlock. Did that… did that mean that Sherlock… that he wanted to… that he was waiting for…
John opened one eye and looked at me. “I don’t blame you. My digestive noises are hot.” He was grinning.
“Oh!” Molly gave herself a little shake. “Of course, of course.” She backed up and stood aside so that he could enter through the door.
Sherlock swallowed, all the blood drained from his face. Molly’s breath quickened as she was struck with a terrible fear; nothing made Sherlock go pale. Nothing.
“You’ve made allowances for us, before.”
I miss. You’ve got some pretty intricately twisted logic. And I love every bit of it. It’s fucking
, Sherlock, your feet are
Buggery fuck, now I was going to have to make up an entire person. “He was…” I searched for some sort of adjective, “… short.”
John couldn’t help but laugh at that. It was just like Sherlock not to consider his own feelings until prompted by someone else. “Ok, then,” John amended. “The… the wanking part. How long has that been going on?”
? It wasn’t like him to have two erections so close together, never mind in one single day…
me; you can’t trust anyone else to be discreet.” He suddenly had an epiphany. “That’s another reason why you’ve asked me to help you, me specifically… you can’t just hire someone random to do it because you can’t trust anyone else; you don’t know who his supporters are, who might tip him off, who might be working for him.”
“There was no one to remind me,” I replied, loftily. I flopped down on the sofa and opened my laptop. “Now, did you hear about this murder in Wembley—“
Sherlock stepped closer and stared at Anna’s face. She stared back, still crying.
Sherlock felt he needed to clarify. “Well, without the sex part.”
A few weeks later, India’s Department of Culture received a mysteriously heavy package in the mail. It took two large postmen to lift it onto the front desk, where two small receptionists sat, looking at the box and back at each other in confusion. They cut the cardboard, and opened the lid, and inside found an envelope taped to the top of what looked to be an ancient, iron treasure chest.
Mary gripped the key tightly in her palm. “He had this key with him, that night that I’d come to kill him. He’d finally managed to get his hands on it, after all those years, and he was making plans to find my mother. The government must have found out that he took it, he said, and assigned someone to kill him so that they could take it back.” She looked up, her tears dried in sudden anger. “‘
“And why ever not?” Sherlock sat up, now cross. “You came for Christmas at
“Yes, yes, but at what cost, Mycroft?”
One blogger wrote, “Love is caring about another person more than you care about yourself.” “Selflessness” seemed to be a common theme, as well as “compromise” and “teamwork.” Sherlock traced the outline of his lips on his steepled fingers, thinking about how those words might resonate with his and John’s relationship. He thought about all the times he’d considered John’s feeling above his own, and what came to mind were all of the times he’d put himself in danger to save John’s life. For the first time he allowed himself to imagine what it would be like if John had died, if he hadn’t jumped off that building or dug through that bonfire or shot Charles Augustus Magnussen in the head (which, as much as he tried to convince everyone was for Mary, was really for John). He felt fear at the thought, imagining the funeral and then not being able to ring or text John whenever he wanted. He wondered if he would cry,
John sighed. “I know, Mary. He’s going home soon.”
Lestrade interrupted, putting out his hand. John stared down at it. “Jesus
be his sexual partner, instead. It was the one thing keeping him here, now. So I had to keep pretending, and he could never find out.
Sherlock reached for his shoulder and pitched backward, losing his balance and falling into the water. “Sherlock!” John and Anna both screamed, and John rushed to the side of the boat.
Sherlock’s world slowed down. Wait, what? Therapist? Because… why? Just yesterday John had told him that his way of grieving was normal. He’d only go to see a therapist if something was
John’s face reddened. “So when you texted back and said you’d think of somewhere ‘touristy’…”
John pulled away from my face and stared at me, deer-in-the-headlights-esque (what, John, didn’t think I’d catch you
care, a little bit (a lot, actually), but he wasn’t going to admit to that now.
shorter, though there was still a suggestion of curl at the ends. Sherlock ran a hand back and forth through it a few times to get it unstuck from his head.
“Sherlock Holmes!” reprimanded his mother, dropping her napkin onto the table with one hand. “How dare you. A cemetery is no place for a baby, especially on Christmas! It’s supposed to be a day of joy and happiness,” she spat, “not depressing dreadfulness.”
Sherlock was already standing near the fountain, staring up into it with mock interest, when John approached from the other side. Sherlock spotted him, then pulled out a map and went up to the nearest person he could find. “Excuse me,” he said loudly, in his best American accent, “can you tell me where I am?” He glanced at John out the corner of his eye, but John didn’t seem to have noticed him.
“Your trousers are too small,” I said.
Mary turned pale. “He’s reading the news reports to her.
“Who?” I asked, even though I knew perfectly well who.
“Oh, go back to your ‘human interest’ rubbish,” Sherlock spat. “You don’t even live here anymore.”
Mycroft’s eyebrows attempted to reach the ceiling; Sherlock didn’t think he’d ever seen him look so amused. “And why haven’t I heard of this? Surely, if it was so
Molly stared at her hands, beginning to cry again. “I’m so sorry.”
John felt his stomach turn, and he tried to push the thought away—the thought that Mary had, indeed, loved him after all. “So… so she gave it up. But Moriarty couldn’t have been very pleased about that.”
Satisfied, Mycroft reached into his other jacket pocket and pulled out a photograph. It was an old mug shot of a dark haired man in a cream-colored jacket, his large, brown eyes glaring menacingly into the camera as he smirked above the placard that showed his name and the date he was arrested.
he kept hearing, but he didn’t know who was speaking. He didn’t care. Nothing mattered now, nothing at all; John was dead.
As it turned out, that “something else” was Sherlock’s murmuring into his ear that he would never ask what happened at Scotland Yard. The only thing he wanted to know was if Lestrade had any culpability, and if John knew of some way that they could help him get off. “I owe him my life,” Sherlock said, quietly. “Both of you. I owe you for phoning him, and him for rescuing me.”
“If Lestrade went through all of this effort to make sure you weren’t tied to the crime… then it’s our duty to make sure he didn’t do it for nothing.” Sherlock turned and went to get his overcoat. “Which means that you will remain here, out of sight, until I sort this out.”
To his surprise, Carruthers obeyed. He stopped moving and dug his fingers into Sherlock’s already-bruised hips. Sherlock felt his entire body shake violently around Carruthers’ hard prick.
Sherlock looked up, studying him for a moment. “As a matter of fact, yes,” he said, sitting back in his chair. “Apparently, Mycroft has traced his current whereabouts to an abandoned cosmetic testing facility, just outside the city. He’s ordered a raid for Monday evening.” Sherlock picked up a manila envelope that had been resting under the late biscuit plate and leafed through the contents before pulling out a photograph. “But Mycroft has informed me that he would like you and I to go in, first. Some top secret government conspiracy something-or-other.” Sherlock waved dismissively. “I told him I was not his errand boy, I would not cater to his every whim.”
To Anna’s great luck, Sherlock had to work late that night. She had two whole hours before he came home, and from the moment he texted her to let her know, she had decided to make good use of that time listening to music. “Going to the void,” Sherlock called it; once she got sucked in to an album, she checked out of the real world and entered some private dimension inside her own head. She became completely internal, unreachable—which Sherlock, though he could understand it (maybe more than anyone else could), hated with a passion, because it meant she wouldn’t respond to him. “Don’t bother, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock would growl with displeasure from over his laptop, if, during such times, the landlady yelled to her up the stairs with some question or another. “She’s gone to the void.”
Sherlock looked thoughtful for a moment. “I don’t know. I’ve never broken up with anyone before.”
He swooped down on her, losing his temper.
“Interesting,” he said, scarfing down the rest of his meal and brushing the crumbs off his hands. “I guess we’d better go solve it before he starts chopping them up beyond recognition.” He grabbed his coffee and headed back to the stairs.
John’s breath was sucked right from his lungs.
Sherlock was consumed by pain, his vision white and shimmering. He vomited awkwardly on the table, the side of his face still pinned to it—
I rolled my eyes and looked back at the screen. There had been a homicide in Wembley, and a very mysterious one at that. I was trying very much to care, but I all I could think of was,
“I need you,” I said, and then all in one breath: “I love you and I need you.”
Anna looked from Sherlock, to Mary, and then over to John, who was clearly apprised to what they were talking about. “Jesus, am I the only one who doesn’t know what’s going on?”
Sherlock nearly trips as he stumbles toward the bedroom and John follows, taking in the sight of his bare arse in the lamplight. John rubs a palm on his own crotch as Sherlock lies down on the bed, all willing and pliant and fucking wonton, and John feels a surge of power and desire that makes him light headed. “Turn over,” he orders, and Sherlock does it. John walks up to him and puts his hands on Sherlock’s smooth, bare arse, and massages the cheeks away from each other so that he can see the pink pucker of his opening.
The only weapon left in my arsenal—guilt—had been neutralized. I didn’t have another contingency plan. I had been sure that John would go back to his family. I had been sure of it.
face before I blew out his brains.”
part.”
“Annalise Watson!” Sherlock dropped the teaspoon on the tray in frustration. “We’ve discussed the
Sherlock stood up and walked to the wall, opening up each oven and carefully examining it for pie. He kept thinking he’d got them all, but then he realized he’d skipped one, somehow, and moved down to check it, then realized he’d skipped another on the other side. He felt frantic, overwhelmed.
“Ah, sorry.” I dropped him and clenched my fingers into a fist and back, feeling the stickiness left over.
“Or you don’t want me?” John added.
Instead, Sherlock excitedly paced the room. “The family that Violet nannies for is in on it… or, at least, one of them is. The cyclist waited at the end of the street where they lived, which means he knew where Violet was going, but not which direction she was coming from!” He clapped with joy. “We’ll go to pay them a visit in the morning, and find out which one of them knows.”
John sighed and his gaze faded into remembrance. “It was horrible, wasn’t it.” His eyes misted over. “I don’t think the sight of it will ever stop haunting me.”
John’s mouth fell open, gaping. “
“Oh Mrs. Hudson, do calm down. I’ve got her, she’s quite warm enough in my arms.” Sherlock smiled and opened his eyes wide as Anna attempted to feed him the snow flake that had landed on her fist. He stretched his lips over his teeth and slurped the snowflake off her hand, and her eyes brightened as she smiled. She reached out to grab another flake, and as soon as one landed on her (the wrist, this time) she thrust it out toward Sherlock’s mouth. He slurped again, making a silly, surprised face. “That’s cold!” he exclaimed. Anna giggled.
Mary aimed and shot her gun up at the ceiling, and Anna and John both winced at the sound as concrete dust settled over them. “I don’t have time for this game, Sherlock. Moriarty’s network numbers much greater than the corpses on the floor, you know. Reinforcements will be here soon, and I don’t think any of us want to be here when that happens. So tell me where you’ve got the bloody key.”
be concerned for his wellbeing—“
“For God’s sake, what
Mary’s face soured. “This wasn’t the plan, Sherlock.”
In a flash, he was back in the abandoned laboratory, before it blew to pieces. The glass cage was lit from above, glowing, pulsing with florescence. “
Anna raised her eyebrows. She had always been a little wary of Mycroft, but she couldn’t really be blamed for that. She’d grown up in Sherlock’s care, and the way Sherlock talked about him, she really should have been much more than “a little wary” of the elder Holmes. She didn’t bother asking how he knew Sherlock’s schedule; Sherlock, for certain, hadn’t told him. It was just one of those things, like many others, that Mycroft always knew.
He was aware of it, and had decided to embrace it instead of pushing it down, as perhaps he might have done before (before, meaning, when he was still “alive,” and married to Mary, and living in denial about his everlasting love for Sherlock Holmes). But it was more than just John feeling a little crazy about the man he loved, more than him needing some sort of validation that his feelings were reciprocated. Seeing Sherlock again, he’d recognized with dismay that he and Sherlock had lost something, a profound connection that they used to have…
We both stood and headed for the loo. It wasn’t until I was watching him wash his hands and waiting for my turn that I realized I could have gone to the kitchen sink instead. I had just sort of followed him. Perhaps I was feeling an unconscious desire to be close to him. That was good, right? That’s what I was supposed to feel. Right?
Sherlock gave him a look.
John brought his hands up to Sherlock’s shirt collar as they broke their kiss. “Your shirts are too fucking tight,” he growled. He wound the fabric around his fists and pulled in opposite directions, so that the top three buttons came flying off. Sherlock felt anger pulse through his body at the ruined shirt, but channeled it into desire. This was a new game they’d begun to play, the “angry sex” game; using anger as an erotic stimulant. Sherlock suspected it was a long-standing fantasy of John’s that Mary didn’t comply with. But it was working for them both, so far.
“Erm… fuck me?”
She pulled a miniature electric screwdriver out of her pack, keeping an eye on the back office. The admissions lady seemed to be trying all of the extra radios, with no luck. Anna made quick work of the screws and gently pulled off the grate. She looked into the duct, and once again felt thankful that she was small. Without further hesitation, she popped into the vent and set the grate back on the opening behind her—but not before using the chewing gum to add some extra insurance that the grate wouldn’t fall off the wall after she’d left. That had been
Sherlock crossed his legs and sat back again. “I’m the world’s only consulting detective,” he said, smugly, “and I’m not going anywhere. Not until you’ve told me the truth—and by that, I mean all of the things you specifically withheld from the police about your relationship with Violet Smith.”
Lestrade planted his feet and pushed his full weight forward, swinging the door open. Bright light hit his face, momentarily blinding him; he lifted an arm to shield it. And then, his eyes focused.
, he recalled, though he didn’t much like the sound of it. It sounded rather base.
“He didn’t
Sherlock made a noise he’d never heard before, high pitched and needy. “I can’t,” he choked, and opened his eyes.
As soon as his vision cleared the trees he sought out the spot where Sherlock had fallen. The ice was broken in a long line where he had tried to make his way to shore but the pond was large and deep and Sherlock had been in the water for nearly fifteen minutes. John could tell he was exhausted. His arms rested on the ice and his face was turned up toward the sky and it was barely out of the water. The ice beneath one arm was cracking and the arm fell in so Sherlock shuffled to the side to get it back on the surface. He was trying to keep his head above water because he had no strength left to climb out on his own. John shouted and waved the rope as he skidded down the hill and back around to the stump where the extension cord was tied. “Just hang on Sherlock, I’m coming, hang on!” and he grabbed the end of the cord and one end of the rope and tied them together securely. He stood up and looped the rope around his waist and tied it as he walked toward the edge of the ice.
opposite. Sherlock, I’m so sorry. I’m
you,” Mycroft told him, smoothing his hair and adjusting his coat. “You are so naïve, Sherlock (and don’t become cross, you
Teresa scowled. “Most certainly not. He’s incredibly
, he ordered himself.
It would’ve protected my dignity to say that. It would’ve made
Mycroft nodded. “I’m offering you the chance to help him. This is the first time we have ever had the opportunity to be one step ahead of Moriarty—with you as a spy, you could aid us in bringing him down from the inside.”
“Yes, you do,” John muttered into his ear. “You’ve only said it to make me harder.”
, thought John.
Sherlock gave her a look.
Mycroft opened his mouth.
Sherlock took a deep breath and closed his eyes, trying to relax his body. It was going to take a bit more work, this. He wondered if he should think about something. About his dream… a stab of excitement hit his belly, just thinking about
Mycroft ignored him and took another biscuit off the tray. He popped the whole thing in his mouth and closed his eyes in ecstasy. “Ah, delicious,” he said, but it was barely intelligible through his mouthful of crumbs. Some fell out and onto his chest, and he scowled. Sherlock chuckled.
Sherlock pulled John’s belt out of all its loops with one strong, fluid tug. It snapped against itself, and Sherlock dropped it carelessly on the ground.
A guard stepped forward and handed Anna a large, sharp hunting knife. She took it, staring at the blade, thinking up the scenarios in her head. She could try to kill her way out of there and rescue the others (
I was startled. Of course, I would have to make up an ending. I ran through a list of general break-up reasons, but none of them seemed believable. “Well,” I said at last, bringing my hands to my lap. “It never really began.”
“We’ll need to stack it before it snows again,” he said and Sherlock followed him back to the wood pile.
It was strange, seeing John in this setting. Whenever he’d seen him over the last two months it was always at 221B, and John always greeted him with a kiss. But they couldn’t kiss here. “Good afternoon to you, too,” Sherlock drawled, upset. John gave him a warning look.
One more chapter to go, I think... Stay tuned!
“No! Although that would be more likely.”
“Oh, Sherlock,” the landlady chided in reply. “When has grounding Anna ever done anything?”
John felt the breath leave him again, but for a different reason than before.
parents’ last year. Are you embarrassed of yours? Because, and I’ll remind you again, you’ve already met mine—the bar has been set fairly low.”
“Look, here!” The guard moved closer, putting his face directly against the grate.
,” Anna whined, screwing up her face into the beginnings of a sob.
Molly must have noticed his expression, because her shy smile quickly faded at the look on his face. Then John, slow with his limp, stepped up the last step and out from behind. “Oh!” she shrieked, flipping the tray in the air and sending chocolate all over the entryway. She put it in front of her waist to cover her bottom half. And then she recognized who was standing beside Sherlock, and dropped it, her mouth wide open.
Sherlock didn’t even bother hiding his shock. “What? What happened? Was she ill?”
Lestrade took a deep breath. “Oh, bloody hell.” He reached into his side pocket and pulled out a taser gun. “I’m sorry, Sherlock.”
John had taken in the sight of him and now he was finished. He bent down and picked up the freshly split pieces of wood and tossed them into the wheelbarrow along with the others. He set up the next log on the stump and raised the axe above his shoulder and brought it down again.
There was a gasp.
to bring it back. He does not want the public, nor even the police force, to know we’re looking for it.” Sherlock smirked again. “I wonder if he even wants the government to know.” He let that thought rest in the air for a moment with the photograph, then swiftly stuck it back in the envelope and sat back in front of his microscope. “So," he said, placing his elbows on the table and folding his hands in front of his chin. “You’ll be there? Monday evening?”
Mycroft shook his head and tutted. “Annalise, you have a much better memory and powers of observation than that. Calm yourself and tell me, what just happened?”
thought Sherlock in disbelief.
Neither of them responded.
Hands were on him, restraining. “Sherlock! Sherlock, look at me.” His eyes left Lestrade as the hands turned him around and Mycroft’s face swam into view.
“You fucking
John awoke a few hours later. It was early afternoon judging by where the sunlight was shining on the cabin walls. It took a moment for him to realize it was not diffused through the clouds. It beamed bright and yellow and John craned his neck to look out the window which hurt his back and his shoulder as they were very stiff. Sleeping on the floor had not been a good idea. But he saw that the latest storm had passed and the sky was blue and the sun was shining. He stared at it and his eyes watered from the brightness.
John was quiet for a long moment. “Cameras can be switched off.”
John was sitting and resting his arms on his knees and he looked up when he heard the door open. “You found me,” he said. “Figured you would.”
“Also, this is pretty much illegal for me to say, for confidentiality reasons, but I thought it would help things along if you knew.” She took a deep breath. “John is in love with you, too.”
“Yes. Fine.”
. Carruthers. “Out shopping,” the husband had said, with an easy smile.
It didn’t take long to spot John—Sherlock would’ve recognized the back of his head anywhere. His hair was completely silver, though still thick and full (at least, it looked that way from behind). His shoulders looked a little more stooped than Sherlock remembered….
“But you are going to attack the British government,” John interrupted, “which makes you a terrorist. I’m a soldier, Mary. I’m not about to aid a terrorist.”
John put up his hands as if he were approaching a wild animal about to bolt the other direction. “Sherlock, I know this is a shock—“ He took another step, and Sherlock backed up again. “Okay,” said John. He stood still. “Okay, I’m not coming any closer.”
Sherlock thought about that for a second. Was John right? Was he getting all worked up about this for no reason? Was this indeed friend-love, the same thing John felt for him?
“I—I know,” I said, even though I didn’t. I didn’t know how I wanted it to be. He was married. He had a child. He had loved me for years.
It was even better than playing by herself, or listening to music; she went to The Void, but this time, there were three other people there with her. They’d dissolve their separate identities and become one entity of sound, throbbing and humming together. And when they’d finished, they’d all look at each other, bright-eyed and excited, because they’d just made something amazing. They were all part of that same experience; she’d bonded with each of them.
John chuckled softly. “Doesn’t matter now, does it? You weren’t actually suicidal. I would have just embarrassed myself.”
“And when Mycroft came to me after I’d escaped the bomb and asked me if I had the key,” Sherlock continued, a slow smile spreading across his face, “I told him I gave it to you.”
John finished urinating and cleaned up the floor, then took a deep breath and went downstairs. He shuffled into the kitchen, where Sherlock was perched over his microscope, adjusting the focus wheel. Sherlock didn’t look up or say anything as John stopped and stared at him.
John fidgeted and glanced back at Sherlock. “No, I think I’ll stay for a bit.”
warm, and sweet, like sleep… like
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at her. “If you don’t obey me, I may just have to ground you.”
“John—“ Sherlock began, their eyes locking.
John was out of his seat in a flash, all previous trains of thought forgotten. “Yes,” he said, to the surgeon standing in front of them with the clipboard in her hands. “How is she?”
“Please, John.” Sherlock’s voice was suddenly laced with bitterness. “Don’t act as if it’s an actual
“What do you want?” Sherlock's voice was barely audible.
The Yard had looked into that, too, but it had checked out. And with the corroborating accounts from neighbors saying that they
He had but a split second to take in the scene in front of him—two people (
before stretching out its front paws and yawning.
“Is that what you want?” I asked.
Mrs. Hudson twisted her lips and looked uncomfortable. “Well, as bad when he thought
The lump forced itself up farther, expanding, spreading the ache to John’s eyes and nose.
All of a sudden, Sherlock began to chuckle. John pondered him, lost, as always, as Sherlock’s laughs intensified. “What the hell is so funny?” he asked, when he couldn’t take it anymore.
“Oh yes, what was his name? Redboy?” Sherlock’s father asked, jovially.
“I don’t care about statements, Greg. I don’t care about speculation, I don’t care about testimonies.” John turned and pushed himself into the corner of the wall to muffle his voice, his mouth brushing the edge of the phone as he spoke. “Do you know how many lives Sherlock has saved? Do you know how many crimes he’s stopped, and how many more he’s prevented?” John didn’t wait for a response. “Neither do I, because there are too goddamn many to count.
Anna immediately thought about kicking the man between his legs. But, though she had a full range of motion from the waist down, she doubted she could kick that far backwards. She couldn’t move her arms up or her head over, so poking at his eyes or trying to head butt him (as if she knew how to do
, he thought, again.
Sherlock had been looking out the window at the last bit of light fading above the trees but now he blinked back to John’s direction. He opened his mouth and closed it again. “That would be nice,” he said finally.
John’s gruff demeanor faded and his features grew softer. “Give me your hand,” he instructed.
Suddenly, the door to the outer room was blown clear off its hinges and twenty armored police poured in, shouting.
Mary chose that moment to come home. John didn’t know why, but when he heard her key in the lock, he jumped so far out of his chair that he nearly tripped. Sherlock, at least, remained seated and calmly collected the glasses and scotch bottle as if cleaning up from a leisurely nightcap. “Good evening, Mary,” he greeted.
Sherlock squeezed through the morass and pushed in front of whoever they were talking to at the moment. “Welcome back!” he greeted, making sure to go to Mary first. He hugged her, then inclined his head at John. “John,” he acknowledged.
John’s cheeks tinged pink. “Well, no.”
“Has Mrs. Hudson finished the pies?”
“Shite,” John said, because in all their haste, they'd forgotten to tell her he was alive. The landlady was more stooped than she had been, and her hair was no longer colored, but grey, and shorter than he remembered. She had been old before, but now… and with that look on her face, absolutely petrified with shock… “Shite, Mrs. Hudson, I’m so sorry.”
, and I couldn’t stop it. I thought of how many times I’d had to force myself to try and get this far with other people, but I had never managed it. I’d never got this close. But I was getting close, now. I’d never orgasmed in front of anyone else before, but oh, Christ in heaven, I was going to with John. I was going to, into his hand, in the dim light of my bedroom, with him whispering encouragement into my ear, with him kissing my neck. His lips,
Sherlock made a little noise that sounded suspiciously like a snort. “John, they’re simply frightening.”
“So whatever you’re going to do... it cannot be worse than that.”
“She said she wouldn’t tell,” Sherlock blurted out. “She promised she wouldn’t tell you I was here.”
“I could tell,” he finally began, “that you couldn’t get past how you…
. This is what it bloody
“Simple?
She’d stomped off, and Sherlock had never heard from her again. He knew that was a grand bit of luck; if Harry
John opened his mouth to scold him again, but somehow a laugh escaped him instead. “Such a child,” he muttered.
, he thought, frustrated.
, by the whole scenario. I mean, a week ago you were dead, and yesterday you were very much alive and sharing my bed as my… lover
Anna turned to the vault doors. They were very modern-looking, with a key-card swipe and thumbprint screen. There were no vents into the vault, at least from the room she was in.
“Why not?” she asked.
However, the bottom, as it turned out, was not the main floor; it was the garage basement. Anna flung the door open, expecting to see a lobby and exit doors, and got quite a shock as the three of them tumbled into the dim, silent parking structure. She looked around with haste for a stream of natural light or an exit sign. Sherlock found an arrow on the floor and pointed, hissing “Come on!”, his voice echoing eerily off the walls. There were no cars in the lot, not a one.
“Just...” John started, “just tell me the truth.” He took a deep breath. “Are you in love with me?”
“No,” he said, his voice a little shaky. “And no,” he answered, “I haven’t.” He looked silly with embarrassment.
John stopped, a foot away from me.
Molly put down the scalpel she was holding. “Sherlock, she does know what sex
But now, seeing her thirteen-year-old daughter’s face in front of her, a face that she hadn’t been there to laugh with or comfort or watch grow up, all she felt was guilt. Anna had lived without either of her parents, her entire heritage a mystery, because Mary could not give up her obsessive need for revenge. She thought she could, once—when Anna was born, she decided that she was done with the treasure, done with Moriarty, done with that life. But then the key had appeared, and in Moriarty’s grasp, no less—and she couldn’t control herself. She had to have it.
He was just giving it to me when John showed up in the doorway, holding coffee and a bag of scones.
Finally, John opened his eyes. “Okay. You can move.”
After dressing he made a fire and put the kettle on for tea. The snow had stopped again but it had accumulated a lot during the night and he could see out the kitchen window that there were larger drifts now which had formed outside his front steps. He poured the hot water over his teabag to steep and then got down the old radio from the top shelf. John didn’t care much for listening to the radio, certainly not for any music or news, and there were only a few stations that came in at all out where he lived. The reason he had the radio was for when he wanted to know the weather report.
Both John and Anna started forward to catch her, and she collapsed weakly in their arms. John took the brunt of the force, and knelt on the ground, leaning her backward. She stared up at him with glassy eyes and lifted a trembling hand to his cheek.
When it was over, they stayed against the wall, their foreheads pressed to one another’s, panting, coming back to themselves.
she thought.
“Erm… have you got like, a ‘doctor’s kit’ or something? You know, for making house calls?”
Sherlock spun around just as the taser hit him, sending him to the ground in convulsions. Lestrade again glanced over to where John was laying, and John tried to give him a reassuring look. Lestrade nodded once, lifted Sherlock’s body over his shoulder, and hurried to the exit without another look back.
Sherlock got inside and John shut the door. He mimicked John and stripped off his boots and his coat. His trousers had buckled suspenders and these he unbuckled and shrugged them off to reveal a thick knitted jumper and jeans. John didn’t think he’d ever seen Sherlock in jeans before and he caught himself staring a little at the sight. Then Sherlock brushed off his hat and John saw his hair
Sherlock glanced in John’s direction. “He began to cry.”
“You....” He looked at me uneasily. “You didn’t just have a panic attack to get out of talking to me, right?”
“Not yet, my darling,” Carruthers replied. He stood and studied Sherlock, another smile spreading across his lips.
“Bugger the dreams. Answer the damn question.”
, and Sherlock had sent him away.
The feeling starts as a tingling sensation in my extremities, as if blood circulation has been absent for several minutes. It’s not necessarily unpleasant, but it’s not pleasurable either, so I attempt to ignore it, at first—as I do most other tedious bodily sensations—but the feeling steadily intensifies. It expands down my arms and up my legs, and then morphs from a tingle to an itch (a more intrusive excitation). I manage to avoid scratching it for another minute or two, but then it reaches my torso and crosses the threshold from nuisance to pain.
“I’ve never fucked to the opera, before,” says John, with a wicked grin.
Sherlock pressed his fingers to his temples, pacing again. “What was it Mary said, once—that I could only solve a case when it mattered? Remember, the Mayfly Man? I couldn’t figure it out until Major Sholto’s life was on the line. Mycroft and Mary
To my misfortune, John followed me and crouched beside me. He wobbled in place, gathering his balance, and reached out to grasp my thigh to steady himself. His hand lingered there a little too long. He squeezed before he let go.
Mary winked at him. “Oh, Sherlock, I’m joking. Don’t look so scared. Do you think I would give this baby away right now? Just look at her, the angel. Feeding her is my favorite time of day.”
, that she was looking at. True, the woman was selfish and crazy and probably evil and Anna didn’t know her from Eve, but… she was her
Sherlock grabbed the top of John’s hair and tugged him back on the bed. “I didn’t like that shirt, anyway,” he seethed, as John pretended to fight his grip. Sherlock held him fast and tutted. “Now, now, quit fussing. You do want me to go back to that
. That I’d always wanted it. That there wasn’t anything to lose now, and so I had to tell him. Words poured out of me in a way they’d never done before, which was really saying something, knowing how often and spectacularly I monologued.
different kinds of doctors, you know.”
Molly stared, waiting for it—although what more John could possibly ask of her, she didn’t know. She’d already given him the man she loved, what else did he want?
, John thought.
She got a shock as the knife slid in up to the hilt—she hadn’t practiced with a real knife before, and didn’t realize how light of a touch she needed to stab someone. She looked into the man’s eyes, his wide, fearful eyes, and felt powerful. She stared him down as she pulled the knife out, hot blood oozing onto her hand.
To feel what it was like to have the force of John in her life, and to
John then suggested a change in activity, and Sherlock decided to pull out his violin for a “musical interlude.” Anna groaned, telling him that his melancholy tunes would sour the mood. He was affronted and asked her what should he play instead? She stood with a glint in her eye, said roughly that she’d show him if he let her have a sip of that brandy—and Sherlock’s judgment was so loosed by the drink that he gave it to her. John laughed heartily as she coughed and retched and her eyes watered down her face.
“Who the fuck are you?” John interrupted, looking her up and down. She and the police officer both blinked at him, and Sherlock lifted an eye from his knees.
John raised his eyebrows at her.
“That’s what I’m afraid of,” I countered, looking up again. “You expect me to be a genius all the time, including in the bedroom. What if I’m not?”
They started at the same time, the words melding together, then stopped, smiling shyly at each other.
“I’m so proud of you,” Sherlock whispered.
“Somebody better tell me what the fuck is going on.”
John sighed for what felt like the thousandth time that day. “I don’t know what that
Alternatively, she could do what he asked. Kill these people.
He looked down at Molly, who was resting her head on his chest. He felt very strange now that his physical desire had been satisfied. It was like he was two different people, and he was trying to reconcile them, and he was failing miserably. He had memories of what just happened, but they seemed to him like scenes from a film: his mouth on her lips, neck, breasts; her hands on his chest, in his hair, pulling him into a curl on top of her. Limbs over limbs, under limbs, sticking together. Grasping the hard, metal table beneath them. Tension building, then exploding in release, her breathing loud in his ear, his involuntary groan into her neck. His hearing gone muffled. Collapsing onto the floor beside the table, where he was lying now, remembering everything.
Sherlock had discovered that, like most other things he tried, he was very good at sex. He learned quickly what John liked and was not afraid to experiment with new techniques. His hands were deft, from playing violin all those years, and soon he had begun to play John’s body in much the same way. And John was not shy about praising him (which was nothing new, to be sure), and Sherlock was made more confident for the positive feedback.
At that, Sherlock had raised his eyebrows and leaned forward and said, low and rumbly, “I will, but I have to be high first.”
, Sherlock told himself, when he’d read the text from John and his heart leapt into his throat.
Soon they were flying down the staircase, John reloading his gun as they went. They heard shots come from above, and Anna shrieked in surprise as Sherlock pushed them flat against the wall of the landing in front of floor four. John crouched low around the railing and fired his gun again and again toward the upper steps. “Go! I’ve got them!” he shouted, grimacing as bullets twanged on the metal bars. Sherlock stared at him, hesitating a moment, then grabbed Anna by the wrist to continue down the stairs.
Which frightened her all the more.
John was through waiting and kissed him again. Sherlock kissed him back. He pulled away as before, murmuring, “John” and John caught the encouragement this time. That was what he had been waiting for and he leaned into him and slid his hands round the back of Sherlock’s head and angled his face deeply into the next kiss. Sherlock drew his arms round John’s back and they were snogging properly now.
used to sit at the breakfast table and call out anyone who had slept with anyone else, embarrassing them on purpose, disgust in his voice, the
“Mary’s not dead; she’s very much alive, and still scheming.” Sherlock whirled around. “Four days ago a dead girl showed up at the morgue. She was thirteen years old, petite, with dark hair—Anna’s doppelganger. She’d been shot right in the chest, right in the same spot that Mary shot me when I caught her with Magnussen. I thought it was a hit on Anna’s life, I thought they were threatening me, taunting me, and I thought I had to go find them, to take them out before they killed another person I cared about. Which is
“But…” John’s eyes grew even larger. “But you
Sherlock is laying on his back with the empty glass beakers shattered on the floor around him. Sherlock is between John’s legs and John is literally ripping his shirt open and feeling his way around the man’s chest and stomach with his hands and his mouth. He makes it down to his trousers and unbuckles the belt.
, though Sherlock.
Sherlock sighed. “I suppose. But your marks still have to improve. This can’t interfere with your studies—and if it does, no more band.”
After a moment, John stood up and returned to the kitchen for supper with his family.
“That’s most certainly not how I look,” Sherlock argued. He popped up from the chair and stood in front of her. “It’s more like this.” He proceeded to match Anna’s expression, except every so often he tilted his head slightly, still keeping her gaze.
. What did it matter, what Sherlock felt? What anyone felt? For God’s sake, couldn’t John prioritize for once in his life? Sherlock cursed the human heart and its utter stupidity, having never in his life believed so strongly, as he did in that moment, that sentiment was the greatest weakness of mankind.
Anna turned around and was about to argue the point, but in her haste took her feet off the pedals. The car jolted forward and died, and Sherlock was thrown up against John’s seat. He landed in the crevice between the front and back of the vehicle, legs and arms tangled and sticking out every which way.
“No.”
It had been easier than she’d thought. She’d run out of the museum and into an alleyway, and that’s when they’d grabbed her.
Molly sniffed and wiped her eyes, and nodded. “Okay. That’s a good idea.”
Thirty minutes earlier, John had burst through the door of 221B, eyes wild and chest heaving beneath a heavy spatter of blood. Sherlock and Mary and the baby on her hip had turned away from the telly to take in the sight, still in shock from the news report that had just popped up: “
Lestrade blinked at him for a second. “Follow me.”
I was livid. I hadn’t solved the case—Anderson had. Anderson, of all the sodding imbeciles on the planet, had been the one to—and I had stood there, like a fool, completely and utterly useless. And all because John had been there, he’d distracted me, but it was more than that. It was more than just a little distraction, he’d somehow rewired my whole bloody brain. I didn’t care about cases anymore. I hadn’t, for a long time.
John thrust his hips up again. “Your mouth. Please.”
Anna’s eyes lit up as John held out the keys to her; she grabbed them excitedly and bounded to the driver’s side. John slid into the passenger seat and adjusted his bad leg to a comfortable position as Anna put the keys into the ignition and gripped the wheel eagerly.
When John arrived back home, he hung up his coat and kicked off his shoes and went to the kitchen to give Mary a kiss on the cheek. “What’s for supper?” he asked, with a smile.
“I’ll take some time first to develop relationships with the leaders in our network, and then, once I’m ready to take over, you’ll kill him,” Mary continued, simply, as if she were listing out the shopping. “You have the proper motivation already. We’ll make it look like you escaped, got your revenge. That way I can’t be tied to it, I can’t be blamed or mistrusted. I’ll usurp his position easily.”
“Sherlock!” John had banged on the door for several minutes. “This is just as uncomfortable for me as it is for you! But we can’t act like it never happened.” No response, of course. John had a wild thought, suddenly, of Sherlock in his room, slitting his wrists or somehow otherwise trying to off himself. He pushed the thought away, how ridiculous, the situation wasn’t
“Do you still love me?” he finally asked.
“Well, what do you
“Come on.” John took one of my elbows in his hand as he made his way back toward my bedroom. Once we were there, he turned the lock on the door. It clicked, and he looked up at me. And I realized: this was a moment that would change things. Between us, between everything else in our lives. Every
Sherlock squinted at the stack of newspapers:
This was the one topic we had avoided, and I had a hunch that I knew why. Because in this, John was faced with his own version of oil and water: his marriage to Mary, and his love for me. Those two didn’t mix, either.
Carruthers’ body lay shivering in a pool of blood, his face a sickly, pale-blue color, eyes wide open and bloodshot. Lestrade stared at him for a moment. Then, he raised the gun. “I should have shot you when I had the chance,” he murmured, echoing his earlier words to John. He cocked the weapon. “I should have blown your brains out, like I did your bitch wife.” He squeezed the trigger.
Sherlock turned to look at him, his heart beginning to beat faster. “They won’t.”
“Sherlock?”
“With women,” Sherlock grunted, trying to sound indifferent to what was happening below his waist. His body had begun to tremble, though, from excitement.
“I knew he wanted it. You know how we know things.” She nodded at me. “I knew he wanted to be a father, so badly, and that I’d sucked him into my trap, like I knew how to do when I wanted, and he was oblivious to it. I’d been so horrid, I was so horrid, and here was this wonderful person, who I didn’t deserve, who’d go through the rest of his life broken if I didn’t give him what he wanted.”
Lestrade noticed.
Sexual dreams were even rarer. He’d had them more when he was younger, in his teenage years, but usually they were dreams about masturbating—he was never very attracted to the other pupils in school (they were all too stupid to be desirable), and porn was so obviously fake that he couldn’t see how
This story is a lot more plot-heavy than the other ones I've written and was very much a challenge for me; as such, sometimes it's convoluted, and it’s sometimes downright ridiculous. (But then again, so are many of the adventures in the Sherlock canon.) So thank you, to all of the readers who made it through until the end! I hope you all enjoyed reading as much as I enjoyed writing. <3
Sherlock had whirled around on his heel and exited Lestrade’s office. However, a second later, he popped back in. “Where’s this party?”
Because she was a liar, too.
normal.
Though, ladies and gentlemen, just between you and me... they’re the best dreams I’ve ever had.
“Shhh, it’s alright,” John said to him, trying to sound soothing, but feeling as if he wasn’t anywhere near it. Sherlock choked out another sob. “Do you want me to stop?” John made as if to pull his finger out.
John nodded wearily. “Yes. They must have determined that
were initials.”
“John—“
“Yes, Anna,” Mycroft said, firmly. “But it really doesn’t matter, because we cannot wait any longer to put you in the field.” He considered her. “Do
Sherlock’s complexion was blotchy with rage. “How long have you known this?” he questioned, the muscles in his face twitching. Molly could only sob again. “
He wanted to tell Sherlock that wasn’t true, that he’d never lose him, that they would be best friends for the rest of their lives. That he hadn’t lied when he said that nothing was going to change, by his marrying Mary. But the truth was Sherlock was right. It had been months since John had gone with him on a case; hell, barring the last time John was over, it had been months since he’d even set foot in 221B. And that wasn’t just because he’d been busy. He hadn’t gone because he knew that, when he did, all he’d think about was how much he wanted that life again—that rollercoaster, dangerously exiting life—and could never have it. Not that being a husband and father wasn’t thrilling in its own way… just not the way he wanted most.
I snorted. “You’re taking the piss.”
Anna swallowed. “Do you think he will come after me?”
Sherlock felt his skin shrink.
“Well, that certainly wasn’t the impression I got when you first walked in the door.” Sherlock licked him again. “Have you changed your mind?” He put his lips over the head and sucked lightly. “Hmmm?” he asked again, taking John deeper into his mouth and using the vibrations from his voice as extra stimulation. “Which way is it, John?” he asked, letting John’s cock fall out and onto his abdomen. “Do you want me to stop, or keep sucking you off?”
“Don’t you dare tell him,” said my mother, giving me cold-eye death stare that I’d inherited from her. I clamped my mouth shut and frowned. It would have been so satisfying to hold something like this over Mycroft. I had already been planning when I was going to reveal it to him. “Promise me,” she warned.
That was silly, though. They all lived in the same damn city—it was shocking that he hadn’t seen
“Alright, okay,” John conceded. “I know, how dare I suggest you do something
sulk around, reading bad literature and getting fat.”
(and impossibly intelligent—)
“Please,” Sherlock begged, John wasn’t really sure what for as he was still clutching John to him and still intermittently kissing him. So John just kept doing the same thing he had been since he was about to come anyway and he didn’t have the practice or patience to focus on anything more. Everything else, the cabin, the fire, the snow, the cow and chickens and the dog and the pond and John’s broken life blurred and faded out of reach as his movements became short and quick and he dropped his head into the space between Sherlock’s chin and collarbone and slammed his fist into the floorboards by Sherlock’s head and groaned. His cock pulsed and he felt the front of his trousers grow hot and wet. Sherlock’s arms were around his back holding him through it and it felt so bloody good, John had forgotten. He had forgotten this.
“Until you’ve positioned yourself. Until you’re ready for me to kill him. How long will that be? It’s got to be long enough for me to recover.” He glanced down at his injuries.
. It’s cold outside. I want to play with Lyra!” Anna ran to the couch and picked up her new doll, just opened that morning.
Sherlock coughed. “Just… erm… leave them.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John sighed. “Your water’s in the barn, back the way you came.” He jerked his head toward the barn to show her. The cow bayed again, as if to say that she didn’t remember that, and anyway, if she had she couldn’t have found her way back to the barn by herself, she was just a cow. John went up to her and put on the halter and hooked his fingers between the bottom of it under her chin, since he didn’t have the lead to clip he’d have to bring her back with his hand under her head the whole way. He tugged gently and she followed him back to the barn with her head bobbing up and down. John made sure to keep awareness of where his feet were and where hers were too. He’d been stepped on before and that was not an event he’d ever like to repeat.
The man screamed and staggered to the alley wall, staring at Anna in complete shock and horror. The scream nudged Anna out of her reverie, and she dropped the knife to grab Molly’s arm. “Come on!” she yelled and pulled her into a run.
“I understand perfectly,” Sherlock interrupted, a little peeved at the condescendence. “The difference is, I already knew you were sleeping with Mary when we… started. But she still thinks the two of you are exclusive. I’m not an idiot, John.”
we’re talking about. He’s not going to let you rot in a prison cell, under Moriarty’s control, for two years. He’s going to try to rescue you, he won’t be able to help himself, and he’ll fuck up my plans to take over the network. He loves you, John, and love… love is a most
He stroked my hair. “What are your symptoms?”
Sherlock came out of the bathroom then in his same jeans and jumper, and John wondered how long he planned to stay and wear those same clothes. He must not have thought he would be here long or surely he would have brought a change. Washing clothes took time and effort and fuel as well so John didn’t do it all the time. Reflecting on all of this now he felt slightly embarrassed. He was sure he smelled atrocious. But the feeling was fleeting, John didn’t really care about how he smelled. Sherlock had come to his home uninvited and if he had to smell John’s unpleasant body odor as a consequence then that was no fault of John’s.
“Approximately thirty seconds.”
There was some movement then and John paid little attention to it until it drifted from the chair to the space on the floor behind him. Then suddenly there was heat behind him too. A different sort of heat, even and gradual and not like the biting hot spots of the fire. John kept his eyes closed because they were heavy and they were dry and he knew the heat came from Sherlock’s body and that Sherlock was lying behind him. “You should be in front,” John murmured sleepily and he felt a brief flutter of cool air and then a weight over his shoulder as Sherlock pulled the blanket over top of him too. “Warmer in front.”
“She told me there was a man following her on the way to her interview. On a bicycle, too. She said he was hanging out on the corner of the street where the family lived, and he stared at her as she went by and then followed her all the way to the house. He passed her after she stopped, but she said it was very odd… very
Sherlock let his hand fall away, the snow blurred by his tears—just debris floating through the air. There had been a lot of debris, after the explosion; the air had looked not much different than this. Sherlock allowed himself to remember one of his old fantasies, one of the first, where he’d stood up on shaky legs, turned toward the ruined building, and through the smoke and the ash had seen a figure stumbling toward him, blackened and broken, but alive.
“Hey, mate,” Lestrade greeted, tiredly. “Nice to see you out and about.”
“Oh, Sherlock.” John wiped his face. “Can we please just sit?”
He smiled and looked at me again. “Tell me what you want me to do with it.”
Thinking about John still made his heart ache in a most terrible way.
, John thought.
hard,” he retorted. “And what are you complaining about, you’re young, you should have more than enough energy to complete that journey without issue. I, on the other hand, am nearly fifty years old, and just returned from hospital—it is I who should be complaining.”
John looked up at him over the tent in his pants. “Ah, so you only did that for the reciprocation? Well,” he said, standing up, “that makes me not want to do it after all.” His eyes twinkled.
As it turned out, the burning wasn’t purely in my head. I awoke the next morning with an interesting rash on my hands and feet which, after a quick trip to the internet, I discovered was a symptom of extreme vitamin deficiency.
right, you should really put on your seatbelt.”
“He’s… alive.”
“I’m not asking you to.”
God, if I only knew. Even half the time would be fine.
in the middle of raising a toddler, who puts everything she can get her hands on into her mouth. So no experiments allowed, I’m afraid.”
“Nonsense,” she chided, as she picked up another plate. "I’m perfectly fine.”
Sherlock was flabbergasted. He shook his head, in disgust. “Of all the things you’ve done, of all the terrible things, this one is the worst. You are no brother of mine.” Then he turned on his heel and marched into his bedroom, slamming the door behind him.
“Jesus Christ almighty,” John hissed. Sherlock ran his tongue under the full length of John’s shaft, swirling it around the head. “Oh fucking
Suddenly, the fire alarm blared out an eardrum-hemorrhaging shriek, making Lestrade and Carruthers both cringe. Lestrade pressed a finger to the microphone. “You sit tight; I’ll come round to extract you in a moment.”
John felt a shot of adrenaline. He switched on the lamp and knelt with one knee on Sherlock’s bed, grabbing his best friend to steady the flailing. “Sherlock—Sherlock, wake up—“ he instructed, firmly, and leaned in with all his weight to restrain the sleeping man. “Sherlock, it’s okay, it’s—“
The lady is doing the second verse. She’s quite warmed up and is really starting to give it some flourish. I can’t help but think of it as a metaphor, as I thrust on top of John’s face.
John jumped, remembering his manners. “Of course!” he said, stepping back to let them through. They entered the little foyer, unbuttoning their coats and unwrapping scarves, Anna taking off her cap, Sherlock fluffing his damp hair (he never had much cared for wearing a hat).
upset about the recent turn of events. Sure, he didn’t approve of John’s drinking himself to death’s door every night, but John would eventually move on from that stage of grief—he didn’t
Sherlock’s voice was pleading and John sighed. He knew that Sherlock would talk about everything now, because John had showed his weakness of emotion by going for a walk instead of to get the meat. It was what Sherlock had been waiting for and John had given it to him inadvertently. He supposed it would happen eventually. The great Sherlock Holmes could do anything, even make John care about things he no longer cared about.
“You’re important too.”
Sherlock jumped up and chased after her, kicking up sand behind him. “Oh no you don’t!” he shouted, and she shrieked with excitement as he ganged on her. They splashed through the surf and he caught her and flipped her over. “That’s it, into the ocean with you,” he said with resolve, walking out into the waves. She screamed between bursts of laughter as he mimed throwing her into the great blue deep.
John rubbed his forehead in frustration. “What do you want me to say?
“That was not the first time you’ve been so drunk. And that is, according to you, a perfectly acceptable expression of grief. But last night you were drunk
John’s tears spilled over, and he didn’t respond.
Molly knew immediately what Anna had been up to. After she’d explained it to a flustered and disbelieving Sherlock, she’d come into Anna’s room to talk to her. With a sad smile, she’d told Anna that it was a sweet gesture and not to worry about Sherlock’s reaction as he had a hard time noticing that sort of thing. Anna was frightfully embarrassed that Molly and Sherlock had figured out what she’d been up to and had hid her face in her pillow. But after a few seconds, she’d looked up at Molly and asked, “Why doesn’t Sherlock get married?”
“But lying to Moriarty is going to be much more difficult,” Mycroft continued. “And in the event that you are caught in a lie, you need to know how to defend yourself. So, we are going to start with defense training.”
“I know that I haven’t been a good mother—or any sort of mother, really—“ Mary began, but then stopped suddenly as she watched Anna bend down and grab the handles of the iron box. “Anna, what are you—“
Sherlock looked him up-and-down, then winked over at Mary, who laughed and gazed back in wonder. He spun around to face the couch again. “And now, it’s Anna’s turn!” he proclaimed, and she screamed with happiness as he grabbed her and kissed the top of her head. “Now, off to your Mum and Dad,” he whispered in her ear, and let her go. She scrambled over the coffee table and jumped onto John’s legs.
Mycroft snapped to attention and turned to the crew behind him. “Detain the one on the ground,” he ordered. Two men got out of the aircraft and went to a very offended-looking John, each gripping an arm and helping (or dragging, more like) him back to the helicopter. The blades began to spin again, and Mycroft turned to Sherlock. “Anna?” he asked.
“I really am. I’m going to do The Smile.”
“Mistaken?” John repeated, and then crossed his arms. “It’s one thing if you want to kiss me, Sherlock. It’s quite another if you’re in love.”
John chuckled again, low and deep in his chest, and I hated him—but also, I laid my head back down onto it to feel the vibrations.
Anna’s mouth fell open. “You threw it in the
“Do you know a young woman by the name of Violet Smith?” Sherlock watched closely for his reaction.
Sherlock breathed loudly and rapidly through his nose; he was unable to get enough oxygen that way, but he couldn’t open his mouth, he couldn’t, or else he would—
that there should be sacrifice for a greater purpose. She felt it was a slippery slope. How far would Mycroft go to protect the world? How far
That’s insane. What the hell am I supposed to do for two bloody years?“
Mycroft swallowed and tried to calm himself—but that didn’t quite work, because Mary’s bullets began to hit their craft. All of them ducked down at the sound of the artillery, all except for the driver, who was promptly shot through the eye. The boat slowed abruptly and the other three pitched forward. “Oh, for God’s sake,” groaned Mycroft, grabbing the dead driver by the collar and hauling him out of the seat. He slid down in his place and the boat was off again, in hot pursuit.
However, John seemed to have other plans for this afternoon. “Hey,” he said softly, putting his hand over mine to still it. “Why don’t we try something else today, hm?” He smiled down at me, his eyes already glazed with lust.
John didn’t respond, but Sherlock could tell he was heartbroken. He turned and shuffled to the window, running his hands over his face and through his hair. Sherlock kept standing with his arm resting on the chair, waiting for John to say something more.
Pointed at all three of them.
when you kept telling anyone who would listed how absolutely
He knew what was going through John’s head:
,” Sherlock echoed, the word hissed from his lips like a curse. “This is the price we pay for
“No, I told you, John. He won’t talk to anyone.”
“Cruel woman, indeed,” muttered Anna. Sherlock leapt past her to the safety of Mrs. Hudson’s presence.
“I’m ready,” Sherlock said, his voice thick and throaty.
“I’m going to make an appointment to see my therapist again.”
It was John.
She looked up at him. “Okay,” she agreed.
” Sherlock screamed at him. And then he began to cry, too.
“Come on, John,
“Why don’t I go visit Mrs. Hudson while you… do whatever it is you’re going to do, and you can come get me when you’re ready to talk.”
,” groaned John, the bags under his eyes impossibly dark. Anna sat on his lap, screaming her head off, as she’d been doing for the past two hours since Mary had gone out for the evening.
But John knew he couldn’t do it. He just couldn’t. Because if Sherlock’s parents had been right, if he hadn’t loved anyone like this before, then that love must be extremely powerful, to have broken through to his heart. John knew what it was like, to have a force like that in one’s life. Mary had been that, for him. It was a force that could build a person up, but it could also destroy, if taken away.
, he thought bitterly. He supposed he should have been happy, but the fact that John didn’t know anything was entirely unhelpful.
“With
Today, they would be.
And once it was closed, there was nothing but John and Sherlock, staring at each other in the thickest silence either of them had ever experienced.
“Look, it’s not your fault. It was my fault. I’m sorry. I distracted you on purpose, and—“
John thought wildly.
Anna smashed her lips closed to keep from laughing, with a guilty glance back to Sherlock. “Sorry. But he
“And then, we went to visit your papa, didn’t we, Anna?” Sherlock cooed, feeding her a spoonful of mashed potatoes. He kept Lestrade in his periphery.
“Good,” praised Mycroft, his eyes alight. “Now what can you
The two of them turned around to look at her. “My, how many dolls do you have?” Mrs. Hudson asked.
“I mean, at all. I can’t see you, in any capacity.”
“Wait—“ Molly started, her expression suddenly fearful. “Shouldn’t you call Mycroft?”
“No! No. It’s more than that. It’s just... I’ve never... I don’t think I can... feel, that way, about someone, if I’m not... feeling... other things.”
I scowled and made a sound of protest in the back of my throat. “Please. This can’t be how everyone in love feels!”
“Promise me,” Sherlock whispered. “Promise me. I need you.”
“Thanks,” said Sherlock. He closed his eyes.
But John didn’t go to get the meat. Instead he went for a walk in the woods.
Sherlock’s eyes were blazing with rage. “Nothing is fine, Mycroft. It is the opposite of fine.” He was shaking. “We had a deal. You promised you wouldn’t tell her.”
“Quite exciting," Sherlock answered, dryly. “She received a new rocking horse and promptly spent the rest of the morning playing in the box. Honestly, why do we even bother buying gifts for children?”
There was an echo of a door opening, and footsteps across the concrete, tentative, light. Anna looked up wearily and blinked back her tears, focusing on a short, pretty woman with long, dark hair, her blue eyes staring intently into Anna’s brown ones. The door closed, and that echoed, too.
So what
“Damn it, Mycroft!” Sherlock swore. “I thought you said—“
Despite John’s apparent unwillingness to snog, his hands somehow found their way around Sherlock’s waist, and he kissed back with his tongue. “Sherlock,” he whispered, as Sherlock broke away again to undo John’s belt buckle. “Sherlock, not
“Oh, this is ridiculous!” John huffed, suddenly. He reached down into his trouser pocket and fished around for a second before pulling out an ornate, silver key. “Here’s the bloody thing.”
“Be back soon, love.” John kissed her on the head, then turned to Sherlock. “Shall we find somewhere quieter?”
Mary shushed him and pointed to a sleeping toddler in her arms. She waved to John and then padded down the hall to put Anna into bed.
John gets that glazed look and goes all obedient underneath me, the way he always does when I decide to take control. I don’t do it very often, as (I’m loathe to admit) I am quite self-conscious during sex. It only happens on the rare occasion, such as this, that he’s got me so hot I no longer care. I brace myself on the arm of the couch with one hand and guide my cock into his mouth with the other.
Or would have been, had it not been marred by black-and-blue splotches.
Sherlock watched him for a while and then stood up and put his cup in the sink. “I can do that, if you like.”
. You know, if you were me, and he was you, and I…” she stopped, confused.
Molly was open-mouthed once more.
to go, yeah?”
Sherlock blanched. “
“Fuck,” John said.
John had got good at determining when it was going to rain or snow by considering the time of year and the look of the sky and clouds and the level of light and the wind. However there were a few times when he needed to know what would happen later in the day or the next few days. It was mainly in the first year when he wasn’t prepared for the harshness of winter and had run out of supplies and had to walk to the junction shop to get food. He’d started down the road without considering the forecast and had only made it part of the way in the knee-deep snow before the blizzard had set in. The wind blew harder and the snow began to fall sideways, obscuring his visibility, and fortunately he’d had the common sense to turn around. He’d barely been able to see his way back down the road to get home. If he had kept heading toward the shop he would have got lost and probably would have died from exposure. He’d made it back to the cabin and had to wait out the storm which lasted several days, which was when he’d stopped being a vegetarian as he had to eat something to survive. John had fixed up the old radio while he waited for the storm to pass and was able to find a weather report which told him the blizzard would last two more days and then there would be a few days’ break before the next one, enough time to get out to the shop and back with some food to last him until the next break. It had been a very long winter.
Sherlock and Anna were standing on the threshold, their coats covered in snowflakes. Their cheeks were rosy from the cold and the walk, eyes bright and friendly as they exhaled puffs of breath into the chilly air. John’s heart expanded. They looked
He’d definitely thought of them, of Mary, he had to have, and he was still kissing me. He was still in my room, with the door locked, kissing me and running his hands down my body. He wanted me more than her. He wanted me, he had since the beginning. He’d do anything for me. Still. He was still mine.
“I was being
“Really, Mycroft,” John added, “we can’t talk about it. And it’s really none of your business.”
think
vow, to always be there for all three of them, to protect them. And now two of them were dead—how had that
“But I’m short,” Anna protested. “It’s harder for my little legs!”
“No.”
, Sherlock.”
Anna sniveled, not meeting his eyes. “Yes.”
Violet began to whimper, then, from across the wall. Teresa immediately marched over and struck the side of her head with her fist. “Shut the fuck up!” she spat, as Sherlock barked out a “Don’t!”
“Of course,” said Anna, excited. Then she looked past Molly to where Sherlock was sitting in his chair, staring at them, his fingers steepled under his chin. “Can I go?” she asked, hesitantly.
“You had Mary,” Sherlock said, simply. “You were happy with her. You’d justified your new life. Anger, anger at me, would only cement that. The truth would have left you in pieces.” Sherlock stuffed his hands in his front jean pockets, in spite of himself. “And I’d already left you in pieces, once. I wasn’t about to do it again.”
“A couple of guys, David and Sam, and a girl Heidi who just transferred to my school,” she related. “I’m sure you’ve heard me talk about them…” she looked at Sherlock, and acted as if she was put-out that he hadn’t been listening to her.
was the plan, and nowhere did it mention that Sherlock and John would be involved. The fact that they were here meant that everything had gone to hell, that Mary had (once again) lied, and they were all in very grave danger. “
to you. So get the fuck
Or rather, what was left of John’s shirt. It was a small section of a two-ply piece, burnt and charred, a half-melted button on the end.
“That’s it,” Carruthers purred, in an eerily soothing voice. “Let’s hear it, Sherlock.” He squeezed again and thrust his cock into Sherlock’s arsehole more ferociously.
you were!”
Mycroft sighed. “I had my fun, but now it’s time for me to be the responsible one. As always. This is not a game, dear brother.”
Sherlock ignored him and continued. “No, you’re angry at the fact that
“Then you should tell him that,” she said, suddenly stern. “None of this, ‘I used you and I feel nothing.’”
Molly looked over in surprise. “Not with Mrs. Hudson?”
“It’s perfectly fine,” Sherlock retorted. “I’ve read up on it.” That was a lie, he’d done no such thing, but he wasn’t going to admit that John knew something he didn’t.
“Cross my heart,” she said.
Sherlock flew backwards, not sure if it was of his own volition or John’s pushing him off. They both turned their heads and saw—
But, as it turned out, John was not annoyed by all that—instead, he was bothered by Mary’s reaction to it.
John looked up through his fingers. He must have seen something alarming in my expression because he dropped his arms to his sides at once. “Isn’t that what
Lestrade held his finger just a few centimeters away from the bell. Sherlock had come here, absolutely sure that the family knew something about Violet Smith… and Sherlock was almost never wrong. And whether it was that fact, or his previous suspicions, or the glowing fog around the streetlights, the Detective Inspector lowered his hand and considered a second option.
Sherlock blinked at the screen. Mycroft? What the devil was Mycroft doing there? True, Sherlock had been avoiding his repeated texts for the last few weeks, but coming to John and Mary’s to track him down? There was a baby there. Mycroft hated babies.
“Oh!” Molly gasped, as he brushed his thumb over her clit. He felt it hot and swollen beneath his touch, even through her knickers. He kissed down the front of her chest, over her clavicle and her sternum, and Molly arched backwards in response, running her fingers gently through his curls, panting so forcefully that he could feel her breath moving the hair atop his scalp. He felt a sense of pride, a surge of confidence, that he was unraveling her this way.
“Oh my God.”
. He knew that I’d be like this, once he left. He knew no one else would compare, that I’d spend the rest of my life alone.
about that?” John pushed, his voice growing a little shrill.
“And then switched it to yours when they were marching us to the observation room.” John remembered that bit, now. Sherlock had obviously thought that the key was important, and that it shouldn’t fall into the wrong hands, so John had feigned stumbling as they crossed the threshold of a door, had fallen right into Sherlock—and had slipped the key into the pocket of his Belstaff.
about me?”
Mycroft’s expression as he stepped out of the helicopter put to rest any doubts Sherlock had about the reality of the moment; not even
. I had to let it all
Sherlock realized that he’d been going about this all the wrong way. He’d been pretending to be okay, going out by himself, when he really wasn’t. He’d been pretending that everything was back to normal. He’d thought that maybe if he pretended long enough, things would get there, eventually. But that was clearly not happening. He was still afraid, and John was still beside himself with guilt, now apparently ready to go to prison in an attempt to ease his tormented soul.
Mycroft had told her.
. “Did you start vitamin C replenishment?”
“Besides a penis?”
Sherlock turned to his brother, noticing that his expression was not unlike one of concern. In response to it, he gave him the coldest glare he’d ever given anyone. “What would
.” He was crying so hard, he couldn’t see John’s face, anymore.
“Honestly, Molly,” Sherlock said, embarrassed.
this conversation. Mrs. Hudson is fumigating, I need somewhere to live for a week. Do keep up!” He went back to sorting through his experiments.
After searching the bathroom, John ended up giving him a rolled-up hand towel to bite down on. Sherlock stared at it for a moment, then took it, wordlessly. “You’ll have to lean over,” John said, “over the sink would be best…” Sherlock stepped up to it and did as he was told, resting his elbows on the countertop. After a moment’s pause, he put the towel in his mouth.
to a man. This is all new for me.”
The child bit her lip, considering the proposal. “Okay!” she decided, and grinned brightly.
Anna slammed the front door and hoofed down the street, her tears blinding her. She rounded the first corner she came to, and an unmarked van screeched up to the curb beside her. The door opened and she got in swiftly. Then the van sped away, leaving as quickly as it came.
me, then,” John amended, his voice a little colder. They walked in silence for a bit, unhappiness hanging over them like a thin fog. John checked his watch unnecessarily. “I should get back. Mary might need help with… something.” He picked up his pace, heading down the path back toward the hospital.
“No, that we were going after Moriarty.”
I don't know much about the legal system, so I apologize if some of the conclusions in the following chapters are unrealistic or just plain wrong! At this point I'm writing for entertainment, not realism... hopefully you can forgive me :)
Sherlock continued to puff on his cigarette, staring off the balcony at the city below. He wondered if he should have just stayed home, like he’d done for Christmas (alone, playing violin and eating through two whole tins of Mrs. Hudson’s homemade Christmas sweets). He’d had to make small talk with off-duty police for the last two hours, and he
John made a high whimpering sound and I pinned his arms by his sides. I bent to suck on his neck, hard enough to leave bruises. He sighed with pleasure. “Please,” he kept whispering. He tried to lift his hands to my clothes but I pinned them back again, with force. “Oh, please.”
Mycroft had rolled his eyes. “She may be smart, but she’s also desperate. She’s come out of hiding, married John Watson, of all people, pet of my brother Sherlock Holmes-who, as we all know from my pleading for your leniency in regards to the case of Mr. Magnussen’s unfortunate demise, holds a detestably special place in my heart. If she’s not trying to manipulate her way up the chain of sentiment and into the government’s secret vaults, then my name isn’t Mycroft Holmes. She’s desperate, she’s exposed, and she’s proving that she will do anything to get at that key. So give it to her.”
John’s eyes twinkled. “Exactly.”
Sherlock was trapped. “You only want me to tell you because
“Fuck,” she breathed, her hands suddenly opening up and flying to the edges of the table.
“John, please.” Sherlock gave him a look. “Where
“Tell me,” John says. There’s suddenly something twisting in his chest. “I want to hear it.”
“He’s just through here.” The Detective Inspector abruptly walked past him again and went up to a half-open door. John followed, frustrated.
Sherlock beheld her, amazed at her admission. So she hadn’t given up, in all those years, in all that time, and circumstance, and change. She still loved him and would continue to do so. “I wish I could love you the way you deserve,” he said then, honestly, his eyes not leaving her face. He wished he could give her what she wanted, he really did.
“Fucking Christ,” I continued, because he liked it.
They rounded the corner and saw a thin man in a grey hoodie walking down the sidewalk toward them, his hands in his pockets. They didn’t take any notice of him—until he stopped in front of them and brandished a sharp dagger.
“Oh, please,” John scoffed. “I don’t even
Above them, they heard the crowd counting down to midnight
him. “You don’t mean that,” he said, in a small voice, still, still not believing me, and something inside me snapped.
at this. I’d forgotten what it’s like, how it
Sherlock’s smile grew. “We did look at it. We do know what was on it.”
After a few minutes, Sherlock deemed most of the vomit washed away and began to strip off John’s wet clothes. John suddenly opened his eyes and looked up at him. “They’re dead,” he said, beginning to cry. “Why’re they dead, Sherlock? Why?”
“Sherlock, we have to go,” said Lestrade, stone-faced.
“Blind,” said Sherlock, groggily. “Why is it so dark in here?”
“He cuts up dead bodies,” offered Anna, with gusto. The children immediately perked up. There were murmurs of “Ewww!” and “Cool!” Anna smiled up at Sherlock, and he winked at her.
“Your flatulence has the same odor, as well,” murmured a moody voice from the bed, and both Anna and John started. “If you’re searching for others.”
Her jaw literally dropped. She stood up in a rage. “Are you mad? You don’t love me! You don’t even know me! I can’t believe you would just say that. You can’t go around just saying that!” By the time she started throwing about words like “pig” and “creep,” I decided to judge the whole endeavor a failure—and not only that, more trouble than it was worth. I drove her home in extremely irritated silence and we never spoke again. I suppose the only good thing that came from it was that she learned at an early age a valuable lesson regarding the lengths a sexually charged male will go to, to sleep with her. I’d like to think it saved her from many mistakes she otherwise would have made later on in her life.
A test, isn’t that what Mycroft had said? Proof of loyalty. And here it was, standing in front of her.
Molly’s eyes softened. “Of course you haven’t. Well, you should still have someone to talk to her… someone with… erm… experience in the matter.”
stay?”
John continued to pay him no attention as Carruthers moaned pathetically from the floor, on his back with his arms stretched over his head. “Don’t,” he sobbed, as John came closer with the gun. “Please, please don’t.”
It was much more subtle than that, actually; he’s spotted the same, unique cowlick on her eyebrow that had been visible in the photographs upstairs—but he relished the opportunity to get some sort of revenge for her whacking him on the head.
John’s jaw dropped at that. He looked at Sherlock, terribly confused. “What?”
“Eleven people,” repeated Molly, breaking the silence. “Eleven.”
that? Christ, I’ll never figure her out.” He sunk into the chair opposite.
He stared at me. “What?” he said, a second time.
“I’m not done!” John roared in a blinding rage, trying to fight him off. “I’m not bloody
“Mycroft made such fun of him,” said his father, with a bit of disappointment. “He could be a nasty brother, at times, couldn’t he, my dear?”
. From her band. The boy who gave her those headphones. I knew that band was a rubbish idea,” he muttered, combing a hand through his hair in frustration.
He had made her moan.
to the effect he once thought it would have.
John stared at the tabletop, feeling a flush creep up his neck. “I remember my exact words,” he recalled, softly. “I said, ‘The problems of your past are your business, the problems of your future are my privilege.’” He looked up, and Sherlock’s expression had become unreadable.
home, he had no choice but to abide by those rules. Sherlock made a face but conceded, sitting down next to Anna’s high chair, looking quite cross.
Sherlock felt a shiver of pleasure down his spine. He closed his eyes and leaned backward, slightly, against John’s torso. John set his hands on either side of his waist, then flipped him around and backed him up against the wall. Sherlock felt himself moan as John’s lips were on his, their chests and hips pressed together, John’s hand round the back of Sherlock’s head, fingers threaded through his hair, Sherlock’s back burning against the heat of the ovens, sweating, breathing faster and faster, and then John’s hand was down his pants,
“You can’t,” John said, his voice breaking. “You can’t tell me that it was all a lie. You bloody can’t, Sherlock. I know it wasn’t. I
The glorious—
John knew all about the dangers of people rescuing animals from life threatening situations. In the war some of the soldiers had had dogs and cats and these were to be left behind if there was a bombing or shooting or if they got into an area where there was a potential IED. An animal life was not equivalent to a human life. But this dog. This dog was different. It was innocent and good and kind and it kept John company in his isolation, and now it was going to drown in the pond that John had built. The death would be his fault just like the rest was his fault and he couldn’t, he just couldn’t let one more innocent thing die because of him. So he got it into his head that if he couldn’t save the dog then he didn’t deserve to live.
it wasn’t.”
Sherlock felt a breath of hope catch in his chest.
. He screamed endlessly, the pain blinding him, only dimly aware that Sherlock was banging on the glass in a fervor and shouting “Stop! Stop!”
“Alright, then. Why
John let out a burst of laughter through his tears. He glanced over at Anna, who was shaking her head, her own eyes wet.
John sighed. “I don’t know… I figured Lestrade had a plan. To cover it up, after. And I was so… swept along that after he pushed me into the alley, I just left.” John realized that this information wasn’t going to make a whole lot of sense, because he hadn’t actually given Sherlock any details on their plan—but Sherlock was intelligent enough to fill in the gaps. He probably already had, from what he’d seen on the news report and from his general methods of deduction.
But that’s not what Sherlock wanted; John had misinterpreted. “No. No, I—I mean, I
He stood on the pavement and watched the taxi drive away until he couldn’t see it anymore.
“Fuck!” he shouted, and his whole body bowed up. “Oh my God. Oh, Fuck.
The Major studied him for a moment, sorrow pervading his expression. “How you feel. Before it’s too late.” He turned his head back to the window.
, thought Sherlock, his stomach dropping to the floor.
“The poor boy, he was ever so sensitive. He has such a big heart.” Mr. Holmes turned to John with a knowing look.
“Please?” he whispered.
The sunlight had gone behind a cloud and now the cabin was dark again. John replayed the video. The girl ran and jumped and slid. John’s breathing calmed as he watched her. She grinned at someone off-camera.
Sherlock nodded. Then, “I’m sorry about M—about your mother.”
John shook his head. “I just couldn’t help it, you know? You’re a bloody force of nature, Sherlock. Larger than life. Larger than anything I could ever measure up to. I couldn’t help falling in love with you. You pulled me in. Like bloody gravity. I couldn’t stop myself from wanting you, even if I tried.”
Note: I decided to create a fake museum for this chapter; having never been to England (unfortunately!), I don’t know what any of the real museums are like inside. And being too lazy to research it, I decided to just make one up :)
me, Sherlock, and I—what was I supposed to do? Tell me, what? Cry myself to sleep every night for the rest of my life? Resign myself to loneliness, knowing that I’d never find anyone else? I would have waited, Sherlock, if I’d had a word.
“Sherlock—“
All he had to do now was keep them together.
learned chess from Mycroft, she remembered now. In fact, the more she thought about it, some of her earliest memories were of sitting across from him at the chessboard, staring at the checkered squares while she either thought of her next move or tried to guess at Mycroft’s.
He felt embarrassed, ashamed. Embarrassed because he’d turned off his mind and succumbed to his physical needs, ashamed because he’d done it with someone that he knew was in love with him, and with whom he had no interested in pursuing a further romantic relationship. He was upset, too, because the last thing he wanted to do was hurt Molly. He relied on her friendship, couldn’t bear to see it go. But the consequences of what just happened could do it. They could drive her away.
Sherlock stopped the incision and looked at her. “Excuse me?”
“He was…” Anna sought for the right words, “just not
of them.
“Sherlock. Look at me.” He suddenly grasped my face in his hands. “It’s not going to be like this. I promise you.”
John sat up, rubbing his head. I threw his clothes at him from across the room, as I found them lying about. “Right,” he said. “Okay.” He started to put on his socks. He didn’t seem too concerned with the time—perhaps he’d given Mary some excuse of why he’d be home late. But twelve-thirty? What excuse could he have possibly made for that?
Sherlock had been beaten, so internal bleeding was the first thing he should rule out. John reached out his hand and gently pressed a bruise on Sherlock’s ribcage. Sherlock immediately went stiff, and he let out a hiss. “Scale of one to ten,” John said, quietly. “Tell me how much it hurts.”
Sherlock flinched as John’s outstretched hand brushed his purpled skin. “Oh my God,” John whispered hollowly, forgetting all his bedside manner. Sherlock was trembling violently, his breath shivering on each inhale and exhale. “Oh my God—“
The funeral wasn’t anything like Sherlock expected. He was used to people coming out of the woodwork for such events—he’d been faintly amused at the number of people he’d seen from a distance at his own funeral—but the number of people at John’s was astounding. Sherlock had felt lost in the sea of mourners; except for Molly and Mrs. Hudson and his own parents, no one came up to him to apologize for his loss, to check on the baby. He suspected none of them even knew Anna
Immediately, Sherlock knew something was wrong. “You aren’t going to role-play, are you? So why are we here?” But he’d deduced the answer before he’d even finished asking the question.
Sherlock cleared his throat. “Of course not. I may have, erm, indulged you a bit, but it wasn’t as if I was faking.”
“Anna! Sherlock! Time for morning tea!” Mrs. Hudson came up the steps with the tray.
Sherlock froze, surprised. “What?”
, thought Anna.
, but to tell him… to say that he didn’t… that he....
He rolled his eyes. “Oh come off it, Sherlock—“
she do?
To be honest, Anna hadn’t been able to focus on the movie—she was too preoccupied with how dramatic her real life had become. “It was alright,” she answered, noncommittally.
“And he lied to you?” John asked. “Why would he do that?”
They pulled up to 221B, then, and both stayed in the car for a moment, gazing at the front door. John turned back to his daughter. “Anna, I think you should call me ‘John,’” he decided, realizing that it was the only viable option. “It’s not just that the word ‘Dad’ is off limits… I mean, there are plenty of other names for ‘Dad.’ It’s that…” John struggled to find the proper words. “Sherlock’s been more of a father to you than I have. So far, anyway. And you don’t even call
Sherlock looked up at her.
“You’re the one who married Mary,” Sherlock accused. “If you were in love with me, you should have said something, you shouldn’t have gone off and tied yourself to a woman you didn’t—“
“I dunno,” John whispered back.
Sherlock peered up at her. “Yes,” he agreed.
Mycroft swallowed. “I didn’t anticipate this, Sherlock—”
Both men were quiet for a moment. John turned around and thumped his head against the wall, softly, looking back across the flat at Sherlock, whose breath was making his chest rise and fall under the blanket.
“True, indeed. The corners of your mouth are twitching up—you’re about to giggle. And I’m going to make you.”
He pulled back again. His lips were wet and pink and had gone crooked from the pressure of my own on them. “I’ve wanted... Sherlock.” His thumbs were hooked under my shirt, rubbing circles on my clavicle. He watched them, seemingly mesmerized. “I’ve wanted this for so long.”
Ella turned back to Sherlock. “Do you agree with those deductions?” she asked, a smile coming back to her lips.
John smirked, glancing over for Sherlock’s reaction. He was staring straight ahead, his jaw clenched, not saying a word.
John stopped and looked up at me. He put his hands on either side of my face again, except this time, he was doing it to lock our eyes. “I know,” he said, forcefully. “But you didn’t. You couldn’t.”
“Sherlock—“
Anna thought
“You could have said. You could have told me that’s why you didn’t want anyone to come after you, because it wasn’t anyone, it was me. Me that you were trying to escape from. That you had to come halfway across the world to this remote piece of shite cabin to flee.”
. But what was he going to do? Never look at John again? No, of course not. But he couldn’t, right now. He couldn’t. In fact, he couldn’t even
“What? Yeah,” John said, puzzled. “Yeah, of course I’ll be there.”
,” John heard him cry, through the fabric.
Sherlock clambered back up to the seat and fastened his belt. “You forgot the bullet to my thoracoacromial artery,” he muttered, darkly. “
“Not that you have been,” Mrs. Holmes said quickly. “But maybe you should encourage him, as good friends do, to move on. Not in those words—tactfully, of course—but he can’t keep pining for you, John.”
He kissed all over my face, my cheeks, my eyes, my chin. I rolled my hips forward, almost involuntarily. I was so hard it was painful, and the contact sent a thrill of pleasure all the way to the tips of my extremities.
John sighed. “I would do it if I could figure out
“Yes I do!” she countered.
, Mary.” John exhaled in relief, attempting to stand up. “We thought you weren’t going with the plan anymore. You could have
Anna had corrected, absentmindedly. She was wary about this plan—so many things could go wrong. Really, what it came down to was her ability to lie; the better she was at it, the less suspicious Sherlock would be.
Sherlock laughed and rubbed his tired eyes. “I’ll agree with that,” he said. He peered out the window, watching as they were about to lower Mary’s coffin into the ground. “You should go.”
Mary scowled. “Yes, yes, Sherlock’s alive. Why would we kill him? What would we do for
“Just turn it off,” Sherlock shouted.
John rolled his eyes. “I’m not a pediatrician, Sherlock. There
“They’ve given us the ‘go.’” It was Lestrade, a fair distance away, probably so he’d have time to flee in case Sherlock decided to attack him again. “To go back in and… search.”
“Well,” John piped up, “that’s probably because it’s the only time of day she’s not screaming her head off.”
Sherlock tutted, for a second his usual self, annoyed with John’s stupidity. “That would be impossible.”
No easy task. He did it slowly, clutching the concrete wall for support. “Hurry it up!” shouted the voice.
Sherlock swallowed. “It was a screwdriver. The handle.” His breathing sped up again. “He thought… he said he liked the
John was acting like he hadn’t even thought about them. In truth, I hadn’t thought about them until just then—but he must have. He was “Dutiful” John Watson, to use the epithet I’d bestowed on him earlier that day. It wouldn’t be like him to forget them. Not in this moment, especially.
I twisted my lips and didn’t reply. He sighed and stood, making his way over to where I sat on my stool. I looked back down at the microscope, fiddling with the slides.
John was obviously relieved. “Thank you, Molly.”
Mrs. Hudson’s old eyes crinkled into a smile even as her lips contorted with a sob. “Oh, John.” Anna let go of her hand as she lifted both her frail arms to him.
And then they were off, talking about the Mayfly Man, talking about other crimes and cases they’d solved throughout the years, reminiscing about times long passed. John poured Sherlock a bit of scotch after all, and the two of them soon made a substantial way down the bottle until they’d become awfully pink-cheeked and giggly.
Ella glanced back and forth between them. “Ok,” she said. “What happened after?”
I was about to be offended that he was inspecting my hand washing technique (I could do
Sherlock considered her. “Did you really think I wouldn’t deduce it all? Because, and correct me if I’m wrong, I thought you might have actually planned it that way to begin with.”
“No. And he can’t know. If he did, he’d never let me continue with it.”
It took her the better part of an hour to get to the vaults—at least, to the entrance of the vaults. She looked through the grate and saw two guards standing outside of it, wishing she’d stolen one of the radios at the front desk; she could have used it to call the guards away from their post. Instead, she would have to improvise.
Bart’s was perhaps the most morbid place he could go, and I only thought of it because I’d had a brief and ridiculous notion that John might be so distraught as to off himself. The most dramatic place he could do it would be from the roof of Bart’s, and he was a drama queen, after all, so that’s where I went. The cab ride there had me muttering to myself about how stupid the idea was and how John had a daughter and a fairly good life even if he was in love with a complete arsehole and he’d never, ever, never do something so rash. I went up the stairs rolling my eyes at how much time I was wasting pursuing such an incredibly unlikely hunch. So when I got to the roof and opened to the door to see him sitting on the ground with his back to the ledge, I felt the breath punched out of me with surprise and horror.
“I know,” John said, gently rubbing his back. “I know, but it was a dream. It wasn’t real. You’re safe, now.”
“I’m going to milk the cow,” said John, and got on his snow trousers and his boots and his coat and hat and gloves.
“I’ll come over tomorrow, okay?” John promised, zipping up his trousers. “On my lunch break. We’ll talk about... we’ll talk. Okay?”
“Sherlock Holmes!” cried Mrs. Hudson, as she felt the chilly breeze. “She’ll catch her death with that window open!”
woman’s life ended from something as base as childbirth. Billions upon billions of women have survived it, and yet Mary, who had survived so much more, didn’t. You’re angry because you don’t know who to be angry with, because no one killed her; it wasn’t a violent death, it was a natural one. You don’t know on whom to take your revenge, because there is no one to blame. Well,” Sherlock amended, cocking his head to one side, “except for maybe yourself. Maybe you are angry with yourself, the only possible person to blame, for getting her pregnant in the first place.”
you’re that person I always talked to, but now that you’re really here, it doesn’t feel the same. It’s like there’s the real you, and then there’s my Dad.”
“Terribly,” Molly confirmed. “There was only ever one, well, two things he made her do that she didn’t want. One was homework,” she said, “and the other was visiting the cemetery on Christmas.”
“Oh, no no no no, I’m not done,” John told him, evenly. “No, you see, after I sever your cock from the rest of your body, and you begin bleeding out, I’m going to take that dying knob of flesh,” he held an invisible version of it in his hand, “and shove it down your fucking throat, until you can’t breathe anymore.”
They snogged deeply, sensually, fingers in each other’s hair, mouths and tongues moving together rhythmically, rutting against one another in the same rhythm. They’d given up “angry sex” and “dominant sex” a long time ago. They’d only played those games at the beginning, back when this thing between them was still just a “thing.” But it wasn’t a “thing” anymore. It wasn’t an “affair,” anymore. It wasn’t throes of wanton lust. It wasn’t even fun.
Mycroft sighed. “She’s somewhere we can’t go yet.”
. John thought it was abnormal. Wrong. Needed professional help. Two men, good friends, and kissing was wrong. So, by proximity, Sherlock’s fantasies were also wrong. John was disturbed by the kiss, so how would he react if he knew…
confident. And taller. He calmed his anger. “And I do not agree.”
room.”
his presence as he stepped into the kitchen and stood there, staring at Sherlock and the microscope.
“She won’t go for it,” they said. “She’s too smart.”
John attempted to ignore him. “I—“ he started again, blinking rapidly, trying to keep his thoughts coherent. “I’m not a cheater, Sherlock, I’m not. I feel terrible about this. I married her, you know, I made a… a vow…”
Sherlock took the answer as assent to keep going. “I started looking immediately after... it happened. I assumed Mary must have had some deep connections within a foreign government and got Annalise a new identity. And then she was adopted out to some family who thought she was an orphan.”
All three of them turned to watch Mrs. Hudson tottering up to the flat as fast as her old legs would carry her. They stared at her as she tried to catch her breath at the top of the stairs. “The… telly… it’s… Anna…”
To a man who had previously no trouble at all sitting for long hours, alone, in the dead of night, letting his mind off its leash, the fact that silence was now his enemy put him at odds with everything he knew himself to be. It was truly frightening, in a way that Sherlock had not known existed.
” Sherlock turned around and went to the kitchen.
After Sherlock was dressed, he came out of the loo to find John making tea in the kitchen. “Would you like a cuppa?” he asked, without turning around. “I’m still bloody freezing from standing out in the rain.”
She rolled her head to the side to look at him. “My favorite?”
John’s eyes lit up, and he turned to Mary for her approval. “Oh, yes, of course,” she said, rolling her eyes and smiling. “Go for it.”
“Now Uncle Sherlock and Daddy!” Anna cried, pointing her kazoo at one and her streamers at the other. “Kiss kiss
Anna remembered. She dropped her knife, and it clattered weakly on the floor.
“You?” Harry met his gaze with a combative one of her own. “Shouldn’t she be with family?”
Anna shrieked with excitement and ran around the house, waving the streamer wand in her hand and blowing into her kazoo. John cringed and made a mental note to buy her a noiseless paper one, next year.
-playing,” he growled, impatiently.
I didn’t understand why
Their eyes met, and John’s face went redder than Sherlock’s had ever been. “Erm,” he bumbled, “Anna, we… we’re boys, boys don’t kiss.” He regretted it immediately after he said it, for Anna cocked her head to one side and stared at him, puzzled.
Moriarty was watching her carefully. “They’re Mycroft’s spies…. Did you know that? You thought they were your friends… and you don’t have many friends, do you Anna? But they were Mycroft’s spies all along. He sent them to befriend you, and watch you.”
But then, he heard the faint beat of helicopter blades.
“I know, I know,” Anna sighed, coming over to grab a cuppa. “I just can’t help it, sometimes. You bring it out in me.” She gave Sherlock a wry smile as she took a sip.
Both guards looked at the vent, bewildered.
John nodded at the phone, then realized Lestrade couldn’t see him. “Yes.”
“I love you,” John said, finally.
Maybe I was ashamed because I did feel something for John? Because I
“For going to idiotic lengths of personal danger to see me instead of just picking up the phone like any sane person,” he supplied, darkly.
(See the end of the chapter for
doesn’t know I look a fright.” Mary sighed and looked back at Sherlock. “You want to feed her?”
Sherlock clenched his teeth together. “I do not need a lecture from you, Mycroft. I really don’t think you have the necessary expertise on the subject, anyway.”
“But…” Molly’s voice drifted off as she tried to work it out. The band was a cover-up. Anna had been acting strange because she’d been training to be a spy, not because she was fooling around with some boy… so why…
“What does that mean, Molly? Working with him how? In what capacity?”
“That was a stupid question, forgive me,” Sherlock muttered, beginning to untie her bonds.
“You want to know why you waited until now to say anything?” Sherlock continued, his own vision blurring. “Because now, your wife is dead. Because now it’s easier. Because now you don’t have to deal with the fallout.” He couldn’t keep the bitterness from his voice. “Jesus, John,” he huffed a laugh, “you can’t even admit what a coward you are.”
, after all—yet it was such a sad story that Anna couldn’t help but believe her mother had been left without a choice.
John pulled away, but only a little, only enough so that they could focus on each other’s faces, read each other’s expressions. John’s was apprehensive, scared, hopeful; Sherlock didn’t know what his was. Probably still shock. Sherlock noticed that John’s lips were too low, now, to meet his. He must have had to stand on tip-toe to reach him. All of that
“I don’t care! I don’t care about any of it! That’s the whole point, don’t you see? This is supposed to be who I am. I’m the consulting detective, I solve the mystery when no one else can. When the rest of the world is lost, and confused, I shine light. It’s my...
“Three, then. Even worse. I… I’ve lied to her. For three months. I just can’t keep doing it.”
“Well, just, take care of John, will you? I think this thing sort of… destroyed him.” Lestrade ran a hand through his hair in distress. “The way he tortured… it was fucked up, Sherlock. I mean, for John. It was really fucked up.”
“—will think I’m completely disgusting!” Anna finished for him. “‘The Biodegrading Effects of Sunlight on Inanimate Flesh?’ Sherlock, they’re going to think I’m loony if I bring rotten human fingers to school. God, the fair is in the cafeteria. Where we
about her past when you enacted your whim of a plan. But now she knows. And now she
By this time John had finished undressing and he hung his things on the coat rack next to the door and then went to the kitchen. It was not a real kitchen, but rather a long countertop on one side of the main room with a sink and oven and a small refrigerator. A shelf above it held John’s cups, plates, bowls, cooking utensils. He normally cooked over the wood stove, although he had a portable electric burner too. However this he rarely used and only if he was making tea at the same time as his food.
He shook his head.
Mycroft’s eyes widened. “Whatever you are thinking of doing, don’t.”
Sherlock’s eyes began to water as Carruthers pounded into him, over and over, unrelenting. He used every ounce of his willpower to keep from making any sound again, biting down so hard on his tongue that he tasted blood. “How does that feel, darling?” Carruthers cooed, his voice thick and rasped. He ran a hand up Sherlock’s back, under his shirt, and dug his fingernails into the flesh between his shoulder blades. Sherlock sucked in air, sharply, and Carruthers “
John clenched his fists. “I suppose it’s all my fault. In all those years of fantasizing about it, I never stopped to think about what would realistically happen if I saw you again. How you might have
His voice got significantly louder.
He heard then a quiet knock and put down the cup to open the door. John appeared from behind it and gave Lestrade a slight nod as he entered, gun in hand. Lestrade nodded back and peered out the door and into the deserted hallway before he closed it again, locking it from the inside. He turned back around to—
Sherlock shook him off. “Leave it!” he snarled, then whipped back around. “
But this thing he felt for John… was it really weakness?
But John did.
He realized that the worst thing about rape was not the actual act itself. Not to say that it had not been unfathomably painful… but it was not a one-off sort of pain. It was the kind of pain that kept on feeding off itself, spreading to different parts—physical, mental, emotional— shifting, adapting to all of his combat techniques. The loud radio was working, right now, but that would change. Soon, the memories would find a way back in.
“Thank you,” John said, giving him a sad smile. “It’s not like we didn’t expect it… she was really sick, for a really long time. It’s almost a relief, in some ways.”
John sighed. “I know you don’t, but it’s what has to happen. I have a duty to my wife and family. I can’t be a… a philanderer. I’m not that person. I already hate myself enough for all the times I haven’t been home to help Mary in the last two months.”
“Just let him work it out, Sherlock,” Mrs. Hudson advised. “He’ll be alright.”
. After she’d slept for a good fourteen hours that first night, she’d spent the entire next day catching him up on everything he’d missed while he was “dead.” She’d ended up showing him the files and files of videos that Sherlock had taken of her growing up—not all of them, because there were too many to count—and watching herself as she’d taken her first steps, done her first chemistry experiment in the kitchen, won first place in the junior fiddle competition. And then she’d told him stories,
John raised the axe again and brought it down and split the wood in half, perfectly.
John’s smile faltered.
“Obsessive thoughts about
“I do hope it’s a nice day for it,” said Mrs. Hudson, fretting over the gear they’d packed. “Now, did you remember her raincoat?”
” Sherlock echoed, cruelly. His face had begun to quiver.
“It was fine,” I said quickly. The last thing I wanted was for him to pity me. Especially for fake unrequited love for a fake boyfriend. “We were friends, for a few years. Good friends. And then we graduated, and he took a fellowship in America. We gradually lost touch.” I shrugged.
—turn. He rubbed his hands over his face, felt a little pain. He knew it was getting raw, but he couldn’t help it, it was a nervous habit, he did it before he even realized he was.
“I went to see Lestrade, again.”
“John—“
Moriarty stopped swinging the scepter and studied it up against the light. “Oh?” he asked, and looked back at her. “And what truth is that?”
To John’s surprise, Sherlock’s cheeks flushed. And then he looked furious with himself for it.
Anna swallowed and looked up at the faces of her band members. They were staring at her, silently pleading for her to help them, to do something other than gut them with the knife she held. She felt Moriarty’s gaze on her, waiting to see what she would do.
And then, of course, there was the little fact that Sherlock had basically willed himself back to life after Mary had shot him, and all to protect John. If John hadn’t been a reason to live, would he have had one at all?
“John,” Sherlock said again, and canted his hips into the touch.
John only had to give a few more instructions and Sherlock was pumping away, wanking him like a pro. “God, your fingers,” John moaned, as Sherlock experimented rubbing the underside of his thumb across the head of John’s prick every time he stroked up. He was so mesmerized by John’s reactions to his stimulation that he forgot about his own arousal for a moment—only a moment, though, until John suddenly thrust his own hand under the layered elastic of Sherlock’s pajamas and pants.
“Your
The thumb scanner lit up, and Anna pressed the guard’s severed thumb solidly on top of it. There was a small flash of light, from white to… green. Anna’s breath quickened with excitement as she heard the door unlock and start to open.
“Bring it.”
“You can’t tell Mycroft.”
Suddenly, Sherlock’s fists were full of John’s shirt. “She’s out there, he’s got her, and we’ve got nothing.
Anna had almost forgotten that John had known her before, that there’d been a time before with all of them—him and Sherlock, and her. That there was a time even before that,
“Get your jumper,” he said, and Anna did so, then skipped down the stairs to the car. He loaded his shoulders and arms with the bags of food, toys, blankets, spare clothes, and God only knew what else. “Remind me again whose idea this was?”
John stared at them, and then responded by holding his up straight. Anna began to look disappointed, until he popped them the same way as hers. She grinned.
Sherlock licked his lips, giving her a once-over. “Power complex,” he began.
It was very surreal, to hear John apologize, after years upon years of imagining him doing just that. Sherlock felt as if he was in a movie, that the director would yell “cut!” and John’s face would relax, he’d get out of the car and walk away without a second thought. Like he had, that fateful day, in 221B.
form! Probably deduced that goddamn biscuit tin from some stupid crumbs on my sleeve or—“
“Erm,” he began, “Sherlock, can I have a word?”
Major Sholto smiled again, out the corner of his mouth. “Ah, they all mean well.”
on top of the bed. On top of Anna.
feel anything.
“I was hoping...” John continued, unsure. “Well, I was hoping that I—“
She turned to the next member, Heidi. Heidi was whimpering, crying, struggling, shaking her head.
oriented, Mycroft. I’ve
John bit his lip. “You don’t still clean house for them, do you?”
