“Ovviamente,” Sherlock says with a nod. “Alla prossima.”
... A raw woundedness, fragility and uncertainty.
“Wow. What's gotten into you?” Irene is leaning over to peer up at Sherlock's face. “You’ve gone all catatonic and you look...” Irene slides closer, resting fingertips on Sherlock's forearm, her voice dropping lower and becoming soft. “I give you a hard time, Holmes, but you know... if someone hurt you, it'd be my
There is a choked sound that makes Sherlock twist and turn his head to look over his shoulder at his companion. John’s eyes have come to rest on the swell of Sherlock's arse and he appears frozen again. That heat is playing behind his eyes once more.
“No. Sorry. It's really
John spent a week in the hospital. Sherlock never came to visit and nothing more was said about Mycroft on the telly. When John was released, there was no one there to receive him.
On the one hand, there is the high-functioning sociopath that cares about
dying and all he can think is,
Always most interested in the
Sherlock draws back and a light has gone out in his eyes. "Then you're an idiot." He almost looks sad before he whirls away. But then he's speaking so rapidly that John can hardly keep up, and he's moving around the room with a kind of manic energy. "Eliminate the impossible and whatever remains must be the truth...She's a professional who deals in secrets. Exploitation only works if she had something that would negatively impact you if it were to be revealed and that'd have to be-"
anymore.
John Watson.”
and what little grasp I have on my feelings for him.
Sherlock turns towards me and takes in my stance; slightly crouched, gun aimed and at the ready, as my eyes scan the room for threats.
God, he wishes that were true.
...” That seems to be the extent of coherent words Stinson is capable of stringing together in his current state of exhaustion and seconds after he trails off his breathing becomes thick and steady with sleep.
In many ways Victor reminded John of Seb; he casually demeaned Sherlock’s abilities, as if they were ridiculous or annoying parlor tricks to be scorned and scoffed at. Unlike Seb, Victor looked at Sherlock with a certain smug possessiveness. His stare was hungry and predatory.
“They'd be idiots
“Oh, no you don't,” John grabs at him to slow his progress. He takes a knee to the chin for his efforts, but manages to secure a hold on one of Sherlock’s legs. He flips over and drags Sherlock back down to the bottom of the bed by that leg as he gets to his own knees. It would be impressive if it wasn't so frustrating.
Things are shifting. Heat is flaring, humming through me. His pupils are swelling, opening up to swallow me into their darkness. I'm practically mentally screaming at him,
with the term
He's come to it, now. Got his nerve about him. Got a lifetime to make it up to you and all that.” He pats Sherlock on the shoulder excitedly.
. You hear me? Drugs. Sex. Food. Without me, you’d be wallowing in your own filth like a fuckin’ helpless baby. Wastin’ away in your bed cryin’ over that gimp. I do everything for you.
” Lestrade nods slowly.
Perhaps if Sherlock just keeps walking, he will give up.
that he is touching Sherlock's body so deliberately, in a way that is not at all chaste and while fully conscious of his actions, is beyond belief. Sherlock blinks into the mattress for a full minute before he at last manages to shake his head up and down rapidly. Then he crushes his eyes closed, breathes deeply and tries to stay removed from what is happening, like a scientific observer cataloging the exact sensations in detail.
as Anderson so aptly put it?... They'd still say, or at least
“Maybe that thing with the peas that you make?” Sherlock offers casually. John’s sudden warm smile is radiant. The creature relents, retracting its painful hold and dropping low, like a hot stone, into his pelvis.
They both jump when Sherlock’s mobile goes off, emitting a familiar sensual moan. Sherlock silently fishes it out of the pocket of his housecoat and glances down at it, frowning at Irene's inconvenient interruption.
“She has been a good…
"Fine. I'll take the case."
not the idiot that couldn't heed a simple warning and steer clear of a campus-wide blackmail scheme," he throws back as an accusation.
“Yeah, no. That’s not going to work for me.” John scrambles to his feet and swiftly strides away. “I’ll make tea,” he says from the kitchen in a tight voice.
"Find anything?" I ask, crossing my arms over my chest again.
idiot”
“Ready?”
"Yeah. That's fine. Just looking to…"
“This is my…” Sherlock hesitates for a half second, apparently considering what term to assign to me “
“Discharged... or...
“No. No, this doesn't make sense.” Sherlock continues to look around the room as if he must have missed something. His lip is curled almost into a snarl and the way he is flexing his hands suggests he wants to rip the room apart with them.
“Yeah… alright,” he says in dazed awe. He lays back as Sherlock rips off another strip and proceeds to tie it around him to hold the makeshift bandage in place. He tries to focus on the sensation of Sherlock’s delicate fingers working nimbly over his chest.
” His fingers tighten on John’s shoulders as realisation hits him and all the facts unspool suddenly; a flurry of panic and frustration.
A strong, warm, hand encircling wrist, anchoring body.
The whole sodding world is collateral damage.
on Christmas day, I propose that you provide me with one previously unknown fact
Then there was John. After all that happened, for some unfathomable reason John had been in his corner that night in the alley. If he hadn’t intervened, Sherlock might have left in a body bag instead. A thought that, at the time, didn’t bother him as much as it should have.
“My brother’s car; Anthea was there,” Sherlock states rather than asks, recalling the perfume. John nods in confirmation.
,” John remarks soberly.
Sherlock is so lost to his dark thoughts that it takes several moments to realize John is speaking, his lips close to Sherlock’s ear. His hot breath sends involuntary shivers through Sherlock.
Sherlock can hardly contain his own anxiety and he knows John can see it now. His fingers are fidgeting with a pen and his jaw is clenched as he watches John moving agonisingly slow.
I take the clipboard and thank her. I go and sit down in the waiting area to fill in the form.
“Any forensic pathologist with half a brain can see the evidence of how fully you participated and thoroughly enjoyed last night by the bruises you left-”
arguing. He tries to press backwards, but John's grasp is unyielding.
So the dark truth remains, if he had slipped so low as to use drugs last night it must be the result of something particularly cataclysmic. Cold fingers of fear wrap around his insides as he considers what might be
” John grumbles and his grip tightens as he drags Sherlock closer. “Just let me-” John’s hands begin to slowly move; roaming up over Sherlock’s ribs to his chest and Sherlock’s whole body is on fire.
matter.” He slides his book across the table and shoves it in his satchel as an excuse to turn his back to her. He swallows and fights an odd desire to smile. It's almost a relief to have said it out loud - to have made it real. John Watson kissed him and, no matter how awful the end result, Sherlock finds he can't regret it. In fact, there's a jolt of electricity, a sort of illicit thrill running through him, at having confessed it.
... Or is it the eternal battle of the flesh; man against himself,
I fold my hands together, leaning forward with my elbows on my knees. "We are
last night.”
John chuckles and looks out the window thoughtfully. “I’d say the first one had all the
I awkwardly shift forward in my seat, placing my elbows on my knees.
They'd been knocked out and awoke while being buried in a coffin-like wooden box. They came back to consciousness almost at the same time, pressed tightly together in the dark with no real room to move; Sherlock lying facing down on his stomach, arms pinned at his sides, and John on top of him with his groin pressed to Sherlock's arse, unable to move away. It took everything in Sherlock not to push back against John who never stopped struggling; growing more aroused and desperate by the moment.
suggestion. Some grumbling was expected, for the show of it, out of pride or stubbornness, but this level of petulance and venom was not the standard. It was fairly obvious that he needed the calming effect that
the questions, John.”
It was one of a half dozen moments in those first few days when he fully expected John to walk away. He had never cared before but something about John... he really didn't want to bodge it up.
“I wish you wouldn't." Her voice is trying so hard to be encouraging. She must see my desire to delete the thing as embarrassment.
"Yeah, of course," she replies brightly, apparently amused that I'd want one. Ms. Foster has made her way up to the desk and the receptionist rises to accompany the patient back to the examination room.
After a moment of letting things settle inside him, staring at John's steady, blue eyes, Sherlock finds everything ordered enough to force out the words he knows he needs to speak. He swallows hard but his voice still sounds gravely. “John, I would like you to know I remember what you said in my room last night.” It all sounds very formal once he gets it out there and that's probably not the right way to do it but it's a good measure better than sitting there in panic. He pauses and watches John.
John saves him by reaching down and delicately tracing his cheek bone with his fingertips. Sherlock looks up into his eyes and sees Justus buried within them; the expression the same as in Sherlock's last moments; gazing down at him like he was something so precious and unbearably fragile and fleeting.
“Oh,” Sherlock breathes as the thought bursts through the darkness like the sun through gray clouds. “Yes, John. That is exactly what this situation requires.” Sherlock excitedly stretches his fingers out in the air as if the swirling idea is a whisp he can tangle round them and weave the stands of thought into a net to snare John.
growl and go pliant. It makes John gasp, choking on his muffled words, and Sherlock plunges in, plundering his mouth. Their tongues tangle. That is a bit like Medieval John,
He needs
"But maybe put some proper trousers on first?" He gestures at Sherlock's bottom half.
and now
I glance over at the bills again, considering what I should do. He's speaking to me now - somewhat. He also knows about the issue with my finances. I decide that if he is breaching the topic because he wants me to ask for help I need to know that he's going to help me
“Yeah, I didn’t get the shopping,” I state, knowing that this is such a painfully obvious fact (given that my arms are empty) that it should earn me a glare. However, actual eye contact is welcomed at the moment.
It's being attacked on the street by grief-stricken women, enraged by the cruelty of the war that has claimed their husband's, their sons, their country.
and then he could muster anger for the insensitive prick experimenting on him
Sherlock stops and puts down his violin. “One. What do you want most in the world, John?”
John stands silently next to Sherlock and Sherlock can't even venture to guess what he's thinking. He sits there staring down at his own bare feet, feeling numb and dumb - bogged down with the weight of John's stare pressing down on his shoulders. The silence is irritating; building up on Sherlock's skin like static electricity. However, John doesn't speak until Sherlock tips his head back and catches his gaze with a glare of his own.
Yes, a very small, almost pained smile.
“Lestrade on his way?” John asks between clenched teeth; he is dragging in deep breaths to try to calm his body.
"Brain like yours; filtering it seems a shame," John murmurs, almost more to himself.
That deep sense of loneliness and incompleteness in John’s absence, but he hadn't let himself feel it, really. He had always pushed it down. But the journey John had given him had drawn that need to the surface from all those deep caverns hidden below the surface, like drawing poison from an envenomed wound.
Most of the wounded ex-soldier’s efforts at restarting his love life had been met with as soul-crushingly dismissive and slightly disgusted rejection as Anthea had recently dealt him. He’d found himself having to be considerably more blunt because somehow the idea of a “cripple” being interested in getting a leg up seemed completely bizarre to everyone, as if his manhood had naturally shriveled up and fell off as well. He had concluded that in his current state it was hard to imagine anyone looking at his gnarled and lame body and even considering being with him sexually.
“Experiments have set parameters, clear objectives, precise measures, unbiased observers-”
He presses his eyes closed and turns his face into the cup of John's hands. He presses kisses into his palm as he feels the burning tide of emotion rise, flooding his eyes.
He is
charming) boy one bloody moment longer.
It made you uncomfortable and I’m sorry for that.” John grimaces and rubs his palms against his thighs. His voice is getting quieter, his face darker.
The shift in Sherlock is so minute, you wouldn't see it unless you were watching closely and knew him well. Something goes dead in his eyes and his face goes so neutral it is hauntingly empty.
As a matter of principle, he usually does not attempt to excavate the memories of a
was what the sadistic bastard called himself who took Moriarty’s place, gathering up the remnants of that criminal web for his own twisted purposes. He was every bit as intelligent as the psychopath that died on the roof of Bart’s, but doubly gleeful in indulging his immense cruelty. John shudders at the memory of the new
"The cheque in your left breast pocket says otherwise." Mycroft’s face is like ice once more; hard, cold, impenetrable.
and ensure that this is
"Of course it was a mistake," Sherlock snaps. Something pained flickers over his expression but he quickly schools it and steps forward, his posture becoming even more defensive. His fists are clenched and his face is hardened. In his current disheveled state, he looks downright feral.
He sucks it up and taps on her contact card.
“People often think you're a murderer, then,” John says casually with a warm smile. He feels a bit like he's discovered a hidden treasure everyone else hasn't been smart enough to see right beneath their noses.
“Weighted blanket. Therapeutic device. Counteracts the need for sensory input. The pressure provides proprioceptive input to the brain. Releases the hormone serotonin. Calming chemical.” John lets out a long breath and stays still a moment; considering.
"You've met someone." She looks down at her notes again. "Sherlock."
"This is why you've come to me." There's something off about his tone. Something harder and colder in him that makes me uneasy. He tilts his chin up with the raw heat of challenge in his eyes.
“Then, let’s not waste anymore time waiting,” John says firmly and he leans forward, his hand wrapping around the back of Sherlock’s head as Justus's had as he took his last gasps that first time. Sherlock lets out a breath he’d been holding for centuries as their lips slide together and the world, at last, is as it
Encouraging sweeps of John’s lips sear across his senses, turning his blood to lava. The room; its walls and floor - everything fades to nothingness. All the other sounds of the world go silent; there is only the hurricane loud roar of his own heart in his ears.
“We need to go, Billy,” the figure says slowly, as its eyes return to the young man standing by the table.
“Oi. Wait one fuckin’ moment.” There is a different type of warning laced through John’s tone now. It raises the hairs on the back of Sherlock’s neck.
“At this juncture you are going to try to convince me, with some ridiculous babble that you no doubt picked up from your sham of a psychiatrist, that anxiety and panic attacks are a normal response of the body to a situation that it perceives as dangerous.” His voice becomes a hiss, “I am
Sherlock huffs at this, certain that Mycroft cannot see his own hypocrisy in espousing unemotionality when he has revealed himself to be far too emotionally entangled in matters concerning Sherlock.
Nothing feels right.
I step forward again and my eyes can't help but flick to Wilkes’ dumb, thick fingers curled around Sherlock’s arm. Some part of me knows I’m being ridiculous; overreacting. Afterall, Sherlock can take care of himself when it comes to some slimy businessman getting handsy. By the state of the flat earlier, I'd say he's handled much worse today alone, but a sharp edge of irritation is lodged under my skin, like a splinter wheedling its way in further with each moment. I can picture Sherlock's delicate white skin beneath the layers of fabric, bruising in the same way the flesh of his hips had taken on the imprint of my fingers as I-
Sherlock blinks at John, stunned by this sudden reversal. Instead of disgusted and repulsed, John seems open to this possibility. It doesn't make any sense.
” It is a crooked smile full of sadness that pulls at Andy’s long, pale face.
This needn't even be
O Positive
Is he still trying to be friends?
“Alright,” John says slowly. “Have you ever-?”
Sherlock's fists ball, jaw clenching on words of indignation.
The second time hadn’t made as much sense. He was shocked when those delicate fingers closed around his wrist. Looking down into his flatmate’s silver-green-blue eyes while already feeling the welcoming heat of his body radiating out towards his own, he had, for a moment, suspected this was something else entirely. That surprisingly compelling thought and its corresponding tangle of emotions played at the edge of the doctor’s mind, but he boxed it in and held himself steady, unassuming, until Sherlock told him what was going on.
Sherlock finally looks up. His gaze darts from John's outstretched hand to his face with such searing and savage contempt that John drops his hand and takes a step back.
Once we pull out into traffic, I take a moment for the casual intimacy of sitting together in the back of the cab to settle around us before I broach what has really been chafing me since I first saw how Sebastian Wilkes treats Sherlock.
“JOohn,” Sherlock slurs. “She beat me, John. Like a - like a
and at last feels his composure intact, he finds it surprising that, along with relief, there is an undercurrent of melancholy settling into his chest.
Sherlock inhales sharply, suddenly overcome by the sensations within that tangled up memory of being both in a car with John's hand around his wrist and simultaneously in John's bed with John's hands running down his body.
to him are different things in John's mind. And so too, in a vastly different category, is a willingness to
Sherlock puzzles over this, turning the phrase over in his mind. ‘Know and’...
By the time the bandage is secured, the adrenaline is retreating, leaving John cold and trembling; aware of the excruciating burning sensation of his wound and the terrifyingly familiar feeling of his own hot blood pouring down his chest and cooling on his abdomen. The realisation of just how
"Ready?" Sherlock blinks, gazing up into John’s eyes. He could plunge into them and lose himself. Steel blue and fathomless depths, with a thousand variations in the hues and striations. There’s a small touch of hazel radiating in arcs from the center and Sherlock feels a swooping, swelling sensation when that dark pupil expands. “Sherlock?"
“This is hardly helpful, John,” Sherlock grits out.
I tip my head back and suck in a deep breath. I force myself to relax back into my seat and smooth out my features. However, there's no way to cover the fact that I'd lost control. She looks at me thoughtfully for a long moment before she continues.
______________9_______________
“I couldn’t bear to let them fall apart,” A nervous voice interrupts the quiet of the museum. Sherlock looks up and narrows his eyes on the skinny, young man with curly brown hair and hazel eyes, shifting anxiously from foot to foot. “Not with how much she cared about them,” the young man,
Each time their eyes move away and their words fail to be anything more than the usual mundane drivel, he feels a slightly harsher bite of disappointment edge out the relief. By the time the afternoon has trudged around, Sherlock is barely tolerating this new existence.
going to enjoy tonight because the universe has been dealing him crap for years now and by his estimation owes him a good turn for once.
“Hmmm?” Sherlock gives John an innocent, questioning glance as if he's forgotten they’d been talking. He is not disappointed by what he sees; a burning possessiveness thinly disguised with annoyance and exasperation.
All Sherlock can think as the door clicks shut behind John is that he should have fled out the window while he had the chance. He could be halfway to France by now (and a lot less worse for wear).
He had suspected since the Best Man speech at the wedding that Sherlock felt something for him with an intensity beyond that of friendship. Sherlock had indicated it was
then he showed up with
“Alright,” John says calmly. He is grateful for his military training which automatically kicks in when he is under stress, flooding him with a sense of calm and control. “We are getting you to bed and you are going to stay there until this all wears off,” he says, employing the commanding tone from his days of being an army Captain. He pulls Sherlock to his side and helps him down the hall to his bedroom.
“Right,” John meets Sherlock’s heated stare with his own. He has tilted slightly to the side to look up at the taller man. Rueful amusement creases the outer corners of his eyes but the rest is hard with quiet determination. “So, about last night…”
“That. Was. Ridiculous.” Mind Palace John's voice is bubbling with laughter.
It's clear he's being dismissed.
He needs a distraction.
Sherlock flinches, as if he expects John to strike him, but doesn't move to stop John from wrapping his arms around his thin, shaking frame and pulling him close. John is shaking too as it all crashes down on him.
John’s hands do not shift on his knee. They stay perfectly still and his head tips slightly more into the light. Sherlock glances up and his heart flutters at the heat in the John’s stare and the proximity of his body to his own. A little shiver of cold uncertainty over his ability to handle the intensity of John's physical intimacy races up his spine. A queasy shifting feeling inside him and a swirling sensation in his head makes him sink back a little.
“I need…” John huffed, lost in sensation, the dulled cotton-sheathed touch no longer enough. His fingers dug into pale flesh, pulling. “Mmmm…
Mrs. Hudson startles, and grabs her chest, something falling from her hand to the floor with a clack as she jumps back from the bookcase. “Oh, dear! It's just you,” she says, one hand still clutched over her heart as she steadies herself with the other by grasping the back of Sherlock’s chair. "Such a racket."
John's mind slips back to a similar moment, months ago, when Sherlock clutched him by the coat in the alley. This behaviour had proved to be the first symptom of an imminent panic attack. He'd managed to lead his friend back from the cliff edge with teasing and humour then. Though his chest is beginning to move from the initial dull, numbed buzz of pain to screaming in pain, he tries to relax his face and put on a chiding smile for Sherlock’s sake.
John waited three painful heartbeats for some sign that Victor was not what Sherlock wanted, but all that came was a small shake of Sherlock's head back and forth. John tightened his jaw, moving his eyes back to Victor. “I was
where I’d left my laptop on my bedside table.
"Oh good, I do so love the spirited ones," she remarks with an overly bright smile and a little shimmy of excitement. She brushes her hair back. "I could work myself to exhaustion breaking you in." Her feet slip back down to the floor and she leans forward with her elbows on her knees and a heated look in her eyes. She's too close in the limited space and very intentionally providing a view down her dress. "Would you like me to try, John?"
now. But John is just brushing it aside; willfully ignoring Sherlock's desire.
"You're wrong," I force out, at last. "You don't know what the hell you're talking about." My voice is so smooth and hard it could be steel. She doesn't know. She doesn't know anything; about me, about my experiences in the war, about Sherlock and what I do(n't) feel for him.
It is the sharp and incessant sting of pain that calls out to Sherlock through the dreamless abyss. He gathers the fluttering wisps of himself and gravitates towards something solid. As he rises, the sensations from his corporeal self start to bleed into the darkness like light filtering through a murky pond. He becomes aware of a sense of warmth in the flesh and bone binding him, the ebb and flow of familiar noises from the street outside his window and the fragrance of his room mingling with the fainter scent of cooked breakfast.
…. Whatever you're doing…” Giving in to him will ruin everything we're trying to do. The mission - the whole blasted facade. Even if we don't get caught, it's sure to ruin
I stand right behind Sherlock, offering the occasional confirmation or additional details but mostly just relishing the destruction being wrought upon Sebastian by Sherlock's skillful assailment.
“That’s that then.” She taps her finger against her cheek, looking thoughtful. “Right. The note.” She reaches into the folds of her cape. “Really sweet, that. Makes me wish I wasn’t on me tod. Must find meself a romantic one.” She thrusts the note into his direction, laughing gently. Sherlock takes it and clasps his hands behind his back. He clears his throat and looks around before tucking his chin and looking up at her. He takes a deep breath.
He was curled in a ball making pathetic little sighs. God he hated seeing Sherlock so out of sorts. He wanted his friend back; to joke, to smile and to laugh. He missed the comfortable companionship of their quiet moments. John adored Sherlock’s dark sense of humor and those brilliant little insights that always were pleasingly random.
He enters and looks around. He is familiar with this place from the days when he did go out regularly. It is a nice alternative to the noise and hustle of the bar scene. It is not so familiar that they'll ask uncomfortable questions but enough so that he can relax. There's a good sized crowd tonight, some light, unobtrusive music and some immediate potential in the form of a group of attractive women at the far end of the bar. He takes a seat at the bar and looks them over.
Then the room feels colder.
He pulls himself up taller as he smooths over his jacket lapels. He pushes aside the memory of that intense look in John's eyes as he gripped those same lapels and practically ordered Sherlock to let him take care of him.
herself. It had been
"Paramactole. Downstairs medicine cabinet."
"You've a headache," Sherlock says with just a hint of curiosity in his tone.
“Hell, no.” Watson barks a dry laugh. “They can have the credit and the job with it, my thanks… It’s just… It's an unusual name and he was very… adamant… so, I checked with everyone - the reporter he came in with, the soldiers they were embedded with, even the other members of the surgical team - no Sherlock. No one even close.”
by him, do a good thing for him for all the right reasons, and it ended in a shit deal
"Pay attention," he grinds out, clasping his hands into fists. It's aimed more at his own fuzzy brain, but when he opens his eyes he finds John blinking back at him, startled. "The case," he says, embracing the aimless anger and gesturing emphatically at the suitcase, "Of course it's pink. No other colour it could be. Her clothes. Her nails. The murderer took this suitcase. First big mistake. Nobody could be seen with a case like this without drawing attention – particularly a man, which is statistically more likely – so obviously he’d feel compelled to get rid of it the moment he noticed he still had it. Wouldn’t have taken him more than five minutes to realise his mistake. I simply checked every backstreet wide enough for a car in a five minutes radius from Lauriston Gardens."
a rhetorical question; I expect an answer.
appealing to John.
“You’re not comprehending.” Sherlock shakes his head, his heart spasming like it is being squeezed by an invisible hand. “Then... It was different. He chose her. He could have - he didn’t have to choose her-”
He will crawl out of his own skin if he can’t get naked beneath the man in the next thirty seconds. John needs to touch him, touch him
Sherlock’s eyes flick downward, and slowly trail back up John’s body with a sharp intensity. Warm chills shiver up John’s spine because
______________
That's what
“I - I don't think I can…” Sherlock stops. He takes in the profile of John in his chair. The afternoon light catches in his eyes making his dark blue irises appear to sparkle. He can hold such warmth and concern in those eyes when he looks at Sherlock.
“Give me a minute,” Sherlock snaps irritably. He knows that outside, in the real world, the seconds are ticking by and soon his pause will be long enough that
There’s three of them in nondescript slacks, some Marks & Spencer shirts, and much more sensible shoes than all the sharply dressed patrons; good for chasing someone down, should the need arise. When they aren’t making a token effort to look busy, they move from place to place, eyeing everyone with suspicion.
back to the mysterious and dangerous Sherlock Holmes. Then, I'd posted again right after the serial suicide case concluded to establish an albi since I'd had to take down the cabbie to save the idiot's life. I hadn't returned to it since.
“When I awoke we were in… well, it must have been your bed chamber. I was…” Sherlock closes his eyes and takes a steadying breath. “Your arm was on my chest over where my wound had been but… the positioning was as if you’d collapsed from kneeling beside me… I was covered in your blood. As if you had-” Sherlock makes a motion; miming slitting his wrist then turning it down so the blood would pour out. “You were dead. I… I was confused- young- had never seen death so close and… admittedly, I panicked and fled. I told no one of the incident… I watched the death rituals for your from afar. And after that day, I discovered that precisely fifty seven minutes after I am clinically dead I rise again.”
“You left, Mrs. Hudson... England
Dimmock, for his part, takes it with a surprisingly even temper. He just questions how Van Coon’s killer could have got into the locked bedroom.
“You had a row with a machine?” He lowers the book, at last giving me his full attention. His lips turn up at the corners, like he is trying to hold in the faintest amusement. It is so slight, yet as close to a smile as I've seen since that first night. I can almost believe it is genuine.
“Alright,” John leans forward a bit and looks up at his tall, dark haired companion with a small smile. “Zero it is.”
“Are we expecting to make another visit to the palace?” John inquires lightly. “I know that's
had changed.
Sherlock thinks he will never be able to hear his name the same again because, in 18 years of existence, no one has ever said it quite like
I pick up an advert and start to read it, my mind returning to Wilkes's cheque in my jacket pocket. We may well have to return it. The case has hit a dead end and Sherlock has run off to
, he is, in fact, a shoot-a-serial-killer-at-100-meters-without-hands-shaking
I make the call.
His eyes have that dark spark in their depths which is both thrilling and terrifying. I can't put my finger on why this feels like a threat, but I bristle.
The guilt swells inside Sherlock's chest for what his jump from the roof of Bart’s had done to everyone. He tightens his jaw. “I had to.” The exhaustion from carrying the burden of all that guilt, all their pain rests heavily on him. He is forever bound to it, like an anchor round his foot as he struggles to keep himself above the surface of the shifting waters. “I was protecting him-”
Sherlock is
Too close.
I am glaring at her so hard my eyes burn. I want to yell at her - tell her to shut up - but that would amount to confirming her conclusions and I can't afford to do that. Instead, I take each word like little cuts - like it's only flesh - something I can detach from, box up and bury deep at my core letting that contained explosion center me, as it had through my ordeal in Afghanistan.
“A big sharp knife.”
"Sherlock." John lifts his hands in an expression of surrender. "I don't know. I don't even know what you're on about."
It was only the flicker of relief in the second after the gun fired and no bullet tore through John that it became clear how much Mycroft had at stake in that moment. Killing John would be
As he moves towards the bed, he pauses and picks up his shoes. He examines them carefully, turning them over in his hands.
His body shudders involuntarily and he becomes aware of his heart thumping and his chest constricting. He shakes his head; dark curls lashing his forehead. He smooths his hands over himself, chest to abdomen, to calm the rising alarm.
time together on the couch pulled him back from the edge. It was a haven. A harbor in the storm. He waited until they got home and then he surrendered to the need, pulling him down onto the couch.
came along.” Sherlock hisses, relinquishing his hair to jab a finger towards John and begin his pursuit again, pushing John back. “It stands to reason it is your responsibility to recertify this wretched situation. It is, after all,
I shouldn’t have brought you in on this but I thought -” He shakes his head, ending with a sound of frustration.
“Alright?” John has pulled back and is looking at Sherlock with warmth and an edge of quiet concern. His thumb strokes Sherlock’s cheek soothingly, back and forth. Sherlock blinks and blinks. Can't seem to focus.
Outwardly he can only blink at the ceiling, feeling John staring at him through the too-thin darkness.
John can’t help but smile at the coy response. Of course Sherlock knows exactly when John saw him since his reaction to catching John watching him had been to immediately leap over the table and sprint into the building like a startled woodland creature. Sherlock is apparently determined to downplay the incident and John won't press him on it.
I look up at her in confusion. "Sorry…
At some point after gaining Sherlock's trust, Victor initiated an intimate relationship with the inexperienced young man. His protectiveness grew into a personal possessiveness. He slowly and subtly further isolate Sherlock from anyone that
John had wanted to believe that,
He is trying to hold on but he can feel the overwhelming darkness surging forward to engulf his very being and a low rumbling sound is growing in his chest as he is overwhelmed with the increasing pressure of it all. His heart rate is escalating and there’s a buzzing sound in his ears building towards an unbearable level. Fissures are forming and spidering outward. He is splitting open. Then it is upon him, a *meltdown, the likes of which he hasn't experienced in years.
"No." Sherlock slams the door shut.
“How do you mean?”
plenty of times when John was abducted or they’d been captured.
that had emerged through The Game Master’s manipulations.
in all of this. They can't begin to know (don't want to know) the reality behind those stories.
"Though you prefer not to talk about it, you are a man who has survived an enormous amount of pain; physically, mentally and emotionally." She pauses and I look up at her from under my brow. My heart is thumping like with the first pops of gun fire in the distance but I refuse to let it show. I've been trained to just stand there stoic and let my doom roll towards me like an approaching storm. So, Iet her say her piece. "It's clear to me that you've lost people - people who you cared about - people who likely relied upon you and who you felt responsible for," she continues, stripping flesh from bone with each careful but brutally honest word. I don't flinch, though it burns from the inside out. I grit my teeth and refuse to look away. "It undoubtedly was the worst pain in your life and you, understandably, don't want to suffer any further loss. So, you keep your distance from people - refuse to trust - you try to go it alone… but connection is necessary for survival. It's human nature, John." She pauses.
” Irene smiles devilishly as she slides in beside Sherlock. “And don't you try to distract me with your asinine insults. I know you've been at it. Look at you. You're practically
“John.” Sherlock’s voice falters and the name almost sounds like a plea. “You could have-” There's a desperation in him that John has never seen before; a sort of manic need. His hands are clutched on either side of John's open shirt, worrying the fabric as he just stares at all that blood.
… especially with the right company.”
"Going to check your pupils," John says instead. “Can you budge up?” He guides Sherlock to sitting, paying special attention to any signs of discomfort as he moves. He notices how he's clutching his arm around his ribs, as if they hurt. He makes a mental note to have a look at them later.
John Watson had somehow lucked into being the companion of a mind-blowing genius that solves crimes and thereby makes the world a better place. John was eagerly along for the ride, but he never harboured the hope that Sherlock would not at some point realise his mistake, get bored and chuck him out with the bins.
Sherlock embarks on his experimentation to attempt to get comfortable with being close to John. To quote one reader effectively "seducing himself while seducing John."
He had simply forgotten himself.
“I almost got shot,” John says by way of excuse.
“Well, that was…
It's reasonable to assume that any apology would be a damp squib.
He sighs and runs a hand over face. No other solution is offering itself up, and he's only standing around getting colder and wetter. Calling Mary for help is unlikely to end well… but it seems it's all he's got. He'll just have to take the risk and deal with the fallout as it comes.
She clearly didn't make it home last night.
--------------------------
I expect him to let me in once he's gained entry, but, of course, the prat doesn't bother. My frustration and anxiety grows as I call him on the buzzer several times, but there is radio silence.
isn't her real name. I shove my hands in my jacket pocket wishing for a weapon as my gaze moves past her and discreetly sweeps over the street, checking for Mycroft's henchmen who might be waiting to enforce my capture. There are none in sight. This shouldn't surprise me, given their lack of enforcers for my previous abduction, but it does irk me a bit. Apparently, they
Lestrade scratches at his scruffy chin as he looks up at the ceiling. “Well, I s’pose it’s not very complicated, Sherlock.” His eyes settle on Sherlock again as he returns his arm to crossing his chest. “It’s about you... and John. What is it you called him… your ‘conductor of light’?” Lestrade grins; unfolding himself and pushing off the wall as Sherlock rises to his feet.
!” He is turning a bit red now. The perfect shade of cerise crawling up his chest and neck to flare on his cheeks and make his eyes shift to a lovely shade of sapphire blue.
There are two sides to every story. This is the slow slide of John Watson towards Sherlock over the events of the last five and a half weeks.
The agonizing stillness and silence stretched around John with no change from his companion below. At last he took a deep breath and pushed himself up to gaze down at Sherlock. The flat had fallen dark, and the pale, thin brunet stretched out on the couch, deep in sleep looked so serene dappled in the faint orange light from the street lamps.
I clench my fists and close my eyes, sinking into the dark swirl of my thoughts.
"Could become permanent though." Her tone is still matter-of-fact. She looks up at me. She has a familiar air of unshakable competence and professionalism to the way she holds herself, but her expression has the slightest edge of humour, as if she's intentionally taking the piss out of me right now. I lift an eyebrow.
seriously. I'm not going to let you flounce off and turn these injuries into serious permanent damage."
The entire day - the whole week - maybe his whole life. A series of unfortunate miscalculations that all accumulated to conspire against him in this very moment.
"Yeah, well I didn't know I was going to be investigated like a crime scene."
.” Sherlock gestures around the room scattered with equipment and ends his sweep at a small white fridge underneath the desk.
he hears in John's awed whisper. He subtly pushes his body into the door to put additional space between him and John. The cabin is closing in. He grits his teeth and forces himself to respond.
“How'd you do it?” I ask with a grin and no hesitation. He’s lain a trap and, once again, I am willingly - eagerly, even - walking into it.
but you’re choosing to ignore anything you see that doesn’t comply with it,” he hisses angrily.
The darkness suddenly surges and John is dropping, tumbling, weightless and timeless.
- I'm tense.
get on with it," he says, with a flicker of an obviously fake smile. He unfurls with a sort of measured slowness and reaches into a leather portfolio that had been tucked in a pocket of the seat in front of him. He pulls a manilla file out of it and flips open with something of a flourish. One thing is for sure; he, like Sherlock, relishes having people's full attention on him. The contents of the file are instantly recognisable.
John swipes his tongue over his suddenly dry lips. He's not altogether sure that they're talking about Irene anymore. Sherlock is far too close and all John can do is imagine (with startling clarity) reaching up, curling his fingers around the base of his skull and pulling him down to soften that obstinate mouth with a kiss. It takes everything within him to resist the urge. He runs his eyes over the miles of unexplored flesh of Sherlock's throat and wants to kiss that too. Every inch of it. His eyes slide back to meet Sherlock's and he knows that there's heat in them.
get on well. He didn't turn heads like Sherlock, but a funny, charming, war-decorated doctor rarely has to sleep alone if he puts in an effort. To be honest, he had simply stopped trying. He'd decided on it the Christmas before Sherlock jumped from the roof of Bart's. His then girlfriend, Janet, called him out on his priorities,
A shiver ripples through Sherlock’s gaunt frame. He tips his chin to his chest but fails to hide a flickering of what can only be described as mortification before quickly whirling away, coat flapping around him like an exotic bird unfurling its wings. His long legs carry him quickly in the opposite direction down the dark alley.
“Come on, then. Let’s get this over with,” he says gesturing at his bandaged wound and then to the tray with the gauze, tape and antiseptic. Sherlock's mouth tightens and his eyes narrow, frustration prickling his insides.
He doesn’t understand.
COCK. Sherlock!” John fixes Sherlock in a spine-tinglingly vicious glare. So exquisitely intense.
was the word that came to mind as his eyes swept the body from the long nimble fingers to the high cheek bones.
Sherlock drops his chin in a half nod and John's hands slide away. Sherlock nearly sways forward to chase the warmth. He opens his eyes but can't lift them to look at John.
“I’m sure he’ll take a look at it once he’s solved the case he's working on now.” I shift forward signaling my readiness to exit the car
Pathetic little cocksucker that no one can tolerate, much less love. I put up with you...
"I'm afraid you've got the wrong impression of me," he says with a grin that strives (and fails) to be mild. "Such tactics are not something I make a habit of employing. But, you will agree, I had a point to prove."
Sherlock watches him for several seconds, scowling, really - trying to process the odd way his own mind has gone muddled. He swallows around a thick tongue. Of course he knew, in theory, that drunk people are more tactile but he didn't know it was…
Watson eyes him for a moment, remembering the determined expression on the young man's face when he'd provided cover for them during extraction of the wounded soldiers.
“Right.” Wilkes chuckles lightly. He leans forward and clasps his hands in front of his chin as he looks Sherlock and I over. “You’re doing that...
He can hear John moving about the kitchen now. He listens for a moment to him putting the kettle on and getting out pans to cook. It is soothing in its familiarity.
“Distinctive pattern. That, along with your physical physique, which I felt when you tackled me, can mean only
voice is a slightly sharper voice, sometimes overlapping. There is no reason for his mind to be adding a stranger's voice to those auditory echoes from the past. John pulls away from Miranda and starts towards the sound.
Stamford waves him off with an offer for coffee later. Sherlock tentatively accepts, surprised at how genuinely eager this old acquaintance seems to reconnect.
Perfect, in fact." That seems a bit far fetched, but he can't back down now so he crosses his arms over his chest and scowls harder. "I don't need anything or anyone.
Play.
purposes. He’d been so stupid and selfish and Sherlock had every right to hate him for using his weakness against him in such a cruel way.
John settles back into a crouch in front of Sherlock and looks up at him. He blinks at him, tilting his head and seeming to consider this a moment, as if he’d thought his reasons for apologising would be obvious.
“Keep moving, soldier. Dustoff inbound.” Captain John Watson's voice strains to rise above the the wails of the wounded and the gunshots slicing through the stale desert air. All around the small unit of medics, bullets ricochet off the rocks and send little geysers of sand erupting as they impact with the earth.
"Alright.” John says, a bit distracted by the gorgeous sight of Sherlock moving fluidly through the room in his low slung pajama trousers and that purple shirt that fits like a second skin. He clears his throat and tries to focus on his concern that Sherlock is injured and might overdo it. "But you're injured right now. Besides having fractured ribs-"
- they call on me and I help them solve it."
Mary is blushing and looking flustered. She glances at John, but he's already backing away, looking relieved for the interruption. She touches her lips, tucks her hair behind her ear, hesitates, then smiles almost bashfully at Irene, and nods. Irene jumps up and plants a lingering kiss on Mary's cheek. She takes her by the hand and begins to lead her away.
“Sherlock!” Angelo comes bursting out of the kitchen, wiping his hands on his apron. “It’s been too long! Come. Sit. I saved your table.” Angelo ushers him to the booth by the window. “I have your favorite dish on order; your boyfriend’s request.” Sherlock clamps down on the automatic urge to object with
John snorts. “Unusual uses for riding crops; suppose you have
John reached out and pulled him close, branded Sherlock with those heated touches on bare skin, marked him with fingertips dug in hips and then emptied his essence deep within Sherlock’s body, leaving Sherlock’s entire chemistry altered, irreparably changed by absorbing that essentia of John. There is no going back... and it’s
to John. Nothing
Why does his body have to be so damn
My gaze comes back to him once I've formed a reasonable conclusion. “A case, then. Breach of security?” I consider what I might be doing here with him and lower my voice to a murmur, “A murder?”
“Come on, let's get you the hell out of here,” John says grabbing Sherlock. His anger serves to give him the boost of strength he needs to get Sherlock quickly out the front door and onto the pavement, where a long black car immediately pulls up beside them. He carefully slides Sherlock into the car, then slips in beside him.
Determined.
Electric firestorms of pleasure...
and you laughed and you - you agreed to live with me… leaning right
"I wouldn't know," he says after a long moment. The words feel heavy in the quiet room. He waits a moment and then rolls over, putting his back to John and curling up against the wall.
Sherlock is moving rapidly now; desperately hoping to feel John come apart in his hands before the doctor comes to his senses and pushes Sherlock away. Knowing that; knowing what John feels like when he empties himself, could do so much to make his fantasies complete.
In nine minutes twenty two seconds the exhausted doctor has fallen into a deep sleep. He emits steady breaths in a soothing, rhythmic pattern that is only interrupted by sporadic interludes of snuffling, sometimes with a few muttered, half-formed words.
"And what's that?" I haven't moved a muscle; my body deathly still and my eyes locked in on him from beneath my lowered brow as I evaluate the threat.
love. Trust them anyways, yeah?”
Sherlock brushes aside this comment with a sweep of his hand. “Personality during childhood is foundational to one’s character later on in life. I require information, John.”
“You OK, Sherlock?” He inquires. “Some sort of lingering side effects?” His gaze turns clinical as he sits down on the edge of the couch, running his eyes over Sherlock in an evaluative manner. His hand slips around Sherlock's wrist, seeking a pulse.
Panic flooded his system and every nerve in his body was ready to fight tooth and nail to get him back and protect him. Instincts took hold and he was on his feet, fists ready, before his eyes even cleared enough to see what might be there to strike out against.
“I expected you would choose…” Sherlock looks at John’s shoulder and tips his head a bit.
When Sherlock uttered
you came here for?"
A desire stirs in Henry to capture this beauty and share it with the world. It is so clear now. The universe is, in essence, a tragic love story. All its dark beauty; an eternal serenade that is echoed from the largest celestial bodies to the smallest atoms. The raw forces of attraction and the cold, senseless devastation inherent to existence.
“I don’t."
“Oh, yes… the
It seemed so real.
He was grasping at the quickly disintegrating threads of his self control as it turned to sand and blood and slipped through his fingers. There was Sherlock beneath him; heart pushing blood through veins to make his flesh warm and solid, lungs deflating and inflating rhythmically to carry the same air John breathed into his lungs. Yet the ex-soldier had the desperate fear that he couldn't hold on; that his companion was slipping away. He couldn't protect him. He too would end up like the young girl in the warehouse or the one in the desert, broken far beyond what his inadequate hands could patch back together. He felt his soul being dimmed and his spirit being weakened by this cold realization.
could have figured that out, John. I certainly could have deduced that myself, had I
Sherlock is still feeling a bit shaky and all he can think is that he needs to shut both Donovan and Anderson up and make them go away before something awful happens. He takes a deep breath through his nose and is accosted by the same myraid of scents that are clinging to Donovan wafting in a nauseating wave from Anderson. Suddenly there is no question who Sally’s cheap lover is.
” The warmth and pressure of John’s hand is gone as he gestures sharply between their chests. “What we’ve done…” He gestures towards the bed. “You can't really expect you can simply-” His hand drops and it clenches into a fist, his words grind to a halt as if he's shut off a valve. His eyes narrow in that way Sherlock knows means that John thinks the rest is plainly understood.
"What if I
John laughs. “Now
But, oh, I was
“I’m…?” I search his face. His expression is hard now, closed off, but at the corners of his eyes I see a tinge of fear. It felt like he was going to say it - finally put a voice to that something growing between us in spite of his best efforts to snuff it out. It felt like he was going to say that I’m
All John’s feverent contemplations ground to a halt when Sherlock flipped to his stomach and invited John to lay on his back. John turned to look down at his friend and his eyes fell on that inexplicably curvaceous rear end on the otherwise lean and angular man. He fell back into his seat and a rather embarrassing noise escaped his throat as,
” The tendons and veins in his neck are showing in high relief as he bellows at the ceiling. Sherlock grows louder but keeps his tone even.
“Tell me what do you want, Sherlock.” John, the beautiful despicable man, tips his pelvis up to drag the length of his clothed cock slowly, subtly along Sherlock's crease. A strangled noise escapes up Sherlock's throat and his insides ache and clench around the emptiness of where John belongs. Sherlock has run out of words, out of tactics and out of resistance.
John's eyes travel slowly over Sherlock’s naked torso. Seated in his desk chair beneath the pool of lamp light, he can see each graceful line of Sherlock's back; the wings of his shoulder blades shifting beneath his flesh, and the corded muscles tensing and flexing as he turns to stare out the window. He can even discern the steady rhythm of his carotid artery pulsing in his neck, pumping blood through his veins. It's thrilling to be this close with a layer of Sherlock's armor shed. Yet, it's torture that John can't bridge the gap between them. He longs to kiss, to touch, to explore - as they had only begun to do that first night. He wants to slowly and gently take Sherlock apart and watch him come back together in new exquisite shapes. He wants to love the brilliant, beautiful bastard - tenderly and fiercely -  but they're so far apart now, with a vast chasm of misunderstanding stretching between them, that John isn't sure how to get things back to good.
Sherlock moves his hand to John’s chin. He has some stubble and the texture of it is interesting, more dense and coarser than his own; slightly more abrasive. He stares for a long time before he works up the courage to brush his fingers gently over John’s lips. He quickly withdraws, startled, when they part slightly. A tongue swipes out over the surface and John’s brow furrows.
There's nothing to be gained in revisiting that now.
“I simply observed,” Sherlock says quietly and when he lifts his eyes his expression is so cold and dead I imagine that I can almost feel the chill rolling off of him, like liquid nitrogen.
makes it that much more absurd. As if Sherlock can't even warrant the same treatment as one of John’s one-night stands.
Sherlock turns and casts his eyes around the room. He spots his blue, silk dressing gown hanging over the foot of his bed.
“For Christ’s sake, Sherlock, give them back or I swear to God it's going to be real easy to solve the murder because it’s going to be Dr. Watson in the sitting room of 221B with his bear hands.” John’s fists are clenched at his sides. He looks less
he was...
"Right. Irene forwarded you it." John rubs at the back of his neck. He can't fathom why Irene thinks this is helping anything. "Yeah, sorry… Irene's not here." John steps back towards the door and rests his hand on the handle, expecting that Sherlock will be leaving soon now that he knows he can't find Irene here.
“You came back to life here, John... You stood right
“Right. Good,” John says grinning and patting Sherlocks's hand on his leg. Sherlock's hand falls back into his own lap as John stands up and walks towards the stairs to his room. “You deserve someone that will treat you right, Sherlock,” John calls over his shoulder.
for as many bullets as you have.”
John looks down between them at Sherlock's tented pajama bottoms.
None of those words
“No. I really don't believe
*I use the term
is about. He wants you to heal. He wants you to be
“Oh, god,” John cried, letting the ecstasy crash through him. He sunk his fingers into Sherlock's hips and snapped in hard and fast like he always longed to do. The noises of pleasure and the vigorous bounce of that arse as it met his thrusts with wanton eagerness, begging for more, both in gasped words and in every physical response, sent John quickly to the edge.
Captain Watson flops back onto the small, stiff bunk, and lets out a loud sigh. Beside him, Stinson lies sprawled on his stomach on his own temporary bunk. His face is turned to the side towards Watson and he can see his cheek is already starting to crease with how he is pressing it into the little, flat pillow.
Of course, Sherlock had politely turned John down, but he’d done so in a way that, in all John’s experience, (admittedly only with women) meant
"Can I-" John tries to move with him and offer some support, but Sherlock seems determined to do it on his own.
He shakes his head back and forth and his face twists into a miserable scowl.
“Irene injected you with something and escaped with her phone.”
“Someone did,” DI Hopkins says softly. "Someone protected you today, and now you're protecting them."
"No." Sherlock snaps in disgust, abruptly pushing to his feet.
“John?”
“Four in a row! Who does
loved.
Sherlock has always hoped that providing for John’s danger fix and delivering a new sense of purpose was a fair trade for the hell he occasionally
Like Moriarty, The Game Master’s carefully orchestrated scheme was to force the impossible choice; to make Sherlock
“No, of course I do, Sherlock.” John's face has shifted into such a deep and profound sadness that it feels like a physical pain in Sherlock’s chest to witness it. “Christ, I never stopped believing in you. That's why it hurt so much when-” John breaks off and looks away, swallowing that ember of old pain. He takes a deep breath.
“Dating websites?” John keeps his face blank, but amusement plays like flashes of light in his eyes.
shirt.”
He reviews himself in the mirror and grimaces, taking note of the split in his left cheek.
The hands run over his cheek tenderly and thread through his hair for a moment. Sherlock purrs as the chills shoot down his spine. A light caress traces down his neck, along his collarbone and onto his chest. The palms push down firmly on his pectoral muscles, fingers splayed, feeling his chest rise and fall as he breathes harshly now. With gentle sweeps, they trace a soft pattern, flirting with his already taut nipples, and then they suddenly flatten over his heart.
is your experience to absolve?"
He can't
"Solved a few simple ones." He flicks a dismissive hand, as his eyes find me again. He lifts a finger to point at me, "but the point
"Among
“Always trying to rip my clothes off in dark buildings,” John muses, with a chuckle, as Sherlock finishes his work. John starts laughing and then he can't stop. The absurdity of the whole situation feels overwhelming. Vaguely he knows he is having an acute stress reaction; the psychological shock combined with the drop from the adrenaline surge and circulatory elevation, but he can't make himself quit laughing. His whole body is shaking with it, interrupted only by the almost painful shudders.
He doesn’t scream, but just barely. Hunched over, hands in hair and face twisted, the sound that escapes through his gritted teeth is a strangled, drawn out, animalistic growl.
John lets out a helpless and exasperated little laugh letting his hands drop. "Yeah, sorry,
Sherlock closes his eyes. A sudden wave of weariness crashes over him like an ocean wave, tumbling him about inside.
’This is my friend. He needs what he needs.’
He decides he is certainly not going to try to get Sherlock out of his fine suit and into a pair of pajamas when Sherlock is looking at him like
Though I know that I’ll be lucky if he's still showing the barest of interest in my existence by speaking to me when I get back, and I’ve every indication he'd prefer me to pursue someone else (if for no other reason than to sow doubt and show a lack of any deep commitment between us) this still feels like… well… like
It's on him, then. He has to take command. The universe has finally done him a good turn and he doesn't plan to waste it. He must focus.
Sherlock considers his options. He is passably skilled in the art of deception that is
John blinks and then his eyes widen in alarm as he realises what she means.
you know. He can put on a show well enough for an hour - maybe even a day or two -
sign in its window. I blink at it for a moment.
Sherlock tilts his head and his eyes flick around as he begins to analyse his companion. John watches, tracking him picking out and deducing the meaning of all the details he is making no effort to hide any longer.
, when it becomes a matter of discerning motivation, well that is not really
"He's the reason your leg doesn't bother you anymore, correct?" I say nothing. There's nothing I
He was tumbling; plummeting into his own personal hell. Then he was looking into Sherlock's eyes. Everything was understood. Sherlock always understood him. He saw him when everyone else looked away, looked through him.
done.
John glaring with determination as he lunges again.
“What?” John asks, concerned. He looks down at the hand pressed to his chest, then up at Sherlock’s face.
John Watson is an idiot. He is the biggest screw up known to mankind. If they ever write 'A History Book of Epic Failures' he is certain that he will be featured prominently in a massive chapter exclusively dedicated to his horrific, flaming, dumpster fire of an attempted courtship of Sherlock Holmes - right between the chapters about the Hindenburg and the Titanic.
Sherlock pulls up short, eyes wide with alarm as he stares at John.
I purse my lips and consider the situation.
he has ever had or John has gone mad and he has to act fast
“That's what I'm afraid of,” John retorts, glaring up at him. His sigh is more than a little exasperated. “Sherlock, I don't want-”
John’s face transforms from calm and clear to dark and menacing as quickly as a summer storm rolling in. His chest puffs up and his eyes flash.
"They're...
towards...
“You’re wasted,” the figure growls. “You should know I can kill you most creatively and dispose of your body in a thousand inventive ways so that you will never be found. I assure you I will never get caught. So unless you want me to extinguish your pathetic, little existence this very moment you better tell me who the hell you are and what the hell you are doing in my room.”
Sherlock swallows. His throat is unacceptably tight. He pushes his thumb in against his ankle bone, willing his pulse to slow. "Why?"
I stop, realising he is staring off into space, seeming not to hear me.
“You don't believe me.” Sherlock's voice has gone cold, his body stiff and his eyes narrowed. It's his own fault, really. This time around he'd tried so hard to spare John from dying on his behalf. He'd risked the truth of his immortality being exposed to die in his stead. That had been a horrendous miscalculation. Upon his return from trying to eliminate all threats to John, he'd found John broken and, so angry, and in love with someone else. So, in repentance, he'd tried to give John some semblance of that normal life he seemed to want this time around. He'd ignored his instincts and the pain in every fibre of his being and done everything he could to be a good friend and support him in having a wife and family for once. In the end, he'd only succeeded in hurting John terribly, putting him in more danger and growing doubt and mistrust in those unnatural cracks between them.
He punches the button to call a nurse and gets down to the work of saving the patient's life.
“Christ, yes, McDonnell! Come on, soldier,” Captain Watson mutters as the heart in his hand gives a flutter.
Sherlock's manic rant is cut short when a quick knock on the door reverberates through the room. Sherlock visually jerks back at the sound, as if it has snapped him out of the tailspin he was in. His mouth snaps shut and his eyes go wide, fixed on the door.
“First kiss,” Sherlock repeats.
“Yes, John,
“Going now,” he manages to say. He feels more than he hears the gasp; the thin body against his own jerking and tensing. His vision has already faded to black.
, but she manages to fit me in for an appointment in an hour.
Hands moved across the flesh of John's hip and stomach as skillful fingers caressed his throbbingly hard erection through his pants, dancing over the tip with skilled precision. Delicate touches traced the head, then firmed as they stroked down and back up its thick shaft. The touch was curious and teasing in an oddly demanding way.
specifically
from deploying your skills," he remarks, eyes cutting over to John and the sharp edge in his tone clearly intended to remind John that he'd used his doctoring skills as an excuse to monitor Sherlock. "I have a variety of unique abilities which -" Sherlock stops suddenly, whipping around to stare at John with wide eyes. His brain must be running a bit slow because it took him far too long to recognise the most alarming bit of information hidden within John's question. "I've never mentioned my area of study."
... but you know after the...uh…
Sherlock blinks at him, trying to process it all. He instead retreats to familiar ground. “How'd he do it? Put the video everywhere?”
John clears his throat and puts on a calm, even tone. “Well, Lestrade thinks you're plotting my murder.”
However, there's only a brief pause, an angry huff, and then Sherlock is stomping back out into the room.
snogging. Just look at how adorably flustered you are. I could never get that much of a rise out of you, and I was naked on your lap.”
There's a moment where everyone is frozen and staring at Sherlock in stunned silence. Donovan stiffens as Anderson turns to her, his weaselly face caught between shock and fear. Donovan’s emotions settle into a dark fury.
John looks Sherlock over slowly, letting his eyes linger on his bare legs; pale and thin but muscled. He lets his eyes drift over the sheet to the long column of his neck. He feels his tongue slide across his lips.
it was bloody pathetic.
The taxi is slowing, so he drops his arm, staring down at his glove as he needlessly yanks at the cuff and stretches his fingers within the leather casing.
think Sherlock will let him in. That's absurd.
I mean
He's staring right at Sherlock.
in the big and small ways or you get pulled apart. Love is like that. You have to keep choosing it.”
I swivel my eyes back around to Sherlock and consider him. His mood seems much improved from earlier. He's practically vibrating with energy; apparently high on the challenge and invigorated by the mystery unraveling before him. It's captivating to see him this way after, what I now realise (by witnessing the contrast), must have been a depressive funk hanging over him this last week. He really does feed off of this sort of thing.
cold or cruel. He actually has an extremely vulnerable side that John sees in rare glimpses.
In the spaces in-between, atoms are splitting. Their essence is spilling into a rising tide of radiant, nuclear energy. It blazes through his body in liquid fire. It's a cascade. He is sliding towards inevitable meltdown as that surge of excess electrical energy sets every part of his body into motion; twitching, trembling, flexing.
“Just a means to an end, John,” Sherlock mumbles as they hobble down the stairs together. “Painful and ugly and hollow…
Ignoring John, he pulls his mobile out of his pocket and punches at it, his lips drawn into a thin line and his gaze livid.
“Your name,
"No." Sherlock straightens and pulls away from John's touch before the heat of it can penetrate through his coat. He shoulders past John and Donovan, only to be stopped just inside the door by Anderson who is on his way out. His face is pulled tight and his beady eyes lock on with disdain.
Sherlock commits it all to memory, then closes his eyes. He recalls John's touch on the occasions that Sherlock needed to have some wound tended on his body. In those moments John would exude the quiet confidence of a man that knew and trusted his own skill. The touch was always careful and strictly professional, but the doctor still had a tender kindness that radiated from every part of his being. It always settled over Sherlock like some subduing drug, swaddling him in a velvety, haze of warmth. Sherlock found he didn't mind
And you can’t even do
“Why? Why did you want me to do this?” John's hands move back up and skirt softly over Sherlock's hips, lightly tracing the bruises his fingers made there the previous night.
Sherlock squirms out from under him and scrambles over to the motionless criminal. He hunches down over the body, inhaling deeply through his nose and then visually inspecting the right hand of the felled man.
. In this case his fixation on the barriers to physical intimacy had obviously failed to take into account the
Not all gone?
your big, beautiful brain can hold onto
“Didn’t have to. If he’d had the barrel right up against his temple I’d been able to see the entry and exit from where I was,
Sherlock stares up at him from under the covers with wide eyes, confused and vulnerable in a way that strikes at John's core. John sighs and starts to walk to the door. He hesitates, stops and turns around.
"I did think you were killing me,” Sherlock says quietly. He takes another deep breath and then the words are flowing from him so quickly that John can barely keep up. “It wasn't a panic attack. Or not
is rude, arrogant, dismissive and, in general, repels anyone with a shred of dignity or modicum of self-preservation... Which you'd know if you hadn't spent over half the time in my presence inebriated." Sherlock appears furious; teeth gritted and head held high with fists balled so tightly at his side that he's probably hurting himself. John is learning, though - learning Sherlock's tactics like he would learn an opposing team's pattern of defense. John tips his head to the side slightly.
Mycroft’s eyes narrow. “You are certain?”
would be rather wasted on this case,” he agrees with a clear edge of patronising in his tone. Even the way he says
"She. The Woman. Irene Addler."
“I know, I know, they’re awful.” John starts to pull his hands away, ashamed that all he has left to offer Sherlock is scarred and mangled imperfections. John's movement brings Sherlock hurtling back to himself. At that moment, the idea of not touching John’s hands is an abomination to him. He slides his own larger hands underneath John's so they are resting palm to palm. Sherlock slowly lifts them to his lips, touching the faintest of kisses to each knuckle in turn.
John's fingers bump lightly over the row of buttons down the center of his shirt, tracing the line of them over the fabric from sternum to navel then back up again. His eyelids are heavy and drifting closed.
_____________
“It is?” Sherlock's freezes, tipping his head to the side, his narrowed eyes sliding up to John’s face and searching it.
What can Sherlock possibly offer in return?
"The what?" John asks, gaping, but no one pays him any mind.
these aspects of John’s life, it is that the tells are all there, blatant as the softly rounded nose on John's face. Obvious for anyone with half a brain. The fact that John hides that he dances well
It is so different than his own; stronger and sturdier.
with Sherlock.
It's more of an order than a declaration. He pinches harshly at my peaked nipple and it seems angry and dark but no less arousing, sending a jolt through me that makes me buck up into him.
, Sherlock…” John takes another step forward and leans down over his friend. Sherlock blinks up at him.
"What are you doing with that?" he accuses, rummaging around in his pocket for the purloined key and trying to work out how John lifted from him without him noticing.
Time for a different tactic. Sherlock had really hoped to avoid playing this card.
When I get to Van Coon's flat, I find the door is standing ajar. I am immediately on high alert. As I slip inside, I pull out my gun and sweep through the area slowly, following the signs of forced entry. In the back of my mind there's a creeping dread that Sherlock has (once again) leapt full-hardy into a situation he's ill-prepared to handle and this time there might not be enough delay in action for me to intervene.
“Just going to march in here demanding I- I fuck
She'd seen this too, the odd affects; laughing with too much vigor and for reasons no one else can see because it keeps them from fully feeling the pain of the situation.
“Jane Kilgore. Age 12. Summer. In the woods behind her house.”
The concessions were so small, so incremental and insignificant in their own insidious way, that he had just naturally adapted - until that moment when all that vitally important padding of “I’m not gay” and “we’re not a couple” were degraded to the point of no return and he found himself careening down the road, full tilt, with no way to possibly slow or stop the inevitable crash.
RAMC -
“John,” Sherlock breathes and it at last has some emotion; some of the depth and weight to it that it always used to hold. Sherlock’s breathing changes, slower and deeper. He turns his head slowly towards John and for a moment John feels himself falling, soaring.
He leans forward and his voice purrs right by my ear.
“Don't be ridiculous. It is merely transport-”
“Miranda! John! Come on! It’s too far to walk in these bloody heels,” Kellie shouts, gesturing wildly. Miranda moves towards her, glancing back at John with a small frown.
That one word, spoken in such an authoritative tone, lands like a small explosion in the quiet space. I am aware of two sets of eyes snapping to me.
I don't say anything. I just slowly turn to stare at him, eyes hard and cold. I fold my arms over my chest and set my jaw in accusation. Last time he'd broken into my room he stole my gun, handcuffed me to the bed and held me at knife point...
Help with my nightmares. Are you going to help me, or
On the table, the body jolts and the monitor beeps out a abrupt escalation in heart rate.
Besides, Sherlock knows that starting a row over that now will hardly increase the likelihood of John being amenable to his proposition.
“John,” he breathes into the mattress. It is the most truthful answer he has given yet, but John takes it as reproach.
John’s eyes widen and he feels a sudden rush of heat in his face and chest as realisation of what Sherlock is implying, given their earlier discussion, punches him in the chest. He looks at Anthea, who thankfully appears to still be completely focused on the little screen before her. He swallows roughly, then gives Sherlock's wrist a gentle squeeze.
Sorry, love.
to go away.
Sherlock listens but continues to watch the heated interaction.
He had been expecting to see John all through yesterday, around every corner and at every arranged location. As the day went on he was filled with a rising tide of longing to see the man; the yet invisible force driving his odyssey. It had always been there;
If you expect a conversation as well, perhaps you should
He is shivery, and there’s an immense feeling of fatigue as he at last lifts his eyes to numbly survey the destruction. He is surprised to meet the gaze of Lestrade sitting directly in front of him on a chair, forearms on his spread knees, fingers woven together as he leans forward. His brown eyes are surprisingly soft and compassionate. Waves of embarrassment and regret crash over Sherlock along with anger and disappointment.
“That’s absurd,” Sherlock explodes.
“No.” Sherlock asserts firmly. “She was not
“Yeah, I know-” John grabs Sherlock's hands to peel them off his face. He can't resist the natural inclination of his eyes to slide closed when held within Sherlock’s grasp; those sharp eyes and his other-worldly face so close. He can't handle this now. He's a grown man; a battle-hardened, ex-army doctor. That intensely focused look Sherlock is giving him, like he wants to crawl inside him through his eyes, shouldn't make him feel weak all over…
TO DISCUSS!” Sherlock is the one shouting now and the words rip through him bodily with such force he is hunched forward with his fists clenched in front of himself, trembling with the venomence of his fury.
That familiar deep voice is silky and full of dark humour. I don't lower my gun. If anything, my eyes narrow as I measure the prickling alarm raising hairs on the back of my neck.
He draws a shuddering breath and feels that now familiar doubt whisper into his mind.
Sherlock's eyes sharpen, narrowing into slits and cutting into me for a few beats. I am suddenly aware that the things we've been discussing might be uncommon knowledge. That my answers reveal that there's
“M’not gay, you know,” John says softly.
“Sherlock. Sherlock?” John crouches beside the consulting detective who is sprawled out on the floor. Sherlock’s silver-blue eyes have nearly disappeared behind his dilated pupils. He stares around the room, wide-eyed, seeming to look past John. He strains to sit up but only manages to flop around on the wooden floor like the world's most posh fish out of water.
possibilities, the most likely being
“No!” Sherlock freezes, glaring at Mycroft; fists clenched at sides and body stiff. “It’s...
I belong
. You have to keep on choosing that person
“Nine. Trapped alone on a deserted island, what three things would you take?” Sherlock balances his glass of sctoch aloft as he curls himself snuggly into his sitting chair across from John.
I purse my lips and shake my head back and forth, refusing to elaborate. There's no way for me to add further detail without revealing far too much for comfort and safety.
There is nothing about the man before him that isn’t inherently remarkable; confusing, astounding and utterly unpredictable. John bites down hard on the inside of his cheek to try to force back the swell of emotion and the attraction he feels towards his friend. He wants to reach out and touch him but he reminds himself of his resolve to accept things
“How’d you get a room all to yourself?” John asks remaining sprawled on the floor as he looks around.
lost. For the same reason Hopkins would lose if he pressed her,
He's already published scientific papers that rival the work of the
“Yes... let’s see…” John finally says. “I used to play the clarinet… there you are.” He shakes out the newspaper and begins to read.
John belts passionately,
John's hands flail momentarily, grasping at air, before settling on Sherlock’s shoulders. He is trying to talk, but Sherlock's tongue flickers in a feather-light sweep against his lips. Then he gives a forceful prod in that way that always made
The image flickers; John's expression jumps between distaste and disappointment for a second as he takes in Sherlock's
The crack of the gunshot echoes in the abandoned warehouse. John is already diving forward, twisting to drag Sherlock with him to the hard cement ground.
Statistically speaking, it’s one of the primary motivators for crime. There’s money at the heart of this. Follow the money and we’ll find our killer.”
Sherlock opens his eyes and his gaze locks on to John once again. It's the cool, crisp blue of a mountain lake and he's so very still. John leans closer to carefully examine Sherlock's left eye, checking for any irregularities in his pupil. He tries to focus on his task, but Sherlock is watching him with an unnerving intensity; pressing into his hands and staring up with something more heated than the wariness or interest John expects from this sort of examination. It begins to prickle on John's skin and makes his hairs stand on end.
Fingers against his wrist make him snap his eyes open. Andy has a tentative hold on his right hand and is pressing the note into it. He meets Sherlock’s eyes with a smile of gratitude, as if Sherlock has somehow given him some measure of closure with SooLin. “Hurts, but-”  He nods at Sherlock with a small smile.
“I'm not," she says plainly, "I'm helping
Sherlock refuses to look over once he hears John catch up. The sound of breath and heavier footsteps, and the solid heat that occasionally brushes too close is merely an irritating distraction. He immediately sweeps away the sense that the world has tilted ever so slightly off its axis at having that strong, steady presence beside him.
“Calm down, Sherlock.” Silence. His scent again.
"John. John Watson."
John's proposal) doing his best to ignore any thoughts about it. Aside from one moment of weakness that left John with the false assumption that he was plotting his murder, he thought he was doing admirably well.
“Wish ya’ luck, Holmes. I do” She says sincerely with a tilted smile and Sherlock understands that it is probably as close as he is going to get to an apology from her. She turns and walks away. “You should check out the blog,” she says over her shoulder just before she turns out of sight.
I'm awake and on the floor of 221B huddled under the sofa table.
.” His expression is neutral and his spectacularly blue eyes are as sharp and quietly calculating as a wolf. He isn't reacting. Not the way Sherlock wants him to, anyhow. He is horribly restrained; so unbearably careful and considerate. It is driving Sherlock crazy. Nothing Sherlock says seems to penetrate his calm determination. He's so close that Sherlock can almost feel the heat of him but he won't allow Sherlock any closer.
meet you Sherlock,” he says with a genuine smile. Sherlock tips his head to the side and studies him a long moment.
"Indigo." Sherlock corrects absently, looking down at his indigo shirt. He pulls his lips in, biting them shut on the urge to argue. This is ridiculous - more so because this inane concession somehow feels intimate, as if John is revealing things he hadn't even discovered about himself. He reaches up and touches his scarf, which is also indigo.
When his gaze found Sherlock and the ex-soldier realized it was him that the disheveled younger man was terrified of it felt as if someone had sliced him across the stomach and pulled his guts out through that gaping hole.
“Knew you'd work it out,” Stamford says jovially offering his hand. Sherlock takes it warily only to be pulled into a robust embrace. If it is as awkward as it feels to Sherlock, Stamford doesn't seem to notice as he laughs and gives Sherlock a thump on the back.
Sherlock wades through the gray, swirling fog of his mind with nothing more than flashes from the previous night pushing through; nebulous, shimmering phantoms that skitter away before he can place hands on them. He searches for some source of this internal chaos.
John shuts his gaping mouth, then remembers to shut the door as well. He puts his hands on his hips and squares himself to the dark whirlwind.
“Sherlock,” he breathed as calmly as he could manage. He was alarmed at how this somewhat innocent situation had evolved and what he had been doing to his friend in his half-conscious haze. His heart was pounding erratically and his breathing was rapid. He waited with every muscle tensed as he tried to determine if Sherlock was awake and prepared himself to handle his reaction.
broken. We both know there's little to be done for bruised ribs. Stop stalling."
“Sebastian.”
Sherlock is absolutely quivering with fury now. He's biting the inside of his cheek to keep from saying anything, as he coils tighter and tighter, waiting for John to let the ugly truth spill out into the space between them.
His eyes are warm and reassuring. Sherlock feels his resolve crumble. He leans in and rests his head on John’s shoulder; feeling the strength in the ex-soldier's firm body. Those powerful arms wrap around him.
“John?’
Wearing a cool mask of indifference, he strides out of his room, only pausing to whip around, yank the door closed, and lock it. Then he strides towards the stairs, purposely remaining oblivious to John's presence.
need not change what they are together; which is
) said he is good… … and Sherlock finds, quite distressingly, that he wants more than anything to believe that John believes he is good.
John is an idiot.
once your conscious was out of the way. Therefore, I need only provoke a rash, physical, reaction (beyond logic and reason) to loosen your tight reign of control.
As soon as the door slams shut, Watson slumps a little. He scrubs his hands briskly over his face, eradicating the evidence of tears. He lets out a slow breath and his face hardens as he stares off into the emptiness for a moment. He sniffs, one side of his mouth rising in a somber grimace, before his expression goes blank. A thick mask of remote professionalism slips into place before the figure’s eyes, and it can't help but feel like something precious and rare has slipped away.
John is
‘I won't fuck you, Sherlock, but I will make love to you.” Sherlock’s whole body shivers, John's words creeping up his spine and spreading through him like firecrackers exploding within water, stunning him with the force of impact.
was the best part,
is finally launched.”
“I shall endeavor to remind you, then,” Mycroft cuts in smoothly. “Mr. Nahyt was your charge. Predicted to depart from Camp Bastion Military Hospital in Afghanistan at 1am, yesterday.” His finger taps the page more pointedly. “Yet… I see he is recovering in post-op with promising vitals.” Mycroft pauses, letting the words hang in the stuffy air.
Obviously his friend still needed to calm down. Some sleep would help. If Sherlock could just
It's true.
“She told me once that beautiful things aren’t meant to be kept behind glass. They need to be touched, handled, loved.” He laughs a bit as he ducks his head to hide the flush of embarrassment in his cheeks, rubbing a hand against the back of his neck. “I may have just wanted to hear that last word but, it seemed to me,... she wasn’t just talking about
“John,” he gasps against John's parted lips as a tongue darts out to taste at the seam of his mouth. His voice is raspy and full of need; foreign to his own ears and he's not sure if it's a plea for mercy or for John to keep going, never stop, until there is nothing but utter devastation.
John looks up at the man. “Sorry, what?”
Discouraged, I turn and pick up the wallet from the table and rummage through it for a suitable payment card. My mind drifts to when he had confessed to stealing Mycroft's card and then to that awkward visit we received this morning. Since we are suddenly back on speaking terms, I decide to press my luck.
Sherlock closes his eyes and lets out a long sigh. It's absurd, and he shouldn't even be considering it… Part of him says that there is no way this could
And keeps happening as long as they keep commenting.
"Wait, what?" He calls. Then, he's realises what time of night it is, and that his fellow students are unlikely to appreciate waking to him hollering down the hall. "Sherlock? Sherlock," he tries quieter but with urgency. Sherlock continues on as if he hasn't heard. With a quiet curse, John pulls the door shut and jogs after the mad man with the long black coat and the bright pink rolling suitcase .
Sherlock shudders and looks down a moment. He is suddenly wishing he hadn’t eaten so heartily as it feels like it might be coming back around. “Can’t-” Sherlock breathes, forehead nearly resting against the glass.
There’s a lot of people that need a world with Sherlock Holmes in it.” She leans close and runs her finger over his brow, smoothing the wrinkle there, then places her hands flat against his chest, over his heart. She pats it, steps back and smiles brightly.
Go.” His hands stretch out a little in John’s direction, they are shaking and so very frail, like all of him now. John can't tell if that hand wants to pull him closer or push him away. The sirens are very close now. “John. Please,” Sherlock repeats softly, urgently.
. Sherlock had so much of John and offered so little, it was nice to be the one with something desired and unobtainable for a change.
“Can we just-”
together, Mrs. Hudson." I say calmly, a tight smile on my face.
His body has taken control. It won’t calm for even a moment to let him prepare for John, as he said he would.
“Sherlock Holmes has feelings for you. It's all right there. Only thing that makes sense.”
My body jerks. I break off the kiss and turn my head away.
“To the point then, it has come to my attention that there have been an unacceptable number of losses in your domain.” Mycroft's finger trails across the page of his little book. “There is the matter of Henry Nahyt.”
He is never going to be able to come
“She really did a number on you, yeah?” John remarks glancing towards the window Irene Adler has just disappeared through. He pulls out his torch. He shines the light in Sherlock's eye, then points it away and brings it back. He tries the other eye, then sighs.
“Sherlock!”
Sebastian relents in whatever he’d been driving at and chuckles, clapping his hands together. He switches gears, becoming more serious. “I’m glad you could make it over. We’ve had a break-in,” he states, getting to his feet.
Billy’s eyes are now panicked, fixed on his body on the table. “Oh, God… She won't understand-”
Keep talking. Keep it together. "Been rubbing people up the wrong way and getting their fists as thanks since I was seven. It'll heal."
Gingerly removing his Belstaff and hanging it up, Sherlock pulls his own chair up close to John’s and seats himself with a hair’s breadth of space between their knees.
"Not here," Sebastian says whirling around on Sherlock with a dark glare. "Discretion, for Christ's sake. Do you ever learn?"
“I think you’re bluffing.”
Love to have great readers like you and I aim to please!
and doctor and he’d gotten it all twisted. He went and smashed everything to hell without even trying.That was more than a
Sherlock's hand shoots out and his palm flattens against John’s groin, the distinct shape of his almost fully erect cock burns into Sherlock’s hand through the thin cotton pants John is wearing.
He needs to focus on the case.
To hell with breathing. Breathing is
“You're not prepared.”
“Oh, don’t be like
“There is no denying or refuting or escaping this, John.” Sherlock presses forward until John is teetering, muscles straining to keep him from toppling backwards onto the bed.
I'd rather like to
The Game Master had been delighted and amused by John’s effort at self-sacrifice, just as Moriarty had been when John grabbed him at the pool. He had typed in one digit of the six digit code and had promptly made it clear that shooting oneself was no longer an acceptable move.
John moved to cover his friend in their now familiar arragement, but Sherlock threw up a hand and said John couldn't lay on him because the younger man would not be able to curb his arousal. John was set spinning again and found himself having a serious mental break trying to figure out what was going on.
"Boyfriend?"
Sherlock looks down and runs his thumb over the power button of his phone repeatedly wishing that he could somehow reboot his brain so it could function properly.
I'd nearly forgotten about Seb's cheque since the case fell flat yesterday. I can't even begin to work out how Mycroft knows about it. The implication is clear, though. Not only is taking a share of Sherlock's payment from this case ensuring that we're inextricably entangled, it's creating a pressure point. I am bound to Sherlock by yet another tether that will be pulled on to make me dance.
He has a small smile of satisfaction playing across his lips as he starts pacing; the tips of his steepled hands resting against his mouth. “Excellent. Yes... This. Was.
even.” She studies his battered face for a moment. “Love doesn't seek to destroy beauty; it nourishes it, it feeds it, it tries to protect it and because of that they both grow. If you go back to Victor Trevor, he will kill you eventually... There are people that love you, Sherlock and… you deserve better than
He just needs to catch a few minutes sleep to take the edge off.
"You… you had Mary's phone? Why? Where's Mary?"
John grins, only partially because of Sherlock's indignation and the other part for him now showing none of the previous signs of panic.
“John,” he growls sternly, prepared to use whatever means available to prod him to action. He is shamelessly wiggling and thrusting up against John's weight to encourage the abandoning of any remaining barriers.
secretary, John, Sir Williams’ secretary. Find out if he had any enemies. People he’d fired. People he’d failed to promote. Affairs. Jaded lovers. People on the floor that naturally were permitted close enough and may have just needed a little skill to breach the last layer of security and cover their tracks.” he waves the card towards me at this statement and I glimpse Sebastian’s picture on it. “The secretary will know.”
"Well, I’m afraid they don’t see it like that." Sebastian's uncaring tone contrasts sharply with Sherlock's.
He’d never seen Sherlock so afraid. All the terrible and demented criminal lowlifes and murders they had faced and the life threatening situations they had endured and any flicker of fear in Sherlock’s eyes had been a mere drop in the bucket to the torrential outpouring of terror currently playing out across his friend’s face and body.
He snatches his phone from his coat pocket and hastily types a text message to Lestrade. He hits send and slips his phone back into his pocket with a note of finality.
… can’t help looking at
Continuing his careful self-inspection, Sherlock touches his own arm gingerly.
John tenses as that dark fluff of curls brushes against his chest when Sherlock leans in close. Those fingertips begin brushing softly, incidentally against the sensitised skin of his chest as Sherlock works the bandage off. He closes his eyes and grits his teeth as warm breath makes the tiny hairs across his right shoulder stand on end. He tries desperately to find something to distract himself and deter his body's growing desire.
“You are more willing to be in close physical contact with me when you are angry. Therefore, I just need you so furious that you're in a state of impassioned madness; a temporary insanity.”
“Yes, his records.” Mycroft tips his head to the side, eyes going glassy. No doubt he is paging through the contents of Captain Watson's previously reviewed file within his own mind. “It was…
Nice and
.’ No one mistakes him for
“Yes, sir,” they reply quickly. One slips the red tag on Private McDonnell's toe as the other rushes to clear an operating theatre. The remaining nurse begins prepping the young man for surgery by cutting away his uniform.
for John. Something that might be worth testing - expermenting on. This could, quite possibly, be Sherlock's
“Not going anywhere,” John reassures as if he heard the unspoken plea. “Right. Follow my breaths. I've got you. Breathe like me.” John takes deliberately deep breaths, in through the nose and out through the mouth. The warm air from his lungs fans across Sherlock’s face and he lets his eyes slide closed as he mimics John's calming respiration.
a time or two.
front,” he smiles fondly at Sherlock’s back, but his friend doesn't turn to share in the joke. John gathers that he is not in the mood for playful teasing and lets the silence stretch. He leans back into the pillow feeling heavy and tired. His chest has a low buzz of pain radiating from it and the throb in his head only relents a little when he closes his eyes. He lets his eyes slide closed.
Mycroft had done the only thing he could do; he exposed Victor as an agent to Sherlock.
He manages to ignore it for a long time.
But alas, people can be counted on for little aside from being unobservant and completely oblivious to what is right before their eyes. No one seems to notice. Everyone talks and looks and acts towards him as if he is the same boy that went to bed the night before, alone and ignorant to the universe of new possibilities now opening up inside him. It is a bit maddening, how ignorant and oblivious they all are. How vacant and unseeing their return gazes.
It was a dark realisation for the young man that any other person probably would have noticed immediately but instead he had been completely oblivious and just soldiered through as everything went to hell. That was more than a
He strips off his jeans, tosses them on the pile with his jumper and shirt and goes to his sock drawer to get a spare bottle of lube. It is a twist of fate that, as a byproduct of needing to frequently take his covert desire for Sherlock (quite literally) in hand, he is now armed with an abundance of supplies. John holds the tube in his hand, considering it a moment, then nods decisively. He must choose his battles in order to win the war. Though he would prefer to take this slow, savor it, building towards the intimate act of intercourse after the prerequisite romance, it is absurd to expect Sherlock to play by ordinary rules of engagement.
and, given that he is currently married and maintaining the pretense of being heterosexual, pointing out such affair in the presence of the doctor's team and in a voice that may be overheard was not...
that is well worth checking out. The mentioned
That was quite…” Sherlock realises he lacks a proper descriptor for the quality and intensity of John's physical intimacy thus far. At the risk of being lost inside his own mind in an attempt to define it, he instead waves it away.
John kicks at a loose chunk of pavement grimacing as he considers the fool he’d made of himself the entire evening; drooling over Sherlock in his posh suit, trying to chat him up with all the typical pre-date questions in the cab, then interrupting his brilliant deductions with praise every few minutes.
Something in his stomach appears to be doing flips and he smooths his palms down his bare chest and abdomen watching them quell the distress. When he looks up he finds John is watching him carefully; mouth slightly agape and eyes dark and full of a different kind of heat that sends a pleasant skittering of electricity up Sherlock’s spine.
“Every door that opens in this bank gets logged right here. Every walk-in cupboard, every toilet.”
“You want to know why no-one came to save me? ”Sherlock fumes; eyes swirling with dark emotions. “I’ll tell you why, because I killed them or I made them leave.” He lifts his head weakly, glaring at her with all his strength.
fridge… for now… at least until after Christmas. Consider it your
to focus.
“Apparently, it is for the best for everyone involved if I don't have a roommate given my propensity for...
“Mmmm… Just taste ‘em
grimace that says things are about to get ugly. “Who do you think I am, Sherlock?”
; not feeling anything more nor less for John than he wanted to feel and only at such times as it was convenient to do so. Sherlock might love John, but it appeared he would never be
Sherlock touches his fingertips together under his chin to try and think but can’t stop them from rubbing against one another and it feels better. He ignores the other voice, the stupid voice;
and had just yet to lay claim to victory.
Then Sherlock returned and wanted things to go back to what they had been... but John was
John scrubs his face with his hands.
Watson is going insane.
“Right.... Mmm... Lips,” John says as if reminding himself. He leans back and smiles down at Sherlock. He is sliding his body more firmly onto Sherlock and Sherlock isn't sure how to feel about that. On one hand, the pressure and heat and closeness of John is exquisite. On the other, he is not sure where this is going and if he'll have the willpower to stop it if John wants everything.
It was right there in front of him the whole time - how he became this way - what made him. Looking at it through John's eyes he can see why he is uncomprehending and dismissive of friendship - why he doesn't understand love. He'd been raised in an ivory tower - a cold, polished, sterile world of professional distance and transactional, business-like relationships. It's all he has known. There never seemed anything wrong with his method of dealing with others... until now.
“Do it,” Sherlock growls realizing he would prefer it, really. It is not as if John is likely to be amenable to relations ever again, so Sherlock fully intends this to be the last time his transport’s baser needs drive him to John's bed. He must be sated with whatever he can get now and if the experience has enough unpleasantness and pain, it can only help ensure his body does not crave this again.
Justus was not born to riches and never seemed to enjoy it once the novelty wore off.
The car, being older than the boy himself, was bound to have some quirks that required accommodation. Inexperienced and grateful for what he had, John readily adapted himself to these with little thought or complaint.
“It's not there,” John says absently. Sherlock lifts his head to give him a quizzical look. John has lifted his upper body to stare down at the man wrapped around him. He knows his smile looks lazy and drunk.
John's cock gives an enthusiastic pulse and he turns a stern glare on the erection, pressing painfully against the flies of his jeans. Not for the first time in his life as a sexually mature male, he feels a bit of a love/hate relationship for the thing that brings him so much pleasure and yet gets him into more trouble than any single part of anatomy has the right to.
There is nothing unfamiliar here. His eyes are warm and intense as he looks Sherlock over.
He goes about restoring his world to what it was before John Watson came crashing into it.
"You've changed your hair."  I keep the conversation light as I duck down enough to peek inside the car. I'm almost expecting to see some thug with a gun waiting within. To my surprise, Mycroft is sitting in the shadowed interior, legs crossed primly, and eyes focused forward on the divider between him and the driver.
really.” Sherlock observes John, hoping his words are conveying the meaning he needs them to now. He desperately wants to keep John a bit longer. “I know you will leave me… One way or another… All I can do is wait… I wait, for you to come… to leave… to return… to leave again… I wait, in the knowledge - the hope anyways - that there will always be this.
In general, I don't take well to being threatened. Anger flares white hot in my chest. I clench my hands into fists.
The sound of his own name being called in that distinctive, rumbling voice rings so clearly in his ears that it is as if Sherlock must be standing right behind him.
His heart threatens to wrench free from the fragile cage of his ribs at the mere thought of what he intends to do, so he stamps his anxiety down by focusing on the sound of John; the creak of the floor under his heavy, weary tread, his mutters and amused huffs as he encounters remnants of Sherlock's various experiments, his contented sigh as the aroma of the steeping tea drifts to his nose.
