"What do you want for dinner?" John  sat In his armchair across from Sherlock who plopped down on the couch.
John was asleep within 20 minutes, but Sherlock never did fall asleep. He waited and waited until morning and finally John woke up.
Emily gasped quietly and quickly brushed away a tear that fell down her cheek. She thanked John for his kind words and for the incredible opportunity that she would gladly accept. Before they could say much more Sherlock returned with her food and drink. He noticed the strange tension in the room and looked back and forth between Emily and John but decided to not mention it. “if you don’t need anything else, I think we are going to try to see a bit of the city this evening before the sun sets.” Sherlock said letting an arm drape over John’s shoulders.
They walked in silence for a few more minutes before Emily once again broke the silence. “I’ve kept up with you over the years… not very often, just a quick google search every now and then. I know you don’t work for a corporation, you’re not a cop, you don’t have any kind of obligation to take cases you don’t want. Why did you take mine?” there was a longing for answers and it was evident in her tone.
"Really? I'm not so sure you can. When was the last time you ate?" John said looking into the dark haired man’s eyes.
When Sherlock was released from the hospital John guided his tired body into the cab. The sun was beginning to rise over the city just as they arrived at the hotel. John was practically supporting Sherlock’s body with his own. The positioning was awkward and after only a few steps he picked up his lover and carried him the rest of the way to their room. Sherlock had been quiet ever since he had woken up and it was hard to tell if it was from exhaustion or because he was still searching for the right things to say.
John had almost forgot about his erection. It had now gone flaccid and he wasn't bothered by it. " no beautiful, I'm fine. What about you? Do you want me to do anything for you?"
Sherlock nodded and the feeling definitely had an effect on a certain part of Johns anatomy. He tried to ignore it but it was very persistent. He was sure Sherlock had noticed but if he did he didn't say anything, and for that John was grateful.
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
" he does eat enough  to stay alive and I've been trying to help him with it too, but I really wouldn't call it mild."
"May I?" He asked pulling at Sherlocks button down. There was slight hesitation but the detective nodded.
Sherlock knew this. He knew how vital time was in a situation such as this. The very human side of Sherlock felt ashamed of himself. His relationship and feelings towards victor truly had nothing to do with his sister. His sister is most likely an innocent victim in all of this and Sherlock was punishing her  and prolonging her suffering by not helping. He closed his eyes tightly and tried fight back tears. He remembered once what John had said about being soldiers and persevering with what was right even in the face of fear, “I’ll do it. Ill take the case. See you tomorrow.” Sherlock walked out not giving Greg the opportunity to say anything else.
“I understand. When I got to high school, I put myself in therapy, I never told them what had happened- only treated the side effects from it. All these years later and I still go to therapy…everyone’s different but it works for me. I used to flinch or shy away when people would go to touch me. I lived in fear that everyone was ready to hit or kick me. I couldn’t date throughout high school or undergrad because I was unable to make any kind of physical connection with people. I couldn’t hug anyone for years, not friends, not my parents, but slowly things have changed…I’ve gotten better. You experienced some of the same things, haven’t you?” Emily was trying hard to connect with him but all he did was nod.
When they got into bed, neither of them could sleep. They couldn’t ignore the tension in the room. Sherlock was no longer crying and finally broke the silence, “are you angry with me?” he asked, his voice trembling. He couldn’t bear to turn over and look at the man lying next to him.
When John arrived at 221b he was thankful for the London traffic that had given him time to compose himself on the way home. He was unsure whether or not to tell Sherlock what he had figured out about Victor. John was, in a way, angry at Sherlock. How could he not be? He was angry and hurt that Sherlock hadn’t told him of Victor’s recent torture. Was it because he didn’t trust John? Through the anger pierced guilt and concern. John couldn’t help but blame himself for being part of the reason of whatever happened, happened; but his concern for Sherlock’s mental and physical health trumped all feelings. He sighed and made his way up the stairs, stopping at the door to lay eyes on the man he loved staring intently into his microscope.
Sherlock stood, buttoning his suit jacket at the middle and placed the papers and notecards in front of him. he took a sip of his water. John looked back at Sherlock’s mother who was already sniffling and holding Mycroft’s hand, John almost wished someone was there to hold his. He settled for clasping his own sweaty palms together.
The biggest reward for me...is seeing how it has affected you all. Whether you relate at all to the characters, or just enjoy the story- seeing the hits number increase and reading comments from you all has seriously brought me so much joy. At the very core of my being all I want to do it help people and make them happy. Even if this story only touched one person, it has all been worth it.
The sound of light, slow footsteps began to become louder-Mrs. Hudson, Sherlock sighed in relief. “hello, love. Brought you your mid-day cuppa.” She smiled and set the cup and saucer on the little table next to John’s chair. “Mrs. Hudson, do you just let anyone into this flat, do you ever think that might be a bit dangerous?” Sherlock said a little too harshly. Mrs. Hudson looked around, confused “no, dear. Usually John tells me when you are expecting a client.” Sherlock sighed loudly, “Well he didn’t tell you to expect anyone, today did he?”
John kissed the top of Sherlock’s head and let his hands caress over Sherlock’s chest and torso lazily. The detective leaned into John’s touch as much as he could, yearning to be as close to his lover as he possibly could. After a few minutes Sherlock began to stir from his position. He moved to where he was sitting horizontally across John’s lap and John held him close. It was no secret John had a ‘thing’ for carrying and holding Sherlock, but the detective seldom got to enjoy it due to his internalized anxiety of him being too heavy for John to hold for more than a few moments. But here in the water, that fear was gone-drowned by sherlock’s knowledge that he was practically weightless in the tub. Here, in this moment, he was able to indulge both his and John’s desires.
I really hope you all enjoy this chapter! Thank you all so much for over 9,000 reads- it means so much to me! SO A LITTLE UPDATE: This story is approximately 10 or less chapters from COMING TO AN END... however, feedback from you all could potentially change a few things. I could either end this story with an epilogue or do a continuation/spin off that will basically just be chapters of sherlocks progression, his and johns relationship, and will definitely include lots of smut and fluff as Sherlock continues to recover and grow.
“then figure out a different way. plus, I’m sure you will be able to think of a few ways to distract me from victors impending sentence in the evenings following the trail.” Sherlock said between kisses to John’s jaw.
"Suppose not, once again sorry I didn't know. I was in the area and thought I would tell you so I didn't have to come back."
Once he left John took up a place by Sherlock and absentmindedly played with sherlocks fingers, " you did good, darling."
John smiled slyly and sat down, “ you can, actually. Given you’ve already seen to our previous arrangement…” John waited for Mycroft to nod his head in confirmation, which he did. “and seeing as how you are my future brother in law and the holiday, I have a request for a Christmas present.”
Sherlock turned and lay half of his body on top of John’s, “I don’t deserve you. I’m sorry. I am. I never meant to hurt you- I never mean to.” Sherlock’s tears landed on John’s bare chest and the shorter man couldn’t help but hold him close, wrapping his arms around him and running his fingers through his still damp hair.
Sherlock nodded, “yes, you need to wait a while before you drink anymore though.” She nodded in understanding, but her eyes pleaded for more of the liquid.
Sherlock reluctantly lifted himself off of John’s now soft penis and clenched at the empty feeling left inside him. when he stood his knees shook and John was quick to stand up and hold him close for support. The ex-soldier chuckled softly, secretly proud that he had that kind of effect on his boyfriend. John picked up Sherlock and let him wrap his legs around him and carried him to their shared bathroom down the hall. “shower or bath, baby?” he asked, setting Sherlock on the sink counter.
"I suppose Victor never cuddled or held you close then."  John said his name as if it was vial tasting.
John fixed an ordinary small breakfast with eggs, some hash browns, and fruit. They say across from each other and John held his fork out to Sherlock with a bite of egg on it. " please?"
Emily swallowed and took a deep breath, “ my brother has been a ticking time bomb since I was old enough to understand what that meant. He is unpredictable, manipulative, explosive, and fails to control his emotions. This nearly always results in fits of rage that hurt those in his way. My whole life ive seen him throw things, punch walls, and even kick our family dog when things didn’t go his way. Despite these faults, he and I had always been close. Up until I was ten and he and his boyfriend at the time broke up. After that he began hitting me, leaving bruises and cuts on my body in fits of anger. It used to only be when he was angry and mom and dad were gone but it grew into a regular occurrence without any instigation needed. Sherlock had been the one who-“
John received a text from Lestrade that he was ten minutes out from the Yard. “Lestrade is almost here, finish up.” He directed Victor and he quickly filled out the last few signature spaces in the document he was on. Victor stood and came far too close to John for the doctor’s liking, “You’re forgetting something John.” He stated and John looked at him confused. “Emotional leverage.” Victor clarified, “I know things about Sherlock, things that could destroy him from the inside out. I know what makes him tick. And I also know that he doesn’t like to talk about those things-in fact I’m a little bit surprised that you know. But I bet he wasn’t even the one who told you, I’m sure it was Mycroft. He always was intervening in everyone’s business. So, if it weren’t for him you wouldn’t have any reason not to trust me or even like me. I like you John, and if you’re not going to let me play with Sherlock-I’ll play with you instead, play with your heart. Or I guess I can start recounting all the intimate details of my relationship with Sherlock, the ones that make him look crazy. Even if I expose myself a little in those stories-I’m not afraid of jail time.” Victor hissed and just as John was about to fire back at him Lestrade walked in. Victor stepped out of John’s space and turned to Lestrade who was giving them both a look of confusion.
Despite the emotionally draining aspect of the day for the both of them, they ended their evening laying on the sofa in domestic bliss.
Hi friends! I hope your new year is off to a good start! Please enjoy this summary for my new fic that is being released TOMORROW titled, "Suddenly All the Songs Were About you"! Also, I hate writing summaries and feel like it's impossible for them not to sound ridiculously cheesy so even if the summary sucks, I hope you'll give the first chapter a chance lol. For more updates you can follow me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna :)
Where do I begin? The beginning perhaps. I began writing this story at the tender age of 14. Looking back on things now I realize I was far too young to be reading and writing this kind of thing- but hey, weren't we all? No matter how I may cringe when I look back at the first 15 chapters of this story, it was a much-needed escape for me. (TRIGGER WARNING FOR THIS NEXT PART, SKIP TO THE NEXT ALL CAPS FOR WHEN IT IS OVER!) It has been noted by some readers that I write topic sensitive scenes with a sense a realism that other aspects of my writing does not have. At 14 I was starving to please. Starving to please other people, shrink myself to society standards, to my own standard, to my so-called friends’ standards…in my mind I have suffered with an eating disorder my whole life. At the age of eight I was far from being morbidly overweight, but I willingly and eagerly let myself be placed onto an adult dieting program. Even before that I was restricting myself from certain foods and hating myself when I looked in the mirror. When I came from a tiny religious school (shocking after reading my smut scenes, I know lol) to a public high school of over 2000 people, I was met with even more beautiful people to compare myself to.
Sherlock nodded and squeezed His bloggers hand before leaving to go shower. When John looked over he noticed Sherlock had only taken one bite out of a slice of Apple. He sighed and cleared the table before getting ready to go to the surgery.
John smiled, “come on, the food is getting cold.” He took Sherlock’s hand and they sat down on the sofa turning on the tv. John ate his noodles, content to watch Doctor Who with Sherlock’s head in his lap. He smirked to himself and took one of the crab Rangoon’s out of their bag and offered it to Sherlock. “no.” the mop of curls replied, and John rolled his eyes, Sherlock loved those cheese filled wantons. He pulled the casing in half and took one of the crisp corners between his teeth and leaned over top of Sherlock, offering for him to take it out of his mouth. Sherlock glanced up and scoffed, “you’re ridiculous, John.” He said before ignoring the floating food above him. John stayed in that position, giving Sherlock time to change his mind and stretched up to take it from John’s mouth with his own and eating it. John smiled and considered that a small Victory.
Bradshaw’s door was open, revealing him crouched over his desk, his suit beginning to wrinkle already from the position. Sherlock and sergeant Bradshaw had very few interactions with one another, but the ones they shared were pleasant and mostly included the sergeant thanking Sherlock for his assistance in cases.
They entered the courtroom for what was hopefully the very last time. The judge’s desk was void of any papers and she looked more confident than ever. She smacked the gavel on the podium, “ I would like to thank detective inspector Lestrade for making the court aware of the gaps in evidence. I have reviewed the documents and reports and feel certain in the final verdict. I would also like to issue and apology to both Mr. Holmes and Mr. Trevor for the premature sentencing. The verdicts made in the case of Trevor vs Trevor remain the same. In the case of Holmes vs. Trevor…Victor Trevor has been found guiltily of domestic abuse, given the same 5 year prison sentence. Due to newly presented evidence, Victor Trevor will be charged to the highest extent for sexual assault, sentenced to 25 years without possibility of parole.”
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
" I'm fine, why are you sorry? You didn't force your cock down my throat." His voice was raspy but he really did seem to be fine.
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
John rubbed the back of his neck with his free hand, “Ah, something happened and he asked if I was alright and I said yes, I just had a long night and then he made a comment about how violin music in middle of the night gets annoying or makes it hard to sleep. But it was obviously a cheap stab at you and I just played dumb.” John spoke quickly but Sherlock caught every word. Sherlock made a small ‘hmm’ noise but had nothing else to say.
Johns chest swelled with a type of honor that Sherlock trusted him so deeply, and also with pride in his partner, knowing this was not a lightly made choice. “ sure, I’ll do that as soon as I go back next week.”
Blood was all over the once white tiles. The place looked like many murder scenes he had worked on. He was drifting in and out of consciousness  and knew this was not how John should find him. But he couldn't move. He picked up his phone and called John.
" I just think I need to lose weight" Sherlock said avoiding Johns gaze and silently pleading for this conversation to be done with.
His memory was interrupted by the cab pulling up to 221b. He handed the cabbie some money and stood on the sidewalk for a few moments collecting his thoughts before heading inside. This case was no longer about him or his feelings. It was about the child Sherlock remembered, the one who saw through the walls he had built up, who wanted nothing more than to help people. And Sherlock knowing just how horrible people can be knew he had a responsibility to keep as many good ones in the world as he could.
"Shh, don't talk you need to keep your strength." He leaned down and kissed his forehead " god I'm so sorry I left you."
Sherlock lay on the couch, flat on his back, as he cherished the silence of their home. He quickly was entering his mind palace- going through rooms, files, and vaults of information hoping to find a loose thread in the case.
She paused for a moment, still trailing closely behind the detective. She saw him nod and took it as permission to continue “so a few weeks ago, I felt ready. I wanted him to get help, but also wanted something for myself. To this day I’m still not exactly sure what. Justice isn’t the right word for it. There is no justice for my situation.” She paused to think and Sherlock recounted how he said nearly those exact words to John after he told him that he had taken the case. “but I wanted him to have repercussions for the pain he had caused me. I invited him over to talk and wanted to give him the option to seek some kind of therapy or rehab, but also wanted him to confess to the police…obviously that didn’t go well. He told me that they wouldn’t believe me and even if they did it was so long ago and there was no proof. That’s when I told him I knew he had abused you too, in ways worse than he did me.”
“do you have any evidence of these cuts?” she asked looking through the photographs to see if she had missed it.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, something he knew John despised when he did. He took note of the way John began biting the inside of his cheek in anger. " nearly a dozen times in the past 48 hours you've almost touched me and decided not to. You've barely kissed me when you’d normally have your mouth on mine every chance you get. You've deliberately not instigated sex today when I know you wanted it last night and this morning. You've gone back to treating me like you were months ago! Im not who I was months ago, I’ve changed, grown, evolved, whatever the hell you want to call it- its time you do the same."
John hummed in acknowledgment and walked to Sherlock’s side, “Can I touch you?” he asked, and Sherlock was quick to stand from his seat and give him a questioning glare “yes, why?” he asked. John wrapped his arms around Sherlock and held him tightly. Sherlock embraced John and dropped a kiss to his hair. John didn’t answer Sherlock’s question, just held him. Sherlock pulled away slightly, “how did it go with Victor?”
Once they turned the corner John took Sherlocks hand and immediately felt the taller man’s breath hitch and his eyes fell on him, but thankfully he didn't object.
“no, I’ve not let anyone in today I figured you must have. I came up when I heard him leave a few moments ago.” Mrs. Hudson looked at Sherlock with a knowing stare. Mrs. Hudson always saw through his façade. She knew he was nervous that he didn’t know what was going on.
John repeated the sentence to himself many times in his head, he closed his eyes and thought about what he wanted to say “ are you sure there isn’t any other way.” Sherlock was silent. John opened his eyes and looked at the detective who was avoiding his stare. “ oh my god, there is another way. What is it?” john said with almost too much hope. “ I would have to tell Lestrade everything” johns heart fell “ and because Lestrade is who I would have to tell I would also have to press charges. I can’t do that john. I’m not ready.” Johns heart broke for his friend “Sherlock, why haven’t you pressed charges? I mean all those years ago, or even more recently why haven’t you tried to get justice for yourself?” Sherlock shot a quick and borderline angry glare at john “Justice? It doesn’t matter if Victor was to spend the rest of his life in prison that brings absolutely no justice, no sense of comfort, or happiness, or security to me. What happened to me had been done john- there is no changing it, there is no so-called justice- I have been damaged and there is no reversing it. I didn’t report it years ago for the same reasons, but also because I was young and I was scared, maybe part of me still is scared. I won’t do it now because I refuse to have such a private matter that has reduced me to a pitiful, broken, and damaged man presented to the public. I will not have Lestrade feel sorry for me, I will not go to court and hear the private details of my life hashed out for the jury and spectators to hear. It's better off If I just take the case and deal with whatever comes of it. And most of all John, I owe it to Emily.” John stared at the man, deeply moved by the words he had just confided in him. “what do you mean you owe it to Emily?” Sherlock sighed “she is the victim in this situation, she is somewhere out there probably scared out of her mind and enduring who knows what. She was never unkind to me, quite the opposite actually. She cared for me many times in the aftermath of whatever had transpired that day. Granted she wasn’t very old, she couldn’t do much for me but she was what I needed then. I have no doubt that in many ways she saved my life during those few years. Now it’s time for me to save hers. She should not be punished for the actions of her brother.” John sighed deeply. “ I am here for you and I support your decision. We need to lay out some boundaries Sherlock.” The detective looked up at his boyfriend confused, “boundaries?” john nodded “yes, I don’t want you near victor unless you have to be, and I absolutely don’t want the two of you left alone. If you're scared or uncomfortable, you MUST tell me and my god Sherlock if he so much as lays a finger on you or alludes to anything about your past relationship with him, I will not take it lightly and I won’t spare him any harm.” Sherlock nodded “I understand john. I’m scared. I nervous. I feel sick to even think about being near him. I’ve not heard his voice in over 10 years and john when I think about the fact, I know I will have to hear it within the next 48 hours or sooner I feel like vomiting. But I can’t control what I have to do for this case and how NSY will require me to act. For once I am the one at the disadvantage and have no control.” John pulled the detective close and just held him there for as long as he would allow. “thank you” john said dropping a kiss to sherlocks head “for telling me- for trusting me with what you have and for letting me be a part of this. I’m going to take off work from now until this case is finished. I want to be here for you every step of the way.”
Sherlock almost couldn’t bring himself to look at John, for fear of how he may be looking at him. Ultimately, he looked at John who had tears brimming his eyes, a sight he rarely saw. Sherlock’s chest felt tight and he wanted so badly to leave the flat and escape the situation. “John, I’m sorry. I should have told you. I didn’t want you to worry or do something that could compromise this investigation. if and when we prove him guilty, he will be out of our lives for a very long time. I wanted to tell you. I just couldn’t make myself do it.” Sherlock said submissively.
John paid the bill and began pulling conversation topics out of thin air in attempts to keep the mood light, but Sherlock could only nod as he listened to bits a pieces. The walk back to their hotel was quiet, neither one of them able to fabricate any more conversation. As they approached their door John felt self-conscious knowing what awaited on the other side. Sherlock scanned the key card and they stepped inside and Sherlock’s eyes dilated. Tea light candles were placed around the room, a small bottle of what he knew to be high quality lube was placed on the bedside table along with a few condoms. There was a small white envelope with his name on it, carefully written in John’s best handwriting. John cleared his throat, “Sherlock…I’m sorry maybe this was too much and we don’t have to-” John’s stammered and unneeded apology was cut off by Sherlock grabbing him by the front of his shirt and kissing him passionately. “thank you” Sherlock whispered, breaking away from the kiss and leaning to kiss from John’s shoulder, up his neck to his ear, “take me, please.” John made a low moan and pulled Sherlock back to his mouth.
“sounds to me like you have negligent parents. What couple leaves their college age son in charge of a child?” her question was redundant, and her voice burned into its listeners. Mr. and Mrs. Trevor lowered their eyes in shame. “ you had friends that you often stayed with, their parents never saw any of these bruises?”
Hi my lovely readers! I hope you all enjoy this chapter, it's not as exciting as some of the past ones but it feels necessary. Stay healthy and safe, lots of love...
Sherlock awoke in the middle of the night in a cold sweat. Frightened from the images his subconscious had created of Victor touching his hair. When his eyes shot open and he realized he was safe in his bed with John, he calmed his breathing and gently turned onto his side so that he was facing his lover. John was fast asleep, seemingly at complete peace. Sherlock lay there and observed the rugged features of the man's face in the dim glow of the streetlights outside. He brought up his hand and traced John’s jawline softy as he took a deep breath, inhaling the familiar and comforting scent of John’s aftershave. John’s eyes began to flutter open softly.
Sherlock made sure to get up before John that morning to make them breakfast. He found that if it made John happy to see him eat just a little bit he could. Sherlock was a awful cook, anyone who had ever asked him to cook knew that. He decided that he could fix toast, eggs, and fruit without ruining it. The toast came up a moment before John entered the kitchen. He was still In his dressing robe and John was in a white t shirt and sweat pants. John came over and hugged him gently. "You made breakfast?"
“I don’t know, Sherlock. The catacombs are open to the public, hell- they even have scheduled tours everyday. She would have caught someone’s attention by now.” Lestrade tried to reason with the detective.
John didn’t reply, only let out a frustrated breath that was cut short when Sherlock suddenly pressed his mouth to John’s for a split second before taking John’s bottom lip between his and pulling off of it. “Later, though. I promise,” Sherlock’s deep baritone voice rang in John’s ears as he stood still in a slight state of shock. He picked up his tea and took a few sips as Sherlock continued organizing. “Hmpf,” he sounded “tease,” He said only half serious as he sat in his chair and caught the smile Sherlock tried to keep to himself.
Sherlock recounted all of the evidence, making sure to emphasize the key piece which was the dirt left in his flat after Victor had paid him a visit. He recounted of how he found Emily in the tunnels. “ id like to tell you of a conversation the plaintiff and I had regarding her abuse accusations… if I may.” He added bitterly. The judge nodded her head, much to Sherlock’s surprise. “ Emily told me she sought out therapy because her brother was abusive towards her, this shocked me as I had spent nearly five years around this family and Victor was nothing but kind to her. However, she told me- and this will make sense to you seeing as you have viewed my file- that she became my replacement when our relationship ended.”
"I'm disgusting," tears began to fall down the pale man’s cheeks " this is why John won't love me, I have to fix it, I won't eat for 4 days this week, lots of water, I'll get out and exercise. Maybe then he will love me."
They got there and Sherlock was rushed through the halls with John on the paramedics heals, but a door was slammed in his face and he knew he had to stay out.
Mycroft nodded, “you’ve been good for him. What about his eating? I can see he’s filling back out again. He looks better, much less…skeletal.”
Hi my lovely readers! I hope you all enjoy this chapter, it's not as exciting as some of the past ones but it feels necessary. Stay healthy and safe, lots of love...
He wrestled with his own thoughts and pride before he swallowed it and climbed the stairs to John’s room. When he opened the door, he could see John’s silhouette outlined by the streetlights. He stood in the doorway for a few moments debating on whether or not to go back downstairs. He couldn’t ignore the feeling of safely that washed over him just from being in the same room as John.
John stood from the bed and took Sherlock’s hand, “ see you tomorrow, it was nice meeting you.” He said with a grin as Sherlock began to lead him out of the room.
“Sherlock, this isn’t a game. I know you enjoy this sort of thing but there is a young girl missing and relying on us to find her. There is no time for drawing this one out. Now who took her?” Lestrade scolded.
The sergeant’s eyes shot up from the form and he sighed, “surely you must know how difficult it will be to validate a case from that long ago…”
He pulled on his robe and walked downstairs to put the kettle on and turned on the shower as he made his way back upstairs. He crouched down next to Sherlock, “ the showers warming up.” He said kissing the detectives head as he opened his eyes once more “ I have two options for you.”
“ I’m just not interested, but if I must cooperate then it is what it is.” Sherlock lied and stood up, turning to walk out of the door but Lestrade was hot on his heels. “we still need to talk about your part in this case. The victims brother was the last to see her and I want you and i to sit down and interview him.”
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
When John came back upstairs Sherlock was still leaning against the arm of his chair. John brought him close, resting his dark hair against his soft jumper. Sherlock didn’t cry, he couldn’t force the tears to his eyes, he just stared.
"He doesn't eat, he is getting paler by the minutes and I'm just worried that one day I'll wake up but he won't." John said, his voice beginning to shake towards the end.
“I’ll do what I can.” John assured with a nod and went back inside. When he was back upstairs, he went back to Sherlock who was watching Mycroft’s car drive off. John stood at Sherlock’s left side and looked at the love bites. Sherlock looked at the shorter man and they broke into a short fit of laughter. “you should cover those when we leave the flat, I’m sorry, I’ll be more cautious of where I put them next time.” John spoke, running his ringers across them. Sherlock’s smile dropped, “I don’t want to cover them.” John looked confused “why? Sherlock, you know the team at Scotland yard will tease you I about it. Maybe more you than me.” Sherlock nodded, “they do that anyway, they’ve assumed we’ve been shagging for years, why not give them what they want.” John laughed softly, “ I guess I don’t particularly care if you don’t. but we have a new set of eyes on us now. Is that something you want Victor to see?” John asked, and his chest tightened bringing Victor into the conversation. “let him see it. He knows we are together John, or at the very least living with one another. I don’t care if he sees the evidence of our love on my body.” Sherlock’s articulateness never failed to impress John, but something about this statement caused an intense response. “Sherlock, are you…do you want Victor to know we are together? That I’m the one who marked up your neck?” Sherlock blushed and looked away, “oh. You do.” John said as his eyes dilated, and he pulled Sherlock into a heavy kiss. “you want him to know you're mine?” John whispered as he gently tugged Sherlock bottom lip with his teeth, a small ‘yes’ was all Sherlock could manage to choke out. “I’ll leave it up to you then, love. It’s all fine with me. It’s all fine.” John kissed him once more “I’m going to have to break this off here or else this case will never get solved.” The blogger teased as he sat back in his chair and resumed his work on his laptop.
When John was about to question why, he had woken up enough to realize why Sherlock was uncomfortable alone in his room. Guilt washed over the good doctor. " oh, baby, I'm sorry." He said sincerely as he pulled the covers back, inviting Sherlock into the bed with him.
"Sherlock, yes you piss me off sometimes but I wouldn't trade meeting you for anything in the world."
While their morning had been filled with pleasant conversation and lazy kisses, it was too good to last. Sherlock’s phone rang and his chest tightened when he saw Lestrade’s name appear. He set down his cup of tea, “morning” he said in a mildly annoyed tone. “good morning, I’ve got Emily Trevor’s brother down here at the yard filling out the waivers and other paperwork, come on down and we can start the interview.” Lestrade stated very casually. Sherlock’s stomach felt tight and his hands wanted to tremble, but he refused to let them. “I’ll be there in half an hour,” Sherlock said, hanging up the phone, not waiting for a reply from the detective inspector. John had listened from the kitchen where he was reading the paper, “Lestrade?” he asked with a half-smile. Sherlock nodded, “Victor is at his office, we are conducting the interview today.” The mood of the flat changed in an instant, the tension in the air was almost tangible. “Alright, let me get dressed.” John said calmly as he walked towards Sherlock, taking his hands in his own and admiring his long, slender fingers. “it will be okay. I’m here, I love you.” John said in the best reassuring voice he could muster. Sherlock only nodded before stepping back and making his way to his room.
“Stay here for a few minutes and watch the news, figure out where the explosion was and let’s head near the street. We don’t even know if he was near that part, try to keep your head up. I’m gonna go deal with Victor and I’ll sneak away as soon I can, alright?” Lestrade mustered up his best brave face and voice of reason “don’t do anything stupid.” And with that the DI left.
Sherlocks breath hitched at the pet name " I don't know, I suppose It just felt like the right thing to say"
“ I created a list of symptoms in order to get an antibiotic that would ward off infections. I did my research.”
Sherlock smirked at John safeguarding him, “ very thoughtful of you, John, but there will be plenty of security there. No need to break out your old military uniform.” He teased fondly. When John didn’t reply Sherlock tacked on “on second thought I’d love to see you in you uniform sometime.” He said licking over John’s collarbone, making the older man moan.
Hours had passed and the sun was shining through the pale yellow draped in the hotel room. John rolled over, extending his arm to throw over Sherlock but was disturbed to find the spot next to him empty. Groggy and still a bit dazed from his sleep he went to the bathroom, still not seeing Sherlock in their suite. The realization only hit him when he saw the bag, he had packed with supplies for Emily was gone and so was Sherlock’s coat. His blood ran cold as he stood shell shocked, staring at where the bag laid last night.
As Sherlock lay in bed watching the clock over John’s shoulder, he couldn’t help but notice the minutes simultaneously seemed to drag and fly by. He wanted to soak up every minute he had to lay with John, but he wanted to get this case finished with.
“ Ms. Trevor, I have read over you case and it is to my understanding you are asking the court for reprimands against the defendant ,Victor Trevor, on the accusations of abuse, kidnapping, and attempted murder- is that correct?” the judge inquired with no emotion.
The next morning John remained distant. He showered without an overused joke of how Sherlock should join him, there were no terms of endearment directed at Sherlock, no pet names or lingering touches, and when John left for the surgery, he cautiously placed a kiss to Sherlock’s temple before making his way down the stairs.
"God forbid I care about you Sherlock. God forbid I try to do right by you because it always ends up coming back to bite me. Nothing I do is ever right when it comes to you. I touch you too much, then not enough; I make sure you’re alright too often, I'm too considerate, I pity you. You know what, I do pity you- but not for the reasons you think. I don't pity you because you were abused and still suffer with consequences from it. I pity you because you have someone who tries every day to help you and you treat them like shit. What a miserable life it must be to be able to treat someone that way and have the mindset they will keep coming back to you."
“ so I went with him. He kept me in his home for several days and then took me to the airport. he drugged me as soon as we got into the cab in Paris and the next thing, I remember is waking up in a pitch-black cave. I had a small bag next to me with some water and cyanide pills.” Emily’s voice had started to tremor, and she breathed a sigh of relief when she finished her statement. When she looked towards her brother, she saw that his eyes were welling with tears.
Lestrade arrived at Baker Street within the hour. Sherlock watched the police car pull up and remained attentive to the street even after Lestrade had entered their flat to ensure no one had followed him over. When Sherlock was satisfied that they were alone he sat down in his chair across from John’s, “You didn’t tell Victor you were called here, right?” he asked. Lestrade shook his head and answered Sherlock’s next question, “No, he wasn’t with me when you called. I figured he was on his way back from seeing you.”
"Point is I was told I would have a female therapist and now there is a man with mild halitosis, 3 cats, an ex wife, and a current blonde girlfriend standing in the middle of my flat. Mycroft scheduled a female for a reason."
“I don’t, I just have a thing for John Watson.” He said rolling off his lover, back onto his side of the bed.
“I hope you commit this to memory because I may never say these words again.” Sherlock had John’s attention “I have absolutely no idea what I’m doing.”
John’s eyes softened and he took Sherlock’s hands in his own, rubbing his thumbs across the smooth, pale skin. “love, I promise I’m not going to leave you. Do you really think so little of me?” he asked and was met with Sherlock shaking his head quickly. “will hearing the details be difficult and probably infuriating? Yes. But it would take an act of god himself to keep me out of that courtroom.”
“you are awfully concerned about me and our past relationship for someone who’s sister was just abducted and taken god knows where.” Sherlock said not responding to any of what Victor wanted him to.
When Sherlock's mom is sent to work at a research campus in the southern United States, he is less than thrilled about having to pack their family up. But once his eyes fall on straight football player and high school senior John Watson- he starts to think it might not be so bad.
Sherlock was torn out of his thoughts when John’s voice broke through the silence, " Sherlock? What are you doing, love?" John asked sleepily and the detectives heart jumped at the pet name, another beloved attribute John had decided to forgo in the past few days.
John pulled him to his chest, “ I’m not feeling very gentle tonight, Mr. Holmes.” they tumbled through the hallway to Sherlock’s bedroom, pushing one another against the walls and fighting for a sense of dominance-but it always belonged to John. The ex-soldier pulled the tie of Sherlock’s robe and slid it off his shoulders, both stumbling as it pooled at their feet, blocking their path. John picked up Sherlock, throwing him on the bed with a bit of added drama. He stared down at his boyfriend, pupils growing wider with lust as his hand slowly traveled down Sherlock’s long torso. John’s sweat pants had shifted even lower on the detectives hips, revealing the prominent V line that begged for John’s attention. He was trailing his fingers along either side of the V, ghost like touches that left Sherlock wondering if he was imagining them. John pulled the sweats from pale hips that finally looked human. Sherlock’s bones only visible when he arched his back in a way that nearly made John feral. Sherlock felt himself already starting to sweat under John’s attention. When the older man took him into his mouth he couldn’t help the fingers that went to the sandy blonde hair. When he realized what he had done he made a quick apology and removed his hand from John’s head. The blogger hadn’t missed a beat, continuing to trail his tongue over Sherlock’s leaking cock and sinking down on it as far as he could managing without gagging. He felt around the bed for his lovers hand, too consumed with what he was doing to pull off and look where it might have been. When his fingers finally touched Sherlock’s skin he placed the hand back where it had rested on the crown of his head.
DID YOU MISS ME? It's been 5 years since i've updated this fanfic and i am so excited to announce i am picking it back up again. If any of my original readers are here, hi and good to see you again! i hope my writing has improved since then and that you enjoy this story. Lots of love <3
Lestrade told them all about the passports and Sherlock’s excitement grew as the story continued. All of a sudden, the excitement stopped as a light bulb went off in his head. “Oh! Oh, how could I have been so stupid! It all makes so much sense.” The detective exclaimed rising from him chair, “The guano, the sediment, the calcium, it’s Christmas!”
Sherlock managed not to complain through most of the trip. John stopped in the medicine aisle to get some pain killers for his shoulder and Sherlocks head. He found them and was ready to move when he looked over at Sherlock and saw him holding a pack of condoms and looking at them.
Sherlock let out a loud breath, “John. Please, be quiet.” He said in a less than friendly tone. “I feel fine.” He lied “nothing happened when you left. He stood there and stared at me like he did when you were there and then he said he should get home before it got too late. I’m not upset with you for leaving the lab, I told you to go. Don’t be so daft John, you know exactly why we are playing the ‘I’ve never met you before’ game. The more you lie the more you have to come up with details and fake stories and I don’t care to fabricate a cushioned backstory about how I know who he is.” Sherlock finished and finally looked at John who was staring almost blankly at him, only a small trace of hurt was present.
There was nothing of great sustenance in their short conversation but for someone like Sherlock who had never encountered someone who cared enough about him just to check in during the middle of an ordinary day- it evoked feelings within him that he wasn’t sure how to respond to.
“no. the angle of the letters would make it physically impossible for me to have done anything other than the straight lines that overlap them.” Sherlock sated, his face burning with embarrassment and anxiety.
A tall man with slicked back hair moved from the crowd and stood next to Victor at the podium. Sherlock reached for John at the same time John had reached for him. This man, this so-called therapist was the same man who had been visiting Sherlock several times a week since his incident in the hospital. Sherlock turned his head quickly to look at Mycroft. The younger Holmes face was twisted with anger but softened when his brothers’ eyes met his with confusion.
Sherlock nodded " yes, you are the only reason I came back John, there are far more interesting things I could have done in the place I was but I didn't want to solve crimes and jump rooftops if I couldn't do it with you"
Sherlock was soon feeling overwhelmed with….he wasn’t sure what, he just knew he wanted John closer. In a hasty movement he straddled John’s lap, making his partner laugh and leaned into a lengthy kiss. John’s hands gripped on Sherlock’s waistline, making sure his lover didn’t fall backwards off his lap. Sherlock’s lips were on John’s neck in a change of positions. “ careful, we have to see your parents in two days.” John chided, savoring the low rumble of Sherlock’s laugh so close to his ear. It send a thrill through his body and he fluidly threw Sherlock onto his back and hovered above him, fingers gripping a little roughly in Sherlock’s hair- eliciting a moan from the man under him. He pushed Sherlock’s robe to the side and kissed down the pale chest, carful to only leave marks well below the line of Sherlock’s shirt collar.
"Not hungry" as soon as the words left his mouth John wanted to tell him he was a liar and shove a piece of toast in the man’s mouth.
Sherlock turned slightly to look at John, “ he’s not been allowed any outside influences since he became so involved with the case and is testifying as part of Scotland Yard. He most likely has no idea.”
Sherlock left and she and John shared a few moments of mildly uncomfortable silence before Emily finally spoke up. “you’re good for him.” She stated plainly. John smiled towards the floor. “not to mention he’s completely in love with you.
John cleared his throat and straightened his posture, “you’ve got no idea how possessive I’m feeling.”
Sherlock was already up and dressed in a purple shirt that was once tight on him but now was a bit loose.
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
John listened from the kitchen and smiled aimlessly down at the kettle remember how Sherlock said those exact words to him second time they had met.
When John opened his eyes he was hoping to find his warm boyfriend next to him, but he didn't. He looked over unaware of the time but had speculations it was probably morning and he should get ready for work. The clock blinked 3:54, he sighed to himself and walked to the living room where Sherlock sat on the sofa, legs crossed and picking at the strings on his violin, he looked up when he heard John.
“will you go to Tesco and get some things for our trip tomorrow? We will leave early in the morning.” he said, catching John off guard.
Phrased that way it made complete sense, and as usual, Sherlock was right. No matter what would have happened in the order of testimonies, Sherlock would have had to say his side of everything. John put a hand on Sherlock’s ribs, subconsciously where he now knew Victor’s name was carved into the delicate flesh. Two pairs of blue eyes met and comfortably stared into one another. They say the eyes are the window to the soul, and for the first time, staring at Sherlock, John thought the younger mans soul seemed at peace. John leaned up to give him a light kiss that was returned with a thin lipped smile. “ I’m going to go shower.” And with that Sherlock left John with only his thoughts.
John’s confession pulled at Sherlock’s heart strings and he held his lover tighter, “It’s going to be fine. I trust the people we are meeting up with and I promise we won’t get separated in the tunnels.” Sherlock grabbed the sides of John’s face and planted a hard, chaste kiss on his mouth. “I’ll have a granola bar. Let’s go.”
It felt as if all eyes in the room fell on Lestrade who appeared to be in a trance, hanging on every word between Sherlock and the judge.
John leaned close to Sherlock ear, placing a featherlike kiss to it, “ I told you I’m going to make you tired…I want you to ride me”
“because I get it. We were deeply hurt by the same person; it connects us in ways even the best therapists can’t crack. I’m not much, and if after we get out of here you never want to see me again, I understand; but I’m always here for you, I always have been.” She smiled at him and reached to take his hand once more when something grabbed her from a tunnel that branched off. Emily let out a blood curdling scream and Sherlock was quick to throw punches. The man dropped to the ground and held up his hands, “Arrêtez! Stop! Recherche et sauvetage Paris! Paris search and rescue.” The man yelled as he protected his face from Sherlock’s blows that came to an abrupt stop. The detective extended his hand and helped the man to his feet.
Sherlock let himself tremble in fear there in the corner of Bart’s hospital lab. The impending panic he had fought off all day was now free to consume him. There was no change in Victor, he was still the same vile human being he was all those years ago. He showed no remorse, no sympathy. If anything, he rubbed salt in Sherlock’s barely scabbed over wounds. First, he genuinely didn’t remember who Sherlock was, pretends to still not know him, plays that façade all day, and the first chance he had to see if the damage he inflicted was still present- he took it.
"Right." John sighed feeling awkward. " besides wanting to please me, where are you wanting it to go? Or I guess a better question would be where and how do you want to start?"
It felt like he had stood staring at his son forever, unsure of what to do. But when Sherlock broke the silence with a broken, “Dad, I’m-” he stepped forward and wrapped his arms around his son. Sherlock hugged him back for the first time in a long time. To his fading memory this was the first time they had embraced one another since he and his wife dropped him off at university all those years ago. “it will be alright, it will.” was all he could offer to his son.
Days upon days passed and Sherlock still refused to eat more than an apple or some nuts. He looked thinner than before and John knew he had to do something. And that something was speaking to Mycroft.
"Once again he didn't mean to, come back and we can get back to where we were." He stretched his hand out to the taller man.
“no. I just needed to be alone with you for a few minutes.” John said finishing up and washing his hands before pulling Sherlock into one of the stalls and locking the door. He leaned onto the balls of his feet and kissed the detective slowly. He could feel his lover relaxing in his arms as he held him in an embrace.
Lestrade looked up, his eyes wide “oh for Christ’s sake, Sherlock” he started but then fell silent. “I can’t believe we are having this conversation- me and you.” he scoffed before continuing “yeah, I do. But It can’t and won’t happen, I know that. He’s guilty. no matter how badly I may not want him to be in the moment- I know he is. You’re right, it’s obvious he’s the one whose kidnapped her. I saw it for myself and still don’t want to believe it.” Lestrade and Sherlock both took a long drag from their cigarettes. “it won’t affect the case, I promise.” Lestrade spoke with conviction and Sherlock believed him. Lestrade may not be the world’s best detective inspector but he wasn’t one to compromise a case for personal gain. The DI let out a breathy laugh, “the one person I take a massive interest in for the first time in over five years is a criminal. He’s nice- well it’s fake obviously now but he puts on a good show- he’s charismatic, got a great sense of humor, and i’m sure you’d agree with me that he’s ruggedly handsome. Shit, why am I telling you this.”
I hope you all are enjoying these chapters, please comment with any feedback or questions you may have- i am always happy yo talk with you guys! Stay healthy and safe! Lots of love <3
"Well, no one is perfect but your perfect to me and if it's alright with you I would love to be yours as well" John replied.
"Adult male found near the door, probably because he was trying to protect his family, meaning he loved them enough to risk his life. Steady relationship, but struggled financially. Adult female pressed against the bedroom door, obviously wanting to see if her husband was alright. With her was 3 children by the looks of it ages 10,7, and 4. The door was not opened until you all opened it and found them correct? " Sherlock spoke quickly.
John let his hand that was resting on Sherlock’s waist gently caress the detectives back. He took his smartphone off the bedside table and squinted at the bright light it emitted. He cracked a smile at his recently changed lock screen photo, it was the one the couple took yesterday of him kissing Sherlock’s cheek in the yard of the Eiffel tower. Sherlock complained about John choosing that picture to be on display, but never directly asked him to change it. He looked through a few of his social medias before swiping to his news app. The cover article read “Sherlock Holmes finds missing London medical student in Paris catacombs!” John quickly skimmed the page but it told him nothing he didn’t already know. As he swiped through the news site nearly all the recent publishing’s were about the man wrapped around him. John smiled to himself with pride to be in love with the ‘hero of London’ but Sherlock being a hero was nothing new to him, he had been John’s for a long time.
In a twist of schedule John awoke before Sherlock, the detective’s long limbs still draped comfortably over him. The dark mop of curls came to rest just below the doctor’s chin, giving John the perfect position to drop kisses to his partners and inhale deeply the comforting scent of Sherlock…or home, they smell the same to him now.
The shorter man opened his mouth to say something but quickly shut it and look at Sherlock as if saying 'go on'
Sherlock smashed the cigarette into the crystal tray on the coffee table, the same one he had stolen from Buckingham palace. " don't play dumb, John. I've decided to testify against victor for all of a day and a half and you’re already starting to treat me different."
Lestrade was silent for a moment, “ I’ll give you 10 minutes in her apartment, but someone has to be there with you from my team and since I assume you want to keep this on the down low it will have to be me.” Sherlock shook his head, “no I need to make sure Victor is with you. He can’t know we went back to her apartment.”  Lestrade sighed, “I can’t let you in there alone. John, why don’t you stay with Victor. I’ll give him some fake paperwork to fill out and you can keep an eye on him while Sherlock and I run out there.” Just as Sherlock was about to protest John agreed.
“no. like you said you were young. I hold nothing against you.” He mumbled. “besides, all those times you bandaged my injuries and watched movies with me…you were already doing what I needed.”
There was an over whelming amount of emotion inside of Sherlock and he couldn't help but to pull John onto his chest and hold him there.
John went over and sat on the edge of the mattress and ran his fingers thorough Sherlocks hair. "Can we talk, calmly."
“I don’t know if you want John to be here while we talk about it…” she finally spit out, catching the two men’s attention.
“The catacombs?” The DI’s interest was at an absolute peak “you think he’s put her in the catacombs, the place with all the bones and skulls?”
They walked down the steps together and before he opened the door for Emily to step out into the cold he stumbled over his words, “ I apologize, for how I reacted. It was out of line and uncalled for.”
Sherlock placed his hand over one of hers, “it’s fine.”  ‘I’ll do whatever I can to help you. This isn’t about me.’ He said to himself …or at least he thought he had until Emily replied. “you’re selfless, I wouldn’t have blamed you if you never even tried to find me.”
John blinked quickly as tears pricked the back of his eyes and threatened to fall. Moments like these were so few and far between. He really couldn’t remember the last time Sherlock had been this expressive to him. He still hadn’t said anything, unknowing how to follow up something as moving as that. He leaned his head forward and kissed the top of Sherlocks head, “Sherlock, I-I don’t know what to say, other than thank you I guess, I’m very moved. I love you, problems and all. God knows I have plenty of my own.” John chuckled and Sherlock smiled against the bare skin of John’s chest.
“what, did you need me to hold it?” Sherlock said in a bratty tone, earning a laugh from John who was already relieving himself.
"I told you, I was bored and you can't leave work, so I came here. Although it's not as intresting as I thought It would be."
Almost mothing came of their conversation, of course Mycroft knew people in France-even a few of Sherlock’s homeless network, but not Billy Wiggins and Sherlock made sure to leave no trail. John couldn’t bear to wait in the hotel room any longer. He took a taxi to the 8th arrondissement and began walking to any and all entrances marked on a map one of the homeless networkers gave him yesterday. He wasn’t going to go down, but he needed to kill time, and this seemed like the best way to do it.
Sherlock went to bed that night happier than he could ever remember being. John wanted him, even with all of his flaws. He was the only person he had ever met who would put up with his sulking and not be mad at him on a regular basis. In one word Sherlock felt loved. That night Sherlock fell asleep with a smile on his face.
“I have a homeless network in Paris and some connections with people who know the Catacombs like you and I know the streets of London. There is an elusive group of people who call themselves cataphiles who frequently explore, visit, hold parties, etcetera in the non-public parts of the tunnels- they will be more than willing to help me, it still won’t be easy but it can be done.” Sherlock spoke with confidence, but his voice faltered a bit at the end. He knew the even the most experienced of explorers have gotten lost in the underground labyrinth of Paris.
John removed his trousers, leaving him only in his tight black briefs. Sherlock came back down, naked from the hips down, and sunk to his knees in front of John. “you want to give me a blowjob? How is that fair?”
"I get off in 2 hours, I suppose you can stay until then as long as you don't disturb anything or anyone "
Sherlock lifted his head and began kissing along John’s neck. When the kisses began to turn into gentle nips John broke the silence, “Careful where you put those things, I’m not as much of an exhibitionist as you are, baby.” He said teasingly and Sherlock smiled against the soft skin. The dark-haired man had no intentions of stopping but moved his efforts lower down John’s body where they could be concealed with ease.
Audible gasps and whispers began in the courtroom and join felt his blood boil with the increasing noise level. He saw looked up to his partner, his eyes were closed. Perhaps hoping that when he opened them that this would have all been a nightmare, but it wasn’t. The judge called the court to order once more. “ given the allegations happened ten years ago, and the only evidence we have is a doctors note that matches to Mr. Holmes’s testimony; Mr. Trevor can not be held liable without a confession or further evidence. I am willing to reconsider the matter if anyone has additional information.”
John shook the DI’s hand, “Anytime. If you’re done with me, I’m going to head back home. To my boyfriend. Sherlock.” John stated and the awkward sentence made everyone in the room feel just that…awkward. John waved goodbye and walked out to the cab Lestrade had waiting.
" your a very sexual man John. You want that in a relationship, I can't give that to you. You will grow tired of pornography and your hand and break it off"
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
He looked down and laughed when he saw her number. Sherlock made a growl from his bed, " I want her killed"
NEW STORY UPDATE: I will be posting the first chapter of my new story ‘Suddenly All the Songs Were About You’ on January 15,2021! I will make the announcements on this story and also give you all a preview of the summary a few days before the story comes out! Until then, you can keep up with me on twitter @OhHeyyItsAnna I would love to interact with you all!
EXCITING NEWS!!!!!! I HAVE A NEW JOHNLOCK STORY COMING OUT JANUARY 15,2021! This story is going to be completely different from Starving to Please and be written in a little bit of a different style that i feel helps the story read smoother than this one. Even better, is i have the entire story completely written so i wont be late with updates! I will share the summary with you all on the very last chapter of this story but for now all i'm going to share is the title name which is *drum roll* Suddenly All the Songs Were About You! I hope and pray that you all will like this one as much as you have Starving to Please. If you have any questions I am more than happy to answer them if I can!
"Victor was kind to him, took him to dinners, bought him presents, all horribly dull things that Sherlock pretended to like because he thought it made Victor happy. And if there was someone who would love him, it was something he may never get again. So he went along with everything Victor did. They graduated and went to the same university. That's when everything changed. They lived together but Victor never wanted to spend time with Sherlock. He was always out with "friends" he cheated on Sherlock more times that you can count. One-night Victor came back drunk, yelling insults at Sherlock telling him he was worthless and that he should leave him. Sherlock was hurt but tried to blame it on the alcohol. Victor raped him that night. The next morning Sherlock went to the bathroom to shower, when Victor came in, he told Sherlock he was fat, ugly, disgusting and that no one would ever love him for as long as he looked like that. He should have ended the relationship but didn't because he grew to think Victor was right. That's when Sherlock stopped eating like a normal person, that's why Sherlock doesn't have relationships, doesn't have sex. John he is terrified of it. Victor did so many horrible things to him, but he never told anyone. The abuse continued all the years of uni and then when Sherlock told Victor he was moving, he left Sherlock like he never mattered. And I suppose to Victor he didn't matter, but Sherlock thought Victor had loved him and it hurt him that he had failed his only relationship. He cares about you John, and if you can't see that then pardon me but you're bloody stupid. He wants you to think he is perfect and brilliant in every way, he wants to impress you. Victor used to " reward" Sherlock for every half stone he would lose. The reward of course wasn't pleasant for Sherlock, only for Victor but Sherlock thought and still thinks that is how sex is. Painful, harsh, rough, and full of agony. If it made Victor happy, he would do it, that's why he lets very few people in now, John."
“I see,” Emily said pulling his coat tighter around her “ anyway, when I told him I had known about what he did to you he threatened me. I was angry and unafraid. I told him I didn’t care what he thought would happen, that I had made my mind up. I even went as far as telling him if it came between me and him that you would testify in my favor. He switched his demeanor, apologized, and said he needed some time to think. He left as I was taking my dog out, held a knife to my throat and I followed him. He kept me at his apartment for a long time-I don’t even know how many days I’ve been missing. He brought me to Paris, blind folded me and guided me down here. He gave me some water and two cyanide pills as a form of mercy. They’re in the makeup bag still, I was hoping someone would find me before it came to that.”
"Fine." Sherlock got into his bed and folded the covers over to allow John in. John pressed another quick kiss to his lips and said goodnight again.
Sherlock’s eyebrows furrowed, “Really, I’ve just told you all of this and you’re concerned about my choice of vocabulary?”
"It's alright, where we're you" Sherlock said, sitting up and the sheet draped off one of his shoulders.
“the bare minimum, but he knows the bare minimum about a lot!” Sherlock was getting worked up. John placed a firm hand on his shoulder, “come with me to the loo?”  Sherlock huffed but followed him anyway.
His stomach growled. A few weeks ago, he would have felt proud to be that hungry but knew that the only reason he was hungry was because John hadn't asked him to eat since last night. He sighed and pulled John’s leftovers from the fridge, taking a few heaping bites. This was the first time in a long time he ate when he felt hungry and no one forced him to do it.
“repeated instances of rape over a five year period.” Sherlock’s tone was level, but John watched the mans fingers rub against each other at his side.
“Emily, its okay. I’m here to help you. I’m not going to hurt you. I promise.” Sherlock approached her cautiously. As her piercing green eyes adjusted to the light, she finally looked up at him, tears streaming down her face as she let out hoarse choked sobs. Sherlock set the flashlight down on its end so that the light shown up towards the ceiling, illuminating the small cavern. Sherlock knelt down beside her and held her gaze. There was so much pain and fear in her eyes, the same eyes that once held only compassion and carefree wonder were now reminiscent of his own eyes when he was with Victor.
John was sitting in one of the chairs by the window reading through comments on his blog when he heard the water of the tub finally stop. A sly smile crossed his lips as he formulated an idea in his head. He grabbed a small bag that contained his toothbrush and toothpaste and quietly made his way into the bathroom. He saw Sherlock’s dark curls resting on the edge of the porcelain white tub and bubbles, his eyes were closed, and his normally ivory skin was tinted pink from the hot water. He shut the door gently and Sherlock’s eyes opened, acknowledging his presence. “Mind if I brush my teeth?” John asked and Sherlock nodded, following John’s figure in the mirror. After the doctor had finished, he stood in front of Sherlock and began slowly unbuttoning his shirt, “you know, I was going to take a shower…” he trailed off watching as Sherlock’s gaze was fixed on his fingers moving down his shirt. “I, I can finish up… sorry, ill get out.” The detective stammered a bit and reached to open the drain of the tub when John caught his wrist. “no, stay. I was going to ask if I could join you?” he asked with a smirk, catching Sherlock off guard for a moment. The dark headed man nodded and continued watching his lover undress in front of him.
The day continued without either of them saying much of anything to one another. Well, John would speak to Sherlock and if he was lucky Sherlock would make some kind of audible sound as a response.
Suddenly the televisions in the pub flashed with the local news channel logo and a bright red banner scanned across the screen, Dernières nouvelles: Explosion dans les catacombs….
“I was so scared. I thought I may never see you again. That I would have broken my promise to you that I wouldn’t leave you again. I tried to be so careful, but things didn’t go according to plan and…and” Sherlock was quickly getting overwhelmed and John flipped him onto his back, letting himself hover over the taller man.
The judge took the small pause as an opportunity to speak up, “ the blood was from your rectum, correct?”  Sherlock nodded. “ tearing very often leads to infection if not treated, did you seek medical care?”
“I’m afraid I don’t know what you are talking about, Sherlock, really.” Mycroft replied calmly, taking a step back from his brother.
John grinned at how beautiful,raspy and deep Sherlock's morning voice was, " not long, did I wake you?"
Unknowing to one another, John and Mycroft realized that the story they had originally been told about that first incident was a lie. Victor hadn’t been under the influence of alcohol at all, he knew what he was doing. Mycroft scolded himself for having the story wrong all these years.
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
The line went dead and John ran out to get a cab. He paid extra to get there quicker. When he arrived at 221b he threw money at the cab and ran up the steps.
“Afternoon Sherlock, how are you?” Greg asked as Sherlock sat down in his usual chair in the office.
Victor did an answer, just grinned like the devil himself and sat back down. The judge looked utterly shellshocked and hastily called the session for the day, announcing the case will wrap up tomorrow and a decision will be made.
"Sure" John smiled, and they headed toward a little cafe. John had an omelet and Sherlock had coffee, John let it go as long as he promised to eat a little bit of lunch or dinner.
The detective had set down in his chair and steepled his fingers beneath his chin. “ I think we are going to have to take him with us.” Sherlock spoke up, earning very confused looks from John and Greg both.
QUESTION: which chapters are you favorite? storyline or smut/fluff/character development? Comment below with your answers and anything else you would like to see in this story!
He looked in his room and then Sherlocks room. He heard the shower switch on. He knocked on the door " Sherlock, you alright?"
I'm also thinking of doing one shots...would you all like that? Please let me know! Hope you have a wonderful day!
I BEGAN THIS STORY 5 YEARS AGO (2015) and have recently picked it back up(2020). I would like to think my writing has grown significantly since then and would really like to encourage you to continue reading this story even if it seems subpar until chapter 16. Also, if you wish for me to go back and correct/ add more detail to previous chapters I am open to doing that. Thank you! Lots of love <3
“Sherlock, I can’t make you any promises that your name won’t ,at some point, be mentioned in the context of this case. But if there is some underlying reason you don’t want this case other than you’re not interested I need to know.”
Sherlock registered that he pulled away from John, something he hadn’t done in quite some time. As soon as he realized what he had done he brought himself close to John, grabbing the shorter man’s strong hands and placing them on his waist and leaning to kiss him. The weird tension seemed to be forgotten and both men were silently grateful for it. “John. I need to call Lestrade.” Johns eyebrows furrowed slightly, “well, yes I assume you- “Sherlock cut him off, “no, I need to call him and ask him to come here so we can talk, alone.” He emphasized the last word and John felt a twinge of disappointment that he wouldn’t be included in whatever conversion was about to unfold between Sherlock and Greg. “oh. Alright. Well, I guess I’ll just head out…again.” John said mildly annoyed. “what, why?” Sherlock asked, blatantly confused. “You said you wanted to talk with Lestrade alone.” John replied reaching to take his coat off the rack. Sherlock moved to stand in front of him, “I meant without Victor. Not you.” He held the side of John’s face and kissed him passionately, as he put John’s coat back in its place. John slowly walked Sherlock back towards the couch and sat him down before straddling his lap and kissing him harder. Sherlock returned the kiss with just as much passion and enthusiasm as he was met with, when John started trailing kisses down his neck thoughts of Victor just hours before filled his mind but were quickly dismissed. Sherlock let out a wanton moan when John nipped at the nape of his neck, “Call Lestrade.” he whispered, moving his head to once again look Sherlock in the eyes. “but” Sherlock began, and John cut him off with a kiss, “we can finish this later.” John removed himself from Sherlock’s lap and handed him his phone.
Sherlock sulked the rest of the evening and John continued to tiptoe around him in both actions and words. When they climbed into bed for the evening John opted for a small peck on his lovers’ lips rather than their normally lengthy make outs that often turned into love making and cuddling. Sherlock, of course, took notice that after John briefly kissed him, the doctor had turned his back to him and drifted off to sleep. To Sherlock it started to feel like the beginning of the end.
John moved back to drying him but decided against running the towel over his penis and proceeded to dress him. He saw all the marks on Sherlocks legs and inner thighs.
“often times Victor would have penetrative intercourse with people other than me, but he took fascination with inflicting pain on me, the worlds worst sadist.”
" he's had a bit of a panic attack but he's alright. I've just been looking after him." She said placing a hand on the good doctors back and leading him into the living room. Sherlock was still laying on the couch, he was awake but groggy from his nap. John crouched down beside him, " hey, are you alright?" He asked, reaching to cup Sherlock’s face before stopping himself. Sherlock took note of the action and inwardly scowled. " I'm fine, why are you home?" He questioned.
It was their 1 month anniversary, they had agreed on no gifts but Sherlock still wanted to do something special because he knew it would please John.
“yes, well- no- kind of. I don’t want him to know John and I are there but if his new found love interest invites him to Paris on a little getaway and keeps him out of my way, things will be significantly easier for us. Take him around the city, out to dinner all those terribly mundane things you goldfish seem to enjoy, whatever you have to do to keep him distracted and out of my way for a day or so.” Sherlock spoke very matter of fact but was secretly concerned it wouldn’t be that simple. Greg rubbed his hand over his face and nodded in agreement, “yeah, alright. I’ll tell him tomorrow.”  John and Sherlock both stood and walked Greg down the stairs, “John and I will get on a plane to Paris tomorrow morning, give me at least 24 hours in the city to sort out a few things before you all fly in.” Lestrade nodded once more and they said their goodnights.
“please.” Was all Sherlock said. It wasn’t something the inspector had ever heard him say with genuine emotion behind it, it shocked him but also caused a pit in his stomach to open up. Greg moved to close his office door and propped himself up against the desk directly in front of Sherlock.
John laid his head back in Sherlocks lap and nuzzled into Sherlock dressing gown. The man above him gave him an odd look but quickly returned to his book.
John and Lestrade made small talk about a recent football match until Sherlock entered the room. He was still in his partially open dressing gown and it was evident he had no shame. Of course he had no shame, this was the same man who wore only a sheet to Buckingham palace. John, however, was suffering some mild secondhand embarrassment for him.
"Why does he need to sign papers? They never do that for a release when you already have someone to care for you?"
After a while of her being there and simply talking to him john noticed Sherlock was becoming tired and quite annoyed. He loved ms.Hudson dearly but this moment wasn't the best to hear stories about her and the late mr.hudson.
The judge remained unmoved, but several members of the jury were visibly emotional by Victor’s’ statement. Sherlock rolled his eyes and stared in the direction of his abuser and then at Emily who was struggling to keep her composure. In a moment of compassion, he reached across her parents and took her hand, giving it a reassuring squeeze. She managed a small smile before releasing his hand. John looked fondly at his boyfriend, fighting the urge to lean up and kiss him.
I decided to post another chapter. I appreciate every single one of you who reads my story. I can not believe it has over 1,000 hits, I would have never expected that. Thank you all so much.
“not really, I know I’m in France but I was blindfolded after we left the airport. I’d say some kind of cave system.” Emily replied, beginning to follow Sherlock as he walked towards where the noise of the explosion came from.
“ the continuation of the Holmes vs Trevor case is called order. Mr. Sherlock Holmes please take the stand.”
“give me the rest of the day to think about it.” Sherlock said quietly and John turned his head quickly to look at him.
When they arrived at the tarmac Mycroft was waiting for them. The sun was barely beginning to show itself on the horizon. As they boarded Mycroft’s private plane the older Holmes brother held John back and reminded him of the promise he had made to look after his brother, as if it didn’t weigh heavily enough on the good doctor.
“there was a buttplug that was tiered in squares of decreasing size- I’ve drawn an image as a reference-” he handed the paper to the same officer who gave it to the judge, her brows raising as she studied the image. “ they corners were sharp and painful, they were meant to be.” The image was soon placed under the projector for the rest of the court to see along with the other pictures that had been viewed so far. “ the two wired that come from the base were connected to a remote. The plug was able to conduct powerful electric shocks and-”
John pushed inside of his body without warning, a groan of pleasure falling from Sherlock’s lips as his hands flew up to grip John’s forearms out of surprise. “mine.” The older man huffed in extasy as he increased his speed, Sherlock velvety walls tightening around his body, slowly bringing him closer to the precipice. John observed the way Sherlock’s hands would tremble as his cock would expertly graze that sensitive bundle of nerves and when he saw Sherlock’s orgasm approaching, with all of his will power he pulled out. Sherlock’s previously hooded eyes shot wide open, “ fuck…what the fuck are you doing, John? Trying to kill me?”
“don’t thank me yet. My guide and I got attacked and we got separated, I’ve got no idea how to get us out of here. “he said very matter of factly, and he heard Emily actually huff out a breathy laugh.
“oh my god” Mrs. Holmes choked out and made a swift exit out of the courtroom. John wanted to go check on her, but felt he was needed more here with Sherlock. he looked over to the members of NSY who all shared the same expressions of shock on their face. The man they had known for all these years, who they had picked on time after time and who had seemed unphased by it was someone they really didn’t know at all. John was sure guilt was weighing heavy on the likes of Anderson and Donovan. Greg was looking paler by the minute.
John nodded and walked out of the room. Mycroft watched the security cameras for the soldier to approach Victor’s door and with the press of a button, he let him inside. Mycroft saw the look of dead panned shock on the prisoner’s face before turning his head away from the screens.
They all moved from their respective spots. Sherlock had called a cab to get a head start towards Emily’s apartment and he was waiting upstairs for it to arrive. Greg was going to drive John to NSY and leave his car there so that nothing looked suspicious when Victor arrived, he was then going to leave to meet Sherlock at the apartment complex. “Ready to go?” Greg called to John.  “Yeah, one minute. Gonna grab a different coat.” John called back at he walked towards Sherlock’s bedroom and motioned for Sherlock to follow him. Once they were inside John placed a hand on Sherlock’s arm and it twitched beneath him, his mouth flattened into a line, but he didn’t ask. “be safe okay?” he asked, but it came across as more of a command. Sherlock nodded and his curls bounced softly, “you too.” He returned. They shared a short kiss before Sherlock’s phone dinged, telling him that his cab had arrived, and he left.
Emily smiled to herself and her voice rang with a playful tone, “so…who’s John?” she wanted so badly to teasingly poke the detective, but leaned on the side of caution not to. Their previous relationship had been filled with banter and sarcasm, but they had both changed. While Emily was still playful, she was unsure if Sherlock still possessed those qualities.
John awoke earlier than usual the next morning, grateful that he didn’t have to leave for work soon. He was in Sherlocks bed and his lover was still wrapped in his arms with his back pressed against him. John let out a very quiet and content sigh and inhaled deeply Sherlocks comforting scent, his nose scrunched when he realized the scent was now slightly tainted with the faint smell of cigarettes. John pressed himself tighter to Sherlock and tried to think of ways to be supportive but not suffocating over the next however many days or weeks this case persists. As a doctor, John had given advice to others who were dealing with loved ones with a complicated emotional life…but it all feels so different when its somebody you love.
John got up after a few minutes of basking in the afterglow and grabbed a flannel from the laundry basket in the corner, first cleaning himself and then leaning over to clean Sherlock who was seemingly still trying to process what had happened. John wiped Sherlocks stomach and kissed him gently, throwing the towel back into the laundry basket. John lay back down and was the first to break the silence, “you were incredible, baby.” John kissed the shoulder closest to him, “I’m so lucky” he kissed him again “are you okay, my love?” John asked, turning onto his side and laying an arm across Sherlocks body. Sherlock audible swallowed, “yeah, I’m good. Really good.” Sherlock paused and John chuckled, hugging Sherlock closer to him. “does it always feel like that?” Sherlock asked and John looked up at him, “what? An orgasm? Yeah, it's pretty incredible every time.” He replied and Sherlock nodded his head slightly. They lay there comfortably in one another arms until Sherlock broke the silence, “ I get it now.” He stated and John quirked an eyebrow at him. “I get why people have sex. Why they obsess over it. Why they pay for it, lie for it, cheat for it. It’s like its own brand of heroine.” The comment took John by surprise, but he hummed in response, “yeah, that’s one way to think about it…so you enjoyed yourself then?” John asked and Sherlock half laughed “Yes, John, I thought that was fairly obvious.” John playfully swatted at him before bringing the blankets back up to cover their naked bodies as they fell back asleep in one another’s embrace.
When Sherlock finished getting ready John had already drug their luggage to the front room and was finding breakfast to eat in the cab. “Do you want a granola bar or a breakfast sandwich?” John asked, not looking at Sherlock.
John was angered that there was nothing to do but wait. John Watson was always a man who took action, made the first move, he had been a leader on his high school rugby team, then in the army, in med school, and throughout his entire professional career. But now he had to sit back and hope that Sherlock would return soon.
“well, no. anyway, I was going to bring your tea earlier but I heard you talking to someone and figured I shou-“she continued on until Sherlock interjected, “ you heard me talking with someone? You did know someone was up here?”
Mycroft’s helicopter was landed in the field and ready for takeoff. John and the eldest Holmes climbed aboard and began the hour flight to Sherrinford, a maximum security island that Mycroft arranged for Victor to be sent to serve his sentence at. They landed on the beach and through several security measures before John looked at the security camera that was monitoring Victor’s cell. His lip snarled as an involuntary reaction to the sight of the abuser. He looked at Mycroft, “You know what to say if you need assistance?”
“you were amazing, baby. You always are. I love you.” The doctor praised his lover as he admired the near sleeping figure next to him.
Thank you so much for reading! Please comment and let me know how you like the story so far and any suggestions you have!!
John looked up at the younger man in confusion, but his eyes quickly turned to concern when he saw the Sherlock was practically shaking. John quickly backed away and moved up to lay beside Sherlock, wrapping his arms around him. “hey, its okay. You’re alright. What’s wrong?” John said placing a small kiss on his slender shoulder. “I’m sorry. I-I asked you to stop but…” John looked up at him hurt “I am so sorry, my love. So sorry. I didn’t hear you say anything or else I would have stopped immediately.” Sherlock stopped quivering “you know that right? You know I would have stopped.” John said, concern deeply obvious in his voice. Sherlock nodded his head “I know. It’s okay, really I’m fine, it just scared me for a minute.” Sherlock reassured John kissing his head. John sighed, “ I just wanted to return the feeling you gave me.” Reciprocal love was still a fairly new and foreign concept to Sherlock, but he was quickly learning that in a normal relationship, at least a relationship with John, it wasn’t one sided. Both partners gave and both received, something Sherlock never knew with victor. “I know, and I want it, I do, but…I’m just not ready I guess.” Sherlock said embarrassed. John reassured him that everything was fine, and he pulled the blankets over their now dry bodies as they cuddled for a while.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have asked twice.” Emily apologized and walked towards Sherlock, taking his hands in her own. John quirked an eyebrow and a deeply confused expression washed over his face, he had never seen someone interact with Sherlock the way she did. He expected Sherlock to quickly pull his hands from her grasp with an annoyed expression, but he didn’t; he held hers in return.
“can I see your bedroom?” Victor cut him off and Sherlock’s face did little to hide the fact that he was thrown off by the question.
Hours passed and not once did John leave the small waiting room. Mycroft had left an hour after being there so he was alone. Leastrade came in and sat down next to him.
John had followed the news reports to the location on ground level where the explosion had broken through the pavement. The streets were closed off, ambulances were helping patrons that had been in the pub nearby. He stood watching as a scene from a movie seemed to unfold in front of him. He had offered to help but was informed it wasn’t needed.
They went to Angelo’s and took up residency in their normal booth. This time when Angelo danced around them and brought them a candle John didn’t put up any argument. They held each other’s hand over the table and the rest of the restaurant faded into a blur as they were lost in their own conversation. They walked hand in hand back from Angelo’s, taking in the night life of London. All their troubles seemed to be forgotten for now. They stumbled into 221b laughing and carefree for the first time in a while.
John gave his lovers hand a final squeeze before releasing it entirely. The last to enter the court room was the judge. A middle-aged woman with short brown hair, thin lips, and eyes that seemed to pierce through your soul. She smacked her gavel on the podium bringing the court to order. All parties were sworn in and the day that once seemed so far away had begun.
“because you once nearly choked me with your umbrella for giving your brother a hickey.” John said with a grin that widened as Mycroft remembered the moment.
“He went back home.” Sherlock stated plainly, allowing John to keep his arm around him. “I’m almost finished here.”
Sherlock got the hint and removed his goggles and latex gloves and sat down close next to John. He was stiff and it was easily noticeable.
“God, look at you.” John said from the doorway, walking towards the taller man and wrapping his arms around his torso, “you’re bloody gorgeous.” John placed a kiss to Sherlock’s chest before looking up at him and pleading with his eyes for a real kiss. Sherlock bent down slightly and gave him a slow kiss. John ran one of his hands down Sherlock’s stomach and Sherlock’s muscles tightened beneath John’s fingers causing him to pause his movements, leaving his hand there to rest. They kissed a moment more and John let his other hand wander down the backside of Sherlock’s body. It was a bold move and John knew it, he’d never so much as attempted to touch Sherlock’s bottom but despite the events of today now felt like the time. John’s hand drifted slowly to give Sherlock an idea of where it was headed, giving him time to protest; but when he didn’t John’s strong hand rested on part of his ass and gave it a slight squeeze.  Sherlock pulled away from the kiss and looked at John searching for answers in his face. John smiled, “you’ve got the most perfect arse. I have to confess I’ve stared at it at crime scenes as you’ve bent over, when we go up the stairs. Sherlock I am in love with everything about you.” John spoke, sincerity showing through his voice. Sherlock sighed in what felt like relief. Moments ago, he stood in this same spot picking himself apart, only to have to his lover take those thoughts away, even for a just a moment. “and I you, John.”
The judges eye flitted back and fourth between Victor and Lestrade, “ what man? I wasn’t given any reports regarding this.”
Hearing Sherlock say that nearly drove him over the edge but he managed to hold off. Sherlock grasped John's prick firmly and slowly brought the head to his mouth. John moaned loudly at the feeling of a wet, hot mouth around him.
John nodded and pulled his detective into a languid kiss. He was sure they looked like a high school couple, desperate to make out in-between classes, but he didn’t care. When Victor exited the bathroom Sherlock tried to pull back, but John held him tighter. He hoped Victor would drown in the sight of the man he had done wrong so at ease in Johns hold.
Sherlock sighed, “ maybe so. John…” he took another step closer and leaned slightly towards the shorter man “ I would have had to testify either way. If Victor went first, I would have told the same stories, shown the same pictures, nothing would have changed. There is no use creating a victim complex out of it.”
Lestrade was the next to give a statement. It was, for the most part, very surface level- only providing the details about the case, not delving into personal relations. It was painfully obvious how badly Lestrade wanted to break all professionalism and start drilling Sherlock and John as to why he wasn’t told about Victor being Sherlock’s ex-lover. For god’s sake Sherlock encouraged him to flirt with the man. Sherlock probably- no definitely- knew they had hooked up. Whenever a verdict finally came, and he would be allowed to talk to the boys of baker street…they were in for a long discussion.
“just running an errand with Mycroft. I’ll be back before dinner.” He kissed his fiancé and left the room, leaving no time for Sherlock to bombard him with questions.
“how can you still do that?” Sherlock choked out, pulled away from John’s embrace to look at the shorter man, “ how can you still speak to me with affection when I’m not deserving of it. you’re finding out how messed up I am and you-”
John sighed once again, “ I support you, if this is what you want to do. But, Sherlock, this isn’t going to be easy for me as your friend…or lover. Knowing how you feel about testifying, watching you go through that, knowing how hard it’s going to be for you is going to make it even harder for me.”
"Sherlock that feels so good" he gently placed his fingers in sherlocks hair, making an effort to show him he wasn't going to push his head down. John was getting so close when Sherlock tried to take him even further into his mouth. John felt his cock hit the back of sherlocks throat and Sherlock gagged and quickly pulled off coughing.
John returned home from his busy day at the clinic and was greeted by the smell of tobacco as he entered the door. He furrowed his eyebrows together in genuine confusion as Sherlock hadn’t smoked in months. He made his way up the stairs and his eyes immediately fell on his lover, rested on the couch with his eyes closed and taking drags from a cigarette as if his life depended on it. “Sherlock…” John said with a neutral tone of voice, conscious of not trying to come off as angry or frustrated. The detective opened his eyes and glanced at john but made no comment. “Sherlock, what are you doing?” john walked over towards the couch and saw the butts of five or so other cigarettes laying in an ashtray “ my god, have you smoked all day?” his tone began to rise. “no, just the past hour or so…” Sherlock said factually. “an hour. You’re on your 6th cigarette in an hour?” john was baffled, the man who had been over half a year without smoking and barely using the patches had inhaled the smoke of six of the cancer sticks in an hour. To put it bluntly john was enraged. He bent over and took the cigarette out of his lovers’ mouth. Sherlocks eyes shot open “give it back John.” “no, you’ve had enough. What is the problem?!” john was now struggling to control his tone. “ none of your concern, give me back the cigarette” Sherlock demanded. “ it absolutely is my concern! On many different levels, as your friend, your boyfriend and a doctor, you are not getting it back!” john crushed the lit end of the butt into the ash tray smothering the flame. Sherlock let out a frustrated groan and went into his room, slamming the door behind him. John took a deep breath and made himself and Sherlock a cup of tea before walking to the detectives room and knocking at the door.
Sherlock nodded and smiled softly, “mhmm, I swabbed all of Emily’s shoes and have been testing them for the same sediment found on Victor’s and the sidewalk- none of them are a match. He’s taken her somewhere only he had been before the kidnapping. There’s also an abnormally large amount of calcium mixed into these samples.”
John made Sherlock tea as he said goodbye to his parents, promising to see them Christmas eve. Once they were gone he leaned against the door, eyes closed and relished the comfortable silence of his once lonely flat that John had turned into their home. There was no more trial, no more explanations to be given, cases to be judged, or details that needed to be unveiled. The only sounds he wanted to hear for the foreseeable future were the organic ones of the life he and John had built. Soft rumbles of cars outside, the dull hum of Ms. Hudson’s vacuuming below them, the inexplicably comforting sounds of John’s presence. The boiling of kettle when he made tea, the soft shuffle of when he shifted in his chair, tiny pecks from the keys of his laptop…all sounds that reminded Sherlock he was only as alone as he wanted to be. He was drawn from his thoughts when John crossed in the sitting area and saw him, “everything alright?” the doctor asked with neutral expression, setting the hot beverage on the coffee table. Sherlock nodded letting John take him in his arms, the weight of the doctors hand rubbing gently down his back.
Despite not sleeping, Sherlock wasn’t the least bit tired and was in fairly good spirits given all things considered. He spent the first few hours of the morning studying his latest samples in his bacteria garden and documenting the data into a spreadsheet to later publish on his website. He sipped on the tea Mrs. Hudson had brought up and even voluntarily ate a few of the biscuits she had sent up as well. As noon approached Sherlock anticipated a text from John as his break time was near.
"Don't use me to get him to do things." John took sherlocks hand as they walked out the automatic  doors and to a car.
“I’d really like you to tell me, I think we’ve got a long walk ahead. I’ve pieced together segments of what probably happened but I’d like to hear it from you.” Sherlock spoke, glancing over to the shorter girl every now and then. “truthfully, the first thing I want to know is why. Why did he do this to you?”
Sherlock nodded and closed his eyes, trying to get a few minutes of sleep in during their short flight. He knew he wouldn’t be sleeping much in the upcoming days. Just as he started to drift off John broke the silence again.
"Me.everythig about me. God John, I'm so sorry for all the shit I put you through. Not just the past month either I mean for everything, the 2 years I left you, the day I met you, god damnit I'm so fucking sorry." Sherlock was actually sobbing.
Sherlock tenses, knowing Lestrade is right. John pipes up, “why can’t you just detain him for a few days, until we find Emily and get her to confess.” Sherlock shot John an icy glare, “no. He’s liable to start saying anything if we lock him up and I’m too close to cracking this case for him to screw it up.” John nodded his head in understanding of what Sherlock meant. He knew if Victor felt threatened he would sing like a lark to anyone who would listen about his and Sherlock’s past. John’s moral code gave him an internal confliction. He knew the correct thing to do by law was to lock Victor up so that he was unable to interfere any further with the case, but he also knew what was right by his boyfriend and to help spare his heart being in emotional turmoil- he sided in favor of Sherlock.
The morning seemed to arrive far too quickly for either of the men’s liking. When Sherlock’s alarm blared through their once silent bedroom, they groaned in a tired frustration that they needed to be at the tarmac before the sun came up. There was a strange ambience in the room, both men hyperaware of the secrets they were now keeping from one another. Normally when they woke up, they laid in each other’s arms, shared lazy kisses, and the occasional teasing touches until one or both of them came at the other hands. But this morning they only exchanged closed mouth smiles before they began getting ready for the day. Sherlock, who had become accustomed to dressing and undressing in front of John, went into the bathroom to get dressed to avoid John catching sight of the angry red lines that now marked his outer thigh.
Sherlock sighed and removed himself from John’s lap without a word. He took his violin from its case and began to play a sad melody, one that John hadn’t heard him play before. The doctor couldn’t help but worry that his lover’s choice may set back all the progress he had made. Selfishly he wished Sherlock would have said no and they could begin trying to forget victor ever existed. He watched in sad admiration as Sherlock swayed ever so slightly with the strokes of his bow on the instrument.
Emily wrapped her arms around him in a hug that Sherlock didn’t return, but he didn’t pull away either. Emily pulled away and scribbled something down on a torn open envelope from last week’s mail, “text me tonight to let me know please.”
They finished their meal, sherlock eating all but a few bites. This made John smile and reach under the table to squeeze his knee.
Inside the hospital Sherlock spoke with the local police and advised them and the hospital staff to have security present at Emily’s room for the next few days. John insisted on him getting an exam as well. Luckily, he was fine, and they told him he could be on his way after they gave him some IV fluids and some strong ibuprofen.
They were both getting closer and closer to their climax when Sherlock decided to lean back, displaying his naked ivory chest that contrasted with the deep black of his still worn blazer. John was sure he had seen the face of god. “I wont last much longer.” He panted.
They walked out side and stood for a moment before either of them spoke.  It was John who broke the silence, " thank you for tonight"
Just as Sherlock was about to dial Lestrade a thought crossed his mind, “John?” he asked, and John directed his attention towards him. “you trust me, right?” John’s lips quirked into a smile “of course I do.” He answered, wondering where this conversation was headed. “I’m worried that what I’m about to tell you and Lestrade will seem far-fetched and that word of it may get back to the wrong person. I really need you to support whatever I say and to help me reason with Lestrade…since people aren’t really my area.” John nodded, “you have my full support, promise.”
John hummed in agreement and in one unexpected fluid motion he took Sherlock’s cock into his fist and began stroking it. The detective gasped, “mmm… John”
Bradshaw cocked his head, clearly surprised. He reached for a form on his desk and picked up a pen, bringing it to his lips nervously. “alright… Would you rather speak with Lestrade about this matter, he should be back soon.”
After Lestrade’s statements the judge closed the session for the day, deeming it suitable to continue at noon the following day. Her words burned in Sherlock’s ears, “tomorrows time will be dedicated to the allegations made by Mr. Sherlock Holmes against Mr. Victor Trevor.” That meant all of tomorrow, however long the court would go on would be solely dedicated to intimate discussions of his past. The very thought made his stomach do flips and his hand tighten in John’s. Sherlock’s side of the court was dismissed first and he said his goodbyes to those who had attended as John thanked them for their support. Sherlock supposed he appreciated their being there but couldn’t help but think he wished they wouldn’t come, at least not tomorrow. He and John sat down on a bench near the doors of the court, hand in hand. Waiting for the call that their cab had arrived. Ms. Hudson who was sharing the ride back, was caught up in conversation with one of the other attendees.
"I thought I had seen you somewhere" she smiled and held out her hand " I'm Amy" John shook her hand and nodded.
Hi friends! I am so relieved finals are finally over!I hope those of you that had exams did well :) THERE IS ONLY ONE MORE CHAPTER OF THIS STORY LEFT!! also i'm going to be completely honest, i hate this chapter and feel super insecure about posting it, but i really hope you all don't think its as bad as i do. Thank you so much for reading, can't wait to see you back for the final chapter!
"Suppose so, I just didn't expect it from you" John felt Sherlock tense "doesn't mean I don't like it though" the lanky man pressed against him relaxed.
Whispers began once more in the courtroom, but one voice stood out amongst the chatter. Lestrade called out, “wait, what!” catching John’s’ attention. The former army doctor looked in the direction of his friend in sympathy, he didn’t know half of what was coming. The courtroom was quieted once more.
Eventually the apologies lost their sincerity before ceasing to exist at all. The physical abuse had gone on so long and increased with severity that eventually Victor came to realize he could lash out in whatever way he desired with no fear of Sherlock leaving him. bruises were soon an accessory for Sherlock. to this day he can’t explain why he protected Victor, why he let it continue for so long, or why he let it happen at all. Perhaps Victor was filling a void in his life, sating a fix that he didn’t know where to get anywhere else- that was until he discovered cocaine and heroine.
John looked up at him inquisitively, “Sherlock, I know today has been challenging and you have done incredibly well, but…” John stopped himself. He knew today had been unimaginably difficult on Sherlock, maybe now wasn’t the time to push him to eat.
Sherlock pondered how to answer the question, picking his words carefully, “not during the time I was with him.”
"I'm sorry, I really didn't mean to upset you. I know you can care for yourself but Sherlock," John hesitated, " I lost you once and if there is anything I can do about it I won't lose you again. I was miserable without you."
“obviously I never told anyone it happened. It continued to happen, never once in our five year relationship do I remember to consenting to sex with Victor Trevor- and believe me when I say it would be something I would remember.” His words held venom.
" um alright. Well we established that you are comfortable enough to have some of your clothes off while we are kissing so that's already a big step. I suppose we could work on getting more clothes off and you still being okay. I could touch you or you could touch me through our clothes. Um -"
“I did, I wanted not to be involved. When I got there Lestrade told me I had to be because I knew too much already. John I have two options and only two options. I either take this case and work with Lestrade to solve it, or I will no longer be allowed to be in contact with or contacted by any law enforcement for work, I won’t be allowed to take any cases even as a private or consulting detective and they can and will press a heaping amount of legal charges on me for being involved and then deciding to no longer work on the case. I cannot lose my life’s work john, I won’t be able to live if I have no crimes to solve.” Sherlock took a deep breath in and looked into johns’ eyes that were littered with traces of anxiety and fear. “I told Lestrade id take the case…”
Sherlock laughed sarcastically, " no you don't! You just want to feel more special than everyone else, you want to think I care about you, but guess what John I don't! You mean nothing to me! Your nothing but a run-down soldier with an addiction to adrenaline and using me for your fix!"
Sherlock stepped outside of 221b where Lestrade was smoking and staring up at the night sky. “Lestrade” Sherlock called out, startling the DI a bit. Greg turned to Sherlock momentarily before resuming his gaze at the myriad of the stars and clouds over London as Sherlock joined him, trying to prepare what he wanted to say. The two stood in silence for a few moments before Lestrade extended his hand in Sherlock’s direction, between his fingers a cigarette. The detective gratefully accepted. He reached again for Greg’s lighter and lit the end of the stick.
Something about the days of the trial had shifted the ex army doctors perception of the detective. He feared after hearing the details of his life before him, he would coddle Sherlock more, treat him even more cautiously than before- but it had the opposite effect. These past days made Sherlock seem far stronger than John had originally thought of him as. It was like an avalanche of awareness when it started to become transparent why Sherlock never wanted to be looked at like he was broken. John thought of himself genuinely unable to take credit for Sherlock’s successes. The man had mended himself, healed his own brokenness in many ways before John had come into the picture. It felt like a privilege to watch Sherlock shapeshift into the near ethereal being that was laying below him.
Lestrade turned to leave the room when Victor called his name. “ I did care about you. None of that was fake. The other night…meant something very real to me. Id like to think you weren’t just acting.” Pain was evident in his voice.
"No, John he didn't, even before he became abusive we never 'cuddled' never held hands, never just sat and watched Telly, never complimented one another. It was nothing like you and I, which is good I suppose. Great even."
He fixed chicken piccata and had it ready just before John arrived. When he heard their door open he quickly went down the steps to greet John. He kissed him and said happy anniversary against his lips. The shorter man smiled and said the same.
Sherlock took several moments to think, the truth was he didn’t know what he wanted, and John could see the struggle behind his eyes. John placed his hand behind Sherlocks neck and brought him closer for a loving kiss. “do you trust me?” John asked, looking into Sherlocks striking blue eyes. Sherlock nodded his head and John smiled as he gently switched their positions so that Sherlock was laying on his back and John was on top of him. “Are you okay like this? I can move off of you whenever you want, just let me know okay?” John said running his fingers through the pale man’s hair. John began kissing down Sherlocks neck, it was rare the detective let him do this. He tugged lightly at the porcelain skin with his teeth before he licked and gently sucked over the spots he had bitten. Sherlock let out a sensual groan and John smiled against his neck. He continued to kiss down the detective’s long torso until he reached the elastic of Sherlocks grey sweatpants. He ran his fingers along the waist band and felt Sherlocks muscles contract, John looked up at him seeking approval, “I’m alright. Please…don’t stop” Sherlock reassured him. Hearing Sherlock short of breath from arousal was enough to make John’s erection strain harder against his boxers and he soon found himself pressing his hips to Sherlocks leg for relief.
"Bloody hell sherlock" John raised his voice a bit "you certainly did not deserve it. Why was it a danger night and why did mycroft know about it?"
John nodded, “yeah, when we talked with Billy, they agreed they wouldn’t stay gone more than 16 hours, that if they hadn’t found her by then they would come back and try again the next day. He’s been gone almost a full day. The hotel cameras saw him leave at around 2:30 yesterday morning.”
John lay Sherlock on the bed and crawled overtop of him, kissing biting and sucking down his neck making sure to leave a few more marks that Sherlock could be proud of. As he kissed down Sherlock’s body, he replayed Sherlock admitting that he wanted people to know he was John’s. The thought turned John on immensely and he palmed at his cock for relief.
The Therapist sighed and was growing irritated with sherlocks short and literal answers," what happened that night. the whole story. Actually never mind, I already know what happened, how old were you when you became self destructive."
Sherlock felt a wet spot forming on his shirt as Emily began to cry once more, “I am so sorry for what my brother did to you, I..I..I”
Lestrade made his way to the hospital and entered Sherlock’s private room. “posh git.” He thought to himself. When he pulled back the curtain Sherlock was fast asleep, his head resting on John’s shoulder who was in the small bed next to him. The good doctor looked up at Lestrade and gave him a closed mouth smile. “clever bastard.” Greg chuckled and John quietly laughed in response as he ran his hands through the detective’s dirty, dark curls. “yeah, he is.” John agreed. Lestrade explained what had happened with Victor, the pain in his voice was prominent but John couldn’t help but smile.
"Natural body reaction John, it's fine. No need to be embarrassed, and if your worried about it making me uncomfortable, it doesn't. Human anatomy doesn't bother me in the least bit."
“what are they doing here?” the baritone voice cut through the flat and John gave a frown of disapproval.
Well my loves... this is it. The final chapter of Starving to Please. I hope with all my heart that you like it and feel a sense of peace and closure with how it ends. PLEASE READ THE NEXT 'CHAPTER' FOR A SUPER SAPPY LETTER FROM ME TO YOU AND A FEW UPDATES FOR WHAT I HAVE PLANNED GOING FORWARD! Without further ado....
They began walking to Baker Street when John shivered and Sherlock quickly took off his coat and wrapped it over Johns shoulders.
“ I know it doesn’t have to do with work, and its personal, but I thought you might want to see this before it gets much later.” Sarah babbled as she typed something into her laptop. She clicked a link for the London news and Sherlock’s picture appeared on the screen. “did you know about this?” she asked, and John took the device from her hands as he read the title Famous Detective Files Sexual Assault and Abuse Case.”
Also, I know I reply to just about every comment- but I truly want to thank everyone who has commented such sweet things on this story. your words never fall on deaf ears and it genuinely makes me so happy and even more inspired to continue writing.
When he came out from his bed room John was already down and sitting on the couch but quickly stood.
“Lestrade called this morning, he didn’t say anything about photographs.” Sherlock shot back, walking casually to the other side of the room to his desk.
The shorter man turned to look at Sherlock but was met with a gentle hand at the side of his face and pulled into a kiss. When he realized what was happening he wrapped an arm around sherlock a small waist and kissed back. They continued like this for what felt like hours and seconds at the same time. It was the best kiss either of them had ever received.  When they finally pulled apart they just looked at each other.
The room was spacious yet cozy and inviting, it practically oozed with Parisian charm. The furnishings were simple and elegant. attached was a balcony complete with a small table and a view of the Eiffel tower. John smiled as he took in the scenery, running his hand over the pillowy soft duvet. He made his way to Sherlock who was concentrating on the screen of his mobile and covered the screen with his hand.
John let his arms fall from Sherlock and he went to sit in his chair, “let’s talk about this.” Sherlock came to sit on John’s lap, but the doctor shook his head, “not right now. This needs to be discussed.” It hurt to shut down contact from Sherlock, especially when he had spent so much time encouraging it; but there was a time and a place for everything and now wasn’t the time. Sherlock took his next best option which was half sitting on half leaning against the arm of John’s chair, “What do you want to know?” Sherlock asked sadly.
John bent down, kissing Sherlock’s neck, nipping at the soft skin. He took himself in hand until he reached his full arousal and reached for the lubricant on the nightstand, “ same position as last night?”
John sighed in relief, growing uncomfortable atop his lover he rolled onto his side, pulling Sherlock with him into a spooning position. The doctors softening cock was still nestled inside Sherlock’s body, much to the pleasure of the detective. They lay conjoined, both by body and heart until sleep overtook them.
Hello everyone! I want to apologize for the long unplanned break between chapters. I have had some things come up in my personal life that have put me in an emotional place where i haven't felt like writing.  I worked incredibly hard on this chapter and i really really hope you all like it. Thank you so much for reading and your sweet comments, they really do mean so much to me. Lots of love...
“ I gave us a bit of extra time this morning to get ready, just in case we needed it. So option number one, you can sleep in an extra twenty-five minutes, or you can join me in the shower…”
Sherlock put the kettle on and began organizing the papers he had spread out on his desk. John emerged from the upstairs just as the kettle whistled. He took it off the stove and prepared his and Sherlock’s tea, setting the taller man’s cuppa on the kitchen table. John stood and gently blew on the surface of the hot liquid as he took in the scenery of the morning. Traffic could be heard faintly starting to move outside, but the flat was mostly quiet. The doctor stood to Sherlock’s side and wrapped his arms around his lover who couldn’t be bothered to get dressed yet. The dark blue silk gown hung from Sherlock’s shoulders and exposed well over half of his pale chest. John ran one of his hands over the exposed skin, catching Sherlock’s attention. The detective leaned over to kiss John languidly. Their eyes closed as they absorbed the love shared between them. Sherlock took the cup of tea from John’s hands and set it on the desk, still not breaking their kiss. With his now free hands John pulled Sherlock’s body closer to his own and admired the soft fabric that covered his boyfriend’s long and smooth body.
Sherlock climbed the stairs and saw John was still waiting by the window. As he came into view John turned and smiled at him, “Everything okay?” he asked and Sherlock nodded bending down to kiss him, wrapping his arms around his waist and let his hands come to rest on his lower back. “want to tell me what you all talked about?” John asked, his curiosity getting the better of him. Sherlock mumbled a little laugh, “I just warned him not to get too attached to Victor.” John blinked up at his boyfriend, “Sherlock Holmes, you are a good man.” Sherlock sighed slightly annoyed by the emotion, “yours.” He hummed. And John nodded against his chest, “My good man.” The doctor perched onto his toes and kissed his lover passionately, “my brilliant, wonderful, sexy as hell, good man.” He said nipping at Sherlock’s neck causing the detective to laugh. The mood of the flat quickly began to shift into a seductive and sultry lull.
“I’m so sorry to drop by unannounced” Emily said, and John insisted it was alright and helped her remove her coat.
He climbed off of John and laid on his side, curled up close to him. John watched in amusement as Sherlock took his fingers into his mouth one at a time and cleaned their come off of them. “you don’t have to do that, you know? I can get a towel.” John said but made no effort to move. Sherlock’s cheeks flushed red once more, “I know, I just…like it.” Sherlock hesitated “does it bother you?” he asked shyly. John was quick to shake his head, “no, quite the opposite actually. I’ve not been with anyone whose genuinely liked that kind of thing, but watching you swallow my come in any way is extremely hot, baby.” Sherlock held John tighter against him and placed his head on his chest. John looked at the ropes and drops of seamen on his torso and hesitantly ran the tip on his finger through it. Sherlock watched with interest as John brought that finger to his mouth. Sherlock opened his mouth and took the digit in without a second thought, licking off the mixture of him and John. They repeated this a few more times until John’s skin was clean. “if I wasn’t so old and hadn’t come so hard, I could go again just from watching you do that.” John said, before they both broke into soft laughter.
So...Surprise! I really didn't intend to upload a chapter until next week but i have felt so inspired by your alls sweet comments and reading my story! plus writing for you all is much more fun than writing my final papers haha. Please leave any feedback you feel inclined to! Stay safe and healthy, lots of love <3
"Good night John, thank you for dinner and for not hating me." He bent down and kissed the top of Johns hair and moved to walk away when John caught his hand.
Emily was propped up in the small bed, her attention was directed to the tv mounted on the wall and she was eating small bites of what appeared to be pudding. She still had an IV attached but she had been cleaned up and appeared much less pale than last night. Emily smiled when she saw Sherlock’s tall figure enter the room, “hey, I was wondering if you were going to stop by.” She said pulling her knees close to her chest, making room for Sherlock to sit at the end of the bed.  Sherlock gave her a small smile and took a seat while John lingered near entryway of the room. “how are you feeling?” Sherlock asked placing a hand on her knee. “ better than I have in a while.” She joked “but really, I’m feeling fine. I’m still pretty tired but other than that I’m good. What about you?” Sherlock just nodded not answering her question.
OH MY GOSH!! I am genuinely in shock and overjoyed that this story has reached over 7000 hits. Thank you to everyone who has taken time to read even just one of these chapters and for supporting my writing. I hope you all enjoy this chapter! The next chapter will definitely be more content based than the last two chapters, but i don't want to rush this story and don't want to skip over important character development points.
They began undressing one another and as the layers came off their nerves melted away. Sherlock started to sink to his knees and take John out of his pants before he was stopped. “not tonight baby or else it will be over before we even start. Besides, tonight is about you.” John murmured before kissing Sherlock’s bare shoulder. The detective shook his head, “about us.” John smiled shyly and repeated “us.”
I first of all want to thank every single one of you who has read this story and taken the time to comment, I truly can’t tell you how happy it makes me to see you enjoying a story I put so much work into. That being said, I feel the need to be very honest with you all. it has been far longer than I would have liked since I have updated a chapter and I am genuinely sorry and feel guilty about it. I want to give you all this update because you truly deserve to know what is going on and the future of this story. In the past few several weeks I have started back being a full time college student, taking 15 credit hours of science and math based classes can really wear you out haha and takes up a lot of time and energy, but aside from that- I have some other things going on. I'm about to get really personal here so if you don’t want to read it skip to the TLDR summary at the end lol.
“Sherlock. Listen to me. You need to calm down, before you work yourself into some kind of panic attack.” He kissed him, long and slow. Their lips gliding against one another’s like silk on smooth skin. Sherlock’s breathing slowly returned to normal and the tears stopped falling from his eyes. “ The only reason I didn’t take you is because. It felt like something I needed to do myself. You always do so much for me, even if you don’t realize it. You’ve helped me in ways I never thought possible over the course of our relationship, and I just… I needed to do this for me. To prove to myself I could beat victor at something.”
The judge hit her mallet to the table once more as the crowd began to whisper, “continue Ms. Trevor.”
John sat back on the bed and watched Sherlock in awe as he laid himself over his lap, his naked bottom facing towards John as his cock brushed against the middle of John’s thighs. This had become their favorite way to lay for John to finger his partner. Unlike times before, John was consciously trying not to touch Sherlock’s prostate too much, wanting to leave him wanting and sensitive for later. John spoke affirming words and compliments as he worked two fingers in and out of Sherlock. Sherlock shuttered every time John hit that little bundle of nerves in him, his cock leaking onto John beneath him.
John sighed and shut a cabinet a little too hard, “well, that’s not what I asked is it?” he shot back, taking Sherlock by surprise.
The judge smacked her gavel loudly, “ Mr. Holmes I do apologize but given the current situation I am calling a recess.”
" goodnight" one more kiss and Sherlock was off. John now with a raging hard erection walked as normally as he could to the bathroom before stripping off and showering.
“Emily Trevor’s case? I thought you told him you didn’t want anything to do with it?” john was very alert to everything Sherlock was going to say about this topic.
When he arrived at the flat he walked in to not see Sherlock anywhere. John only had one place left to check and that was Sherlocks room. When he opened the door he saw the detective in only his black pants. When Sherlock saw John he flung himself onto the bed and wrapped himself in a sheet. It was too late for John, and of course Sherlock knew it but he hoped John wouldn't bring it up. John saw every rib, hip bones that stuck out, very visible collar bone and Sherlock entire spinal cord.
"Fine. My stomach has been upset because of that so called hospital coffee. Can we just cave popcorn and maybe fruit?"
The flat, without either of them speaking, was melancholy and quiet. Not a sound from ms.Hudson downstairs, not even the humming of the heater that normally always buzzed.
"Okay, I'm sorry for being upset with you earlier. I shouldn't have been as harsh. Sherlock I'm not going to press you to tell me anything but I know something's wrong and I want to help you. Honestly anything you want at Tesco I will get it for you if you'll eat it. You don't have to eat a feast, even something like a can of soup would make me happy. I don't want to lose you again"
“take as much time as you require; however if you stray too far from the course I will have to interject, do you understand?”
John seethed, Mycroft’s stomach churned, Greg fought back another wave of nausea and the rest of the court didn’t look much better. Emily and her family, except Victor, all sat with quiet tears falling from their eyes. Everything got worse the more Sherlock divulged about his life, when would it stop? How much worse could it get?
The judge called over one of the attending officers and order the files to be faxed over immediately for examination. “ detective inspector, you may continue while we wait.”
John knew what Sherlock needed and it wasn’t to be suffocated with praise or physical affection. “I’ll be around, yeah?” Sherlock nodded in a silent and grateful understanding. John brought a hand up to cup the younger mans cheek and pulled him down into a delicate kiss before taking a seat in his chair and unfolding the morning paper. Neither of them said much the entire day, taking solace in the quiet- a refreshing break from the loudness of what their life had felt like for several months. Sherlock stayed to himself mostly, he played his violin in longer sessions than John had heard for months. Some of the pieces may have been ones John had heard before but today they seemed to not bare a weight they had before. The detective would randomly appear by his side, leaning for a kiss, which he was of course given- and then retreating back to whatever he was doing before. John called in Chinese and Sherlock ate without even a flicker of guilt or hesitation.
Sherlock moved his posture until he was in a position to have a decent amount of leverage, “ what should I do with my hands?” he asked shyly before John took his wrists and guided him to rest his palms on his chest. The vision of Sherlock above him and sat on his cock was what he imagined he would see at the gates of heaven. “god, you are what dreams are made of.” He mumbled and Sherlock began to slowly let his hips rise and fall.  John moaned loudly at the feeling of being encased by Sherlock. Sherlock continued to move slowly, as soft whimpers brushed past his lips. He was consumed with arousal as his own length beaded with precum, but he wanted more and could tell John did too.
He picked up his dying flashlight and put in his last fresh battery. When he could see again, he and Emily were both covered in the powdery fragments of the tunnels, black soot littered their skin. They were reminiscent of coal miners after a long day’s work. Sherlock gathered their bags, remembering to take the small one Emily had with her. “ we are going to walk in the direction of the blast.”
