Unfortunately, even after three days of intense studying Castiel feels like he’s learned very little. There are no guides, no way to know which books hold the most relevant information. Castiel was reading one book for over half an hour before he realized it was actually a fictional novel that had gotten mixed in with the other books.
Plus, housing Angel at a livery isn’t cheap.
“I’m clever like that.” Dean carefully tucks Castiel back into his jeans before getting to his feet. He holds his hand out. “Up, up.”
When he comes, when his hard won release finally overtakes him, Dean shakes and shudders, breaths heavy, voice high and fragile. When the tension leaves his body Dean all but melts into the pile of hay, immediately smiling lazily up at Castiel as he lets go of Dean’s flesh.
“You’ll see.”
Except, Castiel has to reckon with the possibility that they are, that the things on this map exist.
“Disagreement over a woman?”
It’s rough work following the Winchesters; Castiel has been riding all day and is carrying his pack, making it difficult to keep up with their long strides, particularly when he has to hide periodically when it looks like they might be turning in his direction.
him. Turned him into a werewolf. The thing is… some supernatural states have cures. In the right circumstances you can turn a vampire back into a man, ghost sickness clears up when the ghost is gone, so on… but there’s no cure for being a werewolf as far as I know. Three nights a month you become a beast of nothing but rage and destruction, and not even the kindest of men can fight that rage. He turned, he became a werewolf, and woke up naked and covered in blood, parts of some poor man strewn all about. He put his affairs in order, then he came and found me and Sam.”
Castiel mostly stays in the cellar, despite Dean’s assertions that he should get out. The people of Lawrence are clearly protective of Sam and Dean, Castiel learned that the day he first arrived, but he’s not sure how they’ll take to him. He’s not eager to find out yet.
“Bobby practically raised those boys, you know,” Naomi remarks. “Their mother died birthing the second son, the father was never around much til’ he was killed about fifteen years ago. Coyotes.”
“I think ‘being aware of surroundings’ should be your next lesson, then.”
Dean looks a little offended. “No, but I
With nothing else to pull on, Castiel uses the chair, bracing his weight against the back of it. The floor creaks and the area around the chair starts to lift, a square panel. Castiel pushes at the back of the chair until the chair is horizontal and the hatch is all the way open.
“Ripped two holes in reality and spent hours puking my guts out.”
And it is. Castiel has a good time. Now that they know Castiel isn’t actually a deputy investigating Sam and Dean, the people are very welcoming to him. Bobby plies Castiel with beer, a woman named Donna drags him to the dining room to make sure he gets a plate of food, and Ellen Harvelle, who Castiel remembers interviewing in Concordia, grills him to make sure he has all the appropriate hunter tools.
Lawrence is a different town at night. No people milling about, stores shuttered, everything but the dramshops closed up, dusty main road only somewhat visible under the light of the street’s gas lamps. The air is easier to breathe, the stars provide a less intrusive company than the sun, the air is cooler. Since Castiel doesn’t want to spare his coins on spirits, the saloons hold no interest for him, so there’s not really much to do other than walk peacefully and be alone with his thoughts.
Apologies! I know its been a while but a lot has happened, I came down with corona, my college semester started, then I had a massive writers block, but my spring break has officially started today and first thing I'm doing is posting this!
Oh before I forgot, Dean's upbringing was much better in this story (not fully amazing you will see) but he is much more emotionally stable. Although saying that, he is much more adorable through texts, and a bit more awkward dork 'in person'.
“No, Ellen.” Dean shook his head with a smile, “I wish though.”
“Glad you liked it, took a lot of begging for them to agree to release the song today.” Dean explained in-between kisses.
“Yeah, well I’ve had time to rest you damn ingrate.”
Dean looks startled, he almost smiles before he seems to remember that he’s angry. “You’ve been out for two days and
“In the boneyard? Ghost. Been haunting his wife for months. Usually the bodies we burn are nothing but bones, this one was still… intact.”
“Something like that.”
Sam is off “stretching his legs”, something he does often when they’re on the road. Dean and Castiel know why Sam makes himself scarce, just like Sam surely knows what they’re doing the second he’s out of earshot.
“Board? Church on the other end of town takes boarders,” Singer says. Castiel grimaces. “Or if the holy and mighty ain’t your crowd, I know the Widow Adler has an open room. She’s unfriendly to say the least, charges more than the others, and she’ll run you ragged with chores, but she’ll feed you and give you shelter, and as far as renters I know, she’s the only one with an opening.”
Castiel nearly pulls the trigger just so this man will stop spouting nonsense.
After several hours, Angel is in need of rest, and Castiel’s back is sore, his spirits low from trying to find two needles in a haystack. It takes another hour for Castiel to find a livery with a good rate, and the sun is getting low by the time Castiel gets Angel fed and secured. He leaves the livery in search of a cheap supper, and his heart nearly leaps out of his chest. Just down the main road, standing in front of a library and speaking with a sobbing woman dressed in mourning clothes… Sam and Dean Winchester. Castiel ducks behind a barrel of grain and watches.
Naomi’s a hard woman, but she makes a good caretaker, in Castiel’s opinion. She tells Castiel that he didn’t do a good enough job washing his clothes, which seems unkind until she tells him tomorrow he can use her washboard and some of her scented soap. She sternly tells Castiel not to eat so quickly, but she also gives him a second helping of stew unprompted. She reminds Castiel a bit of his aunt Hester back in Wichita; he never could figure out whether she cared for him or hated him.
He puts the gun away; it’s of no real use to him.
Sam makes a beeline for where Dean and Castiel are sitting, and after hugging Dean in greeting he immediately starts quizzing Castiel on what he’s learned, tutting over gaps in his knowledge and chiding Dean for things he failed to teach Castiel. He reminds Castiel a little of Jimmy back when they were still in school.
you. I’m grateful for all of it, and a bit sorry for the imposition.”
someone needs to teach you to fight before you go out again. And I saw your notebooks. You wrote down a lot of important shit, but there’s huge gaps in your knowledge.”
“I don’t need to go into town, I’m fine here.”
He wishes he had some of Naomi’s lemon scented soap to make his home smell fresher, but it does at least smell nicer than it did when he got home.
Dean grins. “Don’t forget portal spells and awesome healing powers.”
” Dean says, sprinkling some of that sand on Castiel’s face. Castiel could swear it glows. Dean stands, tossing more of the sand all over Castiel’s body.
A bright, blue light that grows quickly until it’s larger than a person. In the light, Castiel could swear he sees a forest, horses. Like someone tore a hole in the world and inside was a forest… that makes no sense. This must be what dying is like.
“I appreciate you… sharing your family with me. You’ve done so much for me, after I came all this way to
Castiel wants to ask the woman, Ellen, more about who she thinks will be along to deal with the issue, but maybe that’ll be suspicious. She has to mean the Winchesters, though, doesn’t she?
“Guess you’re not at that part of the journal yet.”
“And many people believe you and Sam to be criminals due to things you’ve done in the name of hunting.”
Cocky thoughts, Castiel knows. Hubris, that’s what Jimmy would say.
When Castiel wakes, he finds himself on his back, in one of the beds in the Winchester cellar. He stares at the ceiling a moment. How had he never noticed the massive sigil up there before? A devil’s trap, if memory serves.
teach him,” Dean says.
Cas, it’s for instruction.”
That theory is dashed to bits as Sam and Dean come bursting through that strange rift. The light vanishes, and Dean drops like a sack of potatoes, while Sam immediately grabs the discarded machete from the ground and slices the head off the vampire feeding from Castiel’s neck. The other two vampires freeze, staring at their fallen companion before leaping to their feet. Sam is fast, though, and he takes care of them before they can even attack. It happens in seconds, and even though he’s bleeding out on a dirty floor, Castiel can’t help but feel impressed.
“I feel safe with you.”
Naomi’s home is fairly immaculate, so there’s not much to be done inside by way of chores the next morning. The outside of the home is what’s in need of work. Crooked railings, overgrown yard, even some peeling paint. Naomi laments to him that her last few boarders could afford to pay their way, so her house hasn’t been tended to in a while. Lucky for her, Castiel is trying to save his money whenever he can. He spends the early hours of the morning wrestling with Naomi’s rusting cylinder mower until the overgrowth is tamed into submission, then rewashes all of his clothes but the ones he’s wearing with the lemon-scented soap Naomi donated to his cause. After that, Naomi ushers him inside for corn dodgers and ham and egg sandwiches. It fills Castiel with a bit of melancholy; Jimmy loved ham and egg sandwiches, he’d routinely eat them every meal for a week or until they ran out of ham.
Dean makes a noise of frustration. “What, so you couldn’t kill me and Sam so you wanna find something else to kill?”
“It’s fine, I’ll heal it later. Be good as new.”
Castiel takes thorough and diligent notes as he works through the various tomes in the room. There’s so much to learn, and he doesn’t know how long he has. He’d take the books with him, but he doesn’t want to do something that will impede the important work Sam and Dean do.
“He was tracking us for a long time. Came close a few times, even snatched Sam’s Colt. I don’t know if he’d figured out what we do, but he was close. It was my fault. I thought we’d lost him over in Wichita, I didn’t realize it was his hometown. He was following us and got attacked by the werewolf we were tracking.”
. Undiscovered.”
“You’ve been hanging out here this whole time, you won’t go into town. Enough with
“I did almost die last time I went alone,” Castiel says.
“Not since I was a boy,” Castiel says.
Deerfield.
“It’s not for
“Surely you can buy more bullets.”
Her home is large for this part of Kansas. Whomever Naomi’s late husband was, he must have been someone wealthy. The house has a range, a parlor, the privy in the back is made of brick, and upstairs Naomi has a large bedroom and a study. As for Castiel’s room, it’s a bit more rustic, though spacious. It’s not part of the main house, maybe for his privacy, maybe for Naomi’s protection. It’s not that much smaller than the house he has back home, though it’s only one room. A cotton-stuffed mattress on a bed with a metal frame, a table and desk by the single curtain-covered window, and a small tub. There’s no cookstove in here, though, so once his things are settled Naomi helps him fill the tub with a mix of cold and boiling water from the main house.
“Hunters have always been paranoid sons of bitches,” Dean stated, and Castiel was surprised at this demonstration of non-conformism coming from him. “You know, what I can’t understand is  why Heaven hasn’t moved against the city, I mean if it was me I’d be pretty damn pissed.”
When Cas finally turned around, his face held the biggest smile Dean had ever seen on the angel. He made his way towards the couch, holding out a bowl of noodles in front of him. Dean could barely bring himself to look at the food, even though he was starving, because the way Cas was smiling, so proud of himself, made his stomach twist and turn (but he figured it could also just be the hunger), but for a moment, Dean thought that he would do pretty much everything to see him smile like this again.
“Yes, but usually we layer responsibly,” Dean chuckled.
The angel let out a small “oh,” and his demeanor changed back to his usual self again. “I didn’t save you so that you would have to save me in return.”
He realized that his cell phone was loudly buzzing in his back pocket. He pulled it out and relief washed over him as he saw the called ID.
“Maybe not with you, I’m a joy to be around,” Dean offered a laugh, in a desperate attempt to not sound compromised.
, he pleaded a prayer in his head.
“Shoot.”
“Better now,” he paused, going around Dean to close the door behind him. “You really did a number on him,” his tone wasn’t accusatory, more like a statement. Dean kept waiting for the other shoe to drop, for Sam to ask about the fight, what had happened and why he wasn’t all battered and bruised, but there was nothing.
“Exactly, the current situation is bad enough as it is. But I have a job to do and it’s to make sure nothing happens to you, so I’m
Dean nodded, to let the angel know he was, indeed, okay. And they stayed like that for a while, just breathing, eyes staring back at each other in what Dean would consider a very awkward stare down on any other occasion. How much time passed before Castiel got up, he had no idea, the only indicator being the beam of sun that had moved from the floor to the couch as the earth made its turn around the sun.
"Are you gonna be at the negotiation?" Dean couldn't help but wonder, he knew that his chances of getting a straightforward answer were slim here, but something about this whole situation wasn’t sitting right with him, and he found himself worrying about Cas. Which was practically ridiculous, with him being an angel, a warrior most likely capable of killing every hunter present at the negotiation.
“You always think people are being shady, Bobby, ain’t no surprise there. They gotta save your life or die trying before you give them the time of day.” Ellen told him, half-serious, half-joking while she passed Sam the wedges.
“The thing is, Michael, that there’s intel on the contrary, and where does that leave us? The leader of the angels, saying he knows nothing? You can understand how they don’t believe you.” If Castiel had told him the truth, and god, he wanted to believe he did, there was someone providing false information to the hunters, which meant that Michael was telling the truth, but that was a big
“It always is,” Jo smiled. “Try me.”
“Is that why you wanted to talk to me?” Castiel’s face carried an expression that Dean couldn’t quite read, was it relief?
The hours Sam and Jo spent in the cabin with Dean flew by as they brainstormed how to get Michael’s grace from John. They didn’t even know if he had it on him, or if he’d stashed it away somewhere else. One thing they knew for certain, there was only one person that could help them.
"Bobby?" Dean asked, fighting a yawn, looking over at Sam who seemed just as confused.
Castiel’s face went blank, but Dean could definitely see a flicker of emotion behind his eyes.
This had worked before, so what the hell it was worth a shot.
“Well I’m fine, aren’t I?” Dean threw his hands in the air which caused his right leg to sting, but he refused to let the pain display across his face.
“I don’t think I owe you any explanation actually,” Dean said, a smile spreading across his face. This whole situation wasn’t funny at all, but he couldn’t help but feel smug about the fact that his dad wasn’t the only one keeping secrets.
That's when he noticed it, a small puddle of water had formed just outside the bathroom door, seeping through the carpet, giving Dean’s footsteps a soggy sound as he approached the door. “You okay in there?”
“Yeah? When did you get so wise?” Dean unglued his eyes from the floor, at last, and caught Jo’s gaze, quickly getting the answer to his question. She didn’t need to say it, it was all over her face. Dean tried his hardest to swallow down the over-protectiveness he was wired to spit out, and avoided demanding to know who it was that was dipping his paintbrush in Jo’s watercolors. “You can talk to me too, you know? I promise I won’t hulk out.”
The odd pair sauntered towards the Impala as if they needed to stall time, and Dean wondered if he should be the one to speak, but the words felt trapped in his throat and he just kept walking. He wasn’t sure if it was the adrenaline from what they had just witnessed, or just finding himself alone with Cas, under the night sky once again, but he felt like he needed to say something, anything. He didn’t like this silence between them, and he hated that he’d been the cause of it.
“You have some nerve, everything I do is to make sure this family is safe and provided for, I work my ass off so that you and Sammy get to have a chance at life. You don’t see me running around with some skank outside the walls, we prioritize family in this house, you of all people should understand that after what happened to your mom, or have you moved past this already?”
“Everyone who asks questions. I’m taking some gear out of the weaponry.”
“Please, share your concerns,” Metatron gestured to the only other chair in the room. He had taken over Michael’s office as well, the walls stripped down to the bones and the desk where they had once congregated around, discussing strategy and revising field maps now looked crowded with a typewriter, paper everywhere, a bowl that seemed very out of place, next to a cutting tool, and a couple of candles that had melted into the oak of the table.
“So Bobby, what do you know about capturing angels?”
“I told you.” It said while slowly pulling the knife out of its chest. “Those won't do you any good.”
Everyone looked up in surprise at his arrival, everyone except Metatron.
“We should just free Michael right now, it is merely a matter of going down there and completely obliterating every pathetic little ant in that appalling city, our leader will finally be free again,” Inias yelled out, jumping up from his seat.
A few stripper poles were flanking the stage in the middle of the room where two of these young women, scarcely dressed, were chatting to a few interested customers. The third one on stage, grabbing to the pole for dear life, wearing nothing but a skimpy nurse outfit, that seemed right from the kid’s Halloween costume section at Walmart. While Dean’s eyes made their way from her chest to her bare legs, enjoying the sight, he couldn’t help but wonder if there was an 8-year-old at home, waiting for her mom to be back from work, in the costume she’d worn to go trick-or-treating. Shaking that disheartening thought from the back of his mind, they made their way over to the bar, where a male bartender was busy cleaning drinkware. Dean noticed he wore a tight black t-shirt that clung to his sweaty body too tightly, laying flat against his biceps and a pair of denim washed-out jeans, as he looked the odd pair up and down.
“I can tell you’re lying, son. Hell, I taught you how.” John raised his hand in Dean’s general direction, only to slam it back down on the kitchen table, the sound startling him, even if he tried to hide it.  “So I’m asking you again, where are you going?”
Dean raised his eyebrows, he hadn’t thought that the angel would give in this easily. He had been prepared to use all the probing techniques he knew, to make Cas answer all the burning questions that were constantly on his mind. Like how had the angels gone from the humans’ protectors to their enemies, how had they turned a co-operation into a deadly feud?
“I really shouldn’t,” the angel spoke with hesitation.
He knew what it looked like, a very conspicuous blue, shimmering, light, that could be held in a necklace or something of the sorts. So he just had to get it, and get it back to him.
“Right,” John said through gritted teeth. “Is there anything else I can help you with?” The tone in his question didn’t hold any friendliness, but Curt didn’t appear bothered in the slightest.
“You’re not pissed?” Dean raised one eyebrow, suspicious.
“Now, now, Joshua, why don’t you stop by later. I completely understand your worry and I would hate for us to not see eye to eye. After all, we are on the same side here.”
“They’re still alive,” Castiel hesitated for a moment. He should mention the close encounters to Uriel, but that also meant explaining how these hunters miraculously survived. He decided to say nothing.
“I didn’t-” He didn’t want him to feel like he was putting Cas above him, but he also didn’t want to admit that Cas was the one who told
That’s impossible, it couldn’t have followed him here.
Getting into the weaponry was the easy part, apparently. The hard part was leaving with the weapons, without being seen.
Dean had no clue as to what the higher-ranked hunters had planned to do with Michael. His father was part of the core team in the command center but obviously, he refused to tell Dean anything.
The background chatter and clinking of glasses helped him to clear his head, the bourbon in his glass helped too.
“Winchester junior, senior, potato, potato,” Curt laughed and John looked like he was trying so hard not to curse at him, Dean thought his dad might spontaneously combust.
“He sounds lovely,” Jo smiled at him, a warm tone in her voice, a bit different from what he was used to hearing from her usual sassy banter “I can see why you like him.”
“As long as Michael is unavailable,” Metatron began somberly, but quickly developing into a meek conclusion “I’m afraid it is a burden I must accept.”
“That’s all you got? Usually when there’s bad news people always say, ‘hey wanna hear the good news or the bad news.’ ”
“Dean, you don’t have to pretend that your father didn’t just beat you senseless, this does not look like a little argument.” The angel’s voice was clipped and hard, and Dean had no idea how to react. “You look like you got hit by a cement truck.”
Castiel just stared at him, defeated. Perhaps it was the knowledge that he wouldn’t make it, not in this condition. Perhaps Dean had gotten through to him. Whatever it was that made Cas get back up and start running, Dean was glad.
and the fact that he hadn’t had sex in
Dean's expression shifted considerably, a flicker of fear crossed his eyes, but then he toughened his gaze and opened his mouth to speak. Castiel waited, patiently for an answer. He knew it was a lot to ask, especially to a hunter whose whole life had warned him about angels. Dean had been wary of him in the beginning, and Castiel wasn’t an archangel, it was reasonable to expect resistance, but Gabriel had been insistent and gave him plenty of replies to the many objections Dean might pose.
“I guess you could say that,” there was no possible scenario in which he would take this smile away from Dean. Not when it made him have a smile of his own.
It was still the early afternoon, and Dean already felt like he’d been up for a week. It was bound to be a long-ass day. Jo made coffee for them and tossed two frozen pizzas in the oven for lunch. Sam had covered the entire table in blueprints and was making post-it notes to stick over some parts. Dean watched over his shoulder and felt a sort of pride in his brother. Not a whole day had passed since he’d asked him to figure out how to bust Michael out, and the kid had already gotten more done than he had in the past few months.
“He wanted to know about the angel’s next attack,” Michael sighed “But as I told him, a few hundred times most probably, there is no next attack planned. We have no interest in mingling with humans, we haven't for decades. Well, at least not in any way that you need to be worried about.”
“Brother,” Uriel nodded. “How is the mission going?”
“Yes, Sir,” Dean said. If his dad wasn’t going to tell him more about the angel mission, he would just have to find out for himself.
? Cas, tell me you’ve not been living a shitty existence for over a thousand years.”
Castiel greeted him with a small nod, the material of his clothing reflected in the bright sunlight. For a second Dean wondered what the material could be, since it doesn’t look stiff yet it resembled the texture of tiny linked metal rings.
The next hour Dean studied his newest conquest, she kept looking back at him while serving other clients, and then back the clock. They hadn’t exchanged any more words, and it felt pretty clear that this would be just a one night stand - she didn’t seem bothered by the fact.
“Or, we could just talk about it, you know, like normal people,” Sam pushed carefully. “Dean, even you need to vent at some point, it’s not healthy to keep pushing everything down.”
“Dean?” The thing he had just crashed into asked with clear concern.
“If that’s what you see when you look at me, a subspecies, an inferior…” His anger subsided completely, leaving behind a devastating tightness in his heart, the feeling of a piece that had set itself there, dislodging. “Then I don’t know what the hell we’re doing here Cas”
filled the room. Dean had taken his boxers and jeans from the duffel into the bathroom, in a flash of wits. He was in a particularly good mood, all things considered, and let the music sway him into a half-leg-tappin, half-dancing in the bathroom stupor while he shaved and got himself ready for the day.
He slowed, waiting to see if Rufus was buying what he was selling. When there weren’t any red flags, he continued. “And I couldn’t sleep, so I figured, might as well make myself useful. Bet this is pretty crowded during the day, right?”
Dean looked up, Cas’s face showed more emotion than he had ever seen in him, he could feel himself sobering with every second that passed, and just wished time would stand still for a minute.
The silence was deafening. It was times like this where Dean wished he could read Cas’s mind, or, at least, was better at reading his facial expressions - or lack thereof. A small flash of surprise crossed his face, but as fast as Dean caught it, it was gone.
“Who are you calling scruffy?”
“Well,” Gabriel’s typical sarcastic tone shielded him from the cold, metaphorical, knife stuck on his back. “This has been a lovely surprise, but I should get going now.” He turned around to leave, but it was obvious that she was not going to let him go that easily.
“Dude, are you okay?” It wasn’t concern that laced Dean’s voice. He just wanted to know that the angel had done everything in its power to heal Sam, that was all.
When he finally let his head hit his pillow, trying to sleep away the day he’d had, something kept him restless.
“Fuck, Cas, it’s about you not dying on me, okay?” Dean’s frustration rippled through his body, making him reach his hand out and not-so-gently shove Cas’s chest.
Dean grunted in disappointment and frustration as he noticed Cas pulling away even further. Both of their breathing heavy and Cas’s lips were still red from his, Dean’s eyes couldn’t focus on anything else but those lips.
“How do you know all this?” Maybe he was pushing his luck, but Curt didn’t seem all that uncomfortable. So Dean smiled encouragingly, a smile he knew made him look less threatening - it had worked in his favor before.
“Yeah, well they’re doing a pretty fucked up job so far,” Dean huffed. Not letting his mind trail back to the exception he knew was out there.
Dean had just taken a big gulp of coffee, which proved to be a bad idea. He nearly choked on the hot liquid, it earned him weird looks from Sam and Bobby.
The memory faded as a hand tapped on Dean's left shoulder. It was his aunt, Ellen, telling him to help her out at the bar. He knew she was doing this to distract him from what had just happened, he also knew that there wasn’t a chance in hell he could refuse her order. So he walked over to the bar, cursing under his breath until he received a death glare from Ellen. Dean quickly occupied himself with pouring beers for his fellow hunters.
“Just a little further. Some of the trees have been warded-” Cas’s breath was ragged but he spoke fast, anyway, unaffected by the lack of air in his lungs, “, that’s why they were running after us and not using any power.”
Dean thought
“Actually we met before that, but yes, both times I was on a mission from Heaven.”
“Look just because someone can kick your ass in training doesn’t mean she would do better out doing the real thing.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Once in the kitchen, Dean stretched his arm as high as he could, but it was useless, Sam had stored the Lucky Charms’ box way up high, and he wasn’t about to use a step ladder to get it, his pride couldn’t handle that big of a hit. He’d just eat toast instead.
“So you were caught in the crossfire?” Bobby asked.
By the time he heard Sam’s truck pull up into the driveway, Dean had eaten and taken a well deserved, albeit guilt-ridden nap. He should’ve been preparing, thinking about how to get Michael out of his box.
to be near to him. Why would he have him
They both turned to the lake, watching as the moonlight reflected on the quiet water.
Dean followed the direction, squinting his eyes in an attempt to see the so-called ‘greater bear’. There were so many little burning dots above them, but none of them resembled any kind of animal in his opinion.
Dean thought.
Castiel couldn’t deny that Metatron was a charismatic leader, strong-willed and clever. Maybe too clever for his own good. He knew there were angels who would follow him, so long as he kept this holier-than-that persona. There had been times where even Castiel fell deceived at his words - the way he would talk about humanity, and their mission, and the way he spoke of their father, it was easy enough to believe him. It was certainly easier, he understood, to stand with Metatron than it was to rebel against him. And yet, that did not make it right.
Dean was already locked away in the backroom again by the time Cas roused himself and made his way down to the garage. He sleepily started to set up his workstation, sipping the mug of coffee he’d brought with him from the Inn.
Cas nodded, his head falling to rest against Dean’s shoulder as Dean tried to hide his shock at Cas’ willingness to do such a thing in public. Hell, even Dean was feeling a bit reluctant.
Maybe he’s a fool who can’t handle the rejection and has nowhere else to go in the middle of a pandemic.
Dean smiles at him and spreads his arms wide. “Look at this place. Yeah, I’m happy.”
Cas could feel some of the tension he’d been holding onto melt away. Michael had kept his word so far. Dean was still had power over himself as the archangel rode shotgun, and the relief Cas felt was strong enough to make his knees feel a little weak.
He’d said ‘I love you,’ to that Cas. He’d forgotten that detail, but it all came flooding back now. It was whispered and pressed into the hair behind Cas’ ear as the former angel moved inside him, but he’d said it without meaning it, and the guilt of that weighed on Dean more than anything.
Cas felt a warmth spreading through his chest. That was exactly what he hoped Dean would say, because he had plans and had already given Charlie the heads up that Dean may not make it in at all that day.
"Anything Dean," Cas breathed in Dean's ear as his thrusts sped. "I would give you anything.”
“Where do you want me to cum, omega?”
Dean was still facing the slightly open door and he had two choices. He could walk out the door and let Cas finish his show, or he could close the door, turn around, stay and… and what? He felt a little spark of excitement shoot through him. He wanted to know what would happen if he stayed. The door clicked shut, and Cas moaned low and sexy behind him.
"I want you, Dean," Cas growled against his ear as his hips continued their sinful rolling.
Castiel finished his drink while Ellen was talking, then set his glass down on the bar top. “I’d like to see the rooms and meet any staff that’s here, if possible.”
“Like a man in swim shorts?” Cas said with a shrug. He tugged at the hem of his tank top as if he could magically make it long enough to cover his package.
He ran his hands down Cas' sides and over his firm ass before burying his face between the wings and kissing  a line down his spine. Cas was panting and writhing against him, so needy. Dean grasped his hard length in one hand, nudging the head against the angel's entrance.
“How’s that?” Dean asks, ever attentive.
"Oh, baby, I love you so much. I haven't laughed that hard since the last time I took you to see the 'bunnies,'" Dean said when he'd finally been able to speak again.
"More, Cas," Dean pleaded as his lips trailed down Castiel's perfect jawline and attached to the skin below his ear. Cas tilted his head, granting Dean better access as he slipped two fingers into Dean's tight heat and crooked them against his prostate. "Yes. Fuck, Cas," Dean breathed against the shell of the angel's ear.
Castiel pushed all thoughts of Dean aside and turned off the water. The fire inside him had been banked for now, a glowing ember where a raging flame had been only a couple hours before. He slipped out of the glass-walled shower and wrapped himself in a fluffy white towel, using a second to quickly towel-dry his hair before hanging it for later use. He didn’t bother taming his hair, leaving it sticking up all over the place to air dry on its own. It’s not like he’d be leaving the house until his rut was over anyway.
Sorry about the cliffy?
“Why would you even want me to have you? I’m gross. I disgust you. You said it yourself. I’m needy and leaking all over the place,” Dean says through the door and his voice is so sad.
Dean is smirking at him when he turns back around. He’s leaning back on his elbows, black vinyl stretched obscenely over his hard cock, and leather straps crisscrossing his chest. Cas has the fleeting thought that he should buy more presents for Dean to wear… the fun he could have dressing him up…
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas said sweetly, kissing Dean on the tip of the nose before gently pushing him away.
Cas drops a kiss to Dean’s forehead before he can convince himself it’s a bad idea and grabs Baby’s keys.
Concerned, Lily had tuned out of angel radio that night, concentrating on whispering the Enochian spell she’d used to track down Ishim’s flight. She laid still, repeating the words until her lips numbed from the repeated motions, and Castiel never came through. She could feel him though, the slightest little buzz of grace, and she reached for it, driving all day and following it to a little lakeside town in Washington state.
“You’d do that? For me?” Cas asked sarcastically, his eyes dancing with mirth.
"We should have been doing this for years, Cas," Dean said as he rolled his hips again. "I was so stupid. Thought if I just ignored it, it would go away." Another roll. "I love you so fucking much." Roll.
The ceiling of the room was peaked in places, mimicking the peaks of the roof just above his head, including over his bed, which made his sleep space feel almost cave-like.  To lighten it up, he strung strands of white lights over the bed, creating a comfy, albeit almost feminine, space that somehow just worked. The room didn’t exactly vibe with the rest of the house’s old Victorian charm, but it was his own private space, and it very much reflected that.
“When am I not?” he asks, punctuating the question with a frustrated groan. “I’m fucking gone on him, and spent the first week of the summer break trying to think up ways to bribe Claire to join the Environmental Club next year so I can keep pining from not-so-afar.” He was bummed as hell that Jack was off to high school and had new clubs to join, leaving Dean potentially Cas-less for the rest of his miserable life.
“You have to go,” he demanded, looking into the alpha’s eyes and drinking in the air around him once more.
He pulls on Dean’s collar, stretching it out so he can suck a mark on his collarbone, which puts his nose right over Dean’s mating gland. Dean’s scent is strong. Cas can practically smell the heat of the flambéed dessert Dean’s scent reminds him of.
Cas glanced at the clock. It was just after 6:00 AM. Sam would most likely still be asleep, and he was fairly sure Dean wouldn’t wake for hours yet. He swallowed a lump in his throat and brushed the single tear away he hadn’t even noticed he’d shed. His heart was hammering in his chest as the very real human emotion of anxiety overtook him. As slowly and gently as he could, he untangled himself from Dean, holding his breath as the man made a sleepy little noise, then snuggled into the bed and fell back into a deep sleep.
while Dean quietly sang along, his voice rich and deep in Cas’ ear. Cas tucked his face into Dean’s neck, breathing in apples and infectious happiness and wondering if the day could possibly get any better.
“Hey,” Cas says, setting the stack of fresh blankets and sheets on the end of the couch. “I cleaned the nest, if you want to rebuild it. Whichever bed you choose.”
Cas beamed at him, then pulled him into a kiss. “I love you, Dean,” he said sincerely.
“We always got far too distracted by each other to actually look at the stars, if I recall,” Cas teased.
Dean scoffed a laugh and finally snatched the book back. “I don’t have the grades,” he argued.
Cas stepped into the foyer, looking up at the grand staircase with it’s original banister, then down at the shining hardwood floors that had been laid in a herringbone patterm. All the trim work and moldings looked original, but restored to a gleaming finish, and the paint colors were tastefully done in soft neutrals.
“Fuck!” he cried out as the tip of the soldering iron bumped into his hand, burning him. He immediately dropped the solder and the iron, the latter landing on the piece and shattering some of the sections of glass.
Through it all, Dean and Cas would visit their windows at the church on every anniversary, holding hands and reminiscing over how it all began. They’d laugh over how young their angel counterparts looked in comparison to their aging selves, then kiss and leave the church for another year.
Dean pulled his tee shirt over his head, tossing it over the side of the bed to join the crinkled pile of tissue paper. “You decide. My body is all yours.”
Cas glanced over at the screen long enough to take in the tip total and to bark out a quick goodnight to their viewers before slamming the laptop shut and rolling them onto their sides to wait out his knot. Dean snuggled up to Cas and pressed their lips together before drifting off to sleep, sated in a way he hadn't been in… maybe ever.
“Kiss me,” Cas breathed out, and Dean maneuvered himself to lay on his side while keeping a hand on Castiel’s cock. He pressed his lips to Cas’, kissing him deeply and within seconds Cas gasped into his mouth and covered Dean’s hand and bed in white.
this idea.
installed.
“I ain’t gonna learn shit if I can’t hear,” Dean snarks.
“More than ok. I want you to come inside me,” Dean said, and Cas rolled on top of him, hitching his legs up and sliding home again in one smooth thrust.
'Sam is going to have a fit,' Dean thought with a smirk as he remembered the mild destruction Cas’ grace had wrought upon the room.
His hands slide over the soft gray teeshirt Dean is wearing and his breath hitches when he feels the harness hidden beneath.
Starting to wrap up now. I'm going to miss them. They're cute.
“Not too much to pack up this year,” Dean said, and he was right. They’d sold a good portion of the stock they’d brought from the shop, including most of the paintings Castiel had been experimenting with lately. “We’ll probably be out of here a half hour after it ends.”
"Fuck, Cas," Dean growled. "Wait, baby… wait. If that's what you want, I'm more than happy to give it to you, but we need…”
“Get bees, plant a big garden for them, hell, dance naked in the backyard under the full moon for all I care. Do whatever you want to the place, Angel. It’s ours. Just say the word, and we’ll go sign the papers tomorrow.”
“That’s not all I got,” Dean says, returning Castiel’s smile and reaching out to squeeze his shoulder. “And you? Are you happy?”
“Fuck,” Cas breathed out. “Look at you.”
"Dean, what are you doing? Angels don't need to wash," Cas complained as the water flattened his hair to his forehead. He scowled at Dean from beneath the wet locks, and Dean couldn't help but chuckle at his disgruntled lover.
He grabs the nearest blanket and wipes off his face, then lubes up his cock with the slick that’s clinging to his fingers. “I’ve got you,” he purrs next to Dean’s ear and Dean arches back into him, desperate for friction.
Cas averted his eyes and shook his head. “No, I don’t think so… it’s just… you’re 30, Dean.”
“Thinking about him again?” she asks, reaching for a dishtowel and handing it to Dean to dry his hands on so he can open the gift.
That week while they were sequestered away from the world, with the urgency of their cycles out of the way, they could safely give in to temptation. They were freshly tested for STIs, birth control in Dean’s blood stream, and it was finally going to happen. Castiel was exhilarated and terrified, ready and not, his heart pounding in his chest every time his eyes met Dean’s.
“Cas?” Dean whispered, reaching out and cautiously touching Cas’ shoulder.
“You’ve never had me pegged at all, Dean, but maybe next time,” he teased, flawlessly using innuendo in a way that had Dean’s pupils dilating so fast, Cas almost mistook him for a demon.
Cas kissed the tip of Dean’s thumb, then pushed himself back onto his side of the car. “Yes. Slow. Right. I’ll walk you in,” Cas said, unbuckling his seatbelt and getting out of the car without waiting for an answer so he could breath in the fresh air outside the enclosed vehicle and calm his libido.
“Why, though?” Dean asks and the little furrow deepens. “Why shouldn’t it happen again? You’re hot, you have stated very clearly that you think I’m hot, and we’re performers, right?” Cas nods, but still looks adorably confused. “Well, if you were in a play, I’d come see you perform, right? Way I see it, we’re just being supportive friends.”
Cas settles between Dean’s legs and leans down to scent him again. He feels Dean’s nose at his scent gland and he tips his head to the side, letting Dean breathe in his fill. Then he pushes Dean’s legs further apart and slides home.
Dean watched, bottom lip snuggly between his teeth and body buzzing with arousal and anticipation. He'd done this in the past in seedy motels after a few too many or backwoods truck stops where men were so desperate for company they’d pay for it, but he already knew none of those awkward fumblings with men would compare to this. None of them were ever Cas.
Though they did sneak phone conversations here and there, it would be five years before Castiel saw Gabriel again.
Cas took a step closer before stopping himself. “I was so mad at you Dean. So angry and hurt that I never wanted to be put in that position again. I gave up having a life for myself. I simply existed. I got up, I went to work, I ran errands, I slept, I ate. I wasn’t living. I never dated. But in spite of all of that, I never wanted this life for you. When I thought of you, and it was often, I imagined you happy somewhere with a mate and pups and working on your art. I never thought you’d… I wanted you happy, Dean. I truly, honestly wanted you to have the good life I’d never have.”
Dean released him in submission, backing up just far enough for them to see each other, to really look at each other after so long apart. He was older, his features more masculine with age, but still beautiful and freckled, his green eyes glassy and his skin flushed a bright pink from his heat. He was tall, just a bit taller than Cas, and broad and strong across his shoulders. His narrow waist tapered down to tiny green shorts and long bowed legs ended in bare feet. A smattering of glitter decorated his chest, starkly drawing Castiel’s attention back to what Dean did for a living now. He wondered what path in life lead him to the point where he sold his body, but that was a question for another time.
"Faster, Cas," Dean begged, feeling his orgasm building deep in his groin, the telltale tingles making themselves heard in spite of the lack of stimulation to his cock. "Harder! Fuck me Cas!”
“Thank you for today,” he says. “I don’t think I realized how much I needed a bit of normalcy. It’s easy to tell myself that I’m an introvert and that my life hasn’t changed much with having to stay home since I was here most of the time anyway. But I guess there’s a difference between wanting to stay home and being forced to stay home.”
He’s fucking Dean hard enough now that Dean is bracing himself, hands on the headboard, but he’s moaning with pleasure and his legs are wrapped tightly around Cas’ hips.
Castiel nods. There’s a thick, painful lump in his throat. “So, that’s it then. My quest for revenge is over, I suppose.”
“Alright, enough is enough.” The sound of Dean’s voice startles the life out of Castiel. He was deeply engrossed in an old hunter’s journal, and had no idea Dean had come back from going into town.
It takes two weeks of traveling through a number of townships before Castiel finally comes across a… a case, he supposes. He’s travelled close to the southern border of Kansas, a town named Cherryvale. As soon as he arrives he sees a group of women in full mourning garb. Several shops are closed despite the time of day, some houses have wreaths with black ribbons hung on their doors.
“Well, you’d know better’n me what the boys have or haven’t done, just hard for me to think of them as killers. Thieves, yes. Raucous irresponsible gamblers, too. But killing… well, I suppose you never really know with some people.”
“Which she was.”
There’s something in the air between them, heat, electricity…
“Wonder what?”
“Ghouls,” Castiel repeats, trying to remember what he’s learned. “Shapeshifting corpse eaters, right?”
“With
“Castiel?”
“I thought
“Aside from vengeful kleptomaniacs,” he adds.
Dean sets Castiel on the bed, and takes a moment to stuff a pillow under his neck. “Been in your position before, actually. You’ll be mobile in a few hours, but this ought to save you from a bad neck crick in the morning.”
With an entire list of cities the Winchesters will visit and the likely order of those visits, Castiel decides he can afford to rest one more night before going after them.
“No, it surely isn’t. But… here…” Castiel takes the Colt and bullets out of his bag, passing them to Dean.
“I barely met him.”
Alone with his thoughts is no good at all.
Castiel shakes his head and smiles. “It’s alright. And technically, the werewolf didn’t kill my brother, Dean did.”
Castiel reaches out to poke the apparition, his hand goes through it. “I can’t touch it.”
,” Dean snaps.
“One of us has got a weapon right now, and it ain’t you. Who are you?”
in all of this.
An hour passes, and the door to his room opens. Castiel would turn to look at whoever is coming in, but of course he can’t.
The house feels no less depressing when Castiel wakes. He spends the day sorting Jimmy’s things into piles of what to keep, what to try selling, and what to toss. Most of Jimmy’s books go into the sell pile, most of his clothes go into the keep pile. Castiel figures a man can always use more clothes, and Jimmy’s are in way better shape than his. Jimmy’s mattress goes underneath Castiel’s, and his bed frame gets put in the backyard, propped up against the house to be dealt with another day. Castiel doesn’t throw out any of Jimmy’s knickknacks or decorations, but he does sell the ring Jimmy bought for Amelia.
Still, he doesn’t intervene. He watches as they work unceasingly to dig up a grave, then Dean hops into the grave. Foul.
“I am,” Castiel says, scrambling out of the back of the cart. A good man, this Rufus. Tired and sweaty and still willing to bring a stranger along in his cart from Eudora. Castiel was glad for the reprieve, his legs are tired.
“Damn, that’s morbid,” Jo, says.
Dean’s eyebrows raise. He looks almost amused. “Stole your brother’s badge to track us all over Kansas?”
Castiel wakes suddenly, and though his hat is over his face, he can sense someone is in the room with him. He lifts his hat, somehow not that surprised to see Dean sitting in the pew in front of his, turned around and staring at him.
In the morning he informs Naomi that he’ll likely be gone several days, and she promises to wait ten days before selling the belongings he leaves behind instead of her usual seven. She gives him some dried beef for the road, and even looks a bit sad to see him go before she seems to remember herself. He uses the money he took from the Winchesters along with some of his own to outright buy Angel instead of renting, loads his pack with feed and a new, larger canteen, and at the time Castiel is usually carrying heavy things for Naomi or clearing her yard, he sets off for Topeka.
“Well… that’s not
know what he’s doing. He’s got one gun and no idea what’s out there. Investigating might get him killed right off the bat. He may be depressed and reckless, but he’s not looking to die. Especially if it’ll involve being torn to pieces. He spends the day talking to people, taking notes. One woman, a saloon owner, seems particularly unbothered by the attacks.
Castiel likes to think he has some measure of stamina, a bit of self control, but he’s helpless against the slick, tight warmth engulfing him. No more than two minutes pass before he’s coming hard, shouting every profanity under the sun, toes curling in his boots.
“I don’t know what that is, so no.”
There’s nowhere to sleep in the church other than the pews, and despite the reverend giving Castiel a comfortable blanket, it is not the nicest night of sleep he’s ever had. Maybe someday church pews will have cushions, like an indoor bench or a daybed. Castiel smiles, the thought of more comfortable church seating helping him to fall asleep.
“Like that time Bobby fought a siren and she took the form of Rufus?” Dean offers.
“I hope for your sake you’ve got some honor, Deputy. I had a boarder a while back, Cole Trenton. Stuffed my silver in his bag and tried to come for me as well. I shot him between the eyes,” Naomi says gravely.
The woman’s face shifts from grief to fear. “That’s what they’re saying, but if you want my opinion… the thing out there has smarts, more than some rabid animal. It started picking off farmers on the edges of town, now they’ve moved on to night workers in the town itself, like my husband. God rest his soul.”
Castiel sits up angrily, but his retort dies when he looks at Dean’s face. There’s a large gash on the side of his face… no, three of them, and quite a bit of blood.
Castiel gets on his knees, trying to get a closer look. There’s a… seam. An almost imperceptible gap between the dustier part of the floor and this chair. He follows the seam, and realizes that what he thought were unrecognizable lumps of burnt metal are actually hinges.
Sam shrugs. “Dean said his was more comfortable, wanted you to take it.”
“Yes ma’am,” Castiel says, for what must be the thirtieth time since he arrived.
There’s a high, piercing sound in the distance. Sam, whistling as he starts coming back in their direction. Not terribly subtle, but it’s better than him walking in on them in flagrante delicto for a seventh time. Castiel rolls onto his side to kiss Dean.
“Well, lotta the town burned when Quantrill’s men came back in sixty-three, so probably looks a bit different. Bones are still the same though. If you’re lookin’ for a place to rest, lotta widows still taking boarders, I’d check over at Singer’s, he usually knows who’s taking renters.” Rufus points one long, brown finger in the direction of what looks to be a drugstore just up the road. “I’d take you there myself but that old goosecap ain’t speaking to me at the moment.”
For a long time Castiel thought about giving it to her, thinking maybe Jimmy would want her to have it. He kept putting it off, though, and one day Castiel came home on a break from tracking Sam and Dean, and he saw that Amelia had found a new suitor. If she’s moved on, Castiel doesn’t want to do something that will wreck her progress.
Dinner with Naomi is mostly quiet, but absolutely delicious. Castiel hasn’t eaten anything that wasn’t dried and preserved in at least two weeks, and Naomi’s rich mutton stew and soft bread is just what he needed.
“The what?”
“Why don’t you go to other states?”
“Do those have a flap in the back for your rear end?” Castiel blurts out.
“Damn it, Cas, do you have to say shit like that out loud?”
“Meals are at dawn and sunset,” Naomi says once the tub is filled. “If I can’t find you, I’ll assume you’ve found food elsewhere, and that’s your problem, not mine.”
Castiel doesn’t need to be asked twice.
Dean pulls back, and the charming, enigmatic witch fades away, and all that’s looking at Castiel is a wonderful, vulnerable man. “Is… was that okay?” he says, voice so tender Castiel can barely hear him.
Castiel thinks he might be blushing now, too. “You wanted to keep me safe?”
“Like Jimmy. He really was an honorable man, Cas. Not everybody would come seek us out to die, not when they had a choice. But he chose death over letting the monster inside him live.”
After that, the training begins. The Winchester house is fairly secluded, and Dean tells Castiel that no one ever comes around this area.
Dean lets out excited moans when Castiel kisses him, when he works Dean’s pants open. He spits into his palm, an act he once found appalling, then takes Dean in hand.
“Because that’s where
Dean sighs, pocketing his blade and pulling a handful of what looks like sand out of his pocket. “
“I’m sure we’ll get along fine,” Castiel says, even as the dappled grey creature swats him right in the face with her tail.
“Knowing me has its perks, huh?”
“I, uh… I hadn’t thought that far ahead,” Castiel stammers. “Are there… hunters stationed in Wichita?” He glances at Dean, and can’t help but think he looks a little sad. The look vanishes the moment they make eye contact, and Castiel wonders if it was ever even there.
“Well it’s like ripping a fucking hole in God’s universe with my bare hands and walking through it, Cas.”
The routine established on Castiel’s first full day in Lawrence repeats itself over and over, until nine days have passed. Castiel is slowly running out of money as he continues to rent Angel every day, he’s running out of people to ask about the Winchesters, and he’s running out of patience.
Castiel doesn’t know what to say, so he doesn’t say anything, just leans against Dean and keeps his eyes on the setting sun.
The room’s been like this for months, and every time Castiel has come home it hurts to look at. Almost as much as it hurts to think about discarding Jimmy’s belongings. Maybe, though, maybe it’s time to finally stop leaving the room looking like Jimmy will be home any minute.
“Kansas is our home, we ought to look after it.”
Dean tilts his head slightly as he stares down at Castiel. “You ain’t Jimmy at all, are you?”
“Pfft, I’m not going to travel all the way to Wichita for some forks.”
A vampire, Castiel is certain of it. What else would drain blood from their victims? And only attacks when the sun has gone down? Until Castiel broke into the cellar to read those books, he’d thought vampires were a fiction. A product of stories like Carmilla or Varney the Vampire, morbid Victorian stories full of blood and seduction.
“What’ll happen after he’s all trained up?” Another hunter, Victor, asks.
Castiel’s not going to let some grouchy witch stand in his way. He was never suited to a life as a lawman like Jimmy, but this…
Castiel spends a long time scrubbing his skin, long after the hot water has cooled. It then makes sense to scrub at his clothes with his soap and try to get some of the filth out of them as well. He cleans the pair of jeans he’s wearing, the three shirts in his bag, Jimmy’s vest, and every piece of fabric he can find until the water in the tub is more sludge than anything else. He dumps the tub outside, and hangs his clothes on the rails of the tiny porch surrounding the shed before going back inside to lie on the lumpy, though comfortable bed. It’s a warm day out, Castiel’s hopeful his clothes will dry some before Naomi comes to fetch him for supper.
Sammy said we oughta leave something for your damn family.”
“No, but I—”
It only takes talking to seven people before someone’s telling Castiel about strange animal attacks on the outskirts of town, in an area mostly used for visiting travelling shows. Apparently three men tilling the field for an upcoming circus were killed in the night last week, another two men a few days later. No one’s seen who or what is doing the killing, but an absolutely haunted looking man sitting outside the post office said the victims were ripped to shreds, worse than any bear or cougar attack he’d ever seen.
Castiel sets the journal down. “
“The werewolf… shot him?”
Naomi lets out something nearing a laugh at the word “virtue”, but she nods. “Just so we understand each other. You can come and go from this room as you please, but the main house gets locked up before I turn in. If you need something from me, you’d best not need it in the middle of the night.”
. Castiel finds himself starting to lean forward before he realizes what he’s doing and stumbles back. He’s not about to lose the only friend he has because of his proclivities.
“You got anything good?”
By the time he leaves, Castiel is feeling confident. He knows what sorts of signs to look for, he has a good variety of pilfered tools, he’s feeling strong after a few days spent not riding. The only issue is a hand cramp from constant note taking, but that’ll pass.
“No,” Castiel says, “I don’t suppose you do.”
Castiel is exhausted from his ordeal, and Dean is exhausted from all the magic he’s been doing, so they both end up going back to sleep.
“Perhaps you know them, I’m looking for Sam and Dean Winchester.”
It takes a solid five days of fairly easy travel for Angel to take Castiel from Wichita to Concordia. He has no idea if the Winchester’s will be here yet, but judging by the time it took him to get home, and the route the Winchesters take, Concordia is a safer bet than the Potawatomi reservation, though he supposes they could be in Stockton or Hoxie by now.
a lunatic? Which one of us walked in here and said he was a ghost back from the dead? That ain’t even how ghosts work. If you were
Dean nods. “That’s fair. I’m sorry, Castiel, but I can’t help you.”
“Well,
“You can’t be here, you’re dead,” Dean says.
“You’re out of bed right now,” Castiel says.
“Well, keep it. It’ll die eventually, though. Gotta renew the spell once in a while.” Dean takes the jar and kisses the glass, muttering something that makes the light glow a little brighter. He wraps it back in the clothes and passes it to Castiel. “That oughta save you a couple weeks on lamp fuel and candles.”
He can do this.
Without warning, he suddenly springs to life again, knocking Castiel onto his back on the dirt floor of the barn. Castiel opens his mouth to complain, but Dean’s already working his jeans open, mouth lowering onto Castiel’s cock immediately. Castiel gasps, hands moving to grip Dean’s short, sweat-damp hair. He thanks God and all His angels for whatever genetic anomaly that allows Dean to take Castiel’s entire length into his mouth, his
“Who are all these people?” Castiel whispers to Dean.
There’s a massive, hand-drawn map on one wall, it’s of Kansas, and a bit of the surrounding territories. It’s covered in pins and labels. Vengeful Spirit, Lawrence. Siren, Carbondale. Djinn, Leavenworth. Possible Wendigo, Holbrook. Vampire, Dodge City. Vampire
“A family?”
“When did he die?”
Castiel’s eyes are filling with tears, and his heart is too broken to feel ashamed. “I saw him that day, he… he’d been bathing, and he looked so sad about something. Wouldn’t tell me what, but he hugged me so tight. I thought maybe his case was getting to him, I had… he didn’t say goodbye.”
For a moment Dean lies there, sated, movements slow as one finger traces Castiel’s lips. He is distractingly beautiful as always.
my brother to take her down, and we’re seasoned hunters. And I’m a damn
Castiel’s experience with men before Dean was fairly limited, but no man before him was so sensual, so free of the shame that follows so many men who love other men. It gives Castiel confidence, makes him feel more sexual than he normally would.
“You’re welcome to go steal something from my home in Wichita if you feel it would even the score.”
Castiel startles awake, naked and terribly confused until he remembers where he is. “I’m here!” he hollers. “I’m ah, indecent, ma’am.”
The conversation and the evening continue. There’s so much laughter and love in this room, Castiel feels honored to be a part of it. He finds himself smiling more than he has in a very long time.
are real?”
Castiel smiles down at Dean. “Yes. Toughen up.”
Castiel hasn’t read up on sirens yet, so he has no idea why everyone starts laughing.
“Well that ain’t true. You got me, and Sam already likes you.”
Sometimes, when they’re alone and back in the cellar, they explore each other with fingers and oil, sometimes they engage in some fairly aggressive and very illegal activities. On the road, though, it’s easier to find their pleasure this way.
“The point is, you wouldn’t have been able to kill her, you idiot. An Okami’s gotta be killed by a bamboo sword blessed by a Shinto priest from Japan. You got one of those? Maybe a stick of dynamite? A gun that can kill anything?”
is nonsense.
Good thing Castiel stole that machete.
Heaven is opening its arms, Castiel’s soul will pass through soon.
“Wh-wha—”
“I’m recovering,” Castiel says petulantly, slapping Dean’s hand away. Dean reaches down again, grabbing both of Castiel’s hands and pulling until he whines and stands.
After dinner and a serving of chamomile tea, Naomi tells Castiel to hurry off to bed, that he’ll want to hurry and get his chores out of the way early tomorrow if he has things to do in Lawrence.
Dean drops the ball into the grave, just as the mystery man reappears behind him. The man reaches forward as though he’s about to grab Dean, then freezes, throwing his head back and letting out an ungodly howl as his body erupts in flames and he disappears yet again.
Castiel gets a few good swipes in with the machete, but there’s three when Castiel was only expecting one. They easily overpower him, pin him to the ground. They look so human, until they open their mouths, baring their fangs. Terrifying, far more so than the sketches in the books Castiel read.
Castiel feels his cheeks heat up before the occupants blessedly turn their attention back to each other.
“Like Jimmy.”
“No.”
“So much
” Dean mutters. It’s Latin, but Castiel’s ability to understand Latin tends to require it being written, not spoken. “Tell me who you are,” Dean hisses.
Garth,” Jo says.
They reach their destination after the sun has set, and Castiel is dismayed to see that their destination is a cemetary. Grave robbing it is. Perhaps that’s how they finance their travels.
“Graceful one, you are.”
Sam seems to be doing most of the talking, face and posture very sympathetic, offering comforting gestures to what Castiel assumes is a grieving widow. Dean stands silent next to them, slouched slightly and frowning deeply, one hand in the pocket of his duster, the other gripping the strap of the duffel bag slung over his shoulder. At one point the woman begins gesticulating wildly to the north, and Dean’s posture goes a bit rigid. He says something that makes the widow take both of his hands and then hug him before hurrying off back into the library. Sam and Dean stare at each other for a moment, then nod simultaneously and start walking north.
And that’s the last thing Castiel hears before he loses consciousness.
Dean grins, looking proud. “Hunters, mostly. Some are retired, like Bobby and Rufus there. We do this every few months. Usually here at Bobby’s. We swap stories and relics, eat good food, toast the dead, introduce newbies.”
“You know this isn’t a spell, right? I wouldn’t… I don’t—”
Cas,” Dean says, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. “Someone’s got a dirty mouth.” He crawls over Castiel, kissing him deep; another act Castiel wouldn’t have imagined himself doing before he met Dean. Kissing a lover that’s just brought him to completion with his mouth… obscene.
“A training aid.”
“Here we are, son, you good to go?” the man on the horse in front of him says.
“Hold still,” Dean says sternly.
Castiel turns his head toward Dean to find him doing the same. The moon is nearly full, it illuminates his features so beautifully. “Do you really mean that?” Castiel says softly.
“Oh no, my horse…”
perks.”
“You can do your magical projection thing, but
Castiel’s dreams are peaceful, uncomplicated.
“More like a calling. Once in a while we do get paid, but… not everyone reacts all calm like you when they hear about ghosts and witchcraft. More than one hunter’s been shot or strung up because people got scared.”
“Well… not
“I have a house in Wichita, I wouldn’t say I have a life there,” he says. Their voices are hushed, even though there’s no one for miles around. “I could see… I could see myself sticking around. Seeing as I’m your… apprentice, and all.”
Sam goes to help Dean up, and Dean bats him away like a stubborn child before finally letting Sam pull him to his feet. Sam gestures at the grave, and Dean dusts himself off before holding out one hand. A ball of fire appears in his palm.
Castiel drinks those words in, savoring them. The way Dean is looking at him right now… it
Castiel never thought of it like that. He can’t help but think he’s a bit old to be an apprentice, but one must start at the bottom.
“It was… enchanting,” Castiel says, not aware of the double meaning until Dean gets an odd look on his face.
“What can I do for you, deputy?”
The man doesn’t show up again. Sam and Dean fill the grave back in, and as far as Castiel can tell, they don’t take anything. He hides behind a mausoleum as the Winchesters go back the way they came. He can’t bring himself to follow them any longer. Soon, the Winchesters are out of sight and Castiel is standing alone in a cemetery.
Having a horse makes canvassing the town for information faster, but unfortunately all that means is Castiel gets to be told “Sorry, can’t help you” by a larger number of people than he would’ve on foot. Frustrating. Castiel believes the lead he got in Leavenworth was real, that the Winchesters were indeed headed this way, but maybe his information was bad. Or maybe, once again, they’ve already left.
“Singer,” the man says, “and no. I’m in charge of this drugstore, not much time to keep up with local felons.”
It’s then that Castiel notices the disruption in the even coverage of dust on the floor, under and around the chair. The dust definitely seems thinner here, in an area of maybe four square feet.
“Heard there was a deputy lookin’ for me,” the man says, setting the poster down. It’s then that Castiel sees his face, and his hand immediately goes for the gun holstered on his hip.
“I’d be more attentive were I on a hunt and not in a secret basement.”
the price was me feeling like I’d been trampled by a horse while I puked my guts out.”
. I don’t suppose you have some sort of spell to turn this pile of hay into a pile of goose down or duck feathers?”
“Hexed with what?”
“I know, but you might think of things no one else has. New spells.”
The light’s not great in here, but Castiel is fairly certain he just saw Dean roll his eyes.
Dean’s responding smile is beautiful in the light of the full moon. “With whatever tools I have at my disposal.”
When Castiel finally reaches Lawrence, he waits until night before getting close to the town, and risks tying Angel up outside the Winchester home instead of taking her to the livery. Better to reduce the chances of anyone noticing he’s here and ratting him out to Dean. He goes to the cellar entrance, pushing hard on that bolted down chair until it opens, and then he climbs his way down to the large, empty room hidden beneath the surface. He’s got food from a store over in Perry, composition notebooks, a couple of red cedar pencils, and he knows the Winchesters have fountain pens.
Dean snorts. “Yeah I pissed in her rosebush when I was ten, she never really forgave me.”
“I spent my night hunting the damn Okami.”
The room gets very quiet. Castiel looks around, concerned he said something wrong.
Dean sighs. “I don’t know if mistake is the right word, but… well Sammy and I used to hunt with our dad before he died well over a decade ago. And Dad, he taught us to kill everything we came across, every supernatural thing out there.”
Inside is a metal ladder, which seems to go down for ten, twenty feet. There’s light at the bottom, but Castiel hears no voices, no panicked movement.
“Ok… ok. This is fine. I’ve got you Dean,” Cas says. He’s panicking and struggling to keep that panic from edging its way into his scent. Dean needs him to stay level for him, and he’s bound and determined to be everything Dean could ever want in an alpha from this second until the heat is over… or forever. Yes, forever sounds perfectly well and good to Cas right about now considering… the cinnamon.
His question hung in the air, Cas taking his time to give him any sort of answer, or even sound in acknowledgment. For a second, Dean let himself entertain the idea that Cas didn’t want this moment to end any more than he did.
Jo approached, followed by Sam. She had a red pen and squeezed her arm between Bobby’s and Dean’s, to doodle on the map. “We’ve narrowed it down to these options.” She said as she circled two towns a few hundred miles apart. Dean couldn’t even tell what country it was yet. He looked at Sam begrudgingly.
he thought, grabbing her wrist gently, and turning her toward him, her back against the door. And when she didn’t flinch or hesitate, he accepted it as
“Your bravery makes you foolish, Dean Winchester.”
“You go first,” Dean said, followed by a nervous laugh for some reason.
“Hey,” Sam pushed Dean’s feet away. “I was actually trying to do some research, on the light source you saw.”
“Will you be alright?” It was weird to hear the harshness back into Castiel’s voice, but while the look on his face was a perfect mask of his emotions, his eyes somehow held all the softness and warmth that he had shown before, and Dean couldn’t help but comfort him.
, Dean thought. At that exact moment, she turned around and her face turned into a smile of recognition,
“Yes, I’ll keep checking in here and leave notes inside the Vonnegut book,” Castiel repeated his instructions.
“Come on,” Cas said as he started leading him out of the room, never letting go of his hand until they reached the tiny bathroom.
He tried to shrug get out of his jacket, but it was proving hard to do, his arms weren’t cooperating as he needed them to, and his head felt heavy, his eyes heavier even, and the room kept spinning. Losing his balance he gripped whatever closest to him, which turned out to be Cas’s arm, who reacted by sliding his arm behind Dean’s back, supporting almost all his weight, like it was nothing.
This is also where I have been posting previews of the new chapters every Sunday, so if you want to get a sneak peek of what happens in chapter 12 be sure to keep an eye out for the next one :)
“And I think you’re being a dumbass,” Bobby looked at him from his chair. “Don’t start putting yourself in unnecessary danger, wasn’t nearly dying last week enough of a thrill-ride for ya?”
“That’s why you sounded so distressed?” Cas frowned and Dean would almost swear he was incredulous. “Because you thought I was amongst the angels who got killed in the negotiation?”
The asphalt felt unwelcoming, freezing the bottom of his jeans where he sat. It was a cold December night, but he couldn’t move.
Dean’s eyes widened in surprise, but his face caught up in disdain, his dad
“Over my dead body, Cas. He’s gone, you on the other hand are still here. You heard him, someone has to step up and it’s gotta be you. How will you do that if you’re dead, huh?” He knew he was being way too harsh with him. Dean knew that if it were Sammy in that cave, he wouldn’t hesitate in going back, even if it meant going over Cas to do so.
Like hell, he would.
he did know everything there was to know about angels.
Gabriel laughed too, looking at Dean as if he’d found a worthy opponent, and something in Castiel stung, as he watched Gabriel and Dean maintaining eye-contact.
This caught Dean’s attention. “Wait, Gabriel, as in
he grabbed the bag, against his body, making it stop and let himself slide down, until he was sitting on the floor, head between his knees, allowing his voice to crack as he let himself cry it out. -
Easier said than done. His blood boiled, rising behind his neck, turning his cheeks a crimson color no poker face could save.
In reality, Dean could think of a handful of things he should tell Cas, that he wanted to tell Cas, but he just couldn’t. He could hear Sam’s, annoying, voice in the back of his head, calling him
“I’m not leaving him here.” was all Dean got, from Castiel’s gritted teeth. “You need to go, I’ll hold them back.”
“So,” He tried to change the topic of the conversation, and curiosity having the best of him, he probed a little deeper, “Anything else that you’ve never tried?”
“It’s easy, if you know where to find them,” Cas smiled. “Here, you can see the Ursa Major- it’s Latin for what you may find referred to as the greater bear, ” he pointed to a group of stars above them.
“You’re very observant,” Curt nodded, “but yes your city has been planning a negotiation with the angels.”
When he felt like the fire had gone out, and every breath he took didn’t feel like a stab in the chest, he slowly lifted his head, searching for Cas’s eyes. He found them just below his, staring back up at him. Cas was kneeling on the floor in front of him, his expression wasn’t worried anymore, even though now would be the time Dean would expect it to be, instead, it was calm, and he could even go as far as saying he could see a small smile drawn in his lips.
He swiftly opened the door, trying to make as little sound as possible, and let go of Dean’s shoulder as he stepped inside, feeling Dean walk into the room after him. One, however, could hardly call it a room; it was a closet and Cas realized this too late, because he crashed into a few of the cleaning supplies that were stored in a vertical shelf cabinet, and Dean couldn’t help but crash right into
as he began to punch, sloppy and carelessly, the bag started hitting him in the arms, his knees giving in a little -
Cas nodded along, but his face betrayed that he wanted to ask something else. Dean raised his eyebrows letting him know he could.
Dean’s heart was nearly beating out of his fucking chest, he wanted to keep his hands steady by his sides but they insisted on trembling - whether it was the cold, plain weariness, or his nerves finally catching up to him, he didn’t know - so, he closed them into fists, and tried to steady his breath.
“You’re safe here Dean,” Cas’s voice was soft and slow, his hand was still resting on Dean's arm, and Dean didn’t want him to let go just yet. “You’re okay,” the calm voice added.
“They’re coming in by the dozens” Cas’s eyes were closed, and Dean assumed he was talking about angels. As soon as Cas’d said it, there it was, the thump down over their heads, of angels - lots of them. There was only one way out, and they needed to go through it in a matter of seconds, or they were sitting ducks. “Let’s go.” Cas conceded at last, with one final, and despairing look at Gabriel.
They hid, crouching next to the tire of the nearest truck, the voices becoming clearer with every second passing as they’d gotten as close as they could without being detected. Dean could see, from his angle, three men making their way out of the warehouse. He elbowed Cas, stepping back so he could see too.
They laughed even harder when after a while Dean managed to persuade Bobby to tell them his exact words. All three of them were crying with laughter by the third time Dean asked Bobby to repeat himself.
He tried to step forward, but a strong hand slammed against his chest and stopped him.
He wasn’t in control anymore, basic instincts had taken over, all his blood was being pumped to his extremities, urging him to move, to run, to get the hell out of dodge, leaving his brain, and his mouth, with not enough oxygen to make him think things before he said them. Dean hadn’t even been sure about it, but now it was out, like a huge zeppelin between them, and there was no use, no time, to try and rail it back in. If this was it for them, he might as well get it out.
“Yeah, well don’t get used to it,” Sam huffed.
“That’s not what I’m talking about, and you know it.” He wanted to stop talking, but he couldn’t, it was out of his control now. He didn’t care how he sounded, that he sounded weak, and hurt. All he cared about now was to have Cas say anything, either way, to put him out of his misery. If Cas was going to die in this war, and he seemed determined to do so, he had to know.
Castiel couldn’t shake the feeling that his life would forever be marked;
Dean tried but couldn’t steady his breath, it felt like every time he thought he’d be able to calm down, a new wave of unleashed sobs tried to tear through him, but he wouldn’t let them. His heart felt like it was about to explode, and as much as he gasped for air, he still didn’t feel like he was breathing, at all.
“Yes, a terrible inconvenience,” Once again Metatron's face didn't show a trace of emotion. “Don’t you worry, I have got it all under control.”
He didn’t get anything but a sort of grunt of agreement. He wondered if Cas was finding this as difficult as he was, after all the angel probably considered him a friend too.
“Well, it sure as hell fits the description of our little Wolfman and co,” Dean said while reaching for his car keys in his pocket.
When the shock of all the running and zapping had passed, when the adrenaline had started to fail him, Dean had sat down on the front porch, his legs almost singing in relief. Then, he’d shot Sam a text asking him to come meet him.
"Really open your eyes."
everything, because he was an angel, and the one who dragged him into this in the first place.
, but all he found on the pages of chapter 121 was his last note to Cas, still neatly folded as he’d left it. Dean took it out and shook the book open, maybe Cas had gotten the page wrong.
“A little help here!” Dean called out in hope Sam or Bobby would hear him and hurry up.
Dean’s breathing was ragged and failing him more with every passing second, like he couldn’t catch his breath. He could hear the distant noise of the angels looking for them, the leaves and sticks cracking under their feet. Time was running out on this conversation, but Dean was sure Cas wouldn’t start being careful with himself
“Oh come on! You son of a bitch.” Dean kicked the nearest object in his range and scolded again when the object turned out to be solid rock.
“Speaking of distasteful affairs, I also learned about your little human rendezvous,” Gabriel’s face looked smug.
, but not cold, never cold. He thought back a few hours, to when he’d said it - he just couldn’t have helped it, looking at Cas looking at the stars, a smile on his lips and
“I can show you?” Castiel didn’t sound confident in his decision.
Metatron nodded along, “Well, you see… angels like us, we’re powerful.” a condescending smirk curling on his lips. “Which is why, Castiel, I value you. You’re more than a soldier, more than a blindly herded sheep. And it is also why I will give you the benefit of the doubt, if you think it’s best to keep the Winchesters alive, I trust your judgment. I will not question your familiarity with them, or well one in particular.”
He could practically see smoke coming out of his dad’s ears, and in the blink of an eye, he was already dodging the impact of the open-handed slap coming towards his face. But this wouldn’t be like every other time, because Dean was furious. He was angry and the rage had built inside of him, all directed at the sorry son of bitch who passed for his father.
Dean quickly stepped over the body, reaching for his younger brother who was now slumped against the wall. He knelt down next to Sam, who seemed to be unconscious.
Cas coughed and looked up at the sky, clearly eager to change the subject - this seemed like a common practice between them, which didn’t bode well.
He was trying hard to think of anything other than their bodies being so close together, he could practically feel the heat radiating off Castiel. It was fine if the angel wanted nothing to do with him, but if that was the case, Dean thought, why the hell couldn’t he just
“Alright,” the angel didn’t seem up for more questions.
The muzzle blast echoed through the cave, and Gabriel shuddered at it. His clothes were torn and ugly gashes painted his skin, blood still oozing, and Dean was pretty sure it looked fresh.
He wasn’t sure what he just did, but Dean was pretty certain that while slipping the angel’s name into his thoughts, he’d actually prayed to him. That was kind of how praying to Cas worked,
but this was definitely not the time - Cas’ brothers and sisters had just been outright murdered, by his people, and he didn’t want to add any more to the mess, it was complicated enough as this weird, tense, friendship they had going. So he would just have to
“Whatever,” Dean replied dryly, not wanting to give Sam the satisfaction of getting annoyed. “We still going over to their place for dinner tomorrow?”
Because in that moment, Dean’s whole body seemed to melt with the heat, with this proximity - he could, in just a small hip movement, close the distance between them at any moment. Dean amused that thought, just for a second, his blood pumping straight to his groin, making it very difficult not to give in to it, his hips just begging for him to lean in just a little.
Dean opened his mouth to say something, but hastily closed it again, pursing his lips shut, he had no idea what to tell him.
“Sounds good to me, in the meantime, I’m starving,” Dean looked down at his painfully growling stomach. “They have some of the best bacon cheeseburgers in this town, so if you need me, you’ll know where to find me.”
Dean didn’t need to be told twice. He immediately yanked the door open and his insides grew cold when he saw his little brother covered in blood. Someone or
“If what you say is true, and there is an attack planned, I am the only one who can put a stop to it. Alas, I cannot do it from here.” Michael tilted his head, in search of a glimpse of understanding in Dean’s expression, and when he couldn’t find it, he continued. “You need to help me get out of here.”
After his training, he made his way over to the armory, where he knew his dad would be. Every time that his dad had an important meeting he would make a habit out of cleaning his weapons, Dean guessed it was a nervous tick.
to him.
“Wouldn’t you? If they shoved your big boss away in a cell?” Bobby
human. Dean was clever and cunning, there was no denying it, but he was also smart. Gabriel seemed to share the same train of thought, as he looked at Castiel. “Then, who is the righteous man?”
And here it was again,
“What if he just didn’t want to take advantage of you?” Sam asked, his eyebrows shot up, in genuine concern.
“So what did you guys get up to? You spent a whole week somewhere God knows where.” Sam was side-eyeing him, obviously waiting for Dean to open up. But he had no idea where to start, and it was not like they’d done
And she did. The bottle emptied into the glass, filling it until it was empty again and then he’d do it again. Dean let his anger boil just under the surface, drinking it away, thinking of what he’d say to the angel, how he’d make him confess. And his father… There was no way he could confront him without exposing himself, but he had no idea how he’d look him in the eyes after knowing what he did. How a man with such moral standards, supposedly, had tossed them all out of the window, giving the enemy all the ammo they needed to destroy his family? And for what? For intel on a war that always loomed, but never seemed to come?
“Damn, they’re putting a gun in Jo’s hands?” Dean sighed.
Half a bottle in, he decided to stop.
name, of all things, repetitively, as if repaying all of Dean’s prayers into this one word, repeated to the exponent of madness. Cas’s hands framed his jaw, his thumb brushing softly against his temple. Dean felt dizzy with the way every touch unchained a new reaction like it was too much for his body to handle, it felt warm and devastatingly electric. He could feel every wall ever put up between them crumble, or maybe just expanding, trying to make room for this feeling he didn’t even know was humanly possible. And if it wasn’t so goddamn amazing, it would probably scare him so much he’d never attempt to do it again.
The way they had been chased, and attacked, the way Cas seemed more than eager to let himself get killed, the way Dean had blurted out the one thing he’d never thought he would even feel, let alone yell at someone as they ran for their lives… Yeah, this whole day had been difficult, but letting Cas go, after all that, had been harder.
“Fine, we’ll tell him.” Dean finally agreed. “You guys find out if dad still has it, or if he’s hidden it somewhere in the meantime.”
“Look, maybe if you ask your mom beforehand next time you can join us on a routine mission,” Sam said apologetically. Dean wanted to kick him in the leg.
“You wanna take a picture, Bobby? It’ll last longer” Dean smiled sarcastically, but he didn’t dare look at the older hunter for more than a few seconds. If there was one person he had real trouble lying to - it was Bobby. Dean didn’t know whether Bobby had seen John at all today, or if someone might have told him that John looked like he had gone ten rounds with Mike Tyson. If that were to be the case, Bobby would definitely be wondering how Dean was still able to walk, talk and breathe.
“Well this is awkward,” he said as he pulled down the denim jeans to uncover his legs.
“The only way you can get out once you’re in, is with Michael’s help. Now, archangel grace is powerful enough to zap out of there, warding and all. But-” Dean remembered the amulet Cas kept around his neck. His grace. He held it outside of him, as a sort of second battery, he’d told him. So, Dean figured, it was possible to take all of it and hold it on the outside too. It was probably what Curtis-the-angel-hunter-mole was doing himself, to get into the city through the warding. It was entirely possible that Michael had been stripped of his grace so he could be contained.
“I can’t tell you what to do, there is something you must see first before you decide, but you must see this for yourself.”
“Don’t forget to take a satellite phone,” Sam added, to the already long list of advice, “and call me when you get there, keep updating us.”
Cas continued, stepping another inch closer, and just like that, he could breathe again. “But I can’t die knowing you love me too.” Cas’s eyes fell to the floor, and Dean thought he looked like he would just break apart now, body slumping down and his frame looking smaller and more fragile than Dean knew it to be. He felt like wrapping his arms around and holding him tight, as if an embrace could fix anything. As if all that was wrong with the world was this distance between them, this cliff of a distance, begging to be crossed, and as if he could do it and the night would fade, and the sun would shine.
“No, he hasn’t been home a whole lot since you left, either.” Sam’s brow furrowed and Dean knew something was brewing, Sam had probably already figured that out too judging by the grimace on his face.
When they were close enough for Bobby to completely deck him if he wanted to, Dean braced himself for what was about to come. Bobby would probably lay it on him, that he was an absolute idiot, an ass-backward moron who went and got himself mixed up in stuff he shouldn't be and now was dragging them all with him.
“Oh, I just needed to get my dad’s journal, he left it here by accident and he needs it in his hunt.” Dean knew this was a stupid excuse, Jonh would never have left it behind, and even if he did, he would have never sent Dean to get it.
“Ah, I wondered when I would have the pleasure to meet you, Dean,” The figure spoke, his head heavy, eyes on the floor beneath “I have been waiting for you to stop by.”
“Now you’re getting it.”
“Hey Cas,” He walked in as Cas stepped back into the room. He wore a pale greenish button-up, and a pair of jeans Dean could easily identify as his own. Giving it an inspecting look, he also figured that the angel was also wearing his shirt, he just wasn’t used to seeing it over bare skin - Dean used it mostly to layer between a t-shirt and a jacket.
“It’s not funny, Dean,” Castiel said in a voice that made Dean laugh even harder.  ”It just kept multiplying and rising and then I could hardly see the room anymore.”
He had no idea what would go down tonight, if the angels and hunters would manage to peacefully work things out or if it would turn ugly real quick, and what if Cas would be there? The way he’d been called out so late at night, and how he left in such a hurry, gave Dean a really tight feeling in his gut, like a hand gripping him from the inside.
did this angel know his name? And even more disturbing, how did he know Dean was coming?
It was foolish, really, he knew that Heaven probably existed outside the realm of space and time, and not really up in the clouds. But he couldn’t help but picture it hanging over his head, pearly gates and all. His eyes dropped back down to his baby’s shadow, and what looked like someone’s shadow next to it. Dean squinted, confused, he was sure that wasn’t there before. He stared some more, and when it wasn’t moving, he got up, grabbed his gun from the table, and carefully made his way outside.
Gracy's diner was definitely one of Dean's favorite places to enjoy a good burger. Dean licked his lips at the sight in front of him; a beer, bacon cheeseburger, and a slice of apple pie. The cute waitress he just chatted up was about to finish her shift. He grinned, life was good.
“Yeah well, you’re about to be more stressed out.” Dean gave him fair warning disguised by humor. “You sure you don’t want to continue living in ignorant bliss?”
right, like freeing the archangel who can help end this!” Cas’s voice was urgent now as if begging for Dean to understand, but he didn’t. He couldn’t. “I’ve rebelled for this, Dean, I can’t go back! If we can’t pull this off, I’m as good as dead.”
, and he didn’t feel like arguing with logic, so he didn’t. Cas didn’t refuse when Dean offered him to share the bed,
“They are coming around, they just need a bit more time to adjust.”
There was no other reason an angel would get close to him in the first place. Dean had wondered over and over again why Castiel had chosen him, of all the humans, to manifest himself, and now he knew - this was why. He’d been played and the thought of his father’s
Castiel’s expression turned unreadable for a second before he released the grip on Dean’s hand and pulled his own back. But before Dean could worry about the sudden reticence, the hand moved slowly towards his face until it gently brushed against his temple.
“Maybe,” that slight grin again “But I want to show you.”
Dean did his best attempt at looking terribly offended. Cas seemed amused by it. “Do you want me to share the conclusion I was mentioning this morning, or are you going to keep boasting?”
"Mine," he simply stated as if it was obvious.
“Well for one, you could have combed your hair this morning,” Dean grinned knowing he had hit a nerve with his younger brother.
Somewhere in the back of his mind images flashed through, memories of all their fleeting glances, of hasted touches and hushed conversations, of all the times Dean had had to remind himself that this wasn’t okay. A voice, deep down, warned him that falling for an angel was intrinsically wrong, that he was a hunter, and Cas was an angel, and even if he could get past this himself, Cas probably never would. He replayed the moment Cas had told him it was
For a second neither of them moved, and in that moment Dean could swear that Castiel could see right through every part of him. And then, as if by some unspoken rule, they simultaneously leaned back into the couch, the acceptable space back in between them.
Dean seemed overwhelmed by this, “Look man, as much as I’d love to help, I’m pretty sure you’ve got the wrong guy. There’s nothing righteous about me.”
doing the right thing, but doing the right thing had never looked like defying orders before, so his every instinct kept telling him that something was wrong, that he was straying from the righteous path. He had to keep setting himself on the right path, remembering Gabriel’s words ‘
“My dear Uriel, that is the exact behavior we want to encourage.” Metatron, the angel that was sitting to his right, replied.
Dean’s lips twitched, in the smallest smile he could muster at the moment, a somber feeling in the small of his back. Gabriel had been captured, there was no telling if he even was alive, and Cas was about to off go on his own, putting himself at the same risk. Come morning, he might not come back, Dean knew that. He nodded, like some sort of shitty goodbye, just in case. Cas’s eyes didn’t leave his. Dean didn’t know how, didn’t know why or when he’d started feeling like this, he just knew, as he held his hand in place, in the firm guise of a handshake, that it would be painful if he would have to let go forever.
He knew perfectly well Bobby didn’t know about the ambush before it happened - he had seen his reaction, and there was no doubt about it. But there was something Bobby could know.
“It’s a joke, Dean.” Castiel felt the need to clarify, starting to feel bad for Dean’s nerves.
“John,” Bobby moved to stand in between father and son.
“Alright, sure,” Dean had about enough of the angel’s attitude. “Where do you wanna meet?”
Sam took off at around eleven, even though Dean had practically begged him to stay, he told him he was tired. “You didn’t really dig any graves tonight, did you?”
He just had a lot on his mind, that was all, and of course, the booze didn’t help. He figured, with his dad constantly on top of him, and the fighting, it was all just too much. His mind went over this reasoning again and again, in a piss poor attempt to convince himself, more than anyone else. This had to be the reason for his pathetic escape, what else was there?
“Run!” Castiel yelled out, and it took Dean less than a second to figure out why. More angels were coming. “I’m right behind you!” he reassured him, and Dean chose to trust him, chose to hear the words for what he wanted them to be -
Dean felt the thumb on his back brushing in small, circular motions against his skin, and he felt himself relax more than he thought was wise, more than he knew he could handle, and so, it wasn’t long before he gave up and allowed his fingers to wander over the exposed skin, aching to touch more of Cas, to know the pathways he could only dream of going through again, and again. He gently traced every inch of Castiel’s stomach starting over his navel and sliding upwards in a slow and steady motion, gliding over his ribs, his finger falling into the crevices where there was no bone, and climbing again where there was, all the way up to his chest. He could feel the angel shiver under his touch, breath heavier than before and he could swear both of their hearts were beating faster, and for a second he wondered if he had gone too far, somehow crossing an unspoken boundary. Reluctantly, he dropped his hand to rest on Cas’s chest, over his heart, feeling it calm down. He really had to stop pretending this was anything more than it was,
“It's not of any importance, you won't see me again.”
before blowing him off?
“As soon as I catch my breath?” Dean chuckled, exhaustion finally catching up to him.
There was little space between them, barely enough for another person to squeeze through, maybe. “What are you thinking about?.” Dean licked his bottom lip leaving a streak of glistening saliva, making it look redder and plumper, and Castiel realized he was staring.
Cas had stepped forward, towards him, but when Dean looked away, instinctively - he wasn’t used to letting anyone but Sam or Bobby see him like this, and he certainly didn’t want Cas to see it -  Cas stopped in his tracks, hovering by the door, wide-eyed.
lifting weights or doing push up after push up, but this, he actually enjoyed.
Dean Winchester planned to let go of every angel-related event that had happened the past couple of weeks. He wanted to move on and forget the whole thing ever happened. Sam, however, seemed to have the exact opposite idea. He kept bringing up the mysterious healing incidents, which by now were plural,
“Yeah, I needed fresh clothes.” John seemed to shrug off the lack of Dean’s wounds, maybe he was being paranoid, his dad probably just attributed it to Dean being young. “And I’ve been meaning to see you.” That part made Dean’s insides feel strung out, a strange mix of childish joy at having his dad’s attention, but mostly a wary pang in the back of his stomach.
His heartbeat fastened, he’d left that note four days ago, which meant that the book hadn’t been touched since he left, no one had been here since. He tried to ignore the rise of panic in his chest, pushing it down with some, much-needed, common sense. All things considered, Dean knew Castiel was a powerful angel, he had said so himself every damn time Dean brought up his concerns, there was no way the hunters had gotten to him. He would know, he would have heard something by now, from someone in the city, Cas was just busy, maybe he’d forgotten about their agreement to check in with each other.
something they would never laugh about.
“I’m afraid I can’t let you leave Gabriel.” Adina’s tone was no longer contrite, instead laced with poignant warning.
“Cas, what does your heaven look like?” Dean didn’t know if this was overstepping but there were so many things he wanted to ask the angel
An unhappy gruntle preceded the actual words that came from the other end of the line. Dean nodded at the information, and thanked Bobby for it, saying his goodbyes.
“Well don’t you think it’s a little odd that the moment we capture the angels’ leader they go radio silent?” Bobby’s question drowned out the hunters’ voices.
“Dean just lay back and close your eyes.”
He didn’t know if angels rolled their eyes, but he could have sworn he just saw Castiel do so. Dean raised his eyebrows, just when he thought the angel couldn’t get more snarky.
, his mind drifted to what Sam would say if he saw him like this, getting stood up, most likely, he would never hear the end of it.
“Yeah, thanks for the reminder,” Dean huffed, and raised his eyebrows, “You egged her house.”
"What you're seeing is a memory, if you will. It's what your city once looked like before the humans settled here."
“Yeah, the whole internet research thing that you’re so fond of.”
Before Dean could take a step back though, Cas started standing up, foam still covering most of him.
Dean couldn’t really ignore the flutter inside,
“I’m sure part of that is just because of the way he looks.” Dean tried to calm him. “Like a little, frustrated hobbit.”
“Why?” Castiel found himself saying. Apparently, Gabriel had more thoughts than he’d shared with him before.
“What is it about, then? Because you don’t talk to me, Dean, and believe it or not, angels can’t read minds.” Cas was agitated, understandably so. Dean had been absolutely exasperating ever since they’d had to run without Gabriel. Cas kept trying to find ways to go back and free him, but it was obviously a suicide run, and hell if Dean would let him do it.
“Let’s go,” Cas carefully pushed the door open and they slid inside, and after closing the door behind them Dean pulled the light string that hung from the ceiling. Looking around they realized the whole floor was covered in cardboard boxes
.” And there it was, the
“Yeah, she would murder us,” Dean put emphasis on the word murder.
“Well, I'd say there's room to argue, but then I guess angels can’t even get constipated.”
“Well if you insist on putting it like that… yes,” Metatron replied calmly.
“Dean, you don’t have to-”
“Huh, isn’t that guy a little, I don’t know, old- to be plotting a whole ass coupe against the city?”
Dean tried to listen for any signs of movement, but the only thing he could hear was his own damn heartbeat, too loud - he wondered for a moment if Cas could hear it too, but hoped to hell that he didn’t.
“You’re right, it’s all quite repetitive.” John walked towards the table where various torture devices were displayed. “How about we try something new?” He smirked.
“I think I can get one. I’m sure his personnel file has a picture, we’ll just get it. I have to go meet Rufus anyway, so I think I can snoop around in there.” Jo assured him.
“Hello Dean,” Castiel greeted him, that deep voice of his starting to feel strangely familiar in his ears.
“Hey!” Sam interrupted, reaching his arm between the two of them, in the little space they left for their chests to swell up with the anger that was brewing. “ Hey! I’m perfectly fine taking care of myself if you two haven’t noticed - I'm a grown-ass adult.”
Dean hesitated, he really wasn’t a fan of leaving the angel alone with Sam. But the angel had a point. A stupid, obnoxious, and annoying but fair point. He slowly got up, making sure that Sam’s limp body was still resting against the brick wall.
“It’s heavily warded,” Cas told him and Gabriel. “It’s powerful enough to keep an archangel powerless, there is no way I can break these.” He was angry, grabbing the bars and shaking them in despair, not minding how his palms sizzled at the touch. The smell of burnt flesh, much like the smell of burnt pork, was filling Dean’s nostrils.
Dean felt his blood run cold as all of the puzzle pieces clicked together, how had he not thought of this before? How had he not noticed that the mole had been right in front of him this whole time, playing him like a puppet. Fuck, this was a new level of stupid, ever for him. Every question Curt had perfectly answered, that time Curt had saved his ass from trouble, the way he pretended to be an angel hunter, when in fact he was an actual angel, Dean felt infinitely stupid. He made sure to add Curt, or whatever his name was, to the growing list of angels he would gladly take out if he would ever get the chance.
“Can we talk? ” The seriousness in his tone clearly took Cas by surprise, but he nodded in agreement. “I have questions Cas, and as much as we can pretend that we’re just a couple of normal guys, you’re not normal, I mean- you’re an angel, and there are these questions I just can’t keep avoiding.” Dean’s voice sounded almost apologetic, he didn’t want to put him on the spot.
“I don’t know,” Dean looked over at him as he stuffed his hands deeper inside his jacket, and Castiel wondered if he was cold. “I guess they’re just not convinced that he doesn’t know what they’re asking of him.”
“You must be excited for tonight,” his brother patted the spot next to him on the couch as Dean made his way to the fridge to get himself a beer.
Dean knew how to do,
Sam was doing his best, but he didn’t even have the full story. This was way more complicated than Dean made it out to be. It wasn’t just a guy, and this wasn’t just about feeling rejected. Even though it was, a little. A lot maybe. Still, there were bigger issues at hand, and maybe this was fine, maybe it was for the best, just having some time apart. Dean could use some alone time, he was sure the way he felt toward Castiel was clouding his judgment, and he couldn't afford that, soon he’d have to make a decision that would alter the course of his life and he couldn’t afford to be biased.
“One of them was an angel,” Cas’ cut through the silence and added to Dean’s state of shock with yet another piece of shocking information. He couldn’t even register what Cas had just said.  “His name is Gadreel.”
“I was thinking more along the lines of mini-golf or something” Dean tried to avoid the question, he didn’t need to give Cas a picture of him in a bubble bath. “But yeah man why not, you should totally try a bubble bath.”
Dean started putting the groceries away and taking out what he needed for pancakes -
Dean about choked on the piece of chicken in his mouth...
“An old buddy of mine called, said there were some strange things happening near his garage in Pittsburg.”
that?" Dean asked, he had been curious about that bright light since he’d first seen it.
Dean thought. He turned back to the cute waitress only to find that she had disappeared. What the-
“Huh, no hellfire just yet”.
“So you’re planning on taking over daddy’s job then?” Gabriel said, mockery thick in his voice.
He’d been actively avoiding his dad for the past few weeks, for a number of reasons. For one, he wasn’t sure he could talk to the man without losing it, after what Michael had told him. After that, he got to find his dad in the warehouse when he was supposedly on a hunt in Milwaukee, but he was actually striking deals with some angel. And just last night, his dad had caught Dean trying to sneak into his office. So, to say that they had a major bone to pick with each other was a massive understatement, and Dean was sure it wouldn’t end well for either of them. As much as he felt like confronting his dad, he knew it would probably be best to just let him simmer down for a while.
Dean decided getting up was probably better for the conversation they were about to have. He went to lean against the wall across from his dad, where he could watch John better. His dad looked tired, there were bags under his eyes and his shirt was filled with multiple stains, his hair was a mess and he was unshaven, judging by the look of it he had been for days.
are you?”
When he got to the front door, he noticed there was no truck parked in the driveway, which could mean that John wasn’t home, or that the truck was at the shop. Dean was crossing his fingers for the first option. He took a deep breath preparing for the worst, but hoping for the best, and walked in.
Months had gone by without another obligatory family dinner, but tonight Ellen had somehow managed to hunt all of them down and talked them into coming over. While Dean had never really minded the dinners, he was in no hurry to push the just concluded truce between him and his dad. He had been doing a great job of keeping their conversations to a civilized minimum, just to keep John’s suspicions at bay.
Dean shrugged the thoughts away, as best as he could - but lately, he never seemed to quite be able to put angel-related thoughts away, it was always there, in the back of his mind. And nights were the worst - he’d toss and turn before falling asleep, with thoughts of angels and demons, and hunting, but one angel occupied most of his thoughts - Castiel. And then he’d fall asleep and, like in a weird fever dream, images and moments all mangled together. Sometimes it was just a replay of the day’s events, other times dream-Dean made things he just wished he could do. And on occasion, he had terrible dreams - where John made him kill Castiel, or John himself would kill Castiel, Sam killing Castiel - whoever it was, Cas always ended up dead, and Dean would always wake up in a panting, sweat ridden panic.
“You’re not going to like this.” He warned.
He had been holding onto them for so long, scared that if he admitted them, it would make it actually real. However, he knew that argument was total bullshit because he knew that his feelings for Cas were the closest he’d ever even come to anything real. Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad to actually tell someone the thoughts that had been haunting his mind and consuming his dreams. He was drowning in them anyway, what was the worst that could happen by telling Jo? Maybe that was all he needed, to just get it off his chest, out of his system.
"Whenever an angel uses their... power, we have to use our grace, as a power source if you will.
The angel did have a point, that was twice already, and Dean hated it.
“Yes, angels are far more interesting creatures,” Curt seemed to grimace at the taste of the beer, and Dean couldn’t help but wonder if he had ever met anyone in the same field of work who didn’t like beer, but made no note of that. He could tell this dude liked to talk, and maybe he could make use of that. After all, he’d been wanting to know more about angels, but John was making it damn near impossible, and besides what he could ask Cas, there was really no one to ask… Except maybe the angel specialist who sat across from him.
“Ahh shucks Jimmy, I can’t wait to be back either!” Dean replied.
“Hi!” Ellen laughed, “I’m so happy to see you, Dean! Every time you are here you make me very happy.
“And we are back! Hello everyone at home. Before we do anything I would like to tell you all at home that you won’t have to wait much longer. Dean’s performance is next! I believe you will be singing ‘Perfect’ for us today?”
They both stayed in silence watching the final girl leave and the door get shut. It was a second later before Dean jumped out of the vanity chair, curling a arm around Cas and pulling him closer.
“Why did you get kicked out of the plane?”
“What? No way!” Jimmy laughed, “maybe it’s your family or house help”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh..I.. I’m sorry.” Cas finally addressed to the room. “Hello.” He repeated not knowing what more to say. But thankfully he didn’t have to, people around the room greeted back.
“Cat food.” Dean replied instantly.
“Good luck,” Cas gave a soft smile at Dean. His first of the night.
Cas felt his heart jump as he stared, re-familiarizing himself with the face of the man he loved. One of Dean’s hand raised up to gently cradle his face, and he couldn’t help but to nuzzle into the hand, his eyes fluttering shut on their own as he savored the feeling of the calloused, rough hand.
“It’s not your fault Cas,” Dean gruffed, “are you excited for the concerts?” He changed the subject.
“Good. Good! I’m halfway done with the second tour, just moved into my new house last week, am working on the third album right now. Everything’s going great.” Dean enthusiastically nodded as he spoke.
Cas chuckled quietly to himself, his eyes flickered back to the laptop screen; Dean was halfway done through the song. Dean’s little references to angels always made Cas so happy inside. No one would ever pick up on it other than it being a religious reference unless they actually knew about him and Dean. As he continued listening, his phone lit up with vibrations again.
“1… 2… 3…4…
“It’s fine Dean” One of Cas’ hands raised up to touch Dean before stopping midway, realizing they had a audience, and retracting.
“I’m glad too.” Cas murmured. “What happened to the last minute arrangements you were telling me about?”
“I am still very excited to hear you sing and perform today. That is a enough of a birthday gift for me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“C’mon! This will just make it embarrassing to face everybody specially after I worked so hard to impress them all this weekend!”
“Never!”
“So fast? You haven’t even finished the tour for this album.”
Dean’s smile fell.
“No, no, I think this will definitely help you make some new friends! Now lets see, who do we have for the first round.” Ellen gestured towards her staff to display the first set. “So, we have Nick Jonas or Taylor Swift. Who would you rather, Dean?”
Cas’ fingers curled into the base of Dean’s neck, as their kiss deepened for a second.
Again this is just a filler; extremely random. I just wanted something out while I work on the actual chap 3 which might be slightly heavy... or might not actually... I am struggling on that decision of which route I want to go down.
“This is my best friend Cas,” Charlie pulled him in the room without missing a beat.
“Okay everyone we are back!” Jimmy greeted the camera. “Right now, we are going to do our Think Fast segment with the Dean Winchester! As you all know in this segment, I ask the guests some questions and they have to answer as quickly as possible! Are you ready Dean?” Jimmy asked, shuffling his cue cards on the table.
“I would love you forever Ellen if you ever made that happen.”
- need -
Dean’s lips curled up in a soft, fond smile of his own in return.
Cas missed Dean. He wanted to be wrapped up in his arms, feel the soft kisses he pressed to his forehead. Days like these, Cas regretted not attending a graduate college in California. He had only finalized his acceptance to Harvard because he knew Dean would be on his tour majority of the year anyway, and Dean had assured him that he could just fly back to Boston after his tours instead of going to LA, it would be no hassle. He had forced Cas to realize letting a opportunity like Harvard go was “not cool”. Cas did agree with Dean, and soon after moving to Boston, he had realized the atmosphere here was much more to his tastes than the hollywood doused scene of California. But right now, all of that didn’t matter, he just wanted his boyfriend.
“Ha.” Dean exclaimed. “My voice is toast man. I need to go on vocal rest for a bit, that many concerts ain’t good for your vocal chords. But then I’ll go through those songs, settle on some, record them, and so much more stuff. It’s gonna take a while.”
See you in the next one!
“Wow… ah… thank you, thank you!” Dean addressed the audience. “This is really kind.” The audience cheered louder in response and Dean laughed shyly, resting a hand nervously on the sofa.
in some part of the world. Dean’s been with me for most of the last 4 days, its been one of the best birthday’s I’ve ever had.” Cas smiled for real this time. Spending the last week with Dean, cozied up in each other, in a little heaven of their own in his dorm.
