“What do you want, Seb?” Sherlock bit, rolling his eyes and turning back into the lab, but John noticed the faint tremor in his clenched fist as he followed after him. “I’m busy.”
Sherlock opened his mouth, but whatever he was about to say died on his tongue, his lips closing as he blinked down at the table, brow furrowing. “I-I don’t know,” he murmured, as if that had never happened, and John beamed.
“You know what I mean,” John snapped, and the man grinned, turning away to watch the passing lampposts. “You’re not…entirely unpleasant to be around,” he added, and Sherlock smiled out the window, the expression reflected on the glass when John snuck a brief glance out of the corner of his eye.
,” John interjected dismissively, unhindered by Sherlock’s glare. “What is it? The diabetic thing? Are you mad I figured that out?”
“Skeptical is not the word I’d use,” Prince John muttered, narrowing his eyes at Sherlock before leaning closer to the queen. “Mother, I can handle this myself.”
“Good game out there,” he said, smiling broadly. “That throw was something else. Thought for a minute I wasn’t gonna make it!”
Sherlock wasn’t exactly inexperienced, but he hadn’t a prayer of taking the reins from John Watson, the blond almost frustratingly talented, never giving away too much as he kept Sherlock chasing, which was why he was entirely to blame for the whine that ground up from Sherlock’s throat, his fingers clawing in John’s hair with desperation.
“With an extra shot of unsolicited advice,” Sherlock murmured over the lid as he sipped, Molly sneering at him as John laughed. “I’d better go,” he said, stepping backward as he bobbed his head toward the door. “See ya tomorrow.”
“Yes. He said he’d need to get off a few hours early to help Irene setup, so it probably starts somewhere around 9 or 10.”
John lifted a curious brow, but Sherlock rattled his head, promising either it wasn’t important or they’d get back to it eventually. “Nothing nefarious,” he said, stretching his legs out and crossing his ankles. “There just…aren’t any options.”
“So it would appear,” Sherlock snipped, but Lestrade didn’t seem able to infer his reluctance to continue the conversation.
“Morning, Sleeping Beauty,” John said, chuckling when Sherlock groaned, the sound turning more amicable as a plate of toast clicked onto the table in front of him. “I was just about to wake you.”
it turns out he does,” she repeated sharply, startling Sherlock to silent attention, “promise you’ll cancel on me?”
Luckily—for Dimmock, at least, whose feet had begun shuffling awkwardly on the carpet—the door downstairs slammed shut, breaking them out of their tableau.
!?” Harry spluttered, John stepping aside as she pushed past him, smiling with stunned disbelief. “Those Cold War nutters are right; the end really is nigh!”
He had to keep John safe, and, unfortunately, that meant keeping him in the dark, at least for the time being.
He looked to find John watching him closely, that cautiously expectant something Sherlock couldn’t place sparkling in his eyes again.
John’s eyes narrowed, flashing a bit as he caught the disdain in Anderson’s tone. “Yes,” he said, a little firmer, and Anderson’s arm dropped to his side.
“Coach will do just fine, son,” the man said, his brown eyes kind as he smiled, and John was grateful to see at least one area of his life here at Langley wouldn’t be so painfully formal. “What position did you play in secondary?”
“I was taller than that,” John contested, a faint blush tinting his cheeks, and Mrs. Hudson laughed, stepping toward him and throwing her arms wide as the boy sheepishly shuffled into the embrace.
Sherlock was still crying, or at least misting in a socially acceptable manner, but he smiled back, could never help it when it came to John, could never help anything, and, better late than never, he finally understood he didn’t have to.
“You cold?” John presumed incorrectly, but Sherlock didn’t have any better explanation—not one he was willing to part with, anyway—so he nodded. “Stay there. I’ll be right back.” John stood, the scent of him carried with the shift of air. He had forgone the shower, for whatever reason, and the night air still clung to him, mingling with the smell of broken grass and damp dirt.
John smiled against his mouth, pulling away to graze cool fingers down his jaw. “Yes, you are,” he whispered, tapping a kiss to the corner of Sherlock’s mouth as he attempted to scowl, and then stepped back, rounding the bed to drop his athletic bag beside his desk. “I gotta shower,” he sighed, tugging demonstratively at the damp uniform shirt as he returned to his drawers, plucking free pajama trousers and a plain shirt. “Can you set everything up?” he asked, waving a hand at the
“I brought a few of the files along,” Sherlock shrugged, turning slightly so John could see the folders tucked under his arm.
John was staring at him now, blinking over the top of the crime scene photos. “Okay, you’ve lost me.”
“Okay!” John cajoled, spinning Kate around and pushing her by the backs of her shoulders, casting Sherlock a wide-eyed look while he just tried not to laugh. “Let’s go fix us a thermostat!”
“Right,” he chuckled, his fingers brushing over the gravity-defying sections as he stepped around the coffee table and headed toward the bathroom. “How do you manage it?” he asked, stopping to turn in the doorway to the kitchen.
Another customer walked in the door, all of them turning toward the elderly gentleman, and John nudged Molly on the arm, bobbing his head toward the man approaching the counter.
The man’s smile puckered a bit. “I’m a friend,” he said stiffly, and John only just managed not to snort. “I graduated from here last year. Are you new? I don’t remember you.”
“Are you okay?” John had asked, tilting his head with a frown as Sherlock looked up at him, and, though Sherlock would never say he skittered back, that didn’t mean it wasn’t true.
“Yeah, there’s a bit of a lull between supper and the late night crowd,” she said, plucking her coffee off the table and tucking her feet up onto the chair.
Mary dropped her head at him, a look in her eyes he had previously thought only Sherlock was able to produce when he thought John was being particularly obtuse. “John,” she clipped, “if looks could kill, I’d need a Ouija board to talk to you right now.”
Nothing appeared out of place, but John was sure something was missing, scanning the cluttered tables and shelves with a hazy nagging at the back of his mind, and then a voice drifted up the stairs to his left, his eyes shooting wide as the previous night crashed over him like a bucket of ice water.
“Everyone always does that,” the man said, nodding at Sherlock’s grip. “Something about cider just requires two hands, I think.”
John’s eyes swept over his face, his smile slow to answer. “You’re welcome,” he said, and then turned up his wrist to glance at his watch. “We should get to the conservatory. Sally hates it when I keep her food waiting.”
John nodded, standing and lifting his coat off the back of his chair, Sherlock taking the moment of his distraction to brush his hand over the box hidden in the inside pocket of his suit jacket.
He will then pretend to be embarrassed as John tells the story at the housewarming party, adamantly refusing to confirm he was blushing
John blinked, a rough breath of air shooting into his lungs as he was jolted back to 221B, which was so much warmer than it had been a moment ago. “Nothing,” John muttered, clearing his throat as he looked back down to the book. “I just wanted to read you this one bit,” he explained, reacquainting himself with his intended purpose as much as he was Sherlock. “It reminds me of you.”
Rob nodded and stepped into the lift after him, John feeling even more unnerved by the man as they shared the confined space.
“Don’t you get to decide if the team gets new jerseys?” Sherlock asked coyly, looking back over his shoulder to lift a brow. “You just put in a request, or you don’t, don’t you? Captain?” he added, drawling over the title, and John was coming down with yellow fever or something, he was sure of it, he had to call in sick for the rest of the day.
Sherlock talked to him. Even when he wasn’t there, Sherlock talked to him, collaborated with him. Even when they hadn’t been talking at all, Sherlock had talked to him, if only subconsciously. In fact, subconsciously might make it even better.
“Why?” Sherlock muttered, stopping in the nervous pacing he’d started to narrow his eyes down at John. “Why later?”
“Oh, right, John,” Lestrade said, much friendlier now, although he still sounded exhausted. “Sorry, I didn’t check the caller ID. What’s going on?”
He wondered if John worried about him walking back alone after practice. He wondered if John noticed he hadn’t slept in his bed for two weeks. He wondered if John was the one leaving a bagel in a bag outside his door every morning and a plastic-boxed sandwich every afternoon, or if he’d conscripted Molly to do it. He wondered if he’d ever mentioned to either of them that he only liked strawberry cream cheese. He wondered if Molly would ever give up inviting him into town for supper. He wondered if Mycroft would ever stop calling.
“Oh, come on, Sherls, don’t be like that,” Victor urged, the nickname Sherlock had always disliked now skyrocketing straight to hate. “You think I don’t feel bad about this? I didn’t mean for it to happen, I just- We ran into one another at the library, and one thing led to another, and… It didn’t mean anything,” he assured, or was trying to, at least, moving to stand in front of Sherlock as he battled with his footwear. “I just- Well, you’ve been in the lab so much lately,” he murmured, and Sherlock stilled, watching through his lashes as Victor scraped a nail over the flaking front door paint. “With- With your professor...”
“Lestrade!” he blurted, but no further words came as the man turned around, eyebrows lifting expectantly. Sherlock’s mouth shifted in silence, and Lestrade smiled, dipping his head in a gentle nod as he accepted the wordless apology.
He read once again over the note, disbelief turning to confusion as his eyes caught on one particular phrase. The spirit of the season?
“You- You did all this?” Sherlock asked, and it was such a normal thing, questioning the obvious when you just couldn’t believe it, and John smiled, strangely proud that he’d knocked Sherlock down to ordinary for a moment.
“Why?” Sherlock asked again, and John’s neck collapsed, his head lolling down to the floor as he sighed.
five-course feast!” She swung her arms at the doors behind her, which opened at the command, revealing the redecorated dining room to a cascade of oohs and ahhs, but Sherlock was watching his mother, smiling at the pride glowing bright in her cheeks.
“Do… Do what?” Sherlock pried, head tilting, curiosity clearly piqued, which was the worst thing for John’s surprise.
John’s mouth twisted with a smile he tried but couldn’t help, shaking his head as he looked aimlessly out the front windshield. “Perhaps,” he chirped, smirking back at Sherlock’s withering look, “or maybe you just sounded extra pitiful.”
John swallowed, hanging his head as he stared down at the dark wooden steps. “I’m not so sure,” he murmured, and Mrs. Hudson elbowed him lightly on the arm, prompting him to meet her warm gaze.
John blew out a long slow breath. “Of the guys Irene wanted you to meet. Of Ethan. Of... Of Victor.”
”—a collective groan from the smaller, male percentage of the class—“but you may choose any two of the works in the list below to write your final essay. The goal will be to find and explore a theme that connects the three works, but it shouldn’t be difficult to draw connections between the options I’ve given you.” He walked back to sit on the corner of the large desk at the front of the room, perching on the edge as he held his copy of the sheet in front of him. “You will be working on this essay throughout the course of the year, and periodically required to meet with me to go over and improve your drafts.”
“I- I can’t,” Sherlock said, dropping his eyes to the scattered case file in front of him. “Not yet. Not until I’m sure.”
“Well, I do hope I can live up to some of them, at least,” he replied. “And, please, call me Sherlock, miss.”
Instead, he settled his mouth over the head of Sherlock’s cock, tongue swirling around the flushed skin, collecting the liquid already gathered at the tip, and Sherlock’s neck snapped back with a groan, one hand coming unfixed from the sheets to latch onto John’s hair, his nails digging into his scalp. Smiling smugly to himself, John turned his head, slowly trailing his tongue down along the throbbing vein, and Sherlock might have actually pulled some of his hair out.
“He wanted to talk tactics,” Sherlock shrugged. “What was I supposed to do? It’s not like I could refuse to move.”
“Oh, in here, dear,” she said from somewhere behind him, and he poked his head back out the door to find her sitting on a sofa in the living room.
Sherlock was going to argue the point further, but the small smile John shot up over the screen indicated he wasn’t truly upset with him, so Sherlock turned back to the piñata, mentally cataloging the injuries as he proceeded.
John felt a rush of air pass across his neck, and Mr. Tyson’s gaze flicked in his direction. John hadn’t thought a sigh could be a facial expression until he watched the tired resignation pass across the man’s features.
a man yesterday!—but, when it came to facing a furious Sherlock Holmes, even standing between a police sergeant and the most influential man in Britain, John was
“We’ve got a big night planned, but, right now, we invite you all to eat, drink, and be irresponsibly merry! So, find your place card, pull up a chair, and enjoy this year’s
He’d been dreaming, he remembered, although most of the details were still fuzzy, but he was sure there had been fire, the vivid orange and yellow burning so bright behind his eyelids, he could almost feel the heat of it. Another image overtook the flames as the memory of his dream progressed, the colors swirling together and darkening to scarlet before the rest of the scene came into view, and he tightened his grip on the duvet, a shiver running through him.
After a brief discussion, it was decided John and Émile would faceoff first, Sean and Kavi taking a seat on a nearby patch of floor while Sherlock stood in the middle of the challengers, hastily closing a Wikipedia tab and stowing his phone back in his pocket.
“Nothing,” he muttered, twisting back to the whiteboard as he continued writing. “As I was saying, today we’ll be talking about the thalidomide tragedy to further our understanding of optical isomers. I’m sure you all read the article in your book, but I printed off a few supplementary materials as well.” He moved to his desk, lifting a stack of white paper off his desk, and then crossed to the edge of the room, counting out pages as he distributed small piles at the end of each row.
Sherlock laughed, John smiling up at him as he plucked a paper cup from the stack, none of their glass mugs quite big enough to accommodate a large coffee. “Isn’t it hard to find time for that?” Sherlock asked with a curious frown, shuffling along the counter to follow John to the massive coffee dispensers. “Rugby, I mean. With your degree and working here and all?”
“Actually, Sergeant Donovan, if the defendant enters the building with the purpose of regaining property they believe they have a legal right to, there is no intent to commit theft, therefore nullifying-”
Sherlock looked up from the screen, and John’s insides froze. He looked so young, so fragile, and utterly bewildered. When he spoke, it was weak, and his lips trembled faintly. “Ethan Carlisle is dead.”
Just as quickly as the glee had come, however, it vanished, a deadweight settling in his chest and dragging down the edges of his smile as he wondered how many other people had gotten the same message, and he abruptly found he had no taste left for the coffee, most of it still there when the crowd died down twenty minutes later.
“I’m not- I’m not hiding!” Sherlock defended, stumbling back into the wall, his head spinning from exhaustion and dehydration.
Lestrade spluttered a moment, his mouth moving with nonsensical syllables of outrage. “Mycroft, you-you can’t just-”
“Don’t ask him that, we’ll be here all night,” John muttered, giving Sherlock a shove forward with his elbow as the man made to open his mouth.
” Sherlock apparently repeated tiredly, “that I don’t understand why people can’t just wear one shirt. This blue thing”—he plucked at the protruding plaid at his waist—“or the jumper. Why is all of this necessary?”
“Yes, we must,” he snarled, pulling his athletic bag off his shoulder to fall to the tile floor with a heavy thump. “What the
drunk,” Sherlock snapped, gripping tight to the handrail as another wave of nausea crashed over him.
Sherlock nodded, acquiescing to the common term. “Probably because Mike is bitter you’ve gained such a prominent position after only a month here.”
“Sherlock, are you alright?” John called again, pounding harder now, and Sherlock opened his mouth, trying to cry out, but no sound broke free from his smoke-clogged throat. “Sherlock, can you hear me?”
John smiled, a faint twitch of his mouth that nevertheless rattled Sherlock’s knees, and then bobbed his head toward the back of the classroom, lifting his brows in subtle hint. His expression flattened out instantly as Mr. Robertson looked up at him, the blond nodding politely in feigned interest until the professor looked away again, and then focused once again on Sherlock. He jerked his head again, a little more forceful this time, and Sherlock blinked, startled at the picture as the pieces fell into place.
Sherlock watched him go, lingering in the doorway even as the winter wind swept down to sting across his face, his hand beginning the tremble where it clutched the edge of the door.
John’s shoulders bobbed again. “So they speak,” he murmured around the lip of his scotch, a disbelieving
“The one with the acne sustained an injury in the last play and is favoring his left knee, but won’t go off because it is, as you said, your last try. Neon-Orange Boots will substitute for Unfortunate Dye-Job, and he’s still suffering the effects of the marijuana he smoked earlier; his reaction time will be mediocre at best. Too-Short Shorts has a migraine coming on, Poor Attempt at a Mohawk has a previous, ankle injury that’s bothering him, and Bad Spray Tan is bordering on an asthma attack.” He rattled it all off in one breath, folding his arms across his chest when he finished, as if daring John to question him.
“Alright, here,” he said, passing Sherlock the bat. “You’re technically supposed to be blindfolded, but you’d probably just cheat. Make sure I’m well clear before you start swingin’, though, okay?”
“You just analyzing the insect tissues, then,” he pressed, tilting his head up at him with a frown of genuine curiosity, “or are you using casings and feces as well?”
“Alright. I’ll see you both later then.” She gave them a final wave before heading down the stairs, Dimmock imitating the gesture and following shortly behind her.
He waited, but there was no reply, and he huffed irritably as he dropped the phone back in his pocket and headed to the dorm.
the government. Any organization with an acronym, Mycroft’s somehow involved.” He tapped his fingers together at the pads as they steepled beneath his chin, his feet alternating in beating against the cushion as he vented his lingering frustration.
“Um, yeah,” John muttered, his eyebrows furrowing at the back of the boy’s head. John waited, but apparently that was all he was going to say. “So,” John continued, clearing his throat, “you must be-”
“I can go with her,” Sherlock interjected, grating his chair out across the floor, John’s stomach collapsing through the hardwood with disappointment. “I’m going up to Baker Street. I’ll just take her home and then walk back through Camden.”
John grinned with pride as Sherlock stepped out into the corridor, snapping the door shut behind him. Evidently knowing better than to speak, John merely leaned past him to lock the dorm. “Okay,” he chirped, slipping the keys back into his pocket. “Allons-y!” he added, pointing grandly forward as he began to walk.
“But they’re being given rubrics,” Mary reminded him yet again, and, also again, he rolled his eyes. “They have to grade us.”
“Keep it,” he said with a nod, smiling at the man’s bemused expression. “I’ll see you tomorrow anyway. Besides,” he added with a smirk, twirling his keys around his finger by the metal ring, “blue suits you.”
“But, if you like the series, why not get all the movies?” Sherlock asked, taking a much-needed sip of his coffee, the marathon going until 3:30am including snack breaks.
Sherlock froze, Elliot froze, the entire corridor froze except for the solitary figure of John Watson, shouldering through the gathered crowd with eyes that could probably burn you to ash if you looked into them long enough.
“No need,” he replied, lifting his chin with a pointed shift of the mug. “I can make my own tea,” he quipped, and John hissed a frail laugh, moving to slip his hands into his nonexistent pockets as he rocked back on his heels.
There were lots of things Sherlock didn’t know, but one thing he had no doubt of was that he would never get used to kissing John Watson. He was just so
!” he bellowed, glaring them all into shame, three scolded faces dropping to the floor while he returned to his task with a huff.
Irene nodded thoughtfully, turning her face to smirk across the table as soon as John looked away from her, and Sherlock shook his head, silently conveying what he hoped were parental-levels of disappointment.
“It’s fine,” he muttered, not wanting to give any cause for continuing the photo session, although he might not have minded so long as John kept his hand on his arm, fingers soft over his coat, like an old gesture, subconscious with familiarity.
Sherlock sighed, though it appeared to be a mostly token display of discontentment, as he did lie down, head bouncing on the pillow as he turned to face the wall, duvet tugged up in a fist below his chin.
“No, I’ll catch the bus at the corner,” he replied, pointing a thumb backward up the street. “Gotta go into town anyway. I haven’t got Harry a present yet.”
“And you think that’s safe?” she asked in that way that’s less a question, more of an invitation to wholeheartedly agree with the speaker’s clearly implied opinion.
, just broke, shooting apart like shrapnel over the walls as he hung his head, rattling breath after breath out over his lap.
Sherlock blinked at him, shuffling a bit further to the side as a girl brushed against his shoulder in an effort to leer up over the ledge to check the progress of her beverage. “Why?” he asked, uncertain a moment if John could have even heard him over the hiss of the machines, but then the blond laughed, the sound sharp and bitter.
“Bless you, child,” the man sighed, sticking individual beans with the prongs of his fork, but eventually moved up to the toast, scooping beans and tomato sauce onto the dry surface.
John couldn’t help it. He cracked spectacularly, bending double and clutching at his sides as he laughed.
The two women wanted fairly complicated drinks, and Molly was busy unpacking a box of their new seasonal roast in the back, so there was no chance for John to look back up at the window, but he wasn’t sure he would want to anyway, half-convinced Sherlock would have somehow fashioned a death ray from paperclips and plastic cups and fire on sight. Once the women left, however, he knew he had no excuse not to, Sherlock no doubt aware that there was no one else in the café, so, cautiously, John approached the window, mobile in hand. As he looked up, though, he realized he wouldn’t need it, and his arm fell limp at his side, his eyes going wide as they scanned across the glass.
“And you think he’s keeping it here?” John presumed, not the slightest bit surprised as Sherlock pulled a thin metal pin from a hidden compartment in the lining of his wallet.
“He-He does?” John questioned, mentally scanning the past year for events he hoped Mike hadn’t mentioned, but Lestrade didn’t seem to know about the time they’d put a particularly unpleasant professor’s BMW up on blocks, his smile unwavering as he nodded.
Sherlock smiled, huffing a small laugh as he nodded. “Yeah, I’m in my last year too. Though my degree’s not as long as yours.”
“I guess I’m just tired,” he muttered down at his knees, and John temporarily abandoned his hair to stare at the man through the glass door.
‘Close enough,’ John had grumbled, sighing exasperatedly when Sherlock only stared at him, blinking in disbelief. ‘Look, I just- I don’t do weddings, alright?’ he’d clipped with a shrug. ‘I have my rules for a reason, and weddings
That had been their only interaction beyond the obligatory polite smiles when you accidentally made eye contact, and Sherlock had more or less put it out of his mind, although there was probably some emphasis on the ‘less’. At least his throat didn’t close up every time he looked at the boy anymore, something that had had him going through three bottles of water a day in the first couple weeks. Still, he hadn’t thought it really
John looked even more shocked, his mouth going slack, but he didn’t seem taken aback by the content so much as the fact that Sherlock had admitted it. “Why not?” he asked softly, his defensive body language beginning to wilt. “I mean, I suppose you’d never
“The gunshot,” Sherlock said, his voice distant and breathy. “Someone opened the window to make sure the gunshot would be heard. Establish an exact time of death when the neighbors called the police.”
“I’m an artist in all food-based medium,” he countered grandly, touching a hand to his sternum, and Sherlock laughed, lifting to cover his mouth as he threatened to choke on rice. “Get some alphabet soup, I’ll make it Scrabble.”
Sherlock sniffed, crossing his arms, but did not reply, likely because he somehow knew Mycroft was just about to turn away to Dimmock and Molly, who had somehow ended up together over by the kitchen door.
“You still can!” he urged, but John matched his step forward with a backward one. “I don’t know who it is yet. I still have a few more leads to track down, and I’ll need assistance infiltrating-”
John watched Sherlock return to his book, somehow finding the correct page again, before opening the paper. “Biology, chemistry, English literature, and music,” John recited, scanning down the columns of his schedule. “Sound about right?”
John’s grip tightened on the edges of the paperback, irrational jealousy prickling at the edges of his gut.
Sherlock’s head was turned away at first, seeming to be looking at John’s hand where it rested behind him, and then twisted to face him, one eyebrow raised. “Mhmm,” he hummed skeptically, and John popped his lips apart in only mild offense, the lie not exactly beneath him, even though it happened to be true right now.
He smiled, just a quirk of the visible side of his mouth, and then lifted his hand in a stilted wave, his lips forming a silent “Bye” as his arm fell back to his side, fingers twisting at the side seam of his jeans.
“The light!” he exclaimed, rattling John slightly before leaping up, photographs flying as he scrambled over them. “Of course! They wouldn’t think to check, and there was no need to turn it on.” He wrenched open the door, sending it bouncing off the wall as he strode across the corridor.
Sherlock nodded as if this were perfectly understandable, although John doubted he had any idea what it was really like being caught unawares.
He could go back to his lab. He could move across the hall, sleep another night in a cocoon of blankets and pillows on the hard, cold floor. With that one, simple act, he knew he could throw all of John’s words back in his face, hurt and disappoint him, and maybe, just maybe, that would be the last straw.
“The blue one stays, Reggie,” Greg was saying, pointing toward the boot of the car as yet another man—Reggie, apparently—began unloading the luggage. “And I don’t need the car checked either, if it’s okay staying here a few minutes. I’m just going to run in and get Molly settled.”
Sherlock almost scoffed, almost exclaimed absolutely not, almost went into a scathing lecture on how he was appalled John would even suggest such a trivial thing, but there was something in those eyes, an urgency that made Sherlock think John was asking something much larger, and Sherlock didn’t want to deny him, even if he didn’t yet know what the request was.
They were rehearsing the ‘couple portions’—as Mary had taken to calling them with a blush and a smile—separately,  John and Mary off nonexistent-god-knows-where making dewy faces at one another, and he and Molly here in the common room decidedly
Mary smiled at him, waiting for an answer, and John completely forgot the question as he watched her rosy lips curl over her teeth.
“Happy?” he snapped, flicking his arms out in gesture, and, though John didn’t quite smile, his expression did soften.
The petite brunette eased her limbs off of Sherlock, turning around to face John, who shifted on the sofa, hoping to ward off similar treatment. “You?” she questioned, blinking, clearly a little dazed with relief. “You were shot?”
Suddenly, the ground beneath him shifted, and he stumbled, his eyes darting down to see the floorboards burning away to ash. Frantic, he lunged forward, diving for the door, but his fingertips fell just short of the handle, and then he was falling, limbs thrashing as he was finally able to scream into the smothering darkness.
“Claire Jones,” Sherlock said, pointing to a cropped photograph of a woman smiling at what appeared to be a party of some sort. “She was found in her bathroom this morning on the third floor of her building, shot in the head. The door was locked, as was her flat, with no signs of forced entry.”
“No, no! I mean, of course, I- You always help,” Sherlock stumbled, but seemed to be coming back to himself, haughty demeanor creeping back into his posture. “I merely- Well, won’t you be bored?”
“You can be the one to tell her that,” he teased, but the jest was hollow, a futile following of an archaic script.
Irene sighed, and it was starting to grate on John a little, everyone knowing everything before he did. “Moriarty didn’t need Moran to steal that file. Everything’s backed up on computers nowadays; he could’ve hacked in if he really needed it, but he didn’t. He stole the physical copy. Even if you hadn’t seen Moran taking it, the theft would’ve been discovered the next day. Moran had to swipe his keycard to get into the evidence room; they would’ve looked at the logs, found that suspicious—especially considering I doubt he was planning on coming into work again—and done an inventory. It wasn’t about
John didn’t know what to say, didn’t even see a readily-available comment or question to form a response to, but he wasn’t uncomfortable, so he just nodded and tried to convey that as best he could with a smile.
“I’m sorry,” he whispered, and Sherlock closed his eyes, gripping against the rough stone as pieces flaked off under his nails.
Mrs. Hudson beamed at him, and Sherlock watched John’s discomfort crumbling away, a small smile gracing his lips. “I ought to say no, no, no, sir,” she continued, looking back to the front.
With a sigh, John pulled his hands back, running one through his hair as he took a half step backward, eyes looking past Sherlock. The moonlight coming through the window caught at the panels, creating crossed shadows over his face as it shifted through hesitation, sadness, anxiety, and, finally, resolve. “I-” He looked to Sherlock, lips parted around a soft breath as he paused. “Sherlock, I-”
Molly nodded, and John shrugged, holding his page with a finger as he closed the volume, settling further down into the common room armchair.
before the floor went silent once more. “Hello?” Mr. Curtis said, his voice creeping closer. “Who’s there?”
“Last week,” Lestrade said simply, trying to move the conversation along. “Now, did you receive any-”
important things.” He pressed the paper towel to his hand, lifting his eyes to the group with a pained smile he didn’t even have to fake.
John chuckled again as he stood, and Sherlock tried not to beam too inappropriately as the thrill of the sound rushed through him again. “Maybe tomorrow,” he said, bending his elbows back as he stretched. “Right now, I think I just need to sleep.”
“The course of true love never did run smooth. I’m going to grab some homework from my room; I should be back before you reach any of my lines.” He nodded at no one in particular, and then turned, his footsteps silent as ever, but John winced regardless.
The second his back was turned, Sherlock flipped over his mobile, intent on ripping Greg a virtual new one, only to find a message from him already waiting: a collection of every heart-related emoji available. Sherlock tested out a few replies before settling on a simple middle finger emoji, and then flipped the phone back over as John returned carrying two mugs.
“Molly Hooper, yes. Her uncle works in the morgue at St. Bart’s.” He made another notation in his notebook before returning to staring through the lens, not looking at John at all in the process.
moment, but, in my defense, I didn’t truly expect you to stick around as long as you have. Sherlock usually burns through acquaintances quite quickly.”
“Cheers,” she bade, and John nodded, turning around to clean out the blender only to find Molly eyeing him disparagingly.
“No, I- I have Sherlock,” Lestrade said, voice quaking worrisomely as he cast another glance from the corner of his eye. “We’ll be right there. Keep everyone back, and don’t tell anyone
John didn’t even appear to consider believing him, his expression never changing as he steadily regarded him.
John fell silent, steps slowing as he cast a look of trepidation out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock meeting it with a quirk of his brow. John cleared his throat, shifting the keys in his hand, and Sherlock smiled as he rounded to the passenger side, content with the small victory.
John lolled his head back to thump against the wall, heaving a resigned sigh. “I don’t know, Mike,” he breathed, shaking his head at the ceiling. “It’s- It’s- …It’s
“I wouldn’t know,” Sherlock answered with a shrug, returning to his book as if nothing had happened.
“A bit,” Sherlock replied, turning his face up as John returned, and the blond nodded, stopping closer to the kitchen than the sofa as he looked down at Sherlock across the coffee table.
“When?” he repeated, and Sherlock flashed him a helpless look. “When you wha- Wait.” He stopped, lifting his hands up in halting disbelief. “Do you mean- Do you mean when you can…
, and Sherlock licked over them briefly before drawing his tongue back into his mouth, a swallow moving down his throat that hit John in the chest like a lorry. He blinked up, eyes dark and heavy-lidded, and John didn’t even know he’d moved his hand until he saw it there, sliding from Sherlock’s hair to cup his jaw. The brunette blinked up at him, puzzled, and, for a second, the words nearly crested over his tongue, but he bit them back, instead bending down to grab a fistful of Sherlock’s collar and hoist him roughly to standing.
But he was cold, and there were dogs, and it was free, so he tossed his book into his bag and slung the strap over his shoulder, standing up on stiff legs and brushing grass from the back of his jeans as he wobbled his way across the lawn.
Sherlock shrugged, his fingers tapping impatiently against his thigh as the lift scraped painfully upward.
“I have to go,” Sherlock interjected, sweeping past and grasping the door handle, desperate for clean air to quell his rolling nausea, but Victor’s palm covered the deadbolt before he could unlatch it.
“Yeah, I do,” he assured, and John smiled, a brushstroke of pink glancing across his cheeks and punching Sherlock in the stomach. “You might even be able to solve the great mystery of what the hell’s wrong with me,” he muttered, a feeble joke he wasn’t even sure was a joke at all, but John laughed, sending Sherlock’s stomach tumbling and reminding him just how not-normal he really was.
“So that’s why you think they’re doing it? Something happened to them because of…bad drugs?” John hesitated in implying that there was such a thing as good drugs, but Sherlock seemed to understand his point, and much more, as always.
Realizing he’d probably been staring too long, John dropped his face, chasing the last chunk of egg around his plate with the fork. “So, what A-levels are you taking?” he asked before popping it into his mouth.
like, however, much to even his surprise, was watching it with John. He liked sitting near him, liked the small incidental touches that happened at such close proximity, like reaching for the Haribo and brushing the back of his hand against John’s outer thigh. Okay, so maybe the touches were quite
“You’re awake,” John interjected, bobbing a nod, and then turned his face away, standing up and turning his back to Sherlock as he ambled across the rug, his footsteps soundless. “It’s sort of like your mind palace,” he explained, shrugging a shoulder as he turned back, a corner of his mouth twitching in a faint smirk, “except closer to a hallucination.”
His bleached hair shone greasy in the shafts of light that filtered through the bleachers from the large, pitch lights. His clothes were rumpled, the tips of his dirty fingers scarred from drug use, and a rush of bile rose in Sherlock’s throat at the sight of him, at the awareness of having this creature’s skin cells on his trousers and used breath in his lungs.
Their dormitory was open, and he walked inside, quickly snapping his laptop shut and sitting it on his bed. He sighed, gripping the bridge of his nose between his fingers as he breathed deeply. He liked Sherlock, he did, but there were times when he could understand why so many people had trouble with him. And it was only their third day as roommates!
“Tedious?” John parroted, quirking a brow. He then sighed, shaking his head out at the darkness as the car rolled underneath the now-green light. “You pick the strangest adjectives,” he mused, and Sherlock laughed, leaning forward to point a finger up ahead.
Sherlock’s eyes scanned over his face, the determined lines and set of his jaw offering little room for argument, but it was the look in his eyes that ultimately made Sherlock’s decision, a pained desperation he would be monstrous to prolong. He swallowed, bobbing his head in a single nod, and John hissed out a quick sigh of relief, his shoulders lowering with released tension.
don’t find men attractive, I just- It’s you.” He lifted a hand in a wobbly gesture to Sherlock’s chest, fingers mere inches from grazing the grey wool. “It’s just you.”
“I didn’t know, I saw,” Sherlock answered irritably, as if John had asked him something painfully obvious, such as why the sky was blue, or the ocean wet. He turned back toward the table, picking up his tongs and prodding through another pile of crisps.
John smiled back, bowing his head as he withdrew. “Alright. I’ll get that for you right away,” he assured, the man giving him a brief nod before John turned away.
He had been up early after a restless night, Sally just starting her preparations for breakfast in the kitchen when he’d wandered down for caffeine. She’d started to make it for him, but he insisted on completing it himself, and she warily returned to her chopping, new enough to the castle that she wasn’t yet accustomed to his impropriety. She had gone through the effort to send something up with Mike later though, and John sighed, taking up the fork again and stabbing up a mouthful of scrambled eggs.
Sherlock looked down from where he was leaning over the table, hovering above John. His forehead furrowed for a moment as he tilted his head, and then he blinked, a faint quirk of a warm smile lifting up his ridiculously shaped lips. What
“Harry,” John interrupted, but without any real heat. It wasn’t as if he could defend the accusation, but Harry calmed regardless, sucking in a slow breath.
“Yeah, just transferred this year,” he answered, turning toward her more fully. “John Watson,” he said, smiling up at her as he offered his hand.
“Oh, please,” John scoffed. “Like you don’t have embarrassing pictures of some stupid play or something you-”
John was quiet a moment, looking between Sherlock and the ground as they neared the door of the eatery. “You know,” he murmured, and Sherlock chanced a glance at him from the corner of his eye, “if it helps…I didn’t like you being there with Molly either.”
Lestrade blinked at Sherlock, puzzling over the comment a little longer than he would normally require. He then barked a laugh, turning away with a beckoning wave to lead them toward the beverage table. He was chatting amicably, explaining where this or that was, as well as what was vegetarian for some odd reason, when they were interrupted by Donovan stepping in front of them.
Sherlock laughed as John gently pulled his head down, and nothing more was said until Lestrade called for the third time.
!” Sherlock repeated, growing frantic now, because John didn’t seem to be properly grasping the seriousness of the situation.
Sherlock had developed a heart condition, he was sure of it, the muscle dangerously enlarged and pounding violently against his ribs.
“What the hell is this?” Sherlock snapped tartly, tapping a finger down at the paper so hard it hurt a little, but he forced himself to restrain the wince.
“Looked like it to me,” Lestrade shrugged. “I think all the flats in here are pretty much identical, ‘cept maybe the curtains.”
He’d forgotten to tell John that story, and made a mental note to tell him when he called back. Except he didn’t call back.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” John said, and Sherlock looked up, somewhat stunned at the tone of it, but John’s expression matched the words. He was angry, of course he was, but, mostly, he was just broken, broken and exhausted, and Sherlock considered for the first time that maybe just the lying would be enough, that it wouldn’t take drugs or murderers to drive John away, maybe he’d done it all on his own, and he twisted toward the boy on the bed, suddenly desperate.
He was just about to grab his bag and leave when there was a blur of green beside him, the chair across from his scraping over the floor with a sharp squeak before John dropped down into it with a heavy sigh, the emerald wool of his jumper hanging loose around his neck where the collar had stretched.
John’s eyes fluttered wide with barely restrained horror. “But Lestrade said…after you found out I didn’t know…you didn’t want to do it anymore.”
Sherlock sighed heavily behind him. “Do you want me to call Lestrade back?” he asked, and John smiled secretly down at his socks.
“Why are you knocking?” Sherlock’s voice replied, quick and sharp, and John startled back at the closeness of it.
“That’s the best a bloke can hope for from you,” Lestrade murmured, flashing John a quick smile. “Alright, I’ll go through ‘em and send the potentials on to you, yeah?” he asked, and Sherlock nodded. Lestrade reached back out toward his gun, but his hand paused, hovering over the metal. “You know how to fire a gun?”
“I should go,” he said, waving a hand toward the pitch, which was filling up with his teammates running drills.
John’s interview had started 43 minutes ago, plenty of time for Sherlock to go to the Yard, pick up the cold cases Lestrade had mentioned, and stop to grab a couple takeaway cups from John’s favorite hot chocolate spot—not that he would admit to being a connoisseur of such a thing—before returning to wait at Bart’s. Of course, that wasn’t what he
Sherlock laughed, inappropriately loud for the setting, and quickly clapped a hand to his mouth, looking around to see if anyone had noticed. He met only John’s eyes, however, one eyebrow quirking as he peered around the computer, and Sherlock flushed, lowering his hand to reveal an apologetic grimace.
Mrs. Hudson did not reply, her blurry silhouette lingering on the opposite side of the railing, and then she moved with a sigh, rounding the newel post and silently climbing up to his side. When her feet reached the step just below him, she turned, bracing herself on the wall as she lowered to sitting beside him, the sleeve of her floral-print blouse brushing against his arm. She did not speak, and John didn’t either, staring blankly forward as he gathered his courage, and then, with a determined inhale, he broke the silence.
Sherlock tilted his head, closing his eyes as he reversed through his memory. John had said…something. Some time ago, too, Sherlock now realized.
As they passed the bookstore, Sherlock turned, looking through the front window to the display of new releases, and then turned back to the café, remembering a much different view.
There was a ruckus of cheers and applause from around the coach as Coach Powles began walking down the aisle, glancing at the jackets he revealed before tossing them to their owners. “Stamford. Richards. Price. Thompson. Watson.”
“WHAT DID YOU SAY TO ME!?” the man screamed into his face, pulling him forward only to slam him back again, his grip shifting higher, putting pressure on Sherlock’s throat as he pinned him to the wall. “WHAT DID YOU SAY!?”
John rolled his eyes, but said nothing, apparently content to play his advantage when it suited. “Think you can wring a ride out of him too? Mrs. Hudson will be angry enough as it is without adding a taxi to the mix; you know how she is about cabbies after 11.”
“Why didn’t you tell me about John?” she asked, and he felt every individual muscle of his back contract, pulling his spine ramrod straight.
Sherlock shifted on the mattress, weight bobbing side-to-side as rocked, looking down at his hands twisting in his lap. “I-I always wanted to keep bees,” he said, perplexingly, and John only blinked, waiting for context. “When I retire,” he clarified, flashing a glance over to John as he twitched a shrug. “I wanted to move to Sussex, get a house—no neighbors, if I can help it—and keep a colony of bees. Fascinating creatures, bees.”
“Suit yourself,” John shrugged, turning and disappearing across the corridor, the click of the bathroom lock faint through the walls.
“Ya know, I know you’re only mocking me,” John chuckled, brushing his jumper free of debris, “but I still appreciate the thought.” He ran a hand through his hair, coming away with one of the larger strands of confetti. “Sherlock,” he questioned, narrowing his eyes as he twisted the torn image in his fingers, “is this one of the crime scene photos?”
“It’ll be next Christmas before you get around to that, if ever, and you know it,” Sherlock stated, receiving no argument but a half-hearted sneer. “You need a watch; I have a watch. Seems simple enough.”
“I thought you finished with those, like, two weeks ago,” John replied, twisting his neck around to follow the brunette’s progress.
“Er, bit of brick, probably,” he replied, shrugging his shoulder, inadvertently shifting his skin against John’s and dropping his stomach out of his body. “I-I cut it on a wall.”
Sherlock smiled, ducking his chin as he rocked back on his heels, feeling Molly’s eyes boring into the side of his face as it was his turn to avoid her gaze.
“We all should have,” Sherlock interjected, something in his tone making John lift his face, a certain steadiness that seemed at odds with the subject, and, sure enough, Sherlock’s eyes were bright as they darted over the coroner’s report, a corner of his mouth curled up in a comma, “but I think Irene would rather beat us up over it herself.”
Once again, John shook his head, his face heating as he realized how absurd it all sounded now that he was forced to explain. “Not really. I mean, it was just the once, and not for very long. He’s really only coming because he’s a friend of Irene’s—she’s the old friend Molly invited.”
John laughed with that contagious abandon again, compelling Sherlock’s lips to follow. “And, they used to set you up a lot because…” John prompted, and Sherlock bought a few beats of time with a slow sip of his wine.
Sherlock opened his mouth to retort, and then found he couldn’t, opting to simply glare at Mycroft until he had to turn away to hide the smile needling at the corners of his mouth.
John swallowed, his mouth drying out as Sherlock’s words brushed warm air over his skin. “Yeah, but-”
“You shouldn’t have left,” he said, answering Sherlock’s questioning glance with a nod, confirming they could talk freely. “It’s much easier to protect you in a controlled environment.”
“No,” he said, shaking his head against Sherlock’s hair. “Don’t, I- Not tonight. Let’s just go to sleep, alright?”
There was a small, sharp intake of breath and then silence, time John was obviously using to formulate his next question.
Sherlock was losing control of his breathing, his lungs rising and falling quicker and quicker, the room blurring at the edges as he tried to focus on John’s face, his mind a mess of conflicting impulses: half demanding he rush forward, the other half screaming in terror.
It started as a chuckle, puffs of mirth bursting up his chest, but quickly grew into the kind of laughter he hadn’t experienced in a long time, the type that made you shake and lift a hand to your mouth to cover your idiotic grin. Evidently, it was contagious, because Sherlock’s low chuckles soon joined him, and he looked down to find the boy laughing down at the table.
“Great,” Sherlock grumbled, stomach wriggling anew, and Mycroft cast down a sidelong smile, deftly swiping a full champagne from a passing tray.
“No, I have my business partner for that. Irene Adler, she’s a clinical psychologist,” he explained. “It’s more about…listening, I suppose. Even when people aren’t speaking, or they’re saying something completely contrary. Which is why I prefer to get to know people, at least somewhat, before looking at their results or, in this case”—he waved a hand at Greg—“reading their files. Any preconceived notions I bring into the situation could harm the final results.”
John opened his mouth, closed it with a blink, and then opened it again, but Sherlock took pity, and answered before he could ask.
“What?” he questioned, and John rolled his eyes, huffing out a frustrated breath as his arms slapped down against his body.
It wasn’t quite sunny, but the sun clearly had aspirations for the day, the clouds thinning just enough to let rays peek through here and there. The temperature had warmed up a little—though spring had not quite arrived, a few more weeks of touch-and-go before you could confidently put away your padded jackets—and more people were out, dodging the water-filled dips in the pavement as they hastened past outside the glass.
“Mike Stamford, the prince’s assistant, will be arriving with him later this evening; we’ll introduce you then. Princess Harriet and her lady-in-waiting, Clara Barden, won’t be here until later in the month. And you’ve already met our captain of the guard.” She gestured toward Greg, who flicked a two-finger salute and a wink. “Everyone else you’ll pick up along the way. Now, come, come,” she urged, clapping her hands together before looping her arm around his elbow and guiding him toward the polished wood staircase. “I’ll give you the tour before showing you to your room. Lestrade has hogged you long enough.”
By Friday, John was leaping out of his skin, ready to sob or strangle someone at a moment’s notice, so he packed a bag, planning to spend the weekend at his aunt’s instead of pacing around the dorm, talking himself down from angrily texting Sherlock for leaving him out of whatever he’d gotten himself into now. He had hoped to miss Sherlock entirely, but fate would not be so kind, and he found himself leaving the dorm at the exact moment Sherlock went to exit the lab.
success,” John stressed, watching his blue-clad friends becoming smaller as they climbed. “Are you coming?” he asked, heart pattering shamelessly, and he swallowed hard to keep his voice steady.
“Right,” he muttered, but his fingers never stopped their strumming, mind wandering away as it tried to construct a face from a laugh.
“I know, I just- It’s just one question,” he pleaded, sensing Ben’s resolve wavering in the silence. “One highly specific question. You won’t have to reveal anything important, I swear.”
He didn’t respond, didn’t dignify that question with the effort, and glared white fury the inch up to Mycroft’s eyes.
John laughed, swaying to nudge Sherlock’s side with his shoulder, and the brunette smiled down at him, peering over the rim of his mug.
“Molly will fill ya in,” he replied, bobbing his head at the girl with a reassuring smile, and then turned his back to Sherlock’s wary gaze, jogging to the bench and beckoning the team to his side.
“This way,” Sherlock said as they reached the hallway, giving the strap of John’s shoulder bag a guiding tug to the right.
He’d forgotten all about the gun John had in their dorm, his father’s service pistol that he’d taken from his house at Christmas. How could he be imagining it if he’d forgotten it had ever existed?
John held his gaze, eyes narrow and jaw shifting, and then huffed, rattling his head in defeat and twisting open the door. “Stay behind me,” he commanded, a reasonable compromise, and Sherlock nodded, following a few steps behind as they made their way downstairs, picking around the creaky spots.
Sherlock froze, lips slightly parted and eyes wide as he stared at the side of his friend’s face. The lower half of Molly’s face was obscured by the whipped cream atop her drink, but her eyes were saucers, darting between Irene’s godsmacked expression and John’s blazing glare, which tempered in the seconds that followed, a sheepish blush creeping into the blond’s cheeks.
John’s breathing was ragged, his fists whitening with tension, and there was a muscle protruding from his neck as he clenched his jaw, the thing Sherlock chose to focus on rather that his blazing eyes. “How- When- What
, I care,” he insisted, quiet and earnest. “You- We’ve known each other a long time,” he continued, and Sherlock absolutely could
“Siger!” Mrs. Holmes shushed, and Sherlock’s father sucked his lips in over his teeth, eyes comically wide as he glanced between his sons. “I’m sure it was an accident,” she muttered, tucking a loose curl of greying hair behind her ear, a mark of time she wore with a proud adage: ‘It shows what I’ve survived’. “Now, you’re being rude,” she admonished, turning to face him and tidying the knot in his tie. “Go and welcome our guests.”
“You do need friends, Sherlock,” she answered, reading his mind in that annoying way she’d adapted over the years of being his tutor (and, in spite of his protests, babysitter when Mycroft was away -which was always). “Besides, I’ll be glad to get out of those dormitories. Honestly, the things you boys say.” She shook her head disapprovingly as she fumbled with the keys in her hand.
John pushed ahead of him through the door into the locker room, and, from there, Sherlock mostly just followed him around, watching as John flicked switches and tested radiators.
“Er, no,” he muttered, shaking his head so rapidly, his eyes rattled in their sockets. “No. Absolutely not.”
“And my mother did hire a terrifying woman to make enough food for an army,” Sherlock babbled breathlessly, and John froze, eyes dipping to the floor as his hands latched onto Sherlock’s. “What?” he asked, absolute terror running through him as John shook his head, his grip involuntarily tightening as the room swam in circles.
After several minutes, he started typing, the words coming in rushes and lulls at first, and then flowing, a steady stream of recalled details. He got up at one point to lock the door, a habit he was trying to set for himself in spite of the unlikelihood of intruders all the way down here, and fetched a notebook and pencil from his backpack to jot down the things he thought of before he got to that point in the narrative. Before he knew it, the door handle was rattling, and he started, snapping his laptop shut as he leapt from the bed.
“I’ll hang this up over the radiator,” she said, bobbing the arm that held Sherlock’s dripping coat, and Sherlock smiled, dipping a grateful nod as the woman retreated back behind the door of her flat.
Sherlock opened his mouth, but was still a little slow on the uptake, John humming with understanding before he could explain.
Mary’s eyes narrowed to slits, shifting skeptically between them. “And no teasing him either!” she added, and John’s stomach swirled at that, that promise a bit more difficult to make.
?” Sherlock sputtered, looking open-mouthed between the offensive—and rather lengthy—series of bullet points and John’s face.
“Take comfort: he no more shall see my face,” she said, taking a step back toward John where he hovered at her shoulder. “Lysander and myself will fly this place. Before the time I did Lysander see,” she continued, twisting toward him as she took his hand, and John blinked, not remembering
“Sherlock, please,” he begged, and it might have worked if Sherlock wasn’t already decided, might have tugged on his heartstrings if there were any left unbroken. “I know Mycroft will have people following you and everything, but- Well, they can’t plan for everything; they can’t watch everyone. It’s safer in here.”
here”—he tapped the table for emphasis—“but I will be at this cafe. If you’re here…it’s a date,” he blurted, his flushing cheeks belying the confident delivery. “A Valentine-less date. Or something,” he muttered, shaking his head at himself. “And, if you’re not, we just…forget this whole thing ever happened and stay friends who enjoy yelling at one another in clubs.” He paused, scanning Sherlock’s face for something, but he must not have found it because he asked, “Okay?”
been looking at him, she no longer was, her face dropped toward her lap as she dabbed a tissue beneath her lower lash line.
with figuring out who sang it because you couldn’t remember,” Mike explained, hardly decipherable through the giggling, but John’s eyes widened with horror as the words began to spark flashes of memory. “And you kept
! I didn’t care if I had to kill a few more of those fucking snakes to get your addict detective’s attention, so long as the bastard who murdered my sister-”
He had heard Mike and Sherlock come up the stairs at around 9pm, their mingled voices and laughter muffled through the walls before twin doors thumped closed, but John had waited until nearly 10 before venturing out himself, his restless legs longing to wander along with his mind. He’d paced the ballroom window for a time, meandering into the kitchen for a cup of tea, and then retired to the library, starting the fire himself and graduating to scotch, tomorrow now a mere ten minutes away from the creeping hands of the mantel clock.
talking about hiring an Easter Bunny come April,” he remarked, and Sherlock shuddered, John chuckling as he began adding water to the coffee machines.
“So, no illustrious affair?” John asked, Sherlock’s answering laugh bouncing loud and bright down the line.
The springs creaked as John settled in beside him, whistling out a heavy sigh as he pulled the duvet up to his chest, folding an arm back behind his head and staring at the ceiling.
“Er, yeah,” John stammered, swallowing hard against the nausea rolling up his throat. “My-My sister- Sorry, I-”
A whistle blew behind them, the three rugby players turning instinctively at the sound to find the team drifting away from their warmups to the sidelines, the game about to begin.
Sherlock sucked hard on the upstroke, his lips popping as John’s cock fell free, only to be captured by Sherlock’s hand, sliding up and down the spit-slick skin. “Like a sailor,” he murmured, and John couldn’t even be mad, every other emotion and sense shut down so he could focus solely on the drag of Sherlock’s hand over his skin, which meant he jumped rather significantly when Sherlock’s tongue reappeared, sliding down between his balls as he tilted John’s cock upward.
“You did that on purpose,” he muttered, giving her head a closing ruffle, brown eyes tipping up to assure him she’d never do any such thing.
He tried to fight the redness climbing up his neck. “Er, yeah,” he muttered, clearing his throat. “Yeah, it’s fine,” he added with a strained smile, a little uncomfortable with the possibility of Mrs. Hudson touching his underwear, but more uncomfortable with what she would assume was in the suitcase if he refused her help.
John smiled as he nodded. “Pleasure to meet you, Mrs. Hudson,” he amended, and she positively beamed at him. “So, do you live on the grounds?” he asked as he bent down to begin unpacking his luggage.
real this time, John standing there, his father’s pistol in hand and an agonized look in his eyes, but, less than a blink later, a pair of gun-toting men in suits burst into the room, no doubt the real saviors, and Sherlock tried to compose himself, pointedly averting his eyes from the mirage.
Ripped shards of paper tumbled in front of his eyes, whispering over his cheeks as they fluttered to the floor.
Sherlock straightened and froze, slowly lowering the tongs back to the table, and John could physically feel the sudden shift in the air. “At the moment,” Sherlock said, soft but deliberate, “Tomato Ketchup.”
on top of missing cues in the first place, but Sherlock only nodded. “Fine, sir. Won’t happen again,” he assured, although he couldn’t guarantee it. Now that he thought about it, his head had been somewhere else all day, his mind palace a bit fuzzy around the edges, like the windows needed cleaning.
John coughed again, swallowing down at the still speedometer. “This was fun,” he blurted, flipping a hand toward the window, as if to gesture to the evening itself. “The-The movie and everything.”
John smirked, feeling more accomplished than he ever had in his life, and turned around to throw a smug, ‘I told you so’ comment at Sherlock, but the look on the boy’s face erased it from his mind.
“Maybe you should take a kip before your fireworks,” she offered, frost now thawed. “That is, if Sherlock’s test runs don’t keep you up.”
“We don’t have any new clients scheduled before Christmas, and everything’s pretty much planned for the holiday mixers. Irene can handle anything else that comes up.”
He took in a breath, closing his eyes to steady himself before trying to calmly turn back up to John. “I was going to tell you,” he said, and John laughed, the sound sending shivers up Sherlock’s spine. “I was, I just- I needed more time.”
“But,” he somewhat blurted, like the syllable had been held behind his lips, pressure building, “if-if you could avoid it…a little longer…” He faded away, expression twitching in a small frown of hesitation, and John smiled, shifting out of his retreating stance and lifting an inquiring brow to encourage him on. Sherlock straightened up, confident demeanor returning as a smile tugged lightly at the corner of his mouth. “I should probably do something in recompense for intruding on your evening,” he remarked, and John laughed, equal parts perplexed and charmed by the sudden shift to Shakespeare-in-the-street.
Supposedly, the man had been shot by his wife sometime that morning—the neighbors reporting hearing shots at around 8am, though the police hadn’t heard about it until the woman’s 999 call when she’d supposedly woken up at 10:30—after they’d been heard publically arguing at a Christmas party the night before about him flirting with his secretary, something Sherlock filed away as an excuse to be too traumatized to attend his mother’s that evening. The woman couldn’t remember a thing about the shooting, seemingly due to the drinking, but Sherlock was suspicious of her horrible headache. It seemed more likely to him that she had been drugged, and, on top of that, that her husband was killed somewhere else on the property and moved into the kitchen—most likely somewhere on the grounds, considering the blades of grass on the right sleeve of his shirt. There were black fibers under the armpits of his shirt, the only place they were present, which would suggest that the body had been picked up, and, considering the size of the man, there must have been someone else carrying him at the ankles, which was further confirmed by a small fingernail-shaped cut on the man’s lower calf. Man and a woman, then. Seemed obvious enough. That and the fact that there was not nearly enough blood at the scene made Sherlock nearly positive, but he still had an ace up his sleeve. He’d wait for Lestrade to reveal that one though.
Sherlock smiled, his heart breaking not even an adequate analogy anymore, the feeling more akin to every rib splintering up through his skin.
The car started to move, but neither man broke the silence, John not dropping his glare even as his fingers slid into his pocket. Only when he had removed his phone did he break the stare, his eyes following down the reel of his contacts list.
“Come on,” Sherlock grumbled, rolling his eyes as he started toward the door. “Before she pulls out the whip.”
Irene laughed, a pitiful, dying sort of sound. “Because I like you, Sherlock Holmes,” she said, soft with sincerity, and Sherlock immediately regretted asking. “I know it might not seem like it—hazard of the profession—“ she chuckled, waving a hand down over her body, “but I liked to think, maybe…you’d see.”
Anderson lifted a brow, casting a scathing look across the group. “Dinner is served,” he announced, stepping back into the dining room, but no one moved, turning to Sherlock with anxious eyes.
As much as he hoped it was a forgone conclusion, he wasn’t quite so ignorant to social customs to think he could get away with not formally asking John to move in with him. They’d never talked about it—not specifically, at least—but the fact that they’d both be attending university in London had come up, and Sherlock had made it abundantly clear with his forged application maneuver that he wanted John to stay close. Still, staying
John, mouth full, snapped his fingers and pointed up to Sherlock to second the point, causing Sherlock to grin while Mary groaned.
there, a sort of twisting pinch in his chest every time he saw John ignore a text or lie about being unavailable that weekend. He and John were just friends, and always would be, a fate he had long-ago come to be grateful for rather than resent, but there was still a part of him, a sliver even his best-efforts couldn’t silence, that wanted to believe it was possible, that there was a John Watson who would go on sixth dates and shake hands with your father, but, if none out of the veritable parade of women John had dated over the past two years could draw it out of him, Sherlock didn’t stand a chance.
“Do you have anything we could use on John’s hair?” she repeated, turning back to John to push up at the front of his cut. “Something to make it a little less…”
Émile moved in front of Sherlock, dropping his hand down to help him up. “Shall we?” he offered as John’s foil clamored into a slot, the Velcro of his gloves shredding through the room.
“Why?” Sherlock spluttered, wiping the back of his hand across his mouth, and John snapped up the syrup himself, bowing his head to his waffle.
“Why would I be upset?” The detective’s face remained impassive, but there was a touch of bite slipping into his tone now, and John hesitantly shuffled a small step closer.
“John, do not leave that dormitory,” Mycroft interjected, and John’s eyes pinched shut, a stiff swallow moving down his throat. “The people I have onsite are coming to you now, and I have a full team on the way. We have a plan for this; we know what we’re doing.”
“GOODBYE, Sherlock!” John bellowed over his shoulder as he continued down the corridor, but he was sure Sherlock could somehow hear his smile.
John shook his. “Our lab. Across from the dorm.” Mike gave him a curious look he could only pick up in the corner of his eye, his focus still on Mary, who seemed rather alarmed.
They leaned against the wall then, he and Mary watching as Sherlock stepped out in front of the class with Molly, the students falling silent as they took their places, and John couldn’t help but smile, hands folding behind the small of his back.
Sherlock hummed, nodding again, and then stilled, looking down to where his hand shifted against his duvet. “You sure it wasn’t the kiss?” he asked in a rapid mutter, expression sarcastically concerned.
anything, other than some rather graphic descriptions of dancers’ toes he’d like to bleach out of his brain, that is. He didn’t know what the particular twists and turns of the man’s body were called, only that he couldn’t tear his eyes away from them, couldn’t fathom ever having considered anything beautiful when this was clearly the only true thing worthy of the word, and, periodically, when the man would scowl and rattle his head with some internal disappointment before moving back to his starting position, John would stare in disbelief, unable to conceive how he could possibly think he’d made a mistake. John had watched the odd video clip of
“Don’t say a word,” Molly snapped as he walked slowly toward the cash, eyes wide with horror as they darted around, taking it all in. “The owner came in
“Shut up,” John scolded, swinging an arm out to swat at him, but he was grinning now, hand falling down to Sherlock’s leg before tangling with his pale fingers. “Hey,” he muttered suddenly, turning to frown down Sherlock’s body, “weren’t you supposed to go to the Yard? Get those files?”
John burst out the doors of Kingsley House, garnering more than a few strange glances, but he looked right through the curious, prying eyes. He half ran forward, tentative to commit to a direction before he was sure it was the right way. A swirl of black at the school gate caught his eye, and he raced after it.
With his now-free hand, he latched the deadbolt, lifting the fingers intertwined with Sherlock’s to slam against the door, pinning Sherlock’s hand alongside his head as he slotted their mouths back together. He then disentangled his digits, pushing down along Sherlock’s palm to his wrist as Sherlock whined, trying to grind up against him, but John gripped hard to his hip, forcing him back as he lifted his lips away.
“Oh, yeah, forgot ‘bout that.” He let the tag fall back to his chest as he turned to Sherlock. “Well, didn’t think I’d be seeing you at this thing,” he said, smiling at the detective. “How much he payin’ ya?” He jerked his head toward John with a wink.
Sherlock scoffed, rattling his head as he dropped his face to the notebook in front of him, his interest in studying for chemistry suddenly renewed. “You’re seeing things,” he replied, arbitrarily turning a page. “What could’ve happened?”
“Stay here,” John said, his stern posture silhouetted in the doorway against the backdrop of the flashing club lights, “and don’t…talk to anyone.”
“Generally,” Sherlock shrugged. “Or they turn red and shout. One time, I got a drink thrown in my face.”
Mike’s words rose up in front of him as he walked, and he looked down at the navy numbers with renewed interest. Was that what Mr. Parish had meant, that he would have problems with this Sherlock Holmes?
“But it wouldn’t have mattered,” she stated with a painful smile, and Sherlock stayed silent, unwilling to lie for once—twice now, he supposed, considering John. “Oh well,” she sighed, “we can’t all be Julia Roberts, right?” She chuckled, and Sherlock winced slightly at the forced sound.
“No,” Sherlock mused, and John had to give up on the syrup before his waffle drowned, placing the bottle on the table and looking up to find Sherlock tilting his head across at his brother. “No, you most certainly
John watched him, expectant, but Sherlock did not continue, pulling free a small plastic card as they stopped in front of a door John only now noticed, the metal painted grey to match the concrete. “You want me to guess?” he deadpanned, and Sherlock chuckled, shaking his head.
to move out.” He stepped closer, and, for a flash, there was something threatening about it, almost predatory, and all traces of intoxication were gone. “I’m not going to give up. I’m not going to run away.”
“Sometimes, but you’re not asking,” he reminded, sliding the pads of his fingers up into the hair at the nape of John’s neck. “I am.”
“No,” Molly asserted calmly, catching him off-guard. “This is perfect! You never would’ve talked to him otherwise.”
“Night, Sh’lock,” he murmured back, a low chuckle the last sound he heard before sleep swept him away.
“Well, sorry this has to be your first experience,” he said good-humoredly. “But at least you’ll get to watch me get my arse kicked!”
John nodded thoughtfully as he straightened, and then turned to Sherlock, his mouth quirking in amusement. “How come you can remember
“Yeah, that’s one thing I don’t understand,” Lestrade said, shaking his head as he frowned at Mycroft. “You said we were supposed to pretend John was alive in order to draw Moriarty out, but now we’re actually…pretending we’re pretending he’s alive?” he murmured, finger shifting side-to-side through the air as he puzzled it out, but it must have made more sense to Mycroft than John because the elder Holmes nodded.
Sherlock, perceptive as ever, followed the shift, puffing a brief laugh. “Well, we can’t have that,” he replied, shaking his head, eyes dancing with a grin within his forced-severe face. “I only just broke the first one in.”
He turned, finding Molly standing at the foot of the bleachers, her hand flapping eagerly in the air. Sherlock and Irene stood just behind her, their faces turned toward one another as their mouths moved frantically, and then Sherlock irritably rattled his head, ending the conversation as he lifted his eyes to John’s. Reflexively, John smiled, darting his eyes to direct it at Molly before it got too creepy, and then made his way over to the group, Mike and Greg hot on his heels.
“Ha ha,” John mocked tonelessly, and she smiled into her coffee. “I don’t know, I’ll think of something. I’m pretty sure she said something about needing a new scarf, but she might have gotten one since now that the weather’s getting cold.”
John tilted his head, raising a brow. “Should I worry?” he asked, and Sherlock chuckled, shaking his head.
Mike stepped out first, an awkward breath passing before Sherlock waved John out ahead of him, and then dithered at the door, frowning down at his mobile as he scrolled over a novel of a text. “I’m so sorry, sir, but I’m afraid I’m needed at the palace.”
“Okay.” John placed a guiding hand on his arm, Sherlock hating himself as the banked fire in his chest jumped its borders at the touch. “How ‘bout we get you some water?”
“I don’t doubt it.” A short laugh huffed through Jeanette’s nose, her gaze sliding from his eyes to a point over his shoulder. “Though I might call it courage,” she mused, and then dropped her chin, smoothing her dress as a cough sounded at Sherlock’s shoulder.
She held up a hand. “I know you didn’t mind. I know that,” she headed off, and he closed his mouth. “But it shouldn’t have been your job, John.” Her eyes drifted away for a moment as she swallowed hard. “I’m good now,” she assured, grabbing onto one of his hands with both of hers, her smile watery. “Really,
Sherlock tilted his head, quirking an eyebrow as he pushed the door closed behind him. “Did you lock the door just so you’d know when to get in the chair?”
The seat in front of Molly had a backpack sitting beside it, as well as a yellow notebook and pencil already on the surface, so John sat on the left of that desk, leaving the seat behind him—and next to Molly—free for Sherlock.
“It means I’m asking you to dinner,” John answered, his patience clearly also growing thin, and, though Sherlock knew he should stop, knew when John was up to his elbows in soy milk was not the best time to have this conversation, but he had to know.
Sherlock didn’t know quite what to say to that, with John standing there smiling at him like he was a naughty child everyone loved anyway, so he kept his mouth closed, bowing his head and twisting his fingers as he stared at the floor.
“That too,” he quipped, laughing again as Sherlock rolled his eyes. Looking down at the duvet between them, he was silent for a long moment, his smile slowly fading, replaced by a thoughtful crease of his brow. “Sherlock?” he beckoned, Sherlock lifting his brows in response, and then hesitated, his mouth opening and closing several times before it produced sound. “You know- You know there’s nothing wrong with you,” he said, fixing Sherlock with one of those rare looks that seemed to go straight through him, “right?”
It was remarkably simpler going through things when Donovan and Anderson were fighting, Donovan far too focused on hating Anderson to make any rude comments about Sherlock, and John watched in awe as he poured over the files.
you or anything!” she spluttered, shaking her head, and John hesitantly smiled, uncertain if he should be comforted or offended. “I just mean…having someone,” she said, her voice dropping as she waved a hand out toward the brunette. “People don’t look at one another the way you do,” she murmured, turning her face to flash him a brief soft smile. “Not often, anyway.”
There was no reply, and John let the phone fall to his side, lifting his chin to search out over the grounds.
“Yes, well, that’s not- That’s more-” he began, and then stopped, closing his lips as he second-guessed the direction of the sentence.
“He’ll have me,” she snipped, narrowing her eyes as Victor turned around, “and he’s helping me with chemistry this weekend.” It was a lie, of course, but a well-told one, her expression remaining entirely blasé under Victor’s scrutiny. “Test next week,” she offered in explanation, dropping in a grimace for good measure, and Victor nodded in ignorant sympathy, oblivious to the fact that, though they did have a test next week, Irene most certainly did not need help.
“Sherlock Holmes?” he interrupted again, leaning to the side just enough for John to see the flame of a Bunsen burner stretching up in front of him. “I should hope so. Otherwise Langley has quite the security problem.”
Sherlock sucked his lips over his teeth, looking away for a moment as he rocked on his heels. “Fine,” he muttered, shrugging as if John were the most tiresome creature he had ever come across. “If you must. Now, get up,” he snapped, moving to leave. “Mrs. Hudson’s sandwiches wait for no man.”
Sherlock couldn’t move, however, still frozen staring at John as the lights and colors flashed across his face, and, after a moment, John looked back to him, expression curious.
to see him? I don’t want to lie any more than I already have. And it wouldn’t work anyway,” he added, folding his arms as he leaned a hip against the counter. “He’d know. I’m not exactly the ballet-enthusiast type.” He waved a hand down his body in gesture, and then sighed, lifting the same hand to squeeze at the growing tension in his neck. “I dunno, it’s probably better if I don’t go,” he mumbled, picking at a stain on his apron. “He might have friends there or something. Or his brother. I’d probably only embarrass him.”
John lifted his chin, a corner of his lip twitching as a wrinkle pinched between his brows. “Yes,” he snapped, and Sherlock shook his head out over the town with a breath of disbelief. “What?”
“Whipping a member of the royal family?” Sherlock mocked, but Irene didn’t reply, lifting a brow and regarding him coolly until he grew unnerved, flashing John a speculative glance.
Sherlock hummed, reaching forward to snap up one of the triangles, John hovering on the opposite side of the coffee table, a fond smile plucking at his lips.
Sherlock lifted a hand, uncertain if his mouth smiled like he told it to, having lost all feeling in his face.
John smiled brightly, tilting his head, and Sherlock nearly dropped the mug as his heart skittered. “We don’t need to,” John said, reaching up to tug one of the strings of his sweatshirt out from where it had wormed its way inside the collar to press against Sherlock’s neck, “I just thought it might make you feel better to bother him.”
“Sorry about that, Ryan,” John sighed, nodding his head toward the front of the flat. “Mycroft will not be denied.”
do the right thing, John,” she said, thumb gently shifting back and forth in his hair, the barest hint of a touch. “You have to believe that. You did everything you could.” She smiled, tilting her head, her hand settling more firmly around the curve of his skull. “You can’t save people who don’t wanna be saved.”
“What am I supposed to do!?” Sherlock exploded, weeks of pent-up frustration boiling over at the wrong person, and Irene’s eyes flew wide, a hand lifting in front of her as she staggered back. “Every second I waste, Moriarty’s getting closer! I don’t know anything about him, Irene; I have
“Er, sure,” John muttered, flashing Mary an apologetic smile as he rose, following the coach until they were standing against the wall several feet away, out of earshot of anyone else.
Sherlock’s glare could’ve melted the ice caps, but the only thing John noticed was that he was eating his eggs.
“Assignment sheet for English,” he answered, turning it toward Sherlock as he looked up. “I was trying to pick what two texts I wanted to read off the list. Ya know, the ones we have to compare to
Before long, they were gone, trailing back up the hill toward campus, their hands miming explosions as their enthused voices drifted back.
Sherlock bobbed his head, looking out at the street ahead of them, and John stole glances at him in the silence, his fingers shifting anxiously against the steering wheel.
“God,” John sighed, his abdominal muscles finally loosening enough to permit speech. “Why am I actually
“Did you see the café today?” he clipped, pointing his cutlery packet back through the wall in the vague direction of the building. “My fingers are
Mycroft smiled again, more genuine this time—or as genuine as a smile ever looked on his face—and nodded. “I certainly hope so.” He straightened up, both hands braced on his umbrella as he looked imperiously down at Sherlock. “I don’t need to tell you how serious this is, Sherlock, but since you seem determined to get yourself killed before the age of 20, I’ll remind you. You are not, under any circumstances, to conduct any action without consulting me first. Do I make myself clear?”
“But,” John murmured, looking forlornly down at his dramatic retelling of Sherlock smacking the cobra away with a lamp, “that’s what happened.”
“He’s not coming back,” Sherlock said, startling him slightly as he slowly lifted his chin. “In case that wasn’t clear,” he added, lips quirking in a frail smile, an effort John weakly returned. The man sighed, pushing at the bottom of his water glass as he slid it side-to-side in small motions. “You know, all in all,” he said suddenly, looking thoughtfully out ahead of him, “this evening could have gone a lot worse.”
“Baby steps, Sherlock, baby steps,” John quipped, tipping a smile back over his shoulder as he dodged around a thick support beam, and Sherlock smiled back only a second before he froze, body rattling to a stop as he stared down at the grass, heart thundering in his ears. A few feet ahead, John stopped, realizing Sherlock wasn’t beside him any longer, and turned back, a curious frown creasing his features.
John pulled out her chair, the “couple” exchanging polite smiles before John dropped into his own seat, and Sherlock examined the tilt of their bodies, the slight stiffness in their adjacent sides. Some of it could be written off to nerves, he allowed, anyone expected to be uncomfortable with the prospect of facing an inquisition on their compatibility, but it looked like something more than that, something deeper.
“And you don’t want to go?” Sherlock presumed, John tipping his head side-to-side in half-confirmation.
“Thanks,” she panted as John gingerly took the tray from her, balancing the plates of pasta and what looked like the chicken special on his palm. “I’ll be over to check on them in a second, I’ve just gotta get the drinks out to 15 first.”
“Did you see that?” John breathed, tapping his shoulder lightly with the backs of his fingers. “A gummy bear. Can you believe it? A gummy bear!”
Interested in a new Sherlock/fandom convention in Minneapolis next summer? Mssmithlove and a glorious gang of geeks are working hard to bring one to life, so please take a hot two minutes to complete
?” his father mocked, rattling his head as he scoffed. “Looked like a hell of a lot more than that to me.”
“I am?” John murmured, so bewilderedly preoccupied, the lift door nearly knocked him over as it nudged forward.
“I-I always wanted another dog,” he expounded, watching his fingertips twist and tangle in the blue fabric. “When I was settled someplace. I thought that wouldn’t be for ages, but...but maybe we could get one,” he said, putting added emphasis on the plural, John’s breath catching as his chest ceased its steady rise and fall. “Here. After graduation. Mrs. Hudson would put up a bit of a fuss, of course, but she’s talked about getting a cat before, so I don’t think she’d be
They lapsed into silence then, notably less uncomfortable, but their time was running short, people making their way back into the school as classes drew near.
“Okay,” he sighed, looking between the button-downs, tongue sliding out over his lips as he thought.
“Precisely,” the woman agreed, tipping the prescribed amount of wine into a carafe. “Which is why he deserves someone who actually shows up.”
“We’ll restart with a scrum. One minute,” John heard someone say, and looked up to see Coach Powles nodding. The man’s brown eyes then settled on John, and what had once been guilt was replaced with cold dread.
“I can’t sing,” Sherlock replied as they opened their doors, stepping out onto the asphalt, “but I think I’d rather you tell me the truth before I embarrassed myself on national television regardless.”
“I’m not sleeping with him,” he answered, eyes fixed on the white top of one of the lunch tables down below.
“Oh, no, this is mine,” he said, shaking his head at Irene’s frown. “I mean, obviously, it was John’s
Irene tilted her head, an Oscar-worthy wrinkle of confusion folding her forehead. “What do you mean?”
Sherlock pinched his eyes closed, cold tears rolling backward into his hair. Tugging the duvet up over his shoulder, he rolled onto his side, muffling a sniff against his pillow as he drew in a choked breath. “John?” he breathed into the silence, blinking out at the hazy shape of his desk in the filtered afternoon sun, but there was no reply, and, after waiting several more beats of his heart, he closed his eyes, burying his face into the dampening pillow.
“John’s not cynical,” he challenged, slurping at what was probably coffee even though John had told him a hundred times to switch to tea. “He’s actually
“Nothing,” Sherlock grumbled, narrowing his eyes at the woman as he lifted his cup, but Irene pretended not to notice, addressing John as if he’d never spoken.
“But you said he was at work,” John recalled, hoping nothing important had been deleted from his brain to make room for this lunacy. “And, even if he wasn’t, they live in the
John smiled, his chest heating with that weird sort of pride that mediocre compliments from Sherlock Holmes inspired. “I’m fine, Mrs. Hudson, really,” John assured, adding a nod for extra effect as Mrs. Hudson raised an eyebrow. “I went to breakfast pretty late, and Sherlock had waffles,” he added, smiling to himself briefly as he considered that this would not be a noteworthy accomplishment with anyone else.
, Sherlock!” Lestrade barreled on, and Sherlock turned to Mycroft, finding the blood traitor conveniently avoiding his eyes. “Even just having someone to talk to. I brought you that jacket because I thought it would
Greg shook his head. “No, she’s coming up to the castle. The queen wanted everyone together for the first night, introductions and all that. I won’t even be there,” he said, the corners of his lips turning down in disappointment. “I’ll be eating with the staff. But I told her I’d take her back after and we could grab a drink or something if she wasn’t too tired.”
John spluttered in disbelief, catching flies as he stared at the back of the man’s head, the dark curls haloed by the torchlight as it bounced off the office windows. “You’re shitting me,” he said flatly, but Sherlock only chuckled, shaking his head.
“Alright. I’ll be back in a half hour or so. Erickson and Bennet are downstairs, if you need anything.”
a matchmaker!” he blustered, glancing to Sherlock. “There’s only, what, three or four options? We can decide for ourselves.”
“Okay, that’s a start,” Mary urged, leaning forward over their combined armrests. “So, she works a lot. Good. Maybe…maybe you could get her one of those foot massage things! Or a gift certificate for a spa! That’s even girlier than the lotion though, isn’t it?” she muttered, grimacing sheepishly, but John just laughed.
He heard Sherlock chuckle as he rounded the first landing, a clang of metal and shuffling footsteps following thereafter.
“I love you,” he whispered, not to be heard, but to say it, to speak it into the universe and so make it true, a solemn oath sworn to the darkness. He gripped John’s hand as an understanding washed over him, the little ember of anger he’d been breathing life into snuffed out by its wake, because there was nothing,
“Colleague?” Lestrade huffed angrily as he approached. “You’re 17, for chrissakes. What kind of colleague could you possibly have?”
John chuckled, shuffling his feet on the ground. “I didn’t really doubt you,” he admitted with a small shrug. “I just- Well, I’d never seen one before. A fireworks show, I mean.” He kept his eyes fixed on the sky as he watched Sherlock turn to him in his peripheral vision. “From a distance, sure, and the odd one that the neighbors set off, but never…never
John blinked. And then again. And then once more, and only then did it start to make a small amount of sense. “Wait, ten- ten months?” he clarified, and Sherlock rolled his eyes at the repetition. “That’s when school ends.”
“John,” Mycroft said, and that part of John that could not help but be polite forced him to look back at the man’s face. “If you reconsider, you have my number.” He smiled, bright and falsely charming. “Enjoy your Szechuan chicken.”
“Suit yourself!” he chirped, pointedly ripping off a chunk of his slice and chewing as he held Sherlock’s gaze. “Mmmmm, cheese.”
Sherlock hoped the dim of the room helped hide his flush somewhat as he twisted briskly back to the window. “I have no idea what you’re talking about,” he answered loftily, but Lestrade just laughed.
“You’re getting pulled in by him,” she said, and, as John’s teeth clenched, he realized how annoying that tone was coming from someone other than Sherlock. “Don’t. He’s dangerous, John. He’s not like us. He’s…wrong.”
“Er,” Sherlock muttered, summoning his attention back, “do I...” He pointed to the foils, John dismissing the notion with a laugh.
“I don’t know if you remember me,” he said, Sherlock rushing after him, heart hammering. “John Watson? I used to come over here sometimes. Nearly burned your kitchen down once,” he chuckled, looking expectantly up at the man.
Finally, he blinked away, shifting his posture back to face the man as he tugged his arm free, reaching out to drop the whipped cream canister on the counter, and Sherlock gave him a small nod of gratitude before starting in.
“I want you all to be good sports out there. Sheffield doesn’t have the best reputation when it comes to clean games, but I don’t want to see any of that from you lot, understood?”
“The only way,” he echoed bitterly, shaking his head as he felt the embers of anger being stoked back to life in his chest. “Three days,” he hissed, turning a blazing glare to his brother, whose eyes widened as his approach stalled. “You let me- Three
Sherlock smiled, stomach swirling with bile. “You look fine,” he said, fingers curling in a suppressed flinch as John grinned, his eyes still soft with sleep.
The referee signaled to stop the clock, waving Coach Powles onto the field, but he was already halfway there, rushing forward with his clipboard tucked beneath his arm.
The feelings of certain characters toward certain actors and films do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the author. Except in this case because that movie was embarrassing.
“Heya!” the man greeted with disarming familiarity. “I was wondering when we’d lure you over. Thought you might have frozen to that tree.” He chuckled, wriggling a cup from the top of the stack and flicking on the tap.
Sherlock shook his head dimly, staring at the fear-stricken form of Ethan as Lestrade moved and left the room.
“Your suitors are here,” John heard him say as Lestrade’s head appeared at the top of the stairs, frowning at Sherlock’s back as the boy stomped past him, collapsing onto the sofa with a flourish that bounced John on the cushion beside him.
His wallet, laptop, mobile, and necessary chargers were all in the bag hanging from his shoulder, so that was something, at least, but he had only the clothes on his back, and the jeans, thin royal blue sweater, and coat, though comfortable, would soon prove ineffective against the late-November chill as the sun sank lower in the sky. To make matters worse, the clouds overhead had been gradually darkening over the past few hours, thickening with inevitable rain, and, sure enough, as Sherlock neared the corner, he felt a drop land heavy on his head, a shiver running down his spine as the water wound its way to his scalp.
A corner of John’s mouth lifted, smearing a crooked smirk across his face, and then he moved away, walking back to the help desk, Sherlock only barely managing to drop his eyes from the back of his head before he turned around.
“I don’t know!” John growled, a fortnight’s frustration coming out at the wrong person, and he took a slow breath. “It’s just a feeling. I don’t know; it’s probably nothing.”
Sherlock started, but held the fabric in place at his shoulder instinctively regardless. He twisted back to look at John, who was already resituating himself on his back. “Won’t you be cold now?” he asked, expression a little lost, his fingers tightening at the collar of the jacket.
“Bothering me?” Sherlock snapped, yanking his arm out from John’s hand as he spun to glare at him. “It’s a hell of a lot more than
“You apologized?” Sherlock interjected, and John met his eyes, mouth moving soundlessly as a helpless frown creased his face.
“Okay then,” the man mumbled, meeting John’s gaze in fleeting glances before turning away, pushing open the door and stepping out onto the pavement, the rain falling in a more tolerable mist now. “Thanks for the ride,” he added, bending down to smile back at John through the door, and John couldn’t help but beam.
“Have you ever been in love?” he repeated, and John lifted off the back of the chair to curl forward, suddenly too open, too exposed.
“Might as well,” Sherlock replied, lifting his cup into John’s waiting hand, and then settled back in his chair, savoring the sniping sounds of the season.
“Is what true?” John muttered, brow furrowing as he looked beyond her to Sherlock for an explanation, but the brunette was still glaring determinedly at Mycroft, who was smirking back.
“Belike for want of rain, which I could well,” Mary spoke, looking up at the ceiling, her brow furrowing in thought. “Beteem them…from the tempest of my eyes,” she finished in a mutter, dropping her head expectantly, and John tried to dredge up his reply.
With faintly trembling fingers, he tugged at the silver strand, the bow neatly coming undone, and then tore through the paper, the sound barely drowning out the thumping of his heart in his ears. The paper removed enough to free the contents, he wriggled loose the box, letting the wrappings fall to their feet, and then barked a startled laugh, slapping a hand to his mouth as his shoulders shook with mirth.
John huffed a small laugh, but Lestrade did not, and, after a moment, the smile slipped from his face. “Wait, really?” he muttered, wondering exactly what sort of people he’d gotten himself mixed up with—or rather, Mike had—but, before Lestrade could reply, the metal door swung open, setting loose an unmistakable voice.
“Seriously?” John hissed, but Sherlock only shrugged, turning back to Harry as the girl threw her head back with a laugh.
The woman shook her head, and John put a cross through the appropriate box, scratching in the abbreviation for hot chocolate before sitting the cup down beside him.
“What are you doing up here?” Mrs. Hudson was slowly making her way up the hill, wobbling as her heels periodically sunk into the grass. “It’s going to rain again soon, and I won’t have you catching a cold on my watch!”
“It was required!” John defended, but Sherlock didn’t appear to be listening, planting a palm back on the table for support as he curled forward with laughter, and John bit hard at the inside of his cheek to fight to keep glaring.
“Sherlock!” the man said, and John prepared himself to intervene as he seemed to be going in for a hug, but he then lowered his outstretched arms. “Didn’t expect to see you here! Molly didn’t mention you two were coming.”
Sherlock shook his head, forehead creasing. “No, there’d be no point. You’ll be nearly done by the time Lestrade gets here.”
case, the reason Sherlock had shut him out, the thing that kept Sherlock from remembering to sleep or eat. He kept hoping it would be the next one, his heart beating a little faster with every folder Sherlock handed him, but it was always something small, too simple to be causing so much anxiety.
“Hey!” John bleated, and then looked self-consciously around before lowering his voice. “Don’t do that! If you want to know, you can just ask.”
Mrs. Watson blinked, arm still outstretched in the final position of her swing, and then she too stilled, eyes widening in dawning horror.
John restrained his shock remarkably well, all things considered, his expression quickly shifting through concerned pity to acceptance. He nodded almost imperceptibly before turning his attention back to the file, but the wrinkle between his eyebrows did not entirely disappear. That small, shadowed furrow contained so many questions, but they would, for the moment, remain unasked and unanswered.
“It’s been two hours,” John muttered, a clearing of Mike’s throat seeming to remind him of his manners, and he inclined his head, a stiff smile twisting at his lips. “Thank you for the invitation,” he replied, stepping aside as he tugged off his gloves, waving one over his shoulder in Sherlock’s direction. “This is…my associate,” he grumbled within the sea of tuned ears, “Mr. Sherlock Holmes.”
“THEN WHY CAN’T YOU DO IT!?” his father bellowed, rounding on him, Sherlock stumbling over his own feet as he leapt back. “Why can’t you ever just do as I say!?”
“Careful!” he snapped, but Molly hushed him, bowing her head low over the wound, and Sherlock glanced over her shoulder, scanning across Mike and Mary’s concerned expressions before finding Ryan’s miserable one loitering in the doorway, a sense of satisfaction that felt very much like nausea whirling in his stomach.
“Still,” Mycroft continued, tapping his umbrella on the floor for emphasis, “it might be time to update your network security. I could send some of my people over, if you’d like.”
“I’m serious,” John assured, nodding emphatically. “Show me what it is you see here,” he continued, sweeping a hand over the pictures. “Maybe I can help.”
“Don’t remind me,” he muttered miserably, and John just laughed, grazing a kiss to the corner of his forehead. “You’re still saying that line wrong, you know.”
“Lesbian years are different,” she muttered, waving a dismissive hand in the air as John rolled his eyes.
Several thumps sounded at his left, followed by the creak of a door, and John turned just as Lyle poked his head out of 221C, casting his gaze around the foyer before his eyes widened on John.
“Sherlock?” John prompted, and the man sighed, scraping his teeth over his lip as he twisted his hands together in front of him.
“Why don’t we stick to the fire for now?” he said, and Irene sighed, rolling a hand to prompt him onward. “When did you first become aware-”
Sherlock just smiled, watching John’s face slowly slacken with sleep as he played on, indescribably grateful that, of all the dorm rooms in all the towns in all the world, John had walked into his.
be that simple,” he muttered, rattling his head, as if arguing more with himself on the validity of John’s assertion. “People don’t just
Every poorly-acted video he’d been forced to watch in school, every pamphlet that had been distributed, every emergency alert that broke through his program on the telly combined together in his mind to tell him that getting anywhere near that car was the worst idea imaginable. But, with that icy command, John had just placed the familiar quality of that voice, and he was too curious to walk away. Closing his fists and straightening his back defiantly, John marched toward the vehicle, trying not the think about how the effect was probably significantly damaged by the Chinese swinging at his side. He climbed into the car, taking the first available seat beside the door and getting his first glance at the owner of those shoes.
“It’s fine though,” he continued, even though Sherlock showed no signs of caring, but his mouth seemed to want to say it. “We’re still friends and everything.”
?! Sorry, I-I’m sorry,” he muttered, a hand darting out to grasp Sherlock’s arm through the blanket as his rage momentarily boiled.
“No,” he answered, shaking his head, the raw torment in his glittering eyes stopping John’s heart when they fixed on him. “I’ll be fine on my own.”
“I don’t-” John started, but Sherlock was already gone, ducking back into the kitchen with the last word. John huffed, and then closed the window, opening another rather than playing Russian roulette through the individual tabs.
something?” She glanced up at him then, just barely out of the tops of her eyelids, and John was fairly certain what she saw was him blanching with panic.
John tilted his head at his ever-stranger roommate, wondering just how many more oddities would come out of Sherlock before he got used to it. “You need to eat,” he chided, sliding the plate back.
John, for his part, only smiled against Sherlock’s mouth, and then, with painful deliberation, licked a slow wet stripe across Sherlock’s lower lip, the younger boy a trembling mess by the time he reached the opposite side.
“For example,” Mycroft continued, not noticing or ignoring Sherlock’s gaping expression, “why didn’t you tell John about Moriarty right away? Why did you try to wait until you could tie it up yourself?”
, performed a miracle and gotten on a plane to drop in at a crime scene and be with Sherlock for Christmas. The fact that the sun had lightened his hair and darkened his skin to give him the appearance of some sort of sculpted Greek god probably also had something to do with the dryness in his mouth, but, either way, it was all Sherlock could do to scrape syllables past his teeth.
He had, rightly so, insisted that he would hear anyone who wasn’t John coming and act accordingly, but then John had asked how he could be absolutely positive he could tell the difference between his footsteps and anyone else’s, and Sherlock hadn’t been able to answer.
The woman—Sandra, he saw, glancing down when she dropped her head—huffed a short laugh, her bright pink lips lifting in a fragile smile. “I don’t know if I’ll ever be comfortable,” she said, and Sherlock took a breath, steeling himself for the inevitable hand-holding portion of the meeting. “After the divorce, I threw myself into my work. Trying to get this account or that office or the next big promotion. Then, earlier this year, I made partner, and I realized…there was nowhere else to go.” She shrugged, her youthful face weary with regret. “I’d run out of room to climb, but it still wasn’t high enough.”
reference, as, by all accounts, the prince appeared to be quite the philanthropist, Irene citing off several charities he publicly supported before Sherlock had covered his ears with his hands and tried to swat her away with an elbow.
“Great!” John chirped, the jovial sound falling like a hammer blow between them, and the man flinched appropriately. “You’re dismissed,” John added, flicking his fingers at him, and he quickly turned around, disappearing off into the crowd.
Molly giggled, and John and Sherlock’s eyebrows had a race on whose could climb into their hair the fastest. “No, not at all, but I don’t know if I have enough-”
When John’s glare met grey eyes, they were twinkling smugly, and Sherlock chuckled as he lifted his other hand to John’s hair. He lifted John’s head, cradling it for a moment as he shifted it back an inch or so, and John opened his mouth to make a smartass comment about how carefully he must have studied that photograph when his voice caught in his throat.
“What are you-” she whispered, but Sherlock hissed her quiet, silently lowering his bag to the floor next to his stool as he bent down.
with you!?” he demanded, eyes roving critically over John’s frame. “Just ten minutes ago, you were fine!”
Eventually, Sherlock’s laughter eased away, the two of them just standing there in the narrow width behind the counter, gazes crossing every now and again before darting away.
“No,” he said softly, meeting John’s surprised eyes for a second when they first flashed to him, and then needing to look away. “No, I-I wouldn’t.”
“With...with the liquor...” John mumbled, brow furrowing as the thought faded from his eyes, and then blinked, sighing heavily as he tipped his head back against the sofa. “You were right,” he repeated with a groan, and Sherlock chuckled, shaking his head at the side of the man’s miserable face.
!” he trumpeted, shaking his head violently. “How did you even- Holding hands!” He laced his two hands together, shaking the conglomerate in the woman’s face. “This is obviously- Where the hell did you get...
“I could go back to my Mercutio, if you’d prefer,” he teased, John’s mask muffling a likely uncharitable reply as he lifted his foil in readiness.
One of the boys in the year above him had tripped him during break near the beginning of the year, he and his friends drifting away in a chorus of laughter as Sherlock peeled himself up off the concrete, and then there was a pair of trainers in his vision—red with dirty white laces, the frayed tips splaying out sloppily against the cold grey stone.
He’d come up with thirteen alternate endings for the scene by the time he reached the café he and Molly always met at for lunch after her class, the girl waving a hand at him from a table she’d managed to capture in the corner. Weaving his way through the restaurant packed with students and faculty alike, he collapsed down into the seat opposite her, his usual tomato soup and ham and cheese panini combo already sitting on the table in front of him.
Gently, the rest of John’s fingers pushed at the underside of his chin, tilting it up from where Sherlock was trying to make himself smaller, and another swallow bobbed down Sherlock’s throat at the sudden exposure, John following the movement down his neck. He then turned his gaze up to Sherlock’s face once more, eyes pouring over every millimeter as his thumb stroked in a slow circle around Sherlock’s mouth. “God, you’re beautiful,” he breathed, Sherlock’s eyelids fluttering shut as the words brushed up his cheeks in a stroke of warm air, and John’s hand slipped back along his jaw, fingertips pushing into his hair as he kissed him, hard and claiming, and it was all Sherlock could do to stay upright as John pulled him away, backing him toward the bed.
Sherlock wondered what he thought about in those moments, what memory or mantra John Watson used to steady himself. Perhaps, if literally everything changed between them over the next few weeks, Sherlock would ask him. Or be gone by the end of the week. Depending.
He smiled, letting the stiffness in his body drip away, and Sherlock tilted his head at him curiously, obviously taking notice. “Come on,” John said softly, jerking his head toward the door, “let’s get you those nicotine patches.”
John glanced at her out of the corner of his eye, watching as the woman twisted her fingers into the grey fabric of her skirt where it draped over her lap.
“Yes, but you don’t,” Sherlock countered. He then stilled, his eyebrows furrowing down at the photo in front of John.
And, just like that, the heaviness lifted, John laughing in the warm glow of the fire as light and shadow swirled across their tethered hands.
Besides, John clearly preferred women, the handful of encounters with men he’d admitted to during a drinking game Sherlock had been eavesdropping on seeming to be the extent of his experience, and he certainly never
“Wha-What did you say?” Sherlock breathed, lungs not seeming to have the oxygen for full-bodied words in spite of the fact that he was borderline hyperventilating.
Sherlock shrugged again. “If you like. Mrs. Hudson was right about The Body Shop down the street. Although, they might have something here. Candles in the shape of Disney characters or something.”
John smiled, sliding up Sherlock’s jaw to brush a tendril of hair behind his ear. “I think that’s a great idea,” he said, and then brought his hand back to his side. “Of course, he could probably just drop them off,” he muttered, shrugging as he adjusted the cuff of his glove, “if you wanted to stay here. Me and my tie will be
Closing his eyes, he hung his head, blowing a breath down at the duvet draped between his knees as he tried to ease his once-again pounding heart.
Sherlock’s stomach tightened, but he managed to maintain neutrality in his expression as John entered the room, his footsteps gliding to keep the two mugs from sloshing. “You were back earlier than I’d anticipated,” he said, taking the cup John lowered.
John laughed, watching as Sherlock’s smile grew more pronounced, eventually becoming a chuckle as he rose to his feet and hoisted John up beside him.
She chuckled, moving across the aisle so only his desk separated them. “I asked if you were new here,” she repeated, a little louder this time.
“Oh,” Mary mused, unphased, her pale brow furrowing thoughtfully. “Body lotions? They have all the Christmas ones out now. Or you could always go for soap if lotion’s a bit too girly,” she added, lifting her eyebrows at him over the lip of her mug.
“And?” he asked, and Sherlock shifted against him, tilting his face up just enough for John to see his confused frown. “How flammable am I?”
! I mean, it’s-” She paused, looking out over her shoulders before leaning across toward him, her voice lowering to a whisper. “It’s your first Valentine’s Day as a couple,” she said, and John tried to stamp down a blush. “It’s kind of important.”
John stopped, lips pressing together as his forehead creased in a frown. “Okay?” he echoed, and Sherlock nodded, squeezing back against his hand.
John sighed, and Sherlock could picture the frail smile in it now. “No,” he breathed. “No, I didn’t.”
“Dear god, what is it like in your funny little brains?” he muttered, shaking his head. “It must be so
Sherlock chuckled, shaking his head, and then pushed up away from the support beam, smiling as he bobbed his head back toward John’s car. “Let’s go, then,” he said, grinning when John quirked a brow. “Somebody promised me Pizza Express,” he added, and John laughed, turning toward the car park as he nodded.
Sherlock jerked his head up, looking over Victor’s shoulder to find John, dirt-streaked and sweaty, standing barely two meters away, fury sparking out of every pore on his cross-armed frame. His eyes were an icy slate, glinting even in the dim light, and Sherlock knew with absolute clarity that he never wanted to be on the other end of that gaze. When John’s eyes did flick to him, however, he saw something even more terrifying.
John hummed, handing Mike the pile of papers, which he slid into the side of his briefcase one-handed. “What’s next?” he murmured, and Mike glanced to Sherlock, lifting his own cup of coffee to his lips.
John turned to Sherlock, who was gaping up at him with an expression of awestruck fury he doubted he would ever see another face wear. “Call Lestrade,” he whispered, bending down to the man as the lights reignited overhead. “Pretend to be a custodian or something, tell him there’s been a break-in.”
John laughed, the knots he had tangled himself up in loosening a little. “Do you mean the staff or Mrs. Hudson and Mycroft?” he joked.
“Sounds good,” he replied, shoulders shaking slightly as a shiver coursed through him, and Sherlock rolled his eyes with a long-suffering sigh.
“I-” he whispered, hand slipping around from John’s shoulder to twist nervously at the collar of his shirt, “I don’t…want to.”
Sighing at him as if he were a lost cause, she grimly shook her head again before brushing past him, and John could hear her mumbling something to Anderson behind his back.
He did not reply, striding briskly out of John’s sight and around the school to the now empty courtyard, and then farther still, his feet carrying him over a path long-unvisited, but never forgotten.
Victor stopped his advance, his brown eyes blinking stupidly as they widened. He then huffed a chuckle, and Sherlock’s stomach rolled as he watched the reveal of stained teeth when the man sneered.
Sherlock was no longer at the door, instead having moved to his desk across the room, riffling through  papers and notebooks in a manner that was clearly only to be doing something with his hands, but his brow was furrowed as if deeply considering every page.
“What about Meg Ryan?” John appeared at Molly’s back, biting his lip as he lowered the two mugs in front of their respective owners, Molly’s whipped cream wobbling precariously.
John blinked, uncertain how to react when the sentence sounded so sad but Sherlock looked unmoved. “Oh?” he murmured. “Why not?”
“I know it was an awful thing to do, alright?” he pleaded, trying to sort through the emotions on John’s face, but they were changing too fast for him to keep track of, and it didn’t help that his vision was blurring. “I know it was. But, John,” he urged, hoping his eyes conveyed half the sincerity of his pounding heart, “I
“Don’t!” Sherlock spouted, jolting away from the comforting touch, palm outstretched to hold John at bay, and the blond instantly recoiled, eyes wide and expression stricken. “Don’t
Sherlock rolled his eyes, and John’s irritation returned in full force. “Because I don’t feel like inspiring a national emergency if he comes up and finds us gone.”
“Or you’re severely underestimating it,” John countered, grinning smugly at his own line, and Sherlock was quiet a long moment before awkwardly clearing his throat.
“I got a valentine!” he exclaimed, stretching it out toward her, but quickly frowned, withdrawing it as she made to pinch the paper between her fingers. “Are your hands clean?” he asked, his mother’s mouth dropping open. “Because sometimes, when you put lotion on, you make everything slimy.”
John did not reply, and Sherlock didn’t dare turn around to see the look on his face, but he felt the moment John was about to speak—a slight shift in the mattress springs, a whispered hiss of breath. “Sherlock-”
Luckily, they had arrived, and he stopped outside the glass doors, waving a hand up the few steps that separated the entrance from the pavement. “We’re here,” he announced plainly, and then just waited, holding his breath for the inevitable.
Sherlock opened his mouth, but found his throat had closed up, heat rising in his cheeks as John smirked and turned away. “Not because of the rain,” he grumbled, and John laughed, his foot easing off the gas as they neared Sherlock’s house. “I just didn’t wanna walk.”
“She’s being unreasonable,” he had insisted of Elizabeth’s refusal of Mr. Darcy’s proposal. “His logical was perfectly sound.” But John had merely rolled his eyes, continuing valiantly on.
“Sherlock,” she confirmed with a nod, her eyes drifting away from him, turning up at the corners as she smiled at John. “Your Highness,” she greeted with a small bow, John answering with a dip of his head. “It’s been a while. My cousin’s wedding this past summer, I believe. Though my father has had the honor more frequently.”
Sherlock nodded, or tried to, but his neck wouldn’t quite accommodate the movement beyond a quick spasm. “It would seem so,” he murmured, trying to step away, but his knees rattled out from under him the second he unlocked them, marker falling from his hand to the floor as he snapped his fingers to the edge of the table, clutching tight to hold himself aloft. “I’m fine,” he barked as Lestrade moved to grab his arm. “I’m fine,” he repeated, but this time it was breaking, his fortitude cracking, because he wasn’t fine, nothing was fine, and nothing would ever be fine again.
“Drugged?” Lestrade asked, significantly less incredulous than the look in Sally’s eyes as she shook her head.
“But I-” the brunette began to argue, but John lifted a hand, pushing the glass back toward his face, and Sherlock only sighed, taking a few more drags of liquid before John took it back, satisfied.
John swallowed, obviously unnerved, and his brow furrowed as he looked back down at the cover of the folder in his hand. “So, Claire Jones…”
John stopped on the step of 221B, suitcase in hand and a rather confused Sherlock looking back at him from across the threshold. “Permission to come aboard?” he asked, lips twitching.
John chuckled, brushing the man’s hair down as best he could. “Better?” he asked, and Sherlock, though thoroughly miserably, nodded. “Good,” John chirped, and then batted a hand at him, “now lie down. That medicine will kick in soon.”
“It’s okay, it’s okay!” urged a familiar voice beside him, and Sherlock turned, meeting John’s concerned gaze from where the boy perched on the edge of his mattress. “It was just a dream,” he assured, and Sherlock blinked hard at him, wondering why John’s face refused to come into focus before he realized there was something cold rolling down his cheek, and he lifted a trembling hand, fingertips brushing against the still-damp tear tracks on his skin. “You’re safe now,” John continued, reaching a hand out toward Sherlock’s thigh. “There’s nothing to be-”
“Don’t worry about it,” John muttered, but Sherlock only turned further toward him, blinking into the light.
“Okay,” came a voice from the kitchen, and John startled, whipping his head around to see Lyle entering through the glass doors, a steaming mug in hand, “I think I’ve got it right. Kettle said 98, and I steeped it for just over two minutes.”
There was a rustle behind him, and he turned, finding Anderson setting the lid of the box aside, his fingers twitching against the cardboard as his gaze flicked between Sherlock and the files.
John nodded his agreement, picking the page up between his fingers and stretching forward down his bed to flick it onto his desk. “You got a text a bit ago, by the way,” he said as he fell back onto the pillows.
Sherlock smiled, a soft laugh hissing through his nose as he looked down, tracing his thumb across John’s skin. “I’m not in the library Tuesdays and Thursday,” he murmured, looking through his lashes as John’s face slowly shifted into a grin, and then the blond lifted his empty hand, clutching it around the back of Sherlock’s neck as he pulled him down to meet his lips.
“My-My desk,” he muttered, twitching a finger across the room, eyes firmly rooted to the floor. “Bottom drawer on-on the left. There’s-There’s a false bottom.” He couldn’t look up, but he felt John looking at him, the heavy weight of his gaze settling on the side of Sherlock’s face, and then he moved, crossing in front of Sherlock toward the window.
“Oh, Sherlock, you won’t mind if I steal him for dinner, will you?” she asked, and Sherlock glanced at John, waiting for the subtle dip of his head before smiling.
“Fair enough. So, what are you up to?” he asked, leaning forward as he lifted his chin to read the open page of Sherlock’s book.
“My…best friend?” he surmised when Sherlock did not continue, chuckling as Sherlock nodded. “Of course, you are,” he said, shaking his head fondly. “Who else would it be?”
John glared at him, but it was only a flash, the half-hearted attempt of someone who knew they were exposed. “Fine,” he muttered, an obligatory expression of irritation before returning to his search. “Taylor,” he finally spoke again, this time much more certain.
“Thank you,” John said, tossing Sherlock—who looked torn between fury and terror—a smug pop of his eyebrows over his shoulder before walking after the attendant.
“Don’t say that,” John interjected, voice quaking a little, and Sherlock swallowed, throat thickening with secondhand pain.
John was still a moment, eyes widening, and then his mouth quirked in a small smile, arms settling around Harry’s back.
With that rather clear dismissal, John pocketed his phone. The script of the conversation drifted back up into his mind, and he tried not to smile too widely to himself as he entered the restaurant, a bell tinkling over his head.
“I bet,” Sherlock said with a short smile, and then they settled into a comfortable lull, the clinking of cups and clicks of swallows the only sounds between them.
“Do you want any help?” John asked, both because he did feel like a bit of a freeloader crashing the Holmes and Hudson Christmas, and also because he didn’t think he could stand just sitting around the manor all day.
Molly scoffed, shy demeanor disappearing as she turned to him, planting a hand on her hip. “I’m coming with you.”
A slight shuffling sound indicated John was nodding. “I’ll be there.” He stopped, and there didn’t seem to be any more to say, yet he did not hang up. “Sherlock-” he began, and then faltered.
“John?” Sherlock murmured, and John’s face was most assuredly doing something ridiculous, but he took a moment so it wouldn’t appear in his voice.
The room shook with the sound of a gunshot, Sherlock sure the entire street was rushing curiously to their windows, and then, upon realizing he was still able to think about the sound of the bullet that was supposed to be in his skull, he opened his eyes. Not a moment too soon, either, as, the second his gaze focused on the figure hovering above him, he had to dive to the side to avoid it, flinging himself across the rug in front of the fireplace.
Sherlock swallowed. “Something I don’t know,” he replied, an echo of a kinder time, John’s answering smile blurred by his lashes.
“What does it matter to you if I smoke?” Sherlock answered, sounding inexplicably frustrated. “Why do you care?”
Silence a moment, Sherlock’s lungs burning for air, but he didn’t dare open his mouth, sure he would throw up if he so much as cracked his lips.
One was from Mrs. Hudson, of course—a small rectangle of shiny paper with the image of a white puppy holding a heart in its mouth, the words “Life would be ‘ruff’ without you” written in black script along the bottom—but the other…
Perfect wasn’t the right word. Perfect was for when you finally got a picture to hang straight or achieved the right balance of salt in a soup, not for this, not for Sherlock’s small gasp that hissed past John’s lips in a break of contact; for the way he hesitantly, almost painful with care, began to respond under John’s mouth, clearly every kind of new at this; for the way his fingers shook against John’s sternum when he clutched back at the grey jumper; for the soft almost-whimper that vibrated between their chapped lips when John twisted his mouth just slightly, closing entirely over Sherlock’s lips as his fingers clenched tighter into satin curls.
“What?” Sherlock murmured, meeting John’s horrified gaze, and then remembered the bruise around his eye, purple topped off by a swollen red cut at the edge of his eyebrow. “Oh,” he said, lifting a hand to graze over the wound, “nothing, I-I tripped.” He forced a frail self-deprecating smile, shrugging a shoulder as he swallowed down at the present still in his hand. “Slipped on the stairs. Hit my head on the banister.”
Sherlock stopped, one hand resting on the building, the brick rough and warm beneath his trembling skin. There was a shuffle of feet behind him, and Sherlock’s spine stiffened, a clear cue not to come any closer, and John obediently stopped, his soft voice carrying up to Sherlock’s ears a moment later.
“Well, to be honest,” he said, dropping his eyes to where his umbrella clicked against the ground, “there isn’t much I didn’t already explain to you this morning. We can’t move forward with anything more until Moriarty crawls out of his cave.”
“What?” Anger banked the tears as he pulled away, pressing himself into the armrest and glaring at the blond’s shocked expression. “Get a kick out of poking holes in everything? Can’t fathom anyone wanting to talk to me without an ulterior motive?”
It was a mere fluke of circumstance that Lestrade and the team at Scotland Yard had never met John. He’d left for the army right out of university, before Sherlock had been unofficially taken on as a consultant, and, whenever he’d come back on leave over the past three years, they had better things to do than meet up at pubs with people Sherlock already saw too much as it was.
A scalding swallow singed down John’s throat, but the rest of him grew cold, hollowed out and exposed to the creeping frost of guilt. “I-I should’ve-” he croaked to the floor, shaking his head between his palms. “After what happened, I-I should’ve
“That’s exactly what you would say,” he whispered, throat thickening as his eyes began to sting, but John hushed him calm.
There was a common area on the first floor of the house, splitting the dormitories in half on either side of it, where various game tables and televisions were set up. What a bunch of 17-year-old boys would want with a billiards table, John had no idea, but maybe that was just one of the penchants of the upper class. Although, there were already several groups huddled in front of televisions screaming at one another over Call of Duty, so perhaps it wouldn’t be as different here as he thought.
“Alright,” he promised, and then they fell silent, the night ticking away around them as Sherlock closed his eyes, counting the beats of John’s unfailing heart.
Sherlock shook his head, still grinning wildly as his laughter eased. “Guess you were planning on lying to me after all,” he quipped, and John chuckled.
“No, it’s fine, don’t bother,” Harry bade, waving a hand, and Sherlock stopped just in front of John, both of them turning with surprise toward their guest. “You’re the detective, right? The one from John’s blog?”
He might be the world’s worst boyfriend, but even he wasn’t going to show up with lipstick on his face.
John sighed. “I shot him,” he said, ignoring the trio of wide eyes turning to him in favor of Irene’s, which only blinked, her head tilting with curiosity more than surprise. “He broke in to kill Sherlock”—he bobbed his head to the left—“and I killed him.”
Sherlock snapped his face to her, cold forgotten as heat licked up his neck. “Why-Why would you say that?” he stammered, hoping it would be written off to a shiver, and Molly seemed unaware of his panic, shrugging a shoulder, her eyes fixed on the match.
late,” he excused, the screen returning to the main menu as he muted the circuitous music, “and you never know how early Mycroft might barge in.”
“Thank you,” he said, smiling with a soft nod, and Mrs. Watson held a hand lightly to his cheek a moment before moving back to her son, dropping a kiss to his forehead.
Somewhere overhead, Molly was ordering their coffees. He would have to ask her later how she knew his order, but right now, John was being too ridiculous for him to end the conversation.
It seemed to convince her well enough, though, because she smiled back, nodding. She hesitated, her arms twitching slightly, and he could tell she was struggling with whether or not to hug him.
John snapped his head around so quickly, his neck cracked, and he was just about to put voice to the ‘What the hell, Mrs. Hudson?! I thought we were a team!’ he knew was on his face when the woman flicked her eyes over his shoulder. He calmed his expression slightly as he turned, finding Steven hovering a respectable distance from his armrest. “Er, yeah. Yeah,” he said stiffly, clearing his throat again as he stared at Sherlock’s shoes. “Blue is…definitely your color,” he added, managing to bring his eyes up to smile at Sherlock’s.
Mike stepped out first, holding John’s door open, his appearance garnering a few looks from the diners in the window, but, for the most part, the citizenry seemed to be used to him, returning to their meals by the time they’d reached the door
John laughed, cutting it off quickly as the sound bounced back at him from the concrete walls of the parking garage. “And here I thought my sparkling wit would be enough to keep you occupied,” he teased, and Sherlock shrugged with a noncommittal blip of a sound.
“Sure, you can,” Molly countered, shoulders bobbing in a shrug. “Lots of people go to this thing. You don’t necessarily have to be going for him.”
“Okay,” he muttered bitterly, probably running a hand through his hair, if his tone was any indication. “I’m gonna run to the vending machine. Either of you want anything?”
“Any time,” Lestrade called after him before the door closed between them, and John’s forehead furrowed, wondering if he had just received an open invitation to the Scotland Yard shooting range as he rushed to catch up to Sherlock.
“Your brother,” Sherlock repeated, looking equally perplexed. “The Swiss Army knife on your keychain,” he continued, nodding down toward the ignition. “It’s engraved. ‘Happy 18
Sherlock looked up after a moment when he didn’t arrive, and, catching sight of the look on John’s face, exasperatedly rolled his eyes. “Please, John, if I were going to kill you, there are infinitely easier ways.”
“Mycroft is Sherlock’s older brother,” he explained, pen scratching out numbers as he glanced between the card and the appropriate field. “The card’s in Sherlock’s name, but it takes from Mycroft’s account.”
“SHUT UP!” Mrs. Watson railed again, eyes bulging, spots of spit bursting from her mouth as she bore down on John, who didn’t move apart from to draw himself up to his full height. “You shut up! He
them, hadn’t memorized the way they tapped the rubber of their pencil to their lip when they were thinking, or the way their eyes sparkled when they smiled, and there was something about those things that an emotional connection couldn’t quite overcome, some things really needing a body to go with them before they could be fully realized.
It was the longest second of Sherlock’s life, watching the smirk unfold on the man’s face, his arm slowly stretching out, pistol barrel levelling toward Sherlock’s head, and, with the kind of clarity only panic can bring, Sherlock simultaneously formed a plan and knew it wouldn’t work.
“I was setting out the chairs,” he muttered, waving a hand back at the large section of roof devoted to more beanbag chairs than John had ever seen in one place, or maybe in all places combined. “You think it’s cold enough to need the blankets?” he asked, and Irene looked up at the sky, squinting uncertainly.
She was beautiful, for certain, her long dark hair drawn up into a bun at the top of her head, exposing the length of her neck and sharp features carved into the bones beneath her light brown skin. She looked to be about John’s height, but gained a few inches on him with the pointed black heels on her feet, a bold choice Sherlock couldn’t help but respect.
“Harry?” he said, peering around Sherlock’s shoulder, his frown instantly blossoming into a brilliant smile. “Harry!” he repeated, and Sherlock stepped aside, letting John pass to sling his arms around his sister’s neck. “What are you doing here?” he asked as he withdrew, though his hands lingered on the girl’s shoulders, which shook gently as she chuckled.
“Oh, I- Right,” he muttered, closing his book with slow reluctance as he looked down at his lap, trying to think through everyone’s eyes on him. “Um… How now, my love! why is your cheek so pale? How chance the roses there do fade so fast?”
John stared at his profile for a moment, utterly dumbfounded, and his mouth started working before he had completely decided what he was going to say. “That was…”
He bowed his head, lifting a hand to grind his fingers over his eyes, and then folded his arms, shaking his head weakly down at his shoes. “I’m supposed to tell you I’d leave,” he said, voice steady as he lifted his chin, eyes focused aimlessly out in front of him toward the door. “That, if you ever did that-” He trailed off, a swallow bobbing down his throat as he blinked down to the ground again, and then turned, shaking his head softly as he looked through his lashes to meet Sherlock’s eyes. “But I wouldn’t,” he croaked, twitching a shoulder in a half shrug. “We both know I wouldn’t. I would stay.” He nodded, pitch rising as his voice began to break, and he looked away again, clenching his teeth as he steadied. “I would stay,” he repeated, firmer now, “and I would help you, and I would be there for-for rehab and-and all the rest of it. I-I would defer admission to uni, I’d probably move
The mentioned sofa and one of the chairs were dark leather, and John’s fingers twitched with the urge to confirm his suspicions on their softness. The opposite chair was large, covered in patterned, red fabric, and looked like it would be hard to leave if you ever sunk down into it. The room was flanked in two different wallpapers, both swirling designs in brown and crème, but the otherwise garish contrast somehow worked in the room. Directly in front of him was what appeared to be the skull of some sort of bull, hanging on the wall in all its macabre glory. The bookshelves surrounding the fireplace were full of dusty, leather-bound volumes, as well as an odd contraption John assumed had some vital, scientific purpose. The tables and other surfaces of the room were littered with cardboard boxes and papers, and John knew without being told that Sherlock had stayed here at some point, although it could have been for anywhere between two days to two months, knowing how quickly he could make a mess of a place.
“No, not that,” Sherlock snapped, disentangling his fingers to swat a hand through the air. “Why are you offended?”
“John,” he whispered, and even he wasn’t sure which version he was talking to, but, in the end, he supposed it didn’t matter.
Perhaps it was just the nature of how odd the past month had been, but the evening’s events didn’t really hit John until he was walking down the corridor toward the dorm. He slowed in the hall, taking the last few strides with deliberate slowness as his mind sorted through it all.
“Well, I didn’t,” Sherlock mumbled, shifting quickly to the side as John rolled his eyes, making another dive for the doorknob.
“Nah,” Victor said, the fence rattling as he shook his head, pulling the cigarette away from his mouth to flick ashes into the breeze. “Dropped her. Too needy,” he added with a grimace, slipping a hand into the pocket of his dark jeans as he crossed his ankles, the logo on his new trainers standing out bright white against the black canvas.
“You really don’t remember?” John asked, looking up at him through narrowed eyes. “I’ve explained it to you, like…a dozen times.”
Anyone who wears contacts, has recently had their eyes dilated, or is the bearer of a unique eye color must eventually grow accustomed to people looking at their eyes. Sherlock, constantly being in the latter category—and occasionally the second—was one of these unfortunates, but there is a moment, as any of those people could attest to, when something changes, when looking
Sherlock was still, his side rising and falling as if already asleep, but John could see the pulse point leaping in his neck, and was just trying to work out the impossible right thing to say when he felt something brush against his ankle, and started, nearly jerking away before he realized what it was.
They left several footsteps later, the bell chiming in signal of their exit, emptying the café once again, and John checked his watch with a sigh, bracing his hip against the counter.
“Why?” he asked warily, and John huffed, rolling his eyes and giving the detective a sharp tug into place, steadying him by the shoulders when he threatened to overbalance. “What are you-”
He snatched the keys from her hand, flipping to the correct one and sticking it roughly in the lock as he tried to ignore the small smile he could see out of the corner of his eye.
“Oh, hush,” she interjected with a mock glare, taking the regulation, school sheets from him as he removed them from the top of his bureau. “I’ve lived with teenage boys long enough to know you’re hopeless at making your beds,” she added, flashing him a playful smile as she began tucking corners around the mattress.
Sherlock blinked, a moment’s surprise, and then huffed a laugh that rang of relief, shaking his head down at his shoes. When he lifted it, he was smiling, a glint in his eyes as they held onto John’s. “Hungry?” he asked, and John’s shoulders fell limp as he wilted with a miserable groan.
“I’m not,” he clipped, and John laughed, Sherlock’s lips pulling up at the edges along with the sound.
“Cheers,” Lestrade murmured, jerking his head in a quick bob before disappearing back inside the interrogation room.
“Not quite,” the man responded, easily, maybe even amused, and John’s eyes widened as hot lead slowly filled his stomach.
Sherlock was quite possibly going into cardiac arrest, no other logical conclusion for the increasingly ragged breathing and tightness in his chest coming to mind.
“So, you won again?” he said, beaming with pride, and John ducked his face to the table, smiling shyly at the praise. “Are you going to lose at all this season?”
“John!” he gasped, shouting again as the blond swept over the spot, and then curled his legs around John’s back, trying fruitlessly to pull him closer. “John,” he whined when the man did not immediately comply, and John smiled against his thigh, biting lightly at the skin as he withdrew his fingers.
“Oh, hush, you!” Mrs. Watson snapped, swatting a hand back at him, and Sherlock chuckled, smiling down at the woman as she pulled away.
Whether by design or simple poor taste, Mrs. Hudson seemed to have managed to pick the ugliest patterns in the store, and they choked on fizzy candy more than once as Sherlock emerged, eyes rolling, in a myriad of striped, plaid, and paisley shirts.
John glared at him, and, as the attendant looked away, Sherlock quirked his eyebrows in an obvious challenge. John channeled his anger into his fists, forcing what he knew was a sugary sweet smile onto his face. If Sherlock was going to make it his mission to make this as miserable for John as it was for him, he would have another thing coming.
He narrowed his eyes, trying to glean clarity from the tangles in John’s hair and small twitches of his brow, but the source of his discomfort remained out of Sherlock’s reach, and he blinked away, frowning out his own window as Mrs. Hudson made a sharp, gleeful sound.
Molly and Mike exchanged glances, Molly turning to try and include Dimmock—who continued avoiding everyone’s gaze—but Mary’s eyes never left him, narrowing slightly as they perused his face.
“We reckon she was abused,” John said softly, kneeling down at his shoulder, Sherlock’s fingers curling back around the bars for balance as he turned. “She’s the sweetest thing,” he continued, blue eyes clouding with the sorrow of compassion as he looked into the cage, “but so nervous with people. Fine with other dogs,” he said, eyes moving back to Sherlock’s with a shrug, “but, as soon as anyone enters the room, she finds a corner.”
“Ah, yes,” she mused, quirking a brow at him as she peered out of the corner of her eyes, “Mr. Ballet.”
“Okay,” John said, pushing his plate aside and pulling the white form in front of him. “What’s our policy on guests?” he read from the spot they’d stopped earlier.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes even further while John busied himself with cutting his waffle, looking between the psychic staring contest as he chewed. “Why would you-” the detective began, but Mrs. Hudson, once again, intervened.
No one spoke a long moment, nothing but the hiss of cars across the wet pavement punctuating the silence between them.
John nodded, hands ducking into his pockets. “Yeah. Mrs. Hudson had the coat, and the wig was really cheap, and I thought it might be fun to call everyone an idiot for the evening.” He grinned, anticipating a laugh, but Sherlock turned stony, eyes a cool slate as he snapped his mouth closed.
Sucking in a gust of air, he straightened his spine, blinking out toward the door, but his gaze was drawn by the bundle of blue and white on the floor, and he stood, approaching it like a wounded animal. Tentatively, he bent down, and then elected to sit, turning to lean against the wall as he pulled the jacket into his lap. On reflex, he turned the garment over in his hands, pointing the surname upward as he traced over the white print. With a stiff swallow, he bent his knees up, clutching the jacket tight to his chest.
“So, what other A-levels are you taking?” John asked, not wanting to leave Molly out, even though he could sense Sherlock still staring at the back of his head.
Molly giggled, and Mary just glared, eyes turning to Sherlock. “Sherlock?” she asked, and the brunette chuckled, nodding as John looked up at him.
eager to get back, because ‘Sherlock will know’,” he added, bobbing his head in clear, mocking imitation.
Sherlock groaned so loud, he was surprised the floorboards didn’t rattle, but he did shift a few inches to his left to see around the table as the show started, chancing glances through his lashes as he slowly pulled out and refolded his clothes.
John snorted. “Just sort of playing,” he echoed bitterly, sinking down onto the worn leather sofa. “Right. Of course.” He held his indignant expression for a moment, and then slowly smiled, and Sherlock ducked his face, shifting his weight.
“Don’t I?” Sherlock glanced up over a picture frame with exaggerated puzzlement. “Must have been behind your back,” he added with a shrug.
Well, we've broken the chapter record! Enjoy a whopping 26,499 words (really, I couldn't've added one more?) on me!
“Okay,” he echoed, and then, with a decisive nod, drained the last swig of coffee and stood. “I’ve gotta get to the hospital, but I’ll see you…sometime. Probably,” he muttered, smiling at Sherlock’s chuckle as he gathered his coat from the back of his chair. “I’ll, er…” He patted the back of his chair with his palm, eyes scanning Sherlock’s face, and then just dropped his chin, shaking his head with a breathy laugh. “Yeah, I’m just gonna…” He pointed over his shoulder with his thumb, and then turned, sliding his arms into the sleeves of his coat as he crossed to the door and left.
John was a little glad he was hung-over; it would provide a good excuse for his reddening face. “Yeah,” he said, voice a bit higher than he would like as he avoided eye contact and shrugged. He could practically hear Sherlock in his head:
With a shamefully shaky sigh, he carried his bag out the door, hailing a cab outside the Yard and watching the streets blur to watercolor as he leaned against the window.
John dropped down in a blur, lips just barely brushing against Sherlock’s before he pulled back up again, Sherlock’s vision swimming as he tried to refocus. The blond said something, his lips moving, but Sherlock had only been staring at them, not really listening, and, when he blinked up, John was smirking at him.
“Some doctor,” Sherlock muttered, but he was smiling as he bent down, tongue between his teeth as he lined up the nail. He struck unerringly—of course—and looked up at John with a bright grin that was not nearly as smug as the blond had been anticipating.
Lestrade seemed to have the same idea, half-turning back toward Sherlock. “A conductor of- I don’t even know who this-”
One of Sherlock’s palms slid out, and he fell back, catching himself with a heavy thump down to the opposite elbow, and John had never known how accurate the term ‘side-splitting laughter’ could be until now.
“Aha!” he’d proclaimed after a moment, lifting a narrow white strip in the air between them. “I knew I had one left!”
“No, I- I just-” But he had nothing to follow it, something in him decided from the moment those doleful eyes met his. He sighed, John already smiling when he looked up. “Matchmaker, eh?” he muttered, and John laughed, rising to standing.
John’s eyes shot up, widening with shock a moment before a disbelieving grin unfurled over his face. “Needs must,” he muttered, shrugging, and Sherlock laughed, relief bubbling up from his chest and cascading down his limbs.
Sherlock’s suspicious glare roved over the group, landing on Clara, who had the weakest pokerface of the bunch, her eyes carefully averted and a corner of her lip pinched between her teeth. “What’s going on?” he asked, only Greg seeming just as oblivious as he was, even Molly suddenly getting very interested in the alignment of her bracelet.
“Rash of homeless deaths. All stabbed, all left in well-known haunts. It’s startin’ to look like a ser- Oi, where are you going!?”
“Two years ago,” she answered, the tension in her shoulders easing. “I suppose I’m still getting used to it,” she added with a miserable shrug, and John nodded, every bit the sympathetic ear. Alice swallowed down her pretzel, and then looked at him, eyes narrowing curiously. “How did you know?”
John’s mouth curled up into a half-smile, but he pushed it away to sigh dejectedly. “I was going to,” he said, as if missing out on the tour was one of the greatest regrets of his life, “but then I got a bit worried about leaving my roommate alone with a Bunsen burner.”
He was full of pizza, theme music was playing, and he was cocooned in a pile of blankets with six feet of consulting detective, whose leg was pressed against John’s from knee to ankle. Sherlock had inched down the wall, his head more at John’s height as he shifted the pillow behind his back, bending it to give his neck more support. The movement had turned his curls toward John’s face, the shifting air pushing a waft of sea and cedar into John’s senses, and his breath had stuttered over the scent. Sherlock had settled back down, wriggling to reset a groove for himself in the fluffed pillow, and John had just looked at the top of his head, at the growing wrinkles of his forehead as Nine searched for Rose, at the fingers he slowly lifted to his lips, nibbling at the corners of the nails, and had quite suddenly found himself in the throes of an impulse to bend his head down and kiss the anxiety from Sherlock’s mouth. He actually bent forward a little—nothing Sherlock noticed, thank god—before the panic set in, his fear focusing more on how natural the gesture had come to him than the actual act itself.
Sherlock pulled up a smile, nodding as he lifted his phone, waggling it in the air beside his shoulder. “Lestrade called,” he lied again, affecting regret. “He has a lead on those strangulations.”
“I read you the message,” she snipped, and there was a small tug at the back of John’s jumper, a warning from Sherlock he promptly obliged, leaning back from the girl. “It didn’t say anything about anyone else. I should- Can we reschedule this?” she asked, finger spinning in a vague circle around the group. “Saturday, maybe? When you guys get back?”
John frowned down at the phone, tucking it into his back pocket as he once again looked out around the room.
“I do understand,” Sherlock interrupted, the anger gone from his voice, but it was replaced with something even more disturbing, a bitter sort of resignation John didn’t want to ever hear from his mouth again. “Moriarty needed to believe you were dead, and I wouldn’t have been convincing enough if I’d known you weren’t. It was the only logical thing to do,” he said evenly, eyes never leaving John’s. “If it had been the other way around, I would’ve done the same thing.”
John grunted in what he hoped conveyed interest, and began the torturous process of opening his eyes as the light mauled his pupils. “S’it biology?” he murmured as a blurry Mike-head became identifiable.
“Oh, really?” Sherlock interjected, spinning the computer screen around to face the ever-darkening boy. “When? Were you just going to slip in ‘Oh, by the way, I’m writing up a stalker blog on you’ over breakfast!?” Yes, fighting. He could do this. Anything to avoid talking about the fluttering that had reemerged in his stomach at John’s entrance.
Sherlock pouted, nothing short of sulking into the room behind him as John headed toward Dimmock, who was engaged in conversation with Molly by the fireplace. They both looked up at his approach, polite smiles on their faces, and John wondered what it must mean that shouting matches carrying on up the stairs were no cause for alarm in 221B.
“There’s also a café,” John continued, spine pulled taut as he pushed out the main doors into the damp chill of waning winter. “They’ve got sandwiches and such, lighter stuff, if you’d rather that.”
And then, she turned. It was only a moment, just a flicker through her eyes and a quirk of her mouth as she faced him before Sherlock had yet turned back from closing the door. It wasn’t quite a smile, wasn’t quite a grimace, but it was definitely an apology, an awkward acknowledgement of shame.
Sherlock swallowed hard, forcing his traitorous emotions behind an impassable mask once again. “It would have been detrimental to your position on the team to get into an altercation with-”
“Your area?” John suggested, and Sherlock gave him a small, self-conscious smile. “I know, and we’ll probably leave early anyway—there’s only so much of Donovan even
“I’ll ask Lestrade,” Sherlock finally managed to reply. “Tell him we’re leaving and he can drop in when he’s done here. He shouldn’t object, not with you being shot.”
The radiator below the window clunked to life, pulling him out of his trance, and he lifted his right hand to the bottom corner of the cover page, his heart pounding in his ears as he twitched at the paper, a war of inquisitiveness and willful ignorance being waged over his muscles as he wavered.
“Good,” he said, and Seb closed his eyes a moment with relief. “We can’t afford a mistake, not at this stage of the game.” What little of his mouth Moran could see curled in private amusement, and Sebastian frowned, shuffling a little closer across the carpet.
“Well, it’s not for sure yet,” he muttered, smiling when Molly pointedly cleared her throat, “but thank you.”
Sherlock didn’t pretend to not know what he was talking about, leaning back in his chair and regarding John with what looked to be forced neutrality. “Normally, I would be asking you that question.”
He could text John, tell him about the case, that it had been urgent. Surely, John would understand. John
