The location, it turns out, is a pristine church in the middle of a field. Because America. And also because a demon hiding something in Hell is predictable, but hiding a divine object in a church apparently isn’t.
“Rack ‘em up,” she says, voice more subdued than her body language.
“I wanted to take the seal so I could be the one to bind him,” Cas confesses to his hands. “I wanted to make him suffer.
Dean is going to sit in his hotdog pyjamas, eat dry cereal and watch scooby-doo.
Guess who finsihed their degree?! So hoping to make updates weekly, barring any other world crises ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
He doesn’t want an answer, doesn’t give Cas chance either way, just pushes up and away from the table.
Speaking of which;
Another sob tears its way up Dean’s dry throat, nothing more than air, but it shakes loose every regret in his hollow chest and he crumples back in on himself.
It’s bigger, more defined than the last. Heavier too, the weight of responsibility. But also the promise that they might actually have a way out of this snuff movie.
Normally, he’d be happy to leave Sam and Eileen to their heaps of dusty, itchy old books and their fancy online translators, he’d find a milk run and disappear for a few hours.
“Dean, you’ve already taken the Mark, you can’t take it again,” he says again. “I can. It’s the only way.”
Cas doesn’t say anything either, they both just look at each other for a long moment, a map of the world between them and it might as well be the real thing for how distant they feel.
Little late with this chapter, sorry! Life has been a little hectic, but once again thank you so much for all the comments :D
“No,” she says, her shoulders tensing up in an instant. “Are you for real? Did Candy put you up to this?”
He grabs his first beer, swallows a handful of cereal with it when Jack is watching, and tracks the reflection of dark, rumbled hair across the chrome counters.
“I know you’re sorry, Cas,” Dean says. “About Bel. About Mom.”
Dean grabs a plate, doesn’t look at where Sam is perched against the table, arms crossed and chin raised.
He guesses a benefit of lip reading is that it works when people are trying to whisper, though, because Eileen just shrugs at him and replies, “That’s what I was just telling Sam.”
“This place, where is it?” Sam asks, leaves the imploring eyebrows out this time. “I know you don’t want to tell us--”
That sounds like Chuck, throwing out all his toys except for the one’s that don’t want to
said we were celebrating,” he accuses.
Only, when he opens his mouth, every emotion he never let himself feel rushes up like vomit, clots in his lungs, bile in his mouth, thick and slimy and
Sam drops his hand to the table, looks at Dean like he’s being obtuse. Maybe he is, but being a hypocrite is part of Dean’s charm and he’s not gonna change that right now.
“Yeah, we should,” Sam agrees, then turns to Evie and says quietly, “We’ll come back. We’ll find something.”
Dean grabs the nearest tree to keep himself upright.
going to do it, right up until he couldn’t.
“Not great,” Cas says, simply. “That was our chance and we failed.”
“If we don’t find a way to stop Chuck,” he says anyway, tone perfectly measured. “Then; yes, we’ll all be killed.”
It’s a combination - a spell to power up what’s left of the existing warding, then Merle and Cas act as batteries to keep the lights on as long as they need.
Cas huffs a laugh, only slightly forced, and they fall into silence again.
Lee laughs, shakes his head like he’s not sure if Dean is pulling his leg.
He cracks the door just enough to throw the head through, gives Lee a minute to process and then kicks it the rest of the way open.
Cas can pull whatever faces he wants, Sam is still up to his neck in shit.
“You can’t--” Lee interrupts again. “You cant rapture a car.”
“No idea. He was,” Cas sighs, “Very distraught.”
Somehow Sam navigates Dean’s uncooperative meatsack up to the library, where Jack and Michael are talking. Dean doesn’t know what about because the second he crosses the threshold they turn to him in creepy angel synchronisation.
“C’mon, have some dignity. Eileen just needs some space and she’ll be right back here kicking ass with us. And I am damn sure she wouldn’t let you mope around and drip bodily fluids on the kitchen table, dude.”
” because he had, he
, and I never told you I fucking love you, you asshole!”
Sam finally flops into a stool with a clatter so loud it cuts Dean off.
Dean downs another drink, forces the muscles in his shoulders to relax and goes for his cereal even though he isn’t hungry anymore.
Find me on
And now they’re day-tripping to Hell.
“Life’s a bitch,” Fortuna mocks. “And then you die.”
“Eileen hit a snag with a case, so. He wont be gone long.”
The storm is rapidly thickening, mist pulling in, almost electrified with the never-ending lightning strikes, and they need to get gone ASAP, but Other-Kaia just stops suddenly.
“You selfish fuck!” he yells, and his voice cracks and he doesn’t care because nobody is gonna hear him anyway. “How
Cas gets pissy at them for trusting Jo, but it’s not like they have any other options here, so Cas is relegated to maintaining the spell while him and Sam nosedive into the sulphur. Again.
“No he didn’t,” Cas agrees, and Dean knows he deserves it but it stings all the same. “He didn’t deserve to die, either. Chuck toyed with us all. And when you refused to play along, he. Took matters into his own hands.”
Sam finds him in the kitchen, later. Sat on the floor with an empty six pack, staring blindly at the polished chrome.
“Dead.”
“Dean. Everyone we know could probably kick our asses. Does it ever stop you from worrying about them?”
Satisfied Mike is still in there, he follows Cas. Finds him sat at the kitchen table, hands clasped almost like in prayer. Who Cas would even pray
Dean doesn’t know how to say that he knows, that there’s a pit inside him that Sam has only seen glimpses of, that his chest is a slow motion cave in, has been most of his life, crumbling and cracking and collapsing on his heart, his lungs, his damned fucking soul.
When he wakes up, groggy and disorientated, 14 hours later, the pleasant buzz still tingles vaguely under his skin. Like a weight he didn’t know he was still carrying has finally been lifted.
“Unless you made a breakthrough in your research,” Cas enunciates, calm and collected. “I don’t think we have anything to discuss.”
“Great! Well, first things first, where’d’you dump a car around here?”
at this point, Dean doesn’t know.
“Or the wrecking yard?” Lorna suggests from where she’s cleaning tables, remarkably calm. “Look, I don’t wanna know. I’m just saying, if I had to get rid of something, Merle’s is where I’d do it.”
He pauses, and Dean thinks they’re probably both filling the silence with more fuck ups, list after list of mistakes they’ve both made.
and then it crashes into him all at once that he’s looking at Castiel for the first time in weeks and all the pretty words he thought he might say have gone.
. Cas, the Cas who’d looked God in the face and said
Without it Dean feels hollow.
They had an opportunity knocks thing going on under the table, she says. And, boy, did Ruby have an opportunity, she says. She stashed it, she says. And then you stabbed her, she says. It’s hidden, she says. In Hell.
“Yeah, actually I’m just heading out.”
“She was a good girl, y’know,” she sounds upset, and Dean sympathises. Having a best friend vanish on you sucks ass. “She loved Jesus and--”
Dean didn’t bring enough cash to cover his basket so Teddy confiscates his goods, leaves him empty-handed and wondering how the hell their reliable, no fuss card that’s worked flawlessly for 5 years is suddenly declined.
He must fall asleep there, on the cold concrete, but he wakes in his room.
right up until it curdles in his belly and Dean finds himself crouching over the filthiest toilet he has ever thrown up in while held at gunpoint.
Dean polishes off his beer. Cas frowns at the empty doorway.
The blossoms have been destroyed, only smoking husks left behind.
The tail takes the bait. Too easy.
As always, you can find me on
“Dean fuckin’ Winchester!”
For a place supposedly hosting 3 billion souls, give or take, it sure is eerily quiet.
“Oh shut up you useless lesbian, what do you know!” Alex says, but they’re both smiling as they head into the dining room and start laying out cutlery.
It feels strange, unexpected, but Dean doesn’t know enough about hacking credit cards to know for sure if it’s normal and it’s not like he can call Charlie to check. Bizarro Charlie is a genius hunter and strategist, but technology kinda grinds to a halt when your world is demolished by Angel nukes.
Firstly, thank you so much for all the comments on the last few chapters! Life is, well, life, and I haven't had chance to reply to them for ages, but I read them all and they are all appreciated so so much!
, zero mountain lion sighting in or around Black Forest in the last 16 years.
Sammy is guided away by Bess for some secret werewolf cold remedy, leaving Dean with Garth on the cosy, spacious landing and it’s so nice and
They don’t know any reaper coyotes since Ajay got stabbed through the heart, and Billie ain’t exactly in the habit of offering them favours for no reason but maybe she’ll take a trade, Dean’s life for Cas’, and, hell, maybe then Chuck would leave Sam and everyone else alone, if Dean was already off the board, if--
They don’t often hear that.
“Well,” Cas snaps back, finally drops the book and stands to get in Dean's face. “If it’s so important, you do it. I wouldn’t want to screw it up.”
Cas makes an appearance as he’s polishing off the beer. He looks less like a zombie than he did yesterday, but the dark shadows are still under his eyes.
“Don’t mind if I do.”
I'm a day late, sorry! Needless to say quarantine is not going to increase my productivity, so I'll try to stick to the fortnightly updates.
He feels old. He feels older when she asks;
“So, do we drop it?” Cas asks, and
“I- I’m s-so sorry,” he says, words trembling like the rest of him, like every nerve in Dean’s body is trembling because
At any rate, Sam moves of his own volition and follows her down the hallway. Dean’s not exactly clear on what happened at the casino, but he can connect the dots between Sam’s tattered, bloody shirt and Eileen’s stained red fingers and whatever the finished picture is, it sure ain’t good.
“If I cared for a second about saving that girl I guess I’d say this was a victory,” she simpers.
“When I play someone, I get a read on them,” Fortuna says, mocking. “And you. You’re just a beach read. Sexy, but skimmable.”
Since Sam won, she breaks and she does not let him have even a sniff at the table. She doesn’t speak at all, barely even looks up to see if they’re still watching, just makes shot after shot after shot.
Dean turns the grill on to preheat and then rummages through the freezer for the burgers he knows he bought. Fresh made is better, but he really doesn’t feel like going into town for ground beef, so frozen are gonna have to do.
Dean could feel that black pit settling into his chest again at the memory of Meg’s hand resting on Cas’ arm. He pushed it from his mind and focused on the feel of Cas’ skin beneath his fingers, Cas’ hip pressed against his thigh, Cas’ weight on his chest. Then that weight was rapidly shifting and Dean moved his arm up just enough to be able to watch Cas as he threw a leg over Dean to straddle him. Cas’ eyes were dark and hungry as he crushed his lips to Dean’s. It was a sudden whirlwind of lips and tongue and hands in hair and under shirts. Then Cas pulled back and Dean could help the whine that sprung forth from the sudden loss. He tried pulling Cas back down but Cas held firm, mere inches above him.
“I would never risk that,” Cas said solemnly. Dean brought a hand up to rest on the back of Cas’ neck, gently scratching through the hair at the base of his skull. Cas hummed happily and Dean’s heart soared.
“He’s right, Dean,” Charlie agreed with that annoyingly sympathetic look.
“Thanks, Charlie,” He said simply, letting the bells fall into his palm with a noisy jingle.
Dean had just barely managed to eat his whole sandwich. He had been checking his phone every couple minutes and stood as soon as Charlie was finished eating as well, unable to take any more of whatever annoying story Meg was telling and becoming increasingly touchy throughout.
“Castiel! Help!”
“Not going South?” Benny asked, not looking like he disapproved of the decision but more like he was taking everything into consideration on his own as well. Dean hesitated for a second before showing Benny and Charlie the messages from Cas.
Dean spotted the zombie, a short brunette who caught Dean’s eyes with a wicked grin. She started towards him at a menacingly slow pace but started sprinting as soon as Dean did.
“Dean!”
Dean recalled Cas’ comment about having what he needed to deal with Michael and wondered if Charlie had anything to do with that.
“You’re welcome by the way.”
Step 2: He and Charlie swing around the left side of campus to get to the science building while Benny and Cas loop back to the left to get Jo.
“Wow, you actually did it. Congrats, I feel like I should buy you a cake or something,” she grinned.
“Yeah, yeah, save it Charles. Just get to the meetup, I’ll be there as quick as I can.”
“I just, uh… I just wanted to say I’m sorry for snapping at you at lunch the other day.”
Dean half expected his phone to buzz again as they finished the final touches of the plan. He even pulled his phone out once more as they started moving towards the door, just to make sure, but no new messages showed themselves. Just in case Cas decided to deliver some more pearls of wisdom once they were outside, Dean lowered the screen brightness all the way down and double checked that it was on vibrate.
“Jeez, what was that for!?”
“Well, like I had told you back then, my people skills were rusty. I didn’t know how to handle a crush, much less one on someone of the same gender. It took me a while to realize that it didn’t matter. You were you, no matter if you were a man or a woman or neither. Your soul is bright and your heart is pure and that’s what I fell in love with.”
He had no idea how he was going to make it through the night game. Seeing as the games this week had all been similar to the games from the past two years, Dean was pretty confident that tonight’s game would be a free for all dodgeball style game. The ‘cure’ was complete and would be distributed via dodgeballs while the zombies tried to turn the attackers. Whichever side ran out of players first lost. Plus, this game would take place in the baseball fields, there would be nowhere to hide. There was no way he would be able to keep an eye on his surroundings in the chaos. Charlie and the rest would be there but they would also have to fend for themselves. There was no way they could keep up the stream of intel in the middle of the battle. Dean would be on his own.
“Dude, you’re late. Cas already finished eating,” Jo teased. Dean sat up and rolled his eyes.
Dean carefully surveyed the quad, focusing on the area to the west where the science building was and where the other three of their group would be coming from. Charlie had her back to him, keeping an eye out for any clever zombies that may try to sneak up on them. Dean had gotten a text from Benny saying that the three of them were on their way but he still hadn’t seen them yet and was starting to get nervous.
“Look, this has been an enlightening conversation but I have places to be,” he said, strafing to the side, keeping his back to the building. Meg sighed, tossing her hands in the air before leveling an exasperated gaze at him, stopping him in his tracks.
The rest of their mad dashes to class went much smoother. After lunch, Charlie and Dean went off to their last classes of the day while Benny and Cas dropped Jo off at her dorm since she didn’t have any more for the day. Cas had one more class and then was going to study at the library. Dean knew that based on his roommate’s study habits, Cas would probably be there for several hours so Dean went back to their room for a bit to finalize the routes for the next day. Dean had let Cas know to text him once he was done and then settled in to plot.
“Yeah, with Cesar already turned, I need a group to join so count me in too,” Jesse grinned.
Thankfully, Charlie had a good enough cover.
“Can’t go giving away all of the trade secrets but we’d be happy to give ya some pointers,” Dean replied, angling slightly further away from the science building.
“So how many of you have actually ‘survived’ besides Dean?” Cas asked, yet again breaking out the air quotes.
“Mmm. To be fair, you were a bit distracted,” Cas teased, lifting his head to place a delicate kiss on Dean’s lips.
“Alicia and I are both much better aims than runners. Trust me on that one,” Max said, shaking his head at some unshared thought or memory.
“You got it.”
He still hadn’t heard back and the mystery was eating at him. Cas sure seemed to be leaning into the zombie side of the game. He hadn’t come back to the dorm after his last class so Cas must have either gone to the library or met back up with his new zombie friends. Dean kept reminding himself of his talk with Charlie and her insistence that Cas was into him but he couldn’t get the idea of Meg flirting with Cas out of his head. He thought about how she would get all up into his space and stare up into his big blue eyes with that snarky look on her face like she was a cat that had just caught a particularly tasty mouse. The look of innocent confusion on his face as she would stretch up on her tiptoes, fists curled into the front of his shirt to pull him down for a kiss to those permanently chapped lips. The soft surprised noise he would make before his eyes fall shut and then he would kiss back and-
In the slight illumination provided by the alarm clock, Cas’ shock at being caught shifted to a soft smile.
“Remind me not to get on her bad side,” Cesar muttered, Jesse nodding in agreement beside him.
“Guessing there’s no way you’ll let me in on the secret?” Dean asked, unoptimistic about his odds.
Dean pulled himself out of bed and started the coffee maker, relishing in the smells of freshly brewing coffee in the confined space of the dorm room. The thermos on his desk had been quickly rinsed out the night before and now sat ready to be filled. While he waited for the brew to finish, Dean pulled out the laminated map with the revised plan for the day. Dean only had about 20 minutes to go before he had to leave to meet up with Charlie at the oak tree. From there they would go straight to their classes while Benny and Jo circled the long way around campus to go to theirs. They had to leave a bit earlier to make the longer trek so they would be moving in about 10 minutes from now.
“How long?” Cas muttered against Dean’s skin.
He shook his head and huffed a laugh as the reality of the situation sunk in.
“Why yes, I do.” Meg confirmed.
“Hey! I don’t have to keep my side of the dorm clean now!” Dean grinned, flopping back onto his bed and shedding his socks to purposely throw into the middle of the room. Cas grumbled unintelligibly giving Dean the mental image of a pouting cat that had gotten stuck in the rain. “Okay, come on back. Don’t forget to move your bandana. I guess at least now you don’t need to sneak your way back.”
He heard the creak of Cas’ chair from across the room. Dean looked up to watch as Cas crossed the room and sat on Dean’s bed near him.
Cas’ questions had caught Dean off guard but when he thought about it, it kinda made sense that Cas would pick up on the tension there. Michael had never hidden his displeasure with Dean but at least they didn’t have any classes together this semester so it was only directed at him when they happened to pass on the grounds or in the halls. The occasional stink eye or shoulder check was a semi-regular occurrence. It wasn’t anything Dean couldn’t handle.
“No need. I know she’ll be there. Good night, Dean. Sleep well,” Cas said, obviously smiling from the tone of his voice.
“Okay.”
“The Apocalypse is nigh!” Dean burst into the dorm room and thrust his phone into Cas’ face, thoroughly interrupting the laser focus he’d had on the spread of textbooks and papers covering the entirety of his desk. Cas leaned back in the standard issue dorm desk chair that had a bad wheel and threadbare fabric (the better of the two in their room) and dragged a hand through his already mussed up hair only furthering what Dean had internally dubbed “The Sex Hair Look”.
“Oh, so we’re up to two a year now? I’m glad you’re finally gettin’ in touch with your feelings, brother,” Benny said with a teasing grin. Dean rolled his eyes and shoved Benny in the chest hard enough to make him stumble back but not enough to bump the people standing behind them.
“Seems like you can hold yer own too. If we ain’t back in two minutes, we’re in trouble.”
“Yeah, buddy. Ya did good. Wait… You’re wearing the skinny jeans?” Dean’s mind had finally decided to catch up and was suddenly short circuiting at the realization. Cas rolled his eyes.
“Jesse is definitely the runner between the two of us.” Cesar said, chuckling quietly. Dean noticed the way Jesse looked back over at Cesar and gave him a soft smile. It was like they were the only two here for that short second and then it was back to business. The quiet, nearly invisible exchange still managed to send a pang of… something… through his heart. It wasn’t jealousy. Longing?
“There’s some decent bushes we can bail into if we need since the campus sign’s right there as well,” Benny added.
“Look, I don’t know what you’re trying to pull here but isn’t that kinda against the rules of the game?”
“Nah, I have a plan. I’m gunna catch him in the act.”
“Oh. I said that out loud, huh.” Dean said, fighting the urge to squirm under Cas’ intense gaze. His incredibly close, intense gaze.
“Does he do theatre on the side? He sure is dramatic…” Jo muttered as she rolled her eyes.
“Men, am I right?” Alicia solemnly lamented to Jo and Charlie before cracking up herself.
“I sure hope so, it’s my ass on the line too, ya know.”
“I’m going to respect your decision but you say the word and I’ll dig up everything I can on the guy,” Charlie promised quietly, rage simmering just under the surface. Out of the corner of his eye, Dean saw Cas lean over to Charlie to whisper something in her ear.
Dean shoved his phone back down into his pocket and hissed at the group to move.
“Spot any zombies on the way over, brother?” Benny asked, stepping away from the tree and clasping a large hand on Dean’s shoulder.
“Now don’t you go pulling any fancy maneuvers, Chuckles. This isn’t Moondoor, the only rule here is ‘survive’,” Dean scolded jokingly.
“Hey assholes! Their doctor is coming from the south!”
“Yeah, I know. I’m fine,” Dean said. Plastering on his best cocky grin he looked over at Charlie. “Besides, it’s not like he’s my boyfriend. He can have lunch with whoever he wants.”
“Not even gunna try?” Dean asked, hoping desperately that he sounded casual.
“Who are our fastest runners?” Cesar asked.
The brunette girl seemed like less of a threat comparatively but Dean hadn’t liked the look of determination in her eye the last time they gave her the slip. Dean figured she was fast in a straight line but they could probably shake her if they were agile enough. He hoped that she at least was not on some sports team too. The last thing they needed were two athletes on their tails. Dean shared the sentiment with Charlie just as another text came into the group thread.
The line continued to shuffle forward and more people fell in behind them. Dean scanned the room once more and thought he saw a familiar shock of dark hair moving away from them but lost sight before he could confirm if it was Cas.
“I suppose that makes sense. Since there’s no guarantee that all of us will make it even the first day, it’s strategically valuable to withhold that information until the last minute.”
“And if there are zombies, we could split up, have one group of our fastest draw them away while the rest of us go for it with Ash,” Charlie added from her spot crouched against the wall.
Shoving his phone back into his pocket, Dean looked out the window once more, looking for either Michael or Cas and finding neither. The sun had officially set and the light was rapidly fading. Dean cursed himself for not getting out of bed five minutes earlier and headed for the door, eager to get moving. Glancing up and down the hall, he determined that the coast was clear. Dean locked the door behind him and snuck down the hall towards the stairs as quickly as he could.
“You got a lot of nerve showing up here, Winchester,” the sheriff growled out in a low voice that made Dean’s mouth go dry, made him falter in his step.
The order sends a shiver of excitement through Dean. There was a time when he would have wanted to pretend that he didn’t like being handled by Cas like this, but they have too many years behind them now and he doesn't even blink before kicking off his boots and sliding his jeans and boxers down over his straining dick. Cas doesn’t help, instead just leans into his space, bracketing him with his arms, kissing his jaw and his neck, getting in the way.
They are touching in so many places now, Castiel’s arm around Dean’s shoulder, their legs tangled together, their cocks pressed into the tight heat of Dean’s palm. Castiel is watching, taking a divine inventory: Dean’s flush high on his cheeks, his muscles rippling, his steady hand stroking slowly. Castiel kisses Dean slowly to match him, but when Dean starts speeding up, Castiel breaks away and buries his face into the gentle hyperbola of his neck. It is overwhelming, this emotion, and Dean’s emotions layered on top of his, wave upon wave, Castiel can hear their hearts pounding to the same rhythm, and Dean’s hand is stroking faster and faster.
The sheriff looked down at Dean with an eyebrow raised, studying him. He reached out a hand to cup Dean’s chin and swiped a thumb along his lower lip, slick and wet. He pressed past Dean’s lips and ran his thumb along the edge of Dean’s front teeth, as though he was inspecting an animal. Dean kept his tongue behind his teeth, forcing himself not to reach out to lick.
Dean thinks he gets it. Sometimes he wonders about the fact that if his dad was still around, he's not sure what he would have a bigger problem with, the fact that Cas is a dude or the fact that he's not human. He had once asked Dean to kill his own brother, for fuck’s sake. And even now, sometimes, the thought stills him, the old distrust of the inhuman that his father had built into him.
“Yeah, you too Cas…” Dean muttered as he laid back down, hoping to go back to his interrupted dream.
“He kept asking for a date after the formal thing. Just couldn’t take no for an answer. When that didn’t work, he started sabotaging a couple of my assignments. Don’t know how but he pulled one of my papers out of the stack when we turned them in. I managed to convince Professor Moseley to let me print off another copy and turn it in but it was close,” Dean said, once more unable to meet Cas’ intense gaze.
“Whatever. Just gotta get through tonight,” he muttered to himself as he tried to tame his bed head. The thought that he probably matched Cas’ perpetual sex hair flitted through his mind and was promptly shoved away. Not now, focus. Gotta focus. Dean stood, pulled on his jacket and the replenished bandolier, and typed out a quick text to the group.
But this time, Dean didn’t wake up. This wasn’t a dream. He wasn’t imagining the surprisingly soft lips being pressed to his own. He wasn’t daydreaming the hand that slid from his cheek to the back of his neck to bury fingers in the short hair there. The feeling of Cas’ hip under Dean’s own hand was real, though he didn’t recall moving his free hand there in the first place. Dean was floating. Heaven, this is what heaven feels like.
“I’ll make you a deal. If you register for the apocalypse and actually participate, I’ll pick up my shit for the rest of the month. The rest of the semester if you manage to stay human,” Dean bargained. Cas cocked his head in that familiar Cas fashion that Dean loved so much.
“Dean...”
The aforementioned blue eyes popped up into view, their owner propping himself up on an elbow and resting his chin on Dean’s shoulder, an eyebrow quirked. Dean rolled onto his back and threw his arm over Cas to pull his head down to rest in the crook of Dean’s shoulder. His heart pounded at the feeling of Cas laying in his bed with him. Not that they had done much more than make out yet. They were still fully clothed for Pete’s sake.
“Alright, I get it. And I didn’t rip her head off, okay? Might’ve snapped a little-“
“See! Dean agrees with me. She’s totally hitting on you,” Jo exclaimed gleefully.
"Do I want to know?" Dean asked as he walked over to Cas' desk. He leaned over Cas to grab the only clean mug out of at least five shoved into the corner of the desk, which happened to be the 'Bee Happy' mug Dean had gotten him for Christmas last year. Then he realized just how far into Cas' space he was. Dean straightened up but stood frozen on the spot as Cas looked up at him with that soul piercing gaze for the second time in so many days.
Cas hummed and nuzzled his nose into the side of Dean’s neck. Then the warmth of Cas’ breath was gone and Dean’s eyes flew open, expecting to see pity or maybe disappointment on Cas’ face. His breath was taken away by unadulterated adoration colored ocean blue. Cas’ hands slowly came up to frame Dean’s face as Dean was pinned to the door by the sheer force of Cas’ gaze.
“If we hug the back of the library, that should get us past the worst of the lights on the north side.”
Dean didn’t dare let his lips press to the top of Cas’ perpetually messy head like he wanted to but this was enough for now.
“Holy shit, Cas. She’s gonna be pissed!” Dean managed between breaths. Cas grinned before pulling his own phone out of his pocket.
“I did no such thing. I was merely greeting my roommate and friends,” Cas replied coolly.
“Ya’ know, I’m not gunna argue with you on that one,” Dean said with a teasing grin as he dropped to his usual seat at the table. which Jo only rolled her eyes at before her eyes caught on something over Dean’s shoulder.
“On three.”
“Not true!” Dean sputtered to Cas as he furiously typed. He thought he heard a soft chuckle from Cas but he couldn’t tell for sure with him facing away from Dean at his desk.
Dean shivered as the brisk breeze from the east occasionally cut through the heavier black flannel that Dean had bought last year specifically for the night games.
“I’m fine, drop it.”
“Yes, we both thought it was stupid and skipped it.”
“Hmm. I suppose a little, yes. It was for a good cause,” Cas replied, turning around to face Dean, a small grin on his face.
“Oh I can be very convincing when I need to be,” she grinned. Dean refused to squirm under her heavy gaze but it was a close thing.
“Go get ‘em!” she shouted back with a laugh.
“Episode 5, 20 feet!” Dean called out after one last glance back at their pursuer. After another second or two of sprinting, both he and Charlie stopped, spun around, and threw one of their socks. Dean’s just barely flew past her head but Charlie’s hit home.
“It was last year. Nothing they can do about it now. I don’t have any proof anyways. I don’t want to go and whine to the professors about something that isn’t even happening anymore.
The dining hall came into view as he rounded the corner of another dorm building and Cas was nowhere in sight. Dean could hear the pounding of Michael’s footsteps behind him and he knew that he wouldn’t make it to the door in time before Michael caught him. Only one thing for it, it was time to make a stand. Dean spun around and threw a sock, effectively stopping Michael from continuing a direct pursuit but not quite managing to hit him. One sock left at the ready, Dean backed up to the wall of the dining hall. His heart pounding in his chest and breathing heavily, Dean realized he was completely cornered now.
“Hey, Dean I-“
Though that was assuming Cas was even planning on continuing to play the game. What would be the point now if the whole goal was to keep Cas a human by his side? It was hard enough convincing Cas to join in this year and that was with him being on the same team as the rest of them. Now Cas would be on his own. Dean had never been a zombie so he didn’t know what that side was like. He had no advice to give, no tactics to share. Sure the rest of their friends had some experience but that wasn’t the point. Wait, what was the point?
“Do you trust me?” Cas asked propping himself up to lean over Dean, a mischievous glint in his eye.
“The day I met you.” There was no hesitation or fear in Cas’ voice.
“Nah, would have been way higher pitched,” Dean observed. “Now focus up. We’re sitting ducks here, gotta get away from the building. Easy to get ambushed here.”
“Y’got this. Believe in you,” she said with a weak thumbs up.
“Well, you know my track record,” Jo laughed, pulling another slice of pizza from the box behind her.
Dean gave Benny a quick pat on the back as he passed back through the bushes towards the library.
A soft sigh came over the line and Dean could almost see the hunched shoulders and pinched expression that were no doubt occupying his friend’s features.
“Reload!” Dean called and gripped the sock Charlie slapped into his palm. As she pulled free her own fresh sock from the clips she had meticulously attached to the fabric, Dean heard a tearing sound and watched in horror as the bandolier fell away.
Charlie’s jaw dropped and she smacked him on the shoulder again, much harder this time.
“Look, last year I almost got cornered in the kitchen trying to make a pot and I’ll be damned if that’s how I go out,” Dean grumbled after taking a sip from his own mug, still not feeling quite awake enough to be defending his rule breaking even though this was already his second cup. “You should be thanking me, by the way. You’ll see. The halls’ll be swarming with zombies by Wednesday. Thanks to me, you’ll actually get coffee the whole week.”
“I survived last year and got zombified the year before that. I think Dean made it his personal goal to hit me with as many socks as possible...” Charlie pouted as Dean chuckled at the memory.
4. Cas had to be the one to turn Dean in order for his end of the bet to be upheld.
“You remember that homecoming formal thing last year?”
“Suck it, zombie!” Charlie crowed with a triumphant jump as Dean sprinted to collect their socks. The brunette came to a stop and crossed her arms with a lopsided smirk.
The meeting time was once again set for 7 PM which meant that Dean had roughly an hour before he wanted to leave. He was planning on leaving for the field a little early, just before sunset, in the hope that he would slip out of the dorm while it was still light enough to see Cas and before Michael started his stakeout. Assuming he hadn’t already… He wouldn’t really be surprised if the guy was sitting on the grass out there, glaring at the door. Dean thought about checking out the two windows, benefits of a corner room, but he decided that he really didn’t want to know. Instead, he set a 45 minute timer on his phone and flopped onto his bed on top of the covers to take a nap.
Dean snickered quietly to himself as he plotted the fake route. Glancing at the alarm clock on Cas’s desk, he had about ten minutes before Cas was expected to return. After a few finishing touches, he rolled the map up, threw a the rubber band back on and shoved it under the bed where he had been storing it. Finally, he pulled the bells that Charlie had graciously given him and placed them carefully inside the tube. Just to make sure. He picked up the map and sure enough, they jangled loudly to the floor.
“Hey champ, your meathead friends are looking for you. Something about a nerd stuck in a tree,” she drawled with a smirk. Michael finally broke eye contact with Dean and glanced around at the small crowd that had gathered, no longer just their small group of friends. He returned his gaze to Dean, eyes flicking once briefly to Cas behind him just as Dean felt a hand rest on his shoulder. Dean did his best to stop the giddy smile from showing on his face but judging by the sour look on Michael’s, he didn’t do as well as he’d hoped.
Dean ended the call and rubbed his hand over his face with a sigh. He tilted his head back to look at the laminated map that had been attached via magnets to the large whiteboard hanging on Cas’ side of the room. Cas had insisted on bringing the whiteboard at the start of that year claiming that it was ‘important for his study schedule’.
Dean was frozen in shock right up until Cas started pulling away but Dean couldn’t handle the thought of losing that warm feeling that had taken up residence in his chest. Dean did the only thing he could think of and wrapped his arms around Cas’ shoulders, pulling him back in. Dean felt Cas hesitate for just a second before his arms tightened around his waist once more.
“Is everything alright?” Cas whispered, leaning into Dean’s space.
“Charlie! Try to split them up! You guys take the girl, Cas and I will deal with Michael! Meet up at the dining hall!” He hoped the plan would work. Jo was slow but three versus one was better odds than she’d had in the past. Charlie threw a thumbs up over her shoulder and Dean broke off to follow Cas.
“Oh. No, you don’t have to apologize for that. I didn’t realize that… You know…”
“I don’t- He isn’t even-“
“I uh…. Well they- you look- You look good.” The frown melted away and revealed the barest hint of a smile.
“How is it that Ash is both the most and least qualified person for this role?” Charlie whispered to Dean who laughed quietly, nodding in agreement. Ash was by far the smartest man he knew, and supposedly went to MIT before coming here, something about being kicked out for fighting. He certainly didn’t come off that way though. People often underestimated Ash based on his clothing, mullet, and tendency to fall asleep on top of the pool table in the student clubhouse but Dean knew better. Once Ash had a few drinks in him, he would go off on some long winded tangent about factoring algorithms using quantum computing.
Dean sighed and ran a hand through his hair. He knew when Cas got like this, he couldn’t be deterred.
“Oh shit! Really?”
“Hey, I just gotta know. If you’ve had someone else basically this whole time, why keep coming after me? It doesn’t make sense,” Dean asked, genuinely curious. Michael paused before answering, frustration coloring his voice.
Behind him, Cas had started running towards them, a furious look in his eyes.
“Dean, I’m sorry! I couldn’t convince her to come back tomorrow!” Charlie called, sounding genuinely apologetic. Dean growled and slipped out from under Cas, storming over to the door.
“I’m not proud of it. But yeah…” Dean took a deep breath and pushed on. “Charlie tried to convince me that you weren’t interested in her but I kept wondering. She just showed up out of nowhere and you were hanging out with her. And now I know she was actually trying to make me jealous. Turns out it wasn’t that hard…”
“Dean?”
“She’s certainly persistent,” Cas said, dragging his hand up Dean’s chest to thumb at the collar of his shirt. The occasional touch of skin on skin sent distracting tingles up his spine.
“I-“ Dean froze, his fingers digging into Cas’ skin. It was way too soon to be admitting that he loved Cas, wasn’t it?
“But you came to me instead and you had these giant shadow wings and glowing eyes and you looked… angelic,” Dean said quietly, like his words were too loud in the darkness. “And then you were all protective of me these past few days and smitey…”
“Dean, Charlie, you remember Meg?” Cas asked turning in his seat to face them as well, a hopeful smile on his face.
The idea that they could come off red alert was very quickly abandoned however due to one major factor: Michael. Michael, who had apparently decided that he didn’t give a shit about the other humans and his one and only goal for the day, maybe even the rest of the week, was to catch Dean.
“Hey there, Cas.”
“Uh-huh.” Dean cycled through various options for how to proceed but Cas had hit the issue on the head. Michael was faster than him (and maybe Cas too but Dean didn’t actually know how fast Cas was) and he was nimble, used to dodging out of the way of cannonballs of muscle.
“Angel? I have a new nickname now?” Cas asked with a head tilt. Dean rolled back the conversation in his head.
Cas hung up the phone and then turned it completely off as Dean laughed hard enough to draw a tear or two.
Unfortunately, it was actually a guarantee.
“I didn’t even pack those... Gabe must have slipped them into my dresser when he came to visit last month.”
With all that excitement, Dean was exhausted as he skidded into the dining hall. He shuffled through the burger line, found the larger table their growing group had taken over and slumped into his spot beside Cas. Everyone else, even Meg, had beaten him there and laughed as Dean dramatically laid his head onto the table top and began snoring loudly, interrupting the ongoing conversation.
Immediately that familiar black clothed figure stepped into the dusky light from around the corner of the building to Dean’s left and Dean felt a wave of relief pour through him. Cas pulled his hood down and his complete confusion and worry was clearly visible as Dean angled to sprint directly to him. He spared one glance over his shoulder to the dorm door and saw Michael was out the door and headed towards them.
“The whole quad is pretty bad too but sometimes the chaos can be useful,” Charlie added with a mischievous smirk.
Step 5: After lunch, one more short foray onto campus splitting back into the groups of two and three.
“Were his friends really looking for him?” Cas asked Meg, who only grinned mischievously before walking back out onto campus with a wave over her shoulder as she went. Dean watched her go and yet again wondered what her angle was.
Just then, the door swung open and Cas entered looking down at his phone with the barest hint of a smirk on his face. Dean’s stomach dropped as he sat up on his bed, his face heating up with a blush.
Dean’s breath hitched and panic curled tight in his chest. Before he could embarrass himself in front of the entire campus by having a very public panic attack, a familiar, completely unwanted voice came from behind him.
Dean never got tired of spending time with Cas, and his short absences only reinforced how special of a connection, a bond, they had. Sure, they fought occasionally. They were both stubborn bastards when they wanted to be. They always worked things out though. No petty argument was worth more than their friendship.
“‘Sup bitch? So what’s with-”
“Hey Meg, umm… You got a second?” Dean asked as she turned to leave. Cas narrowed his eyes for a second before Dean gave him a reassuring wave. Apparently that was all Cas needed because he nodded with a soft smile at Dean before turning back to Meg who had caught the silent conversation between them. She raised an eyebrow at Dean in a moment of what appeared to be genuine confusion.
"You met over the holiday break last year and have been together ever since despite him being at college in Minnesota," Cas said, his words having a visceral reaction on Michael.
"Do you?" Cas asked, amusement coloring his voice, no doubt due to the blush that Dean could feel heating his cheeks.
“Just one but they were headed away from Jo’s so you should be fine,” Dean replied. “Alright Cas, stick close to Benny and don’t do anything stupid, okay?”
So yeah. Dean definitely cared more about winning this bet than he did staying human. Especially now that the puzzle pieces were falling into place. It was possible that Cas really did like him. Or at least, liked him enough to entertain the thought of going on a date. So Dean was going to fight tooth and nail to win the opportunity to push their relationship to the next level because he wasn’t sure he’d have the courage to bring it up again if he lost.
“Hey Mikey! They going easy on you guys at practice these days or what? You’re getting kinda flabby!” Dean goaded as he came up beside Cas who seemed to slow slightly so Dean could keep up. Dean glanced back and saw Michael headed straight for them while the brunette broke off to go after the other three.
Things had gone south quickly. Having the choice between rescuing additional scientists stranded at various points across campus or collecting more materials for formulating the vaccine, Dean, Charlie, Max, and Jesse had chosen to go for the materials. If they needed to split up and run, they wouldn’t have to worry about the scientist keeping up. Benny, Jo, Alicia, and Cesar weren’t able to directly help due to the risk of getting caught and disqualified but they occasionally ran past with warnings about Michael’s whereabouts. That didn’t last long though. Max was almost immediately caught by Alicia. Jesse had broken off from their group not too long after that to keep Cesar off their tails. While it took some of the heat off of them, they now had less people to protect Charlie from Cas and Dean from Michael.
“Did you tell your professor that he was interfering with your class work?”
“Come on, my dorm is closer and Gilda is in class.” The look on her face told Dean that this was not negotiable so he reluctantly fell in line behind her.
Dean knew that Michael wouldn’t be far behind them. The best bet would be to create so much chaos that he wouldn’t have a straight shot at them. If they could pick up some more zombies on their tail, maybe that would trip him up. Dean knew it was a stupid plan but it was the only one he had.
Dean sat up and shuffled back to lean against his bed frame.
“Unfortunately, yes. They’re the only dark pants I have here…” Cas admitted with the most adorable frown on his face.
Dean’s stomach dropped to the floor.
“Oh. Right. I figured that I was going to get turned no matter what, I may as well choose who I got turned by,” Dean said sheepishly.
Dean looked back out into the darkness behind him, waiting for a face illuminated by a phone screen but he never saw it before a response came back.
Step 3: Make it to class. From there, they were more or less on their own until it was time to meet up for lunch.
Dean’s jaw dropped.
Then he realized why she was being so cool about it. She was trying to be Cas’ wing girl.
“Go, go, go!” Dean barked at Charlie who was only a second or two ahead of him. Dean looked back and saw the girl was gaining on them. Dean let out a breathless laugh as they neared the building, this was what it was all about, the thrill of the chase. Dean knew that the only hope of really getting away would be to chance a sock throw. That would give him and Charlie another 30 seconds to get away. Thankfully, last year, he and Charlie had come up with codewords for maneuvers, many of which ended up being based on Star Wars and other nerdy references, to quickly communicate in situations just like this.
“Fair enough. You two have a good night. I’ll see ya in class, Dean.” Jesse called as he broke away.
“Not particularly, but I’m interested. Go for it,” Dean sighed, hoping that he wouldn’t regret this. Cas grinned and kissed him on the lips quickly before answering the call and quickly switching to speakerphone.
“It’s safer in numbers, I barely made it through the week on my own the first year and Charlie got turned right away so we agreed that the next year, we would keep an eye out for each other since we were mostly in the same buildings for our classes anyways,” Dean explained. “Besides, it’s more fun this way.”
“No, and I get it, I probably should have. I just didn’t want it to be this big thing. He stopped after that so it’s fine.”
“How long have you loved me?” Cas asked like it was just something people did. What’s the time? How was your day? How long have you loved me?
“Yeah, yeah. Before you get too sarcastic there, I just wanted to say thanks for helping with all this. You’ve actually been really helpful in keeping Michael off my ass,” Dean admitted, rubbing the back of his neck anxiously as he stared at the completely shredded fry on his lunch tray. He may owe the woman a ‘thank you’ but she still rubbed him the wrong way.
“Yeah, laugh it up. It was super funny when he tried to tank my grades because of it,” Dean grumbled. He really did try not to take it too personally. He knew that from an outside perspective, the situation as a whole was entirely ridiculous.
“Hey, you. Time to skedaddle, let’s go.”
“What are you waiting for? Your friend, Benny, right? Benny was just commending Clarence here on his outstanding skills as a zombie. Isn’t that right?”
“What’s that even supposed to mean?!?”
"Well after you told me about everything the other night, I started thinking of ways that this could be dealt with without having to go through the school. After Charlie’s comment yesterday about digging up dirt on him, I realized that  was possibly the only way to deter him so I asked her to look into it because I knew you wouldn’t,” Cas explained. Dean nodded thoughtfully and came to the conclusion that Cas was right. He also probably would have kept dealing with it on his own if Michael hadn’t gotten so aggressive in the stairwell.
“You really think so?” Cas asked, a doubtful look on his face.
Scanning the sidewalk quickly, Dean slipped out the door and turned left to head south. It was a longer route than he was expecting to take so he would have to move quickly to make sure he wasn’t late. Thankfully the oak tree was along the way so he wouldn’t lose much more time getting there. Dean gripped the socks in his hands tightly and set off at a brisk jog.
“Holy shit, Ash is the scientist this year? Of course he is,” Dean choked back a laugh. The crowd chuckled at the absurdity of Ash’s introduction before settling down.
A group of screaming girls came barreling through the door to safety and Dean sidestepped to avoid them as well as the two zombies that followed close behind, not having slowed enough to stay outside. Cheers of success and groans of failure mixed as the two groups parted ways.
Pleased with his plan, Dean moved to his desk to work on a couple assignments before the end of the night. He knew that Cas would probably work on his assignments too before heading to bed so he may as well distract himself so he wouldn’t just drill holes in the side of Cas’ head with his eyes, willing his roommate to turn in for the night. It was almost the same level of nerves he had gotten before the night games the day before. He supposed that this was technically another form of game. Just more subterfuge than pursuit.
“I asked her to help me keep Michael away from you.”
“Why me!?!” Dean asked incredulously.
“You sure are, lover boy,” Meg drawled.
Anyways, hope you all like this chapter! Back to writing for me!
“When I ask someone out, I don’t get turned down. No one has ever said no to me. You’re the one that got away.”
“Forgot to tell the group that I was turned.”
“And why the hell should I? I’m only playing the game. At least I’m following the rules,” Michael countered.
“At least a year, probably more.”
“Okay.”
“Like I said, I like the nerdy little guy for some reason,” she said, looking slightly bewildered for just a second before her usual smirk settled back into place. “Good luck, lover boy.”
The third encounter was the one that Dean had been thinking about the most. Dean had been traveling solo between the science and humanities buildings when Benny and Jo had rounded the corner of the library, grabbed him by the shoulders and shoved him against the wall. Before he could protest that Benny hadn’t stopped when Dean’s thrown sock had hit, Jo pressed her hand against his mouth and Benny crowded up close shaking his head in amusement. Dean tried to push them away but Benny had held firm.
“No, but if he says not to go south, north seems like the obvious second choice so we go east.”
“Why is Michael so interested in catching you?” Cas asked, to the point as always. Dean swiveled in his chair to face Cas and shrugged, looking down to absently pick at a hangnail.
“Alright. I’ll try. I can’t promise I’ll be good at it, but I’ll try.”
But as they made their way silently across the streets and grass of campus, Dean couldn’t help thinking that it wasn’t always the wind. Every once in a while, the hair on the back of his neck would stand up and he felt eyes on his back. Every time he looked, there was no one there but that didn’t stop the feeling from prickling at his skin.
“G’mornin’, sunshine. Did ya’ forget somethin’ under my bed?” Dean mumbled with a sleepy shit-eating grin, his voice gruff.
Charlie was clearly wrong. Whatever she had seen to make her think that Cas was interested in him was mistaken. Cas taking Dean up on his bet for a date was him just being kind to Dean by not pointing out his laughably stupid idea. Cas obviously had better people to pursue. Not that he could see what Cas saw in Meg. She was sarcastic, smug, condescending, and that was just what Dean had picked up on in the handful of minutes he had interacted with her.
“No. Not yet,” Cas said, pushing Dean behind him to put himself in Michael’s path. Dean didn’t dare make a run for it. Michael wouldn’t hesitate to bowl Cas over just to get to Dean, but together, they could make a stand. Apparently Michael came to the same conclusion because he slowed to a jog and stopped in front of Cas.
“It’s Cas, isn’t it. You’re in love with Cas.”
“You don’t need- Whatever. So… You, uh, apparently you know what Cas wants if he wins the bet?” Dean asked, tearing one of the remaining fries into small pieces to occupy his hands.
“A- a kiss?” Dean whispered, completely blindsided.
“That and Clarence has somehow wormed his way into my cold, black heart. The opportunity to piss you off enough to get sweet Castiel to accept that you’ve got the hots for him is enough entertainment to last me the rest of the semester. After today’s little show, I’m not sure why he needed that much convincing,” she smirked.
“You know I… Um. Just… Thanks.” Dean mentally kicked himself.
Dean studied the map, memorizing the routes the different groups would be planning on taking. Obviously this was just a guideline, once they got out there, who was to say that they wouldn’t get ambushed or diverted. It was almost guaranteed since the zombies would be a bit more coordinated. They wouldn’t be having a big planning session like this but they would be communicating to see where they could best position themselves. Dean figured the best way to go would be either east or south. South had more cover with the trees and smaller buildings but East had the benefit of flexibility to go North or South. Just as he was about to ask Charlie and Benny their opinions, Dean’s phone buzzed.
“No. You’re done. You will leave Dean alone from now on,” Cas replied, not a hint of fear in his voice.
It seemed like most of the zombies must have gravitated towards the center of campus because they were few and far between on the way to the dorm. One quick duck around a corner was all the trouble they hit and after only a minute or two, they both collapsed on the floor of their room. For a moment they just laid there catching their breaths and shedding their outerwear. Then, the silence was broken by Cas bursting into laughter and it might have been the most beautiful thing Dean had ever heard. Dean couldn’t help but to laugh too. He wasn’t entirely sure what they were laughing about, but it didn’t matter.
“Meg?” Cas sat up, the moment effectively broken. “What about her?”
“You stay here, no need for us both to go. Catch your breath,” Dean said as he helped himself to a sock from Charlie’s repaired bandolier. Charlie nodded and leaned back against the building as she clutched her side. She closed her eyes for just a second before steeling herself.
“Yeah well, Michael and I had a class together last year and he stopped me like the week before and asked me to go with him. I said no. He didn’t take the rejection too well and has kinda had it out for me ever since.”
“Fair enough. So I don’t suppose you’ll let me look at that now, would you?”
Dean froze, immediately uncomfortable by the way he was boxed in but that didn’t seem to bother Michael one bit. Dean’s stomach dropped as he saw the smirk on Michael’s face.
“Hi there. Bumped into you a couple of times now, huh?” Charlie laughed awkwardly, raising one had in a quick wave. Dean stayed silent, glancing between Cas and Meg, not knowing what to say. He thought he saw a quick flash of confusion from Cas but it was gone before he could tell for sure.
“I love you, Dean.”
Dean rolled his eyes and switched to his thread with Charlie as he sat back down.
“10,” Dean countered.
“Not if we see you first,” Dean shot back with a cocky wink, walking backwards towards the door of the building and trusting Charlie to keep an eye out for any zombies coming up behind him.
“Fine… You win. But if you laugh, I’m kicking you outta bed,” Dean warned, focusing on finding patterns in the shitty popcorn ceiling.
Michael's eyes snapped back up to Cas and Dean could see genuine fear and anger there.
“Hola compadres, what’s the plan?” Ash asked, stuffing his hands into the pockets of the lab coat.
Dean shook his head at himself. He didn’t have a monopoly on Cas. Sure he was his roommate and he literally lived with the guy during the summers but that didn’t mean he should get all out of shape because they were going to be spending less time together. For one week. It still didn’t help the small pit of disappointment that took up residence in his chest the second he had read that text.
Immediately his phone started ringing.
This was hardly their first hug, far from it. They’d always been fairly touchy with each other, always in each other’s space. But this was the first time it was more than just a quick hug complete with manly back slapping before parting. This was more than an arm flung over a shoulder on Charlie’s futon on movie night. This was more than a shoulder check as they passed in a hallway. This was deeper, more meaningful. This was Dean pouring all of his hopes for what could be into a single embrace.
“You’re on.”
“Deal.”
“Benny, Jesse, now!” Dean yelled hoping Jesse caught on. Apparently he did because all at once, the three of them spun and pelted Michael with socks, two of the three finding their mark. Michael growled with way more frustration than would be expected in a game of glorified tag. Just then, a shrill whistle blew and the game was over. Ash had made it to the science building. Dean took a quick second to double over and catch his breath before reminding himself he could still get turned.
“It’s a pretty regular occurrence,” Charlie admitted with a sheepish smile at Dean.
Dean continued stewing on the oddities that had come up the past couple days, confident that he wasn’t missing anything important in the lecture. Professor Adler liked to hear himself talk so he rarely called on the class but loved to assign readings at the end that basically covered everything he’d just said. Sure enough, he managed to skate through the lecture without difficulty, receiving a list of pages to be read later. Just as he was about to rush for the door, he felt his phone buzz.
“Thank you, Dean. We’d better keep moving though. You’ve had quite the busy night.”
Dean stayed silent through most of lunch and let the conversation be carried by Jo and Meg. Jo was surprisingly cool with having Meg around which sort of surprised Dean.
“Wouldn’t do you much good if you did. It’s not the real route. Had to have a backup if the bell trick didn’t work,” Dean said with a mischievous smirk. Cas nodded his approval.
Step 1: Meet up at the oak tree on the north side of the science building.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” Michael hissed as he stepped up into Cas’ space.
He sprinted in the direction of the fields to the south, scanning the surroundings frantically.
Dean settled in at his cluttered desk to focus on the unreasonable amount of work Professor Crowley had given them,
Michael and that brunette were probably going to cause more trouble for them over the week so Dean texted with Charlie for a bit to go over more defensive strategies. Michael would be hard to evade if they ran into him again so most of their plans revolved around never being seen in the first place. Unfortunately some of those plans involved waking up even earlier to take longer, more out-of-the-way routes to class.
“Yeah, like a rat trap,” Meg scoffed. Dean hung his head and groaned.
“How long for what?” Dean asked, his brain completely fried and the walls he’d hastily constructed around his heart instantly shattered.
“Charlie! Cas was the one who got Jo! He’s going to come for you and Benny too!”
“Sounds like I need to start thinking about what I want if I win the bet next year then,” Dean mused.
Dean had to figure something out. Michael already knew that Cas was playing his own game and if Cas wasn’t careful, it was very likely that he could be disqualified. He had to do something about Michael before Cas could.
Dean dropped his head to the desk and the guy next to him, apparently engrossed in some last minute additions or corrections on the assignment due in a couple of minutes at the start of class, jumped at the loud thunk. He sat back up and gave a small apologetic wave before looking through the messages that had come in after his mild freak out.
“Shit, shit, shit! Cupid Shuffle, 20!” Dean yelped as he threw yet another sock. Wordlessly, Charlie followed his lead as they ran another 20 feet and then broke to the left but immediately juked back to the right. Two of the three zombies after them slid out in the grass as they tried to course correct. Dean clutched the box labeled “(fake) biohazard” as they sprinted back towards the “lab”.
“You do realize,” Cas muttered, “we are still playing.”
Dean texted Charlie about the encounter the second he got to his class and they both pored over the details, wondering what the hell was going on.
Dean and Charlie gave a nervous glance to each other.
“I had a dream the other night.” Dean paused, considering how much of the dream to relay. He expected Cas to prompt him to keep talking but he only rubbed a gentle circle against Dean’s rib with a thumb. “You and Meg were there. I think she was some kind of demon or something because her eyes were black. It was freaky. I guess she was staking her claim on you?” Cas shifted his hands ever so slightly up Dean’s chest and kissed the warm skin underneath. Dean’s breath hitched and he tightened his fingers in Cas’ hair.
“That… was a little… too close… for my liking,” Charlie gasped, stumbling over to the wall for something to lean against.
“That business with Cas and Meg still gettin’ to ya, cher?” Benny asked from the other side of Charlie. Dean huffed and scrubbed a hand across his face.
“No shit,” Jo muttered through a mouthful of pasta, “didn’t even see him before he caught me. At least when Meg caught me last year, I saw her coming.”
“Hmm, I’m assuming he’s the faster of the two?” Cas questioned, not sounding at all out of breath. Dean nodded, focusing on guiding them away from the other three. “Not bad. But now we either need to outrun him or hit him. Neither will be easy,” Cas mused.
Cas rolled his eyes and turned to Benny.
He really did try to sleep…
“Nice to meet you both for realsies! See ya round,” Meg called from behind him. Cas stayed silent.
“Yeah, yeah. I’ll get ‘em next time.”
“No! No. I just- Jeez, Cas.” Dean breathed shakily.
“I mean it, Charlie! You should have seen the guy! I mean I knew he gets competitive but this was like, assassin-with-a-hit-list vibes.” Dean hissed as they made their way towards the dining hall.
“What the fuck...”
Dean burst out of the dorm building on high alert, checking both directions before taking off to the tree but had to do a double take as he saw Cas leaning up against the building about 15 feet from the door with a bandana tied around his head. Cas was idly scrolling on his phone and only looked up once he heard Dean’s gasped “holy shit”. Dean knew there was no way in hell he could run away so he didn’t bother, carefully waiting to see what Cas would do instead.
“Look, just humor me for a sec,” she said, pushing the door open enough to step just inside the doorway and lean against the wall. “What the hell even happened? You get turned and then skip the night game to come back here and bone?” Jo smirked like she had caught Dean in some trap.
“Jesus, that was too close. Better scram guys. Better luck next time Mikey,” Dean quipped with a grin as the three of them jogged off toward their dorms leaving Michael scowling behind them.
Beside him, Charlie and Benny were discussing the plan once more and occasionally Charlie received a quick compliment by a passing person on the sock bandolier she had sewn up, an adaptation to a Moondoor spell belt, but Dean was distracted. He pulled his phone out of his pocket once more and looked over the text from Cas.
“Deal,” Dean said without hesitation.
“Of course, Dean.” He leaned down to kiss Dean softly, lingering for just a moment before shifting to lay on his stomach, his fingers threaded together on Dean’s chest with his chin resting neatly on top. Dean was reminded of a kid settling in for story time. It was difficult to look directly at Cas from that angle and Dean wondered if he had done that on purpose. Cas had always been good at toeing the lines of Dean’s emotional shortcomings.
“We definitely shouldn’t cross into the parking lot. Too many lights, we’ll be seen way too easily,” said a girl who had introduced herself as Alicia. Her brother Max nodded in agreement next to her.
The harsh buzz of Dean’s alarm jolted him awake and he immediately flung out a hand from under the warm blankets to silence it. Dean rubbed the sleep from his eyes and lifted his head to look over at Cas’ side of the room. He was already gone. Cas’ bed was made and his backpack wasn’t sitting in it’s spot by his desk.
“I see ‘em, wanna just make a break for it?”
“Headed your way. Get ready to run. Michael’s on me,” Dean interrupted.
“You’re joking…” Dean croaked, his breathing turning ragged.
“Michael seems to be focused specifically on Dean. He doesn’t seem too fond of me either since I stopped him from catching Dean on Monday,” Cas added unhappily.
“So what, you all have been dodging this Michael guy all week?”
“Oooooh, fraternizing with the enemy, eh?” Jo quipped with an eyebrow waggle.
And thank you to you all for your kudos and comments! They always brighten my day!
Dean spun around and threw a sock, hitting Meg square in the chest. She looked down at where the sock had landed on the sidewalk and raised one eyebrow at it, like it had personally offended her. Maybe it did, what did he know.
“And how do you know that?” Dean asked Benny with a teasing grin.
Cas groaned and rested his forehead against Dean’s.
Dean woke up on Friday morning to the sound of his alarm blaring from the corner of his desk. He threw a hand out to snooze it without even cracking an eyelid. The events from the day before steadily worked their way back to him and he was quickly feeling as stunned as he had been the previous night. Dean resisted the urge to groan in frustration as he went over the details for the millionth time.
“Great shot there, Charles,” Dean commended.
Dean’s stomach fell through the floor and he looked up at Charlie, eyes wide with panic.
“Frack!” Charlie shrieked, “Cas, jeez, you scared the shit out of me!”
, immediately followed up with,
Dean set the mug down next to his own forest green mug, which Cas had given to him in response to the bee mug, that stated: ‘Don’t talk to me until I’ve had my coffee’. He’d said it was more of a warning to others than anything else. Dean used it religiously.
Enjoy!
“Yes, I’d better head out. I’ll see you all tonight,” Cas said with a brief wave to the table before turning away.
“Deano’s not mine either,” he quipped with a shrug.
“Dude, ya weren’t very subtle. You kept catching ‘em right at the beginning of the day. The only way you would know the time and direction to go was if you knew the route already,” Dean explained. Cas looked down and chuckled softly.
“Yepp. Fine.”
“Oh.”
“Ughhh, think she’ll leave us alone if I don’t answer?”
Two summers ago, Cas had decided that he wanted to learn how to whistle, the kind where you put your fingers in your mouth. He spent weeks working at it. One day his fingers had actually started pruning from how long they had been in his mouth. Once he had started getting the hang of it, his mom had told Cas that he had to practice outside since it was too loud. Cas apologized profusely and started begging Dean to go on walks with him so he could take his practice to the nearby woods. Every day, rain or shine, Cas and Dean walked through the woods as Cas perfected the whistle. Dean thought he might actually have gotten slight tinnitus in his right ear from that summer. So needless to say, Dean could recognize that whistle anywhere.
“On whether or not I turn you, what do you bet?” Cas stood still in the doorway, phone hanging in his hand still audibly buzzing. Dean felt like he was pinned down by the nearly predatory gaze Cas was fixing him with.
“Are you serious? Where have you been keeping it?”
Dean shoved his phone back into his pocket and descended the stairs as quickly and quietly as possible. He hoped that Cas would be thrown off by the repetition of their meetup. It was a trick that probably wouldn’t work more than twice in a row but it was a decent enough strategy that Dean had texted Charlie about the change before falling asleep the night before. Now he had to take Benny’s route into account too. He wasn’t even sure if it was worth hoping that he at least made it through today so he could have some time to think on it after classes.
“Will do, Benny. Night. I’ll text you the route when I get back.” Dean called as he continued on. The adrenaline was finally starting to wear off and a deep exhaustion began to settle in his bones. Not too much further and he could collapse into bed for a bit before planning out the next day’s route. Before he could make it another 30 feet, his phone buzzed.
“Dean, hang on,” Cas called after him but Dean threw the door open, ready to chew Jo out for interrupting them.
“I know, I know, crazy about Jo rig-“
“Fine… Fine! But let’s sit down at least, okay? Don’t need any larger an audience than I already have…” he huffed, watching the stream of students entering the hall.
“Alright, lover boy. What’s got your panties in a twist now?” She asked, sitting back down next to Dean.
Dean busied himself with picking at his pizza, biting back the urge to protest Cas’ plan to meet up with Meg. He didn’t know why it bothered him so much, it wasn’t like they were going to be able to hang out after classes anyways, the remaining humans from their group were going to have their own planning session after class, which Cas would not be invited to. That knowledge still did nothing to ease the growing twisting in his stomach as Jo continued to tease Cas about his ‘date’.
“Holy shit, dude. That was way too close.”
for helping to tidy this chapter up!
“If you tell me, I’ll tell you,” Cas whispered, running a simultaneously calming and electrifying hand down Dean’s chest.
“Just a bit, yes. It’s true though.” Cas reaffirmed. Dean nodded as he set his coffee on his desk and gathered his clothes for the day.
“Any takers for stickin’ their necks out?” Benny muttered, keeping an eye over the bushes they had hidden behind, backs pressed against the large brick wall that acted as a sign for the college.
“Cas! Son of a bitch...” Dean had no choice but to comply. Michael was still hot on his tail after his taunting and there was a gleam in his eye that actually kind of concerned him. Dean sprinted as fast as his legs would carry him and gripped the two socks he carried nervously, hoping that Cas hadn’t just ditched him to save his own skin.
“And Michael. And let’s be honest, probably Jo too,” Dean hedged. Benny hummed in agreement.
With 5 minutes to go, Dean took a tentative sip from his coffee, still almost too hot even after leaving it uncapped while he got dressed. His phone buzzed as he took another quick sip, not willing to wait for it to cool enough to not be slightly painful. Should wake up 5 minutes earlier next time... Could actually drink the stuff before I gotta run. Dean pulled his phone out of his pocket, expecting a text from Charlie letting him know that she was on the move but it was from Jo instead.
“Dean, look at me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay, Monday morning. Here’s the plan. Cas and I leave the dorm at 7:40. We meet Benny and Charlie by the old oak behind the humanities building. Charlie and I will continue to our classes while Benny and Cas swing by Jo’s dorm to snag her on the way to the other side of campus. We all have a longer midday break so we hang back for an extra couple minutes before leaving the classroom so the zombies go after the twitchy humans. Some are sure to hang back and grab the stragglers so make sure you’ve got plenty of ammo on you when you leave. We all meet back at the oak tree and head for lunch together. Rinse and repeat. We take different paths every day. I’ll send out texts with the new paths the night before, text me if there’s any issues.”
“Cas…”
“This the same chick,” Dean asked, turning back to Cas.
Dean looked down at the bee mug still in his hand and frowned.
“I hear someone behind us,” he lied, whispering as quietly but as clearly as he could. They didn’t seem to see through the lie, well Charlie and Benny probably did, but they moved regardless, hugging the wall. They had made it much farther than Dean initially thought, his stomach dropped as he saw only open space between them and the parking lot, there was nowhere else to hide. Jessie and Cesar quickly tugged the group over to a few small alcoves just past the corner where recessed windows regularly peered into dark, empty classrooms. Max and Dean took the closest alcove to the corner and waited for the zombies to either pass or be ambushed. If they were noticed, they would have to make a break for it and that could potentially ruin their stealth streak.
And that’s it, one more twist of Cas’ finger and Dean’s done, he’s coming hard into Cas’ hand, all his senses whiting out, his whole body shaking and clenching around Cas. He’s never felt anything like that before,
“Yes,” Cas says, and Dean can hear his smile over the phone. “We were assigned to watch over Earth, you know. Sometimes we would watch humans have sex and bet on how long they would take to finish.”
Dean rolled his eyes. "It's not loaded," he hissed back. "Disarm me."
Dean licked his lips, cleared his throat, and leaned into Cas’ touch. It took him a moment to speak. "Yeah," he said, nodding, and then he added, "Keep the hat on," because Cas' hat had been knocked askew when he'd kissed Dean.
"You gonna actually talk to me this time?” He can’t help the way it comes out a little mean. He’s still pretty pissed.
gay?”
Dean lets him go ahead and walks over to Cas where he's covering Kushiel up with a tarp in the bed of his truck. Dean puts his hands in his pockets and looks askance at him. For angel business, Cas is always suited up, trenchcoat and all, and it makes Dean feel weird to talk to him like that now, like he’s got to get through Heaven’s armor.
"Not so fast, boy," Sheriff Cas breathed, hot against the shell of his ear.
Dean has no answer. He’s already backing away, biting his lip, alarms blaring in his head. His heart is pounding in his chest. He looks at Cas, trying to keep his guilt off his face. “I don’t know,” he admits, and then, “I’m sorry.”
“It’s not
"Dean," Cas says in a whisper, voice so full of pity and tenderness that Dean's eyes immediately burn. Cas comes closer to him, his arms bracketing Dean, surrounding him. Dean feels his warmth and can't stand it.
"Don't blow out the lightbulbs," he hisses urgently, remembering what had happened the first time they'd kissed.
Cas takes mercy on him and removes his fingers, a small smile curving up the corner of his mouth. He bends down to kiss Dean’s knee where he’s been holding it up.
“I want you to fuck me,” Dean says softly, trying to put his need into his voice, his desire. He can only do it here, in the dark quiet of his bedroom, with Cas looking and looking at him, pinning him with his gaze.
After, Dean closes his eyes and leans his cheek against Cas' thigh. He feels a little dizzy and Cas is so solid under him.
Cas looks confused. "I don't sho—" he cuts himself off when Dean looks at him, then gets it and smiles. "Yes, I—yes."
Holy shit, Dean thought, and then promptly stopped thinking.
Dean closes his eyes and presses his palms against his eyelids, letting out a long slow breath. "Fine—fine! I'm curious about it. I have no idea if I'll like it or if it'll feel good but I just—I just want to try it." His heart is racing stupidly in his chest as he chances a look at Cas.
"Needed refills," Dean says.
When they're clean and the bed is clean, Dean pulls Cas on top of him, lets Cas press him into the mattress, holds his hands and kisses him deep. The pleased sound Cas makes against his mouth reverberates inside him, buoying him up for days afterwards.
In the morning, Dean doesn’t freak out but examines himself wonderingly in the mirror instead, cataloguing the dark bruising kisses Cas left on the curve of his shoulders, the small finger marks on his hip, the comfortable ache of his ass. He’s never belonged anywhere, not really, and certainly not to any one, but Cas from the beginning had left his mark on him, and it makes him feel grounded in a way, held calm and steady. Cas watches him from the bed with eyes dark with desire and doesn’t run away either, so Dean crawls back under the sheets to kiss him.
He jumps of course, nearly dropping the bottle he had pulled out of a drawer.
,” Cas growls in his ear and even through the haze of sex in his mind, Dean grins.
"Yeah," he says, feeling a little heady. "It's the sacristy."
They find the baby aspirin in a bathroom off the hallway and some rubbing alcohol for the cut on Cas’ palm. Dean pats the baby back to sleep as he watches Cas bend over the sink to apply the alcohol gingerly. The cut will heal up fine, but something in his hand is definitely broken, maybe a ligament or something if not a bone. The drops of blood on Cas’ sleeve stand out in the bright light of the bathroom and Dean worries his bottom lip against the feeling building in his chest, the familiar drumbeat of his guilt. Cas’ shirt is buttoned up again, Dean notices. By the time Cas looks up, Dean has schooled his expression back to normal—businesslike, just another hunt.
Dean takes a step into the room and Cas turns at the sound, his face collapsing into a frown. He takes another step in, and another, until he's kneeling down in front of Cas and pulling the remote from his hand to mute the tv.
At the Gas-n-Sip, he sucks down coffee by the door while Sam fills up the car. They’ve got only an hour left of the drive back to the bunker and belatedly he realizes the coffee is going to make him more jumpy, not less. He doesn’t want to have this conversation with Sam and he especially doesn’t want to have it right now, not when Cas is acting weird as fuck. He pulls out his phone and checks for messages from Cas, though he doesn’t expect any. He sends a couple of texts anyway.
Cas pushes in a third finger and presses against the bundle of nerves inside him and Dean can’t help it, he gasps. His cock has already made a mess leaking precome on his stomach and he’s not sure how much longer he can last. He can feel his arms starting to shake from holding himself up.
Dean thinks about this. "Angelic booty call, huh?" he says. "Gotta keep that in mind."
"I don't believe that you actually want that," Cas says evenly.
Dean Winchester had made a name for himself around these parts, what with the stealing and carousing he got up to as he blew in and out of the little towns that dotted the wide horizons of southwest. People said that all he'd inherited from his father was a crack shot aim and a give-em-hell attitude, but that wasn't the whole of it. He had his daddy's leather jacket too, as well as a black mare, sleek and loyal, that he liked to call Baby.
He’s got Cas’ dick out finally and Cas stops and moans in his ear when Dean curves his hand around it, like he’s been waiting—aching for it. The sound makes Dean's mouth water and he pushes Cas backwards to give himself room to sink down to his knees for his sacrament. Cas’ cock is hard and beautiful; Dean holds it with one hand as he licks a stripe along the underside, a tease until he pulls the head into his mouth. He moves his tongue around the head, pressing gently at the join underneath, sliding along the slit. At Cas’ choked off groan above him, he grins like an asshole but obediently sucks the rest of him in, letting the head of Cas’ cock slide along the roof of his mouth, taking him in as far as he can. Every time he lets Cas’ cock slide out of his mouth, he looks up through his eyelashes at Cas, meeting his piercing gaze, the single point of his attention.
It's a more difficult angle but Cas gets his hands under Dean's thighs and hoists him onto the cabinet. Dean shoves away the vestments that were laid out on top of the cabinet to give himself room and leans back on his hands.
"I won't, of course I won't, relax Sammy," Dean had told him, and for the rest of that night, he had kept thinking how crazy it was that Sam had been scared to tell his own brother something.
. He doesn’t even feel Cas taking his finger away, his heart pounding in his ears.
Sam had slowly hiccupped himself back to silence, only whispering once, "Don't tell dad."
Dean winks at Castiel when they trap him inside the metal bunker. And then he asks Castiel to kill him.
And then they're off, Cas finally fucking him, his hand on Dean's stomach anchoring them together. Every thrust fills Dean up and punches a grunt from him; each withdrawal sparking pleasure all through him. He feels breathless, cleaved open; he can’t believe it took them so long to do this. His fingers twist in the sheets and then in Cas’ own hand, tight around his.
It isn't until they're two hours into the drive back to the bunker that Dean realizes what Sam was hinting at and the steering wheel jerks in his grasp.
“Looked like you need some work on your aim, Winchester,” Charlie chided. Dean waved her off.
“Oh just you wait, I’ll see you two later,” she drawled.
Dean lifted his head from his pillow and reluctantly opened one eye to see Cas sitting at his desk, fully dressed, backpack at his feet. He sat up with a yawn and rubbed the sleep out of his eyes.
“Cas…”
“Benny! Jesse! Follow me!” Dean shouted thankful that it at least wasn’t just him and Benny. They were going to need all the help they could get. The three of them took off sprinting directly towards the science building. If they were going to be making a run for it, may as well try to thin the herd guarding the science building while they were at it.
“I believe I heard you say something about putting a bell on Cas at lunch yesterday?”
“Well, if we angle just a bit south, there’s a light out in the corner of the lot. Could help us keep further out before swinging back around,” Jesse suggested. Dean had recognized the guy who brought up the suggestion from some of his classes. His boyfriend, Cesar, was also in their group and he hummed a bit in indecision.
“What’s up with Meg?”
“Son of a bitch.... Son of a bitch!” Dean paced several times across the room. Dean was an idiot. He had been expecting Cas to come straight for him but Cas was way smarter than that. How often had Dean gloated that one of the reasons Dean had managed to stay human through the apocalypse was because of his so-called mastermind tactics revolving around their friends. Cas was going to turn them all and save Dean for last.
“For you?” Dean says. “Always.”
The blossoms are gross little tentacles bundled in threes, some hellish mix between a heart and a hentai porno.
“No,” Dean says. Just
is the endgame. Family,
The good news is that Cas has a plan.
won. We want it back.”
“Well, it said it had to be in me, so--”
It’s nice to see.
“Hello, boys.”
if anyone wants to say hi.
“And,” Michael adds. “To bind the spell together, the nectar from a leviathan blossom.”
just happened before the jig is up, Ashley pulls herself free, flashes her white eyes and surprise, she’s actually Lilith.
It doesn’t ease the awful, tense ache squeezing the back of Dean neck, the base of his skull, until the grace settles and Cas gasps in a breath and it relieves the building pressure in Dean’s chest too.
Dean polishes off his beer and follows the sounds of giddy flirting down the hall. The smell of food hit’s him before he rounds the corner. It smells greasy and sweet and awesome, the minute he crosses the threshold Sam drops some pancakes on the counter.
So instead, they’re stuck with the same gigantic tomes they’ve scoured before and the stifling, suffocating tension of being stuck in a room with someone you tried to murder sits heavily on Dean’s soul.
Sam is crying by the end, ugly crying. About the possible future Chuck showed him or the uncertain one they’re left with instead, Dean isn’t sure. He’s snotty and gross and gasping in breath between sobs and Dean doesn’t know how to even begin to calm him down.
Three.
Dean doesn’t know what those avenues are, and he doesn’t much care. But Sam does, so Dean sits at the back with his bottle of single malt and pretends to listen.
Cas finally joins them, and they’re barely in position before Mike drops in. His face, Adam’s face, looks exactly the same, which shouldn’t be a surprise but it somehow hits more than anything else.
“So we just let him make the same mistakes? We’re supposed to teach him better!”
To his credit, Jack doesn’t hesitate.
Dean makes it home in record time.
“Well don’t tell me,” Michael smirks, smug bastard. “Tell him.”
Dean is 100% down to shoot them when they wriggle their way out of touching the silver pen. Who the hell doesn’t have a phone in 2019? Really?!
Dean wakes up groggy and sore, with some vague fifties music stuck in his head and a weird urge to tap dance. His whole face feels numb and swollen, but Garth smiles at him and guides him up to the living room.
It wasn’t, really. After all they’ve been through, this was pedestrian. It does the trick though, gets Sam talking, even if he has changed his tune on Soccer Dad’s parenting methods.
“What,” he demands, weapon raised, scanning the space for something to stab. “What is happening?”
Excellent.
Time means nothing without daylight and routine, the date is lost with nobody on Earth to keep track.
Sam pulls him in to a hug and Dean lets himself slump into it, and they shore each other up while the grief crashes over them.
“Bye Dean,” Chuck says, then a soft whistling sound of air  in the speaker before the call cuts off.
Either way, his phone tells him it’s 0300 and the benefit of an underground bunker with no natural light is that there’s no reason not to get up for ice cream at three in the morning.
“Donatello?” Cas says. “Is that a good idea?”
Claire kinda half shrugs, half nods, half shakes her head. “Thanks,” she says, quietly, to her knees. Then she side-eyes him, “Sorry about Cas.”
” Dean says. Then again, “Fine. Let’s go.”
That’ll be the easy bit.
free. What we’ve done, what we’ve lost… Right now
Except for how Cas
“I just thought. We know Donatello can sense Chuck’s presence, right? But with him compromised, there’s only one place that monitors those kind of wavelength anomalies; Heaven.”
“Everything dies.”
Michael borrows Jack for some heavenly renovations, and Sam wants to drive Eileen home. He asks a dozen times, is Dean sure he’ll be okay. Dean knows he can’t look good, weeks of broken sleep and an almost exclusively liquid diet have left him drawn and thin, but he tries to smile.
Cas still isn’t answering his phone, that’s not exactly new. Freedom might be an illusion, but some things don’t change. Sam texts him the need-to-knows, tries to call him every evening when he thinks Dean’s passed out.
But that's just Dean issues surfacing again, when apparently Adam was just stuck in mandatory couples counselling. They should have been looking for him all along, and how are they even supposed to start apologising for that?
Dean listens at the door for a minute, can hear breathing and nothing else.
He doesn’t seem to be having much more luck with that than anything else.
“It could’ve been a trick. And we have no idea where Amara even is while Chuck is doing all of this. Is she helping him? Does she even
Which is fair. But also, he doesn’t unpack his backstory on any old kid he’s saved from a monster.
“Oh,” Jack says. “I ate it.”
And sure, he parks in front of that hydrant every time, maybe it’s just the inevitable conclusion to a bad day, but then he gets home and Sam is ghost-pale and germy and somehow managed to burn both his hands, spoil dinner
“Honestly kinda surprised that
Billie narrows her eyes at him. Ripples with ethereal, otherworldly energy.
“Hah,” Sam smiles at his knees. “Nah. I got lucky.”
“No, no. No, I’m good,” Dean insists. “You guys stay and eat. Smells terrific.”
This is another of those holes Dean punched in the drywall and wallpapered over without fixing.
“What happened?” Sam asks. Accepts the pancakes, but honestly feels such a mixture of excitement and confusion he couldn’t possibly eat. “Cas, how are you back? I thought, the Empty--”
?” Sam asks.
Okay, cool. So, “Is it a weapon? How does it work?”
He’s down to five minutes-
He’s surprised, then, when he steps into the bunker and can smell pancakes and bacon and… honey, maybe? Dean’s barely eaten anything for weeks, let alone
Chuck’s still toying with them.
“We have your son,” Dean adds, for good measure.
Dean has ten whole seconds to try to process what the
“Yeah,” if he says so. “I just wish we knew about that spell for mom.”
“I will.”
He takes a few more ragged breaths, Dean can feel his chest heave, he’s stood so close. Dean stays statue still, hands still clutching the cue and pressed against the warmth of Lee’s stomach. He can’t look down.
Patience appears from the kitchen with plates and napkins, and the three of them chatter between themselves while they work.
“Forget it, sounds nuts.”
Ain’t that the question.
“What?!” Sam snaps.
“Good,” he says, slowly. “Or bad. The world doesn’t care. No one cares, Dean.”
“Jack?!” Cas yells, the echo reverberating back around the tiny room the only answer.
“Look, I know you’re better than me at pretty much everything, okay? That’s okay!” he says, because it sounded a little harsher than he means it. “I’m not mad, I’m proud! But I can wipe the floor with you when it comes to pool.”
The bad news is that he’s flittering about like a moth in a lamp store, and they have exactly zero chance of getting to him before he moves again.
“Well,” Dean sighs. “Donny’s got zip. How bout you?”
“Thought you’d never make your move.”
That hasn’t changed. Dean has watched more friends die than he’s had haircuts, and it doesn’t make a damn bit of difference. Lee might have managed to get out, to leave every aspect of the life behind, but Dean can’t. He’s been pulled along by these puppet strings for so long he wouldn’t know how to do anything else.
He flicks the switch. The lights stay stubbornly unresponsive. Not even a flicker.
Sam says, “Where’s Cas?”
When they pull up at the local station in the morning, the Sheriff straight up tells them she doesn’t think it was an animal attack, mountain lion, psychotic bear or otherwise, and oh, hey, there’s a witness too! Great!
Kaia stops them from opening fire on a bunch of shadowy creatures with red eyes, and after a tense few minutes the herd passes them by.
“Castiel. Ready when you are.”
Guilt and dread make for a noxious mixture, churning in his stomach, his head, his heart. As desperately as Dean wants to do better by Jack, he can’t exactly give him the benefit of the doubt again. They all ignored those early warning signs, last time, and it got mom dead.
“Smart, why would you?” Frustration is building in his chest, itching up his neck. “Look. I don’t know if you care or not but God-- Chuck is back on the board. So watch your back. And check your damn messages!”
“What?”
The case in Colorado pings on Charlie’s news tracking program after the third victim, with the keywords ‘woods’, ‘animal attack’ and ‘mountain lion’ because it’s surprising how often Simba gets pegged for supernatural shit. It takes Sam all of 2 minutes to log onto some wildlife charity database and
A weird kind of peace settles around the bunker, with the four of them back here full time. Things would almost be normal, if it wasn’t for the looming threat of God’s very literal wrath.
Only, she doesn’t try anything.
“Damn,” Dean says, because there really is nothing he can say that makes a tour in Hell any better.
True. But they have to find it first.
12 missed calls from Cas, 7 voicemails.
Rowena blinks at him. “You want to rein in
"Is that something you like, baby?"
The alpha shook his head and walked over to Dean. "Here is one turkey, cheese, and mayo for you, your highness."
<<From Cas: Try that again, boy.
They lazily kissed and touched and whispered soft promises of forever as they came down from their high. Castiel couldn't fathom a time where he had been happier. "Dean, I love you so much. I know we talked about it before, but, you know that I want to wear your bite, too, don't you? I... I can't stand the thought of the world not knowing who I belong to."
"That's great news," Cas paused, "well, not great news, but..."
The alpha smiled as he walked over to Dean. The kid had already cleared his plate of the eggs and half of the bacon. "You weren't kidding, huh?" Dean shook his head, but kept his eyes on the plate. He continued to eat quickly. Cas rubbed his foot up and down Dean's ankle. "Slow down, sweet boy. You're going to get sick."
"H-how did you--- How could you possibly---" Sam tried and failed to start many different sentences.
"I'm positive it would help him, but with his aggressiveness, I seriously doubt that that is an option. I was in the room when Dr. Roche explained his current behavior needs."
Soooo I know I said that I would try to update once a week, but the chapter was getting too long, so here is part of it a bit early! Hope you enjoyed it!
"Oh, you're going to be 'indecent' with me? Mr. ODT Professional? Mr. Ethical? Mr. By-the-Book? You're going to be indecent?" Dean laughed.
"Umm.... no, I... I don't think so." Dean closed his eyes for a minutes  and wiped at them with the inside of his wrist.  "Alright, so, remember what you told me the first night this all started? That you would protect me when I was scared? Well... I'm kinda scared now." Dean bit his bottom lip and risked a glance up to Cas.
Castiel looked down at D and smiled. D gave a silent laugh and shrugged one shoulder as to say "yea, what can you do? I'm great."
Suzanne chuckled. "No need for that here, Dean. Well..." she took a deep breath. "As you know, I am a beta. Betas have a much smaller chance of conceiving with alphas or omegas, but David and I were destined to be together. We fell in love on a field trip in the fifth grade and have been together ever sense."
Cas just shook his head. "Anyways, yes, the kid has made a lot of progress. For one, he allowed me to hold his hand. Turns out he had, or has, a serious infection and needed some form of touch to stabilize him. The doctor explained that the only options were to let him die from infection or risk touch shock."
"Considering how big your eyes got when you saw my cock for the first time, I would be inclined to agree." Cas let out a silent laugh and Dean's tongue tickled up and down the column of his throat. Trying his best to keep contact, he moved them to their sides.
Castiel could feel the nervous energy radiating from Dean as they drove towards Sam's home. It was evident from the omega's foot tapping, constant shuffling in his seat, and nail biting that he was still very anxious about this meeting. He could dish out all the false bravado that he wanted, but at the end of the day, Castiel knew him. He knew Dean was sitting there, preparing for another rejection. He was building up walls around his heart to keep him from becoming too happy about the potential positive outcome of the lunch.
(See the end of the chapter for
He felt Cas stiffen and before he could process what was happening, he was suddenly on his back. Cas' hand gripped his chin and pulled him closer. "You may not be my baby boy right now, but you are still
The talk show host began talking. "And we're back. After watching a good superhero movie, I always think it's a good thing to back to the origin of the heroes. As I mentioned before the break, we're going to be looking at some of DC Superman's early years. You just saw him fighting the big bads in the
"Well, that is certainly understandable."
Cas patted Sam's shoulder. "You're fine, Sam. I promise. There's no reason for you two not to get along. In fact, I'm positive that Dean will recover faster with a friend in his corner."
"But I'll be right back." Castiel poked Dean on the nose and smiled. As he l left the bedroom with Dean pouting behind him, the pure bliss of being with his True Mate hit him. He wasn't ever going to be alone again and he got to spend his life with this magnificent omega. He was a lucky man.
"Yea, baby boy. You can watch more Batman with..." Castiel looked to Bobby for the intern's name.
Cas quickly brought two fingers to Dean's mouth and the omega's eyes rolled back as he took them in. Cas continued eating all of the slick he could get as he pushed his fingers in and out of Dean's lips. The alpha groaned and Dean took his fingers a bit deeper. Slowly, he pulled them out. Dean was so drunk on the sensations that he followed Cas' fingers for a moment with a whine. His complaints soon ended once Castiel replaced his tongue with his fingers and began licking Dean's rim.
"I'm just peachy, sugar. You here to see 327 again?"
Sam glanced up at Dean and gave a half-hearted smile. "I don't know what's wrong with the thing. It's given me problems since I bought the thing."
Finally, Roche's belt opened and he pulled his zipper down slowly. He made some movements and Castiel knew that he was finally exposed.
"Of course, Dean. You need one."
Castiel parked his car in the first row of parking spaces in front of The Roadhouse. It was a staple burger-joint in the community and Castiel felt a special connection to the place considering that Ellen had worked there for some time before moving over to the ODT. He spent many childhood birthday parties and awkward, acne-filled dates in one corner or another of those four walls. He thought that it would be a great place for Dean and Sam to hang out. A couple of pool tables and arcade games would give the two space to feel some independence without letting Dean wander too far from the alpha's sight.
Dean smiled behind the paci and rubbed his cheek on Cas’ hand. “Mhmm.”
Dean looked down and thought for a bit. Cas thought that he may have gone to sleep, but the omega asked, "So, what do I do about today?"
"I know omega growls are uncommon, but like you said yesterday, he is a very unique case. So, obviously, I needed another way to address him and get his attention. It's great to have a starting point for our communication, but it's not very reliable. For starters, his language skills are not well-developed at this point. The letter D sounds like eight other letters in the alphabet. He may be relating it to another letter. Not to mention vowel digraphs like "ea" and "ei." Those can sound similar to a hard "d" sound in certain words."
“I. Hate. IKEA. It is not a secret.”
Thanks!
"Ah, fuck! Daddy! It's... It's filling me up so good."
The omega hummed. "So, in regular-person talk, if you came on me, then I might feel better?"
"Probably. We'll do all of the exercises and everything at home, of course, so he certainly won't backslide like a lot of patients do when they're released."
Dean was staying close to his side and his eyes flicked to various points of interest around the living room. The TV, piano, and a floor-to-ceiling bookshelf with board games kept his attention for the longest periods of time. Sam seemed to pick up on Dean's uneasiness and ushered him over to the board games. Cas could hear him suggesting different games to play after lunch. Sadly, Cas knew that Dean was still building up walls and was not about to agree to play a game. The question of why he was not adopted was still nagging at the omega and Castiel could see it written all over his face. He couldn't blame it for it, either.
"Gotcha. So, you're in pain now, but it's not the worst pain you've had? Correct?"
"Easy, tiger. He can't get to your omega now."
The four men sat in the booth and let silence surround them. The distant clanging of pots and pans, the overlapping conversations of other customers, and the quiet classic rock on the jukebox slowly faded into the distance. Castiel wasn't sure what to think about Dean's admission. It was quite the bold statement, but it would explain Sam and Dean's instant connection.
Cas ran his fingers lightly up and down Dean's back. "Whenever you're ready."
Dean nodded. "I've never doubted that." Dean cleared his throat. "I told him... I told him that I would rather live the rest of my life without any touch at all than to be touched by him again." Dean buried his face into the crook of Castiel's arm. "And he... he said 'anything for you.' Then, he took me downstairs."
Cas gave Dean a moment to respond, but the omega did not seem interested in filling the silence. So, he spoke up himself. "Yes, thank you for such a warm welcome, Mrs. Wesson."
His train of thought was cut short when Cas moved them so he was laying on Dean’s back. Dean found himself once again trapped between Daddy and the mattress. “We went over this last night.” Cas nibbled on Dean’s ear and added another finger to his mouth. “You’re my baby. I own you, sweet boy. I decide what pleasure you get. I thought that you understood that.” Dean felt defiant and confident as he laid there. He decided to chuckle in response. He wanted Daddy to prove that. He wanted Daddy to claim him in the dirtiest way that he could.
Dean just let out a pained moan and rolled over. His nose found Cas' scent gland quickly. He breathed in deeply, although unevenly and shakily. After about five minutes or so, Dean was calm enough to speak again. "Any," another hiccup, "anyways, I was down there for two years I guess. Never thought I would ever get out. No one even knew I existed. No one out there looking for me. Gave up on life. Lost my scent. Couldn't talk. Then that guy broke down the door and shoved his gun in Alastair's face. I thought he was going to kill us all, but then I saw the badge. I think that was the first time I smiled in two years. I shut my eyes and then I woke up here."
Castiel raised his eyebrows. "Oh, do tell. How does that make any sense?"
Cas chuckled and covered Dean's hands with his own. "So, A. I think of asphyxiation, anal play, and age play."
Dean did not ask about whether or not he should do anything for Cas in return and it made the alpha smile. His omega was learning what sex could really be about; how it was an exchange of love and affection, rather than solely being a way to satisfy biological requirements or the sick result of an unchecked alpha-complex.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Well, D, I'll see you tomorrow."
“I figured that last one woke you up. Do you need anything?”
Roche's eyes bulged out his head as he turned to leave. His lab coat was comical as it wrapped around him like in a cartoon. "See you tomorrow, Novak."
He could see Cas' pupils dilate and it was hard to miss how his eyebrows shot up at Dean's accidental confession. All Dean wanted was to crawl under the bed, never see anyone again, and then maybe, just maybe, he wouldn't have to deal with this embarrassment. But for some reason he couldn't move. He couldn't even move his eyes away from Cas' that were currently digging into his soul. All that he could feel was ice-cold fear replace the warm contentment he had felt less than ten seconds ago. So, Dean decided not to move or speak for two reasons. One, he didn't think that he physically could, and two, he risked fucking everything up even more if he tried anything else.
"As you know, I cannot smell Dean. But, he can smell me."
"I'm sure it does, baby. It's not enough, though, is it? You need something bigger?"
“Lay down on your tummy and pull your boxers down below your cute little ass, baby.”
Cas moved so quickly that Dean saw the room flying around him in a blur. Dean was on his stomach and Cas was snarling in his ear. "You are such a dirty little boy. You make things so hard for Daddy. You make Daddy want to break his own rules sometimes."
Cas knew that regardless of what the situation felt like that he had to address what he had done. "Dean, sweet boy, I am so sorry. I will never forgive myself for leaving you. I should have been in that room with you. I should have never--"
It earned his a sharp pop to his ass cheek. "What a naughty boy. You know that you don't get to make that choice. Plus, you know the letter C comes next. There is a lot for the letter C."
Dean laughed. "Don't apologize for threatening me with a good time. No, alpha, I need to know... what happens when they release me? I heard Roche talking last night about letting me out in a day or two. I'll have to go to a shelter for a while before I can get on my feet and until then, how will I see you? I've... I've been kind of worried about that. I've gotten used to you, Cas."
"They didn't remove his scent gland, Cas." Gabe shook his head and dug the palms of hands into his eyes. "He stopped producing a scent. His pheromones have shut down."
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas waved her off. "You're fine. I just wanted to see if D's lab work has come back."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Oh, please. I'll count it as a business lunch and get reimbursed. You're saving me money." Bobby laughed and walked out of The Roadhouse with Sam.
>>To Cas: Nah.
The alpha smiled and placed his coffee mug on the counter. He walked over Dean and wrapped his arms around his waist. "I know, D. It's okay to feel nervous."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Dean, I certainly appreciate you protecting me." Dean looked up with a satisfied smile on his face and nodded once, as if to say, 'of course.' "Maybe though, we could be a little easier on these people since we're at the hospital?"
Dean took out his paci and nuzzled Cas. He nodded his head. “Yea, it was real good… Read it again, Daddy? Please?
“Go back in there and get in bed. I will be there as soon as I wash up a little, okay? Try to steady your breathing, and then Daddy will make everything better, my sweet boy.” Cas kissed his cheek and hugged him close.
Cas looked around and smiled. While some of the decorations were a bit over the top, like the abundance of fake fruit in the middle of the table and the winding greenery over the fireplace, it was clear that love filled this home. Pictures of the Wessons littered almost every surface of the home. Walls, tables, cabinets, desks. As they walked into the large living room, he found an odd pleasure in seeing that the large photo over the sofa was not an ostentatious portrait, but a canvas print of the family making goofy faces. The obvious wealth and implied humility of the home was quite the opposite of what he expected. He was very happy that he was wrong.
When Castiel finally managed to tear his eyes from the beautiful man in front of him, he saw Charlie dabbing her eyes, MacLeod with a satisfied grin on his face, and Roche with his jaw on the floor. "Better close that mouth of yours, Roche. You'll catch flies."
(See the end of the chapter for
as much. Here, in the apartment, away from where everything started, those things don’t work as much. So, I don’t think I have any ‘oral health’ damage. I started doing it more often here. I don’t know why it took so long for me to calm down this time.”
“That’s what she said.”
Dean and Cas have to go back to their everyday lives and actually work.
The alpha smiled at Dean's pouting and wrapped his arms around the other man. They had settled into the couch cushions, ready to watch some boring documentary before Dean's stomach told them that their plans had changed. Cas was sitting in a corner of the sofa with one foot on the floor and the other leg stretched out across the other cushions. Dean had found a comfy spot between Cas's legs and immediately claimed the alpha's chest as his head rest. "Sweet boy, you know that you're hungry. As soon as I push 'play' on the remote your stomach will make a fuss again. Come on, why don't you come with me into the kitchen?"
The nurse smiled. "I didn't want you to think we were neglecting him." There was that classic care that Castiel had initially expected.
"I've been telling yo—" Dean cuts himself off with a groan as Cas finally pushes in, huge inside him, slotting into place like the smooth slide of his favorite gun.
He decides to focus on Cas’ hand stroking their dicks; that still feels good, at least. He can feel the familiar heat building inside him again, slower this time. Cas’ finger inside him strokes him too, and it’s strange, being touched from inside and out like this, like Cas is anchoring him in place.
"Is that my lettuce?" he asks, stopping dead in the middle of the kitchen to boggle at Dean. "Are you making
Okay, so maybe he hasn’t figured all his shit out, but it’s a start.
He thinks maybe Cas appreciates that this is nowhere near as big a freakout as the last one Dean had had, after he'd finally admitted to himself that he liked having Cas' cock in his mouth. He'd panicked and driven three hundred miles to Kansas City, gotten completely hammered at a brothel and then hadn't been able to get it up when the hooker had gotten naked and straddled him. He'd ended up crying a little and she'd taken pity on him and let him use his fingers on her with the time he'd bought. And he hadn't thought it was possible to be angry and sullen while sucking on a beautiful woman's nipples but apparently it was. He'd tried to go down on her too but she'd pushed him away.
Cas’ grip became firmer and faster on his cock. He looked down to see the head of his cock appear and disappear inside Cas’ fist, the sensations overwhelming him, faster and faster—then he was coming, all over, mouth falling open for the third time that night, shaking in Cas’ grip.
Dean straightens up from the crib and frowns at Cas, who’s looking down at the baby like he’s expecting her to wake back up. “It seemed like a date from the conversation this morning,” he says.
“Handy,” Dean says, hopping off the cabinet. “How come you never do that when we need to clean up the kitchen, huh?”
They don’t sleep together every night, and on the nights that Cas isn’t there, Dean stays awake and thinks about the things Cas says to him, turns them over and over in his head. There are more and more days where he doesn't feel like a piece of shit, heavy with guilt. He doesn't feel good exactly, he just feels...okay, neutral in a way that feels like a relief after years and years of feeling like shit. He thinks maybe Cas' earnest words have been sinking in bit by bit, slowly filling in the emptiness inside him.
“Okay,” Dean says, not looking at him. He leans forward with his elbows on his knees and rubs at a grease stain he missed on his thumb. “So talk.”
“Hold on to me,” Cas murmurs, and Dean slides his arms around Cas’ shoulders, ready, his heart rate picking back up.
“Dean,” Cas said, smiling. “Was that...satisfactory?”
“Believe it, baby,” Dean says, yawning.
“No,” Dean insists, shaking his head. “It’s weird but keep going.”
Dean glances at Cas but Cas just glares at the guy and doesn’t respond so he and Sam don’t either.
Cas shifted the arm around him to help him lean back against the counter as he caught his breath. He pressed a kiss to the corner of Dean’s lax mouth, and knelt down to untie the rope. Dean watched him set his wrists free and mojo away the mess, a different set of emotions flooding him now that he’d come. He smiled to see that Cas’ hat had become askew again. When Cas made to get up, he stopped him with a hand on his shoulder, and slid down to sit on the ground next to him. Cas scooted close obligingly, curling a hand around his back, eyes moving all over Dean’s face to take stock of him. Dean felt Cas’ free hand run over his knees, the warm wash of his grace easing the soreness there.
“Cas—Cas—,” he was chanting under his breath in Cas’ ear, feeling his orgasm building inside him, getting closer.
"It is when you're wanted for seven train robberies, outlaw," Sheriff Cas snapped and took a step toward him.
Sometimes though, Dean is reminded that he’s not the only one with issues in this relationship.
Cas raises his eyebrows but says nothing. He steps into the small room and peers around, taking in the white walls and dark wooden beams, the shelves and drawers of sacred vessels. He opens the glass door of a wall cabinet and touches a finger to the golden chalice inside.
Cas' hand tightens on his hip—Dean imagines suddenly a handprint-shaped bruise—and he lets out a shaky breath against the back of Dean's neck. It takes a few moments, but the electrical noise dies down and Dean loosens his grip on Cas' wrist.
Cas—and it was definitely Cas now, his eyes soft and kind again—held Dean's face in his large hands and ran his thumbs along the tired joints of his jaw. "You still want me to keep going?" he checked in an earnest voice.
“She has a fever,” he says miserably. “I can’t pick her up—my hand—”
He looks at Sam now and reminds himself of that feeling. This is Sam, he’s known him his whole life.
It had brought him up short, forced him on the defensive. He thinks that if he had ever walked past Jimmy Novak on the street, he probably wouldn’t have given him a second look. But he can’t help but like the way Cas looks up at him through his eyelashes when he's unsure of something. He likes the little smile Cas makes when he says something to make Dean laugh. He likes when Cas touches him with his broad hands, to heal him, or reassure him. He likes the way Cas rolls his eyes when he's annoyed at him, the way he still stares at him sometimes, intense and bright.
“No,” Cas says, pulling at Dean’s hips to turn him back around. “I want to see you.”
Castiel does not mind; they both know that there is a cost to disobedience.
“Castiel,” he agrees, and holds tight to Cas' iron bicep and gasps into his neck as he comes, without either of their hands on his dick, and his ass clenching around Cas' dick pulls him over too. Dean opens his eyes to see Cas' eyes glow blue as Cas draws on his grace for strength to keep them both upright, while pumping and pumping the last of himself into Dean.
Dean chucks his jeans to the side and finds the bottle of oil where he had dropped it earlier. He pushes it into Cas’s palm and turns to face the cabinet, leaning over it on his elbows and sticking his ass out, ready, beyond ready.
Dean takes the hint and goes.
The sheriff had both of Dean’s wrists in one hand now, and with his other hand, he used Dean’s gun to push Dean’s hat off so it fell to the ground. He slid the cold metal of the barrel along Dean’s flushed, exposed neck. He tap-tap-tapped it on the curve of Dean's jaw, and used it to lift his chin so Dean could look him in the eye. Sheriff Cas looked pleased, a little smug, his gaze heavy lidded and dark.
Dodge City had a lot of things Dean liked, but the best thing it had was the Stampede Saloon, known for its stiff drinks, gun fights, and good company. Dean walked in through the swinging doors of the saloon with a hand on his hip holster and his boots scuffing the rough wooden floor. He straightened the stetson on his head and smiled when his eyes landed on the lone figure in the room leaning against the bar with his back to him. Sheriff Cas, in his long brown coat and dark pants tucked into his spurred boots, turned at the sound of the door, his hand around a half finished bottle of beer.
“It was a misunderstanding,” Cas says with a small shrug, like it doesn’t matter, but Dean remembers how proud Cas had been that morning for making progress in moving on with his life.
"I don't always—look I enjoy it the more we do it, ok? We had to both get a little better at it. It's not always going to be good at the beginning."
Cas hums into his neck and finally pulls back, and with the glow of Cas' healing magic, the mess on their clothes and between Dean’s legs disappears.
"Hey Cas, you okay?" Dean asks, pitching his voice low. "You don't care about the stuff this douchebag was saying, do you? You know he’s full of shit." He hates how needy he sounds but they don't have a lot of time right now and he wants to make sure Cas understands.
They eventually do graduate to two fingers, and then another night a long time after, to three, which Dean finds impossibly huge inside him, like they're going to break him open, split him in half. He shakes through the whole thing the first time they do it, twisting the sheets between his fingers, grunting into his pillow. Cas keeps a soothing hand on him the entire time, rubbing circles on his side, stroking his dick, supporting his trembling thighs, stopping him when he tries to push back on Cas' fingers, not letting him take in any more than he can.
would know—,” Dean starts in frustration, and then pauses. Conversations with Cas sometimes make him feel like his brain is being stretched in too many directions. He hears what Cas is saying and it makes sense in the way that Cas sees the world but it doesn’t make any sense at all in the real world that Dean lives in so Dean has to somehow translate it back so it does make sense. He pulls back and tries to explain this to Cas but Cas just looks at him for a long moment. Finally, he rolls his eyes and sniffs.
“Toes in the sand, Cas, I’ve been waiting for this for years,” he says, rubbing his hands together.
Dean moans into his mouth and grabs Castiel’s waist. Castiel bites his lip and Dean opens to allow the slick slide of his tongue. They are tumbling, Dean pulling him down so they can lie side by side. Castiel’s hands can’t stop touching his chest, his face, curving protectively around his jaw.
Cas keeps stroking him with his left hand and pushes in with his right and it feels...weird. It doesn’t hurt, but it’s so
Cas dutifully straightened his hat, making Dean smile. When Cas pushed himself up to his feet again, Dean remembered. “Say more of the outlaw stuff,” he said. Cas quirked a smile to show that he understood and then when he cleared his throat, his face was blank again.
He doesn't want to have this talk right now. All he wants to do is suck Cas' dick until that disapproving look leaves his face. And for once, Cas doesn't stop him. He just watches Dean pull his dick out and stroke it into hardness, look at the pretty length of it, kiss the base, the crown, and pull it into his mouth.
Cas takes a moment to touch the wet trail of tears still on Dean’s face before pulling away. Dean turns back to the pillow as Cas curves in around him again. It only takes one, two, three more thrusts before Cas is groaning sharply into his shoulder and coming, his palm pressing tightly into Dean’s chest, over his heart.
Dean says, “Thanks for that.” Then he stabs Castiel in the chest.
“No,” Cas says firmly.
When Cas finally presses a finger into him, it's almost a relief, a balm on his sparked-up skin. Cas takes his time—he always takes his time—stretching him open, until Dean is boneless beneath him. Every once in a while, Cas places a kiss or a gentle bite along the curve of his ass and it’s weird how it all makes Dean feel taken care of, all romantic and shit, a thoroughly foreign feeling. Dean turns his head on his pillow to look past his shoulder at Cas and catches his eyes, glinting in the dark. He reaches a hand back to brush against the stubble at Cas’ chin, and Cas opens his mouth for him immediately. He slides a finger into Cas’ wet mouth, into the softness there, moves it slowly in and out, and it takes him a moment to realize he’s matching the rhythm of Cas’ fingers inside him, the both of them in sync.
The sheriff withdrew his hand and finally, finally, began unbuckling his belt. He spoke as he worked, and Dean struggled to split his attention between the words he was saying and the deft hands undoing clothing, opening buttons.
"Sorry—shit," Dean says, pulling them back into their lane. His heart is racing. He sees up ahead a sign for an exit and beelines for it immediately, foot heavy on the gas. "Need coffee."
He lays in the car for a while longer, feeling the alcohol leaving his system slowly, a headache coming on as the sky darkens around him. The stars are out by the time he convinces himself to stop being a little bitch and drive back to the bunker.
"Pretty sure that's not what holy oil is for either," Dean counters, picking up the bottle from the floor and pocketing it. Cas looks vaguely abashed and Dean grins. He slings an arm around Cas' shoulders to steer him out of the room. "Come on, let's find Sam and kill this ghoul."
Dean looks at him, eyes wide, and Castiel thinks about fractal depths, and of the distances between stars. Then Dean is taking his hand away to undo his own jeans and Castiel stares, the sudden absence disorienting. He watches Dean’s deft fingers pull his own cock out, the tip glistening wet. Suddenly, Castiel needs to get his mouth on something. He pulls Dean back to him and kisses him, bruising.
Garth is happy to rectify that, whether Dean likes it or not. He pulls a plastic mask from nowhere.
It's a bit of a double-edged sword. On the one hand, Cas often understands Dean on a deeper level, gets him better than even Sam does sometimes. On the other, Deans a dick who lashes out at people he cares about instead of dealing with his own shit. Which is exactly what he did.
--” and Dean can’t let that hope in her face grow any more.
Dean checks his phone timer. They’ve wasted an hour already. They have 11  hours left to find something neither of them saw in a whole year, they need to pick up the pace.
It spurs Dean, too. “Bring him back! Now!”
There’s no sound, no clues, no trial he can follow.
He’s never been less happy to be right.
Ouch. But if she’s bluffing, it’s a damn good one. Dean believes her, and Pax seems like a decent demi-dude, so Dean drops the blade and hedges his bets.
“If my father is back,” Michael says, with all of that casual smugness. “He will usher in Paradise.”
Sam thinks it’s a little easy, but, hey, Dean can live with easy.
Dean doesn’t know why he’s here. Except… some small, cursed hope, maybe, because everyone came back in the exact spot they vanished, and Cas--
, but of course it doesn’t work like that when you’re trying to overthrow God. There is no easy fix, no matter how much awkward brainstorming they do.
Except the cereal is like cardboard in his mouth, sharp against his gums and tasteless on his tongue, his jaw throbs and his teeth feel uncomfortable. He only manages two handfuls before he calls it quits.
He doesn’t do this, as a rule, but if this tangle of issues is all his own, might as well start unravelling.
“This is Assistant Director Kaiser.”
“Damn, brother. That’s
Sam handles the phones for twenty minutes before the bunker door slams open and Eileen bolts down the stairs and into his arms and they’re both crying and smiling at the same time, absolutely grinning at each other and Dean just
“Yeah,” Dean slumps into a chair.
“Wait, wait,” he manages to croak out. “Michael lets you talk? He lets you
Dean is crying again, his voice is ragged and aching.
Hello!
“Sorry about you friend.”
She gives him a once over, assessing, then says, “Obviously that’s not happening now, so,” and gestures at the bloody antler holes in her chest like that’s the major problem here. “Oh well.”
Like when he lost his memories, he starts to slot himself back together with the clues,
The thing is, Sam’s little pep talk during the Ghostpocalpse was half true.
Donna calls them in on a vamp nest which turns out to be two rival pairs of vetalas in a turf war. It’s interesting enough that Sam doesn’t even complain about not going back to the bunker in between, and Donna insists they go for milkshakes to celebrate after so, win/win.
Then Old Man McKidnapper has the fucking nerve to say, “You don’t have children do you?” and the world tilts anyway.
and he staggers to his feet.
But Lee knew, when he smiled through the weed haze and pulled Dean in by his belt loops, like Ketch knew in a quiet corner of a bunker crowded with strange people from a different Earth, like Crowley in seedy little bars across the country, and Benny between desaturated trees and--
“Actually,” Eileen says, signs something Dean guesses might be
Shit.
“Lee,” Dean shouts, “Lee!”
He starts leaving the impala’s keys in the war room and locking his bedroom door.
Cas murmurs a greeting without looking up. Dean breathes slowly through his nose, tries again.
“Well,” she says, casually, like she didn’t come here with the sole purpose of bring Kaia home. “If you want. Come back to Sioux Falls? My home?”
It’s infuriating, and on top of everything else Dean is itching to jump in, do
“Yeah,” Sam sighs. Deflates. “Chuck said if one of them dies, everything dies.”
Dean squeezes his eyes shut tight for a count of 10 and when he opens them, it’s gone.
“When I win,” Dean says, because this is a given. “Can I split it, the luck?”
“You remember that cult thing we did in Arizona?”
Dean doesn’t sleep.
“Hi,” she says, gives him a little wave.
Sam stumbles through first, then Dean guides Kaia and then they’re warm and dry and Jody is there to catch the kid as she stumbles.
“Okay, Cas, I need to say something,” he starts.
“Oh ho,” Dean laughs. Four days in and she’s already got Sammy on tequila and real meat products. Give her a few weeks and she might get that stick all the way out of his ass. “I knew I liked you.”
Werewolf genes or not, Dean hasn’t held an actual baby for a long time and these blonde haired little chunks manage to be both heavier than they look and somehow still feel incredibly small and fragile. He’s genuinely terrified that he might drop the kid on the pristine slate kitchen tiles.
“I mean. He’s been in lockdown for quite a while y’know. Maybe you just, uh, went too fast.”
And Sam has been wrong before. Really wrong. The most wrong it's possible to be. He’s been utterly convinced he was on a righteous path more than once only for reality to slap him in the balls. The road paved with good intentions and all that.
The room is too bright through his tears, to intense. But he closes them and it does fade, the room is actually glowing, shining bright as the fucking sun, or the white-out light of raw grace and Dean clamps a hand over his face on pure instinct.
Thankfully, Jody is a fucking pro at this by now.
Cas smiles, gently, and it takes some of the sting away. It says that his apology was heard, and accepted.
“The boss? Lucifer?”
“What that thing did to that family, to those kids,” Lee sighs, stands up again. “It stuck in my head. If evil like that exists in this world then guys like you and me- we ain’t ever gonna win! Best we can do is have a little fun. That last hunt I did, the one right around here. I found something.”
is being generous - it’s fifteen houses and a diner huddled together against the endless frozen wilderness on all sides. But it’s also the last settlement marked on the map between here and the end of the road, and Dean ate the last sandwich three hours ago and he’s famished.
When they finally pull into the Bunker, Eileen jumps out of the car before it’s even in park and the slam of her door seems to spark something in Sam too, thank-- Well. Not
It’s rotted and toothy. Could have been a vamp, could’ve been a wolf, hard to tell. Whatever it
“Ruby was very specific,” Cas replies.
“Wait. So you were in Hell?” Dean says. There’s a pattern emerging here. God really is a capricious dick. “But you didn’t make a deal, you were innocent! You been down there this whole time?”
But something in the gentleness of the atmosphere, the buzz of contentment in his skin, or maybe just his tiny, cowardly heart stops him from saying
Okay. They’ll deal with the rest after they rescue Sammy and Eileen.
Dean misses Cas desperately. All of him. And that purity of Purgatory whispers in his head that all he has to do it suck it up and apologise.
He also gets a bit flirty in the weirdest way, which Dean is gonna take as a compliment even though he isn't interested right now. He’s still got it.
huh.”
he’d said.
But the research room door is still neatly shut, and the walls are still intact, and Michael is just sat on the floor looking kinda pathetic.
endings! This is it, man. This right here,
“I mean, Angel Tablet would’a been better, probably, but make do with what we got. It was dictated by the big guy himself, right? I figure it’s worth a look, at least.”
“Can you tell us what is up that road?”
Michael is gone, nowhere in Hell.
“Dean will you stop,” he snaps. “Just stop being so stupid!”
He drops his bag and his churning anxiety on the floor, just takes a second to get his bearings because
“All I’m saying,” he says, tersely. “is that I wish we knew more.”
Knowing it’s not real hasn’t ever really helped with the tactile hallucinations, but real pain usually drowns out the remembered pain so he turns the heat up as high as he can stand, then a little bit more for good measure, and slowly breathes the steam in through his nose, out through his mouth.
“You should talk to him.”
Dean might have finally fucking cracked, but he ain’t going to whine about it in some diary for his shapeshifting shrink.
“What?”
Subtlety isn’t one of Sammy’s strengths.
“Well,” Lee goes on. “I did one more case after that, right around here. And I decided that wasn’t the life for me anymore. I scrounged up what I could and I bought this joint. Living the dream!”
“That’s a conversation for another time because this, this right here? This is alright!”
“I’m fine,” Cas croaks, not sounding fine at all.
The Kwik Trip is only a few blocks away, easier than finding parking in Lebanon proper, and it has enough basics to get them by for a few days. The store is deserted besides Teddy behind the register and the kid isn’t much for forced small-talk, which Dean appreciates in a cashier.
He takes his knife to his skin sometimes, just to remember he is flesh and bone and blood.
Lee empties his cases, drops the gun on a table. Then he smiles.
“That’s being a hero.”
Four-
Looks like Lee was a whole lot more committed to the idea.
“Chuck has Sam,” it’s that simple. “I’m not leaving him!”
Lee smirks, “He wasn’t wrong.”
Fuck, Dean misses him. It wouldn't be the same. And he can’t stay here and ruin Sam’s nice morning, either.
Also added the 'fix-it' tag because. Well. You know.
Fuck.
“Yeah,” he says. He knows complicated. “I’m sorry about Kaia.”
“Wait?” Lee takes another look. “Is this the girl that doesn’t drink that much, but her friend--”
“Sure, okay. Detraction it is!” He takes his shot. “Remember that cursed fridge magnet we picked up in Ohio?”
“No,” Sam is quick to reassure her. “Nobody put us up to this. We’re just headed that way and wanted to know if there’s anything up there.”
There’s a moment where they just look at each other, and Dean knows they’re both thinking of the conversations they used to have when they were drunk, or stoned, or in the hazy afterglow of frantic, risky sex.
“Sam,” Dean starts, because Sam has clearly lost his mind. This is
Cas smiles sadly at the next picture - Jack slumped in one of the armchairs, intensely playing on his phone and looking every inch the normal teenager - and sighs.
Dean runs for the armoury without stopping to put his shoes on. The cold of the floor seeps through his socks, and he’s moving so fact he practically skids across the library, nearly knocks Jack flying but he doesn’t stop, can’t stop if maybe, just maybe--
Hoping nobody else is up, he brushes down his rumpled clothes once and eases his door open slowly.
“That’s him,” she murmurs, lines up her next shot, but she’s getting twitchy now. “Well, welcome to the club.”
That doesn’t sound like the Hell Dean remembers, which took everything from you, then stitched your flesh back onto your bones and took everything all over again, but it’s been a hot minute. It does jive with Crowley’s business model. And, the way Sam tells it, there’s been a power vacuum at the head of Hell Incorporated for a few years now.
“I’m saving Kaia.”
, th- the Happy Ever After!”
Not a ghost, or a remnant, or a poltergeist. But the- the Spectre keeps showing up.
It’s all he has left.
Lee hesitates only a second, then opens fire.
They stumble back through the portal with seconds to spare, and if Dean pushes Cas through first this time, that’s nobody’s business but his.
Sam leaves him staring blindly at the pages of symbols across the map table, lines running into lines, a mass of unreadable nonsense--
“Sorry,” Dean says, and means it. Lord knows how fucking miserable he was when Cas walked away, but Sam hadn’t pushed then so Dean doesn’t push now. He takes a sip of his drink instead.
“When I was a reaper, I believed in the rules,” she says in lieu of an answer. Cuts a scathing look back at Cas when she adds, “But then you killed me. And when I became Death, I inherited Death’s Knowledge. And Death’s Library. And in Death’s Library, everyone has a book. Even God.”
“Look,” he snaps, so much for keeping cool. “Be pissed at me all you want, pal, but this is important!”
Sam - until Dean smells something he is really not prepared to deal with and hands the baby back.
“This place will bring that out in you,” Cas says, sadly. “Guilt. It was my fault the leviathan got out. It was my fault we were here the first time.”
The old dude is pretty good. Better than Moira. Chattier too, but only because he thinks he’s gonna distract Dean from the game by talking about bull riding. He can try, but Dean is pretty good at talking the talk and walking the walk.
“Could’a been a trick.”
“Which is exactly what we’re gonna do.”
He remembers flicking through those Supernatural books, back when Chuck was just a weirdo with an open word document. They’d only picked up a few, but they’d gone into an awful lot of detail about Dean’s various sexcapades, with Cassie, with Lisa. It’d verged on bodice ripping, frankly.
He’s still buzzing, but for once in his life it’s the positive thoughts rattling around in his head not the negative. It’s a little adolescent, but it feels good to finally be transparently open with Sam instead of just flirting with guys when he’s drunk and then overthinking Sam’s reactions in the cold light of morning.
“Moira,” she introduces herself, sticks a hand out.
“Uh huh, sure.”
She doesn’t deny having the Occultum, which is refreshing, but also doesn’t help them until they pull out the angel blades. Turns out Jo was buddy-buddy with Sam’s demon ex and, holy shit, Donatello was right, they really don’t do anything simple.
In the end, they don’t even need a plan.
“I, uh,” he fumbles, then sets his resolve and straightens his spine. “I don’t think we should take him to the dungeon.”
Eileen’s only been topside for a few months, it can’t have been easy for her. They all know that kind of trauma sticks.
“Oh, man, yeah,” Dean says instead. “I tell you what, he always liked you.”
They all stand there and pant at each other for a minute.
The dread only worsens when Jack goes on, repetition that borders robotic, “If I do exactly what she says, if I follow her plan. Death says I’ll get stronger, and I’ll be able to kill God.”
Someone has left dinner outside the door. Dean steps over the sandwich. Takes the beer.
“Okay,” Eileen nods. “Let me know if you find anything.”
That gets Sam on board. “Yeah, yeah, okay. Go, go. Eileen and I have stuff to do.”
you looked and sounded and
Dean pulls Baby into the garage rather than struggle down the stairs with a prisoner. Cas hauls Michael out, starts heading towards the dungeon.
“I’ve been
“Thank you,” she says, sincerely. “For helping me with the ghost witch.”
There’s no more shots, so he takes it for confirmation. Stands up.
If anyone wants to watch my post 15x18 related breakdown in real time, I am on
Except, turns out there is no greater good, just Chuck playing with his life-size action figures and Dean doesn’t know if he’s ever made an autonomous decision in his entire life.
And he doesn’t outright say it, but they both know that’s not all on Chuck.
Billy takes charge, thankfully, tell his folks exactly what to do then marches them out to the car like he hasn’t just committed himself to die.
“You’re right,” Dean jokes, buoyed by their success. “It is a different corpse.”
“Trust me,” Dean says. “Bigger doesn’t always equal better. Beside who’s gonna look out for the little guy? God certainly isn’t.”
make things right with Cas before the end.
Garth nods. Hesitates. Makes a decision.
He’s at a loss.
“You’re hardcore, brother.”
“Well, Chuck’s gone,” Cas says. “But-”
He manages not to sound too bitter, even, but then Lee goes and says, “Unless they deserve it.”
And, well. Destiny isn’t usually a concept that holds much water in Dean’s book. But he trusts Cas, and he doesn’t want to break the peace.
“Oh-ho yeah,” Chuck groans in lieu of an answer. He clutches his shoulder, the one with the gunshot, and Sam does the same a beat later. Both of their wounds glow bright like grace, and Chuck rolls his arm and his neck out. “Ooh, yeah, that’s the stuff.”
“Good,” Billie nods, like she’s accepting it as one. “Because we need to be ready. Be vigilant.”
Christ knows they could all use some rest before they dive face first back into research. Every single one of them is drained, exhausted. They need to keep from burning out altogether, Dean just isn’t sure how.
. “It uh. It fucked me up pretty good, for a long time.”
“No, why are you doing this? You even said yourself, this is stupid.”
“That’s the fucking problem!” Dean snaps. Throws his arms out just for something to do with the impotent energy buzzing through him. “We’re being sent into these mythical fucking quests blindfolded, man! We need to--”
But it does mean Dean’s gonna have to pretend to be a functioning adult.
, started a whole ass war to get dear old dad’s attention. Dean willing to bet cosmic daddy issues are a universal trait.
“I’m out,” he shouts. “And by my count, so are you.”
“Yeah.”
He clearly hasn’t lost all his social skills - she relaxes a fraction, smiles again.
“But there might be a way,” she concedes. Straightens up importantly. “The cosmic warding. That Amara peeled off the walls and somehow you’ve all been too stupid to repair.”
“I- I dunno,” Cas stammers, casts a panicked look around but nothing has changed except that Dean is pacing the three steps between the alter and the pew. “I guess we wait to see if Jack comes back and--”
He’s come to accept those parts of himself that he’d squashed under the pressure of his dad’s expectations, mostly. But some things press all the wrong buttons and he needs to curl up like a hedgehog, become prickly and unapproachable to protect his soft belly.
“I was dead,” she shrugs. “That’s enough rest, don’t’ya think?”
“Sam,” Michael says, and it could be casual if it wasn’t so bitingly cold. “You look well. Last time I saw you, in the Cage--”
“Billie?”
“No, really, I’m good,” he insists, then heads back down the stairs to the car.
Cas looks up at him then, surprised. Tilts his head and squints at him in that way that used to make Dean think Cas was reading his soul, but Dean meets his eyes because it's absolutely true. The Mark was insidious enough without a personal grudge to amplify, and nobody knows that better than Dean.
Since they’re already in Minnesota and half-committed to this impromptu mini-vacation, it makes sense to head out to Sioux Falls and check in with Jody too.
Cas hacks his way through whatever is resettling into his body, grace and spite.
He keeps expecting to see Cas across the kitchen island, bump into Rowena in the library or find Jack in the Dean Cave marathoning iZombie. The bunker is his home, but without them it’s hollow.
If Dean can take out the frontrunner, they can score big and get out before their luck turns and they’re sucked into the background of this place like everybody else.
. It’s Cas, and Cas isn’t here. Even if he were, he wouldn’t be cheerfully frolicking in the kitchen at breakfast, he’d be scowling into his awful black coffee and grunting at Dean's nonsense.
Lorna comes by with a couple beers, Lee grins at her and says loudly, “Yeah, Deano, you always were awkward around pretty girls.”
Lee wrestles him off, but he’s out of practice, stumbling up and away while Dean rolls and grabs a chair, brings it down on his back. Lee gets up, though, grabs an abandoned bottle and smashes it over Dean’s sore shoulder. Dean flinches back, arms up to protect his face from the glass, and Lee grabs the pool cue from the rack and whacks it at Dean’s still raised arms.
“Dean Winchester, unbelievable. Hey, Lorna,” Lee calls the waitress over, the pretty dark haired one from before. “Lorna! Hey, can we get a couple a beers for me and my boy here.”
play.
Dean’s not going to over-think this one. Not a one of them has a great track record of stellar choices, and Billie has done what they couldn’t - she brought Jack back, and she has a plan to take down Chuck.
Lee sighs, steels himself.
the answer is clear, Dean has to ask, “How you doing, Cas?”
, until we were
“Not a weapon, per se. But it is powerful,” she says, and then stops like that was any use at all.
They say their goodbyes, get their patented Garth Hug and head to the impala. As he unlocks the car, Dean catches sight of Bess and Garth swaying softly together in the kitchen, happy and together and so clearly in love, and thinks he’d like to have that in the Bunker one day, maybe.
She gives him that long, flat look again.
All of these women have suffered horribly in one way or another, but they’ve found each other, forged their own little family. However shitty the last few months (years) have been for Dean and Sam, the world goes on.
The thing tilts it’s head, so so familiar, and something in Dean snaps and his voice is suddenly echoing around the library.
“Fine.”
Dean spots the student parking sticker in the windscreen of the car from the photo, and, yep, there’s Angela in the trunk.
Nobody moves. Chuck looks at them, sighs in that patronising almost-paternal way that puts Dean’s teeth on edge.
“You’re good? What does that mean you’re--”
. He’s handling it just fine, he thinks, considering what
“You did it,” Dean says, “You did it, Cas.”
Cas isn’t coming back.
“Well,” he says instead, offers up his glass in toast. “Here’s to being right.”
Garth walks them out into the crisp morning air, and well. They might be dead by divine murder-suicide before they see him again, they can’t leave the guy still thinking he’s been playing second fiddle.
Dean waves back, and goes straight to the freezer. There’s some cookie dough in here somewhere, he knows--
Cas sighs again, and he really does look like the whole world is on his shoulders. He taps his phone, even though the screen has gone dark. Visibly considers his next words.
Dean smiled and kissed Cas’ chest. “What do you suggest, Daddy?”
Dean laughed and snuggled into Cas's chest as the alpha rolled onto his back.
The omega didn't look at him.
Dean still couldn't speak. Couldn't think properly. Couldn't even move.
"Hell yea!" And then the drug-addled puppy of a man ran back to their bedroom.
Cas and Dean after their meeting with the Wessons.
amount of relief, babe." Dean smiled and placed his hands on Cas' hips. Those hipbones. Damn.
"I got in no problem. Got some food. When I turned to leave, this guy was just standing there watching me. He got this weird look on his face and just smiled at me. He asked me how I managed to get in. I figured at this point I was caught, might as well come clean. I told him I picked the back door open." Dean shook his head bitterly. "Should've left then. But, he told me he was impressed that I could break into a lock that advanced. Offered me a job."
A young man who was supposed to be his patient that he called a pet name.
