Twenty minutes later the buzzer went off, announcing the arrival of pizza, which Benny volunteered to retrieve. Dean, Charlie and Stevie sorted through the range of video games Dean and Sam owned while Jo pulled over the few chairs that normally sat around the table.
“C’mon,” he said quietly and led them to the counter, where a bored looking teenage girl was flicking through a biology textbook. She looked up as they approached, and a wry smile lit up her face.
“This one!” he insisted. Dean leaned forward to see what the picture was as Jack turned it around so Cas could see it clearly.
“Uh, yeah,” he said. “I’ll see you then.”
“Definitely worth the wait,” he said and Cas smiled. “So, when did you figure it out?”
“Don’t question it, Cas,” he complained. Cas’s frown was soon directed his way but he didn’t say anything more. Dean found himself too distracted to continue his reprimand at the sight of the slight furrow that appeared between Cas’s eyebrows. He turned back to the movie and shoveled another mouthful of pork in to keep himself from doing something truly stupid like reaching out to smooth that furrow with his thumb.
“I’m rather tired,” Cas said, his voice louder in the hallway than Dean was expecting after the last few minutes. Belatedly Dean realised that Cas hadn’t slept well, if at all, last night and looked half dead on his feet now.
Despite having seen the movie dozens of times, Dean found himself enthralled by it all over again as Cas and Jack asked questions as the story progressed.
Cas fell silent at that and Dean, his heart aching, leaned in further. He could sense there was more that Cas wanted to say, but he honestly didn’t know how much more he could take. Cas’s voice had become softer than ever before, and Dean felt as if he was about to come flying apart at the seams, his heart racing ridiculously fast for someone who was merely sitting down and holding hands.
Dean grinned up at her. “I know.”
“Dean?” Cas’s confusion had bled over into his voice, but Dean couldn’t turn back, not now. He waved in their direction before he pulled the door open and then he was out in the empty hallway. Cas’s door shut behind him. His own door was just across the hall, but Dean’s legs suddenly felt like lead.
He waited patiently as the queue slowly inched forward, humming under his breath. Ever since last night he’d had Wham stuck in his head and no matter what he’d listened to in-between, his mind kept circling back to it.
“You sure about that?” Dorothy was smirking which Dean knew from past experience couldn’t mean anything good.
By the time he reached the foyer his heart was racing, though he wasn’t entirely sure whether that was from his rush downstairs or the thought of kissing Cas. His trip back up the stairs passed by in a blur, and he found Cas had poured out glasses of water for them all as well as a beer for Dean and himself. Jack was investigating the DVD case but looked up when Dean re-entered the apartment.
“I’d love that, Dean,” he said warmly.
“I’m not vanishing off of the face of the earth,” he said. “I’m going to be coming back in the summer.”
“Yes. I gathered that,” he said, and Dean rolled his eyes. He leaned down and silenced Cas before he could make any more smartass comments.
A hand on his arm caused Dean to stop mid-step. Cas spun him around and Dean almost lost his footing. He managed to catch himself and looked up to find Cas in his personal space, a concerned frown on his face.
“Can I have that?” Cas’s voice broke through Dean’s doze and he jerked awake and blinked around blearily until he saw Cas gesturing to the remote by Dean’s side.
Martin hadn’t been the only one to go, either. Dean had cleared out most of the old staff and had brought in fresh blood in the forms of Donna and Benny. Donna’s cheery personality kept the workers afloat during a crap day, and Benny was so calm that between the two of them, Dean could usually get through the day without screaming in frustration. Unfortunately, there was one staff member that he had been unable to fire.
“Did you check the whole apartment?”
“I can assure you I am out and have been for several years.”
As soon as Dean stepped into the coffee shop he was greeted by Elton John singing about the free admission and Dean smiled to himself. Definitely a classic.
“No but watching you and Jack certainly gave me a few pointers.”
Dean frowned at him, confusion marring his face and Cas sighed and rolled his eyes.
It was another forty minutes before Ash and Benny arrived with Ash’s music selection for the party. Dean cast a quick look over the collection, running over the songs chosen with Jack in his mind. He assumed Cas would bring him, and he’d sent Ash a message to choose songs that were friendly for young ears and found that he’d chosen well.
“Where are we at, then?” she asked and Dean pulled out a carton of eggs and milk from the fridge.
Next year, he’d prove to Cas why the goat had to burn.
“I want the flowers,” he said, waving the bunch that were in his hand up at Dean. Dean could hear Sam laughing behind him, but he refused to look around. A little help would have been appreciated but nope, Sam seemed happy to leave Dean to suffer instead.
“You bake?”
Dean stared at him, unable to think of anything to say in the face of such blunt honesty. Cas continued to stare at him, but his cheeks were slowly darkening.
After a brief round of begging and half-hearted reluctance, Jack dragged them into the bakery. Dean took a deep breath of warm, sugary air before following Jack to the display window.
“What?”
“Don’t mention it, sweetie. Won’t be able to do this much longer.” Dean’s stomach dropped at the reminder and he looked down at the bottle in his hand as Sam laughed.
Now though, disappointment coursed through him and he reluctantly turned away and returned to the garage.
He needed new friends, he decided.
“I was worried you’d have left by now,” Cas said as he sat down.
“Hey, Cas.”
“Alright, so I’m not a cat fan,” he admitted. “It’s not that I think they’re bad, but I am allergic to them.”
Looking at Cas’s serious frown right now Dean could just picture him as a kid, messy hair and all, frowning at his brother’s nickname and reading books meant for people much older than he actually was.
It was almost 6 o’clock and the sky had long gone dark when Dean shut his apartment door behind him. He threw a stir fry together and then crashed on the couch, already reaching for his phone.
Dean stopped at the bedroom next to his and opened it without thinking, dropping Cas’s bag on the floor before turning to face the former angel who was standing in the doorway watching him.
“I’ll see you tomorrow?” Cas asked as they walked to the door. Cas scooped Jack up as Dean unlatched the door and they lingered in the doorway for a moment.
“Well, Cas suits you,” he said impulsively. For a moment he thought he might have crossed a line but then a bright, gummy smile lit up Cas’s face. Dean smiled even as his chest tightened.
“Goodnight, Cas. I’ll see you Friday at six.”
“It’s an automatic door at the front so it’s unlikely he’s left the building.” Cas looked sideways at him as they turned down a quiet street that led away from the shops and smiled at him. “Thank you for this, Dean. I know you’re busy.”
, he thought harshly, and thankfully that seemed to do the trick.
“Right,” he choked out. “No problem.”
“If you would like a book recommendation, I’m sure I have some you might enjoy.”
“Is that what you were doing?” Dean asked with a laugh as he leaned back against the couch. He twisted himself around, resting his side against the couch so he could face Cas more directly. Cas copied his motion and soon they were facing each other, their legs tucked up under themselves as they smiled at one another.
“Thanks, sweetheart,” he said smiling at her when she presented it to him with a bright grin. He stuck the drawing to the noticeboard, much to Gertie’s delight and Bess’s amusement.
He turned around and hurried down the hallway. As soon as he was out of sight of Cas’s door he broke into a sprint which he didn’t slow down from until he’d reached the garage. He managed to slink past Bobby with less caustic comments than he’d expected and he was soon back at work.
“So, what happened with all the boxes?” Dean asked, desperately searching for a change of subject. The warm flash of interest that was heating up his cheeks and stomach might have been pleasant in any other situation but for the problem that one, he barely knew Castiel, and while that might not have generally been a problem for Dean, if they were going to be neighbors it probably wasn’t a good idea to hook up and go separate ways awkwardly in a few days. Secondly, Castiel’s child was still bouncing around in the doorway.
The door handle under Dean’s hand slipped out and the door snapped back into place with a loud click leaving Dean to stare blankly at his door. The hallway was almost deadly silent and Dean could barely bring himself to breathe, just in case even that slight noise broke whatever spell must have fallen over the Bunker in their absence. He forced himself to take a deep breath after a long moment and turn slowly to Cas, who was still standing there.
They didn’t speak again aside from occasional comments from Jack until Obi Wan and Luke entered a bar looking for a pilot. Dean sat up straighter and could feel a smile already tugging at his lips.
“Sure, Dean,” he said, getting to his feet. “I’m gonna head out for a run.”
“We can lend them to you,” Sam said as he turned back to the group. Dean however, shook his head vehemently.
So instead of putting his phone away he instead brought up the beewatcher’s twitter page. CBee (and what a stupid name was that?) hadn’t made another comment concerning the Gavle Goat but that didn’t deter Dean.
“Cake time,” he announced and Charlie settled in to watch as Dean began pulling out the various ingredients.
“And there’s Mariah,” he said softly, glancing back at Dean who felt as if the ground had fallen away from him. His fingers twitched towards his phone and he pulled it close before suddenly leaping to his feet.
He was fucked.
Without another word Dean hurried into his bedroom where he quickly changed into his nicer jeans and a clean henley. He really didn’t need Sam’s smartass comments and anyway, it wasn’t like this was a date or anything, so Dean didn’t bother with his hair. Instead, he scooped up his phone and wallet and hurried out in the living room where Sam was chatting casually with Cas while Jack bounced around their legs.
And then Cas was squeezing his hand once more and tugging very gently. Dean looked up and found Cas looking at him with his eyebrow raised slightly.
And then there was the matter of Kelly, who Cas had rarely mentioned around Dean but who Jack gushed about. Whether or not Cas was happy in his marriage, Dean wouldn’t be a homewrecker. He nodded decisively to himself as they approached the foyer. And if his stomach churned at the thought of avoiding Cas then he paid it no mind.
“No problem, Cas.” Sam waved before he vanished into his room.
By the time Dean had left his apartment for work on Monday morning it had been a full ten hours since he’d followed beewatcher back. He wasn’t sure what they were really doing but after listening to the last song beewatcher had sent him, he’d been unable to stop smiling for a full minute. The smiley face beewatcher had sent him left Dean feeling giddy for a moment before he’d laughed at himself. A bloody emoji and he was smiling and blushing like a twelve-year-old. This was getting out of hand.
What had started out as a quiet night watching Star Wars had evolved into a louder and drunker night than Dean had expected.
Dean slept badly that night.
22 Dec
“You need to hit it harder,” Dean explained, and Cas frowned at him. “Like this.” He hit it back to Cas and watched as the other man followed his example. “See,” he smiled. “Just like that.”
He went easy on Cas with his first shot, letting him warm up to how the game worked. Cas hit it back to Dean rather slowly and the puck drifted to Dean without enough force behind it.
“Be easier without all this racket.” Alex was already reaching into the drawer to pull out several cards. “The usual?”
2 Dec
“Jack. Are you out here?” He bent down low and checked under a bench that ran the length of one wall in the lobby. Dean looked over the room but didn’t see any sign of a cat.
“No problem,” he said. “You know that.” She smiled at him gratefully and Dean gave her a mock salute before he turned to face the garage.
“Hey!” Sam folded the paper over so his scribble was hidden. “Don’t you dare send that to Charlie.”
“Well, yeah,” Sam said, looking around to Dean just in time to see him groan and shake his head at his brother. “What—”
. Dean had been too busy to check his phone as he’d rushed to get ready for work, cursing how cold the morning was and dreading just how chilly the garage was going to be. As such, it wasn’t until his lunch break that afternoon that he actually saw it.
Castiel smiled at Dean’s slight verbal stumble but Jack appeared completely unaware as he followed them to the hallway once more. That smile fell from Castiel’s face much to Dean’s disappointment as they looked out at all the remaining boxes.
“Yes, Dean.” Dean could hear the smile in Cas’s voice and he felt his cheeks darken slightly.
“You too, Cas.” Dean opened the apartment door and helped Cas into his own where, for a moment, Cas lingered. He eyed Dean before Dean hastily waved goodnight, which instantly made him feel foolish, and hurried back to his now empty apartment. With a resigned sigh he set about clearing up the remains of dinner, while his mind remained firmly in the doorway of apartment 15.
“You seemed to be interested but I thought you might need some encouragement,” he said with a rather cheeky smile. Dean could only shake his head, smiling helplessly at the man before him.
Anna greeted Dean cheerfully when he reached the counter. She wasn’t wearing a Santa hat but instead had earrings that lit up dangling from her ears.
They pulled apart for a brief moment and stared at each other, both breathing heavily before they leaned in again. Desperation left Dean’s blood boiling, and his tongue snuck out to trace the shape of Cas’s bottom lip. Cas gasped, and Dean didn’t hesitate in sliding in his tongue. He pulled himself closer and Cas fell back against the armrest. Dean stared down at Cas in shock. His heart was racing as he met Cas’s eyes. They were darker than Dean had ever seen them and his stomach twisted with heat.
“C’mon, Dean,” Jack demanded, and Dean looked down to see Jack wiggling the fingers on his free hand in Dean’s direction. Dean hesitated for a moment before he took hold gently.
‘Hey Ellen, something virgin for Alex here,” Dean called to the bar. Alex rolled her eyes, but accepted the brightly colored drink Ellen passed to her before moving off to a nearby table where Maggie and Kevin sat.
‘We’ll get a new one,’ he murmured and Dean startled, his head swinging round to stare at Cas before looking back at the television.
“Hey, Jack.” Dean awkwardly patted Jack on the head before the kid pulled away. He looked up and saw Cas smiling at him from the doorway while Sam raised an eyebrow at him.
“Yeah, she is,’ he said to his shoes before he looked up, his gaze fierce as it narrowed in on Dean. “As is Cas.”
“What time are we heading over?”
“Can’t,” she said after a long moment. “Charlie and Stevie finally decided to begin those renovations they’ve been talking about for a year.”
“That’s alright,” he said. “I should be alright —”
A group of women sitting nearby cast him a dark look which Dean returned as he hastily made his way to the counter.
They finally reached their floor and were just approaching Cas’s apartment when Dean’s door suddenly opened, and the brunette Dean had seen that morning stepped out. Dean’s eyebrow rose as Sam appeared in the doorway and visibly bit back a groan when he saw Dean.
“Let him have his fun,” was all Sam said before he looked back down at his phone. He bit his lip as he read whatever was on his screen before he quickly typed something out. Dean looked down at his watch and decided he’d give Jack another half hour before heading back to the apartment so Sam would have the afternoon to study.
The lights were off in Dean’s apartment and he cursed as he fumbled for the switch. He’d forgotten that he’d kicked off his work shoes and left them by the door when he’d come home and he tripped over them now in the dark. A moment later light blinded him as he finally found the switch and turned to shut the door behind them. Cas was right behind him and Dean blinked and stumbled backwards when he realised how close they had been. It took him a moment to remember he didn’t need to back away anymore, but by that point he’d already moved and Cas had shut the door and moved towards the couch.
“Everything alright?” he asked and Cassie looked up. Instead of his customary smile he sighed and dried his hand on a nearby towel.
It was a relief to finally reach the fourth floor and he wandered down the hall almost blindly as he struggled to pull his keys out of his pocket. He turned the final corner and swore as his foot caught on something hard and he fell forward. He managed to catch himself against the wall and leaned there, catching his breath for a moment.
Cas let go of the ascot and wrapped a hand around the back of Dean’s neck while his other hand gripped his shoulder. He wasn’t sure how long they stood there, lips moving against one another’s until Cas dared to part his lips and press harder against Dean. Heat was building in his stomach and it only deepened when Dean’s lips parted.
The fruit from the Tree of Life lay where he had dropped them, scattered along the floor of the new set up in the bunker. Dean and Sam had both headed for the kitchen after they’d returned but Cas had come back to this room to collect the bag. He’d forgotten all about it in the excitement of the day, along with all the worries about what was to come.
16 Dec
“Hello Dean.”
Jack’s joy at the thought was at complete odds with Dean’s sudden shock. He pulled back slightly and looked at Cas hoping the other man would deny his son’s claim. To Dean’s disappointment there was a fond look on Cas’s face as he slowly took the photo from Jack’s hands. He held it carefully in his long fingers and looked down at it before he turned back to Jack.
“Yeah, well Alex thinks that Taylor Swift is equal to Zepp.’
Dean reached out and snagged the plate off of the coffee table before moving to stand. He remembered belatedly that Jack was using him as a pillow, but thankfully the kid seemed to be a heavy sleeper. Cas reached out and gently lifted the boy into his lap so Dean could get to his feet. He didn’t look at Cas again, but instead dumped the plates on the kitchen bench and shut off the television. He grabbed the remaining apple pie and took it into the kitchen where he cut off a generous piece and packed it away into a Tupperware container.
“You’re not dumb, Dean. You’re kind and funny and a hard worker. I know we don’t know each other that well but… I enjoy your company. Seeing you is one of the best parts of my day.”
The pizza arrived in a timely manner and soon enough Dean found himself laughing at Jack’s antics as he insisted on dividing up the pizzas himself. A minor mishap involving melted cheese later they were settled down once more and Dean finally decided to breach the silence.
“Freak,” Dean called out to his retreating back. After sparing a moment to put a record on Dean set about cleaning up the dishes from their breakfast. He took his time, allowing himself the time to continue his moping without anyone around to judge him. It was only once the counter practically sparkled that Dean shook himself out of his funk and turned his attention to the cake.
They both headed towards the staircase, bypassing the still broken elevator completely. They descended in silence as Dean desperately tried to think of something to say, but his thoughts were scattered as Cas’s elbow kept brushing his. He finally figured that, as lame as discussing work was, it would be better than this silence when Cas spoke first.
He found that his list of things he was trying not to think about was growing by the day.
“What do you read?” Castiel asked. Dean looked over and could practically see the enthusiasm radiating off him. Yeah, Dean could see how he would be a great librarian.
“Are you alright, Dean?” Cas asked, his voice low so it wouldn’t carry. Dean shrugged and then sighed, realizing that ignoring Cas wasn’t going to work. Especially not after he’d invited him over for a movie night.
“He’s normally in bed by now,” Cas explained. Dean looked down at Jack as he curled closer and felt his heart clench. Sitting there with Jack asleep against his arm and Cas looking at him softly in the dark was too close for comfort. In another life this was what Dean had dreamed of for his future, but after returning home he had given most of that up to focus on the business. But now, with Cas so close to him in the dark and an adorable child napping between them, Dean felt as if his old dream had returned to him, if only for a night.
“I think that’s our sign,” he said quietly and Dean nodded. Cas pulled his hand free of Dean’s and, before Dean could complain, wrapped his arm around Dean’s waist instead. Dean curled in closer, his cheek resting against Cas’s shoulder and soon he found his eyelids slipping shut.
The puck flew back and forth between them for a bit before Cas suddenly hit the puck sharply and it spun past Dean’s hand and into the goal. He looked up in surprise and saw the smug smirk that flashed across Cas’s face and understanding hit him.
“I apologize about being late,” he said as soon as he was within earshot. “Jack took a late nap.”
“The blanket. Last night, I woke up and you were pulling a blanket over me,” Dean said slowly and Cas stiffened. “Didn’t you?” he asked, turning to look at Cas who was now studiously looking at his bare feet.
“He must have terrible taste, then,” Dean joked but Cas made a disapproving noise in the back of his throat.
Castiel put Jack back down on his feet and the young boy led the way to the brown couch. It sagged in the middle slightly but was large enough for the three of them to sit on comfortably. Jack filled the space with his easy chatter but as cute as Dean found the young boy, it was his father’s expression that caught Dean’s attention. When Dean thought of fathers it was of his own distant dad and his uncle Bobby, who, while affectionate, was rather gruff. Castiel’s open look of adoration was foreign to Dean and left his chest aching in a way he didn’t really want to examine.
Dean’s bag dropped to the floor in his shock and he tripped over it when he took a step forward. He just managed to catch himself with the help of the wall and when he looked up it was to see Cas had moved forward, his hands stretched out as though to catch Dean.
“Still, if there is anything I can do for you,” he offered. Dean opened his mouth, ready to tell Cas that that wasn’t necessary when Sam suddenly cut in.
“What? Nothing happened last night, Cas,” he said, aware that his voice was far rougher than necessary but he felt like he was being strangled by panic. Cas stared at him for a moment longer and Dean felt his stomach twist when Cas finally looked away, his face suddenly becoming unreadable.
Dean hesitated for a moment and then lifted his coffee awkwardly to thank her. He could see her grinning but for the moment embarrassment had yet to reach him. It looked like he’d have to get coffee again on Wednesday. He had time to practise being a mature adult then by preparing a better apology.
“Yeah, I’m a mechanic over at Singer’s Garage,” he explained. For some reason this made Cas frown and Dean suddenly felt wrong-footed. Surely Cas wouldn’t be a snob and look down on Dean for his job. An awkward silence fell and just as Cas was opening his mouth to say something Dean cut in. “I’ll see you later.”
Dean cast a quick look over at Castiel, but the other man was frowning in concentration as he listened to whatever the person at the pizza place was saying. He knelt down so that his face was level with Jack’s. The boy was still staring at him.
They fell into silence again, and Dean sipped at his tea while wracking his brain for something to say next.
They lost track of time as they kissed, but eventually Dean pulled back enough to be aware of how his shirt had been rucked up and Cas’s button-up had become undone, revealing the tanned planes of his chest.
Cas eagerly pulled him down, and Dean’s leg almost slipped off the couch as he moved. In hindsight, the couch barely held two fully grown men, but Dean was loathe to move even the few feet to his bedroom. Instead, he held onto Cas as the other man spread his legs and Dean settled in more securely.
“You are so lucky Charlie wasn’t here to hear you say that.”
“Okay, so I shouldn’t have messaged them but it was just a joke.” Dean winced at the weak excuse and looked up to see Charlie shaking her head.
“You’re in for it now,” Benny said as Cas gazed around at them all in clear confusion.
Well, he thought, at least he made it across the hall. The box in his arms wasn’t overly heavy and looking down he could make out the name Jack scrawled in large childish letters. He was just starting to straighten up when a deep, gravelly voice reached his ears and he looked up and caught sight of his new neighbor.
“Have a good Christmas, young man,” the elderly woman said to him with a smile. Her husband nodded his curly gray head at Dean as he went passed.
“So that’s why you refuse to play Pictionary,” he laughed, ignoring Sam’s glare. He whipped out his phone and took a photo before Sam could snatch the page back.
“How old is he?” Dean asked, suddenly unable to breathe properly and desperate for a change in conversation. Cas was silent for a moment and Dean could feel his gaze on him but, thankfully, Cas allowed the change.
“I should get going,” he said, and Cas nodded.
“Oh,” he said, soft and surprised as Dean held out the slice of pie.
“Why?” Jack asked and Dean looked over to see them both looking at him with almost identical confused frowns on their faces. He quickly swallowed down the feeling that threatened to rise out of his chest and spill out of his mouth.
“That sucks, he’s not bad for a cat,” Dean said, bending down slightly to give Jack a light pat.
"You called me Cas.” His voice was blunt, and Dean winced, unable to tell if this was a problem or not.
A woman with brown hair and a messenger bag slung over her back pushed open the door and held it for them as they left the building. Dean didn’t recall seeing her around before and glanced back at her in time to see her groan at the sight of the elevator.
“I was so worried about moving here,” Cas admitted quietly while staring intently at Dean. “We’d set up a life in Chicago and had planned everything out according to that. But then I got the job offer here, and Kelly told me to accept it. I thought we were making a mistake. But meeting you here… meeting you has changed everything, Dean.”
“You go on,” he said, gesturing to the door. “I’ll call Ash and get it sorted.”
“Oh, hey,” Sam greeted before Dean could distract him and the next thing Dean knew Cas was standing in his doorway with his hair just as messy as it had been the other night.
Everyone else was starting to settle down around the living room with their pizzas and beer and Dean snagged the box with the bacon supreme in it and turned around to find Cas right behind him with two beers in hand. Silently he held one out for Dean to take.
With that thought in mind, Dean’s mood plummeted even further, even as he waited for the notification to load.
“As long as it’s not as heavy as Tolstoy,” Dean joked. “I don’t think I have it in me to go through that again, Cas.”
It was probably better if he stayed away from Cas, he thought miserably. His chest ached and he turned around as the coffee finished and poured himself a mug. He definitely needed to stay away. For his own sake.
“So what kind of job brings all the way out here?”
Dean paused, his mouth full as he turned to see Charlie with her phone out. He could already see the twitter app open. She looked up at him and he forced to swallow and shrug in a manner he hoped came across as casual.
“You’d think he’d get sick of that,” he muttered, and Sam looked up from his phone where he had been busy reading something. Probably for school, Dean thought with a pinch of guilt. Sam normally spent his weekends buried in textbooks, completing homework, and preparing for the week ahead. Then again, it hadn’t exactly been Dean’s idea to babysit Jack.
He smiled as he sent it and hoped that maybe he’d receive a quick reply. He was startled when his hone buzzed only seconds after he put his phone down.
“Kelly and Jack are all I’ve had for a long time. Even before I parted ways with my family, we were always distant with one another. When I say my brother was the only one to stand by me, I do not mean that he and I were particularly close. Certainly, we were never anything like you and Sam. Kelly and Jack are my family and I love them, but you gave me something I never thought I could have. I always thought, when I agreed to raise Jack with Kelly, that any chance I had of having my own family was gone. I don’t regret the choice I made. I did get a family of my own, even if our situation isn’t traditional, but I still didn’t think that I could ever find anyone who could accept it. And then I met you. You not only accepted the situation with Jack, but seemed to enjoy the time you spent with him and while you hadn’t met Kelly, I was sure you would get along well with her.”
“Oh, hi Jack,” he said. Disappointment crashed over him and he knew the smile he aimed at the boy probably looked as fake as it felt.
“Wait!”
At five thirty Dean was doing a final sweep of the service area when Bess suddenly called out to him, and he rushed into the foyer to find the ancient computer that he had been meaning to replace had finally given up.
Cas smiled at that and Dean thought, stupidly, that whatever punishment Bobby inflicted on him later would be worth it.
“Thanks, Cas.” He eagerly reached for the coffee and breathed it in. Bobby wasn’t wrong. The garage coffee had nothing on Cas’s.
“You study?” Dean asked slowly and Cas looked up from his lunch. Dean couldn’t place the expression he was wearing but there was something careful in the way he looked at Dean and Dean’s heart thudded.
“Thanks for the heads up,” he said. “You guys good?” he asked, nodding towards Gertie who had returned to her game.
Cas was silent for a moment as he thought it over, and Dean tried very hard not to react. He knew it was probably the wiser move for Cas to go home, but he couldn’t help but feel cold at the thought of sleeping in an empty bed tonight. Not now that he knew the feeling and warmth of Cas pressed against him. It was something he thought he could become addicted to very quickly.
“Dean?”
Dean himself was comfortably riding the edge between tipsy and drunk, having been challenged to doubling his last few shots. As such, when he felt his phone buzz he pulled it out and, after a couple of failed attempts, unlocked it.
“Yeah, it generally goes the other way,” she said when she saw Cas’s confused expression. Dean stiffened, though no one seemed to notice. Well, almost no one. Out of the corner of his eye he could see Sam looking in his direction, but Dean refused to meet his eye.
“Not that early on,” he said. “About four days ago, if I’m being honest. So, you’re definitely the smarter one here.”
“Yeah?” Dean wanted to swallow the word back as soon as it slipped out. He couldn’t bring himself to look at Cas in the wake of such a needy question.
“He does. We decided not to lie to Jack but he doesn’t know the full story yet,” Cas explained. “He’s never asked about his father, but he knows that Kelly and I are not married the way that the parents of his friends may be. It’s never bothered him.”
“Hey, Jack, c’mon leave those,” Dean said, trying to gently pull the boy away even as he checked the ground for thorns and bees that would sting the kid.
“Oh.” Dean didn’t know what to say and so he shuffled off to the side to wait for his coffee. A few minutes later the queue had dispersed and his coffee was ready. Just as he was turning to go the red head called out to him, winking as she said, “see you on Wednesday.”
“A bit tardy, boss,” he said and Dean bit back his first response. He forced himself to smile.
“Is something wrong?” the barista asked, in that rough voice and Dean shook his head, his cheeks burning. He glanced back at the barista whose head was tilted in confusion as he stared at Dean.
Once that was done, he’d led the way back to the couch, begging Dean to play with him. It was only then that Dean realized that they had literally no board games in the apartment. It wasn’t until Sam came back that he suggested drawing instead, which seemed to appease Jack, whose teary eyes had been causing Dean to panic. Just what he wanted, to make the kid cry and have to explain to Cas how he’d fucked up. Two hours of drawing later and the living area covered in pages full of colorful scribbles. Jack had convinced Sam and Dean to join him which, after having seen Sam’s attempt at drawing a tree, left Dean cackling.
“No idea,” Dean said. He held the coffee cup against his leg and stared at the door where Cas had disappeared. “He was fine last night.”
“You miss it?” Dean finally asked and Cas shook his head.
“Thank you,” Jack parroted, and Sam laughed.
Sam shut his eyes and took a deep breath before looking in Dean’s direction. The woman followed his gaze and glanced between Sam and Dean.
“Right,” he agreed, and Cas smiled at Sam and Dean while he thanked them before bending down so he was on the same level as Jack.
Dean chuckled. “I’ve been receiving an education in it.” Cas frowned but Dean just shook his head. “I did enjoy Elton earlier.”
When beewatcher had mentioned their cat Dean’s mind had begun spinning and he couldn’t help but wonder where in Kansas they lived. Surely it was a coincidence? There were probably many people who took in their friends pets but to hear the same story twice in one week was weird.
Dean looked over at Cas who was still smiling at him. Jack was still asleep, his head resting against Cas’s shoulder.
“That,” Dean said slowly, as if he were about to announce some groundbreaking news and, in Dean’s opinion, that’s what was happening. “That is Han Solo.”
“But how does a robot move on sand?” he asked, frowning intently at the screen where C3PO and R2D2 were stranded in a desert. Dean made a dissenting noise in his throat as he quickly swallowed a piece of sweet and sour pork.
“It’s not like that,” he finally said and Jody scoffed.
He was busy mixing the pancake batter when he heard the jangle of keys and the apartment door suddenly opened.
It was only after the crowd dispersed that Dean realised he’d forgotten to ask for his coffee to go. He sank back in his seat as he realised he was going to have to chug his coffee, probably burning himself in the process before fleeing.
Dean went to say something to calm him but when he opened his mouth he found no words. They merely stood there staring at one another until Cas shifted awkwardly.
“Shouldn’t we watch those first?”
“I’m really sorry, Cassie,” the other man was saying and the barista — Cassie apparently — quickly put down the tin. The Italian waitress shooed him away and took over the coffees as he rinsed his hand.
It was a struggle to push himself out of his bed, and it was only the promise of caffeine that lured Dean out of his room. It was early enough that Sam was still asleep and so Dean allowed himself a moment to relax while he waited for his coffee before turning his mind to everything that he had to do before the party that afternoon. He still had to bake the cake and set up the decorations that Charlie was bringing but other than that there wasn’t too much to do.
Dean seemed to sway forward, his arm pressing into where Cas’s was wrapped around the bag of fruit and the space between them seemed to shrink further as Cas glanced at Dean’s mouth. The weight of it all was becoming too much, the air heavy with anticipation, the weight of Dean’s eyes on Cas’s lips and the weight of the bag in Cas’s arms, an intrusive reminder of what they should be focusing on, what they needed to be talking about.
Sam was tidying up textbooks at the table, but he looked up at Dean as he moved towards the kitchen.
It was quickly decided that they were done with the park and Jack was eager to see the rest of the town. Dean led them out of the park and, after ensuring that Jack was holding onto their hands once more, they set off for the center of town. Dean showed them the main shopping strip, complete with a bookstore for Cas and the Roadhouse. He could see Jo in the window, but he ducked his head and hoped that for once luck would be on his side. The last thing he needed was this getting back to Charlie. He steered them across the road and pointed out the way to his garage before they stumbled across an old building that looked as if it had seen better days.
“I just meant, I baked dessert but I can’t exactly get it while acting as a pillow.”
“Hey Cas,” he said as the door swung open, his heart racing in his chest and a wide smile stretching across his face. Cas’s hair was windswept like normal and Dean’s fingers itched to run through it. Thankfully, he was distracted from such thoughts when, instead of Cas, a voice from around the vicinity of Dean’s knee greeted him.
“And here comes the best character,” he said, and Jack looked up at him before he looked eagerly at the screen. Dean flashed a smile at Cas who seemed amused by them both.
Across the now crowded hallway the door to apartment 15 stood open for the first time in Dean’s memory. He had lived here for three years and had never seen anyone in there. But now he could make out a deep voice from within and he fought back a groan.
“Hey,” Sam said as he came in.
“Have a good day, Dean,” Cas said earnestly before they parted ways. Dean stood there dumbly for a few seconds, staring after Cas until that familiar tan trench coat had vanished from sight. He then turned towards the car park where Baby waited for him. It took him a moment to realize the ache in his cheeks was from a broad smile, and he happily turned the radio up as he peeled out of the driveway.
Cas nodded and Dean found himself nodding along. He hadn’t been expecting himself to say all that and now his mouth felt far too dry.
He didn’t know if he was looking forward to Friday or dreading it. A whole night with Cas, curled up on the couch and discussing one of Dean’s favorite movies. He didn’t know if he’d have the self-control but the thought of Cas’s disappointed face stopped Dean cold before he could consider cancelling. And if he were being honest he didn’t want to cancel. Even if he couldn’t have Cas the way he wanted he could at least have this.
‘What?’
“It’s alright,” Dean rushed to reassure him. “I should be fine just looking for him.”
And yes, the business was pretty steady now, and he no longer felt like he was drowning in debt every single day, but it was the same routine of get up, go to the garage, work on the cars and deal with people’s bullshit for hours and then come home to go over the daily reports and plan for the next day. Rinse and repeat. He could feel it slowly killing him and this year was even worse.
“Good night, sweetheart.”
“You want something to drink?” Dean asked, wincing at how awkward he sounded. Cas hummed quietly before he nodded slowly.
in existence.”
“It’s just me, Dean,” he said softly, as though he was unwilling to speak too loudly in the otherwise quiet room. The television was now off and the room was dark Dean realised and before he could ask Cas was already answering his questions.
After that Dean found himself watching the sun slowly inch across the room. He eventually reached for his phone to check the time and had to blink blearily at the screen when he saw that he’d been mentioned in a twitter post. He couldn’t think of anyone who would be talking to him on twitter as he had less than 50 followers.
“Daddy!” he cried and leapt off the couch. Dean only just managed to catch the paper bag before crumbs could be flung everywhere as Jack rushed across the apartment and threw himself at Cas’s legs. Cas bent down and hugged him back fiercely before he pulled back.
“Cas — our barista. He’s got Monday’s off.”
“Seriously?” Dean groaned. Bess grimaced as she passed him a set of keys.
“Hi Jack,” he repeated, which seemed to delight the boy, who turned around and led the way into the apartment.
Jack was staring at the screen, completely enraptured, when Dean glanced over, but Cas’s gaze was fixed on him. There was something a little too warm and understanding about his gaze and Dean had to look away quickly.
“We got the drinks all ready,” he informed Dean. Even though Dean hadn’t felt like smiling, Jack cheered him up far too easily.
“Is he a celebrity, then?” Cas asked, and Dean shook his head and turned to look at Charlie in silent horror.
“It’ll give you something to do instead of staring at the clock,” Sam said as he left the kitchen.
“I thought you and Kelly were married,” Dean said through gritted teeth. He stared down at his tea, unwilling to see the look of confusion on Cas’s face for a second longer.
“You’re not wrong, especially with the music.” The barista’s eyes lit up.
‘Uh, thanks,’ Dean said, his voice rough and to Cas’s amusement, Dean’s ears were burning red. He toed the television and let out a disgruntled sigh and, suddenly feeling bold, Cas moved closer until they were standing side by side.
He quickly changed into his coveralls and went back out into the office, making for the garage itself.
The lunch rush had passed by the time they got to the Roadhouse and Jo hailed them from the bar. Ellen raised an eyebrow when she saw the bags of party decorations that they were carrying, and it was with a weary sigh that she waved them towards the corner that she’d set aside from them.
“Jack is resilient and not prone to being scared. Do you think it’ll be too much?”
“Do I wanna know?” Dean asked quietly as they began to check that the car was lined up with the lift. Benny shook his head.
“Right,” Sam said slowly. “I did. And I’m sure you not mentioning it had nothing to do with how our new neighbor is a hot guy who’s totally your type.”
10 Dec
“Well, we’re not that close,” Sam admitted. “I mean, I chat with him in the hall and I wouldn’t say no to hanging out with him more.”
“Trade you for some pizza?” he asked. Dean knew he should just give him the pizza and go and steal some of Jo or Benny’s, but Cas was smiling at him and the corners of his eyes were slightly crinkled. He nodded and took the beer Cas was holding out, and led him over to the living room. Of course, by that point all the chairs had been taken, leaving Dean and Cas to sit on the floor, the pizza box between them.
“I meant to have this all done by now.” Castiel stared mournfully around them. Dean picked up another box and gestured for Castiel to lead the way. He stared at Dean for a moment, his head cocked to the side as though Dean confused him. Dean forced himself to focus on crossing the hall to the open door and not on how cute Castiel looked.
“Six it is.”
“Ah, Chicago,” he said, quickly swallowing a bite of pizza in order to answer. Dean took the opportunity to snag another slice for himself and settle back.
“Sure,” he mumbled and threw the remote over to him. His aim was off and Cas only just caught it by his fingertips as it was and he sent Dean a rather lazy attempt at a glare. “You better not be putting on bees or something,” he warned, his eyes already slipping shut again and he listened to the sound of Cas flipping through channels. He almost roused himself enough to glare at Cas when he heard that British animal show presenter’s voice, speaking quietly about some kind of field mouse. He heard Cas’s bed squeak and he lifted his head slightly to see Cas rearranging himself on the bed, the remote abandoned by his side as his tired eyes fixed themselves on the screen. He was stretched out on top of the covers, a soft old tee Dean had lent him when he’d first fallen and a pair of plaid pyjama pants that slipped down his hips as he wriggled into a better position. His exhaustion must have been stronger than he’d believed it to be as Dean could feel his eyes slipping shut. The last thing he was truly conscious of seeing was the thin strip of tanned skin that was now visible above Cas’s pants.
“That’s all good.” His smile softened and felt more natural as he watched Cas’s shoulders slump in clear relief.
“Some stuck-up prick who can’t allow anyone to find joy in a Christmas tradition,’ he said shortly. Dorothy leaned over to look at Charlie’s phone and suddenly laughed.
“I’m heading to bed. Night, guys.”
The box now in Castiel’s arms made more sense and Dean smiled, shifting the box slightly to ease the weight off his forearms.
He asked it innocently but Dean caught his tapping his finger against the bench in what appeared to be a nervous tic.
“Ah, sorry, it just slipped out—”
“What the fuck?” Dean twisted around and saw that he had tripped over a cardboard box. A quick glance around the hallway revealed dozens more like it stacked against the walls and scattered on the floor. In his exhausted state it resembled a minefield more than his hallway and he couldn’t figure out how he was going to cross it to his door.
“I bring food and people,” Benny announced upon returning and Dean looked up to see Sam and his college friend, Maggie, following him. Dean was about to greet them when he caught sight of Cas coming in behind them. He froze, the game case for Smash Brothers slipping from his grip only to be caught by Charlie who looked up at him before looking over to the doorway where Dean’s gaze was fixed.
Kaia laughed as Dean was left speechless, before he grumbled and turned away to get another drink.
“Nah,” Dean waved Cas’s concern away with the spatula he’d forgotten was in his hand. “I don’t have anything on today. I don’t mind,” he repeated as Cas bit his lip. The man finally nodded, relief causing his shoulders to slump.
“What made you move up here?” Dean asked. He had lived the majority of his life in Sioux Falls and while he was certainly fond of the city, he didn’t understand the draw people felt for it.
“What about your family?” Dean asked, unable to stop himself from prodding. Cas stiffened beside him, and to Dean it felt as if a wall had just gone up between them.
“I thought we were going to Charlie’s?” he asked quickly. Jo raised her eyebrow again.
“Explains that then,” he muttered.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas said softly, and Dean shrugged.
“I’m sure they meant well,” Cas said diplomatically. His shoulders relaxed, though, and he smiled at Dean. Before Dean could respond Sam called out.
The apartment was larger than Dean’s own though the layout was similar. They immediately stepped into the living room which had a small area for a dining table off it. A kitchen was tucked away on the right and there were four doors leading off to what Dean assumed were the bathroom, bedrooms, and closet. Despite the pile of boxes that lay behind them in the hallway the apartment already had furniture settled within it. There was a lumpy brown couch in the middle of the living room with a small and slightly scratched coffee table. A round dining table with four chairs stacked next to it was shoved hastily against a wall, and a large box that clearly held a television inside was placed safely out of the way in the living room. There was already a pile of boxes next to the kitchen counter and even more in the living room at the base of several heavy looking bookcases.
, he thought.
“Whoops,” she said. Dean looked around to find the whole room biting back smiles as they stared at him. A sudden heat in his cheeks caused him to duck his head even as Sam started drawing attention to the time.
“Get going, Dean,” Bobby growled at him. Dean spun around to see his boss standing by the coffee pot.
“I can’t thank you both enough,” Cas said, breaking Dean out of his thoughts. He shook his head, determined to focus on the present, the present where Cas was smiling and looking at Dean softly and was one hundred percent unavailable.
The door swung shut and Dean turned back around to see Cas giving him an odd look. Before Dean could ask what was wrong, Jack piped up, asking if they could go to the park first.
For a moment, Dean’s hands were empty, and then he was sliding them into Cas’s hair, finally tugging on the wild dark locks as Cas groaned against his lips.
Cas paused before a smile slowly unfurled on his face and Dean felt relief flood his chest.
“Jack’s in charge, remember?” Cas reminded him softly. He lowered Dean’s hand from his ear. “Besides, it suits you.”
‘Right,’ he said and shuffled his feet, his body swaying away from Cas for a moment before he settled back next to Cas, closer than before so their arms now brushed. Cas cursed himself for holding the bag in his right arm as it restricted his ability to reach out to Dean now. He could move the bag but he figured too much movement may startle Dean into moving away. It always felt that way.
“Another thing my dad and I disagreed about,” he admitted, looking down. To his surprise, Cas reached out and took Dean’s free hand in his own. Dean stared down at their hands as Cas’s long fingers wrapped around his own.
“So what exactly are we looking for?” Dean asked and Cas sighed.
“Great,” he muttered as he began picking at his fries.
‘You better,” Ellen warned before moving back to the bar. There was a sense of awkwardness in the air which Charlie quickly broke by teasing Sam about Eileen. Dean felt a rush of gratitude toward her as he tried to collect himself. Today was about Sam, he reminded himself.
“I didn’t know you served as well,” Dean noted when Cas reached him.
Thursday morning brough a light dusting of snow to Lawrence which had left everyone giddy. It rarely snowed this early in the town and Dean knew everyone’s hopes for a White Christmas were growing. Even though his customers all complained that it was freezing, they all smiled at the sight of the snow. By the time Dean left the garage for his lunch break the snow had melted away but the good mood that had fallen over the town hadn’t. An elderly couple held the door to the coffee shop open for him.
His head snapped up to find Charlie standing next to him, wrapped up in her fluffy dressing gown.
Stevie looked amused by her girlfriend's antics, though ultimately chose not to join in. She winked at Dean as she passed him and said, “Are we expecting a certain blue-eyed cutie to show up?”
The afternoon flew by as he got into the rhythm, and with no other altercations between Benny and Gordon he started to relax and trust that the day was salvageable. In hindsight, he should have known better.
Without thinking he reached out with his free hand and pulled the material around so the knot was at the front once more. His fingertips brushed against Dean’s throat and he couldn’t ignore it when Dean swallowed.
“That needs to be fixed,” Charlie said. She was still staring up at the ceiling in horror while Stevie, attempting not to laugh, patted her shoulder consolingly.
“Uh, hi?” Dean glanced over at Castiel who smiled at the boy before he glanced at Dean. His smile slipped when he saw Dean’s confusion.
“Goodnight Sam. Thank you for inviting me,” Cas said, which Sam waved aside. Dean felt a brief stab of guilt but pushed it down.
“You’ve played before,” he said as he rounded the table to join a still smiling Cas. To his surprise Cas shook his head.
“Dean!” Jack cheered and rushed across the room to hug Dean’s leg.
“You enjoy Christmas music?”
“Apparently not.”
Cas moaned around it, and Dean instantly felt blood darken his cheeks. Once again he was grateful that he had thought to turn the overhead lights off. He quickly busied himself with shoveling in a mouthful of pie.
the coffee.”
“With one of the bacon sandwiches,” Dean gestured at the display cabinet and Cas nodded while punching it into the machine. “Sorry, about yesterday, by the way.”
“It was nothing, Cas,” he said, his voice a bit gruffer than he’d intended. It didn’t seem to bother Cas, though Sam looked at him oddly.
Dean’s good mood crashed around him as he was once more swamped with guilt. Though, as he watched the door swing shut behind them, he wasn’t quite sure what he was feeling guilty for.
“Gabriel?” Cas smiled ruefully. “He left the family a few years ago. I fell out of contact when he did as I was still living at home. I haven’t heard from him since.”
Dean huffed a quiet laugh. “Yeah, they do come in handy with baking. Cooking can be more forgiving,” he added tentatively, and Cas shrugged.
“I’m sorry for thinking you’d cheat,” he blurted out, and Cas turned to look at him. There was a small smile on his face that grew as he watched Dean turn red.
Along with their anti-fiery goat post they had also posted cat pictures, guidelines on how to help bees and nerdy jokes that were beyond even Dean.
Sam ripped off the brown paper and choked out a laugh as he stared down at the garish cover of
“It’s late and I have work early tomorrow,” he said jerkily without meeting Cas’s gaze. The other man had also gotten to his feet, but Dean turned away and hurried to the door. “Thanks for the pizza,” he threw over his shoulder.
“Oh.” Cas was silent as he handed Dean’s change over. “I’m glad you came today.”
“Uh, yeah?” Cas was staring at him and Dean thought that his eyes seemed wider than normal. Before he could ask Cas had pushed himself up off the couch and was making his way to the kitchen. “It’s in the oven.”
“I promised him pizza for dinner,” he explained. “You’re welcome to join us,” he added, and Dean felt his stomach swoop slightly, as though he’d missed a step going downstairs. He thought briefly of his empty apartment across the hallway before he allowed a small, rather bashful smile to creep onto his face.
“Babysit Jack?” he repeated, and a contrite expression crossed Cas’s face.
“You baked?”
They spent another hour in the arcade as Jack led them to the classics of Pac-man and Space Invaders before they moved onto the more modern dance games. Dean was delighted to learn that while Cas had him beat in the games that required fast reflexes and apparently a knowledge of physics, Dean was faster on his feet. Where Cas stumbled through the moves, Dean managed to keep up easily with the beats. Jack laughed from the sidelines until Cas conceded defeat. They both took it in turns to lose to Jack and while Dean knew he was losing on purpose, he wasn’t too sure about Cas.
But despite all this, his week seemed to rush by, barely giving him a chance to think on what to eat let alone obsess over his new neighbor. His shifts at the garage seemed to become longer and longer. He could feel his resentment growing each day, and he woke to the sound of his alarm in the morning with a knot of dread in his stomach. His decision to take on the business was steadily growing into one he wished he could take it back, not that he would tell anyone that. Sam would become worried and look at him with those sad puppy eyes and Charlie would start pushing him to make a change that he no longer believed was in sight.
“I said good night,” he said and Dean could definitely tell Cas was far from relaxed as his voice became brittle and tense.
“Yeah, but that was on Benny’s shitty X-box. You have a way better system on which I will destroy you.”
“Alright,” she said, tapping on the computer before scanning the three cards. Dean handed her his credit card, and a moment later she handed it back with the three arcade cards and waved them off. “Have fun,” she said as she returned to her textbook.
“Twist my arm,” he muttered and Jody smiled. “This week?”
A gravelly voice caused him to look up and Dean saw, with a jolt in his stomach, the barista was standing by his table with a hand reached out for his plate.
“You’re all still here, though,” Cas pointed out.
“It’s fine.”
“Pizza should only be twenty minutes,” Castiel explained. “I’m sorry for taking over your evening.”
‘Wondered where you’d run off to.’
That night, when Dean got home, he saw beewatcher had sent him a new song.
. Dean snorted. How corny could they get? He flashed a smile at the waitress as she placed his turkey sandwich on the table. He watched as she walked away, distracted for a moment by her bright red hair which swayed behind her as she moved before he returned his attention to his phone.
The night continued in such a fashion that left Dean smiling and relaxing even further into Cas’s space as they continued to play against one another. Cas steadily improved and in their fourth match he managed to beat Dean to resounding cheers. Cas bowed while the others applauded, and Dean’s cheeks ached from how widely he was smiling. Cas caught sight of his expression and his smile softened into a gummy grin that caused Dean’s breath to catch in his chest.
“Dean, if you feel uncomfortable with watching a movie with me then—”
Dean’s stomach curdled and he looked down at the two beers in his hands as Cas moved over to the bar to fetch Kelly’s drink.
They finally arrived at the bakery and Jack looked around in wonder at all the pastries and cakes on sale. He pulled Dean over to the display while Sam slowly followed them. After Jack had picked out a caramel slice and a chocolate croissant which Dean paid for, along with his own salted caramel pudding and Sam’s apple danish, the three of them wandered down to the nearby park and sat on a bench to eat their purchases. Dean tucked away Jack’s croissant for later, not wanting the boy to make himself sick, and instead watched as Jack climbed up the play equipment and flew down the slide, over and over.
“Seriously? What did they call you as a kid?” Dean raised an eyebrow.
“Yeah, just running late. This could be them now.” Jody looked over as the door swung open again and Dean turned to look, a snarky remark about Claire’s latest look ready, but he froze when he saw Cas come through the door instead. That familiar pair of blue eyes swept over the room before settling on Dean. A warm smile lit up Cas’s face, and Dean felt an answering smile curve his lips without his permission.
“No,” he said slowly. “You called me…” he hesitated, wanting Cas to fill in the blank for him instead of Dean having to actually say it but after a long pause he gave in. “…sweetheart.”
“I’m Castiel,” was all he said though. So not Jack then, Dean thought to himself. He attempted to shuffle the box in his arms to the side so he could shake Dean’s hand but half-way through the motion the box began to topple, and Dean lunged forward to steady it.
“Duty calls,” he grumbled and Dean grinned at him.
“Thanks, Dean,” he said smiling down at the book.
“Cas suits you,” Dean said without thinking. Cas was smiling again when Dean looked over at him.
“Thanks,” he said quietly.
“I said it then, didn’t I?”
At first it was gentle, just a press of their lips, but then Cas inhaled deeply and Dean found himself being kissed within an inch of his life. Cas had one hand on the back of Dean’s neck and the other gripping his shoulder tightly, pulling him in until Dean was practically in Cas’s lap.
“You look a little stressed there,” she commented.
“Illinois.”
Dean closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
The familiar script began scrolling up the screen, and Jack seemed to wiggle in excitement. Dean settled back as he felt himself relax properly for the first time all day. He glanced over at Cas and found himself staring at Cas’s pursed lips as he ate his lo mein. Dean’s cheeks burned and he swallowed through the sudden dryness in his throat as he forced himself to face the television. It was lucky he knew the movie by heart because he missed the entirety of the introduction as he focused his thoughts on innocent thoughts.
“You ready to tell me what all of this is about?” she asked, and Dean hesitated. He knew, logically, that he could tell Charlie and that she wouldn’t judge him, but the familiar guilt and shame that he’d live with for years had returned to strangle him, and he forced a smile that felt fake.
“That’s good,” she said, and Dean’s unease grew. “Dude seemed pretty cool even if he’d never seen Star Wars.”
One episode turned into two, and before Dean knew it there was a knock on the door. He looked around from where he was slouched down. Jack was curled up next to him, his head resting on Dean’s arm, the paper bag that now held the crumbs from his croissant between them. Dean tried to extricate himself from Jack’s grip without disturbing the kid, but thankfully Sam was up on a break and, seeing Dean’s predicament, answered the door himself.
“What am I? The news bulletin?” Dean turned back to the stove to avoid Sam’s eye, but he could still feel it on the side of his face. “You met them now, anyway, so what’s it matter whether I told you or not?”
Despite the rather boring nature of their job, Dean found himself having fun as he and Castiel carried boxes into the apartment where Jack stood on the couch and directed them to the different rooms. Aside from being cute Jack seemed to be determined to win Dean over and bounced around him. At first, he’d been mostly silent but by the time they were done he was jabbering away about the long drive he had mostly slept through that morning and the pigeons he’d spotted during the lunch break. Dean bit back a laugh as Jack, now starting to flag a little, started chattering about how excited he was to make friends at his new pre-school.
“Anna?”
It was only when Jack suddenly leapt to his feet and bounded back over to them with what looked like a heavy frame in his hands that they shifted. Cas leaned forward to see what his son had found, and Dean twisted to the side slightly so he could face them both.
His memory had lied to him. Those eyes were far brighter than he’d thought.
The afternoon slid into early evening, and Dean lurked around the edges of the party. He managed to hide for a bit with Bobby before the older man grew sick of Dean sulking and sent him back into the party. Thankfully, by that time the music had grown louder and Jo and Stevie had set up shots at the bar.
The moment his shirt was gone, Cas’s hands were on Dean, mapping out all the bare flesh in front of him. He gently squeezed his waist before he ran a hand up his chest until it brushed the edges of his tattoo. He didn’t hesitate before he leaned forward and pressed a kiss to the very centre of the anti-possession symbol. Dean gasped above him and Cas smiled before pressing his lips against his skin again. He slowly kissed his way up to Deans collarbone and gave it a gentle nip and then Dean’s hands were in his hair pulling him back up before he kissed him, hard and fast, leaving Cas panting.
“We were— I mean we are, it was just… when I mentioned I was a mechanic you went kind still and some people can get weird about mechanics.”
“Well that certainly adds to his charm now, doesn’t it? I mean, nerdy and dreamy?” Dean forced himself to remain steady as he walked into the kitchen and began collecting the ingredients for the icing.
“Yeah,” Sam said slowly.
“Seriously, don’t worry,” Dean shrugged it off. “I didn’t exactly have a party planned or anything.”
Cas hummed thoughtfully as Dean moved to the kitchen. He pulled several takeaway menus off the fridge, which he spread out on the bench for Cas to look through. In the end they, or rather Jack, chose Chinese, and Dean quickly rang through their order while Cas went to turn on the television.
“Oh cra—” Dean glanced down at Jack again as he cut himself off. The couch shook slightly and Dean looked over to see Cas laughing silently at him. “Oh shut—ah, shush,” he corrected, which made Cas snort with laughter. Jack shifted between them and they both looked down at him before Dean continued.
By four o’clock most guests had arrived. Eileen was surrounded by Jo, who had long since abandoned her post at the bar, and Charlie as the two interrogated her. Eileen seemed amused by this, though Sam, who sat next to her, seemed put-out.
“Hey Dean.” Charlie broke the comfortable silence in a hesitant tone which caught his attention more so than the use of his name. “Who’s beewatcher?”
“Yes?”
“So,” he began, and immediately wanted to drown himself in his tea. Unfortunately, his mug was far too small, and after deciding he’d buy larger mugs, Dean glanced over at Cas who was now regarding him thoughtfully.
“Hey, Dean?” Charlie said as soon as he turned the mixer off. He took a deep breath before he answered her.
Five minutes later Dean was seated at a quiet table in the corner sipping on his black coffee and scrolling through twitter. People had been making estimates all morning and he smiled when he saw the original post. It hadn’t even been a complete photo, but it already had over 1000 likes.
“How the hell have you never seen Star Wars?” Dean demanded, and Cas turned back to focus on him. His face cleared and for a moment Dean felt hope that maybe this could be salvaged. But then Cas spoke.
Definitely not fair.
“I wasn’t.” Cas froze and Dean winced at his tactless explanation. “I mean, I chickened out.”
“There better be coffee over there,” he warned and Sam smiled before handing over a take-away cup. He held an identical cup out to Cas who was still lying down. Dean glanced over at him, frowning. Cas normally leapt forward at the scent of coffee but now he only turned his head and stared at it for a moment before reaching forward slowly. He glanced over at Dean but he couldn’t seem to meet his eyes. Dean tilted his head slightly, trying to ask silently if he was alright but Cas turned away.
He quickly threw together eggs on toast instead and the three sat at the counter to eat. Dean had poured himself a fresh mug of coffee and Dorothy was sleepily stirring a peppermint tea.
Dean entered the kitchen, trying to push what Jo said out of his mind, and opened the fridge.
“Seriously man. If you want some help, I’m happy to pitch in.”
“Aye, aye,” Jack chanted before leading the way into the hallway. “C’mon, let’s go.”
“Well arguing about it is definitely dumb,” she said.
“I’m sorry,” Cas said in a rush as Dean looked up at him. “Patience was unavailable and I didn’t have anyone else to call. I considered cancelling but…” His voice trailed away and Dean’s traitorous heart gave a particularly hard thump at the hopeful look in Cas’s eyes.
“Apple pie,” he commented as he carried it into the kitchen. “You must be feeling guilty.”
Cas agreed, and they set off. It took Dean almost the length of the first block to realize that they were both still holding Jack’s hands. He looked over at Cas who had been noticeably quiet, but Dean couldn’t think of anything to say to break the sudden awkward silence that hung over them. Thankfully, Jack didn’t seem aware of this and began babbling about the flowers. He stopped to pick some more, finally letting go of Dean’s hand as he bent down by the same patch of weeds as yesterday, and when he straightened and held out his findings Dean didn’t bother arguing with him. Cas raised an eyebrow when Dean, without thinking, put the weed behind his ear. Dean flushed, realizing what he’d done and reached up to take it down but a warm hand on his wrist stopped him.
“Look, Andy wouldn’t screw me over,” he said, leaning forward slightly. “He’s a good guy and he has a lot of connections.”
Sam wasn’t wrong though, he thought sourly. He’d managed to get almost all the housework done already and he still had a couple of hours before Cas would arrive. If he slowed down now, he’d start thinking about what was coming and that was the last thing he needed to do. If he started thinking he’d start panicking and build everything up in his head and why the hell did Cas agree to this? Surely it wasn’t a way to say thank you for yesterday? But what else could it be? It’s not like Cas was interested in him. He had a family, and he didn’t come across as the kind of person who would ruin that. Even if he was, Dean was the last person in the world worth that.
“Elton John,” he said and Dean frowned, casting his mind back. “It was the day you told me your name and mentioned you were receiving an education in Christmas music.”
The next round saw him, Sam, Cas and Jo fight, though it was quickly derailed as they  learnt that Cas’s claim to never having played a video game before rang true. Between laughing until his sides hurt as Cas attempted to figure out how to aim without blowing himself up and the way Cas leaned in close to Dean to ask questions about the buttons he was required to press and what was the point to all of this, Dean was struggling to focus on the game.
“That’s brown, right?” he double checked.
“Is Eileen coming?” Dean quickly demanded of Sam, hoping that this new topic would lure Charlie away from his own embarrassing situation. Sam cleared his throat and fiddled with his now empty glass for a moment before he nodded.
“Just tired, Cas,” he said, staring down at his hands, hoping Cas would let it go. He heard Cas put the boxes down on the bench and move closer but he still didn’t look up.
“Go Cas, your shift finished forty minutes ago, anyway.”
“Baz left the apartment door unlocked when he went to grab his laundry and my cat, Jack got out.”
“He’s seen New Hope now,” Dean said. His voice was far more defensive than he’d intended, which seemed to amuse Charlie.
“Hope you’re hungry,” Dean called. Whatever Sam was going to say in reply was forgotten as a loud bang emitted from the hallway. Sam turned around and looked out of the still open apartment door and Dean looked over in time to see a rather dishevelled Cas hurrying down the hallway with Jack hopping next to him and hanging off of his hand.
He’d woken up from dreams involving a pair of dark blue eyes and chapped pink lips that had left his boxers strained and his chest aching. Dean cursed himself and swore to ignore what he’d been dreaming of and forced himself up and into the shower. His hopes of a relaxing shower were quickly dashed when he lingered too long and had to run out the door, yelling a brief goodbye to Sam who was calmly eating his breakfast. An accident on the road made him even later, and by the time he reached the garage the workday had already begun.
“Heads up, Dean,” Bess called out, and he turned back to her. “They’re at it again.”
“Gonna need a bit more than that, Ash.”
Cas watched him with a fond look on his face before he joined him. He slowly slid under the blanket and for a moment they lay still before Dean hesitantly reached out and took hold of Cas’s hand.
“It’s not dumb,” Dean half-heartedly argued. His gaze was now fixed determinedly on his plate as Dorothy plucked Charlie’s phone from her grasp and started scrolling.
“A flower for you,” he announced, and Dean was left with no choice but to accept it. He looked down at the we—alright, flower, in his hand and wondered what he was supposed to do with it now. Jack seemed only too happy to help him out there, though. “Like this,” he said before pushing another bruised flower behind his own ear. He smiled and stared expectantly up at Dean.
It was the thought of Kelly’s wrath that prompted Dean to speak quickly, though he still hadn’t thought through what he needed to say.
“I knew it,” Charlie crowed, shimmying her way around the couch in a victory dance.
“Thank you,” Castiel smiled. Dean looked up from the box and realized how close they were. His move to catch the wayward box had brought him and Castiel almost chest-to-chest with the box the only thing between them. A quick glance up revealed that Castiel was staring at Dean and if he’d thought Castiel’s eyes were intense before seeing them up close left Dean stunned.
Another week passed before Dean was forced to confront his growing feelings for Cas. He woke most mornings reaching across the bed as the ghost of a warm mouth and hands faded from his mind before he rather grumpily began his day, often casting a look at the door across the hall as he walked past. He honestly didn’t know if he wanted the door to open or not, but every time it didn’t he was left with a pit of dread and disappointment building in his gut. The anticipation was killing him.
“That’s good, Jack,” he choked out. “Maybe Sam can learn from you.” He watched as Sam forced a smile as Jack beamed up at him.
“Any reason you haven’t come around for a while?” Jody asked, and Dean sighed. “Or could this have something to do with the good-looking guy Alex saw you with at the arcade?”
“You what?” he said, loudly enough for Dean to hear over the chatter of the room. Dean frowned, throwing back the last of his coffee. He stood up and hesitated, wondering if he should intervene. The barista certainly looked upset, upset enough to swear loudly when the milk frothed over the edge of the tin and onto his hand.
Jack led them past the still broken elevator and to the staircase, where he held out a hand. Cas immediately took hold of it before glancing at Dean.
He reached out for his coffee and stared at his phone, which had long gone dark, before he reached out with his other hand and unlocked it. The coffee
“Dean!” He waved cheerfully with the hand that Cas wasn’t holding, and Dean felt a reluctant smile pulling at his mouth.
“So close and yet so far, Dean,” she laughed. Dean grinned up at her from where he sat beside Cas.
The door was pushed open again and Dean looked over, his heart leaping as it had all afternoon, but he was once again let down as he saw Jody and Alex come through the door. Jody was on the phone, an exasperated look on her face, and Dean would have bet good money that it was her second adopted daughter, Claire, on the other end. Alex caught his eye and raised an eyebrow as he lifted his beer in greeting. Jody caught sight of him and waved, and Dean felt a wave of wariness wash over him. He had yet to accept Jody’s latest dinner offer due to the teasing he would have to endure but he now found himself regretting that decision as a steely look of determination stole over Jody’s face as she made her way across the diner to him.
‘Fuck,’ he whispered, glancing at the ground where their clothing was and then at the door behind Cas. He looked back at Cas who raised an eyebrow and huffed before pulling away from Dean.
“Mommy!” Jack announced cheerfully. A chill washed over Dean and he glanced at Cas’s hand to double check but no, there was definitely no ring sitting there. And obviously Jack would have to have a mother somewhere so maybe... “She’s coming home soon.”
“It was my mom who taught me. She wasn’t very good at it, and we always made a mess but I remember… laughing a lot. When she died, that all went away. Dad was never the same, and I had to look after Sam… he was so young when it happened. I didn’t really bake much after that. The only time I really spent in the kitchen was cooking dinner for us.”
The waiter was in fact the barista and was currently focused on the list of orders in front of him. He was frowning in concentration and Dean couldn’t stop himself from smiling at the sight. The man’s hair was just as messy as last week as if he’d been running his hands through it. Dean watched him work for a long moment, wondering if his hair was as soft as it looked and if he could mess it up even more when a polite cough interrupted his thinking. He looked around to see it was the red headed waitress who was grinning at him with his lunch order in her hands. Dean felt his face flush as she placed it in front of him.
“This way,” he said, shuffling around Dean so he was in the lead. He made his way over to one of the closed doors before he called Jack to open the door for him. The boy was only too eager, and he scrambled across the room. He twisted the doorknob and let go so the door swung open to reveal a decent sized room with cream walls where an unmade bed was tucked away in the corner opposite from a wardrobe. Castiel bent down to place the box against a bare wall and Dean struggled not to stare. He looked away hurriedly as Castiel straightened up though he suspected he hadn’t looked away fast enough judging by the sly smile that crossed Castiel’s face when Dean finally turned back. That, or his burning ears were giving him away. He quickly placed the box he was holding beside the other and when he turned around, he found that Castiel seemed far less worried about being caught staring.
“Pretty well,” was all Ash said, and Dean sighed.
What had begun as a simple salt-n-burn in northern Kansas had ended up being two more cases back to back which had left them up in North Dakota and far too exhausted to return to the Bunker the same day they had finally killed the ghoul. Several late nights spent in the local cemeteries before finally catching the bastard had left Dean just wanting to collapse into the nearest bed available. Cas was holding up just a shade better while Sam, the only one who managed to catch any decent sleep since this last case had begun, was sent on a food run while Cas and Dean went straight to the motel. After taking turns in the pathetic excuse for a shower they both crashed on the beds in the main room. Dean flicked the television on though with his already heavy eyelids he doubted he’d stay awake until Sam returned let alone make it through a full episode of whatever shit program was on at this time of night.
“Pizza time!” Jack cheered. Dean looked over at Castiel, his eyebrow raised.
Dean’s hand slipped free of Cas’s hair and Cas grumbled a little until he realised that Dean was now pushing at his trench coat. He let go of Dean long enough to push his coat off with enthusiastic help from Dean, along with his jacket before he grabbed hold of him again. Dean’s hands couldn’t seem to stay still as they moved over Cas’s back, hotter now that they were separated only by the thin material of Cas’s shirt.
“Seriously, Dean. If you don’t want to talk about it then we won’t. But will you come to dinner? I found a new meatloaf recipe and I need a guinea pig.”
“So what? You being kind and caring to your best friend is what they cut you off for?” Dean shook his head as he thought over what Cas had told him. “I know it’s not really my place to say this, but they don’t deserve you at all.”
“I better go,” he said. His chest was tight and he struggled to draw breath. Cas’s smile had fallen away but Dean couldn’t sit there another moment. He needed air and to get away from the intensity of Cas’s gaze. He heard Cas call out to him but he didn’t look back, fleeing out into the cold.
, he thought. “I just wish that others would mind their own damn business.”
With his cheeks burning, Dean stumbled backwards a couple of steps, almost knocking into the original pile of boxes that had caused him to catch Castiel’s attention in the first place. He glanced around the hallway once more to avoid Castiel’s gaze as he searched for a reason to escape the awkwardness. What came out of his mouth, however, was far from what he’d meant to say.
“You may keep it in your room if you like,” he said warmly, and Dean’s stomach turned over. “I’m sure she would like — Dean?”
“Oh, come on,” he groaned. He glared at the elevator that had a falsely cheery management sign stuck on one of its doors announcing its sudden and poorly timed breakdown. With a sigh of defeat Dean turned his tired feet towards the stairs and began the long climb.
He glanced across to see if Cas was enjoying the movie. Unlike his son, Cas rarely spoke up, and when he did it was mostly to question the logistics of the movie.
‘The ascot,’ he nodded at it and Dean’s hand fell away as though it had been electrocuted. ‘It suits you,’ he repeated as the silence lingered for too long and for a moment Cas could have sworn that Dean’s cheeks darkened but then he moved, turning away from Cas and walking towards the television.
“Only if you want me asking you,” Dean warned, and Sam shook his head. He backed off, though, as Dean put a pot of coffee on and closed his eyes once more. Behind his eyelids all he could see were Cas’s eyes as they widened and darkened with what Dean thought must have been interest. His stomach lurched as heat seemed to spread through his chest at the thought.
“I don’t, no,” Cas said slowly.
He sighed and turned to flip over the pancakes before grabbing a tissue from the bench and wiping up the spill. He stood up and found Sam watching him with an eyebrow raised from across the bench. Dean scowled, his defenses rising automatically at the sight of an expression Dean associated with Sam meddling.
4 Dec
“You know, there is something you could do,” he said, and Dean didn’t need to look at him to know he would have
“On the house,” he said, warmly. “We’re trying a new recipe. Let me know what you think.” With one last smile he walked away. Dean watched as he returned to his spot behind the coffee machine where he was greeted by a rather flustered young girl who had clearly been left in charge of the coffee orders. It was then that Dean realised that the barista had left his station in order to bring Dean his coffee himself along with a cinnamon cookie in the shape of a Christmas tree. Something warm unfurled in Dean’s chest and he happily bit into the cookie. It was still warm from the oven and the buttery texture melted in his mouth.
As if he noticed Cas’s eyes Dean shifted on the spot nervously, one hand reaching up to tug at the material as though to pull it off. His gaze fell away from Cas’s face and instead was fixed on the two recliners in front of the mess that once had been a television.
“Dean? What is it?”
The bakery was only a block away from their apartment, which was lucky as it was difficult to hold onto Jack for even that long. He seemed eager to follow every bug that crossed their path and greet everyone he saw.
“Mom’s here!”
Jack continued to make small comments, mostly asking when they’d see Leia again, until the scene where Luke joined the Rebel squadron when Dean felt a weight sink against his arm, and he looked down to see Jack’s head was now resting against him as the little boy finally succumbed to exhaustion.
“Tea, perhaps?” he suggested. Dean knew Cas was right; they would need clear heads for this discussion, so no matter how badly Dean wanted some liquid courage he pulled out two mugs and set about making them tea. He pulled out the box of tea bags that he had hidden behind a box of cereal that was more sugar than anything else. It had been the only place he’d known Sam wouldn’t look.
“If that’s your thing,” he said stiffly, his head lowered as he sifted flour into the bowl. Charlie hummed behind him, and when he looked up to grab the eggs he found her staring at him with a shrewd look on her face. Dean’s stomach jolted unpleasantly as though he’d missed a step going downstairs.
“Did you win?” he asked Cas and he cheered when Cas nodded.
“Goodnight,” he whispered. He heard Cas return the sentiment softly, and then slowly sleep crept over them. Cas went under first. Dean listened to his breaths deepen and even out. He lay there for a little longer, breathing in tandem with Cas as thoughts of the morning to come filled his mind. Thoughts of Jack and his gleeful laughter, of Sam’s teasing and Kelly’s knowing smirk. And most importantly he thought of Cas, his voice soft and his hair a mess, curled up against Dean’s side in the early morning light. For once, the thought of the coming morning left Dean feeling excited. He smiled to himself as he hugged Cas closer. In fact, he thought, he felt himself looking forward to the dawn and all it entailed.
“I like hanging around you, too,” he finally said, and Cas’s resulting beam was almost blinding. The coffee shop door opened and a family entered, the children rushing forward to look into the display cabinet. Cas sighed as the young woman behind the counter hissed at him to come back.
“Now we all have flowers,” Jack announced, and Dean looked down to see the half-crushed flower sticking out from behind Jack’s ear. He bit back a laugh and caught Cas’s eye instead. Whatever had been bothering Cas earlier seemed to have vanished and now he smiled openly at Dean. A sudden jolt in Dean’s stomach forced him to look away as he cleared his throat.
He cleared his suddenly dry throat. “Your turn,” he said gruffly and waited for Cas to hit the puck.
It felt like a cold bucket of water had been dumped over Dean. He looked up in time to see a pretty brunette approach them. Dean recognized her instantly from the photo in Cas’s living space. Kelly.
Cas’s free hand reached up and slid between Dean’s cheek and the pillow and tilted his head a little and then Dean felt Cas’s lips pressed against his. His eyes slid shut and he struggled to breathe as Cas pressed more firmly against him, first his lips and then Dean felt Cas shuffle forward until their chests were pressed together and Cas’s legs were tangling with his own. Dean couldn’t have stopped the moan building in him if he’d tried and his free hand wrapped itself in Cas’s shirt, trying to tug him even closer.
He could hear Cas moving around the kitchen; the slight squeal of the oven door that he kept forgetting to oil, the rattle of a draw and the slight clink of plates. Dean looked down at Jack once more and felt a small smile pull at the corners of his mouth as he listened to Cas. The boy’s mouth had parted as he slept, and his eyelids flickered as he dreamt. Dean’s chest warmed as though something molten was running through his veins, filling his heart until it felt like his chest was going to burst open.
“So, we’ve got a few people coming today, right Sam?” she asked and Dean’s hackles instantly went up. Charlie had never managed the art of being subtle when she wanted information. Sam looked confused as he shrugged.
“Don’t Han Solo me,” Charlie complained while Stevie groaned. Benny and Maggie laughed and Sam rolled his eyes as he got up to put all the controllers away.
Dean took a deep breath and held Cas’s gaze before he began to talk.
‘Slow down there, cowboy,’ he said, his smile widening and Cas sighed. With a bright grin Dean let go and reached up to where the ascot was still tied, the fabric now creased from Cas’s grip, and he pulled it away, letting the material float to the floor where the rest of their clothing lay. Dean then shot Cas a grin before leaning in and giving him a quick kiss, enough to melt away Cas’s frown. He then reached down and squeezed Cas’s hands before he grabbed his shirt and pulled it off.
“I struggled with Tolstoy, too,” Castiel said. “I find his novellas easier, especially when you’re busy and don’t have much time to read. Which book did you read?”
He knew Jo hadn’t really meant to piss him off, but her words still rang loudly in his head. His decision to leave almost eight years ago hadn’t been well received by many people. Sam, Bobby and Jody were the only ones who didn’t seem to hold it against him. In fact, he could clearly remember Jody and Bobby sitting him down and insisting he go. Jo had been one of the ones who hadn’t understood. He hadn’t spoken to her until her twenty-first birthday, when Sam had forced them to talk to one another, and things still got tense whenever it was brought up. She wasn’t alone in her anger, he knew. There was a reason he’d never come back in the summers, and out of all his high school friends Jo and Ash were the only ones that still spoke to him.
“It usually is,” Cas nodded. “But the school semester finished on Friday so I’m on holidays now and todays an all-hands-on-deck situation.”
“My family didn’t approve of my lifestyle choices either,” he said quietly. Dean didn’t know what to say to that, but Cas seemed to sense his curiosity as he smiled rather awkwardly and squeezed Dean’s hand.
“Good one Winchester.”
“Not for lack of trying on some peoples part,” Jo said dryly. Dean finished his beer and got to his feet to grab another. Jo glanced up at him and guilt turned the corners of her mouth down.
“Yeah, for three,” he said nodding towards Cas and Jack. Alex’s eyebrow rose slightly but mercifully she didn’t say anything. He knew, though, that he would undoubtedly be receiving a call from Jody inviting him to dinner soon.
“Oh.” Cas shrugged apologetically at him after a moment. “I don’t really watch movies.”
Dean blinked at him and watched as Cas tucked his own weed behind his ear and smiled.
Dean caught sight of Cas several times but managed to avoid his eye. He looked rather forlorn, and for a moment Dean considered abandoning his new rule and going over to cheer him up. He was brought to a standstill when he saw Kelly place her hand on Cas’s and give him a comforting squeeze, and Dean forced himself to turn away. He returned to the bar but instead of beer ordered a double whiskey which Ellen poured with a raised eyebrow.
“Uh huh. Hey Dean,” Sam’s voice changed enough for Dean to become wary. “How was your day?”
It had been a long two weeks.
“Hi!”
“I might have,” he eventually said and Dean paused, not knowing how to continue.
“Okay,” he repeated, and Cas smiled. He led the way to his bedroom, flicking off the lights as he went, until they reached his room. He was grateful that he’d thought to tidy up his room the night before and the bed was neatly made. He pulled out his nightclothes and found a pair of sweats and an old t-shirt for Cas to wear. They quickly changed, their backs to one another and their gazes averted before Dean crawled into bed. The full weight of the day seemed to hit him all at once, and all he wanted was to curl up under the blankets with Cas.
He lay awake half the night staring at his ceiling, feeling jittery and on edge as he thought of what was coming upon waking. When he did finally drift off, he had confusing dreams involving Jack and Sam playing a game of catch which Dean was forced to watch helplessly from the sidelines. On the other side of them was Cas, who would catch Dean’s eye and smile at him distantly. Beside him was a pretty brunette, holding Cas’s hand.
“Will do, Bobby,” Dean grinned before leaving the staff room and the garage. Halfway to the coffee shop Dean’s confidence began to falter. He had chickened out on going yesterday and he now felt guilty. Which was stupid. He barely knew Cas. He hadn’t even known Cas’s name before Wednesday. But he already felt drawn to him and by the time he entered the coffee shop Dean felt an odd mix of nervousness and excitement. Overall, Dean wasn’t sure if he’d be able to stomach a coffee.
The flush had darkened on his cheeks and Dean felt his own embarrassment melt away. Instead, he found himself smiling and rolling up his sleeves, his previous exhaustion forgotten in the face of this kind-of sweet and most definitely hot man.
“Thanks for that,” he said and the barista looked up and smiled at him.
“We better go,” Cas said, and Dean followed him out of the shop. He pulled his phone out and texted Bobby, letting him know he’d be delayed in getting back to the garage. He was sure Bobby would let him get away with it. He’d grumble but ultimately he wouldn’t say too much.
“They think mechanics are dumb, Cas.”
He was grateful that Claire and Kaia chose that moment to arrive and he spent several minutes teasing Claire over her grease-stained plaid shirt before she pointed out that they were wearing similar outfits.
15 Dec
“What do you mean, what’s a Han Solo?” Dean repeated. “How do you not know who Han Solo is?”
“I suppose I should head home,” Cas said softly. Dean glanced over at Cas and felt a trickle of dread at the thought of Cas leaving tonight.
“Did you want to say it?” Cas asked, his voice stronger than earlier and Dean looked up to see Cas watching him intently, his shoulders straighter.
, he quickly typed before hitting tweet. He waited a moment to make sure it posted then refreshed the page. Between mouthfuls of turkey and cranberry sauce he scrolled back up to the original photo. The goats head was on the ground, dusted with freshly fallen snow. Beside it rose the body of straw. Standing at roughly 33 feet, it was an impressive sight.
Dean rolled his eyes and, before he could talk himself out of it, clicked on the person’s profile. He snorted when he read their handle; @beewatcher. Their name was just as cheesy, announcing the person to be called CBee, complete with a bee emoji.
“So Dean invited him, them?”
“Are you alright?”
They began to descend the stairs and, after a brief explanation to Dean, they began to lift Jack up on every second step. He cheered each time they did it. By the time they arrived in the lobby Dean was breathless and his arm ached a bit, but there was a smile that was threatening to become permanent on his face.
Dean looked over to see Castiel had hung up and was now looking over at him with concern on his face. His head was cocked to the side again. Dean looked over at Jack, who smiled at him, and Dean smiled back. Pleased, the boy ran over to his father’s side and started vying for his attention by reaching out and tugging on Castiel’s shirt. Dean could see what looked like a college logo printed in cracked letters on the front.
“Baz, this is Dean. Dean, my roommate, Balthazar.”
“What?” Cas said slowly.
“I’m sure we can bribe him later,” Dean muttered to him and Cas laughed.
Cas put Jack down and Dean reached back to shut the door behind him. He stood there awkwardly for a moment and watched in surprise as Jack came over to sniff his shoes.
“Right,” Dean nodded, his chest swelling with some emotion he didn’t want to think about too closely. “Good. We—I’ll see you then. It’s at four,” he added.
A quiet chuckle from his left caused him to look around. Jody was grinning around the lip of her beer bottle as she turned away.
“That’s basically blasphemy,” he explained. “You always start with Episode IV for the first watch.”
“Hey, Cas.”
If Dean had ever doubted how much work a child could be then he had rightfully been put in his place. Jack was a handful. An adorable and oddly polite handful, but a handful nonetheless. He’d devoured three pancakes, much to Dean and Sam’s surprise and then, just as Sam left to have a shower, the sugar rush hit. Jack jumped around the kitchen as Dean attempted to clean up the mess he had made under the watchful gaze of the boy. Jack got sick of watching very quickly and was soon begging Dean to let him help, and so Dean had found himself watching as Jack carefully and methodically wiped down the bench and dried the cutlery.
When he returned to the couch Cas was getting ready to leave.
“The night we met, Jack said something about his mom coming back and then I saw the photo of you and Kelly at graduation and I just… really misread the situation.”
“You look like crap,” he said bluntly, too tired to care and a part of him wanted to get a reaction out of Cas. His face twitched as though fighting back a scowl and then the moment passed. Instead, he tilted his head slightly and stared at Dean with more curiosity than before. It was quiet between them for a long moment and Dean shifted, starting to feel uncomfortable.
“Was it you or Sam who invited Cas?”
“And Cas, right?”
“We need to move quickly,” he said, and Balthazar’s grin vanished. Instead he looked at Cas apologetically.
As it was, Saturday morning dawned and Dean woke slowly without the aid of an alarm, much to his relief. A look to his left revealed that it was almost nine o’clock and he stretched under the blankets luxuriously before rolling out of bed. After a detour to the bathroom Dean snagged his bathrobe off the back of his bedroom door and set off for the kitchen. He found himself humming Zepp under his breath as he pulled out eggs and flour.
He stood up after a minute and was grateful that he had gotten control over himself. He picked up the mugs and took them into the kitchen to rinse them out in order to give himself time to think.
“What do you mean, I said it first? I’ve never called you – that.” His voice became louder the longer he spoke and he stared at Cas with wide eyes, watching as Cas’s cheeks darkened, his hands falling back to his sides and he looked away, embarrassment radiating off of him.
“Alright, no chick flick moments,” Dean said, and Sam rolled his eyes.
“Alright, alright, we get it,” Jo said, stretching her arms above her. “Leave the lovebirds alone.” Charlie and Maggie giggled and Dean felt his flush deepen. Even the back of his neck felt like it was burning. He avoided everyone else’s gazes as he got to his feet and picked up the empty beer bottles around the room. He refused to look in Cas’s direction, scared of what expression he would find on his face. Best case scenario would be innocent puzzlement, worse case scenario… Dean honestly didn’t know. What was worse, disgust or interest?
He gestured for Cas and Jack to enter the arcade, rummaging in his pocket for his wallet with his free hand as they went. Jack’s eyes were wide, and his head swiveled around as he tried to take in all the bright lights and noises at once. Cas also looked around curiously and Dean couldn’t help but laugh at how alike they looked in that moment. Cas looked over at him, wonder still in his eyes, and Dean
“Oh, yes. I went to college there.”
Gordon Walker was a good mechanic, there was no getting around it, but he was not a team player. He undermined the others and called their knowledge into question. He’d unsettled Dean when he’d first taken over the business, but Dean had proven himself enough that Gordon had been forced to stop questioning his authority. Instead, he had turned on Donna and Benny.
“Fine, Dean,” Sam said through gritted teeth. Dean waited but it became clear after a moment that Sam wasn’t going to do any introductions.
Dorothy dropped onto a stool at the counter and pulled Charlie closer until the two were leaning against each other as they watched Dean attempt to save the bacon. By the time Dean had admitted defeat and scrapped the bacon, Charlie had snagged his coffee and had almost finished it.
“Ah, yes,” he managed to spit out. The barista smiled at him, his eyes crinkling in the corners and fuck it wasn’t fair. Dean glanced behind the barista but he couldn’t see the red headed waitress anywhere.
The twitter notification came through early in the morning of November 29
Dean sat down and pulled out his phone automatically, though his gaze didn’t leave Cas. He flipped his phone over in his hand a few times before he put it down and leant back in his chair. He watched as Anna, while passing Cas a fresh crate of milk, say something to him which caused Cas to turn around, his gaze searching the café. When he spotted Dean he smiled and Dean’s fingers let go of his phone completely and returned the grin.
“Didn’t want you to get cold,” he explained and that was when Dean realised Cas was holding the edge of Dean’s blankets. He didn’t resist as Cas lifted Dean’s feet again and pulled the blanket out from under him and tugged it over Dean. Instead he watched as the ex-angel smoothed the blanket out over him, a small smile on his face and Dean could feel his eyelids drooping, exhaustion crawling along his veins until he felt himself going under. He could still sense Cas next to the bed and he smiled in his direction before closing his eyes completely.
“Do you regret it?”
So, it was with a steadily increasing headache that Dean pulled into the parking lot of his apartment building thinking only of a hot shower, a beer, and dinner. In whatever order they presented themselves. He let his baby idle for a moment before he shut off her engine and, ignoring the ache in his legs, forced himself to get out of the car. It was thankfully only a short walk to the entrance of the building, and he had started to relax and allow himself to think of the shower that awaited him four floors above him when he saw a sign that caused his mood to plummet once more.
He looked up when he heard footsteps and saw Cas approaching with his lunch and coffee. He smiled up at him and Cas’s answering smile calmed him more than he thought possible. He cast a thought towards his phone which he, after a moment of hesitation, locked and placed down on the table.
Christmas morning passed slowly for Dean. He’d called Sam and confirmed the time for that nights dinner and then waited for lunch time to roll around. By the time 1 o’clock rolled around Dean was crawling the walls of his apartment. Normally he’d have watched whatever Christmas movie was on the tv or put on Die Hard. Today he couldn’t focus as his gaze kept flicking to his phone to check the time and twitter.
“That movie,” Dean repeated while the sound of Charlie clearly knocking her head back against the couch’s poorly stuffed backing could be heard. “It’s only one of the greatest movie
“Hurry up,” he said sharply as Dean shut the cupboard. “I’ll stall them.”
Suddenly feeling much warmer, Dean made his way to an available table at the back. He watched everyone moving around for a long moment before he felt the urge to pull out his phone. He glanced over at the coffee machine once more as he waited for twitter to load but didn’t catch the barista’s eye again.
“Unfortunately,” Castiel sighed. Dean took one look at the exhaustion on Castiel’s face before he grabbed another box with determination. If they put their backs into it then, hopefully, they’d get it all done before eight.
“I’ll give you something...to do,” Dean’s muttered threat trailed off into nonexistence as he glared at his brothers retreating back.
Cas didn’t speak at first. Dean looked up and was startled to see tears in his eyes. He opened his mouth to apologise, but was cut off when Cas moved suddenly. He pulled his hand away from Dean’s, leaving Dean feeling as though someone had kicked him in the stomach. But Cas surprised him once more by tugging free Dean’s almost finished mug of tea and placing it and his own mug on the coffee table before turning back to Dean. He took hold of both of Dean’s hands with his own and squeezed. Their fingers were warm from holding onto the mugs of tea, and Dean felt his cheeks flush as his stomach lurched once more.
‘Cas, Cas, Cas,’ Dean’s voice was breathy and wrecked and a shiver went down Cas’s spine. He pulled back long enough to take in Dean’s flushed face and hooded eyes before reality crashed over him and he groaned, leaning forward and resting his head on Dean’s shoulder.
He went through the motions of getting ready for bed but once he was under the blanket he felt wide awake. Cas’s words ran circles around his mind and he found himself tossing and turning for the better part of an hour before he gave up. Cas had said that Dean had said that first but he had no recollection of it. Dean frowned up at his ceiling in the dark and strained his mind, hoping something would come to him. He still couldn’t remember if he’d said anything but he suddenly remembered how Cas had acted all day, how weird he had been when Dean had woken up. Dean abruptly sat up in bed and threw the blanket off him. He needed answers.
Cas lifted his hand to brush the hair off of Jack’s face. While Dean mourned the loss of Cas’s warmth on his arm he couldn’t help but ache at the look of unabashed love on Cas’s face.
“Here,” Cas’s low voice caused him to look up and he took hold of the plates that Cas was holding out with one hand. In the other he wore an oven mitt which held the pie tin. The delicious aroma of apple and cinnamon filled the room as Cas sat down and set about cutting out a couple of slices. Despite his mouth watering at the smell of the pie, Dean forced himself to wait until Cas had taken a bite.
“Wha—” Charlie leaned over to read whatever Dorothy was looking at and promptly choked.
“Sam came back two hours ago. He’s in the room next door – there’s some food leftover if you’re hungry,” he explained and Dean relaxed. He stretched and decided that food could wait until the morning. It was only then that he remembered what had woken him up in the first place.
When Dean had taken over the garage, he had quickly learnt that the old set of employees his father had hired were either no longer up to the job or were so difficult to work with that not much work got done anyway. The old receptionist, Martin, had been unwelcoming to new customers, and had been the first one Dean had let go after he got into a yelling match with a pair of twins who had just moved to the area. Bess had been a godsend for the business. With her welcoming personality and nerves of steel, she had helped gain new customers while also putting customers in their place when they became overwhelming without ever coming across as rude. She’d helped Dean rebuild the business, and if she now needed to have her daughter at the office for the day then Dean was only too happy to help out.
“Hey Cas.”
“Morning Jack,” he said, and the boy beamed at him. He glanced up and found Cas smiling at him. It wasn’t as bright as it had been the other night, but he was still watching Dean warmly. It was then that Dean remembered Sam who was still standing in the doorway. His brother was looking curiously between Dean and their neighbor and Dean could feel his embarrassment pooling in his cheeks.
“Of course, don’t despair,” Castiel teased. Dean slowly straightened up and watched the two for a moment as they smiled at each other. Castiel then turned, as if remembering Dean was there and Dean found himself on the receiving end of that warm smile once more.
The heat of Dean’s body pressed against Cas’s chest left him lightheaded. His pants were tight and his hands were roaming over Dean’s bare skin, gripping and kneading him as he went. His thumb brushing over Dean’s nipple left the hunter keening and bucking forward and Cas pulled him nearer, desperate to get closer to Dean.
“Alright,” Sam said loudly and they both turned to look at him. “Have fun guys, see you in a few hours. And Jack, you’re in charge.”
“Hello,” she said as she came to a stop beside Cas. “You must be Dean. I’ve heard so much about you. I’m Kelly, Jack’s mom.”
“No,” Cas reached out and grabbed his arm. Even through the several layers Dean was wearing he could feel the warmth of Cas’s hand. “I told you alright but I’ll say it again. You’re not dumb. You were just working with different information.”
21 Dec
“I can spare another minute,” Dean said quickly. Cas’s smile widened and Dean decided then that he had made the right decision. Cas led him to a nearby apartment door, saying over his shoulder how Jack must have been on his way home. He opened the door and entered the apartment, leaving the door open for Dean who slowly came in behind him. The space was neat and tidy. There were a lot of books and on a desk by the window lay a pile of notes beside a laptop. There was a large tv with a decent collection of movies and a small kitchen that came off the lounge area.
“Where do you want this one?” Dean turned to look behind him at Castiel and was startled to see how close the other man was. His eyes really were a shocking blue.
“Alright,” he said, trying to ignore how Jack’s sudden blinding grin made his own lips want to turn up. He let Jack pull up another bunch of flowers before he turned Jack around and began to lead him back along the street.
“Cas,” he gasped, reaching out to run his hands down Cas’s arms. Cas’s hand fell against Dean’s hip and Dean felt his resolve weaken. “Me too,” he forced out, even as his gaze caught on Cas’s lips. They had reddened under Dean’s attention, and he longed to taste them again.
The end of the movie came around quickly after that and it was only as the credits began to roll that Dean remembered the apple pie.
Once they were back, Dean sent Sam off to study and turned the tv on for Jack. He’d managed to find some DVDs pushed to the back of the cabinet that were suitable for kids and, after a moment’s hesitation, he sat down next to the kid to join him as they watched the Mystery Inc gang head into another obviously haunted castle.
13 Dec
She held out a hand and Dean moved automatically, shaking it despite how blank his mind had become. She had a pretty smile, and he could see the resemblance between her and Jack. She moved back to Cas’s side as Jack detached himself from Dean’s leg. They made the perfect family picture, Dean thought. Cas had turned to look down at Kelly, offering to get her a drink while Jack bounced next to them, beaming up at the sight of his parents reunited.
Dean looked down and saw the barista was holding his phone out to him.
Dean wasn’t surprised to see the queue winding through the coffee shop when he stepped inside on Wednesday. Outside was bitterly cold and everyone was wrapped up in coats and scarves. Dean himself was wearing a green monstrosity his brothers’ girlfriend, Eileen, had made him last year when she’d attempted learn knitting. As ugly as it was, it was damn thick and helped when the winds were at the coldest.
“If you need me for anything that’s my mobile number and the library’s number,” he explained, and Sam nodded.
“Dude, I already said it’s cool. We’ll be good, right Jack?” he turned to the young boy who was bouncing eagerly beside Cas.
“Cut it out, you two,” he called out and they both swung around. Something like relief crossed Benny’s face while Gordon just seemed to become more amused.
It wasn’t long after that that an impromptu dance floor was set up. Charlie, Stevie, Jo, and Ash quickly claimed it as theirs, and Donna gleefully dragged Dean out onto it after he lost to her over another round of shots. It turned out that neither of them were very good dancers. Donna was laughing too hard to put much thought into her moves, and Dean had had enough that he was edging into drunk territory. A sudden twist caused him to lose his balance and he grabbed hold of Donna’s arm to hold himself up. She was giggling as she propped him up and Dean grinned at her as Sam spun Eileen around next to them.
“Good job, kiddo,” he said, ruffling Jack’s hair as he walked past. He paused after a few steps, realizing what he’d done, but when he looked over he saw Jack beaming up at him. Cas’s lips were also turned up. “You ready to watch Star Wars?” he asked instead.
Dean looked down at the plate still in his hands and when he looked up he saw Cas was frowning. He forced a smile and Cas squeezed his shoulder.
Dean had suddenly leapt to his feet and now Cas was staring at him in confusion. That small frown was back on his face and Dean really shouldn’t have been thinking about how adorable he looked.
‘Hurry up,’ he said, bending down to grab Dean’s shirt which he threw at him before he grabbed his coats and the bag of fruit. He leaned around Dean to dump them on one of those infernal chairs before he turned back to Dean who had pulled his shirt back on.
“No. I could never regret Jack.”
“You’ll be alright?” he asked and the woman nodded. “Thank you, Duma.”
An hour later found all three of them getting into the Impala and leaving the motels car park, finally on their way home. Cas had barely spoken since he’d come out of the bathroom, merely insisting he was fine before falling silent and ignoring the rest of their questions. Dean found himself glancing at Cas in the rear view mirror every few seconds until he caught Sam watching him and he then stubbornly turned his eyes to the road.
“I’ve got a few more minutes,” Dean said with a smile. “I thought today was your day off.”
“Oh.” The quiet sound of surprise pulled him out of his self-inflicted reprimands. He looked over in time to see a faint blush steal across Castiel’s tanned cheeks as he surveyed the mess surrounding them. “That’s very kind of you but you don’t need to worry.”
“C’mon, Dean,” Sam called out to him and Dean shot him a look. His brother had stopped a few paces away and was watching the scene before him with obvious delight. Promising himself that he’d make Sam pay for this, Dean reached up and tucked the flower behind his ear.
“Unless you’re busy.”
“Was there something you wanted, Dean?” he asked and Dean winced. He took a deep breath and looked away from Cas instead focusing on the room behind him as he thought of something to say.
“First round’s on us,” Ellen said, bringing three bottles over to them. She leaned against the table and looked over the scene with amusement while Sam thanked her.
By the time his lunch break came around Dean’s nerves were slipping and if it wasn’t for Bobby glaring at Dean for lingering around the front desk he probably would have chickened out. As it was, he found himself hurrying along the street and ducking inside the blissfully warm coffee shop within minutes.
His hand reached out and latched onto the ascot and tugged Dean closer. He didn’t pull him all the way in, but close enough that he could feel Dean’s quickened breath against his face, could just see the way Dean’s eyes widened before they closed and it was that – seeing those green eyes suddenly hidden from view – that pushed Cas over the edge.
“We’re gonna have to play pool,” he finally said, and Cas laughed in delight. The sound seemed to draw Jack’s attention as the little boy left his game and reappeared by the table.
He looked down in alarm, his mind already full of cut hands and teary eyes only to find Jack holding a rather battered looking yellow weed out to Dean. Sam snorted and pushed past them, continuing down the street towards the bakery that was now in sight. Dean was subsequently left staring down at Jack, feeling rather lost as to what to do.
By the time he reached the garage, however, his mood had plummeted as he was now faced with the fact that he had all but asked Cas out to his brother’s party. Sweet and funny Cas, who was off limits. Dean buried his face in his hands and groaned. What the fuck had he been thinking?
The next morning Dean was woken abruptly by Sam throwing open their door and loudly proclaiming it was time for them to get up. Dean glared at where his brother stood by the now open window. The sight of the paper bag in Sam’s hands gave Dean enough incentive to force himself upright.
“Thank you for looking after him today,” he said. His voice was solemn and whereas Dean would normally crack a joke he now found himself oddly reluctant to break the heavy spell that seemed to have fallen across the apartment.
“Dean. I was so alone for so much of my life. Kelly and Jack gave me a family but you’ve given me more, more than I ever thought I could have.”
“For you,” the boy said, and Dean watched as his brother took hold of the paper and smoothed it out. Jack had drawn a rather lop-sided tree that had green and purple leaves. Dean snorted and quickly coughed as Jack looked over at him.
“Ah,” Dean hesitated as he glanced over at Cas. “Have here.” Anna grinned but thankfully didn’t say anything and Dean shuffled off to find a table.
“And this, Jack,” Dean said seriously to the little boy, “is a haven of fun.”
, Dean thought. Clearly, sometime in the last few minutes he’d lost control of his mouth and it was now determined to dig a hole for him to fall into.
“I love pancakes,” he announced as he rushed into the kitchen. Dean saw Sam roll his eyes, but he moved away and let the subject drop much to Dean’s relief. Dean allowed himself a moment to close his eyes and let the sudden shock of seeing Cas again wash over him before he forced himself to push it all down and turn to the young boy who was looking at the pancake batter eagerly.
“No, he’s here with—”
It took them so long that the cake had long since cooled and Dean quickly made up the icing which he carefully spread on the cake before he slid the cake into a large container for transport. Charlie had once more bagged up the decorations and Sam was waiting by the door for them. They were running behind schedule and quickly organized themselves before they headed out for the Roadhouse where Ellen had graciously let them claim a corner of the bar for their group. She had even consented, after much begging from Dean, to let them choose the music for the bar.
“Jack wasn’t planned. He was born at the end of my bachelor’s degree. I considered leaving my education at that, but his mother, Kelly, convinced me to continue. I completed my master’s and then I left school rather than going for my PhD, which was my original goal.” Cas’s hand moved so his fingers now played with Jack’s blonde hair, and Dean stared at him even as his stomach lurched at the mention of Kelly. “I tried to find work, but I couldn’t wait around to find something in my field. I had to take anything I could to support the three of us. I admit to… wondering sometimes about what could have been but…” Cas smiled down at Jack and Dean felt something crack in his chest at the sight of it.
“Okay, what the hell is up with this moping schtick of yours?” Jo demanded, but Dean shook his head. There was no way he was going to tell her. She’d tease him before calling Charlie, who was the last person he needed knowing about his fucked-up feelings.
“Don’t worry, here’s your sad excuse of an omelet.” He pushed the plate toward his brother and watched in disgust as he dug in. He turned away from the travesty in front of him and tucked into his decent breakfast with enthusiasm.
Dean risked a glance at Cas and found him beaming back at Dean, brighter than the sun.
“What?” Dean asked, and normally he would have winced at how light his voice came out, as though all the air had left his lungs just before he spoke but right now he couldn’t care less, not with Cas looking at him, a hint of worry lurking at the edges of his eyes.
Dean watched as he walked back to the counter until he vanished through a doorway that probably led to the kitchen. It was only when his phone alerted him to a new message that he looked away.
To his surprise, Cas was now staring down at his tea intently, and Dean realised with dread, that it was up to him to begin the conversation. The only problem was that he honestly had no idea how to start. His thoughts drifted to Kelly across the hall and wondered what she’d say if Cas went home without any progress being made. She’d probably march across the hall herself and spell it all out for them both.
“You want some pancakes buddy?”
“And they just ditched you with all of this cr—uh, stuff?”
“I’m sorry,” Cas began. “It’s just… I thought we were getting along and then…”
“Anytime,” he said, rising to the bait but before he could regret his agreement a delighted look crossed Cas’s face. Dean smiled at him, feeling rather helpless as he did so, until Jack suddenly ran over to them.
“Hey, Cas.”
“Definitely,” he hastened to say and the barista’s relief was almost palpable.
“Don’t play dumb, boy. You have barely had your lunch break here for the past few weeks and now you’re suddenly desperate to spend your break drinking this crappy coffee?”
That was the first night he’d found himself with his arms around Cas who shook for the first few minutes before he just slumped against Dean’s chest. It had happened a few times since; brief and broken conversations full of horrifying images, of fire and needles and sharp teeth.
“Thank you for helping me,” Cas said, and Dean flashed him a smile.
“While you were in college?” Cas asked shrewdly, and Dean nodded.
“Figured the kid shouldn’t miss out just ’cause he fell asleep.”
‘It suits you,’ he said, his voice lower than he’d meant but it caught Dean’s attention, his gaze snapping back to Cas.
“What are we thinking for dinner then? I think I could really go for—hey!”
really good. He looked back over at the coffee machine and saw, to his horror, the red head was leaning against the counter and chatting with the barista. He was passing her two mugs piled high with whipped cream and marshmallows. His cheeks darkened at whatever the waitress was saying before he turned back to coffee machine. The waitress laughed as she walked away and so Dean was the only one to see the barista look back at her, a thoughtful expression on his face.
“Is this alright?” Cas asked, his voice low and Dean turned to face him, his own lips curling up into a smile.
“Maybe we should slow down,” Cas said, and Dean bit back a groan at how rough Cas’s voice was. He closed his eyes and breathed deeply for a moment before he pushed himself upright.
“Too late,” Dean grinned just as Sam’s phone lit up on the coffee table.
“Yeah, I’m sorry, I meant to call but—” Bess began but Dean cut her off.
“Hello, Dean.”
He opened a new tweet directed at beewatcher and their stupidly cute bee emoji (who needed to many bees in their name anyway?) and quickly typed out a message. He smirked as he hit tweet and then read over it once more.
“I wasn’t able to finish today’s report,” she explained while Dean dragged the monitor forward to check the cables at the back. After a few minutes, Dean bit back a curse and leant back in the desk chair.
“Nice look,” Sam smirked as they neared.
He looked over and saw Castiel was staring at him, the smile he’d been wearing most of the night nowhere to be seen. Instead, he looked rather surprised, his blue eyes wide and staring at Dean.
‘Cas, what? What is it?’ Dean’s voice rose with worry and his arms tightened around Cas, holding him rather than clinging to him though. They were both breathing heavily and Cas waited until his breathing was back under control, trying to ignore how badly he wanted to continue and instead he pulled back to glare at Dean.
“No problem,” he managed to get out. He stared at Cas for a long moment and found his gaze slipping, almost unconsciously, down to Cas’s lips. They looked soft and inviting, and it took a lot for Dean to drag his gaze back up to Cas’s eyes. He wasn’t sure but it seemed as though Cas’s eyes had widened a little, and his smile fell away. Dean swallowed harshly and gestured wildly towards his apartment.
“Well,” Cas began and he could only be described as defensive now, with his shoulders hunched and a frown on his face. “You said it first, I thought I should reciprocate tonight.”
“I’ll see you tomorrow then, Dean.”
I also want to thank the Pinefest mods
14 Dec
“Apparently the movers' workday was over and so they left half an hour ago,” Castiel explained. Dean frowned as they made their way back into the main room.
“Wait.” Cas interrupted before Dean could hit play. “I thought this was the first one?”
Dean retreated to a table and, as customary these days, pulled out his phone. He kept one eye on Cas while he let twitter load. He glanced down and saw beewatcher had already posted.
With their eyes on the clock they rushed to set up the decorations. Between the three of them they managed it in half an hour and when they were done Sam was left shaking his head at Ellen’s raised eyebrow.
Dean’s voice from the doorway was a bit breathy, as though his barely hidden relief had sucked the air out of his lungs. Cas stood up, bag tucked against him once more and looked over at him, noting the red ascot still in place.
“Good,” Cas smiled, looking very pleased. “Have a good night, Dean.”
Donna’s smile slipped as she caught sight of something over Dean’s shoulder which caused Dean to turn around. He was instantly met with the sight of an angry looking Cas. His blue eyes were narrowed and his lips were pressed tightly together. Despite the obvious anger in his face, Dean still ached to reach out for him. He didn’t say anything, but instead met Dean’s gaze for a few seconds before he turned away and walked out of the diner, Kelly and Jack following behind him. Kelly looked worried, and Jack looked back and slowly waved to Dean, as though he wasn’t sure if he was allowed to.
‘Cas? What…’ he trailed off, his voice tight and Cas looked up at him, his fingers still brushing against the silky fabric before they slipped away. They were standing closer together now, or at least that’s how it felt to Cas. The room felt smaller and Cas could feel his elbow pressed against Dean’s arm.
Dean didn’t bother to respond but instead began pouring the cake batter into a tin. He turned away and put the cake in the oven and made a fuss over setting the timer in order to buy himself time. Charlie appeared to be waiting patiently for him to turn back to him. He could feel her gaze fixed on the back of his head as he bent down to check, rather unnecessarily, that the cake was positioned in the prime spot for baking.
Seeing his escape, Dean followed. Benny raised an eyebrow at him but didn’t say anything as Dean began shuffling the pizza boxes around on the bench. There was Sam’s gross veggie pizza pushed to the far end of the bench and then Charlie and Stevie’s favorite cheese, ham and mushroom. Then the two pepperonis, and finally a bacon supreme and a loaf of garlic bread.
“What are you doing this weekend?” Cas asked, and Dean could feel his determination, so strong a second ago, melt away under Cas’s gaze.
“I still loved baking and whenever I did do it, I was good at it. When I finished high school I wanted to become a pastry chef. Dad expected me to stay and join the garage with him, but I didn’t want that. So, after I graduated, I left. Went to Ohio and studied there for almost four years. I still spoke to Bobby and Sam, but Dad wouldn’t talk to me.”
“Uh, thanks.” Dean pushed around the last bit of his pie on his plate. There was an opening in the conversation, an opening that had made itself known several times for Dean over the years. He’d never taken it before but now, sitting with Cas, he found the leap wasn’t so terrifying.
“Rest in peace,” Ash said as the screen went dark, and Dean sighed and scrubbed at his face before turning back to his office. He changed out of his coveralls and grabbed his bag and a folder in which he kept a hard copy of the garage’s finances.
“Is she always like—”
He looked around and saw the exact moment Cas spotted him. The barista looked as if he was training someone new; a young girl with blonde hair twisted into a braid. She looked rather angry and resentful as Cas tried to explain something concerning the milk. He stopped talking, however, when he saw Dean and Dean knew he’d made the right decision in coming in today. A smile lit up Cas’s face that was clear from across the room and Dean smiled back. The young girl caught sight of this exchange and rolled her eyes.
He decided to take it slow for the morning and made omelets for breakfast; yolks and all for him and a sad egg-whites only one for Sam. He’d just finished plating them when Sam emerged from his bedroom.
If he had a new neighbor that he was expected to try and actually act like a real human around then it would definitely need to wait till tomorrow. Which meant navigating this hallway without ending up on the floor. He pushed off from the wall and started treading past the mountains of boxes and had almost made it when his elbow knocked against one of the stacks and almost brought it down on him. He threw his arms out and caught the box that had toppled off the top, sending him staggering into his apartment door.
“So,” Dean said after a long silence where they stood there staring at one another, smiles slowly growing on their faces.
