When the sound of his doorbell rang through the greenhouse, Cas sighed heavily and placed down his trowel “Please just be the postman” he mumbled but the doorbell rang again, quite insistently this time and with a shake of his head he admitted defeat.
Lying back, he took in the sun streaming through the foliage and smiled happily as a cloud scuttled across the sun.
The sizzle of snow was louder now as the volume of flakes increased. The breeze had strengthened once again and was spinning the snow in flurries and eddies around Dean and Cas as they walked along. Dean could feel them catching on his eyebrows and looked over at Cas who was similarly affected.
Dean, for his part, just stared at the perfectly toned ass before a shout from Jo kicked his brain back into gear. He arrived back at the table and Jo just groaned.
Dean floundered around for a comeback. "Yeah...well...don't uh, don't cut yourself on that, er" he offered lamely
Cas' hair was never neat at the best of times but out here, exposed to the wind and snow with no hat like Dean had, it was twisted and mussed into a veritable bird's nest. The dark locks were also interspersed with white dots and Dean had a sudden image of Cas aging and gaining permanent white specks. His stomach lurched at the thought.
Dean gingerly threaded the T-shirt into the desired space taking a moment to realise that it was his AC/DC one that he'd been looking for all week and would likely not be available any time soon.
“And who’s fault is that?” Castiel snapped “You threw me out Dean. I thought this was what you wanted”
He watched with fascination as Cas picked up a pillow and subjected it to intense scrutiny before placing it a few inches to his left. He returned to the pile and only a few seconds later, began repeating his ritual.
Surreptitiously he looked out of the corner of his eye but saw nothing. Allowing his eye to wander back to the path in front he immediately caught another flicker, this one slower. Again, he looked out of the corner of his eye but saw nothing.
Castiel smirked and thumped the headboard again with his fist. Gabriel sniffed and fake wiped away a tear before clapping him on the shoulder
A flicker of sadness momentarily passed over Jo’s face followed by a shaky smile “Yeah she would be, and she’d be disappointed it took you this long to ask a guy out. Where’s your confidence Winchester?”
If Cas did choose to fall and went to heaven when he was dead, he was pretty damn sure that this would be his.
“That’s the sixth time you’ve sighed in fifteen minutes Dean'' Sam muttered, not looking up from the huge tome on his lap “You’ve been rolling around on that sofa for ages, languishing. Go do something. I’m trying to read”
“It’s an old Milton custom. We must abide by it, my dearest,” says his Alpha. He's so poor at sounding innocent that Dean outright starts laughing at the badly attempted excuse.
humanly possible... He turns to the Kitchens next and it’s even worse. The place is in shambles, the crockery in pieces, the cabinets smashed down and a lone knife lying astray on the kitchen floor.
What exactly am I supposed to say to her? That I wanted the opportunity to shout at someone? That I wanted to be the aggressive one, for once? That I wanted to be the one to push
But what’s interesting is the fact that Cas has never given Dean any flowers – the traditional courting gift. Instead, his Mate has brought him giant plants, several of them yes(!), up in their room from the Gardens out – solely because the so called ‘cold and unfeeling’ Lord of the Castle didn’t have the heart to pluck flowers as,
“Our little lord Michael, the eldest, inherited the Milton Manor down south, along with the Milton Mills. That’s where he lives now, handles most of the family funds too. He sometimes visits though, once a year, to see our Little Lord that is,” continues Joshua,
Of course I feel it, but that’s just me being my weaker self, looking for a shoulder to lean on, looking for a warm embrace, looking for someone’s fingers to run through my hair perhaps. I am sure it’s got nothing to do with Dean. It’s just me and my prolonged single-hood playing the villain here. It was my need and vulnerability that’s been stopping me all these weeks from confronting this man and demanding that he leave me alone already. I need to revisit my priorities as soon as possible and that cannot be done until Dean’s left.
But I couldn’t control the small whimpers from escaping my throat, of course... I didn’t know what was going on. It was only natural, the pain.
Dean’s begun to realize that he’s way out of his depth at the moment and he should’ve instead pestered Cas more about his never ending family tree because this condensed version is going right over his head. The horrifically grim paintings of several thousand Miltons inside the castle are already enough to keep him up all night, but now actually getting the run-down from Joshua of each of those dead-eyed wealthy suckers is getting him all queasy and funny.
But then Dean left us alone and her face changed... morphed into something akin to Gabe’s big brother face.
As woolly-headed as he is now, Dean is somewhat aware of repeating his husband’s name again and again. Partly conscious of the hold slightly loosening. Only just awake to hear a gasp from the other end, of those large hands retreating. And in the next moment he keels over in a loud thud.
. So, no surprises there, really. Of course Cas must’ve been worried sick. But it’s not like Dean knew that it would take them over 2 hours just to reach civilization from this godforsaken castle, did he? Now all he can do is just walk up to his husband and ask for forgiveness. And grovel a bit, maybe. On the bright side he already has the presents to begin with the conciliation process, right!
Dean’s acutely aware of his position but he doesn’t care one bit when the Alpha’s talented tongue replaces his fingers. He tries to clutch onto the cabinet-handles for support but gives up soon as his Alpha shoves his knees apart and spreads his cheeks further, his fingers digging in, sure to leave angry marks in their trail. Dean’s gasps turn into throaty cries while the Alpha carries on with his lapping and sucking and nibbling and the probing sweeps of his tongue, no doubt gorging on Dean’s unabated slick. He’s a moaning mess within minutes, the cleaning entirely forgotten.
It feels like that day again. I think Gabe hasn’t forgotten about the fight as well. He’s still shouting about Uncle Zach and asking Mother to let him take me somewhere. I think I’d like to go with Gabe. He makes me those sweet candy things sometimes when Mother isn’t home. She doesn’t seem too thrilled at his suggestion though.
Well, if that’s how the cookie crumbles... At least I will have something sweet to look forward to at the end of the day. Until this week ends..
I don’t really welcome this new capability of thinking on my own.. This responsibility to make choices, decisions.. Just makes me more anxious. And on top of it, Bal is always there to encourage me to,
Another thing Dean loathes is the unflappable calm on the handsome face in front of him. He abhors the sheer control his husband has on things, on his impenetrable scent and inscrutable countenance. On everything, actually. Especially on Dean’s life. But this is
Dean reckons that the Beta Gardener will not be much difficult to locate, even if this godforsaken castle was filled with 50 other people. He has an owlish and solemn air around him, like some sage who will tell Dean to have faith in the lord above, and that ‘obstinacy and skepticism never gets you anywhere my child’, and will definitely advise him to eat healthier, high fiber meals. Apart from that, he’s also perpetually carrying his shears, so there’s that for easy recognition.
I don’t really appreciate Dean’s sleep addled extra gruff voice and especially when he’s ordering me around. In my own house.
He takes a long look at his husband’s face - the flushed cheeks, puffy eyes, red nose, probably runny too and the tear tracks... Dean desperately wants to see those gorgeous pair of blues again, perhaps to calm himself somewhat, but his husband doesn’t look up even once. In fact Cas pointedly ignores meeting his eyes at all, his head resolutely ducked down. Evading.
“Omega,” she says again, almost exasperated, but not quite so. “They say that he comes out at night, all horned and winged, and then he
Dean’s never known to be a patient soul, among his other shortcomings. And so after a week of this mated life, he’s begun to get restless. Not to say that he’s got bored of his Mate, it’s quite the opposite really. The only time he’s not fidgety is when he’s with his Alpha. Whether it’s him being knotted for 4 times in 10 hours, or him waking up to an oil massage from his Alpha for the aches he’s yet to feel after an especially heated night, or him waking up to his Alpha with a breakfast tray full of porridge and fruits and juice, or his Alpha serving Dean first before serving himself, or his Alpha hand-feeding him while simultaneously tucking his hair back, or him just sitting beside his Mate while the blue-eyed man reads some brick-thick book and plays with Dean’s toes.
I know I shouldn’t, but I am still feeling apologetic for ruining her night. And even for Mike to some extent... The guy probably isn’t such a “douche-bag”. And it’s not like he forced himself on me. I know what
They’re the symbol of a fighter after all, of a protector, of bravery, and Dean’s not one to hold someone’s courage in disdain.
I will. But I am not leaving because of this shitty excuse of you not being ‘worthy’, okay. Its bullshit and you know its bullshit. I’m happy with you, more than I’ve ever been in a long long time. Cas, if you find it... me annoying or I don’t know, clingy... I’ll leave, I’ll leave right now, and I’ll give you space, I’ll give you time... Anything you want. We can work out the details, no big deal. But I’m staying
And whose life is perfect, after all! They’ve got a few issues. Issues can be solved. With time. It’s quite simple, really. It’s just that Dean doesn’t think he’s ready yet for the confrontation he knows is inevitable between Cas and him. Things are good at the moment. And they’re going to remain that way, Dean will make sure. No need to disturb the balance here.
So he does and there sit heavily on his palm an enormous bunch of keys, all different in sizes, some skeletal and ancient, some massive and monstrous, some sleek and tiny, most of them rusty, especially the largest one, ornate and rusty.
“Yeah, but consider this, baby bro.. Why call us then? Is there a will? And even if there is one, why would it mention us mere mortals.. Me, the black sheep, the rebel, the revolutionary and You, the gay one. It makes no sense.”
“Mm..? Oh, I didn’t realize I was on your side. We were too tired after.. so I just. Come on, roll over to this side if you wanna..”
Oh, my hands are trembling as well... breathe in, breathe out, breathe in... this is not helping. Should... Should I call Meg...
. Witnessing things happening – to other people, and to me, mostly to me. There is this sense of having no handle whatsoever on either the actions or their consequences. It’s like being subject to
“Why are you here, Michael?” growls Cas, towering over the other Alpha, instinctively putting Dean out of sight.
Lost in the familiar warmth of his gorgeous new Mate and his fascinating tales about Foxgloves and Gold Yarrows and Snowdrops, Dean almost didn’t notice the carriage trudging up a cobbled path, finally pull up and come to a halt. He raises his head from the crook of his husband’s neck and eyes out at the lonely road. All he can see is a mammoth iron-gate in the evening hue because the plane beyond that is shrouded in mist. He wonders if he should’ve taken Lady Talbot’s advice on his wardrobe.
“Hey, hey, hey. No, it’s not. Babe, no. Cas, look at me. No, Cas. CAS! Stop. You’ll hurt yourself, baby, stop. Cas, please-“
to listen. They must keep up the charade. They must remember to display that small shiver, must remember to lower their eyes, must remember to bow down their heads, and they must remember to maintain the humbug of Omega Obedience.
And so I frequently find myself being subject to his casual touches here and there. Or a sudden embrace from behind with a complementary kiss on the temple. Or some part of his body continuously touching some part of mine... like our feet propped up on the coffee table, like his toes teasing my ankle under the dining table, or him just straight up laying his head in my lap.
. Can’t do that. Not now. Focus. Could just sit here and listen to.. Dean’s playing rather somber music today than usual, unlike the regular shouty ones... which means he’s working in the kitchen right now, probably baking another one of his delicacies.. not working on his monster-car. But,
To catch the lie he shifts his entire focus on the Alpha, stepping a bit closer to the man, trying to get a proper read on him. He takes a long look at his husband’s wooden face and slowly realizes that he’s no longer feeling so confident about knowing his Alpha.
Apologies for being sooo late. Life and health kind of got in the way lol. But here it is finally and I swear to Jack the next one will be up shortly.
“Look, I’m not here to fix you or some shit, okay Cas. I’m here ‘cause I wanna be here. ‘cause I wanna stay with you. ‘cause I like it here. With you, that is. And I thought you liked it too. With me. But I guess I’ve annoyed you, at last. It’s okay, though. You don’t gotta let me stay any longer, ‘kay. If you want me outta your hair right at this moment, then I’ll do that. But I’m not gonna let you think that it was some misplaced pity or savoir complex shit keeping me here. ‘cause you’re wrong... so wrong.”
“Uh, I just realized that you’re the only one who calls him that... Castiel. By his name. And not Lord Milton or something, like everyone else does.”
The moment those wrought iron gates opened, a twinge of disquiet fell upon him. A kind of uneasiness sweeping over without warning and Dean realized for the first time how...
. A mix of guilt, frustration, shame, fury and love - held back. Dean opens his mouth, ready to quip, to be witty or rude, ready to say something, anything, but words just escape him. Eventually it’s Cas who breaks the silence, barely.
Once a week usually they go out horse riding. Primarily sticking to the northern hills and the woods at first. Then a few weeks later they leave for the main village, much to Dean’s surprise! Cas decidedly does
He never put much stock in the romantic tales of fantasy, where the Alpha’s scent would somehow stop the bleeding wounds of their Omegas, or where the Omega’s scent would inexplicably cure their Alphas of fatal ailments. Because that’s what they were, a fantasy. But being clamped inside this dreadful creation of engineering, Dean has finally concluded that all of those fantasies were absolutely true! It’s solely his Alpha’s scent and his tender but gruff voice that’s kept him sane, all the while there were unexplored cities and quaint villages and uncharted mountains right outside his window.
"Your wings!" Dean spluttered "Dude, I mean I knew you had them, angel of the Lord and whatnot but they've only ever been shadows before. Why can I see them now?"
Now, Dean alternated between moodily tracing designs in the spilled drink and staring over at the bar until Jo slapped him on the back of the head and proclaimed that he would either liven up or so help me Dean, everyone in this bar will know about Rhonda Hurley, I swear to god.
“Just apple” Dean grinned “I figured simple was best and you can’t go wrong with the classics right?”
Practically his polar opposite was a boy named Dean Winchester. Born into this world on a chilly winter day saw his parents saddled with a veritable hell raiser. Dean was a sweet kid and a momma's boy through and through, but once out of her sight, he wreaked havoc on the neighbourhood. As a toddler he frequently ran off and couldn't sit still to save his life, as a child he stayed still only long enough to be fed before racing off to do, as his parents sighed "God-Kows-What". When he hit his teenage years he calmed slightly with the arrival of his younger brother Sam. Fiercely protective of his family, Dean was not to be crossed. If you wronged him or his brother, he would find you and you'd know about it. Impetuous, temperamental and fiercely loyal. That was Dean.
“We always have choice” Castiel’s voice had returned to its customary tone and pitch “That’s what all this was about”
When Cas had agreed to letting him see his wings, Dean had entered a slight state of disbelief. He honestly didn't think it would be so easy but nevertheless, out there was Cas willing to bare his wings for Dean's curiosity. Dean kept his eyes glued to his back already taking the individual shimmers that were already manifesting. Cas turned and faced Dean then rolled his shoulders and mother of god, Dean watched open mouthed as two sunbeams bent around him and kept growing. Out and out they spread and wow. They freaking massive. Looking at the very tips Dean estimated maybe 17 feet at least. Dean objectively knew that Cas was an angel but knowing and seeing proof were two entirely different things altogether.
Dean walked out next to Castiel, still holding hands and made his way towards his brother. Sam smirked when he caught sight of Dean but switched to confusion at the man by his side
A few hours later the door banged open and a guy about Dean’s age stalked through carrying a basket.. He spared the guy a brief glance, eyes lingering on the dirty trenchcoat before returning to his book. With any luck he’d be in and out quickly.Dean registered the soft thunk of the basket being set down and the quiet shuffle of clothes moving but instead of the click of the machine door, the rustling continued. It went on for several minutes in fact and Dean was curious. The guy had only had a single basket of darks, it shouldn’t have taken this long.
Sam would seek refuge in the library. There was an old, paisley-patterned armchair hidden in an alcove near the back. If you didn’t know of its existence you’d walk right past it. Sam made use of this by gathering an armload of books and holing up there with a mug of tea. If the silence got too loud, he’d be found in the gym trying to exercise his demons.
Since moving into the bunker with them, Cas had mostly hidden himself away in the library. Apparently angels liked reading. You’d think that for beings that had been around since time began, they’d know everything there was but apparently not. Every so often, either Dean or Sam would bring a cup of tea to the angel and receive a murmured thanks. Cas did leave the library in the evenings though. He’d come out for dinner then sit in the common area with the brothers and either watch movies with Dean or read quietly to himself.
The crunching was all that was to be heard as the two trekked on, leaving the path behind them to be slowly devoured by the snow. Each step that he took away from the bunker left a peculiar feeling of contentment in Dean’s chest. He hadn’t realised he had cabin fever until now and was pleased to be rid of it. Beside him, Dean heard Cas inhale deeply, obviously appreciating the change of scenery as much as Dean.
It was an accepted fact that one did not see colour until they met their soul mate Until then they lived their lives completely iin monochrome. Some people met their soul mate when they started school, others met them in the new neighbour and some just lived in black and white forever. There was no guarantee that you'd ever see in colour.
Long ago, Dean had once made the mistake of comparing angels to birds commenting that “They both have wings don’t they?”
As rooms went, this was a good one. It was considerably warmer than the rest of the building and hopefully the humming of the machines would inspire him to study.  It was a long shot but he was desperate.He made his way in and decided to take a seat on one of the dryers at the back. Hopping up, he scooted back and settled in to read.
Acting quickly, Sam pulled out his phone and took several pictures before moving on. He briefly considered waking them but decided against it. Dean hadn't slept properly in far too long and Cas was actually smiling.
“Well that’s a relief” Dean laughed as he took the mug from Cas with a nod and took a sip “You know, it’s been such a long day that I don’t even care that it’s a bit too hot at the moment. It’s hits the spot”
“Your sacrifice is appreciated man” Dean smirked “Oh! Popcorn's done. Go set up the couch, I’ll be in in a minute”
Castiel rolled his eyes good-naturedly, then winked at Dean before holding out his hand “I swear they have the worst timing. Alright, hand over the digits. You’ll definitely be hearing from me”
"I gotta say Cassie" he snorted "That was a delicious piece of revenge. I never knew you had it in you, you rebel you! I'm proud"
Here, with his wings fully extended soaking up the sun and feeling the admiration from his best friend, he could almost forget what was happening out in the world. For a brief moment he felt, he felt. Again Castiel had to reach into his memory banks to locate the right emotion and finally placed it as contentment. He was content. Castiel hummed, that had a nice ring to it.
reaction was hard to hide, even for the stone-faced man. With his curiosity in the saddle now, he’s on his way to find out which one is it. Although the Alpha indisputably discarded his offer for help in setting up the lodgings and said,
And then there’s the fact that he’s seemed to be loved by everyone.. Of course such a vibrant and beautiful human being such as himself is bound to be socially accepted rather quickly.
Does Dean really look like an obvious town destitute!? But he’s wearing the frilly rich-folks’ shirt that Lady Talbot forced on him! Or is it the freckles? Good God! Lady Hanscum always told him to lessen his time out in the sun! Or is his scent too horrendous? No, he thinks it’s sufficiently decent and even his Alpha seems to enjoy his scent an adequate amount. Well, whatever it might be, it shouldn’t be an issue for long as Dean firmly believes that he’s adorable enough to win every living n' breathing being over.
He’s everything Mother despises. He’s loud – both in his voice and his clothes. He has a rather... peculiar taste in colors for a 13 year old. He doesn’t get ‘good enough’ grades in Mother’s opinion, although I personally think his scores are pretty decent for the constant ruckus he causes at the school – even though I am 5 years his junior, his ‘tricks’ are well known in my grade as well. Gabe does everything he’s specifically told not to. But the thing Mother detests the most about him is the slurping noises he’s currently making at the table. It has always been crystal clear to everyone in our immediate vicinity that Mother draws the line at less-than-impeccable table manners.
, and then went to see Lady Milligan, I’m sure. Don’t worry. Just promise me that when he reaches out to you, you’ll do everything in your power to make peace. For me, please. Swear on me.”
So, when he took the liberty to say certain things and touch, that too in her absence... that liberty was not appreciated by Meg... which is also understandable. Arguing with yourself in your own head. This is rather difficult.
Without thinking Dean brings those still shivering hands closer and leaves a lingering open mouthed kiss over the dried blood. Dean distinctly notices the slight shudder and the lone tear trickling down Cas’ cheek at that kiss but doesn’t comment on it. He’s well aware that the hand holding is clearly one-sided, Cas making absolutely no attempt to reciprocate, still visibly uncomfortable at the touch, but Dean refuses to let go.
It was later that evening when the sound of the doorbell rang through the house again. Cas didn’t even bother to put down his book. Maybe if he sat quietly the person would give up and leave? It was past dark anyway, who would be calling at this time- Unless it was one of Dean’s visitors in urgent need who thought Cas was the witch. With a groan, Cas pulled himself off the couch. He’d be a good Samaritan. It was fine.
“Well if you’re sure” Mary insisted “I guess we better leave you boys to it before we miss our train” At this last remark, she called over her shoulder again and a flustered John Winchester came into view dragging a suitcase behind him
Sam sighed bitterly. You couldn't escape it. No matter how far you ran or how well you hid, something would always turn up and drag you back. Sam was resigned now but saw no point in stewing. He'd make the best of a bad situation and get on with it. He didn't have to be thrilled, he just had to deal with it.
“D-do you really mean that? Dean I screwed up so much, I teamed up with the King of Hell behind your back, I was cast out from heaven, do you really mean all of that? I’m a failure of an angel and a disgrace to my Father”
He leaned back and closed his eyes again enjoying the sounds of humanity around him. How anyone could dislike humans was beyond him. Sure they had bad points, they were selfish, they killed often and hated freely but they also had many good ones. They were curious, always seeking the secrets of the universe and their capacity for love, for faith and for hope even after they had been hurt never ceased to surprise him. He could see why Anna chose to fall and it scared him slightly. What if he one day did that, willingly cut himself off from heaven and have a life on earth. Live maybe fifty or sixty years before succumbing to death?
Dean grinned sheepishly, chagrined. "Sorry Jo he's just, ugh" he apologised and then as an afterthought added "And you'd be blessed to touch this face with your hands, let alone lips"
Dean fixed his gaze on the side of Castiel’s head. “We all need solitude until we don’t. You’ve been alone too long already”
A quick expression flitted across Dean's face too fast for human eyes to see. Castiel luckily, was not a human for all his appearance and caught the grin for what it was. This was why Castiel could watch the man for so long. His heart was so big that he was always feeling something. There was no end to the expressions. Cas counted 700 one night on his usual bedside vigil.
Cas could feel Dean's admiration from where he was standing and felt something warm. Racking his brain, he tried to pinpoint the feeling and got as far as 'flattered' before Dean's deep voice distracted him.
Dean was furious. Marching up to the door he hammered furiously on it. No reply. Knocking again got no response. "Novak!" Dean roared "Open this door you cowardly, insolent, short bast-"
Dean was insulted. He wasn’t that bad at laundry thank you very much. His mama had taught him well. Where did this dude get off making such accusations?
An errant cloud passed over the sun just then causing the wings to disappear from view again and Cas opened his eyes. Still smiling, he wandered back to the bench and flopped down beside Dean.
Intrigued and wary, Dean began scanning the area with the experienced eye of a hunter looking for anything unusual. He spotted two shifty looking teenagers, harried parents and a small dog making a break for freedom but nothing that would cause the odd movement. Frowning now and with a tense set to his shoulders, Dean turned to give Cas a heads up that something was wrong but instead of the defensive reaction he was expecting, Cas was remarkably nonchalant about the whole thing.
So when one day, Dean came back early and saw a short man with longish curly hair spray painting lewd images on his door, he did what anyone would do and yelled at the man. ‘Short-stack’, as Dean called him, started upright and ran into the apartment next to Dean. The door slam made the sun reflect of the small, white name plate bearing the letters C. Novak.
“Oh stop being dramatic, Dean. He thought your truly eloquent grunt was cute and winked at you as well? You’re in with a shot dude. For the love of god give that man your number before we leave tonight, I can’t deal with another night of pining”
Dean's eyes flicked around the place rapidly trying to take in as much as he could. Cas was right, he couldn't see wings per say but every now and then, a ray of light would try to pass through the space but bend as it hit the feathery obstruction and skitter across the surface. As it did so they created a momentary glint in the air as a section of feathers caught the light. If asked to describe what exactly was happening later on, Dean wouldn't be able to reply. It was like there was a mirage or a freaking huge heat haze shimmering in the air but only sometimes and even then, it wasn't as solid as a heat haze. The wings were ever shifting, only gaining definition briefly as the sun hit it. Dean was in awe.
There was no reply save for a quiet rustle as Cas settled himself better on the old wooden construct. Dean presumed that he was 'watching humanity' or whatever and tuned him out.
“It took me a great many years Cas. It took solitude and a serious drinking problem before I figured out that I could remember but not let it consume me. I feel the pain I caused. I remember it and by remembering it I honour the memory of those I wronged. You can’t let this engulf you. I’m not going to lie man. It will be tough; it will never get easier but it will get more bearable and you have me, Sam and Kevin here for you too. We’ve all faced hardships, none the same, we all have our demons and we can all help each other. There is nothing wrong with solitude Cas, but don’t rely on it. Isolation is never as helpful as it appears to be”
It wasn’t unusual for a member of the Bunker Family to go missing every now and then. The trouble with four damaged souls cohabiting was that sometimes, solitude was the only way to deal. Dean was well aware of this. He knew nearly everyone’s habits and if too much solitude seemed like it could be a distinct possibility, he’d hunt down the missing person and offer TLC in his particular way until they were back to their old selves.
Dean heard Cas hum and his eyes flickered from the wings to observe the rest of him. He took in the way the sun played softly across Cas's ever present trench coat and showed up the brown highlights in his hair. Standing there with a slight smile on his face and with his eyes closed, Cas looked more peaceful than Dean had ever seen before. He imagined that Cas had felt something like this back in heaven when it was less screwed up, if it had ever been less screwed up. It was an odd contrast Dean thought. At the moment, Cas looked almost human which was completely at odds with the massive occasionally glimmering blurs behind him. It was a sight so pure that Dean would treasure it for dark nights when the weight on his shoulders was particularly heavy.
"I like the sun" Castiel decided sounding very relaxed "I always thought it was nothing special, just a ball of constantly combusting gas like the billions of others out there but it's really quite pleasant"
Sneaking another glance, Dean saw that as the wind had picked up, the outline of Cas’s wings became more defined against the falling snow. He racked his brains for that moment, what felt like so many years ago where they had been relaxing on that park bench in the sun and Cas had said that his wings only became visible in the presence of natural forces. That day it had been sunlight but that distant night way back when, in the barn where it all began, it had been lightning.
Cas’ heart was racing. ‘Be normal’ he chastised himself ‘It’s just pie and tea. Friendly neighbourly stuff. Outwardly he gestured at the island and Dean obligingly set down the (exceptionally delicious looking) pie.
Looking up at the sky and back to his watch, Sam decided that it was too nice of a day to go back to the motel just yet. It was a small town and options were limited but a walk in the park sounded nice. Slinging his bag over his shoulder Sam set off
“Hello, Dean” Castiel replied, looking up and locking eyes with Dean. Oh god he was already regretting this hiseyesweresoblueohmygod. The panic spiral immediately dissolved as Jo’s imaginary voice started berating him. And the real Jo was probably also berating him from her cozy corner table where she apparently got drinks and a show.
"I can think of something" he grinned holding out a packet of mini chocolate bars "It's special occasion, go nuts"
Hoodie and jeans discarded, Cas picked his way carefully into the centre and settled down. Dean watched bemused until he was beckoned over by a quick hand movement from Cas.
"Jesus Cas, they're beautiful" Dean said and then because he was Dean Winchester "If you ever tell Sammy I said that I'll ward the Impala against you"
"I can assure you Dean that no angels party with my wings. They act as normal wings do. What gave you the idea of festivities?"
Now Dean wasn't a modest dude by any standards, but his roommates could’ve reddened the face of even the most experienced escort. His recent dry spell was really not helping either.
Dean began to laugh. “Join the club dude. I escaped my own roomies hours ago but I’d bet my paycheck they’re not done yet”
“Oh come on dude, last call is in an hour. Nut up and just write it down, it’s ten numbers and you’re an engineering student. I refuse to believe you can’t do even that”
Cas grabbed a box out of his tea-cupboard (no it was not a problem thank you very much Gabriel) and boiled the kettle while he fished out plates
“Well it definitely suits you but I am sorry that people keep bothering you...So I brought a pie” he rubbed the back of his head self-consciously “I figured you might like it, it’s made from fruit from my garden, organic and everything”
“This is why I have faith in you and your brother Dean. When I saw your soul, I saw the potential. You have so much in you to give and can achieve so much when you rely on your friends and family. I am immensely sad to be apart from that group but I hope you know that despite your opinion on me, I am willing to lend whatever aid I can”
Dean ducked his head and rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly “I’m glad you like it, least I can do. But it must get annoying though right?” Dean prompted “I can’t imagine you enjoy getting constantly interrupted?”
Cas narrowed his eyes as he worked through Dean's statement and probably filing it away somewhere for later perusal. Dean couldn't bring himself to care though, he was waiting for the answer.
Castiel blushed. He honest to god blushed. Suddenly Dean felt back on regular footing, he was just a normal man, not some kind of angel sent from above
Castiel on the other hand was an unknown variable. Having been found by Dean about a month ago after falling, a subject he was notoriously tight-lipped about, he had not yet adjusted fully from being homeless to having an entire abode to inhabit. He had not yet been taken by one of the strange moods that afflicted the rest of the inhabitants but it was only a matter of time.
“That’s a very kind offer, Dean, thank you. I actually may need some help when you’re next free. I seem to have a very persistent aphid problem and nothing I try is working”
Dean jumped as she slapped his ass and flipped her the finger as he wove through the tables toward the bar.
Dean shook his head "No, Cas it's just a figure of speech, it means that it's something for angels only. No humans allowed kind of thing"
Castiel stared at the door puzzled. A few seconds later his confusion was lifted by a sudden banging and angry shouts. It took him a minute to place the voice by which time, another series of heavy knocking complete with some curses was happening.
The rest of the evening followed in a similar fashion with Cas handing him materials, but over time the instructions grew vaguer and sparser until Dean was allowed to put them anywhere he wanted.
“We all have those days Cas, but being alone isn’t always a good thing. It took me a long time but I’ve finally grasped that”
“I do, Cas. I mean every word. God knows I didn’t have a conventional upbringing and yes, I can’t always show it but you and Sam and everyone means so much. You’re more than just tools”
A single blue-eyed glare gave him all the confirmation he needed. It was a nest. Hah! Dean was totally right.
All he got in return was a groan and a loud thump. Clenching his fists and breathing deeply, Dean tried to calm down. There was no point in him going over, the front door wouldn't have been answered. Grabbing his phone off the bed, he angrily stomped over to the door and slammed it shut. He'd crash at a friend's place.
Life was different in the bunker. Before, Dean had dreaded snowy days. It meant blue fingers, red noses and a frustrated John Winchester. Hours were spent cooped up in third rate motels trying to entertain Sammy quietly in case they disturbed their father’s research. More often than not, they ended up huddled up together under whatever blankets they could find shivering. The one high point was when Dean would whisper stories to Sam. Stories about angels watching over them, stories about knights and dragons. Pretty much any story that came to mind really.
But the thing is, I am, marginally, a selfish human being. And I am not yet ready to part with the warmth that Dean’s kind heart is capable of providing. I realize now that I am not strong enough to say No. Not to him, at least.
Oh well, I did my best to explain to Meg that it was no big deal and she should calm down, but the sudden breathing problems were not really working in my favor. The next few minutes are all a blur and all I remember is being led to a cab and the next minute I was outside my garden. Meg didn’t accompany me. She wanted to stay to deal with the mess... it’s a euphemism. She waited for me to leave so she could ‘deal’ with him and then break up.
“Cas, all I’m saying is,” Dean continues, even though he can see Cas isn’t listening to him, lost in his own thoughts, “He tried his bes-”
“You fell asleep on the couch again watching that English baking thingy, babe. So I got you inside. What, you wanted a neck cramp instead.”
Instead of the answering though, Cas turns his back to Dean, reaching towards the kitchen cabinets for something. He returns a moment later with the remaining club sandwiches from the breakfast Dean just put away, 2 water bags, a small medical kit and a couple of saddle bags...? Cas quickly sets the bags with the things he just brought. Finally he looks over at Dean, coming closer to his husband, much closer and then offers his hand, palm up. Dean doesn’t do much other than staring blankly, his mouth partly open still.
Maybe Dean misheard Cas. Or maybe he’s joking. He does that sometimes. And it’s actually quite hard for Dean at times to tell whether the Alpha just cracked a joke or he’s being serious. A few weeks ago, in the middle of an intense rimming session, Cas took a little break to compare Dean’s loud mouth with that of a
“Sorry if I got in the way, man. Just moved in next door. Thought I’ll come over to say hi. So, Hi!”
“Is this his first mating? Is he a real Lord? Or is he some low level crook who extorts money through abductions? Do his hobbies include tricking innocent young Omegas into mating and then sacrificing their blood to his god? Or is he lying through his teeth?”
Because the Alpha still looks unbothered by Dean’s anger, he goes one step ahead and shoves his husband hard to bring out some sort of reaction from the stolid face.
Because of the abundance of experience that he already had, Dean never thought he’d be as enthralled by his husband even months after their Handfasting. He simply thought that the novelty will soon wear off, days will blur into each other, and monotony will tire him out. But there hasn’t been a day when his heart didn’t start racing inadvertently whenever Cas approached him. Whether it’s for their spontaneity in bed or for the adventures outside of it. It’s like Cas has made it his mission to wring out the most filthy sounds from Dean, and he succeeds each and every day. Dean guesses it may be biology, the compatibility of two Mates, of their complimenting scents.
I always pictured my paradise as the eternal Tuesday afternoon with an endless field of flowers and in it, just me.. peaceful.. alone.. probably flying a kite or doing something as relaxing.
, I might’ve spoken it out loud. Honestly speaking, I like being treated like a child sometimes. But only with Dean though. Perhaps it’s because of this cocoon of safety, this unfamiliar feeling, of being needed, of being wanted, of not being less perhaps. I didn’t realize when he started rocking me in his lap. Dean is such a doof at times. God, I love him so much...
I should have told him that he’s free to go. That I won’t do what he’s afraid of. I should’ve done that two months ago. A generous man like him will, of course, take it upon himself to be the Savior for someone like me. Just like Gabe was. Like Meg usually is. I don’t really need another one.
Of course there are still plenty of townspeople who call him names and question his virtue as an Omega but Dean equally revels in scandalizing the old fogeys of the town as well. There are times when he actively tries to prove them right by being his most indiscreet self in his nightly excursions and takes a special joy in offending Mrs. Butters of the old Woodhouse. Once when he successfully made her collapse on her porch after witnessing him on top of Aaron, her newly presented Alpha boy, he even treated Sammy and himself to a Pecan Pie.
The time I’ve spent with Bal has been quite exhilarating. He’s fun. He’s a free being in every sense of the word. Although he did kind of bully me the first day we met in school, but he said it was flirting and then I blushed. It was embarrassing, really. And yes, there have been instances where his rather laissez-faire approach to anything and everything under the sun has rendered me uncomfortable at times, but he says I’m a “newbie” in these things and it’s natural, so it’s all good.
“H..Help! Help please, help me!!” begs the girl, “She’s there! She’s there, still. I need to f..find her. I can’t find, please, me.. I... please help her!”
Well, the point being, he’s weaved his way through my barely organized clutter of a life and he hasn’t left.
The Alpha swirls him around, with his eyes still closed, takes him out the door, and then places a weighty object on his upturned palms.
being treated like a time-bomb ticking. Instead, Dean leaves me alone plenty. Doing his own thing. Cooking. Cleaning. Fixing my plumbing. Laundry. Just being productive. And then there are other times when he’s just.. there. Singing. Watching Spanish dramas.
“It’s become a habit now. I’ll pretend to be Dean’s normal neighbor here on my porch. Having meaningless conversations.. unnecessary smiles.. pointless discussions about albums I’ve never heard.. and then him cleaning the crumbs from my lower lip,
asleep a lot actually so it’s not a far-fetched assumption to make, really. But the doorbell hasn’t stopped ringing. Instead whoever it was has started banging on the door now. Are they.. Are they breaking the door open..?
take kindly to being given instructions. Oh, Dean is bad at this. Does he not know she’s a little monster who takes pleasure in other’s misery? Oh, this could be a prank by Kevin. Huh. Funny.
. He might’ve not found the joke, or Dean’s disappearance to be exact but whatever it’s just semantics right, to be as funny as Dean thought it was. Evidently. It happens! Even Sammy isn’t as fond of Dean’s sense of humor as he should be
wrong. He distinctly feels the expert tongue pressing against his throat and just stay there, teasingly. The ghost of his Mate’s teeth, barely there, playing with him. But those teeth never make actual contact and unhurriedly back away to properly face him. And Dean immediately wants to murder his husband for not following through on what he started.
He never thought that his Alpha would be so generous as to hand over his entire Castle to Dean, just like that. Although there are times when the bad part of his brain wanders to the possibility of the keys being a mere swindle to keep him hushed and engaged but then he vehemently shuts that side of his brain down because, Good Lord, that sounds ridiculous!
He quickly makes sure that all Cas’ presents are intact, then starts going back the way they came from. It cannot be that hard, deciphering directions. Even though all these streets look exactly alike to him. He makes a sharp turn on the side of one such street to suddenly collide with someone.
“Where’d you wander off to, milord? I was searching for you, calling for you. Did you lost your way?” asks Joshua once they reached the entryway of the village mart.
I feel his lips near my collarbone. His tongue advancing towards my earlobe. There’s absolutely no hurry involved. He’s lazy about it, really. His hands, one on my naked stomach still, the other holding onto the back of my neck. He’s almost half on top, but not exactly. There’s enough space to kick and push and run. But I don’t want to. This.. this sensation doesn’t seem so unfamiliar anymore. Like I’ve been here before. Been held this way before. Been held by this man before. He’s cupping my face now, looking into my eyes. The eyes, the freckles.. They look so much more.. up close. That lazy glide is no longer there in those eyes at least. I know I should’ve kept my mouth shut when he began his descent on my lips, but when did I ever listen to the better part of my brain.
“Welcome to Castle Greystone!” says the Beta, now smiling towards Dean, his initial displeasure vanished. “You two must be tired after such an arduous journey. Please go ahead and let up a bit. I shall make prompt arrangements for supper,” he leads them both to the massive oak doors and Dean has to repeatedly remind himself to calm the nerves, take a breath and-
“Uh... We can, of course, provide you with a Farrier, if you please. In the meantime, you can take up lodgings here for – Sir, wait! Good Sir, why are you leaving!? Wait!”
“There was a... uh, accident in the South Wing. Our Little Lord was a child still, yet to present. In fact, they were all boys... naïve,
When the Alpha doesn’t respond howsoever to his voice, facing the fire still, his back to Dean still, Dean gently plods up to him. He’s sure Cas cannot be
Well, according to Lady Hanscum’s Guide to Prosperous Mating, ideally, he should be pacifying his Alpha right now but all the question does is anger him further. He thinks that this is the last straw. He’s had enough of being wrapped up in cotton wool and he’s tired now.
try to resist his balmy touch. His hand travels up, resting near the Omega’s neck, his calming scent already doing the trick.
Sam finished up his coffee and closed his laptop stretching leisurely as he did so. It was rare to get a chance to use the laptop for something other than research and he savored it
Dean waved a hand over his shoulder with a vague mumble and carried on. Stopping by his room, Dean wrapped a scarf around his neck and stuck a hat on his head. Shrugging on his coat, he made his way outside, shoving his hand in his pockets as he went.
“Damnit Cas! I wasn’t thinking straight when I said those things. You’re an integral part of this team. You saved mine and Sam’s asses so many times we’d be dead without you but that’s not the only reason we keep you around. You’re loyal and funny and you never stop reminding us of the good we can do. Whenever we want to give up you remind us what we’re fighting for and sure you made bad decisions. Welcome to humanity! Sam had a demon blood addiction, I was a torturer in the rack of hell, we have made so many selfish mistakes over and over and each time you’re there to pick us up and remind us to keep going and that we are worth so much more than our mistakes. Sure you made mistakes, world endangering mistakes but haven’t we all. It’s basically a requirement at this point. We made these mistakes and we sure as hell know how to avoid them in the future. So yeah, Cas. You’re worth more than a tool damnit. We love you, I-I love you”
The sound of the doorbell ringing had Cas leaving the greenhouse absently wiping his hands on his shirt.
Dean gritted his teeth. Like hell he would. There was no way he’d be Sammy’s slave. The stupid emoticon only drove that certainty deeper into his brain. He was Dean Winchester and Dean Winchester never backed down from a bet.
“Whatever” Jo smirked as Dean dug around in his bag for a scrap of paper and a pen “Looks like it’s a quiet time at the bar” She gestured with her chin where Cas was polishing glasses at the counter. “Go get ‘em tiger”
“Did you forget how to walk or something?” Cas asked “I only ask because you’ve been standing there motionlessly”
There was a pneumatic hiss and Dean jumped as they began creeping forward. A few seconds passed with nothing happening and Dean relaxed slightly before he noticed the abrupt end to the track a few feet in front.
With a puzzled grin, he knocked once on the wall to show he’d gotten the message then slowly began to tap out a reply
They both saw out their teenage years in this manner. Castiel studied whenever he wasn't writing and Dean fixed up cars when he wasn't studying. Both got high grades and upon graduating, both got accepted into the same college for different courses. Unbeknownst to them, they both also got housed in the same block, in neighbouring apartments. It was the start of a horrible relationship.
The music was loud, Dean mused as he perched on a high stool in the corner. The college bar was as crowded as it ever got on a Thursday night and he had his best friend Jo sitting beside him. It had, he had to admit, all the makings of a good night. In fact, if it weren’t for a certain shock of black hair behind the bar, it would be a great one.
“Indeed. I was a highly respected Garrison leader. The angels, they looked up to me. I had friends, I had colleagues…I had a purpose”. He trailed off “But now, now I am nothing. I cannot provide for myself, I cannot help on hunts, I cannot even drive. To go from everything to nothing Dean? It is like nothing else. The pain when my wings burned was nothing compared to the isolation and fear I experienced when I hit the ground. And perhaps worst of all. I inflicted this on every other angel. They wander the earth as lost and confused as I was but they have no-one to guide them. They are a flock without their shepherd and when that happens? That’s when the wolves return Dean. I can still access angel radio. I hear every death, every plea for help yet I am unable to assist. It is torture”
Cas just stood there staring. He looked for all the world, like a statue. Dean had to fight the urge to reach out and touch the still form. The silence stretched on for what had to be mere seconds although it felt like decades to Dean. Finally, Cas moved. It was just his jaw, the rest of him seemed carved from stone.
Hours later or possibly minutes, time was hard to judge when you were asleep, Dean surfaced from slumber and had his second small heart attack of the day when he was met with a pair of startlingly blue eyes. He shook his head trying to clear up his remaining grogginess and bit out a "Dammit Cas" more for tradition than anything. God knows he was slowly getting used to it.
Dean was surprised to note that he was enjoying this. After a while, Cas had loosened up to his usual self, all the bluntness of earlier forgotten and he and Dean had been joking and chatting as normal.
“Sorry” Cas could feel his face slowly turning scarlet and started desperately wishing he’d worn something other than his faded and baggy AC/DC t-shirt and shorts. Dean being dressed in a soft, brown Henley and jeans was not helping and yes, okay, it may be possible that Cas had been harbouring a small crush on his neighbour, sue him.
The metaphorical fly in Dean’s ointment was Castiel Novak. A PhD student with, if you asked Dean at any rate, gorgeously fluffy hair and the most intense blue eyes he had ever seen. This was not by and large Dean’s problem. No, Dean’s problem was that he wasn’t the only one whose head had been turned by the man in question.
He looked up and saw the boy carefully turning every item inside out and checking the pockets. That was normal washing behaviour, Dean’s mama had taught him that, but the question was why so slowly? Maybe he lost something?
Castiel ducked his head slightly embarrassed and almost flinched when Dean let his hand fall on his shoulder.
“That’s all I ask Cas” Dean said smiling “Do you want to stay up here or come back to the Bunker. I’m making burgers”
What Dean liked about the snow was how everything was muffled. There was a unique hush associated with it. The only sound was the crunching of his feet and the soft sizzle of freshly falling flakes. It was peaceful in a way that Dean never experienced elsewhere. Now though, a second pair of boots were crunching beside him but strangely it didn’t bother him. The good thing about Cas was that he didn’t feel the need to fill silences. Sam was always humming or sighing or chatting away but Cas was content to let a companionable silence grow, something Dean appreciated after years of cramped living quarters.
"Thanks Cas" he said quietly. "Your wings, well, they were awesome man, and I mean awesome in the literal sense here"
Once Dean's laughter was under control and his feathers were beginning to settle back down, Castiel had started to relax before an unexpected weight landed on his shoulder.
"Can I see them?" Dean asked suddenly "I mean, you don't have to, it's probably a super private angels only party or something, forget I said it actually. Uh, never mind"
“C’mon then” Dean said offering his hand “Now help me get down. I can climb up but getting down is harder”
“Yeah, I'm probably gonna be a shitty passenger. Screaming, fainting, the whole nine yards” Dean felt compelled to offer a joke. He never did well with nervousness
As the sound of popping corn filled the kitchen, Dean and Cas cracked open their first beer and chatted,
Apparently, Dean's voyeuristic presence had begun to grate on Cas' nerves as it wasn't long before he was graced with a curt "Are you going to stand there uselessly or are you going to help?"
“If you’re looking for the witch, he’s across the road” he said on autopilot and then looked up into a pair of shockingly green eyes
Castiel got up off the bench with Dean's eyes eagerly to him. Personally, he didn't see the appeal in his wings, they were average really. Nothing special. He was fond of the blue highlights that occasionally shimmered in the pinions but aside from that they were simply wings. They let him fly when he needed, they kept him warm and conveyed emotions, standard wing behavior really. He walked out from under the spotted shade provided by the tree and out into the bright sunlight, then he turned to face Dean. Rolling his shoulders as he did so, Cas slowly extended his wings closing his eyes as he did so. They were stiff despite having a lot of room to move in the other dimension and letting them spread out unknotting kinks and stretching muscles was very satisfying indeed.
If he had never made that stupid bet then Dean wouldn’t be standing here in knee-quaking terror. He snuck a look at the metal monstrosity that loomed above him and swallowed heavily. Stupid Sammy. Stupid Dean. Stupid roller coasters. The front of the line came way too quickly for his liking. Weren't these lines meant to be long and boring? He had read that somewhere hadn't he? His phone vibrated in his pocket
Across the campus, a much less cheerful Dean was sitting on Jo Harvelle's sofa complaining like there was no tomorrow.
With a groan, Dean heaved his head up off the table. “Joanna Beth Harvelle, you are an absolute menace” he softened a bit “Your mom would be proud”
“Oh for- Yes I am sure. I’m pretty sure. I think I’d know if I was a witch wouldn’t you?” he gestured to the sunny cottage that lay across the road “That’s your witches house. His name is Dean. He’ll help you”
“Well we are 17” Dean shrugged “I guess with Sam out the house and you being, well, you, they didn’t see the harm”
“It was my pleasure” he said solemnly then reached into his pocket pulling out a pen. “Shall I give you my number in case you ever need a roller coaster buddy again?”
“No I realised” Dean said somewhat moodily “I just can’t do anything about it I mean look! Every person in here is obsessed with the man. I don’t even know if he swings any way let alone my way”
Casting a glance at the clock, Dean decided that if he wanted to avoid the need for brain bleach, he better skip out now. Chuck and Becky could get really weird sometimes. In fact, he’d sworn he heard her refer to him as a god once and that was more than he ever needed to know. He hadn’t been able to look either of them in the eyes for a week after that one, so in the name of a harmonious dorm, he grabbed the textbook he’d been studying and a bottle of water before hightailing it out the door blushing at another loud moan.
Dean was taken aback slightly by the bluntness. Sure Cas had a habit of... brusqueness occasionally...but he rarely gave such monotone and uninformative answers.
"Alright" he allowed "I may have been blasting music loudly and ignored his requests to turn it down"
By the middle of the second disc, Dean and Cas had consumed quite a few beers and all the popcorn. Dean was feeling languid, happy and just the faintest bit tipsy. But by the flush on his cheeks, so was Cas. He was a lightweight even by Dean’s standards. “I’m glad we got to do this” he smiled, looking over at Cas
Once the door had closed behind him, Dean took a deep breath relishing the crisp air. Around him, a fresh layer of snow had settled. He was about to start walking when the sound of the door opening stopped him. Turning around he saw Cas shuffling outside after him.
Instantly his survival instincts kicked in and he tensed automatically, wings flaring. He felt momentary embarrassment when he realized that it was just Dean but that faded to surprise and happiness as Dean left his hand there. Despite the fact that it was a warm day, the weight of Dean's hand left him feeling soothed somehow. He shook out his wings and noticed the sideways glance Dean shot at him. Odd. Dean had never reacted to his wings before. Granted, he usually had them tucked against his back but surely he must have had them out at some time. Cas racked his memory, apparently he hadn't. Slowly moving one wing he saw the way Dean's eye flickered to it before resuming its previous task of people watching. Interesting.
“A gardener?” Dean asked, perking up “I’m a plant witch, if you ever need any help, well, you know where I live”
She pressed a kiss onto his forehead and pulled him in for a hug. Dean squirmed “Mooom” he protested “You’re only going for a weekend”
“My roommates are being…very loud...in their escapades. I need to escape and I’m hoping that by the time I’m done, they’ll be too”
Dean slammed his eyes shut again and tried to ignore the wind rushing against his face at terrifying speed. Beside him Castiel was whooping and laughing but despite anything, he never let go of Dean’s hand.
"I see no reason to object" Cas stated "They are not an Angel Only Party as you said. They are simply wings"
As Cas had already admitted to himself, he may or may not be harbouring a crush on his neighbour despite mostly communicating through waves and short conversations when they bumped into each-other but he never suspected that the witch may have some feelings of his own. Unless, his logical brain insisted, it was just friendly and Dean was just shy. Hmm, this clearly warranted further investigation.
"So" he began "Theoretically, if you stood out under the sun as it is here, I'd see your wings in their entirety?"
“Uh, sorry about that” he said sheepishly “I just saw the house and then saw you and, well I just assumed”
Maybe angel wings were a mirror of their owner, Cas seemed like a force of nature at times, maybe that was a manifestation of that? But at the same time an image of Cas, so small and so meek, dressed only in white and looking the furthest thing from that came to mind. Once again, Dean was reminded that his friend contained multitudes, in the same way Castiel the angel existed across dimensions, Dean’s friend Cas had so many faces that Dean had an unfortunate tendency to forget.
Scrubbing his hands through his hair, he shuffled down the hallway to the front door and pulled it open
Dean sat on the bench, head thrown back basking in the sun. He and Sam had just finished a particularly challenging case with a coven of witches and both were off relaxing in their own ways before moving on. Sam had gone off to a little coffee shop but Dean decided that since it was so nice out, he'd just chill in the Park. His eyes were shut, his world bathed in bright red and gold. Dean felt like he would melt. Here, with the sound of children playing and trees rustling slightly in the breeze he could forget, just for a while, how screwed up the world really was. A breath whispered out from between his lips and spiraled up towards the blue sky. This was perfect. The only thing that could possibly make it better was-
The sound appeared to be coming from the desk in front. Dean craned his neck slightly to see over the low partition and was greeted to the sight of a dark head bent over a large textbook. The fingers of the person appeared to automatically be tapping out SOS over and over again in Morse code.
The door slam echoed into the apartment next door causing Castiel to snigger. Beside him on the bed, his friend Gabriel rolled over and burst into gales of laughter.
Despite their huge difference in personalities, these boys had a few traits in common. Both loved their families, both were highly intelligent and both were terrified of never meeting their soul mate. Dean dreamed of a white picket fence, 1.5 kids and a dog while Cas dreamed of a comfortable house, family dinners and perhaps a cat. Neither wanted to be alone. These fears were never uttered by either. They were kept inside and quietly worried over in the depths of night.
Despite living within three feet of one another, Dean and Castiel had never laid eyes on one another. Their lives just didn't work that way. They both had different faculties, different timetables and different friends groups. Were it not for the fact that they had spent the start of term arguing so much, they wouldn't even be aware of the others existence.
As soon as he had done that, another T-shirt was thrown at him followed by another set of instructions.
Dean had held a torch for his friend for what felt like forever. They first met in playschool. Dean was sitting, sulking under a tree until Cas came over, sat beside him and wordlessly offered him a biscuit. From there they’d been inseparable and were known around the neighbourhood as ‘Dean-and-Cas’ Honestly, he couldn’t remember a time where he didn’t feel like this but he’d only identified what exactly the warm, fuzzy feeling was a year and a half ago.
“Yup” Dean confirmed with a shudder “Like every few weeks they’ll have these awful sex marathons or something. I usually keep an eye on the Powerade levels but this week I forgot and found out the hard way”
“No” Cas admitted “It’s not ideal but I’m a gardener so at least I don’t have any bigwigs shouting at me for interrupting meetings or anything”
“You’re smitten dude. Absolutely as smitten as a kitten and it’s like watching a kitten swim, adorable but slightly pathetic and also very funny”
“That’s really cool, Cas” Dean said “I hope my humble pie can live up to the high standards you’re used to”
Cas blinked, looking taken-aback “Well of course, you have asked me on numerous occasions ‘What is the point of you’. As I said, you do not have to lie to me, I know how you perceive me to be”
"Yeah" Dean began "But surely they should cast shadows on the ground. They cast them on the barn before"
Dean swung himself around, very purposely not looking down, and perched on a branch just to the left of Castiel. He settled down to wait, saying nothing but biding his time until the former-angel reached out to him. Ten minutes passed this way before Castiel reacted
When Dean came in, his heart nearly melted. Cas had made a sort of blanket nest big enough for two and was curled up in it looking fluid and relaxed. Dean knew that Cas had been under a lot of stress recently from his family and it was good to see him just chill for once. The sticky up, fluffy hair was a bonus though, as were the blue eyes that blinked at him.
“Thank you Dean” Cas smiled, stepping over the doormat and toeing off his shoes just as a call for Dean was yelled
Passing the laundry room sparked an idea and he stuck his head round the door to check if it was busy but not a soul was in sight. Perfect.
Dean opened his mouth to reply but was interrupted by a tanned, muscular forearm sweeping into his vision and grabbing the empty glasses. Dean managed to tear his eyes away from the incredibly dexterous fingers long enough to catch Jo’s smirk and the twinkling eyes of one, Castiel Novak.
“Castiel” the boy said and held out his hand “Good to hear I’m not the only one in this building with enthusiastic roommates”
“Well if your other pies are half as good as this one, that would be more than acceptable” Cas smiled, turning to meet Dean’s eyes.
He tried to unobtrusively observe the person but gave up when the girl next to him shot a weirded out look.
He headed back to Jo giving her a surreptitious thumbs up and this time he felt eyes on his back, every step of the way.
Dean bolted upright, one hand reaching for his gun instinctively while his head turned to the source of the voice. Beside him on the previously unoccupied bench was Castiel looking as stoic as normal.
Following the example of his partner, Dean lost his own plaid shirt and jeans and cautiously stepped in himself. Cas moved over to accommodate him and almost shyly gestured to the empty spot. Taking advantage of the invitation, Dean settled down beside Cas and spent a few minutes getting comfy. Once he had positioned himself, Cas snuggled closer until they were both twined together.
Shaking his head again, Cas watched as the man entered the gate and went up the charmingly flowered path. Dean was a stickler for his garden. The man himself appeared just as the man looking for the potion arrived at his door and Cas would be lying if he said he didn’t get enjoyment out of the little jump he did. Sure the villagers meant no harm and the first few times it had happened it was amusing. By the tenth time it was decidedly not so. Dean had evidently caught sight of Cas because he raised his hand in a wave. Cas returned it and the apologetic grimace that went with it before heading back to his greenhouse. He had some re-potting to do.
“Oh there you are honey” The graceful features of Mary Winchester appeared around the door “Oh! And Cas is here too. Excellent, welcome in dear, sorry about the pandemonium. We’d be a lot more organised if someone” and here she raised her voice over her shoulder, “remembered to pack their bags last night”
Cas couldn’t stop his eyes from lighting up “I’m always a sucker for pie, would you like to come in? I had planned on making a cup of tea before you knocked”
Castiel blinked and was that a swallow Dean saw? Oh, Jo was so right. She’d never shut up about this. Time to press his advantage. Stealing Castiel’s own trick from earlier, Dean licked his lips and leaned in a little further.
Cas pulled back slightly and opened those blue, blue eyes that Dean had loved for so long. Then he blushed “Is this okay?” he whispered as though anything louder would shatter the moment
His gaze was solely focused on the man beside him taking in the rare sight. Dean Winchester was completely relaxed. He had melted into the bench smiling faintly and Castiel was captivated. The sun was at just the right height to shine on his face and it made all his freckles stand out. He knew how many were there, he knew every inch of this man's body, inside and out. He had literally built it up from scratch. It didn't stop him counting the freckles though. Someone had once told him that freckles were angel kisses. He had originally assumed this to be another bit of humanities idiosyncrasies but looking at Dean now, he had to admit that perhaps there was a shred of truth to it. After all, a human as perfect as Dean had to have had some help. Although striking, the Winchester and Campbell genes alone couldn't have pulled it off. It just wasn't possible.
He had said it before, once or twice maybe but he meant it every single time. He still did actually, Cas wouldn't be Cas otherwise. It was hard however, not to laugh at his face because unless faced with an actual problem, Cas's pouts and glares made him look more like a puppy than a celestial warrior. Reaching out, he clapped Cas's shoulder firmly. The start of surprise was kind of expected and wow, wasn't that a seriously sad thing to think. That a guy was so unused to friendly contact that it still took him by surprise. Making a decision, Dean decided to leave his hand there for a bit longer.
Did his Alpha know about this before? This thing with the mark... To turn his brain into goo... So he’s incapable of having any rational thoughts, sort of. Is that an Omega thing? Or a Mate thing? Or instinct? Feels
“Oh dear! You sure you don’t want the horses instead, honey? See, they’re so shiny! They’re real gold plated, I tell you,” implores Becky, but when she sees that Dean wouldn’t budge she finally concedes. “It’s 5 shillings for two, sweety.”
Why is Dean so stubborn? It’s so exhausting, dealing with him. He’s not letting go of my hand. He’s holding on tighter... I wish Dean was smarter, that he understood. It would’ve been better then. Someday, I would’ve looked at these few months and smiled even... Of course, I would’ve smiled. I woke up to such delicious pancakes and waffles and I don’t even know the names of some odd seasoning stuff that Dean brought to my kitchen from his home. I woke up to breakfasts in bed. I woke up to kisses in bed. But most of all, I woke up feeling safe, feeling protected, feeling loved even. Like I don’t have to worry about anything, the laundry, the meals, myself...
“Oh, it’s alright! It’s nearly past noon, the mart tends to get more crowded by then. And milord, you must not concern yourself with such paupers, please,” says the Beta.
” mutters an immediately stiffened Cas, not sounding particularly overjoyed at the prospect of meeting his elder brother again after so long.
Sam returns after a week’s stay at the castle and things slowly go back to normal. Or so Dean hopes. He tries his best but his mind keeps going back to his fight with Sammy. How he kept telling the kid that he’s wrong! That the sheriff is wrong! That they’re all wrong!
“At least you’re admitting that it’s a crush now” she laughed “I thought we’d come here every Tuesday and Thursday and you still didn’t realise”
Dean honest-to-god stumbled and would have fallen if a surprisingly strong arm hadn’t been there to hold him up.
It was Gabriel's fault, but then, if you talked to anyone who knew him, it was generally Gabriel's fault.
Seeing Cas tilt his head in confusion made guilt clench at Dean's insides. He had to admit that he was curious, it was hard not to be after the whole Multidimensional Wavelength speech Cas just gave, but still, he thought he'd have more control over his response. He had a sudden urge to see the wings. Despite never having given it much thought before, he was insanely interested now. After Cas telling him that he might be able to see an outline of them he had a brief internal war where half of him felt guilty for invading Cas's privacy and the other half didn't give a rats ass. Unfortunately though, the rats ass side won and Dean had asked. What if showing wings was an intensely personal thing for angels? What if he had basically asked if he could see Cas naked?
He was cut off mid sentence by the door flying open. The man who stepped out was definitely not the man who had run in. He was tall, had tousled hair and, and...Dean squinted slightly, tirade momentarily delayed as his brain struggled to accept what was happening. Neurons fizzled, new pathways opened up and slowly, so very, very slowly, colour bled into his world.
As the saying goes, time flies when you're having fun and despite still being slightly hazy on the point of the nest, it was done and Cas shed his outer layers.
The darkness in Castiel’s eyes was surely mirrored in Dean’s and he opened his mouth to reply, but was interrupted by a drunk guy further down the bar waving some cash about.
Rolling her eyes at her friend's casual narcissism, Jo tossed her hair over her shoulder as she stood and went to make tea "Easy there Winchester" she called "We can't risk your head getting any bigger. Heavens knows it's already big enough"
Faced with either leaving or more drinks, the choice was easy. He headed to the bar with a hearty back slap from Jo and her loud raucous laughter in his ears. Signalling the barman in question, he ordered and with a speed and grace honed from years of practice, the two drinks slid to a stop in front of him mere moments afterwards. They were immediately followed by a pair of blue eyes that seemingly appeared out of nowhere from behind the counter.
“Excellent, and how many times do I have to tell you? It’s John. Now come on Mary, I recall someone insisting we leave right this second”
The man stared at Cas then at the dark wood on the porch then back to Cas, lingering specifically on the eyeliner and silver pendants
Castiel sighed loudly. His neighbour was blaring music again. Don’t get him wrong, Cas didn’t necessarily hate the music, despite his rather librarian-ish appearance, he did, on occasion, enjoy a good bit of classic rock. But he was trying to study for a big theology test coming up and the music had been incessant for weeks now. Fisting his hands in his messy hair he rose and banged on the wall next to his headboard
“He checked you out, Dean. Are you honestly telling me you didn't notice? I always get served faster when I’m with you than when I’m with anyone else”
Castiel laughed like he had just heard the funniest joke and levelled a devastating wink at Dean before he swept off, swiping glasses from tables as he went.
Dean, suddenly grateful for his father’s somewhat unorthodox insistence on learning Morse as well as the phonetic alphabet, scrabbled frantically for a scrap of paper to transcribe. With a final jab, he wrote the last dot and looked at the message.
He heard a faint raspberry blown through the thin wall and rolled his eyes at the childishness. Then the music got louder. Remembering the earnest advice of his Pastor, Castiel closed his eyes and counted to ten, all the while considering the merits of going next door and simply hitting his neighbour. By the time he had reached ten, he had talked himself out of violence but it was a close thing. Gritting his teeth until it hurt, he gathered his things and slipped quietly out the door making sure his neighbour would get no satisfaction from his exit.
Dean stood in the line cursing his brother. He turned around to glare at him and received  a sunny smile in return.
Dean himself could be found in one of three places. Listening to his tapes in Baby with the volume turned up so loud the car would reverberate and the walls echo. Alternatively, he would hole up in his room with the door firmly closed desperately trying to practice the meditation exercises Lisa had given him long ago for peace and clarity of mind. Failing that, Dean would be on the roof of the Bunker staring up at the sky and letting his thoughts scuttle across the sky with the clouds.
“ I don’t understand how my siblings could look at humanity and see it as anything other than a miracle. When I see the snow I think how each human is a snowflake. Individually they cannot achieve much but when they bond together, they are immeasurably powerful and there is very little they cannot do”
Dean was washing his hands and trying frantically to figure out a way to subtly find out this guy’s deal and if he was the Mystery Person  when the door opened and Dark Haired Guy walked in. He headed to the sink and splashed water on his face with a loud sigh.
The dim light made everything seem faintly ethereal but the harsh light of the screen threw Cas’s face into sharp relief. His eyes seemed to glow. Dean’s gaze dropped momentarily to his lips before he dragged it back up, praying Cas hadn’t noticed.
It was a strange unexplained event. Some claimed that aliens had done it, others believed that it was a global conspiracy between governments that had failed. Fundamentals howled that it was divine wrath while scientists bowed their heads over their instruments and furiously conducted research. On the whole, no-one was sure and then, as years went by, then decades, then centuries, people did what people do best and just got on with it until eventually it became normal.
A slight pressure on his shoulder a few minutes later had him tensing for a fight but a sideways glance at Dean relaxed him almost immediately. Dean's head had fallen onto Castiel's and he was snoring slightly. Castiel was filled with a sense of pride that Dean Winchester of all people had elected him a suitable person to trust. Almost on instinct his left wing reacted to Dean and curved around him protectively. Dean shifted lightly and his worry lines faded slightly. Smiling softly, Cas turned his head and closed his eyes enjoying the peace.
His wings were itching and Castiel suddenly felt the urge to free them and let them bask in the warm sun. He did so hoping that the noise of them unfurling hadn't woken the sleeping human beside him. Dean's breath hitched slightly but he was otherwise undisturbed. Relaxing back, Castiel arranged his wings for optimum comfort and resumed staring.
The man, Castiel, he supposed, still had a grip on his hand and dragged him forwards. The attendant shepherded them into seats and pushed down the restraints. Dean was trapped but Castiel was still holding his hand even though Dean knew it had to be clammy.
“First the pie and now this” Cas smirked “If I didn’t know better Dean Winchester, I’d say you were trying to sweeten me up” but his eyes widened at the hint of blush that stole over the tips of Dean’s ears for a moment. Interesting.
The first thing Castiel saw was a huge grin followed by a pair of green eyes as the door was pulled violently open
No, no, no this was not right. How could Cas think these things? Dean halted in his tracks and Cas spun to see him
"Don't I know it" Dean grumbled good-naturedly as he settled back into the sofa and closed his eyes. "Now hush. I want to nap"
Jo smiled sympathetically. "So how about you reserve your mighty wrath until the guy deserves it more" she offered "I'm sure you haven't been an absolute dream yourself"
Dean was gobsmacked. The matter-of-fact way that Cas had delivered this bombshell meant he had been thinking this for quite some time and had apparently come to terms with it, if his calm acceptance was to be believed. Is this really how he thought? Did he not know how important he was to them?
Castiel was having a lovely day. He got home from work early and spent the afternoon stretched out on his bed reading with a cup of tea. There wasn't even any music next door so he could finally relax. This bubble of peace however, was rudely broken by a shout followed by a sudden door slam and the appearance of a very flustered Gabriel in his room.
Eventually, after far too long in Dean’s opinion, the cart slowed down and rolled back into the station.
Giving up, he rose to head to the bathroom which conveniently was located behind the tapping person. As he passed he snuck a glance. It was a guy apparently. Messy dark hair, tanned skin and, if the t-shirt sleeves were to be believed, not unfit either. Definitely his type in other words.
“Oh I’d say he does” said Jo smugly, he was so blatantly checking you out when you were walking back from the bar.
He glanced behind him at the empty corridor then tried to judge the distance from their bed to the door. Cas may be wingless but he was still fast. Dean thought he might just be faster though. With this in mind he offered a hesitant "Is this...a nest?"
Castiel watched as Dean rubbed his hands on his knees and shuffled on the bench as though some internal conflict was taking place. Frowning slightly, Cas was tempted to look into Dean's mind to see if he could help but he valued his closest friends privacy too much. Resigned to simply sitting tight until Dean revealed himself, Castiel turned his gaze back to Dean's face.
Jo's second eyebrow joined the one already in the air. "And who's fault is that?" she asked pointedly
Cas smiled sadly “It is okay Dean, you do not have to lie to make me feel better, since my grace has been failing I am aware I am not as useful as I once was but I am willing to help as much as I can”
Castiel lazily opened one eye scrutinizing Dean with an intense stare. He could tell Dean was semi-serious about the Impala but couldn't really bring himself to care. He was delightfully relaxed in a way that he couldn't remember ever being before. The guise of humanity brought almost as many downsides as it did upsides.
Jo shook her head fondly as Dean shuffled around trying to get comfy. He may be a huge muscled tough guy now, but to her, he was till the crybaby troublemaker of her old neighbour.
Dean patted his shoulder. “Well I’m glad one of us liked it man. And, uh thanks for not letting go, my hand I mean”
To Dean, the scene in front of him looked suspiciously like nest building but he had learned from past mistakes and didn't voice his suspicions.
Trudging towards the front of the house, Cas tried to keep a positive attitude. He didn’t want to be rude to the no doubt earnest person at the door but honestly this was getting very old very fast. When he had moved to the village first it had started off great but when his neigbour moved in it went downhill fast. His neighbour was a witch and now, Cas had grown up with witches (his brother was quite a powerful one as it happened), he harboured no ill will to witches and openly stood up against the assholes who let a few decades of smear campaigns and dubious books guide their opinions but this witch in particular was the current bane of his existence.
“Sorry” Dean apologised “I just didn’t want you to think badly of me” then he cleared his throat hastily and continued “I didn't know your brother was a witch though? What’s his specialty? Or is he more of a general practitioner”
“I really don’t mind too much” he said “Especially if I get pie out of the deal!” as he spoke he took a bite of said pie “Oh my god Dean” he moaned “This pastry is amazing”
“I wouldn’t worry” Cas smiled as he turned to pour the hot water into the clay mugs on the counter “Gabriel has never been inclined to simple pies. He’s...more of a ‘culinary explorer’ he calls himself. Very avant garde, experimental stuff so it’s been a while since I’ve had a plain and simple apple pie. This will be very welcome”
Cas waved him off with an indulgent hand “It happens all the time” he sighed wearily “Just try not to judge by appearances and we’ll call it even”
“Definitely!” Dean grinned “We have snacks, the entire Lord of the Rings trilogy, extended of course, and pj’s”
"It's because I am an angel Dean" Castiel answered and seeing that Dean was about to interrupt, hastily continued "I am a multidimensional wavelength of celestial intent and do not possess a form outside of this vessel that you could comprehend in a mere three dimensions. I exist in far more than humans can conceive and my wings are located in another plane. I can on occasion, shrink them enough to fit here but they still remain almost undetectable to the naked eye"
“That would be nice” laughed Cas “But I fear if you bake a pie for everyone who knocks on my door you’d never leave the kitchen
Dean had backed away with his hands up in surrender and made a mental note to warn Sam to avoid avian comparisons. So when he walked into his room a few weeks later it was with apprehension and slight confusion that he took in the scene in front of him.
Castiel was kneeling on their bed, surrounded by what looked like every soft furnishing the bunker possessed with a couple of Dean's shirts to boot.
“Yeah, yeah” Dean rolled his eyes. “Come on, let's grab the food and start. We have all weekend to watch these movies and I’ve been waiting for this moment all week”
"...He's really annoying, and he wouldn't shut up today, it was obnoxious and he always has a stick up his ass whenever I do anything it's always thump thump thump on the wall and some prissy comment about studying. Ugh Jo. He's infuriating and I'm going to go over there and -"
Both men stood there for what felt like hours simply staring. It went on for so long that Gabriel snuck out to see why the shouting wasn't happening. Peering cautiously around Castiel's body, he noticed that neither was moving. They seemed, he shuddered at even mentally saying the phrase but there was no other way around it, they were lost in each other's eyes.
"Lightning" Dean replied slowly "You conjured a storm out of nowhere and a lightning flash lit up your wings"
Finally, Castiel made eye contact with Dean. “I think I understand” he said slowly “I shall attempt to limit my contact with the radio”
His efforts paid off as the trail stopped next to a large, sturdy oak with convenient handholds. Peering upwards, he caught a glimpse of black slacks up near the very top. Steeling himself and with the constant reminder that this was for Castiel, he gritted his teeth and reached for the first handhold.
Gabriel laughed and hugged his friend. "Dude you're the best" he smiled happily before ripping it open and tucking in.
It was a thought almost too big to wrap his head around. Trying to reconcile the disheveled man in front of him with a... what did Cas say that time?...Wavelength of celestial intent wasn't it? But he also claimed he was the size of the Chrysler building and Dean just couldn't make it work in his head. Sure, Cas may exist in multiple dimensions at once but here, in this dimension with the snow and the silence, was the Cas that Dean knew best.
Kevin would vanish into the woods outside claiming that he needed darkness and an innocence that simply could not be provided by a place with a history such as the bunker. He said that the dark and peace let him silence his mind for a bit, give him a break from the incessant chatter inside his head.
To see him outside was mildly off putting. To Dean’s knowledge, Cas only left the bunker to go hunting with the brothers. The reappearance of the trench coat had him smiling though.
The man stared skeptically across the road but then seemed to realise that Cas probably did know if he was a witch and rubbed the back of his neck
As Dean studied the angel at his side something became apparent. The next gust of wind blew a large flurry into the air and behind Cas, briefly, so briefly that Dean almost didn't see it, an outline of wings appeared.
A bored looking attendant opened the gate and people spilled eagerly toward the train of cars. Dean shuffled up but the gate closed just ahead of the man in front of him. The guy turned round, probably to assess who he’d be riding with. The gleam in his eye made Dean groan. He would be stuck with an adrenaline junkie wouldn't he? The man frowned at Dean
Both quietly nursed the thought that perhaps, they could simply forget about their troublesome neighbour and get on with their lives. That was, until whatever tentative truce they had was shattered.
"Okay, okay" he sighed "That was pathetic wasn't it...Don't answer that" he added quickly before whining "You can't blame me, I didn't get any sleep last night"
"Mine okay" Dean muttered "I stayed up too late talking to Sammy. I miss him. Kansas is a long way away from here"
“Well I knew there was a reason I still went to church every week” Cas laughed “So we can have weekend long sleepovers”
Dean sighed. “You’re right Cas. It was shitty. I had a choice and I made what seemed like the right one at the time. I stand by it, in this life if you look back too often, you forget how to move forward. I made a choice and I accept that. I was wrong. I should never have done that to you”
“Really?” Dean asked, eyes lighting up. “I just had a hunch so I acted on it, I’m very glad it worked out”
... of not knowing. There is no other justification or rather excuse to it. Although, Meg will hear none of it... I know the exact words that will come out of her mouth.
Halfway lost in the scent, he doesn’t realize when the sound of the water stops and pays no heed whatsoever to the footsteps behind him. It’s his nose, in the end, that alerts him of someone else’s breath in the room. Dean turns, with the cloak still in his hands, and there he is.
It’s more grandiose than practical. It’s the rich folks’ pedestal desk when a plain writing table could’ve easily sufficed. It has decorative round edges and a black leather surface, when one can simply put their things on a wooden top too. And there are a hundred different drawers with antique brass knobs and carvings and embellishments that serve absolutely no purpose. Dean’s quite sure that the humongous thing weighs at least a couple hundred tons. Cas immediately starts rearranging some already impeccably arranged papers, most probably blank ones, on this abomination of a desk, trying his best to seem busy and failing miserably.
. Doesn’t appreciate going out much, our Little Lord. But of course, he loves to read! They’re his first friends and confidante, the books. He drinks in each and every inky black letter etched on the tattered pages. That’s why he already knows so much of the world he’s yet to see! And between us, I think he gets lonely... Of course, that is before you came along,” says Joshua, smiling warmly at Dean, as if he’s grateful.
The Alpha sneaking up on him doesn't end up with Dean instinctively beating the living daylights out of the 'intruder' because this isn’t really a novel affair for them and he’s rather agreeable for some recess right now. Dean sighs deeply as those familiar hands make their familiar journey, caressing his sides, travelling lower and before Dean realizes the drawstrings of his cotton trousers snap open, the fabric easily torn down, giving the Alpha unbridled access. There’s nothing slow and gentle about what follows. His Alpha’s long and skillful fingers swiftly breach his already loose hole, credit to their morning rendezvous at the Dining Table, while his other hand holds Dean firmly in place, still bent over the bottom-shelf of the dusty old cabinet.
Now the problem is – It’s not like the old Beta has a scent that Dean can use to find him, right! And Dean hasn’t ever been here before so
Dean is pretty adamant on leaving me two big slices. I am not sure I am capable of finishing them both even if given a week to do so. I told him that I don’t have much of a sweet tooth. Not like Dean, of course. But he doesn’t listen. His little brother’s got straight A’s (again), so Dean is,
thoughts are vanished. They’re there, still. The only thing that has changed is that they’re acknowledged now. No longer hidden. Latent. Suppressed. There’s a sort of shared understanding under this roof now, mostly unspoken, wordless. This man who was arguably the noisiest creature I’ve ever met in my life has silently brought his tapes and his tastes along and now there are times when I don’t even realize there’s a guitar riff playing in the kitchen.
“Not a castle, that one. It’s a mausoleum,” mutters Kevin. When Becky seems clueless, he continues, “the Queen’s buried there. It’s her tomb.”
So he finally decides to start from something small, like a pie... an apple pie, perhaps. His Alpha has vehemently refused him from entering the Kitchens, as he’s the Castle Omega and ‘deserves to be spoiled’. Hence, Dean first makes sure that his Alpha is occupied with Joshua outside, and makes his way to the Kitchens... well, to search for the Kitchens, to be exact, in this maze of a castle.
It takes Dean a few minutes to open his eyes and for the haze to clear. When he’s finally able to breathe properly he realizes that there’s no knot connecting him to his Alpha. That Cas is out of him already. That Cas didn’t come. His eyes refocus then and there’s Cas – half on top of him while also leaving plenty of space for Dean to move away, gloriously naked and still painfully hard. Staring at Dean with that
... I am not claiming that Meg’s assistance was never needed in the two decades that we’ve spent together.
I know that I am not being fair to Meg right now. She loves me with everything she has. She has defended me for almost all her life now. She had the guts to stand up to Mother for me when even I couldn’t look Mother in the eyes for being..
. She has been there... constantly. Even when Gabe left. Even when Gabe chose to leave. Of course, I’m grateful to have her.
“Forgive me for interrupting but how little are these little lords?” asks Dean, feeling like a dunderhead.
detached and why the darned castle is incapable of housing cheerful people, but he gets the feeling that his little inquiry will not be much welcomed by the old man so he keeps his mouth shut instead.
Dean turns towards the old man and nods sincerely this time, although the earnest request, begging almost, doesn’t fail to confuse him even more. He guesses that Joshua must be behaving like this because of his Little Lord’s impending temper-terror. Dean remembers the first time he cut his own finger on that large knife-cum-spear-thing that certainly doesn’t belong in a kitchen, and how Cas reacted (read: overreacted). His Alpha must be going berserk right now, and he just hopes the sight of cupcakes will help placate his husband. A little.
, Dean. Absolutely nothing! You wrote dozens of pages about the different shades of grey of these ‘godforsaken walls’ and what you ate and what you didn’t eat and the different sizes of all of Joshua’s ‘weird pitchforks’. But never thought to write about going outside, meeting people, having friends or perhaps even working? So the only thing that makes sense is that you never really did. All you ever talked about was-”
The Alpha seems to be holding his tongue right now. Blue eyes roam up and down his torso for a brief moment but that was enough for Dean to put together a few things. Like the controlled stance, the tightened jaw and the elusive red ring outlining the iris.
Dean’s hands abruptly stop and his eyes start searching for the source. He figures out that it’s coming from the cloak lying on the bed... the worn cloak of the Alpha! He brings the cloak right up to his nose and inhales. It’s the scent.
“No no, milord. This isn’t the mart, just the edge of the village. We’ll reach soon, but. A half hour more, I’m afraid,” says Joshua, sounding quite jovial.
about it! Far far away, past the long lonely roads, up over the northern misty hills, just afore the enchanted woods, there lives a
He has never been any good at obeying Alphas, so he takes another step forward, then another and then another one. He doesn’t stop until he’s mere inches from the real source of The Scent. The raw fury is no longer there in those eyes anymore; instead there’s frustration, desperation and a hint of... fear? The Alpha’s not breathing through his nose, again... Did he know about the scent? Does Dean smell like
After almost two months of mated life, Dean finally comes to the conclusion that he couldn’t have been more fortunate. Every day he wakes up in a soft bed, to bellyful meals, with a Mate he’d literally kill to have. Cas is the living embodiment of an ideal Alpha, even finer than those fabricated ones in Lady Hanscum’s trashy fantasy novels. Taking care of Dean’s needs, his likes and dislikes, surprising him with different presents each and every day somehow. With desserts and books and jewels and clothes (and it’s quite important to keep in mind that Dean absolutely did
. He briefly shifts his gaze onto the Alpha again, questioning, disapproving even, carefully regarding the blue-eyed man, and waiting for an explanation perhaps.
It’s not his husband though. Not really. There’s not a speck of blue in those eyes. Blood red is what they are. Pupils blown. Hair a mess more so than usual. Torso much sweatier. Fangs out.
So I channeled my inner Meg and kicked the guy, who was halfway into stripping me out of my sweats, straight in his groin. The guy liked the
being called that, the title. Quite like you I must say! I’ve told him repeatedly that it’s his now, the title, and rightfully so,” the Beta smiles as if remembering a fond memory and says, “But he believes it doesn’t really belong to him, being the youngest. He was never supposed to be the Lord of the Castle really. He had a loving father, a headstrong mother, three alpha brothers, all older than him. But alas, the turn of events...” says the Beta, lost in some faraway thought.
But then he clamps down on that thought, ignores the unpleasant nagging voice inside and finally offers his goodbye to the old man.
Dean laughs at that familiar squint and it suddenly hits him that it’s their first time out here, walking in the garden together, like they’re a normal couple who regularly go out, meet people, take walks in the park. He likes the feeling though, this companionship. The assurance that he’ll look up and Cas will just be there, saying ridiculously dorky things, smiling down on him, the Alpha’s hands always ready to warm him up whenever Dean feels cold.
Dean’s quietly led outside the castle and towards the stables. He wordlessly sees his husband tying the saddle bags and preparing the horses, and not the carriage as Dean had initially thought. He notices that Joshua is nowhere to be seen, it’s just the two of them. Dean should probably ask his husband about his plans, about the surprise. He doesn’t. Dean should probably ask why they aren’t taking the carriage, why they’re riding instead. He doesn’t.
“Missouri. Call me Missouri, son. And it’s quite alright, no harm done. Here, let me help,” says the old lady, Missouri, already crouching down to pick the presents Dean just dropped on the street.
Being with Dean hasn’t magically solved the issues... contrary to what Meg’s shitty novels will have you believe. But it does help. Not much has changed after we had ‘the talk’. Sometimes it’s like that day never happened. Dean’s still the same... Like that’s just how he is... Like that’s the real him. I guess he is, really. Perhaps. Time will tell. Patience is a learned skill and I’m ready to wait.
it looked, his husband’s home. He couldn’t pinpoint the exact reason for the indescribable agitation. It’s not like it’s his first time arriving here, right! Although unlike the first time there are no large hands around his shoulders warming him up, no whispered assurances and no calming scent of his Mate to somewhat soothe him.
“You don’t need to apologize to me, milord! It was sheer folly on my part to not have prepared for your proper Reception when you first arrived to our Castle.”
“Heard ‘em say he drinks their blood too, Beck,” drawls another man from the booth across from Becky’s. Thin as a rake, with long hair almost as bad as Sammy’s. Perhaps even worse. He looks like the most carefree being to ever walk the earth. And he is
But then when the stress builds, I find that somehow there are no blades in the usual places anymore... instead there are two toothbrushes at the counter, a new bee-towel hanging in the bathroom that serves no purpose other than being adorable, and a buttermilk bathing soap that goes against everything that Dean’s so-called masculine self stands for. It’s not about him disturbing my lifestyle or taking up space in my house. I’m happy to share the space with him. It’s just that... I have no control over things anymore.
Dean doesn’t know if Cas meant it to be a statement or a question. Dean clearly remembers that Cas wasn’t anywhere near the brothers when Dean was arguing with Sammy for his Mate’s honor and everything. Cas should’ve been in his Study at the time... to the best of Dean’s knowledge, at least. He
. So the scent-” he makes a vague gesture towards his torso and Cas immediately withdraws, marginally, creating some distance between the two and Dean does
Dean doesn’t recognize the room at first because it’s rather dimly lit, when he himself makes sure to properly light the lamps in all occupied rooms. Perhaps the Alpha purposely turned them down. Dean can still hear the sound of the water so he reckons he has plenty of time to do his job. He goes to the bedside table, quickly refills the jar, kneels down to open the bed-box, and right when he was about to pull, his nose catches it.
It has become a habit now. It’s easier this way. I will pretend to be his normal neighbor here on my porch. Having simple meaningless conversations, unnecessary smiles, pointless discussions (or rather him monologue-ing) about albums I’ve never heard, and then him cleaning the crumbs from my lower lip... Dean’s an incorrigible flirt. The whole neighborhood knows that. It’s another sense of normalcy that I am fortunate to have here talking to him – the fact that he considers me among his list of flirt-worthy neighbors.
old folks with beards the length of an Omega’s skirt, discussing politics or perhaps mustaches for all Dean knows, while from some other corner of the mart he can distinctly make out the beginning of a brawl.
“Oh, a most unfortunate tragedy befell him a few years ago. Lord Castiel was left all alone after, poor soul!” says the Beta with firm eyes, almost unruffled by the words coming out of his own mouth, placid. When he sees Dean barely beginning to try to inquire further, he readily continues,
