"You're not taking my puppy on my birthday," Steve said with a pout, splashing his brother while the other hand rested on Tony's thigh. The water also got Harley who was clinging onto Bucky's neck.
“Like I’m going to strangle you once I get off this floor,” the former assassin growled, laying on the floor for a few moments longer as his head throbbed. After a moment he sat up and rubbed his head, which now felt incredibly foggy.
He sat next to her on the floor watching her, a small smile appearing on his face when she started singing to herself quietly. She was playing with the bubbles, giggling to herself when they tickled her as she made a hat out of them. He let her play for a few more minutes before gently taking a washrag to wash the remnants of her lunch off her body and shampooing her hair.
The steaming milk distracted him from his thoughts as the hot liquid spilled over the cup and onto the counter.
“Of course! Clint, take this monkey,” her uncle said before handing the archer Harley and motioning Daci to follow him. Her nerves started getting to her as she followed her uncle into his bathroom and watched him fill up the water, although seeing the colors and foaming of bubbles squashed some of that.
The three broke apart with a laugh, Tony still holding Peter as the boy tiredly rested his head on the man’s shoulder.
"-It's not that we don't like animals, it's just a lot of upkeep and with our jobs..." Steve trailed off as he thought seriously about it.
“Pan. As in pansexual. As in I’m attracted to people for who they are, not what parts they have.” Peter was still speechless and couldn’t control his mouth gaping like a fish out of water.
“This is late for me,” he said with a smile as the man stood up to walk over to him. Steve took a step back from the smaller man, a smile on his face as he looked between his own clean uniform and Tony’s dirty lab-wear. The brunette pouted at the distance, which made Steve roll his eyes before closing the gap and kissing the man – still keeping his clothes out of reach of the oily and always grabby hands.
Tony wordlessly grabbed the food in one hand and Steve in the other and made their exit - not looking back even though he wanted to. But the kiss Steve brought him into once they were outside made him forget all about it.
If they wanted to have a conversation then dammit they were going to start it – eternally grateful Tony eventually began.
“Good for me and Lex, too,” Bucky added in a whisper, smiling at the blush the woman had. “I’m serious. Maybe it’s cause I watched too many Disney movies, but I thought you’d be evil cause you’re my step-mom. But...you treated us like your own from the beginning. If Mom had lived and they’d just gotten divorced, I honestly think you two would’ve been friends. She would’ve liked you and the two of you would’ve teamed up on making fun of Dad.” Cheryl smiled and chuckled warmly back at him, reaching over to brush some of his hair out of his eyes.
“I don’t care. I like Melanie,” the boy said simply. The happiness etched on his face made Peter’s heart ache in a way he couldn’t describe. Wade looked at Peter a moment longer before shrugging and turning back to their foster son.
“Tinta,” she said back to him, sending a jolt of fear up his spine. So she did know who he was...just not in the way he’d hoped. {
"I can do that?" she asked before shaking her head, startling her brother as she opened the door and motioned for him to go inside. He glared at her a moment before obliging, walking in to a sight he hadn't expected.
"Excuse you," Peter said with restrained anger, "I was raised by two gay men so I'm pretty sure my little brother will turn out fine."
“Let’s go get your girl back, Buck.” Bucky kept his gaze on the woman who was the reason for all of this.
“Well then, it’s settled. You wanna help me propose to him this weekend?” he asked. She nodded yes, but before she could offer any suggestions they heard a knock on the door.
“Alright munchkins, be good for Uncle Clint and Uncle Bucky,” Tony said as he went to his boys to give them kisses as well.
“What happened?” Steve asked as he followed the other Alpha inside, anger slowly deflating from his body.
“They freaked out a little cause of the bruising,” Joey said as she self consciously rubbed her mostly healed wounds. Steve was better at his job than Joey gave him credit for. “But mostly they were cool. Except when they made me promise not to retaliate physically. I will probably eventually break that promise – since she is a certified cunt…”
"Heimdall sent word you had fathered another child, so I came to Earth to meet him. Loki's with me because he's under what you mortals might call...house arrest?" Thor said as his brother rolled his eyes.
who apparently abandoned me with the devil himself and NOW chooses to zombie herself back into my life. So no, Pop, everything isn’t
“I think you’re scared, but tell me this - why would you even bother dating Barnes if you thought he’d act the same way Rumlow did?” she asked, referencing the time Clint had tried to talk to the jerkoff about his PTSD and not wanting to have sex one night. When Brock realized he wasn’t getting in the blonde’s pants, he left. “Because deep down you know you deserve better. And even deeper down in your stupid male brain you know Barnes
“Thank you, I know for a fact Joey loves Simba, so she’ll be happy to see him when she wakes up.” Peter beamed at his answer, gently getting off the bed and running over to hug his dad. Tony happily picked him up in his arms, settling him on his hip as they watched Steve check her pulse on her wrist. He then brushed some hair out of her face and kissed her forehead before slowly extracting himself from the bed. He smiled at the father and son before moving to follow them out quietly.
“then lets get the fucking bus tony, I don’t care, we need to get to our kids NOW” Steve all but cried.
“Let’s try that again, why was he in your balcony, it’s not like he cannot access your room through the normal route of a door” Tony said
She supposed that was the thing about being the children of two superheroes, that you weren’t expected to go into the ‘family business’ because you were expected to do something ‘better’ with your life. But the thing was this ‘family business’ was all that her and Peter had ever known. Lily was born before the avengers were formed, but by the time Peter was born the avengers were assembled, and Lily had come to know this group of superheroes her family.
As she lay him on the floor, she ripped his Spider-Man suit off his small frame and was met with two deep stab wounds to the stomach and a deep gash on the side of his arm.
“What did you do” Steve asked, not bringing himself to imagine what his daughter was going to say next.
Steve followed her and Tony took up the rear. God he was scared, a security breach. By who, how, and most of all why. There had been zero missions In the last year, not since Ultron and frankly Tony was bored. That ruled out enemies apart from those with vendettas, and the only other category were nutters.
“I’m not going to ask you what happened, that can wait until Peter is awake and you have had some rest, but please, if this happens ever again, which is hope to god it doesn’t, wake us up. Believe it or not we do have protocols for when either of you guys gets injured however minor of serious.” Her dad said as he removed his glasses to look her directly in the eyes.
“thanks” said peter as he continued to type furiously on his laptop. He didn’t even look up, as she walked out and went back down the hall.
All that came was muffled groan from the bed. Sighing, Steve ripped the covers off of his husbands and dragged him out of the bed.
They asked so many questions, his name, his age, his relation to her, her age, her name, how this happened, how long he’d been unconscious. She answered them all truthfully, saying that he had turned up on her doorstep like this, and she had done the first thing she could think of. They didn’t ask anymore questions just got on with trying to keep her little brother alive.
“your parents have been notified Peter, all you can do is make your way to their location, they will do the rest” Karen replied her voice sympathetic.
As he neared the room, he looked behind him to find Tony only steps behind him and he grasped his husbands hand and opened the door. There he saw his son, his small figure wrapped in white bandages and gauze, his arm in a sling, wires attached to him, the heart monitor beeping quietly, a radio was playing some kind of chill music. Steve walked round the bed and sat down on the seat beside the bed, suddenly feeling all the adrenaline rush out of him. Tony did the same on the other side of the bed.
“What do you mean it hurts” she said, as she ran onto the balcony and crouched down on the wooden floor next to Peter.
Being careful not to be too loud she got in the elevator and allowed Friday to direct her to the ambulance.
They came rushing towards her with the gurney and placed Peter on the gurney and ushered him and her into the vehicle.
He was tall, and lean, not muscly, but he was physically fit, she could tell, she could see his toned muscles through his black t-shirt.
“I am NOT getting on that death trap with you, when our kids are in danger Rodgers” tony snapped as he punched Happy’s number in his phone.
Lily prepared herself for a loud and public telling off, but instead she got pulled into a crushing hug by her pops. Lily revelled in the warmth and comfort of her pops’ arms. And then she just let it all out. The stress of the past eight hours catching up to her, she couldn’t stop the tears or the sobs that erupted out of her mouth.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
“Lily, honey where are you, are you okay, why is there blood in your room. Where is Peter?” Steve and Tony half shouted down the phone.
As Steve was making breakfast, the knot in his stomach started to tighten, so he stopped what he was cooking, placing the pan on the wooden surface. And he started to walk down the corridor towards Lily’s room.
Lily woke up to the sound of hushed speaking. She couldn’t place where she was. All she knew was that her whole body ached, and her head HURT. As her awareness slowly started to come back to her, she realised where she was.
“yeah I'm alright, just tired, I brought you some coffee, to perk you up a bit” she said as she placed it beside his books on the desk.
Lily was woken up by the same nurse knocking at her door, and entering with a cup of watery coffee and a packet of stale biscuits.
“Well, last night peter turned up on my balcony, having been stabbed multiple times, he needed help, and I didn’t want to wake you, so I asked Friday to call an ambulance and I took him to the hospital. He’s fine now and um one of the nurses asked me to call my parents, so I guess I did” lily said, her voice wavering.
Lily suddenly heard a commotion coming from the reception area, she looked up to find her dad, dressed in caps and sunglasses, harassing the receptionist for news on their son, Peter Rodgers.
“Now that you are awake and coherent, Peter, we need to talk about the small issue of your superhero hobby and secret keeping” Tony said as he sat back in the chair and crosses his arms against his chest.
Her friends from art college had asked whether she wanted to attend a all night drawing party, but she politely declined saying that she was having a family dinner with her dad’s and all her aunts and uncles. Which wasn’t a lie, but in fact she ended up having dinner on her own because her family were called into an emergency meeting with Fury just as they all sat down for dinner.
“Yeah, you were so brave, but we are going to have to talk to you about keeping secrets from your old dads here, and also talk to you about not bleeding out on your sister’s bedroom floor at god knows what hour of the night okay?” Tony said
“Umm, you can have my Pop’s number but can I call him, I don’t want him to freak out.” She said, releasing how stupid that sounded. She could just imagine her dad’s reaction when he finds out that Peter is in the hospital having been shot at god knows what time at night, when he was supposed to be at a sleepover with Ned.
In all the panic, Tony had forgotten that everyone else in the room gets alerted of the silent alarm activation. Natasha was standing there, armed and ready to fight, fury was behind her, gun in hand, and Bruce and Thor were also there.
“Friday, are lily and Peter anywhere in the tower?” He asked, his voice wavering as he pictured the blood in Lily’s room.
It was common knowledge at her college that she was Lily Stark-Rodgers and that her parents were superheroes, she still got occasional gawping looks from newbies but a lot of people didn’t care and actually realised that she was normal and attending the school because she was good at art and not because she had tonnes of money.
“I’m sorry more, for putting all that pressure on you Lily, I never wanted you to deal with that. I mean the occasional few stitches here and there, when I need them is fine, and you assured me that I could wake you up whatever time, whevever I needed to. And frankly when I got shot I’d didn’t know what to do, and all I knew that any medical decision I made would be dangerous to my life and I knew that you would do something sensible, even if it didn’t look it to someone on the outside” Peter said.
“Yes, you’re very welcome, anyway, your son, Peter, is doing well, remarkably the stab wounds are healing remarkably quickly and the one on his arm is doing the same. He is in recovery now, if you would like to see him” doctor Hamilton said, as he gestured towards a small room in the corner of the ward.
Tony was sat in a very uncomfortable chair, in a very cold room, in a very boring meeting, with all the other avengers and fury, all of whom except fury looked thoroughly bored to death.
It was a warm night, the sky was a purpley pink, the light wind blowing the curtains in her bedroom around, they blew around like ballet dancers, Lily thought. She was sat on her bed, headphones on, drawing a picture of a cat she desperately wanted to adopt from the shelter near Peter’s school in queens.
As he approached her room, he realised that her door was wide open, which was unlike Lily, she tended to keep her door ajar, but not wide open. As he walked into her room, he didn’t expect to find, her balcony doors wide open, blowing in cool morning summer air, and a huge pool of dried blood soaking into the wooden floor of her room. Steve immediately ran to the balcony window and was met with more blood soaked into the balcony floor. But what surprised him even more was the discarded Spider-Man suit shoved into the corner of the room, covered in blood and ripped apart. A
“Of course, honey, just let me know when he is on the way”the nurse replied as she got up and opened the door.
He lifted his head to meet the eyes of his husband, those big brown eyes were filled with fear, concern, hints of anger, but most of all relief, that at least 50% of their offspring was okay.
Taking a deep breath, lily prepared herself for the onslaught of questions she will get once her pops answers the phone.
Lily was pulled out of her thoughts by a rather large thump on her balcony, she sat up uickly and whipped her head towards the open doors.
Lily barked some orders at him, but all peter could think about was how now was his time to prove to pops and dad that he could handle the responsibility of being Spiderman, ever since the incident where they unceremoniously found out through him ending up in hospital, they had been avoiding the subject, changing it when he brought it up, or ignoring him.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
“He is breathing, although his heart rate is too slow and he seems to be losing quite a lot of blood” Friday replied
Lily grabbed her sheets of the bed and wrapped them around Peter’s abdomen and arms. She then got dressed herself, putting on some white sweatpants and a red T-shirt. She then quickly ran to peters room and grabbed him some clothes, his phone and his charger. And then picked her brother’s light frame up and placed him on her waist, carrying him like a toddler.
That threw lily, she thought peter had been with her, shed dragged him into the study, but then had let go of his arm to find the silent alarm. It never occurred to her to look and check for her brother, she assumed he'd be behind her.
“It’s one of our on call rooms, but you look like you need more than me, so get some rest and I’ll let you know when you can see your brother okay” the nurse said, in such a kind voice.
A few moments later, Lily joined them and took a seat on the couch underneath the window. Resting her head on the cushion and falling asleep. Steve took off his jacket and gently placed it over her and pressed a small kiss to her forehead.
Fury was rabbiting on in his passionate and slightly aggressive way about rules and laws and the UN and other frankly dull stuff, that tony could do without in his already increasingly stressful life. with two teenagers to raise, one being a superhero and the other being hormonal all the time, alongside running a business and trying to save the world, oh and don’t forget being a god damn good husband, fury was at the very bottom of his priority list.
Peter swung around the east side of the tower, and landed on the balcony of the avengers floor. He slipped in through the smashed window and made his way through the floor and to the stairs.
Lily lay on her bed, the sounds of the city outside the tower lulling her into a light sleep, she had had the most hectic day at school, with a six hour art exam and then immediately after having to give a tour of the school to some new students. She’d only just got home and had immediately slumped on her bed and closed her eyes. Peter was in his room, studying, and there was evidence of some sort of dinner, he had attempted to make in the kitchen, if the mess was anything to go by. Both her parents were out, at some sort of avengers meeting at the site outside of town, and they wouldn’t be back until tomorrow morning. Deciding that sleep wasn’t on her side tonight, Lily got up, grabbed a hoody from the floor of her room, slipped it on and trudged into the kitchen to start to clean up the mess her brother had made.
“pet…” Karen tried to say, but peter had already taken his mask off, he didn’t want to listen to her right now, he needed to help Lily.
So that left her and Peter having the spaghetti for dinner. As usual Peter had wolfed down his whole plate and then had said he was going on patrol and to tell Dad and Pops that he had gone to Ned’s for a sleepover.
He jumped off the edge of the building, shooting a web out to catch the side of the window and as he flew past the window he saw three men coming into the room, grabbing his sister and dragging her out.
He saw the captor reach into his bag, pull out some sort of round cylinder box thing and place it on the floor. The man then walked over to Lily, pulled her chair up, which earned him a pained shout from Lily. He then picked up the box thing and tied it around her feet and the legs of the chair. He pressed a small green button and walked off.
Lily had almost made it down the hall when she heard a massive crash followed by three loud pops. She froze, she knew that sound, had been trained to recognise those signs since she could run fast enough. Shed heard them in training rooms with her aunts and uncles growing up. They were gunshots, bullets as the ripped into whatever stood in the course of flight.
Tony launched himself out of his seat, grabbed his jacket and Steve's hand and practically fell over himself to get out of this god damn meeting and get to new York.
“ so um, please don’t freak, I acted in the way I thought was plausible given the situation.” Lily said
She had approached the topic with Dad, only to receive a ‘go and ask pops, I’m busy’, but Lily hadn’t got round to asking Pops because he’d been training with Aunt Natasha and Uncle Clint all day. So this was Lily found herself at ten o clock at night, drawing a cat she’d probably never be able to own.
Sometimes she wished that she had normal parents, but then she remembered that she wouldn’t have anything near the level of love and adoration directed at her and Peter, and she probably wouldn’t be in the position she is at now in her life. Attending a prestigious art school that frankly cost way too much money for what they did, but she loved every moment of being there. The people all loved art just like her, they all appreciated each other’s talents and she had some pretty awesome friends that didn’t judge her for all her parents money or their jobs.
Peter didn’t have a chance to register the gun raising or the bullet flying towards him. But what he did have time to register was the bullet entering his shoulder, sending him flying to the ground, in an immense cloud of pain and blood.
However the main problem that hit Steve like a tonne of bricks was that, neither of his children were on the floor.
“have fun kids, you have three hours” he said as he walked out, calling distantly for his companions.
After Lily had calmed down and Tony had done his bit, the Doctor told them that Peter was going to be okay and that he was recovering, honestly Steve could have died there and then knowing that both his children were okay. But of course he didn’t, he made his way to the room where his baby boy was.
“don’t be smart with me girl. I'm not here for you, I'm here for your brother, and you are going to tell me where he is” said the man.
“Here, they probably taste awful, but you need something in you” the nurse said as she place the drink and snack on the table and sat beside Lily on the bed.
Peter just stood there as she punched numbers into a pad on the wall which opened a small compartment in the wall, she grabbed the gun stashed in there and the small bag and slung it over her shoulder. She then grabbed her brother’s arm again and dragged them both into the study that took the lift down to her Dad’s lab.
“Tony, he has only just woken up” Steve hissed, just as about three doctors entered the room and started asking Peter loads of questions and pressing all sorts of buttons and prodding Peter.
Tony leant forward to look at his phone which was dancing in small circles on the glass table as it buzzed. As he did he realised that it wasn’t just his phone buzzing, it was everyone's.
“When someone you care about deeply is hurt, everyone reacts differently, it is, perfectly  normal for you to feel this way. Last night your only mission was to get him here, alive, and now he is, you don’t know what to do. Well here is my advice, go in there and be his big sister, make him laugh, be his friend. Your parents will do the rest” Doctor Hamilton said.
As the windows made a robotic wiring sound as they closed, Lily got up to take a cup of coffee to Pete.
Lily finally finished up cleaning the kitchen and had perched herself on the kitchen stool, when she heard a high pitched ringing.
This did get his husbands attention, as she inclined his head toward tony without moving his shoulders.
It was in that moment that Lily decided that she was going to kill her brother, if he didn’t get killed before, and that was if she managed to survive this.
Shit. He recognised that man. He'd failed to save his family in a fire. And now he wanted revenge. wonderful.
When they arrived at the hospital, Peter was whisked away from her and she was left standing in the reception foyer, covered in his blood. She probably looked a fright to anyone who passed her.
“Friday, what time is it?” lily asked as she poured a load of hot water and soap into a crusty looking pan.
Lily sat in a very hard, plastic chair, her head rested against the cold tiled wall. As she waited for her dads to storm the entrance.
He had three guns on him, one of them being the one she got out of the cupboard in the wall. Two daggers, one carefully placed in a sheath on each thigh. He also had some sort of spear folded and sheathed over his back.
“About that, look I was going to tell you, but then it seemed better to tell Lily, because then I’d have someone to defend me when I told you guys, but obviously I wasn’t expecting for it come out like this” Peter said
“It was Tony, okay? But I wouldn’t ask if I didn’t genuinely want to do that! You are…an amazing and hilarious young woman and I would absolutely love to spoil you.” The embarrassment Joey felt quickly subsided in favor of the love she felt in her chest.
.” She was shaking with rage, wanting nothing more than to inflict as much violence as possible on this imposter. But she knew her Pops wouldn’t let that happen, instead deciding to grab his hand and power walk to his car.
"What if you intern at SI during the day and patrol most nights? I won't even grumble about turning down the ten colleges you got accepted too," his Dad said in compromise. Peter's brows furrowed as he opened his eyes a little, skeptical of the other father. His Pop just rested his head on top of his Dad's head after wrapping his arms around his husband's waist; surprisingly smiling at Peter.
When he woke the third time, it was unlike anything he had every experienced. He had muscles. Like, muscle-muscles. He was always toned, working out with his Pops and playing multiple sports. But he never had a goddamn six-pack. Pushing all of this new and exciting sensory overload to the side for the moment, he focuses on getting out.
“So Harley, Steve tells me you like dinosaurs. Do you have a favorite?” Clint asked the boy, leaning forward to address the pup.
"Miles does need the flowers more, he's stinky," Wade teased as Peter chuckled a little at the coincidence. Miles laughed and started to protest but Peter interrupted him.
“You don’t want to talk to Nat. You don’t want to talk to me. And you aren’t ready to talk to a therapist,” James said matter of factly, cutting Clint to the core. “So...I brought something that I think would help…”
"Yeah, he told me about you," she said as she looked up at him. The man smiled at her, staring at her a moment longer before saying something to his men in their language.
“I agree,” Tony said quickly, closing the small gap between them. “I was thinking more…babysitting duty?” he suggested with a wink, knowing May was out but would be back in town to have Peter and Joey on the day of his surgery. Which still gave them two nights together before he’d be incapacitated…
“And how are you, my sweet perfect Alpha?” Tony asked, squeezing the blonde’s arm and kissing Peter on his little head.
“Unca Ro!” Morgan shouted in excitement, reaching out to her uncle with sticky fingers. Tony shared a look with Steve, surprised at the smile and wink his husband threw at him. Which was weird, cause wasn’t he mad at him the last time they saw each other?
The elevators dinged open, shaking him out of his thoughts as he walked into the living room. It was empty, Steve checking his watch to see it was a little after nine. So Peter was in bed…but where was his husband and daughter? He walked into the kitchen, finding no one in there either. His brows furrowed as he decided to check his husband’s lab.
“Petey, you remember me saying you’d meet my special friend today?” he asked as he rubbed the boy’s back.
“We’re still cute,” Sarah argued, getting a giggle out of the teen as the three heard the doorbell ring. “Oh no, Joe must’ve ‘fished’ his keys into the lake again…”
“Can’t you two sit there without acting like you have ants in your pants?” Tony asked, opting for the change in subject.
“And I’m so sorry I haven’t made that anything but obvious to you, Tony. I love you so much…I want to spend the rest of my life with you.”
“You’re sure you're alright though, Tony?” Joe asked apprehensively as he approached the two, concern in his voice that put a big smile on Tony’s face.
“Or, something’s actually wrong and you’re too dumb to get it checked out,” Rhodey said, crossing his arms over his chest for good measure.
"You don't want to open the others?" Steve asked as Pepper was already clearing space on the table for the giant cake.
"Oh don't be so immature, Tony. I got your messages and came to check in on our son." Tony could feel his anger spiking as he shut down his work to face the asshole. Both so he could focus his anger and also in case Ty had ulterior motives for coming to his workshop.
Which – shockingly – woke up the guy recovering from surgery as he blinked his eyes awake. Joey saw him frown at the sight before him before speaking up.
Except, he wasn’t strong enough to move anything. Nothing even budge. Panic really started to set in and even spiral when he realized he was actually trapped.
,” the shorter blonde said with a laugh, looking over at James for back up. His smile dropped when he saw him just staring out the window.
After their third date, his dads insisted on meeting Wade. They had made plans for the five of them to go out, when the Avengers siren went off, signaling Tony and Steve had to immediately suit up and leave. Peter didn’t entirely mind, though he still obviously cared for their safety, was glad to temporarily prolong the inevitable torture.
He finally emerged from his lab, content with the newest updates to Clint’s arrows. He thought he would be home alone, since Steve and Emerson went out on a picnic and Peter had a competition and would be gone until tomorrow. He was surprised to hear the television on, opting to fulfill his curiosity as he made his way to the living room. He could only see the back of his husband’s blonde head above the couch, quietly making his way over. He stopped short when he saw Steve had a lump in his lap, registering their daughter.
“They saw your picture on the internet and…called you by some homophobic slurs…made fun of you. So I told them to go fuck themselves and came back early. That’s what happened, Steve.”
“Really Ma?” Bucky asked with a glare as the woman shrugged her shoulders before going to set down what they brought into the kitchen.
“Doll?” Okay, that cheesy endearment could probably be attributed to his insecure brain, as he only responded by wrapping his arms around his husband and hugging him tightly. Steve quickly returned the hug, maneuvering the two so they were on their sides facing each other, still intertwined. “What’s wrong? I know you’ve been keeping something from me these last few weeks…” Tony only hid his face in the crook of Steve’s neck, hating and loving his husband for seeing right through him.
“And I’m not squishing him anymore,” Clint said in his defense, squeezing his brother’s ribs harder for a few more seconds before eventually releasing him. “But I’m allowed to squish you cause you almost died, you asshole.”
“Want me to move that box for you?” she asked with a coy smile, smiling brighter when the blonde let out an enthusiastic laugh. Man, she really liked Clint.
"I...I found out something. And I just...wasn't sure if I could tell you guys," the teen confessed as she moved to further curl in on herself. Tony looked over to his husband who looked sadly at their kid. "I wasn't sure if I could trust you," she continued and stopped when she saw the hurt in Tony's face.
“–you know Kevin that sounds an awful lot like an excuse, which I distinctly remember saying I don’t need right now…”
Deadpool. And for a somewhat good reason. Miles had apparently witnessed the vigilante slaughter around forty men with his swords. Granted, the men were part of a sex trafficking ring - but murder was murder to a five year old. And the thing is, it killed Wade. Even if the man wouldn't say it, no matter how many times Peter tried to get it out of him, it was obvious it affected him.
“Was it the noise? Were we being too loud?” James asked gently as he rubbed his thumb against Clint’s knuckles. The blonde shook his head no before sighing loudly. He gently released his grip and sat down on the porch steps, waiting for James to join him.
“I’ve known Ty my whole life,” Tony began as Steve sat forward to pay attention. “Our parents were friends. When I came out to my parents as bisexual, they were appalled…until I told them who I was dating. Ty was my first boyfriend and…” he looked away again, tears in his eyes when he eventually looked back at Steve.
Evil mastermind he was not, as he and the teens were passed out in the recliners, covered in a mass of shared blankets.
Tony was supple and pliant below him, making the absolute best sounds Steve had ever heard. They both came at the same time, the blonde feeling himself continue to cum as the Omega practically vibrated below him. When he eventually pulled out, he excused himself to grab some tissues before coming back and cleaning the Omega off. Tony purred as he finished up, grabbing Steve’s hand when he finished and yanking him back down on the bed.
"Those men that Deadpool killed? They were doing the same thing. They were taking little girls and boys, ripping them away from their families and selling them to other bad men. So yes, killing is wrong, but he did it to save hundreds of little boys and girls. I wish Deadpool was around when I was little so someone could've saved me," she finished with a whisper, a single tear falling down her cheek at her confession.
“You are however grounded for a week,” Steve said, smiling when the teen groaned as he moved his hand to ruffle her hair. “Alright, I think we’ve all had enough for one night; it’s late. Why don’t you two come sleep in our room tonight? We can talk more tomorrow,” he said petting his daughter’s hair. Emerson slowly got off Tony’s lap to stand up, stretching and yawning.
“Joey, I didn’t need her confession to believe you,” he said quietly. The teen simply blinked a few times in response, not fully processing those words. He looked away with a small smile before bringing her back into his crushing embrace.
“And I love you, kiddo, even if you’re not yet a believer.” He looked at her a moment longer before gently draping his hand down her face, much to her dismay.
“Likewise. Thanks for looking out for this obnoxious shithead for me. Lexi is your big sister, right? How’s she been? She single?”
His Alpha was right, they should focus on the here and now. And the fact that they now had two pups. Two healthy, strong, loving and beautiful baby boys.
Peter felt incredibly lucky and didn’t mind some of the sideways glances at the couple when they entered. Wade, ever the rebel, noticed some of the stares and simply grabbed Peter’s hand, interlocking their fingers. “We are just too damn sexy,” Wade whispered as they made their way to the dance floor.
“But you’re not. You’re amazing, Peter. You’re the best little brother I could’ve ever asked for,” she finished as she dug her fingers into the boy’s ribs, laughing along with him.
, there’s probably a lot more that wasn’t said. We’ll figure out the suspension stuff later, right now… I’m kind of feeling impromptu sundaes-before-dinner…” He squinted a little as he smiled at the two, who took a moment to register his words.
“What?” Steve asked innocently. “He’s a good boy,” he said, turning back to the bot that was waving his claw around in agreement.
“Tell Rhodey I say hi,” she added, chuckling when he laughed into the phone. “She says hi, okay I’ll tell her, bye Rhodes. Jo, Rhodey says hey,” he said with a smile as he sat up to face her.
When he opened his arms she accepted the invitation instantly, hugging her father with Wolf squished between them.
And Tony...well Tony was living his best life. He had the perfect mate, two amazing sons, the job he’d worked his whole life for and friends who were basically family.
“You’re not freaking out?” Tony asked when Steve moved back down to his flat stomach. “I mean you’re twenty three Steve…” The Alpha whipped his head up at that, an adorable confused expression written on his face.
Peter’s hands went up in shock, standing back in fear a little away from the superhero. Clint’s eyes burned with so much anger Peter wondered if his uncle would actually hit him.
“Fine, by the bleachers after school; I didn’t realize you wanted your ass kicked that badly,” she sneered at the blonde. Another set of ‘ooh’s made their way around the group, before immediately being cut off by a passing teacher. Who also happened to be her English teacher.
“-yeah, I got it,” Clint said in a clipped tone, hating himself for sounding childish. The front door opened and in walked a beautiful blonde in her thirties.
“Wait,” he said quietly as he pulled his own phone out - the one Tony gave him that had once belonged to Tony. He scrolled through the contacts list, wondering why neither Tony nor himself had deleted them, when sure enough - Jarvis was listed under J.
She threw a glare his way, glare deepening when a group of passing girls laughed at that. Xavier threw her an apologetic look before leaning closer to her. She waited for the nosy girls to keep moving before answering him.
“Oh?” Bucky asked as he handed him a glass. “You can have one of my siblings, if you want. And I still have an older sister I’m willing to negotiate for.”
"Can we wear these out?" Miles asked excitedly as he ran to show his other father the entirety of his outfit. Steve looked perplexed as he looked around for a store employee, smiling as a young woman came over to help them.
Forgot all about them when they eventually made their way home, where he scented his younger pup before cuddling up with his mate to feed them.
“I’m kidding! Obviously. You’re smart,” James said as he leaned in to kiss him, stopping just before their lips touched to say, “for a blonde.” Clint immediately shoved him before an idea popped into his head. Before his boyfriend could retaliate - he pinched around the back of the brunette’s neck until James shrieked with laughter.
…redeeming qualities. Including having the money to use the best lawyers to help. And as for Joey, just…tell her the situation and give her other avenues for teenage rebellion that won’t ruin your career.” Steve found himself smiling again.
Shame gave him goosebumps as he considered his first reaction to the news of her trauma with anger, as if it was in anyway her fault.
“Of course you would, cause it would mean you would get a cut to purchase whatever drug you decided to shoot into your neck that week,” words spitting out like acid.
“Hey,” James growled, “what have I told you about insulting my boyfriend?” Clint rolled his eyes as he felt the brunette’s hands reached down to pinch the blonde’s ass, making the shorter teen yelp in laughter. “I believe it had something to do with kicking an ass?” James asked rhetorically, as he kept tickling Clint who started to shriek from laughter. “Except this ass I could never kick, it’s too perfect. Might spank it though...or bite it...wait...Clint?”
“…Emerson Smith? What about that? I like that name.” For the first time, she smiled at Wendy, nodding her head in confirmation. “Emerson it is. Welcome to your new life, Emerson.”
And then, the worst pain she had ever experienced commenced. He was stronger and taller than her Dad had ever been.
When Peter remained in the same spot, Emerson couldn’t help a “tsk-tsk” and head-shake from her foster-brothers antics.  A moment later, Steve returned, not surprised to find his son hadn’t moved. Instead of picking Peter up and moving him, Steve surprised the two by slowly moving around the couch until he was able to flop on top of an unexpected Peter, who offered a squeak in response. Steve laid on his back, stretching his limbs dramatically over Peter who was failing at moving the super soldier.
He took a breath to calm himself before giving her a nod, using the opportunity of her releasing his wrist to calmly make his way over to Clint. He had been avoiding apologizing after his only thought was getting Daci back, grateful to see the man readily accept the call when JARVIS sounded the alarm.
In the street. There were three hooded figures that grabbed her the moment she stepped outside. She had tried to yell, cause a scene as they quickly dragged her to a white van, but one of the thugs had covered her mouth and nose with a white cloth. And then darkness, until now.
Steve couldn’t help the smile and head shake. “You wanna play it that way?” he said with an especially thick Brooklyn accent, slowly making himself stand and over exaggeratingly dusting his clothes off. “Fine. But just know, you two brought this upon yourselves,” he said pointing a finger at the pair. What they expected was a boulder of a man throwing himself on top of them. What they got, was a super soldier calmly walking over to his husband – maintaining a glare to the two – before throwing his leg over to straddle the man, promptly sitting in his lap.
“Nice to meet you,” Tony said with a smile, sticking his hand out for Steve to shake. As Steve did, he felt a small electrical shock that he chalked up to static.
“Well,” her Pop sighed with disappointment as he brought them all plates in one go, “the reason I wanted you
"We could get one on the way, if you want," James said sincerely, love and affection radiating off of him in such copious amounts Clint wonders how he could ever doubt his love.
the one grave-robbing,” pausing to hear her laugh. “Hey, so I was calling cause I was wondering if you had any plans today?”
“Have fun Uncle Tony and Uncle Steve,” Daci said, almost taking it back with the shocked look on everyone’s face. But then her uncles had matching grins that warmed her heart.
“Tony, darling, you’re looking lovely as always! How have you been?” The Alpha practically purred out, looking the same except now sporting a full beard.
here?” Tony found himself chuckling at that, shaking his head in response as he beckoned her again to join him.
“Be nice,” she said with her own stern expression, which quickly broke when the archer bellowed in laughter.
“Are you shit–” his longtime friend began dramatically, “STEVEN. Two weeks ago they wrote “KICK ME” on my wings! MY WINGS MAN!” he said bellowing with laughter along with his friend.
The brunette used that opportunity to go to the bathroom on the other side of the building, not noticing a few guys following behind him.
It went about as well as expected. Peter and Wade had dropped the twins off with his dads before taking Leo to the DHS office. After ten minutes of waiting in the lobby and speculating, Wade got up to use the restroom.
Steve wasn’t sure what to say to the pup. Part of him wanted to dish some harsh truths about the Alpha, while the other part wanted to spare the pup’s feelings and make up an excuse. But Steve couldn’t find it in himself to make an excuse for that poor excuse of a father, so instead tried to distract the pup once more.
He was probably getting up to leave, realizing that Clint just wasn’t worth all of this. They had a good run, but all good things must come to an end.
Fun note - this is based on a true story. I ninja mind tricked my brother during Uno, however it only worked once. One glorious and victorious time.
“You want Papa to help you do a handstand?” he asked the girl with a smile, not waiting for an answer as he gently grabbed her chubby little legs to flip her upside down. The baby burst out laughing, hands trying to stay still on the floor as the others joined them.
“No!” he screamed, tiny hand reaching out to stop the teen. Tears prickled in her eyes as the guilt reappeared in her stomach.
“Yeah,” Steve said with a nod, leading the two over to sit on his bed. Tony followed him before gingerly tracing his finger along the spine, looking up at him to make sure he was okay. Steve just smiled and nodded, rolling his eyes fondly at the brunette.
The first time he felt pain through the bond, it was the worst pain he had ever experienced. Steve had been shot in war, watched his brother’s arm get blown off, but it didn’t compare to the pain that came through his bond.
“Is...is that okay?” she asked her brunette father, suddenly wondering if he didn’t like her calling Clint that. His expression softened immediately as he smiled and pulled her back into a hug.
Steve hummed in thought as he slowly started unbuttoning his button down shirt. Tony stared at his hands, a smile spreading across his face as he watched his husband undress. The brunette raised a brow at the blonde, who smirked back at him before idly throwing his uniform top over the nearest chair closest to them.
“– What about fucking me? Do you want to fuck me right now, Tony?” she was being crude and blunt, she knew, but she also knew he needed to really listen to her right now.
“-no don’t. Everything’s fine, life has been hectic and I only just remembered yesterday,” Steve quickly said in reassurance, walking over to Tony and gently placing his hands on the genius’ cheeks. “Let’s just agree to make it up to each other on your private beach. And the swing. And in the hot tub,” the blonde said, which got Tony laughing, cut off when his husband kissed him. Warmth flooded through his veins and made him forget all about Steve’s conversation.
“Me neither,” she added, “we got an A.” He saw the way her smile turned into teasing grin, rolling his eyes at her as she stood up to leave.
Emerson stood up and stretched out a little, nodding to the other end of the pool and waiting for her nephew to stand up before leading the two to the shallow end. They sat in the water, which still came up to the boy’s chest, watching the others splash and throw the toddlers around.
It was a short walk to her destination. She knew the other person would meet her at the nearby building. Kimberly was already waiting for her, Emerson not entirely sure how had she beat her there.
“Whatever you say, Parker.” Wade was the only person that called him by his middle name. He had said (when he was a sophomore and Peter was a freshman) that it was because Peter Rabbit had scarred him as a kid. Literally offering no other explanation. It was in passing, Wade had been dating a senior girl at the time and Peter was already too sexually-confused and crushing on him to care. They only spoke on occasion after that. Peter always jealous of the older women Wade dated, just earning a light tease like an older brother would from the gorgeous man.
She reminds him of a baby koala bear, curling in on herself like that. It hurt the father, knowing his kid was in such pain with guilt. She probably felt incredibly horrible for lying to them about Peter and sneaking out! The parents were going to have to convince her that she was still loved while also implementing some kind of punishment. They all sat in silence a moment longer before she spoke.
at not only saying the words aloud, but more so Steve’s reaction. How furious he will be at Ty and…how pathetic he might think Tony is for not leaving him sooner.
“My mother has been dead for three years, mister. I don’t need another one,” Sarah said, interrupting Tony’s thoughts and making the teen bark out in laughter. He quickly quieted down with the look Joe gave him.
“Starks are good people, too,” she said with a blush that warmed the genius’ heart. He smiled at her another moment before addressing the ceiling.
“Breathe, Tony. We are not kicking you out,” his father said more gently than he’d ever heard him, a firm hand on his shoulder bringing him back to the present and realizing he’d said those things out loud.
“There are different ways to drug someone, Bucky. And judging from the tangy smell, dilated eyes and attitude towards her, I’d say it was through perfume,” Banner explained. “I haven’t seen it in at least ten years, but there’s a plant native to the Amazon rainforest, and when you burn it and mix it with other things, add bit of magic…”
They sat quietly for another few minutes, Steve again waiting patiently for her to make the next move.
, she thinks. Typically Happy gave her about thirty minutes to walk, but she got a text from him that he was picking her up after three.
“Everyone’s alive, I assure you, they just got…injured,” he said as he weaved in and out of traffic. “And by them I mean Tony and Peter – yes Peter – who apparently skipped his final brainiac competition to quote unquote help. He got hurt saving your dad, who is currently in a medically induced coma from being crushed under a building. I’m taking you to the hospital where Steve is waiting for you,” he finished with an unsure cough.
“The flour is just the tip of the iceberg!” Bucky piped in, trying to defend himself. “She also tried to stick a fork in an electric outlet after I told her a
“Sorry, Dad,” Emerson said as she gently got off the bed. Tony was about to protest but she quickly ran to the other side of the bed to tackle-hug Peter – somehow not jostling the injured man too hard.
Finally, he unlocked his phone and dialed the number, pressing the green button before he could chicken out.
“Can I um...do something for you Clint?” the brunette asked, though there was a hint of a smile in his voice. He shifted the toddler in his arms as the boy started getting cuddly. It was pretty damn cute.
“Guys! Seriously?!” he snapped, reaching over to swat his boyfriend when the genius only whistled in encouragement. Bucky finally let Clint down, arms still around the blonde as he turned to give Steve his infamous unimpressed look.
tell him while I help Miles take his bags upstairs," Steve said as he moved to stand up off the couch. He noted that his daughter grimaced at the prospect, tucking that away when they'd eventually be alone. Currently, though, Tony was trying to intervene with his husband finding the possibly over abundance of toys when Miles helped postpone the inevitable lecture with an interruption.
"Go fast Joey! We can't have cake until you open them all," Peter said as he shoved the other gifts in her direction.
“How are you so sure?” Clint asked, a little insecurity creeping in even as he was being given everything he’d ever wanted in life.
Tony kept the squeal to himself but did do a little dance, she can’t see him over the ancient phone.
He sat fidgeting next to an eerily calm Wade, waiting for his dads and sister to join them. Wade continued munching on the bread, humming some song Peter didn’t bother trying to recognize. He felt an elbow to his side, looking up to see his family approaching their table.
“I had such high hopes for you, Anthony. I knew when you presented as an Omega this world would be hard for you. I guess I was just hoping you’d use what’s in your head rather than what’s between your legs…” That was a gut punch for Tony, watching in silence as his parents left the room together. He collapsed back onto the couch behind him and let himself cry.
After a moment of hesitation, she quietly makes her way to her parents’ bedroom. Her tears are still free-flowing as she slowly puts one foot in front of the other, feeling numb all over. When she reaches her destination, she finds herself freezing again.
“And we are two well trained superheroes who aren’t going anywhere anytime soon. Long haul, right?” The billionaire laughed while shaking his head, should’ve known his love would be able to read his mind again.
It was a short ride to the country club that was hosting them, the teens all filing out and talking amongst themselves in excitement. Buck had never even wanted to go to prom, skipping on the chance last year to sleep with some freshman.
“I’m Steve, by the way,” his handsome Alpha offered, extending his hand in greeting. But Ty being the asshole he was, ignored Steve altogether and focused on Tony’s son.
If you're wondering why her last name changes - it's because I honestly don't know how hyphenated last names work. So Rogers is her middle name.
"You've got yourself a deal, Bambi," his Dad said as he extended his hand. Peter smiled as he reached his own hand out to shake it, only before his Dad pulled the teen back into his parent's embrace.
No surprise, he won homecoming king. And even though Ashley won queen, Tony found himself smiling anyway. Cause Steve had scanned the crowd to make eye contact with him and threw him a wink.
"Well we don't want to over stay our welcome, we should be getting back to Asgard anyway," Thor said as he loudly clapped his brother's shoulder.
Once outside and heading toward the open car door Happy had for them, they verbalized their approval.
“Thanks?” Bucky said with a laugh, falling on his back to watch the puppet show. “I’m sorry about Rumlow though, dude’s an ass,” he said more quietly.
She focused on Maria’s face and soothing words, ignoring the garble of noises coming from the other teenagers. When she could breathe again, but still leaking tears, the policewoman gently stood her up and led her out of the cell and down the hall.
“My dad died when I was thirteen and my mom remarried three months later. And six weeks after that, my step-father started molesting me. It went on for years. When I finally gathered the courage to tell my mom, she told me that liars go to hell and I shouldn’t dress provocatively if I don’t want that kind of attention. Kinda contradictory, isn’t it?” she rhetorically asked with a laugh, hurting Bucky’s heart more as she continued.
She and her older brother quickly distracted Miles from their parents, knowing playing some video games would be better then being scarred for the rest of his life.
"So, Peter how are we getting back at these so called teachers?" she asked, chuckling when she heard her parents groan in protest.
“Mr. Rogers, I’m glad you could join us. We were waiting on both parents to show up before retelling the story. Now, from several teachers’ and students’ recounts, it’s obvious that one or all of these students may be expelled for a small amount of time –”
“Sir is currently in his lab passed out on the floor due to the copious of amount of alcohol he consumed this evening.”
“You son of a bitch, trying to frame me because your little step-delinquent got shit-faced?” Voldemort sneered at him as he felt Steve shift to stand in between them. He stood glaring, feeling Steve take a breath to speak before they were interrupted by a certain teen.
“Please don’t kill Jackson,” James said, interrupting his thoughts. “I don’t want to have to explain that to my dad.” Clint gently put the boy on his hip, pouting at the brunette who had raised a brow back at the blonde.
. And it’s not like they didn’t have a right to be. But Steve also knew about being experimented on in the army…and he also knew what it felt like to love someone who runs from love when they don’t feel good enough. He had to convince Tony he loved him nearly daily since he had first said the words. Over twenty years later and he still does it from time to time. Though it seemed the thick headed love of his life had started to believe him over the last few years. That he was good and deserved all the love in the world.
He watched his son walk away before turning to look at the man who wasn’t even twenty years old yet. The fake mustache didn’t help him look any older, having the opposite effect. He heard footsteps and turned to see Emerson round the corner, running past Peter to him.
“Well, now you’ve gone too far, I rescind my offer!” Steve kissed him quiet again with a smile on his face, gently pulling back and adding one more peck to those plump lips. “You’re a tough negotiator, but you can wear clothes on Mondays,” Tony said in a daze, getting a laugh out of the blonde.
had insulted my family; but I refuse to continue to sit here and do so. Or else I’d have to call one of my husband’s
She woke up first, blinking herself awake as she noticed her father still sleeping. She decided to try for the hundredth time, shifting a little in his arms and immediately waking him. With a pout, she untangled herself from his arms and stretched her arms above her head.
“Can I be a Rogers instead?” Em turned to ask Steve, who in turn spit out his coffee before he bellowed with laughter. She smiled back at him, watching him clean up his spill before walking over to her to ruffle her hair in jest. “Don’t let Mr. Humble hear you say that, pumpkin. Poor guy may have an aneurism,” Steve said before making his way to follow his husband. “You coming kiddo?”
She remembers hugging him tight in return, laughing as his hands moved down to start tickling her once they got inside – the man knew all her spots, taking full advantage of that as she tried to escape him.
“Alright, I’ll cover for you. Go get your pup.” Steve tried to smile at the words, but mostly he was insecure and too angry to cherish them. So he marched on, out to his car and maybe speeding a little for the ten minutes it normally took...maybe making it in six.
Because right now, right here. He had the sexiest man alive on top of him, on his private beach, reassuring Tony that he loved him and wanted to be with him.
“Daddy!” she said as she ran to him, almost dropping Simba in the process, before she jumped into his arms.
“Yes! Thank you Pop,” she said before sticking her tongue out at the other man. Who, of course, maturely returned the gesture.
“You should take it as a compliment man,” Sam offered as they pulled in to the station. “He’s not bad looking himself.”
But to have malicious sluts trigger something out of you that left her unconscious and vulnerable like that? What if they removed her clothes and took pictures? What if there’s more pictures than the ones they posted? Or what if they invited one of the three guys that also got arrested to…do things to her?
“Jo, you okay?” Steve asked with concern. That seemed to shake her out of it, turning to smile at the group and walking over.
“Nice meeting you guys,” Clint said quietly before walking through the kitchen and straight out the front door.
“Yes dada, now come on baby,” his brother said as he dragged the girl back to focus on the task at hand. He sat up on his knees, holding her by her hands like Steve had as he walked the two over to the younger teen.
“Listen, you are welcome to stay here as long as you want. And I don’t expect you to just move on from her, okay? I just…want to ask you to try?” he asked gently as Steve grabbed a nearby napkin to wipe his face.
“Oh, you wanna be smart right now? Is that what you really wanna do?” he said as he raised his hands to rest on his hips.
“What happened, baby?” Tony whispered as his smile morphed into a frown. Steve kept his hand against his cheek, thumb still gently tracing his cheek bone.
“Fis ‘s amafing,” the pup said around a mouthful of cookie, prompting his Daddy to flick the boy’s ear.
"Peter!" he heard his Dad croak out upon realizing his son's presence, causing the other zombies to raise from their blanket grave. They offered mumbled greetings before their Dad started coughing up a lung.
“-so after invading my privacy you decided to dictate my workout?” she snaps in disbelief, a small voice in her head saying her anger shouldn’t be directed at him.
Happy left the bags on their floor before riding back down, having other jobs to do today. The father and son grabbed the other bags to drag them in to the living room, joining Steve and Emerson as they sipped on some of Steve's hot chocolate. Emerson shared her cup with Miles who abandoned the bags to sit next to her, carefully sipping the mug as Tony moved to sit next to his husband.
“I love you, very much kiddo,” he said looking into both of her eyes. “I hope someday you really see that…” She knew what he was saying, knew that he was aware of something dark that had happened that she refused to talk about. He had seen her several times in the early hours of the morning, trying to comfort herself after a nightmare as she watched TV in the living room, occasionally joining her after he finished tinkering in his lab. He knew what it was like to have your past demons haunt you, but Emerson also knew his demons. Knew they didn’t mean he deserved any less. Though…she does recall him also calling himself a monster…
Peter’s head had turned slightly at “seven o’clock,” watching closely at the people she was talking about. One of the things exchanged was a clear bag of white stuff quickly shoved inside a paper bag.
- sexually assault Omegas? And it's always been illegal, but Alphas have used their Voice to make children under twelve do things too."
He extended his hand before asking, “how bout some hot chocolate?” glad she returned his smile and offer, standing up with him and following him to the kitchen.
"Alright Petey, what are you trying to butter us up for?" his Pop asked as he accepted his bouquet of daises and chocolate covered pomegranates.
,” he finished with a whisper. Her arms, which were loose in shock quickly constricted Bucky in a tight hug.
“Oh hi, I was wondering who’s cute bike was outside. Who’s your friend?” Mrs. Barnes asked with a kind smile as she walked by Clint to grab a glass. Clint felt himself blush at not thinking to hide his bike.
“Put that out, Barton,” the man said after sneaking up on him, causing the teen to yelp in surprise.
She’s definitely suffocating, tears freely spilling down her cheeks as she recoils from the dark figures of authority in front of her.
Her heart ached with all that’s happened today. She was too tired to continue playing like this woman was the real reason she was so upset.
not going anywhere… though your other dad could use more sleep and less caffeine…” he said pointedly, getting a small giggle from the teen and a scoff from his husband.
He stops by a nearby floral shop to get daises and tulips, his Pop and Dad's favorites, before picking up chocolate covered fruits - blueberries for his Dad. The cherry on top was a trip to the post office, picking up the custom travel mugs he had ordered. They both said "my husband is better than yours," and had each other's hero memorabilia plastered over them. He texts his dads a reminder before he drove over to the Tower.
She takes shuddering breaths that quicken beyond her control, hyperventilating to the point that she feels like she’s suffocating.
“Oh, well...he has a few jobs right now,” he answered truthfully, aware he’d never really been able to lie to his Mother. “He works part-time for his grandfather’s gym and part-time teaching pups art at the rec center.” His Mama hummed before continuing, which Tony counted as a temporary win.
“I’m kidding baby,” Wade said as he kissed his cheek before pulling back to look him in the eye. “I’ll help in any way I can, you know that.”
He still felt guilty, even though his husband reminded him many times on the plane ride over that they needed this. It wasn’t until he looked out the window and saw the beautiful island that he was finally starting to agree with his husband. He turned to the man who was equally giddy with excitement as they began their descent.
“However,” he said more seriously, “should Stone be given the right ammunition…” Steve’s brows furrowed as he considered that.
“Of course I’m telling on you,” Emerson said as she walked directly to Peter, Wade on her tail. “Peter, your father took your new kid down to his
“No, it’s fine. Been around plenty of drunks in my life.” And...maybe Steve was just imagining things but it seemed like Tony looked at Steve’s lips when he said that. Almost as if he didn’t mind what Bucky said…
“Let me tell you about how much your future husband sucks at fishing,” Joe said, slinging an arm around Tony’s shoulders and leading the two inside.
“Jokes are supposed to be funny,” she accused with a glare as she watched Clint fail to hold back a laugh.
They sat in silence for a moment, with only the sounds of quiet babbling and small splashing, until the sadness that she could never experience this settled in. She slumped down a little, wiping the bubbles off her hand with a nearby towel.
“Oh my grandson, have I got some stories to share with you,” Howard said, standing up and grabbing the pup’s arm. “Come along to my study, I have a few photo albums to show you.”
“Mr. Stark, unless a judge can see you are in imminent danger, then we don’t have legal action to file another–”
Steve relished the laughter a moment longer before moving to help his son from being tickled to death.
Shit, Steve thought to himself, how the hell was he supposed to handle this? He continued walking, now towards the teen who realized he was near. He did the only thing he thought was appropriate at this moment.
“Love you too,” Tony said with a blush, grabbing his mate’s hand and leading the two to Harley’s room. Tony gave his mate a smile and leaned up for one more kiss before letting go of his hand.
“Piggy back ride?” the blonde asked the other man with a smirk, fumbling when the brunette dropped his hand from the weird question. “Hey!” Clint cried in protest when her Tati took a step away from him. Daci saw her opportunity and took a step towards the blonde, reaching up and offering the man her hand for support. Without hesitation, the blonde grabbed her hand with a big smile on his face. “Thank you, favorite Barnes,” he said before sticking his tongue out at the older man, which got a giggle out of the girl.
“Okay, yes, I’m sorry,” she shot an apologetic look at May, who simply smiled at the teen before grabbing their empty bottles and taking them to the kitchen to give her some privacy.
“Yeah, really people may not know it was her but might get suspicious if you’re yelling at a five year old after a man crashed through a window. Peter’s fine, Daci’s fine, let’s just go eat lunch and check out the rest of the zoo,” Clint added with a hand on Daci’s shoulder.
“You’re both stubborn as hell, have incredibly short fuses, fiercely protective of those you love, never back down from a fight and always stand your ground…should I keep going?” he added with a smile. Steve glared at his husband, not wanting to give him the satisfaction of being spot on; which he obviously was.
“JOEYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!” Peter shouted suddenly, startling the man so that he dropped the brown sugar he had just picked up.
“Sa-weet! Thanks brah! I’ll meet you guys outside,” she said before leaving the two. Peter watched her leave before swatting his hands behind him again. “WADE,” he reprimanded at his smiling boyfriend, who shrugged his shoulders playing innocent. They heard some kind of commotion outside, followed by a car door slamming and tires screeching away. He dropped the book before running outside, ignoring his boyfriend calling him.
Clint had another year of school left before graduating and Bucky was shipping off to god knows where.
the accident,” Clint admittedly quietly before taking a shaky breath. “My parents were only fourteen when they had Barney then popped me out a few years later. They drank and smoked and partied. They weren’t the best...but they were still my parents…” Bucky didn’t say anything as watched Clint take another shaky breath, resisting the urge to embrace his love and comfort him until he was done.
"I guess I'll let Daddy have you for now. But remember you're mine little bear," Steve said, maturely sticking his tongue out at the pup who retaliated in kind.
“Let me try, Jarvee can tell you guys if I need back up,” she said quietly as she smiled at the two before turning away. Tony rolled his eyes fondly at her nickname for his AI.
wanna do that?” he returned. Steve tightened his grip on Tony’s right leg to release his left hand, strong arm still holding Tony up on his back as he checked his own glow in the dark ring for reference. He returned his hand to balance Tony better before continuing walking the two down the path.
“They’re from Joey, nothing to get excited about.” He avoided eye contact with Sam as the two men lost interest and went to the couch to lounge. He finally looked over at his friend and offered a snappy, “what?”
“But you’re wearing your glasses, you know that’s my kryptonite,” Steve whined with a pout, batting his long eyelashes at the man.
“I don’t even know if she was properly buried,” she whispered. He put his arm around her and gently pulled her into a hug.
Like yes, actually smoking could possibly trigger a seizure, but just sitting next to a beautiful woman as the sun sets in their landscape couldn’t hurt…right?
“Of course you can, sweet girl. I’m so proud of you for how far you’ve come.” Those words only added more salty tears to stain her cheeks.
Tony looked down, opening the plastic toy to find a small gold band with four small stones. Confused, he looked up at the super soldier now on one knee in front of the genius billionaire.
“Greetings friends!” the man bellowed when he noticed the pair join them, startling Harley who was in his arms.
“–No, sorry May of course, thank you for calling with the update,” he said with as little ire as he could muster.
“…you’re coddling me. You make Peter apologize when he hurts someone. If he is expected to apologize then so am I. You have to treat us the same.” She looked at him with such finality… it felt eerily like his own look enough to send a shiver down his spine.
“Wade if you even think about pooping on me,” Tony growled out to the baby, who only giggled and slapped Tony’s face in response.
So here he was, sitting in the station at the end of his shift, listening to his friends do their best to convince him to at least get a drink to celebrate.
“Hey!” Steve shouted in offense, getting a laugh from Tony as he turned and watched his boyfriend pout but follow behind them. “You’re the one who taught me how to fish,” the blonde grumbled adorably.
He thought he heard Tony’s breath hitch from the action, but assumed it was just a dream his husband was having and settled in to join him.
"Em, I'm...I'm so sorry," the genius said as he felt his eyes get misty. He looked down at his hands in embarrassment as his daughter moved sit in the genius' lap, wrapping her arms around him. The billionaire happily returned the embrace as he felt his chest warm up in love, growing when he felt his husband shift to join the hug, hands rubbing their daughter's back.
Unable to hold back any longer, Bucky surged forward and pressed his lips against Clint's. He tasted exactly as he remembered, soft and lush with hints of coffee. And the feeling of him kissing back made the supersoldier whimper deep in his throat. He's not even ashamed that he whimpered again when calloused hands moved to gently cradle his face. Bucky moved to deepen the kiss, curling his tongue inside the perfect mouth he remembered. The one that belonged to him. Just like he belonged to the archer.
“She has a girlfriend, actually.” Barney took that opportunity to slowly turn back to Clint, face scrunched up in confusion.
“I think you should go,” she gritted out at him. Wade stole once more look at Peter before following orders. Steve felt bad for the kid, he still wasn’t sure the whole story, but he could tell one thing – his kids were
“Who’s this?” the boy from earlier asked, glaring a little at seeing his brother in a stranger’s arms. Clint gently put Jackson on the ground, watching him toddle over to the boy.
“Yeah Barton, don’t tell people to shut up,” her father muttered back, tightening his arms around Daci who couldn’t help giggling again.
She quickly looked around, frowning when she found the source of the injury behind her. Above her headboard there used to hang a picture of her and her Dad. It was missing – most likely falling behind her bed. It left evidence behind with a slight indenture in the wall from the force of swinging her arm back.
Emerson put her plate and cup in the sink before joining them in the screening room. Tony was on the floor looking through his DVD collection while Steve was pulling extra blankets and pillows from the closet.
“Hey cub, how’s it going in here?” She finally looked up but could only shrug at her Tati, who offered her a kind smile in return. He walked over and sat by the tub before putting his flesh hand in. “Oh wow, that feels good. Come here.” It was a gentle command, but it helped Daci move her feet towards him.
“I had never wept so hard and so quietly for so long in my entire life,” Buck said with a straight face, which immediately broke when his oldest friend in the world burst out laughing.
“What do you want to say to her?” the brunette asked gently. Steve’s brows furrowed playfully as if he had a deep thought.
He was of course excited that his love would finally get to meet his little brother, he was just still skeptical from earlier today.
A knock on the door interrupts her thoughts, a feeling of déjà vu passing over her as she welcomes the disciplinarian inside.
Tony was wracking his brain trying to think of a way to help when they heard tiny feet quickly approaching. He looked up in time to see their no-longer-eldest sprinting towards them with Miles trying to grab him.
“Ei sunt familia mea,” she said back, snuggling into her father’s side and enjoying the moment of peace before Morgan woke up screaming. {
“Ladies,” Ms. Lang said seriously as they were passing her to get back to class, “next time let’s refrain from burning the freshman publically, shall we?” she said with a wink.
The genius scooted over after settling Pete on his chest, making room on the small hospital bed for his husband to join them. The taller man quickly obliged, carefully curling up around Tony before kissing him sweetly on the lips.
“Of course, baby,” Tony said after giving him a quick kiss on the cheek and tightening his arms around him in a hug. They walked back over to Steve to say goodnight.
“No, I don’t. From the few interactions I’ve had with your dads, it’s pretty obvious they love you very much. And something like this…which I’m sure in your head is just as bad as what your father did…”
“You just don’t understand as an only child, Tony. Steve, back me up here. Were you excited when your Mama said he was pregnant with your little sister?” Howard asked Steve, who shifted a little next to Tony.
“He said some not so nice things about us fags, tried to convince Leo that we were secretly planning to rape him and when Leo called him a liar, he went on a rant about us white devils poisoning his ‘sissy’ son, some unsavory things about Melanie, and back to us child-raping/child-abandoning fags,” the man said with his normal sassy bluntness, but at least in a semi-quiet voice.
“What’s wrong?” Tony asked in concern as Steve felt tears begin to fill his eyes. He only blinked once and they all came down. “Babe?”
“Yeah, hi, this is um…Steve Rogers?” he closed his eyes tightly at his verbal inabilities, “the paramedic?”
“I’ll take her!” he said, startling the super soldier a little. Tony quickly made his way around the couch to sit next to his husband, making grabby hands at him saying “gimme my kid.”
“I knew it!” she cheered, immediately quieting when Steve flapped his arms in panic. “I freaking knew it,” she whispered in triumph – Steve unable to hide his smile in the shared excitement.
“No, he’s got a point. Let’s go,” Bucky said, turning away from the pair and heading straight for the elevator. He waited a moment before Steve came into view, glad he could only hear and not see their goodbye kiss. He also purposefully ignored Steve’s side eye, not feeling the need to assure his oldest friend he had no plans to be a brainwashed assassin again.
Which had Clint gasping in laughter and momentarily wondering how the fuck he knew that was one of his tickle spots. He finally pulled his hands away to grab James’ wrists before yanking them to move above his head, now curled over the delicious body below him and able to kiss his lips.
“Not helping your case there, hot stuff,” he further teased at the blonde, laughing when the three people collectively groaned in complaint.
, huh bud? Because yes she was bad, but what she did last night doesn’t mean she loves you or me or Papa any less. I think you’re most upset she wasn’t with
“I was a goner from the moment I met you two and you tackled your father into the mud,” she said with a laugh, making Bucky join in. “Even if your Dad didn’t want anymore kids, I would’ve been thrilled to have you guys. Although I wouldn’t trade what I have now for the world.”
“Fine,” she said, “Steven? You are the best Papa.” She meant it, and hoped he could see past her attempt at bad humor with the sarcasm and using his first name.
"I can walk," she said with a small slur as Steve tried to help her off the table. He ended up picking her up anyway, as his stubborn child almost fell flat on her face.
She was fidgety the entire plane ride to Wakanda, able to drown out the movies and video games her brothers used to entertain themselves. Thankfully she wasn't worried about Max - who was being watched by one of Pete's friends - but there was something she couldn't stop thinking about.
"Emerson the procedure involves putting a small tube up your urethra," Bruce said delicately as Emerson visibly cringed. He watched as Steve stepped closer to rub her shoulder in comfort.
He was a fast learner, however, as Tony was gently placed down in the already hot running shower – gawking at the man who immediately fell to his knees and proceeded to give Tony one of his top five favorite blowjobs of all time.
“Look, I’m not dismissing he’s a little hot piece of Omega-ass...but that doesn’t mean you need to bond with the first one you’ve stuck your dick in!”
Hey Pop, I got assigned a partner for my final in art class, is it cool if I bring her home to work on it?
The blonde was slightly less shaken than the brunette, at least enough to catch the running child to hold in his arms.
He stood next to his fidgeting husband outside the elevator doors, waiting for Emerson to bring them home. The numbers above the doors suddenly started going up, the two men standing up straighter in anticipation. They heard the familiar ding before the doors to their floor opened, revealing their daughter and a tiny dark skinned boy holding her hand. He had a small afro and was wearing an adorable pair of overalls, holding a Spiderman plushie in the other hand.
Emerson had been staying with them for about two months, somehow bringing more laughter and silliness than he thought possible from the small family. He was surprised when she was allowed to stay with them, grateful she also wanted that. He remembers the meeting with her, her social worker, his parents, a mediator and an official from the DHS office. He marveled at his new friend, soon to be new foster sister, as she bravely answered all the questions thrown at her.
“Pop told me very little, but I can picture what kind of fuck face this guy is,” Joey said quietly, startling the man from his thoughts.
“No” Steve said at the same time Tony said “yes.” The two superheroes looked at each other for a moment before silently agreeing.
“That’s true Petey, but Momma is more of an Aunt to Joey than a Momma…” Tony tried to explain as Peter just looked more confused.
So it didn’t help Tony’s anger when he called Tiberius ten times on the car ride home but was met with voicemail after voicemail. The school had promised to reprimand the little shit and called in his parents, but all Tony was concerned about was getting his pup safe and back home.
As he walked by a closed door, he could hear sounds coming from behind it, the word ‘no’ sticking out better than the others. Buck placed his ear against the door, in case he felt he needed to step in. He heard ‘no’ again and a little more forcefully, followed by a ‘stop it, Brock!’ that had Buck grip the handle to open the door.
“Is it okay if we…um…if we don’t talk about her right now?” she asked hopefully. She smiled when she felt him kiss the top of her head before he reached over to grab the remote. They sat in silence for a few minutes, watching some cartoons.
“Why do you want her walking anyway?” Steve asked as his brother relented and let her crawl over to the blonde. He pulled her onto his lap as he thought about all the trouble she already could get into on all fours.
“Why are you avoiding me?” James asked, seeing right through him and getting straight to the point. Clint only shrugged in response, too cowardice to look up at him. “Did I do something wrong?”
Bucky pushed the food aside and sprawled out next to his boyfriend, the two lying quietly while staring at the clouds above. The silence lasted several minutes as they sat in comfortable silence, until his boyfriend quietly broke it.
They spent all of Sunday together; Steve actually found it painful to leave him that evening, knowing he had work Monday morning and needed to go to bed early.
He held her for a few moments before he said anything. He needed to ground himself back to earth and currently holding his safe and uninjured daughter while petting her hair was doing the trick. She didn’t seem to mind the silence as she gently moved her head along with his hand – even pushing into it at times.
. You are also well aware one of my coping skills is going for a walk. I will be back before they finish, there’s something…” she coughed a few cries out, “there’s something I have to know. Please!”
However, when she saw the tear tracks on her little brother's face, her excitement quickly morphed to anger. She listened to him explain what happened on the ride home as she decided she'd let her dads have the honor. They took the elevator up in silence as Emerson held his hand on the ride up. They walked into the living room, able to hear the sounds of the men laughing about something as she released her grip on his tiny hands. At the sight of the crying boy, the three superheroes were instantly alert. Her Pop immediately walked over to the boy who had his arms stretched out to the man. The blonde brought him into his crushing embrace before he turned to his daughter for an explanation.
"It's really not that good," Thor said as Loki said, "it's pretty hilarious, actually." The two brothers turned to look at each other, though the blonde's eyes looked a tad more desperate then the black haired gods.
“You done for tonight?” the blonde asked between attacking his lips and grabbing the man’s perfect bubble butt. Tony mumbled something that apparently Jarvis understood, as the lab effectively shut down around them. Steve took that as a yes and proceeded to walk the two all the way back to their bedroom, Tony kissing him the whole way.
Tony stopped talking when a small hand had covered his mouth. Did Steve teach her that? Jeez that was fast.
“Not like I have a choice, right?” she asked as she reached out to grab her plate and bring it closer to her.
Also, it was pretty much a straight shot train-wise to his office from school, minus an additional bus stop along the way. But she ended up getting a ride from Happy anyway – which was their way to compromise.
Peter turned to look at her with betrayal; arms failing again to dramatically emphasize his silent point.
“No. I’m not. I haven’t loved him like that since I met your father.” He answered honestly. He hadn’t thought about Bucky like that in a long time. Not since he was frozen and woke up to find that billionaire-genius-asshole who he’d eventually recognize as his other half. Tony was the one who made his heart stutter, the one who could predict what Steve was going to say or do, always able to read him like a book. He trusted Bucky with his life, but he trusted that stubborn, short, beautiful man with his whole heart.
“He will,” Rhodey agreed with a smile. “But I think you need a second to rest while he pulls through,” he put a hand up to stop Steve’s counter argument before continuing. “We are all aware of your freaky soul-mate connection that means if one of you is down the other is as well. I’m just saying, we have Em if you wanted to go nap with Pete.”
Definitely coming from Joey’s room, making the brunette quickly get up and begin walking to her bedroom.
“Jesus Clint,” Barney said with a laugh, “get your scrawny ass off me, you’re squishing this cute little puppy.” Lucky barked in agreement, running over to James to greet him.
“You had a seizure?” he asked quietly as she felt her body attempt to freeze again, only to sag in his arms from exhaustion. She nodded in agreement as he led the two to a chair and pulled her onto his lap.
She fidgeted back and forth on each foot, wondering where in the crowd her family was as the rows started to fill with people. Shuri had assured her she'd make sure they all arrived on time, promised that they wouldn't miss her graduation.
“Ruth made me write an essay on the dangers of marijuana, what it does to an epileptic brain, why it’s currently illegal, oh! List of things that
“Em…is everything okay?” he asked before putting himself between the two, realization kicking in as he stared at the woman a moment longer.
“You’re…Peter Pan?” he asked confused, still confused when the heartthrob laughed before continuing.
Over the next few months, his parents gave him the cold shoulder and found themselves suddenly busy flying all over the world. But Tony didn’t let that bring him down. He graduated in less than six weeks, which was two years off his old classmates. He even loved his tutor, a twenty one year old Beta intern from his dad’s job that instantly clicked with Tony.
“Yeah? I’m not nakey right now though,” he pointed out with hands on his hips. She turned to giggle at him before running to ‘hide’ behind her uncle again.
“Feel sorry for me baby, I’m injured,” the brunette pouted as he tightened his arms around Steve’s neck.
She could also tell by the lighter weight in front of her that Tony was sitting closest to her. She still kept the blanket over her head, not really in the mood to start whatever conversation they were planning.
They didn’t seem to mind either, both settling themselves around her – acting as protective walls that kept all of the heartache out.
“Ma! Pop! We’re here!” he called, looking around before hearing the cheers from the living room. So Bucky and Clint beat them there, great…
I should’ve grabbed him, Steve thought sadly, this whole thing is being blown out of proportion. He stayed in the kitchen a moment longer before opting to go for a run. He walked down the hallway and headed for the closet where he kept his running gear. He stopped when he noticed the shell-shocked young girl, sitting on the floor near the elevator.
"Absolutely," her Pop said with a smile as he also brought the two glasses of orange juice. She was so excited she coughed while inhaling her food, twice.
“I realize you are like, the whitest white man to ever…white – but you gotta put more on a burger than salt and pepper,” his friend chastised, moving to take over for Steve.
“Harley, that’s enough,” Tony snapped at his son, knowing it wasn’t the six year old’s words coming out of his mouth. He heard Ty’s philosophy on money while they were dating. “I know these are Ty’s words, not yours, but they are very rude.”
“Whatever happened, remember I still love you Jo,” he said in reassurance, frowning when that just produced more tears.
“I’ll probably be home before that, I just mostly want to go cause Xavier is going,” she explained honestly. Steve still looked like he was thinking it over for another moment before reluctantly nodding.
“I’m especially serious about how old you are…don’t think that just because you’re almost eighteen–”
“Auntie! Up up!” Lilli said, suddenly appearing next to Emerson, tiny hands flailing. She reached down for her niece, lifting the toddler up to sit on her lap, struggling for a second to balance the two on the unicorn tube.
“Save it, alright? We’ll be there soon. Focus your energy on finding Daci.” Even though he knew he deserved it, it still stung hearing Clint write him off like that. At the very least, he thought they were friends. But he had a point, the only thing to do now was focus on getting his girl back.
Off in the distance, she hears people talking and the sounds of metal doors opening before tall creatures loom over her.
" as the elevator dinged open. The taller man rushed in first pressing the button before Peter even got into the door. He gently shoved him on the way up, then growled when he had to karate chop grabby hands before they saw their family. He was able to dodge about half the ass-grabbing until the door open again and he rushed out to find his family. They walked in to find his little brother and sister sitting together on a couch reading a Shel Silverstein book. Once their presence was made aware, the boy jumped up and ran straight to the taller man, jumping into his arms as Wade tossed him in the air a few times.
“Leave the poor man alone Tony, they need to get back to saving people,” the burnt man said with a sigh as he sat comfortably in a nearby chair.
Upon hearing police sirens approaching, he remembered suddenly that he was on a time limit. He left the bag to swing home as quickly as possible, changing back to his normal clothes when he was out of eyeshot of the Tower’s security cameras.
“Is it the letter itself, that bothers you? Or the thought of seeing her again and meeting the child?” he asked after a moment.
"You're safe kiddo," he said after kissing the top of her head a few times. "Your Dad built precautions for such occasions years ago. Ask him later about how a six year old Peter almost fell over the balcony when Tony was supposed to be watching him," she laughed loudly at that, imagining what kind of lecturing the new dad would've gotten from his husband.
"You called me yesterday just for that reason, remember?" he reminded her with a smile as she hummed in response.
“I’ll count you guys down!” Peter offered as Daci stretched her limbs out. Hulk was practically bouncing in excitement, but had a smirk on his face.
“You just press down around each breast in a circular motion,” demonstrating on himself while she tried to do the same on herself. “You’re basically feeling for any lumps and you wanna check yourself about once a month – like when you’re in the shower.”
“No, no,” she started to say as she sat down on the bed next to him. She had momentarily forgotten that wasn’t possible yet, jumping up in pain as she let out a yelp.
Until the blonde’s eyes opened and Daci shot off his lap and ran into the room. Bucky watched with sad eyes as his daughter slowly approached the bed. Though he couldn’t hear what was happening, he could imagine Clint reassuring the girl none of this was her fault. A small smile spread across Bucky’s face as he watched Daci slowly approach the bed while Clint waved her over. His kid burst into tears, no doubt feeling guilty for her brainwashed actions while the blonde simply pulled her into a careful hug.
“I see you two dressed up for the evening,” Tony snarked as he started driving. Clint leaned over to check out their outfits before scoffing at the bedazzled twins.
“All dem!” Emerson shook her head fondly, still no idea which toddler as she started to throw everything in the pool.
“T’Challa,” she greeted the man after sipping her drink, turning to her favorite General and saying, “Okoye, always a pleasure to be in your presence.” T’Challa only rolled his eyes at that, though a smile was on his face.
“I appreciate that, Danvers. Glad platypus here finally dropped his balls and asked you out,” Tony smirked back while motioning to Rhodey, who just rolled his eyes at them. The coronation started taking place, grabbing their attention as they watched the nominees take the field.
Steve started arguing with Tony about ‘fashion-shaming’ as Clint wondered what was up with his boyfriend. He sat quietly in the back with him on the short drive to Thor’s place.
she asked as her baby brother nodded in response, tears slipping as he hugged her tightly. She returned the hug, releasing him when she heard shouts from the men that they had found them. The men grabbed them as Miles remained silent like he promised.
Which Tony would still be a part of if the teen could handle a few inappropriate jokes along with Tony’s slightly erratic and nervous behavior.
The next day, he leaned against the counter as he waited for both the coffee to finish brewing and his oldest friend to join him. Steve, Emerson, Peter and Miles were in the screening room having a Disney marathon as the genius asked his friend over to talk to.
“Sorry?” Joey sputtered out. The young woman smiled back at her, adorably biting her lip before responding.
After they checked in, Clint grabbed his hand and raced them to the elevator, immediately attacking his lips when the door closed. Bucky smiled against his lips, feeling more love and confidence than ever before as they rode up to their floor.
When her uncle married Tony, they both offered a name change for her as well, since Steve was dropping Rogers in favor of Stark. She didn’t, for reasons she didn’t want to discuss around all the happy energy, so she claimed it was because of her Dad she kept it.
“Put your arms above your head, placing your hands on the back of your head and try to sit up straighter. This will allow your lungs to open up more, physically forcing you to breathe more easily.” She followed the AI’s instructions, interlocking her fingers behind her head and kicking away some blankets so she wouldn’t feel so confined.
The family leaned back into the couch, making themselves comfortable as Steve sent a thanks upstairs for his life.
He told them what happened the night the three had tried to go to dinner, how some creeps from her past had confronted her. Surprised and grateful Wade had sticken up for her, he was still fuming from the story. Peter finished his story mentioning her sperm-donor, causing the two parents to lock eyes.
Tony finally opened his eyes and turned his head to see his love, who was smiling back at him as the brunette moved to roll on top of his husband.
“What? Wait, where are we even going there’s like three hours left of school?” she asked as he continued dragging her right out the front door.
gay uncle to the point that he killed himself. When he was fifteen and your mother was seventeen. And then, months later when your mom found out she was pregnant, her mother – your grandmother – kicked her out of the house. She moved in with me, Bucky and our mom in a shitty two bedroom apartment until you were born. And your grandmother, mind you – not the one that cried the first time she held you and spoiled you every day she could – but your
Sam went on about the ‘pompous and spoiled rich kid’ until they were distracted by Rumlow flicking his peas at another table. As Steve sat there, wondering why on Earth he had decided to join the football team, he thought over Sam’s words. But Steve was also never one to believe rumors, so he thought he’d actually talk to the guy before making any kind of judgement.
“Yeah, well, get in line.” He didn’t realize he said that out loud, smiling down at his smirking husband.
. You know their brain’s were the size of peanuts, right?” Harley asked, momentarily distracted as he proceeded to tell the Alpha just how wrong he was.
