“I was just telling Ms. Potts,” Tyrone Macmillan said, “That Sylvia is Executive Vice President of Macmillan Corporation and the head of our new research division.”
“Why should I?” Tony asked. “You know you don’t have to woo me to fuck me. We could just skip to the good stuff.”
“Ok, sure. It’s not for everybody,” Tony said reassuringly. “That’s fine. It’s not required or anything. I just thought you might like—“
“So,” she said, mouth quirking up a little, “I take it you didn’t invent a new type of oven to roast it efficiently?”
(You didn’t forget!  You always forget.  I was going to drag you out of the workshop and push you into the shower at ten after.  And I was okay with that!)
“Do you have any idea what you look like?”  Tony asked.  Steve felt helpless in his own lust, unable to move.  He let out a little moan and heard Tony’s movements speed up.  He was panting with each stroke.
They were all trying too hard.  The tinkling of glass, china, and silver put Tony on edge. The whole thing felt like an awkward, but well-intentioned, group date.
was like an itch coursing in his veins, but he ignored it; if he was going to install upgrades or redesign it, there was really no sense doing work twice.
“You mean the extra terrestrial?” The Captain shrugged. “There’s really not that much to tell. It appeared to be peaceful and we were able to help the poor fella home. It's all in the mission report.”
“Oh!” Mikie said. “That’s sweet of you to invite us. I--” Katie nudged him and give him a look. “But, uh,” he said, “No. We have work to finish up here.”
And, oh man, there was so much there--  Rhodey’d just handed him a heaping pile of material to work with, but Tony couldn’t focus on a witty reply.
Bruce smiled as he strolled into the shop.  “I was wondering where you’d disappeared after the gala.  Should have figured.”
Tony raised the faceplate and nodded. “Yeah. A basic one, but it would at least give some parameters for the evacuation.”
St. Michael’s was good for him—quiet time to himself, a short chat with Meredith, and two (yeah, okay,
None of the vintages were familiar to Tony—all far too modest—but he knew varietals and regions well enough to have a suggestion that Steve might like. (Nothing too acidic or complex…)
“You’re right. And I did learn something new.” Tony’s grin was triumphant. “Captain America’s dad was a drunk.” He says it mean, like an attack.
Steve nodded and had another sip of coffee.  He should go back to his rooms.  Or out for a run.  Or--
“Hey, JARVIS? Ask the new guy to grab me some breakfast for the car, would ya? Gotta get this show on the road. And coffee! Lots of coffee!”
“So, what gives, Captain?” Tony said, forcing a teasing tone into his voice. “I hear you turned down
Peter helped fasten jewels to his ears and nipples, draping him expertly in chains and pearls and silks and damask. And as he did so, Peter released a torrent of speculation about the king: what he likes, dislikes, what he looks like, what kind of castle he keeps, what kind of food he eats.
Rogers jolted at the vulgarity, erasing his previous scowl of concentration-- his eyes went wide and his mouth dropped open.
“Glad you’re here, Pep,” Tony said, resting his head on her knee.  “You’re the best.  It’ll all work out for you.  You’ll see.”
Also, the end of chapter 51 and out-take "All Hail the Conquering Hero" are relevant to this one.  :)
“As for not wanting to let someone else dictate how we practice BDSM—” Tony shrugged, “--I don’t think you need to worry about that.  Things you could read, they’re more like general guidelines and possibilities, or maybe a philosophy rather than imperatives.”  Tony paused for a moment, then continued, “I mean, you can read about battle strategies and tactics in the abstract, but still make them your own in a given situation.  In fact, you have to do that, since no book is going to predict and work for every nuance in a battle.  Same thing here.  Now that I think about it, though, I’m not happy with the analogy I chose, but, hey—you like poetry!  There are probably, like, a million poems depicting love as war or something like that.”  Steve looked amused and Tony shook his head, dismissing the tangent.
Pepper stroked his cheek, ran her fingers through his hair. It felt good, a warm soothing comfort, and he could nearly slip back under—but, no. Not yet.
Little by little, Steve’s kisses grew deeper and more urgent. This was going well! (Maybe they wouldn’t have to talk?) Steve’s hands closed around Tony’s wrists and dragged Tony’s arms behind his back, pinning them. Tony’s heart leapt. He let out a low moan and—
“Not this Sunday apparently.” Clint shrugged. “I think he deserves to sleep in for once. He shouldn’t have to cook for us losers all the time.”
“I’d like that,” Tony said. (He had a feeling anything else would seem like rejection to Steve; he was big on reciprocity.)
“Ok! No, wait. I’ll take it in the workshop; tell him I’ll call him back in five,” Tony said, relieved to escape the awkward air of the kitchen. He looked at Steve and Clint and shrugged, “I’d better take this.”
“I hope that . . .” Steve continued, rubbing the back of his neck, “No, I *trust* that what I’m about to tell you, won’t change how you think of me, as a friend or as a commander.”
With one strong hand under Tony’s shoulders, Steve lifted him a little and brought the cup carefully to his lips. He tilted it very gradually and Tony took a sip, then another.
Rogers looks up with a smile. “Tony’s done so much to make me feel at home here--not just welcoming us into Avengers’ Tower. He’s introduced me to Star Trek and world cuisine and these horrible noises he insists are music. He’s introduced me to his friends and will always answer my dumb questions, showing me how to use new tech over and over.” The Captain looks at the floor for a few seconds, then adds, “And when I was struggling to adjust, Tony was the first person to tell me that it’s ok for me not to be ok.” The Captain’s Dominant’s notch bobs when he swallows. “I can’t imagine the future without him.”
Tony wanted to look away, but knew it would worry Steve, so he held his gaze and shook his head decisively.
“Hang on!” Tony called, fumbling for his hoodie. Industrial shears, patterns, and poly-aramid fabric were in organized chaos across the workbench.
Tony bit his tongue.  Snapping, “I know everything there is to know about you, thanks,” would only prolong this weirdness.  He deleted and retyped another equation.
. . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
It was just the barest brush of lips before Steve drew back for a moment, his breath hitching. He moved a hand to cradle the back of Tony’s neck, then leaned down again to press his lips firmly to Tony’s.
Clint shot down another robot and grumbled, “We should just spar with each other for a real challenge.”
Rhodes shrugged.  “Yeah, neither did Tony. I’ve just got a few hours in New York. Was supposed to ship out through D.C., but got rerouted here.”
“Are you okay?” Tony asked, half worried that he’d done something wrong. It wasn’t like Rogers to leave his back turned to someone. “What’s gotten into you?”
“Yeah, babe, mark me up,” Tony whispered, winding himself up as much as Steve with the dirty talk. “Leave me bruised and open, dripping with your cum.”
“Yes,” Tony agreed easily, trying to look contrite.  (What did it matter? It wasn’t like he’d have to test the same theory that way again.)
The desirability bias of the questions (and the complete lack of nuance in the example scenarios) was practically a blinking red light, but companies used those sorts of training courses as a rhetorical gesture to minimize liability in the face of lawsuits and criminal charges.
Rogers just nodded, unrepentant, and remained standing beside him, slipping into parade rest. Clearly Fury didn’t care if Tony was standing over him (just a sub, after all) and he saw Rogers as an ally (otherwise he’d stand for advantage too). Rogers’ eyes flicked from one person to the next; he frowned at all the Doms seated at the table.
Steve looked a little sad as he leaned forward to kiss Tony softly on the lips and asked again, “May I?”
Tony shook his head, at a loss. (He knew what it was like. The questioning.) Tony wanted to give Steve a hug, but he didn’t.
“I’d be doubly honored,” Steve answered, then whispered, “I’ve been thinking of nothing else all night. I’ve got something special planned for you tonight, sweetheart.”
“The TV.  Technical difficulties.  I assume that’s why you’re reading a book instead of, you know, using the TV?”
UPDATE: Friendly reminder that I am explicitly asking not to receive concrit please.  Thank you so much!
Steve turned to Tony, with his full on Earnest Face. “Tony, I’m sorry. I didn’t know— He, uh, I mean—“ He fumbled along awkwardly until Tony cut in, waving his hand.
Tony slid gracefully to his knees, bowed his head, and offered Steve his hands, palms up. He heard Steve gasp, but he didn’t look, just kept his head demurely tilted down to one side. His heart was pounding, but he forced himself to wait.
—but then there was another strong hand on Tony’s shoulder. His cheek squashed up against a firm chest.
,” Rogers repeated.  He began gathering the dishes, and carrying them over to the sink.  He turned on the tap and put a stopper in.  The movements were the least coordinated Tony’d ever seen from the graceful Captain.  Tony swallowed.
“I’ve got you, babe,” Tony crooned petting Steve’s hip again.  “You’re so good . . . so perfect . . .”
Would they tell the team they were going on a date? It was just a date—not like they needed to make a big announcement! It would be weird to tell them like it was a
“So tandori actually is the name of the oven?” Steve asked. On the far side of the room Pepper and Natasha were talking quietly with their heads close together. Pep often seemed to gravitate towards Femme Dommes. At the moment, Pep’s pale cheeks were turning red, so maybe they were trading topping tips for ladies? (Okay, probably not, but it was a nice idea.) Tony turned his attention back to his tablet and let the sounds of his team and The Beatles wash over him. (Clint was adamant that The Beatles were Thanksgiving Eve music.)
p.s.  I had the idea for POC Angie while watching Season 1 of Agent Carter--it would have been such an elegant (and easy) way to introduce an intersectional element to the show's feminism.  So, that's my head canon.  I've been sitting on it for YEARS. :)
“Let’s get outta here,” Tony said. It was cold out—too cold to stay outside long without their coats—but it would guarantee them privacy, at least for a while. Tony reached for the doorknob.
“Is he under arrest?” Captain America asked.  Tony nearly jumped; the man was so quiet on his feet, Tony hadn’t noticed him circle around and get between them and Fury.  At least Fury also looked a little startled by the question.
Tyrone was younger than Howard, of course, but they were somewhat of an era. Tony couldn’t help but wonder . . . (If Howard had lived . . . if he’d been there to see Tony’s finest inventions . . . if Mom had been there to guide him as he grew up and to help Howard onto the right path . . .)
never filled out a spreadsheet—just Steve.  It was all about Steve, everything they did together.  It was all about what Steve wanted.
enjoyable shower, he went for a long run and then felt a little silly when he needed another shower.  Clean once more, he changed and settled in his living room.  Though eager to work on the spreadsheet some more, he resisted the temptation.  Instead, he turned his attention to writing up his performance report and tactical analysis of their encounter with the Columbia University robots (or as Tony called them, Grad Student Doom-and-Gloom Bots).
“I could bring dinner to the workshop? And maybe I could join you?” Steve asked. “I’ve got some reading to do.”
“Vomit,” Tony said softly, activating JARVIS’ safety features on his cell phone, then he turned and said more loudly and very clearly, “I didn’t give you permission to touch me and I want you to stop.”
“Not up to me,” Rogers said with an apologetic smile. “Bruce, Ms. Potts, and a legion of doctors are in charge of that. You can take it up with them.”
Chapter dedicated to : thatwhichyields, my beloved beta, and actionfan & Nonymos for their epic commenting.  <3
Tony slumped heavily back into the rich padded leather as they made their way from the former Stark Mansion. The Safehouse was always exhausting. In a lot of ways, it was good. Good to see that ostentatious house providing a safe haven to so many people. To see the older subs looking out for the younger ones. Tony had a special soft spot for the teens, often male subs who’d run away from home.
—but the noise in his head crowded it away. Tony started pacing. It always drove Pepper nuts when he’d do that, bobbing in and out of frame, but he couldn’t help it.
“—really, though, ladies,” the Dom was saying, loudly, voice carrying, “he’s looking damn good for a ninety year old, isn’t he?” He slapped Steve on the back again and opened his mouth to say something else, but Tony cut in.
Tony reached up tentatively to take the dagger; Natasha’s fingers curled around his, a firm pressure. They held the dagger together. Her hand was warm.
Hot chocolate, he thought as he entered the Tower.  He’d make himself a cup of hot chocolate and then he’d go to bed.  It was Christmas after all; it was a good time for cocoa.  He rode the elevator up and up and up to the empty common rooms, well stocked with food he never saw anybody show up to eat.
Steve ducked awkwardly, hunching down to make it under Tony’s arm, and trying visibly not to step on his partner’s feet.
“Aww, come on!” Tony said, waving a gauntleted hand.  “We’ve talked about this before!  We’ll go out to my ranch.  Far from civilians.  Controlled setting. You can let it all hang out—oh, hey, I guess that’ll be pretty literal since you lose your clothes!  We can see what he does.  Maybe he’ll flop down and make daisy chains with his new best friends!”
“So, uh,” Tony said taking another sip of coffee. “I’ll let you know when I get a prototype ready. It shouldn’t be too long. By my current calculations the poly-aramid ratio’s up to 6.7:1; once I hit 7, we’re golden.”
Tony nodded and got Clint into position. Below he could see Cap take out another spider then collapse to his knees, chest heaving. Tony nearly rerouted to grab him, but Rogers was already struggling to his feet. It looked like he might be limping.
It was 4 am by the time they got back to the Tower, dirty and exhausted, but unharmed.  Steve and Tony lingered in the hallway after the others had said good night and vanished to their suites.
And maybe some people would have found it weird he put Steve next to Rebecca and Sam, but, well, Tony’d been friends with them before he’d ever hooked up with them and he wasn’t about to throw that away.  And he knew that Steve would like Rebecca.
In the end, they decided to order ten of everything as sliders with a side of everything else. Clint fussed over pouring their beers. Steve seemed nervous; Bruce seemed distracted; Natasha took a sip of her beer. (Huh.) The silence felt kinda awkward.
“So, if you’re a non-traditional unit,” Colbert asks, “Why the formality talking about your teammates?”
“Yes,” Tony said with a smile, giving Steve a playful little poke in the ribs.  “It is. Have you been reading Youtube comments again? What happened to not letting anything ruin our night, hm?”
Steve shook his head, acknowledging Tony’s point.  Tony waited a few moments to see if he might follow up, but Steve just looked at him expectantly, so Tony went on:
Tony shifted around and pulled Steve onto his lap.  It should have been awkward with their relative sizes, and maybe it would look awkward to an outsider, but it felt amazing.  Tony was lax and languid from his orgasm (I did that!) and Steve felt proud and content, nuzzling Tony’s neck and shoulder, his hands still bound behind him.  The bonds were starting to produce a dull, but not unpleasant, ache.  His cock was hard, desperate for attention and weeping precum, but he could wait if Tony wanted him to.  He rubbed his body—cheek, chest, shoulder, legs-- against Tony like a cat while Tony pet him, but he couldn’t get any friction on his dick and he probably shouldn’t try to.  (“Don’t touch yourself,” Tony’d said.  “Don’t you fucking dare.”)
“You promised you wouldn’t move,” Ms. Potts said, crouching next to him. She pulled him up to lean against the workbench.
A week later when Fury called and invited him to come in and consult (i.e. Meet Captain America), Tony said no.
There's a new out-take set during chapter 55 that's relevant to some of the character dynamics in this chapter.  If you'd like to read it, it can be found here: http://archiveofourown.org/works/10834428  :)
“Ms. Potts has been looking for you. There’s someone she would like you to meet.” Steve paused, glancing at the other Dom who had spun to face the newcomer, then turned back to Tony. “If you’re done here--?”
memorized; he’d known every line since he was a little boy, so it was almost more fun to watch Steve than the show he knew by heart.  But as he finished wolfing down his food, Tony found his mind starting to wander.  Back to . . .
With that she disappeared back into the elevator. When Tony turned, Steve was just giving him this . . . this look, a muted not-quite smile, like he was trying to hold in a grin or something.
Tony made fifty more portal devices—with launchers and remote detonators. Bruce helped out with them quietly and coaxed Tony into drinking some smelly herb tea. It was apparently good for him. (If it tasted like that, it had better be good for him…)
Tony frowned.  He hated to leave the meeting with Rogers hanging over his head, but he couldn’t blow off the foundation.  Isaac would shit a brick.
Rogers blinked, opened his mouth, then closed it again. He looked hopeful, then uncertain, then miserable. He shoved his hands into the pockets of his ridiculous dockers and waited a few moments; Tony didn’t say anything more.
Pepper was looking at him with a concerned frown, brow creased. “Just take a deep breath, okay?” He nodded and she continued, “You’re jumping all over the place.”
The energy field—Tony was too pissed to think of it as “Bob”—was glowing with a bluish light about ten feet off the ground in a clearing of Wharton Forest. It was bigger than at its first appearance and smaller than the last. Tony was grateful they were miles from the nearest town.
“My mother made chicken Parmesan sometimes,” Tony said, voice going soft with reminiscence.  “We had a cook, but mom wouldn’t let anybody else make Italian food in her kitchen.  If it was Italian, mom made it herself.”
“Ah!”  Tony cried out, pulling his mouth from Steve’s, panting for breath as Steve moved him faster, up and down against his hard body.
“I want you all to know up front,” Steve began seriously, “that it isn’t prohibited in our contracts and will in no way impair our performance in the field. We’re telling you as our teammates, but more importantly, as our friends. See, Tony and I— We, uh—“
Tony walked to the elevator, rolling his shoulders a little as he went.  He felt better, not coiled so tight as before.
Things are really busy in my life right now with work so, although I'd like to be posting once a week, between my schedule and my beta's it will probably be more like every other week for the next little bit.  Don't worry!  I'll try not to leave you hanging for too long...
Tony had the distinct impression that Bruce was fibbing. It was the kind of thing he’d said to Pepper so very often (well, not the meditating part, obviously), but there was no point trying to call Bruce out on it.
Steve closed his eyes and inhaled deeply, breathing in Tony’s scent.  His hips twitched, his hard cock eager for friction.  Tony was still asleep.  Maybe it would be okay to wake him up with a blow job?  Tony had teased him about asking for permission before.  What had he said?
This was kinda hard to write because, I discovered, I feel oddly intrusive when I depict Steve's religious life.  I imagine he'd be very private about that sort of thing.  Strangely enough, though, I *don't* feel intrusive when I depict his deepest sexual desires.  Uh.  That probably says something about me...
Tony let out a shuddering breath and gave a tight nod.  Steve held back the covers and pulled Tony into his arms.  (Usually Tony was big spoon, but not right now…)
When Tony and Pep took the elevator up to the common floor—previously part of Tony’s penthouse—they found Steve staring wide-eyed at the kitchen counter while Clint laughed nearby.
As he watched the robot rote and pivot its arms in smooth, precise sequence, a woman’s voice, a sweet, soft soprano flitted through his mind.
“You’re in charge,” Tony added. Dom and Switch both nodded with satisfaction. Tony grinned and added, “And, I’m so glad to know that you buy my tech. I’d forgotten. StarkSafe it is.”
“Well, no,” Pepper admitted with a grimace. She gestured behind her at the piles of paperwork on the kitchen counter. “But I could have.”
Tony mentally calculated his chances of being left in the workshop undisturbed.  The odds weren’t in his favor—he felt pretty certain that Bruce would come get him if he lingered—though maybe the odds would tip if--
“Are you starting to get a feel for it?  Staying open, relaxing for me?”  Tony asked.  Steve nodded.  “You’re beautiful like this.  I can’t wait to fuck your throat, just like you asked.”
Tony snorted.  “Well, yeah. Sure, when you put it like that.  But it was just the crappy part of my life that ate a week I’d rather have spent with you.”  Steve smiled and perked up at that.  (Oh Christ, you’re beautiful.)
“In this at least,” Natasha said, voice flinty but with mirth in her eyes, “you are very observant.”
Tony was so engrossed in the Mark VII that he didn’t hear Steve (admittedly, over Metallica), until he was right behind him and saying softly, “Thank you for the flowers, Tony.”
Bruce wasn’t an engineer—which was fine, really, since once you have Tony Stark why have anybody else?—but he was a scientist with a creative mind.  They bounced ideas around and in not too long Tony had, uh,
The wan blue-grey energy field just hovered, shimmering about a foot off the ground; it was the size of an extra-thick king size mattress but did not give Tony a sexy-fun-times vibe.
Tony smiled up at him. And then Steve’s body was warm and solid against Tony’s and he was kissing him, sweet and soft, then harder with teeth and tongue. Tony gasped into his mouth.
“So, what did everybody think when you turned out a Dom?” Tony asked, hoping for a distraction. He took a couple of steps down the balcony, closer to Steve.
. . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“My God, you’re perfect,” Steve said. He tipped his forehead to Tony’s and promised, their lips close together, “I’m gonna be so good to you.”
“Nope!” Tony cried.  “Done.  Done! Until you declare me your one and only, there will be no more gadgets.”
Steve had finished the sections that Tony had marked off for him a while ago. It had been helpful.  Really.  For the past hour, though, he’d been skimming through the sections Tony said he could skip.  They were making him
With thanks to all those who have cheered me on while writing this story, and especially for SeiShonagon whose insightful comments helped inspire some of this chapter's worldbuilding.
With that, Steve placed a chaste—almost furtive kiss—on Tony’s lips, stood abruptly, and strode from Tony’s bedroom. Tony thought he heard Steve’s footsteps pause halfway down the hall, but Steve didn’t return. A few moments later, the elevator doors opened and closed.
“Oh!”  Steve shook his head, looking embarrassed. “I didn’t mean--  I mean, I understand.  Of course,”  he hesitated a moment and gave Tony his shy smile, head tilted to the side, “I just . . . I know you don’t keep regular hours and I understand, but I was hoping that when you
“Yeah, so the bathroom and bedroom are down the hall, and there’s another room over there for whatever.  No designated purpose yet, so yeah, maybe take a look?”  Tony shrugged. “Then I’ll take you up to the common areas.”
Natasha didn’t actually need a new, improved Bite immediately.  She didn’t even know he was working on it.  His eyes were aching.  Maybe he should get some rest and finish it up tomorrow.
A few days later, Steve came into the living room—still optimistic—and found Tony alone, his back to the doorway.  Steve opened his mouth, not sure what to say, but eager to say something, probably ‘thank you once more’ or ‘it’s so nice to see you’—then shut it again, when he realized that Tony was talking on the phone.
Tony waved his hands. “You know, apple pie and the all American dream. Kids. Suburbs.” Tony was fumbling and he hated it. His voice turned exasperated without meaning to. “Isn’t that what everybody wanted back in the day?”
As they walked across the garage, Steve knocked his shoulder against Tony’s with a little smile. His right hand found Tony’s left and, hand in hand, they stepped into the elevator.
Steve was on his way up to Tony’s suite, StarkTab in hand, before he realized he’d reached a decision.  He heard movement in the bedroom and called as he hurried in, feeling flustered and eager: “Tony, are you— ”
“Ok, ok,” Tony mumbled, offering loose-limbed compliance. They staggered off the couch and nearly toppled—
Tony shrugged. “My presentation cake was some huge seven layer monstrosity: lacy vanilla icing and a bazillion white candles. And Mom wanted to do some sort of chic soirée with a ton of society guests, but Howard put his foot down. Said presenting was just biology; it wasn’t an accomplishment to be proud of.”
Tony shrugged it off.  “Bla bla.  He’s great, we’re great, everything’s great.  So, Stark Industries?  How’re we doing post cell phone shit storm?  Come on, how’s my baby?”
Tony was still deciding whether to tear Clint a new one or just let Rogers call him Tony when the Captain spoke up.
Steve blinked a few times. As he grew more alert, his smile faded and he sat up. He rubbed the back of his neck. “Damn. How long was I out?”
When Tony got back from selecting a few favorites from the wine cellar, the dishes were done and everyone had settled on the spacious couches around the TV.  There was an open spot on the three-seater between Steve and Pepper, clearly left just for Tony.
“Steve,” Tony murmured, his tone serious as he looked at Steve, taking him in—his bright blue eyes, pale skin, angular jaw, and frankly adorable ears.  Steve raised his eyebrows, his look inquiring.  Tony pushed him gently against the elevator wall.
“Like a virtual training ground?” Tony asked.  “Sure.  Give me a little while and, yeah . . .” Tony frowned in concentration, running some mental calculations.  “I could probably program it so you can design the modules yourself, Captain.  Well, with JARVIS to do all the actual coding.”
As Tony put finishing touches on the altered satellite that now housed the Security Blanket, memories of his morning with Steve kept flashing across his mind.
“Hey, JARVIS? I’m gonna need Tiffany’s and Bergdorff Goodman’s. And Christie’s. And Sotheby’s! This is gonna take a while.”
Tony wondered suddenly whether the movie night was more for their benefit or Natasha’s. Or whether she knew herself. If she’d wanted them all together—this fucked up little team of theirs—would she have been able to tell them that? It was the closest he’d come to seeing vulnerability in the super-spy and something about that glimpse was warmly reassuring. (He remembered the hospital—
Tony’s call with Isaac and his team went well; it had been a good quarter for the Foundations’ investments.  The dividends would be enough to fund the renovations needed at The Submissives’ Safehouse.
Hope you enjoyed this weirdo thing anyway,  And, for what it's worth, I think it'll be a series.  (Like, one with actual sex! And a plot!). So, if you'd like to feed the muse, please drop me a kind word.
“Well, there you have it, ladies and gentlemen! One more thing to look forward to at the gala. It looks like we’re out of time. Captain--it’s been an honor.”
This chapter was a bit of a struggle (as you may have seen on tumblr).  So--because I'm feeling anxious--just a polite reminder that I ask not to receive concrit.  When I post a chapter I consider it final and negative comments just get me down.  If you object to something in the chapter, I ask that you kindly not tell me so.  Thank you!
Tony bit his lip and Steve added, “Really, I’m happy to do whatever you think best here. After all, you’ve dealt more with SHIELD than I have.”
.”  Steve glanced down, looking embarrassed, as if Tony might think he was bragging.  (Oh fuck, I love you.)
“I've missed you, Tony,” Pepper said quietly.  It made him feel warm inside.  “I wish we got to spend more time together.”
Tony stroked Steve’s cheek and continued: “I loved seeing you press your cheek to my foot because you
Thatwhichyields, my brilliant beta, suggests that I warn you for spoilers for The Hobbit, if you haven't read the book.  (And if not, go read it! It's great!)
Tony got awkwardly to his feet, his heart thumping heavily in his chest, then he had a moment of uncertainty before shaking it off as absurd.  (If Steve wanted me to crawl, he’d have said so—besides, he’s not even here to enjoy it.)
“Tony?” Steve said, laying a hand on his lover’s shoulder and holding out a bowl of chili.  (You’ve been staring.  Still tired?  Huh.  Maybe I shouldn’t have woken you up.)  “You ready?”
And if Tony believed in telepathy or psychic projection or any of that crap, he might believe Natasha had it. How could the slightest furrow at her brow, the tiniest twitch of her lips express without words,
Tony swallowed thickly and shook the memories away. (Seriously, what had Rhodey ever seen in him?) He’d burned the paper copy as soon as he got back to his room—and nearly set off the dorm’s fire alarms—but he couldn’t bring himself to delete the file. The optimistic little voice whispering ‘maybe for somebody else . . .’ somehow managed to win against the clamorous shouts of ‘if Rhodey doesn’t want me, nobody will ever want me’ and ‘I’ll never want anybody ever again!’ After all, he told himself he could always delete it later.
With an amused smile, Leila took her leave. Steve stood for a moment, blinking after her, then said with a grin, “So, I’ll bet she and Pepper get along.”
showed the feisty beloved eventually submitting to the unflagging and frankly stalker-ish persistence of the Dom with a crush? The guy who asks her—(because, yeah, hardly any male subs or Dommes in the media)— out over and over and over again.  The guy who shows up unannounced with flowers (possibly breaking and entering to deliver them); eliminates her other suitors with unscrupulous, yet 'comic antics'; watches her with ‘protective’ ‘attentiveness’; and follows her around, thereby enabling him to rescue her from somebody even more creepy and rapey. “It’s not stalking! It’s
Tony and Pepper stood silently in front of Marseilles waiting for their respective drivers, Tony swaying slightly on his feet.  He wondered if the vibrant yellow, four inch pumps she was wearing had been part of the bouquet.  Somehow, he was in no mood to ask.
Steve was running too fast—he knew that, knew people were starting to stare.  He really shouldn’t let himself run like this in public, but it was hard to slow down, hard to hold back.  He felt like he was flying and each pounding footfall was crying out “He loves me! He loves me!  He loves me!”  Steve was grinning like a loon and didn’t care in the least.  It was a beautiful, crisp autumn day in Central Park and everything was perfect, beautiful, amazing.
to tell me at all.  But, I do want to know.  I want to understand you, Steve.”  Tony paused.  (Go on-- affirm and reassure.)  “Because I love you.”
“I think my sub is the best part of the twenty-first century,” the Captain says. The audience coos again and he adds to them, “And we already talked about how much I love Star Trek!” Scattered audience laughter.
Rhodey rolled his eyes.  “Tony, I’ve always talked about you with Pepper.  You know that.  It’s part of our sacred pact.”
It was delicious, dizzying.  There wasn’t enough air.  He was moaning and whining as Steve held him up against the wall, rutting and kissing.  Steve’s tongue was rough and heavy in his mouth and Tony sucked on his tongue desperately, wanting Steve inside him every way he could have him, wanted to suck him, take him in, get fucked raw and hard.
Tony clapped his hands and turned back to Steve. “Okay, tell me about the suit. We can run through it while we wait for dinner to arrive.”
Thanks for sticking with me!  Your encouragement is cherished.  Hopefully, there will be more soon!  xoxo
Steve lifted Tony into bed by his armpits. (It wasn’t far—there was no need to hold Tony against his chest. He hadn’t imprinted, damnit.)
. And at the first hint of a rumor about it I started getting calls from top Army brass asking about DOD contracts.”
He wanted to talk to Ste-- to someone.  For once he didn’t want to be alone with his thoughts.  (Waiting for the other shoe to drop.). He grabbed his phone and tapped “M” in his contacts.  His finger hovered over the letters: MISTRESS OF THE UNIVERSE.
Tony just couldn’t resist ribbing Clint a bit—he’d taken Hawkeye for a Stones type—and soon they were bickering playfully the age-old question of Beatles vs. Stones, each trying to win Steve over.
Steve bucked back hard, panting. Tony licked his cock teasingly, then added, “Go on and fuck my mouth too.   Let yourself come.  You have permission now-- I want you to come.”
Back in the ballroom, Tony breathed easier, though his heart was still racing. He took a deep breath.
Steve shrugged into his own coat and held the door open, then hailed them a cab. As he held that door for Tony too, Tony realized he’d really never done
Also, I wrote a companion piece for chapter 36 about The Dom in the Coat that you might like to read.  Not necessary to understand chapter 37, but might enrich the experience.  You can find it here: http://archiveofourown.org/works/3308483
“Lunch,” Tony repeated dubiously. (What the hell time was it? How could time crawl and fly at the same time? Ugh.)
Steve heard the ‘snick’ of the lube opening up and his heart leapt.  Tony’s slick finger was circling his hole, a gentle caress.  With his other hand, Tony was stroking his back, his thighs, with light fingertips.  It was warm in the workshop, but Steve shivered.  Tony was clearly in no hurry.
“The frittata’s in the oven, so all that’s left really is toast and melon. And I was gonna fry you some bacon to go with it.”
“Oh,” Rogers said with a slight frown.  (Disapproving? Pensive? Curious?)  It made Tony want to explain despite himself.  Made him want to tell Rogers that he loved Pepper, but they didn’t work like that.  That there were hints of power exchange in their friendship, but it wasn’t erotic, just a kindness between friends.  That he may be a slut, but he wasn’t casual with people he loved—it would be too confusing and hurtful to be together but not.
Bruce looked at him with a raised eyebrow and added, “I asked you too through JARVIS, but you never answered.” Tony wasn’t really listening.
Steve raised his hands to unbutton the top button of his shirt, then glanced around the workshop. His ears turned pink and he paused.
It had been billed as the trial of the century.  Despite days of testimony about her Dom's systematic abuse, they'd thrown out the self-defense plea and charged her with premeditated, first-degree murder.  Three people were killed at protests the day Mary Jacobs was hanged.  Later liberationists adopted her as a martyr and a rallying cry.
Really hope you liked it!  Musings and curiosity welcome as always!  Favorite bit? Fav line?  Lemme know!  :)
There were already a few SHIELD agents on the ground wearing heavy SWAT gear. Tony was pretty sure that it would slow them down more than it would protect them, but he wasn’t the one in charge of that sort of thing. (And, yeah, okay—they totally need his new poly-aramid too . . .)
.)  The minutes drifted by, filled with little caresses and murmurings, warm skin against skin.  Tony listened as Steve’s breathing evened out, slipping easily into the steady rhythm of sleep.  Tony shifted a little so he could look at Steve’s sleep-softened expression, marveling at how quickly Steve could go from subspace to sleep.
“Holy shit!” Clint called. He took four pictures in rapid succession. “Now there’s a sign of super muscles—just carrying that massive bird is an act of patriotic heroism! Dude, Tony, did you order a dinosaur? Looks like a pterodactyl.”
Steve stood awkwardly in the middle of Tony’s bedroom for a moment, then shrugged and pulled his dirty clothes back on.  (Okay, really should get a robe up here.  Or maybe bring some clothes up?  Shit, no.  Too soon, stupid.  Don’t scare him!)  Steve swallowed and headed for the door.  He had just enough time for a run before training.
Tony waved him in impatiently and pulled up the clip he’d been saving for this very moment. He flipped the tablet for Rogers to see and maxed the volume:
“Tell her I’m coming down to meet her,” Tony called, leaping off the couch and dropping Steve's hand.
Tony felt like maybe he should say something—though whether to remind Steve that he could withdraw his contract
“Yes!” Tony cried, relieved to find that he and Bruce were on the same wavelength.  “But that would mean that we’re not just dealing with an unknown energy source, but one generated from a space with radically different rules of electromagnetic radiation.”
Steve looked up from his papers—reports of some sort—and Tony turned away, suddenly aware he’d been staring.
And Cap couldn’t even get the words out! It was Tony who’d said they were ‘dating;’ Cap just hadn’t contradicted him.  Cap said “we’re not breaking any rules.”  And, well, ‘dating’ was a pretty flexible term . . .
Another finger pressed up against the first and Steve added more slick. The lube was cool, but not unpleasantly so when Tony felt so hot, flushed, and aching.
Steve shifted closer to Tony on the bed, head against Tony’s chest.  He stared, eyes unfocused, lost in thought.  Tony’s heart was pounding.  After a few long moments, Steve shook himself and continued.
Tony’d never seen him so flustered and stammering.  He cut in:  “Calm down, Cap.  It’s not like I heard “hey, Tony, you worthless slut,” whenever you pulled out my chair.”
“Mmm,” Tony hummed, stalking closer and giving Steve a deliberate look up and down.  “Does making pancakes always get you hot and bothered?”
(Tom was pretty sure the whole ‘innocent, calm, unconcerned’ thing was a ploy to get under Rogers’s skin; it seemed to be working.)
Tony felt like the air had been knocked out of his lungs.  He couldn't find the breath to reply as Rogers bade him a quiet “goodnight, Mr. Stark” and slid away.
updates. Tony was just turning his attention to a new creature, hitting it with repulsor blasts in quick succession, when a new voice—familiar and comforting— spoke on the comm:
Bruce stood quietly, still staring sadly at the spectrometer’s incomplete data yield.  He shook his head and muttered once again, “I just can’t believe it.”
“I’m actually pretty good at the internet, you know,” Steve protested mildly, gesturing to his computer.
(Huh?) Tony was glad that Steve wasn’t looking at him just then, since he was pretty sure his bewildered face wasn’t what Steve needed to see right then. (Is he afraid he’ll go into some sort of uncontrollable Dominant lust frenzy and take leave of his senses?) The idea was so silly—it was like something out of a nineteenth century novel. (Or rape culture—okay, that went someplace depressing fast.)
(At least it was better than poison.)  Tony’s mouth twisted, half amused and half bitter.  (Italia’s reputation in that regard wasn’t unwarranted.)
“JARVIS?” Tony yelled into the HUD, “Call SI. Order Evacuation Protocol, stat. And send updates to emergency services and the news stations if they don’t know already. Have them get people inside and lock the doors! Away from windows!” Tony swallowed. “This is gonna get ugly.”
Please accept this chapter.  Gratitude to M, C, and thatwhichyields for brainstorming and cheer leading.
(Not bad.) He poured the water into the carafe and fitted the pot in place, thinking the words he couldn’t say out loud, even alone.
Tony was still formulating his follow up question when Cap added a little sheepishly, “Maybe it’s just an old habit.  There wasn’t that much I could do to help my mother as a kid—or even when I got older.  Taking care of the cooking was often all I could manage.  So maybe this is just a bit of the same.”
“Duly noted,” Natasha said with an amused smirk. She was wearing a green strapless evening gown with a mermaid train (and his mother’s pendant nestled at her throat).
, but short of that--)  Tony snorted. (Actually, he wouldn’t go back to his 20’s for anything--not even to lose the crow’s feet.)
“It’s late. I should go. Let you get some rest.” Steve squeezed Tony’s hands, then said, “Good night, Tony. Sleep well. I’ll see you in the morning.”
Tony tried to turn over, then winced in pain. Pepper leapt to her feet, expression tense. “Does it hurt? Do you want more of your drip? The nurse said you could administer your own dose.”
Rogers was clearly gearing up to have a serious conversation, and Tony wasn’t a big fan of those—especially where they could be overheard.
When Steve woke up, it was still dark out.  He felt a delicious languor in his muscles, but his eyes and throat were scratchy and dry.  Tony’s body was pressed against his, warm and soothing.  The rim of the arc reactor was a firm pressure at his shoulder blades, and Tony’s arms were tight around his chest.  Steve stirred and stretched, then let out a murmuring little sigh.
Tony felt a flood of relief, quickly followed by uncertainty. “So you don’t have a problem with it? Or think pre-marital sex is sinful?”
(Oh God, yes please . . .) The desire to please Tony was like a heavy yearning, an ache deep in his chest or coiled tight in his stomach.  He wanted Tony to use him, and the very word sent a frisson on guilty pleasure through him.  (
When the elevator doors opened, Rogers was standing in his living room halfway to the elevator, hands hanging awkwardly at his sides.
“Oooh!” He called, “Next up we’ve got some quality Sulu. And a new type of green-skinned alien for Kirk to find surprisingly attractive despite the antennae.”
“That’s fine, Tony,” Steve said with a little smile. “Don’t rush. That’ll give me time to make some arrangements.”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tony rolled his eyes.  (Barton, Romanov, and Rogers?  Probably a lot.  Did they actually have any hobbies other than being big, buff, and deadly?)
Rebecca Martinez turned the corner and her face lit up. She cut a striking figure, wearing a pink silk robe loosely belted so it fell open at the side. Her body was curvaceous, like a pinup girl from a bygone era. Her dark hair cascaded around her shoulders framing her round face and bright brown eyes. Beautiful.
With that, Steve beat a hasty retreat, leaving Tony alone in the living room, staring at the yellowing photograph.
By the time Tony arrived for their next meeting it was too late to get Steve on his own without making a big scene.  And--(Oh, awesome.)—Agent Dominick was there.  And he was talking with Steve, who had his ‘serious professional face’ on.  Well, Tony could put his game face on too.
Tony didn’t believe in babying people, so he launched sudden and fast.  He heard Cap exclaim, “Oh!” then repeat, his tone awed, “
The force field was hovering right between two horses and, Tony couldn’t be sure with the naked eye, but it seemed bigger.  Its glow gave the motionless carousel horses a frightening, spectral appearance: their dead staring eyes, their open mouths ready to bite, or frozen in a cry of terror.  Looked like they’d switched genres from sci-fi to horror.
EDITED TO ADD:  A reader has politely suggested that some might appreciate the following warning:  sregvyvgl / cneragubbq phygher .
Where had Tony gone?  What was taking him so long?  Did he like the idea of making Steve wait?  Just leave him kneeling there, at his command.  (Mmmm.)
“Look at you.  You take it so well,” Tony said, voice low and filthy.  “You’re cock’s dripping, and you’re all loose and wet back here, letting me fuck you.”
you should have gone back to battle reports and training modules right after rounding up the last stray aliens.
“And you said you couldn’t dance!” Tony exclaimed as he moved Steve across the floor in their second waltz. “Look at you now!”
“JARVIS!” Tony called out on sudden inspiration around one in the morning. “Wake everybody up! Let’s share this party!”
“Or Christine in statistics; she’d would be thrilled to go,” Natasha was saying to Steve as Tony turned the corner into the kitchen.  They were sitting together at the formal dinning table, a tea pot and teacups between them. Steve shook his head emphatically.
Tony smiled, relieved. “We can go soon! I’ve got a project on tomorrow with Bruce, but soon. After all, the Met’s not going anywhere.”
Her face lit up.  “Steve,” she repeated.  “We, that is, some of the other SHEILD trainees and I were going to go out this evening.  Just drinks, maybe some dancing and karaoke, and we, well,
Tony squirmed and pressed into Steve’s touch. His cock—now fully hard—throbbed and twitched, bobbing in the air, sometimes brushing against Steve’s clothes.  Tony realized with a hot humiliated rush that he was leaking pre-cum all over Steve’s nice black dress pants.  It might stain.
“So other than making sure that the big bad meanies in the press haven’t sent me into an emotional tailspin, what’s up?”
“Tony?” Steve whispered so quietly it was little more than a breath against his neck. (A very hot, sexy breath.)
He’d been so happy when he came down to the workshop, but somehow he’d started getting tangled up in the details and the ‘what if’s’ and the thousands of ways everything could go to hell and--
“Good morning, Mr. Stark,” Rogers said as Tony entered the kitchen. (Tony hadn’t seen much of Rogers since their Talk.) The Captain hovered a moment, then turned back to what he was doing. “The coffee’s fresh,” Rogers added after a pause.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Yep. Sure. And shoot Pepper an email with a big picture of the salad. Tell her I’m a good boy, eating my greens.”
It was a beautiful day.  In the past week, Tony had been busy and maybe a little subdued, but things between them had been great.  They’d gone out for tapas with the team—Natasha’s turn to pick the restaurant-- and if Tony sat a little closer than he would have before nobody made a big deal of it.  While Tony worked in his lab, Steve had taught another module at SHEILD and he’d been helping Natasha put her new Bite through its paces.  Tony had resurfaced to join them for another movie—Steve’s pick this time,
Tony’s mouth was full, so he contemplated his answer while chewing.  Slowly.  He was half tempted to pretend he didn’t know what Rogers meant—“Of course!  The team is getting pizza again tonight!”—but that seemed unnecessary.  Rogers wanted a date.  With him.  Tony swallowed.
Steve’s silence seemed a little stunned, so Tony continued encouragingly, “You could show me a few moves, let me practice what Clint and Natasha were teaching me. Maybe throw me around a bit . . .”—Tony’s heart was racing just with the words—“toss me down on the mat and pin me there . . .
.  Fame made it worse, but it wasn’t just about privacy.  (I want to!  I do. I just freeze…)  Deep breath.  (Breathing techniques—best thing the SHIELD therapist ever taught me…)
Steve blinked. Tony’s face went tight. (Rhodey? This was the Colonel Rhodes from Tony’s stories?) Steve blinked again. He was, uh, nothing like Steve had pictured.
As always, thank you for your kind words and encouragement.  They are a constant inspiration!  Sharing this story with you is a real joy.  Thank you!
“So handsome . . . ” Tony rolled lazily in bed and gave a seductive little wriggle. “What are you up to today? Wanna show your sub a good time?”
Natasha was curled up in a thickly padded chair in the far corner, the one with the clearest view of the door and window. She was wearing a large blue sweatshirt and soft grey yoga pants. There was a book open in her lap, but she was watching the door. Her left wrist was in a cast.
Tony looked over at Steve, tearing his eyes from the perfectly ordered world of his own designs.  Steve was giving him this sweet, hopeful look.
“I mean it,” he repeated, setting down his empty glass. “I’ll talk to you later, Cap.” And with that, Tony slid away from the bar.
“—and water expands!  If the water levels rose like that in New York and then froze, all the buildings would collapse because--”
Tony came a few steps closer. Steve went stiff, but he didn’t step away so Tony was counting it as win.
(Duh. Mass.) Tony shook himself a little. (He’d been on the verge of asking Steve to watch an episode of
Tony nodded.  (He just asked you on a date, stupid.  Everything’s fine.)  Steve bit his lip and a hint of a blush colored his cheeks.  (Oh, yay!  Bet it’s about sex.)
“It’s a good offer, really," Bruce said evenly. "I am interested in joining the Avengers Initiative. I want more detail in writing first, but--” Bruce's tone was hard to read.  He glanced up at Tony and added, “But I’m still going with Tony, thanks.”
Steve jolted and whirled around, chest heaving. His eyes were bloodshot, his cheeks streaked with tears. He stared at Tony for a moment, wild-eyed, then stumbled from the railing.
“I won an award from the Parental Advocacy Association,” Pep said at last in a dull, flat voice. “It’s for the work I’ve done revising our parental leave at Stark Industries. To ‘create a family-friendly work environment that fosters life-work balance and provides outstanding medical care.’”
“Nah, I’m good with coffee for now,” Tony said, savoring the sights and smells of Sunday brunch: bacon, eggs, pancakes, fruit, and Steve in a suit and tie. (A suit and tie. Because he got up early and
Tony held out the mug like Steve might bite.  Steve accepted it even though he didn’t want coffee anymore.  He had a sick, sinking feeling.
“Good morning, sir. The time in Stark Tower is 9:53 am, current temperature outside fifty-seven degrees.”
be like a flower? Or a Venus Fly Trap! Some badass carnivorous plant or cactus. Even Cap got a simile and—“
Tony laughed. “Okay, nobody is going to ask you about Clinton or Nixon or anybody else; as long as you can remember Obama is our current president, you’re fine. And your terms sound okay to me. Just remember ‘presented minority’ and hyphenated-American, if it comes up. Oh! And presented minorities have pretty solidly reappropriated ‘twink’ and ‘dyke,’ but given the origins and you coming from the 40’s, I’d steer clear just the same.”
But Steve had barely seen Stark. And it seemed like lately every time Bruce would ask JARVIS to please ask Tony to join them--for a meal or a picture or something--JARVIS answered that "Sir is unavailable" or "Sir is otherwise engaged" or (just once) "Sir regrets he is unable to join you." And Bruce would frown and mutter under his breath. And sometimes he'd go down to the workshop and come back sad and a little angry or he'd not come back at all.
In the chair below him Bruce took a sharp breath and clenched his fist on the table.  Tony laid a hand lightly on his shoulder.  Captain America was watching them both intently, minute frown on his face.
And it was then Steve noticed—Tony’s watch didn’t just tell him what time it was; it also told him the date.  Steve couldn’t get any more words out, so he just nodded, feeling overwhelmingly grateful.
“No, hey, that’s not—“ Tony cut Steve off. “Look, just, you’re always cooking, you know? And trust me, you do
(It’s easy to beg for the little things, the specifics—pin me down, take my ass, fuck my mouth—but so much harder to really ask for—)
Tony kicked off his boots (3.5 inch heels) and curled up in the corner of the couch, farthest from the others. Rogers took the empty seat beside him, leaving a little over a foot of space between them.  He was looking at Tony with that “I’m thinking hard and it hurts” look he sometimes got right before opening his mouth.
“Workshop, J,” Tony said, stepping into the elevator. He’d only made it half way down when he remembered he was out of coffee in the workshop and the new machine hadn’t arrived yet. “No, wait. Back up, J. Communal kitchen. And start the coffee.”
.) He turned on the shower and poured himself a cup of coffee. (Yes, he put a coffee maker in the bathroom and JARVIS turns it on. So?)
. . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“What!? A backhanded endearment? From you?” Tony ran his hands down his body. “Also, fyi, I do not have muffin tops, you little dick!”
“I don’t mean it like that,” Steve said with clear exasperation and impatience. “Nobody should deal with that.  It’s wrong.  There are laws—especially now.”
“Well, they do have more domosterone,” Tony said with a shrug. “Harry seemed like a good guy when we met. Chews with his mouth open, but there are worse things. He’s at Goldman Sachs, right?”
“Yeah, that’s it,” Steve said, “I don’t think the sudokus I got Sarah were nearly hard enough. She was through a third of them before I left. But Jason really took to the colored pencils and was sharing them sweetly with Kevin. Sister Claire set up a drawing space for all the kids with new art supplies. Everybody kept trying to get me to play dodge-ball with them in the gym—and I did, for a little while—but honestly I was happier at the drawing station.”
“Yeah, good night, guys,” Clint said, gathering his comics with great care. “And Tony? Thanks again. Really, man.”
“I want to make you incoherent with lust and pleasure until you’re a quivering wreck in my arms and then I want to stroke your hair when you’re coming down and tell you what a good boy you are, how perfect.  I want you, Steve.  All of you.”
Tony’d been alternating between poking through the energy data from NASA and tinkering his way through assembling Security Blanket Mark 1—(hopefully, Mark Only)—while Steve read something on his tablet. (Gasp! Not an ink and paper book!)
“Hey, man! Welcome back,” Clint said, thumping him on the back. “I can’t believe you missed our sparing match to frolic in the California sun with Pepper.”
“Yeah. Yeah you are.” He could tell from her voice that she was smiling. “Thanks, Tony. I’ll see you soon.”
Ms. Potts returned with an impressive-looking first aid kit, kicked off her shoes, climbed into bed, and pulled Tony into her arms. Despite the disparity in their builds, it was Tony who looked small, curling into himself like that, huddling against her. She took out a pair of tweezers and antiseptic, then looked up suddenly.
“Yes, I realize that.” They stood awkwardly for a moment before Ms. Potts said, “I was looking for Bruce?”
Tony stumbled towards the bathroom, scratching his butt. (What? Nobody could see him.) Tony brushed his teeth and frowned at his reflection in the mirror. He was looking a little . . . unkept. Tony rinsed and spat.
“Good morning, boys,” Natasha called over her shoulder without looking at them as she headed for the kitchen.
“I’m honored, Captain,” the old man said, shaking Steve’s hand. “It’s good to see Mr. Stark out with a respectable Dominant at last.”
Cap set aside his notepad and turned off the TV abruptly. They sat in silence.  Tony finished his scotch.
Tony bade them each goodbye, closed down the projections, and then turned to his teammates who had settled on the couches behind him with their pizza and drinks while he’d wrapped up.
Interesting.  For “canes & crops,” Steve had checked “curious” then “unsure,” then back to “curious” before ending on “unsure” again.  Same thing with “whips.”  “CBT” had started in “dislike,” moved to “curious,” then found a home in “unsure.”  Spanking had moved from “curious” to “like” to “unsure” then back to “curious.”  (Oh fuck!)
He turned his attention suddenly back to the stove where the pancakes were getting a little scorched. While Steve hastily removed them from the griddle, Tony poured himself coffee and reassured Steve that “Clint actually likes the burnt ones.”
. I’ve personally recruited some of the finest minds from MIT, Berkeley, and Cal Tech; some of them your Stark Scholars. This is my division and my project. Ask me anything about the specs. I’ve made it my business to know them inside and out.”
Tony tilted his head down to the right and drew his left shoulder back just a little, showing off the taut muscles of his neck, the bare skin of his throat. He let his voice dip lower as he added, “Because I do so want to please you, Steve.”
Tony wondered distantly how much input Carmichael’d had on Tony’s early contracts. (How can we get ahead of the Stark problem—the drinking, the slutting, the attitude? On a scale of one-to-ten, which of Stark’s bad habits would test lowest with Avengers related focus groups?)
“PR?” Tony asked, shooting Fury a dirty look. “Really? And you couldn’t give us a heads up? You know I have an entire PR department.”
“Huh?”  (Left engine seems like it’s humming a little louder.  Shit.  Better look at that soon.)  Tony dragged his eyes from his creation to glance at Rogers.  “I’ve got a stable of lawyers as my Negotiators.”
“Would you really?” Tony asked, tilting his head to look up through his lashes. (Things just might be looking up for the evening.)
Tony tossed a tennis ball for Dummy and watched the bot wheel off after it. Somebody had gotten the little guy a Santa hat. (At first, he’d suspected Steve, but on further reflection it seemed more like a Clint thing to do. That guy was unexpectedly into Christmas.) Tony made his next call; she picked up on the first ring.
UPDATE:  Because I'm presenting at an international conference soon (!!!) and then going on a hiking trip, there won't be an update until the first week of July at the soonest.  Please don't worry!  Story in NO RISK of being abandoned, but I won't be around until July.  See you then!
Tony rolled his eyes. “Calm down, Cap. I’m not—“ (“-- asking you to leave your boot prints all over my ass or anything.”) Tony held in the crude words and cleared his throat, hunching in on himself a little. “It’s no big deal.”
“I was wondering, though,” Rogers said a little hesitantly, “what did your team mean about us living in the tower together? And the tabloids?”
Cap looked conflicted--(Well played there, Nat.)--but Clint was still furious.  He stood, awkward and fuming.
Tony flopped down next to Bruce and gave him a reassuring pat on the shoulder. “Katie’s probably over the moon; she especially loves a challenge. Anyway, they’ll want to get a read on how you want your publicity to go—Mean Green or not—stat.”
Tony gazed at Steve over his sixth cup of coffee and didn’t bother trying keep the dopey smile off his face. There was no need; Steve had the same look.
Tony almost resented the rush of relief that shot through his body at the sound of Steve’s voice. (Ridiculous. You were
After a few moments of rapt contemplation, Tony turned to her with something bordering on irritation, “I sometimes wonder if you’re a mind reader.  You should be The Scarlet Witch, like on the radio, instead of the Black Widow.”
There was the sound of another sniffle at the other end of the phone and Tony felt his eyes prickling in sympathy. His chest ached.
“But I--” Rogers started, then he snapped his mouth shut.  Rogers had that frustrated, confused puppy look on his face.  He took a deep breath and let it out, blanking his expression.
“This isn’t a conversation we could have had when I was a soldier . . . before, but a lot has changed since then, so I want you to know that--”  (Shit, shit, shit.)  It was hard to breathe.  “That--”  Bruce was doing some sort of smile-frown thing, and the others looked concerned.
“I go home to the workshop and it takes me three days to work up the nerve to call you and ask for a date. You say yes and ask if I like Italian. We go on dates—long, amazing dates—and we talk about politics and art and Star Trek, ‘cause you loved it as a kid too. At some point, I know you’ve realized I’m Tony Stark, but you don’t treat me any differently.”
Steve stood frozen for a moment.  His dropped his gaze and raised his hands uncertainly to his collar then lowered them to start with his cuffs, suddenly awkward.  Was there a certain way he was supposed to do this?  What did Tony expect?  What if he--
Bruce cleared his throat, then said loudly, “Looks like there’s lots of pasta! That would be quick and easy.”
“Okay, but you may need to institute some dance floor safety protocols,” Steve mumbled, looking a little bashful.
“Forget you heard that,” Tony said sternly, cutting in. “They’re crap and we’re gonna pretend they don’t exist. Just like the recent
“I’ll consider it.” Rhodey said it deadpan, but the words were followed by the slightest little smile.
Even without ropes and gags and whips, the book made it clear that there could be psychological distress and it was the Dom’s job to look out for that sort of thing, to monitor muscle tension, breathing, minute body language.  (No wonder Tony’d been so upset . . . I was
“So,” Tony said, eager to be done, “You want to show me respect?  Don’t do that stuff.  Other than that, we’re cool. Okay?”
Tony caught Steve’s eye as he approached; the look of relief on Steve’s face made him feel warm. (And it definitely wasn’t wishful thinking.) Tony gave Steve a grin and a wink, then schooled his expression to serious.
“You are most welcome, Prince Anthony,” the king repeated, then added, “I mean no offense . . . but aren’t you cold, atired thus?”
Tony laughed.  “Calm down, Cap.  It’s tradition!  Besides, they don’t mean it.  Er, I think.  Mostly.”  Tony was giving Clint and Natasha a fake frightened look and backing away.  Then Tony changed the subject, waving the shirts in Steve’s face.  “But seriously, where are we going and what am I wearing, O Captain my Captain?”
Steve felt lighter as he stood in the little churchyard, enjoying the neat little rows of herbs and bushes, the labyrinth laid out in white and grey stones. He smiled and, after a few more minutes, crossed the street where his bike was waiting.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
actor.  He could fake his way through just about anything he wanted.  And, really, why would he want to do all that work?  It was so clearly all about Steve  (Stupid.  Selfish.)  Steve came to a sudden stop as if he’d run into a brick wall.  How had he not noticed before?
“I know I should let you go back to work, but there was something else, actually.  If you have a minute?”
“Ugh,” Clint said. “Okay, if you two are going to nerd out over retro sci-fi, I’m calling it a night.”
California was good for him. It felt soothing to be helpful (even if he suspected Pepper was giving him harmless busywork).
Tony pushed him down firmly and pulled up fast, watching as Steve mirrored the motion with his hand.  (Oh fuck!)
“So, I came over here to yell at you about fucking up our data pull,” Tony said with a shrug, “but apparently you’re pissed too so maybe I’ll skip it.”
But Mr. Cavalli had recently let Steve go when his business took another bad turn; the pinch in Steve’s stomach and the danger of being turned out in the cold was enough to conquer far greater humiliations.  He needed steady work, but one solid gig would stave off disaster.
. Bruce thinks it’s absurd speculation.” Tony cut up his pancakes while he talked. They had just the right amount of syrup. “He may be right--probably is--but I’m trying to think of it as an intellectual exercise. Can’t seem to stop thinking about it anyway, so—“ Tony cut himself off with a bite of pancake.
“Steve!” Tony said urgently. His hand fisted in Steve’s shirt to hold him there. (This had gone on long enough.) Tony cleared his throat.
“Looks good, Cap,” Tony said. Rogers shrugged; he didn’t offer to make Tony an omelet. Tony still felt sort of bad for snapping at the guy—as Rogers had said, he was trying—so Tony wracked his brain for a peace offering. A “hey, we’re cool, but let’s not do the whole Talking thing again anytime soon unless we have to” kind of gesture.
Thank you all so much for your kindness.  Your kudos and encouraging comments mean a lot to me and make me tremendously happy.
Tony was still driving himself insane with the readings from Bob the Creepy Energy Field.  He couldn’t help it.  Sure, everything they came up with was hypothetical for now, but maybe he’d light on a solution that wouldn’t require . . . yeah, no, that wasn’t gonna happen.  But still, he couldn’t just
Off to the side, Tony could hear the team shuffling around, getting plates and opening beer bottles. Tony tuned them out.
"You do, don't you?" Tony's breath was warm as he leaned closer. "You're not sorry at all, are you? You liked it. Loved it. Loved fucking me, hard and fast, filling me up with your cum--leaving me filthy and dripping with it."
“I’m glad to hear you say that.”  Rebecca looked very pleased, her expression warm. “A lot of people might see it the other way.”
"No?" Tony jeered. "Why not? Already fucked me once. Why not again?" He looked pointedly to Steve's bulging crotch. "You want it. Want to take my tight ass--use me like a whore, feel my heat around your dick."
Tony’s stomach dropped. In that instant, all his worst fears flashed before his eyes. (Steve’s through with you, it’s just not a good match, you’re too
“No. We're not.” She said it in that firm, matter-of-fact tone she used for important information in briefings.
Tony blinked.  “Sure.  I mean, why not?  It was great and it’s kinda your favorite, right?  Maybe this time I can convince you to try something other than pepperoni.”
The elevator doors opened on the living room, pristine and impersonal as ever with one small exception. There was a small Christmas tree made of carved wood sitting on the kitchen counter. From down the hall, Tony could hear a rich baritone singing:
“We used to call it shellshock,” he continues quietly. “Or combat fatigue. People didn’t talk about it--or only in a whisper.” The Captain falls silent.
He must have seen something on Tony’s face, because Steve was already backtracking: “Sorry.  I know how busy you are.  I’m happy to bring a plate down to the works--”
“Thank you for accepting my apology, Mr. Stark,” Rogers said, looking up at Tony with those earnest, big blue eyes for a moment, before dropping his gaze back to his glass.
him?  Steve felt a little rush just thinking the word.  Steve had asked a few more times when they were fooling around, begged for it in the most romantic and erotic terms he could think of, but Tony kept shushing him and promising, “soon.”  Maybe he was waiting for Steve to read those books before going any farther?  Steve nodded to himself and sped up again, turning towards the Tower instinctively.
“Look, I’m sorry, all right?” Tony said, making a placating little gesture with his hands.  “I got it wrong and I’m sorry.”
Finally, at two am, Tony had closed up all the Bob schematics and called Pepper.  (To be fair, it was only eleven in California.)  He missed her terribly.  She was his touchstone, his true north, and all that other poetic stuff.  So he called her to talk.  (But not really.)  They caught up on small things, worked a little on the fast-approaching fundraiser, agreed to go clubbing again when she visited.  She’d taken up some new exercise regimen and Tony listened patiently to her enthusiastic explanations for a while before he started to fidget, his attention wandering.  Now it was something about art.
Better go change too. Maybe the green button down? With the heather grey sweater? No, no; too dressy. It was just a team outing for beer and burgers. Jeans and a Stark Industries sweatshirt?
Tony tapped his foot in the elevator. After all, he needed to look his best; there would be tons of photographers on the red carpet.
“You can just send a minion next time.  Coffee runs are a bit below your pay grade, wouldn’t you say?”
Steve gave a gentle tug on the ropes, pulling him back even more.  Tony’s cock dripped and his thighs strained. Steve’s kisses grew rougher, more urgent.  He pulled at Tony’s bottom lip with his teeth.  (It was good, so good.)
Tony wondered momentarily if he’d just betrayed Rhodey’s confidence, then dismissed the idea. If Rhodey were there he’d be offering Steve the same reassurance.
“Oh, fuck, Steve, come here,” Tony panted and yanked him up the bed.  He licked the come from Steve’s swollen lips and thrust his tongue into Steve’s mouth, tasting himself there, salty and bitter. They kissed, frantic and filthy, panting into each other’s mouths.
“It was always cold in France. In Germany. The cold got into your bones, like it’d stay there always. Even if you made it home.”
When he found his voice again, Tony asked in a joking tone, obviously deflecting, “Does that mean we have your blessing?”
. . . . . .. .  . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..  .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Not that Tony thought Rogers was stupid. He didn’t. Just, well, he’d always assumed somebody wrote Captain America’s rousing speeches. Someone else. A professional. Now Tony wasn’t so sure.
“I—green, but I . . .” Tony fumbled for the right words and tried to string them together. “If you don’t stop soon, I won’t be able to— I’ll . . .” His cheeks went dark. “I won’t be able to wait.”
Tony tightened his arms around Steve.  (He’ll leave.) Steve sighed in his sleep, face pressed against Tony’s chest, his breath fogging up the arc reactor.  (No he won’t.  He wouldn’t.  You’re being stupid.  Steve loves you.)  Tony reached up to touch Steve’s hair, then pulled his hand back.  (So did Pepper.  Pepper left.  You let her down over and over . . .)  Tony wished he had a bedroom bot.  It would be nice to have DUM-E bring him a bottle of water right now.  (You’ve let Steve down too.  Again, you fuck up.)
Steve pulled him close.  “We may hurt each other sometimes, but we won’t mean to, so it will be okay.”
“Steve,” Tony said again, more softly, and took Steve’s face in his hands.  He caressed Steve’s cheekbones with his thumbs, then smoothed them along Steve’s eyebrows.  After a moment, Steve closed his eyes and let out a deep sigh, sinking down against the wall.  Tony kissed him very gently on the lips then, when they arrived at the penthouse, pulled Steve towards the living room and the couch.
“Mmm, hmm. Way I hear it, everybody with prejudice against bald Doms is making a terrible mistake with those two.”
(Shoot me now.)  Tony glared at the innards of their beautiful spectrometer. Tony slid a little further under the arc diffusor.
.”  Steve’s voice sounded like he was breaking into a million pieces, like he was in pain.  “Please!  In-- inside me. . .”  His face was scalding; he pressed his cheek against his bound arm and closed his eyes.
Tony closed his eyes and took a shuddering breath. “Yeah,” he breathed, taking Steve’s left wrist. “They’ll look beautiful on you.”
What did it all mean?  The time Rogers delivered lunch?  Or brought him some coffee?  The omelet.  The smile. There was something not just gentle, but
Tony bit his lip. He’d showered after training and laid out his clothes for this evening, but maybe he should go up and start—
“Traitor,” Tony said, without ire. He set Steve’s beer aside with his scotch glass, feeling soothed by their familiar banter.
“I've already eaten,” Pepper said politely, “and I really do have to get through these reports.  Thank you for the invitation, though, Captain.”
“Captain Rogers,” he said, tone brisk and a little out of breath. Tony had half expected him to answer “ahoy.”
Steve nodded his subdued agreement. “They don’t mean to be cruel,” he murmured. “They’re just curious.”
Steve smiled as he took a step closer, coming into Tony’s space. He braced one hand against the wall and slowly leaned down to kiss Tony on the cheek. Just that—the warmth of him, the smell of him, the touch of his lips, his body so close—sent Tony’s heart racing.
The rows of the first chart listed various kinks; the columns, Tony’s enthusiasm for them. Some people liked to give these things rankings, but Tony preferred to present his kinks alphabetically for his Dom’s convenience and since, really, his enthusiasm for a kink depended so much on the scene or the person.
“Nope,” Tony said, waving a hand at her. She raised an eyebrow at his jeans, plain grey hoodie, and baseball cap. “Go change.”
Slowly, Steve’s cock softened and eventually slipped free of Tony’s body; he regretted the loss, but savored the filthy trickle as Steve’s spend leaked from his hole. (Fifteen years ago, the very thought of it might have precipitated round two immediately, but he could hardly back bounce like that now.)
“The whole thing needs to be strong, but also flexible. It was missing an integrated power source!” Tony cried, trying to not to go overboard with his ‘manic-genius-inventor’ enthusiasm.
The fundraiser was declared a success, 2013 was welcomed in style, and Tony was ready to go home. His feet hurt, the socialites’ faces were starting to blur together, and there were three newly-offended Doms to avoid in a ballroom that felt smaller by the minute. But he couldn’t find his team.
“I don’t see why! They’re MY tags!” Steve said indignantly, sounding especially Brooklyn. He added more subdued, “I’d have given you the ones I was wearing, uh, when, but they’re rusted straight through.”
“Don’t be so hard on yourself,” Tony said. “You’ve had a lot to adjust to. That’s hard work. It’s not just something you can--”
On the other side of the launch pad, Mrs. Rhodes was giving Rhodey a hug and touching his cheek. Tony couldn’t hear over the wind, but didn’t need to hear to know that she was saying: “You look after Tony out there, you hear?”
Tony turned to grin at him.  “Consider this a little bit of gay cultural history, babe,” he whispered with a lazy smirk.  Steve smiled back, stroking soft little circles on the back of Tony’s hand with his thumb.
Steve shook his head and pointed at the counter. “And sixty pounds of potatoes. And twenty pounds of butter.”
—but he wasn’t sure it was even true and either way that explanation was hardly going to make it better.  Or maybe he should try, “hey, guess how many hungry people my foundation feeds in a year?”
Steve kissed his forehead.  Then his left cheek, then his right--his hand a warm, steady weight around Tony’s exposed throat.
Rhodey kept tapping furtively at his phone and making this pleased little noise whenever it lit up with a reply. Tony resisted the temptation to roll his eyes. Rhodey kept the ringer on silent and put his phone surreptitiously under the table to text, but he might as well have taken a megaphone and shouted “I’m texting with my new girlfriend and I’m crazy about her!!!” It was sweet (in a disgusting sort of way that totally inspired neither jealousy nor envy).
“No problem, Steve,” Rhodes said gently. “I get it. Some other time.” Rhodes hesitated. “If you change your mind, though, and want company, we’ve got a beer with your name on it.”
They repeated the lesson three more times, Tony crooning praise and encouragement while Steve concentrated on the strange sensations.  It was hard to imagine how a tiny trickle of ticklish water would help him take Tony’s cock the way he wanted, but if Tony thought it would help he was happy to try.  (I’ll be so good . . . so good for you . . .)
Steve hadn’t hated it; he liked it.  Liked to be looked at, liked to be transformed into artwork.  It had made his blood sing and his body hum.  And his miserable, treacherous body (his goddamn traitor cock) responded for all to see.
Thanks so much for reading this!  Hope you liked it!  Sorry for the little cliffhanger.  I hope to have the next chapter written more quickly!  Cheer-leading appreciated as always.  :-)
Sharp pleasure hit him in waves and he watched helplessly as Steve swallowed thick pulses of come, his Dominant’s notch bobbing.  (Fuck, fuck, fuck . . .)
“The Avengers are structured differently from military units. I’m not the commanding officer; I’m more of a lead strategist. That’s more like how we ran the Howling Commandos. This format gives us a lot of flexibility, but it works best small. The Avengers model doesn’t scale up well; it’d be hard to have a full military without a clear chain of command.”
For Rogers’ space Tony’d told the interior designer “classic, a little old fashioned, with clean lines, but not modernist” then okayed or nixed a few items she pulled up.  (Wood, not metal and glass.  Oak, not mahogany.  Dark blues and earth tones, no orange, bright white, or black.)   She’d taken it from there and whipped the place into shape with all the speed big bucks could buy.
Rhodey’s muscles were still bunched tight, his expression intense and searching. He leaned a little closer.
“It’s perfect,” Tony said.  And it was. A miniature of the first bouquet Steve had given him: a red rose, yellow rose, and white lily.  (Love, friendship, and hope.) “Put it on for me?”
. I want to be loving. So marriage, no marriage; it’s a technicality. And I’ve committed worse sins.”
Pepper's voice was animated and carried well down the hallway as he approached: “-- bad feeling about it. I mean, he's
It was a cute picture. Tony smiled. HE took his arm from Steve’s shoulder and stood up, handing the drawing back.
.  Like Steve could fit in the palm of his hand, and Tony could crush him or burn him up, consume him with the force of their coupling, and even if Tony broke him
Tom ducked over to the drinking fountain as Rogers once again exited the mess hall. He let the Captain get ten feet ahead of him, then followed at a casual pace. He took out his phone and plugged in the enhancement ear buds with a smile, pulling up Candy Crush and putting it on mute. The occasional sound of chattering agents passing by was loud enough with the ear buds to nearly make him wince. As he followed Rogers with his eyes glued to his phone, Tom worked to project the oblivious app zombie the older agents all assumed he was anyway. (Blah blah Millenials blah blah.)
Bruce took a deep breath, ready to yell again, then glanced at Tony with a pained expression, raw and exposed.
, not like a show to be put on, just something he should do because it felt right to him in the moment. He took a deep breath and pushed his shoulders back, but still kept his gaze down.
Silently, Tony pulled up the schematics he’d been working on earlier. Soon it would be time to start making the skeletons for the new range of portal closure devices, but first—coffee.
Rogers stood stock-still. His eyes were very blue and very wide as he looked down at Tony reaching up to untie the tie. Tony swallowed—he’d forgotten how intimate it felt to tie a man’s tie for him. Rogers was holding his breath.
He must have looked a little off, though, because Steve paused as he backed away. His brow furrowed and he asked, “Are you all right, Tony?”
“Can’t distract me, so cough it up.  Who is she?  Why aren’t you telling me?  And, seriously, what the fuck—”  Rhodey scowled at him.  “Why’d Pepper hear it first?!”
“So,” Steve said, looking up with that shy smile Tony was starting to love, “Every now and then, I’d just say, ‘Tony, may I take you out for an old fashioned date tomorrow?’ and you’d let me know if you’re in the mood?”
“Don’t torture me by making me wait,” Tony said, then pitched his voice lower to a sultry whisper. “I want your cock, Steve. Want you to hold me here and take your pleasure. Want you to own my body.”
Thank you so much to everyone who sent me kind words of support and encouragement while I struggled my way through RL and grieving, exhaustion, and stress.
Tony pulled up the patterns for Clint and Natasha’s suits. (Shit! Was there enough fabric on the bolt?)
Tony held his breath a moment, then crept closer. He was pretty sure he heard Rogers kick something, then:
“And I thought we could work on some of my data scans together,” Bruce added. “If you’re done with the Security Blanket, I mean.”
“Shit!  Tony, I’m sorry, I—“ Steve raised a hand to thump Tony on the back, then stopped himself.  Tony sputtered.
“If you were better about checking your email and Facebook, you wouldn’t miss these things,” his mother chided. Rhodey rubbed the back of his neck, looking guilty. He took his mother’s phone and blinked.
Tony scooted closer. “So . . .” he said, leaning forward, “You should know, I’m really not a good man.”
“Sure.” Tony sounded gently skeptical. Steve was about to protest when Tony gasped and said, “Oh God. I’m your first fuck. You imprinted on me—like a sad, virginal little duckling, didn’t you?”
Rogers continued quietly, staring at the blank TV screen:  “Not that it didn't happen--of course it did, but people didn't say and it was almost impossible to prove ‘beyond a reasonable doubt.’ There was no StarkSafe to give people privacy and safety.  Doms got away with it all the time.”
Tony hadn’t realized how badly he wanted Steve to take his hand until it didn’t happen. He wasn’t exactly surprised, but he realized—his heart still pounding and his mouth dry—he was disappointed.
Rogers grimaced.  “I don’t know. I don’t seem to be of much use yet in this brave new world. Everything’s so . . . I mean, I don’t—” And Rogers sounded lost and Tony remembered those first few google searches; his heart twisted with pity.  Rogers cleared his throat.  “Anyway, I keep breaking the tech they give me; so far the coffee maker is the only thing holding up to repeat use.”  Tony didn’t know what to say to that, so he just reached for his wrench.
the pizza; he'd had to remind himself that Rhodey'd been taking care of Tony long before Steve arrived on the scene and didn't need instructions. Still . . . maybe he should just drop by to make sure?
“Stop,” Bruce said softly.  “Please stop, Tony.  I—“ He gave Tony an agonized look.  “I can’t bear to disappoint you.”
His quest to learn more led him on an endless search, results from Tony bleeding into Howard, and those into weaponry -- which ultimately led him to World War II. The internet had damn near everything, but unfortunately, not all of it was good.
Slowly he filled his cup, hoping this batch would jumpstart him enough to overcome the grogginess he still felt. 2:48 AM -- that was more sleep than most nights. It would be a joke to think that meant they were getting better.
Naturally, he started with his first inquiry -- Tony Stark. The sheer number of results astounded Steve, resorting to picking and choosing which titles appealed the most, and which images seemed the most realistic (there were more than a handful of cartoons of Tony, how interesting).
“I miss the team.” He finally forced out, heavier silence settling in the air. He could already see the corners of Rhodey’s mouth dropping. “Things are different now. Not a
Steve shoved the dramatic man back by the chest, even if he was careful not to hit his reactor. “Wake up Steve.” Tony dramatically raised his voice, hands off by the time his sentence was finished. “Nobody offers guards to a man who can lift a car.”
No, none of that for the morning. Last night’s bruises proved he needed to be more awake to calibrate repulsors. Another sip had Tony stopping before the lab doors, ushering himself in to clink mug atop a workbench.
“Speak for yourself. I was first in line for crazy human experimentation.” Steve laughed again, rolling his eyes in a step away from the oddball.
“Any idea on numbers?” It felt like there was no end to them; Tony must have already killed more than a hundred, and yet he couldn’t find a visible break in the flow.
Turquoise light burned his eyes, flinching backward as a deafening roar pulled at the walls. He couldn’t see, but what sounded like thousands of pounds of rubble crumbled into the floor, destroying foundation and likely bringing the ceiling down with it --
Tony was the good in Steve’s modern life. He was the reason Steve looked forward to waking up in an otherwise foreign world. His laughs instilled happiness, his smiles warmed Steve’s soul. The soldier would listen to him talk for
Tony interrupted with a pat on the back, leading him across the street. “God, a whole month. Should’ve dragged you out here sooner.” Steve kept his eyes forward, not daring another glance at their follower. Either Tony was completely clueless, or he knew exactly what he was doing. Steve sure hoped it was the latter.
One punch came after another, falling into his bodies’ natural rhythm. The blunt impacts sparked rough sensations, teetering between discomfort and pain — something he hadn’t felt in over two months now. Before this fiasco, fighting had been Steve’s routine, his job, his
Astonished, wide eyes met Tony’s gaze, his expression dripping with defiance. It was obvious he had more than a simple test in mind -- and Steve hadn’t fought in over two months. He was playing a very dangerous game.
Ever so gently, Steve sealed a kiss to Tony’s nose, dirtied helmet gently resting on his forehead. Tony breathed softly, running his fingers along the back of Steve’s neck. He was smart; Steve adored his perception, but it didn’t make this any easier.
Steve argued. “I can save Bucky, prevent countless wrongdoings Hydra did after I disappeared.” Tony pushed air out of his chest, eyebrow raising in question.
“Like that.” Tony mirrored. “Took you long enough to ask.” He said, lightly nudging the soldier beside him, who gave a quiet snort. “You’ve only been staring at it for a month.”
“We get Bucky, and we leave.” Steve traveled down another flight, determined to find his friend -- and not die in the process. It was another reason he didn’t like Tony down here, but like
Tony simply pat Steve on the back. “Bet my refusal makes more sense every day.” The soldier nodded, oddly enjoying the simple touch. “Thanks, Cap.”
these?” Steve asked, captivated by the ethereal glow. Something told him they didn’t appreciate him touching their equipment, but Steve had positively never seen anything
Tony scoffed, the beginnings of blood dripping off his brow, so conveniently obstructing his view. Another alien seemed to take the split second advantage, its intentions clear a second too late. Their armored claws extended, scraping down metal until they snagged a groove, roughly yanking Tony out of the air with a yelp. These things were a damn nuisance, but it was nothing a rough spin couldn’t solve, delighted to see centripetal force do its job and release the flightless Chitauri’s grip. Hello one-way ticket.
of that. Steve had lost a piece of home when Bucky deployed; working together mended that pain. Bucky would have done anything for Steve; Steve would have done anything for
“Superheat the armor--” The flashing lights illuminating the right half of his screen told Tony both jets on that side were gone -- replacing them hurriedly to try and keep himself fully armored. “--scratch that. Prepare for one hell of a landing.”
His hand ran slowly through hair, tugging the ends lightly. “Bring up Mark IV of Rhodey’s leg braces.”
That break had come at a good time -- hadn’t it? He really thought the accords would set everything right -- bring everybody together again; arguably not in the same way, but
“Yeah--got that.” Nanites rolled down armored shoulders, forming custom missiles to obliterate the fast encroaching Chitauri. From the left came unexpected energy blasts, knocking the suit of its regular course with a punctuated grunt inside the armor. “Were you waiting until
“You don’t have to be.” Tony said, lightly rolling a blueberry between two fingers. “You have a choice. Nobody’s stuffing you back into the good ‘ole days.” Steve raised an eyebrow, half tempted to steal the blueberry from Tony for payback. “Ever think of that?”
Steve hurried past it, hoping rubble would eventually disperse the weapons’ chaos -- but too weary to attempt it himself. His flashlight ran across every corner, every inch of slab concrete floor as the area pulsed blue. Not a single inch would go uncovered before Steve assumed the worst. Bucky
Thankfully, Tony took the bait. “Isolated the anomaly. We’re dealing space-time and just about every other quantum theory.” Tony knew that meant absolutely nothing to Steve, so he continued. “Long story short -- it’ll be awhile. What Zemo did was on complete accident. Recreating that accident could take months -- years.”
It came as an order this time, sparking Steve’s compliance. They rolled until Tony laid flush on the mat, eager brown eyes and messy chocolate locks greeting Steve. His chest heaved, forehead beaded with sweat from their sparring, but a different scenario briefed Steve’s mind, the kind that brought people shame.
He might have lingered on some pictures longer than others, admiring how photogenic Tony was. He supposed he
Tony gripped both railing and shield, eyes watching the crumbling bunker for one last agonizing moment.
The only bright side to the empty spot beside him was these nightmares affected him, and him alone. No second person worriedly disrupting their sleep, all because of a bad dream that jolted Tony awake. He knew it was one of the many problems of he and Pepper’s relationship.
“Because civil rights and cultural norms would’ve stopped you.” Steve’s cheeks tinted, thinking Tony had given him
“You don’t owe them a thing, Tony.” His voice was firm but soft, refusing to break contact with brown eyes. “They made their choice.”
argument, they could be guards,” He speculated, startled by the exaggerated laugh behind him. Plastic hit countertop, and Tony rounded the island corner, hands lightly cupping both of Steve’s cheeks.
The door shut with an echo, lights dimly illuminating the small space. Steve slowly stepped forward, eyes glossing over three large, black boxes that hung flush to the wall, just above a table. “What is this?” His tone remained firm, expectant of an answer as both ushered themselves forward.
His eyes searched inside Tony’s. “I hope you’re not trying to tell me it’s not possible.” He’d said it was before, and again -- he couldn’t be lying to him now, not after a month. And to Steve’s relief, Tony shook his head, eyes tiredly crinkling.
“Yeah,” Tony cocked an eyebrow his way. “It’s leather and sand. I’ll get over it.” His entire voice bled amusement and while relieved, Steve couldn’t say he was surprised. “I can count on one hand the things you’ve broken so far. For a super soldier, I’d say that’s good.”
wasn’t it? After all, he’d even witnessed Howard Stark furrow his brows at the mention of something so fictitious.
Steve called again. “Bucky!” The thought of being too late twisted Steve’s gut, burned his throat, made him want to scream--
He kept his firm hold until a soft pained noise squeaked out from Tony’s lips, quickly apologizing with a softer touch. “What a grip.” He laughed softly, flexing fingers in Steve’s looser grip to rid the ache. “One last thing,” Tony began, leaving Steve wondering what else he could possibly ask of him.
“I’d say you lucked out with that phone call -- but something tells us that was no coincidence.” Coulson began, sliding shades into his breast pocket. Steve followed -- he felt more
when the Howling Commandos had pursued them; just how long had this facility been under their control?
“Come get lunch with me. You need to get out of this place.” Rhodey was sure it only harbored bad memories.
Steve was barely on his feet, scrambling to change clothing. “Tony!” He barked, throwing clothes and shoes aside in a mad dash to pull his uniform on and
Steve scoffed, because really, he was right. “You’ve done so much for me, and all I seem to do is break things.”
A faint smile could be heard in her voice. “We’re on good terms.” She answered, which only made Steve’s confusion
They talked on the way, while they waited for their food (Steve had taken a little long to decide what he wanted; their menus were
the air shift as concrete the size of a car crumbled into oblivion. It was him versus gravity, leaping over crumbled remains, dodging falling debris, and racing for thick steel doors as the hallway behind him ceased to exist.
Steve playfully shoved Tony back when he came in to most likely repeat the process. “If you think they’re so hellbent on weaponizing what Zemo accidentally had, why don’t you stop them?” He turned to face Tony, who had already meandered his way back for the blueberries, popping them a handful at a time.
Just when Steve thought it couldn’t get worse, a loud rumble stalled their movements, dim flashlights aimed down the direction it had come from. A blessing in disguise maybe -- but Steve took it nonetheless, lowering his shield.
Quietly he nodded. “Stay out of sight.” He replied, feeling the weight of warm fingers leave his glove. Tony stepped into the opposite corner and turned off the light, leaving both in pitch black -- though Steve was sure the genius could still see through his glasses.
The table groaned, unaware how tightly his fingers gripped the table. No. This was a mistake. Frantically he searched through the files, hoping something,
Before Tony even had a chance to add on to his explanation, Steve’s hand clasped Tony’s, squeezing it tighter than he probably should have. “Thank you, Tony.” His voice cracked, unable to fathom what possessed this man, this superficially
A finger jabbed its way in Steve’s direction, the other hand occupied with pulling out a container of blueberries. “That’s what they want.” His hip bumped the fridge shut, dropping the container beside Steve with a soft pop of hinges. Steve reluctantly took a few, giving Tony the time to explain. “SHIELD? Helping someone without personal gain?” Tony scoffed. “Doesn’t happen. They have a MO.”
Steve finally settled on words. “I should find that tape.” The sooner he did, the quicker he could shower and start his day.
Steve gawked at the man beneath him, who did nothing more than cock an eyebrow inquisitively. No odd circumstances here, straddling was a
Steve swallowed, eyes lowering to the book still secured inside his pocket. The only thing to his name after a month in the future, and Tony had given it to him.
As his first month in the future approached, Steve was confident he was better prepared in this era than when he had stumbled out of the abandoned bunker.
the radar because our history presumes you dead, winding up in this same timeline.” Steve watched Tony lay down a fry, and then another directly in front of it, creating a straight line, “Or--maybe you go back, interject however you please, and whatever 2019
“Yeah. In Nineteen-sixty something. Tell me, who of those bunch are still alive?” Steve frowned, watching Tony pop a handful into his mouth. “That’s right -- none. Agendas change when power shifts.”
“It’s a nice place.” He complimented, eyes briefly looking across the large, open expanse. “Little big for one guy, though.” He laughed, scooping another handful of berries. “You ever get lonely?” It was an honest question. Tony never mentioned a girlfriend, or family other than his father. Hell, Rhodey was the only person Steve knew that even talked to Tony besides himself, SHIELD excluded.
Tony pulled himself to his feet, fingers dragging through hair while taking the first step up. “Really thought he’d make it.” The words barely formed a tone, inaudible over the roar of powerful engines.
Tony could barely see Steve’s skin color through the grime, but boy did his blue, perfect eyes speak volumes.
Tony only snorted, stealing a berry right from Steve’s palm, popping it into his mouth before a word could be said against his crimes. “I
and even during. It left both with a cold burger, but Steve was enjoying the conversation too much to care.
The flashlight’s beam caught fingertips. He almost passed it off as another severed limb, but the pulse hugged an entire figure. It was too dark to distinguish until Steve’s light cast over the body, left arm missing and more bruises than skin.
Not here? That wasn’t reassuring, distracting him from blocking blunt claws scraping across his reactor. “Cap, I could use some ground support.” He tried again, blood running cold as he watched the sky blacken with Chitauri soldiers.
“I hear you’re an artist.” Steve was alone with Tony today, given time to discuss details that might further their study. He figured SHIELD recorded their session anyway, but one-on-one conversations felt much more natural, even if Tony’s were always a little out of the norm.
“My god.” His legs carried him downstairs faster than he could process, bolting across the field towards the dirtied, bleeding soldier and the limp figure.
Finally Steve sighed, long and dramatic, unseized hand raising in defeat. “Skeptic-no-more.” He promised, granted the release of his hand and the reward of delicious, ripe blueberries.
He didn’t budge. “Then we should hurry. Double time Rogers.” Steve groaned as Tony waved him forward, leaving the soldier no choice but to follow. Working with Tony was infinitely different than the commandos. Much more stubborn and sassy where his tactical skill was lacking.
They were close. He knew, because each turn held more agents than the last. And each time, Steve would tighten his shield and get to work. No amount of manpower would keep him from denting their plan, and
Steve held the hug as long as he could bear, hyper-aware of each passing second. “I’ll be back.” He promised, not truly convinced himself, but like hell he’d tell Tony that. Steve loosened their hug after one last squeeze, blue eyes falling on dark, beautiful ones that glazed over with emotions beyond words. He caressed that sharp, prominent jaw he adored so much in a soft, final kiss, memorizing the curves of warm lips, the almost metallic taste, the way it dragged a low, soothing rumble from Tony’s throat. Steve wanted nothing more than to help them to their feet and head home in time for a lazy cooked dinner…
He scoured the internet for three weeks, learning more, seeing more, and finally realizing just how much the world really
A few hard blinks reoriented himself -- forcing him to realize he was home, in bed, no invasion to speak of.
God, why was it so easy to hear Steve’s voice? It’d been nearly two years. Lack of sleep never helped the hallucinations. But the voice. The
The words were an electrical shock, springing both upright off the mat. Steve’s heart twisted, eyes locking together as they spoke in dumbfounded tandem.
Dirtied fingers dragged through chocolate hair, nervously bouncing his knee atop the jet staircase, vibranium singing the vibrations back. The debris billowing out of the bunker had forced him and the SHIELD survivors further out, leaving Tony’s stomach in knots.
Carol just hugged Rhodey and Tony smiled and announced he was off for the night. Tomorrow will be better for sure. Where as Steve did not like the idea of Stephen who was this guy and why was he preparing a room here did he stay here a lot with Tony. Steve did not feel like meeting this guy but he knew he had just gotten a piece of tony back and he would hold on to it as a dying man hold on to hope.
Tony removed the cloth covering all the equipment beneath. There were new guns and widow bites for Nat, stretchy pants for Bruce, Sam's new wings, Peter's updated suit and Steve's shield. Everyone had a smile on their faces Steve however just stared at his shield.
Neither of them said anything and head to bed. Tony knew tomorrow will be big Steve was coming back and he had to stay away that is why he agreed to stay in the mansion. The less he will see him the less it will hurt. Why did he still love him he did not know. But he knew he had to stay away.
"I have spoken to Hank and Hope. We are finalising the paperwork and soon you can be with them. Dont worry they are fine I have kept an eye on them and Hope is fine as well" Tony replied.
"Shut up shellhead and go to bed, I am not leaving till you sleep and baby spider wants to know that you slept or else he will hang on your ceiling to make sure"
"I know Tony but if we tire ourselves out like this we cant find anything and we would not be able to work at our full capacity. We need to take a break and in the meanwhile Friday will keep searching" Steve replied. "Sure boss" Friday replied. "Steve, why don't you understand all these people are hitman and their boss have covered their tracks really well. Whoever they are they know how we work and are probably working through a paper trail. The video Wanda found clearly shows that the guy had a paper and he burnt it. So you see if we don't find them we are at a dead fucking end so dont tell me what to do. There are people I care about and I just wont leave them behind!" Tony shouted and as soon as he completed his sentence Steve just nodded and made an excuse about going to storage room for more information. Tony regretted it as soon as he finished he did not mean that and before he could stop Steve he left.
"Well I look out for anything that posses a threat to him or would hurt him" Strange replied and Steve stood up from the sofa and Nat just rolled her eyes while Bruce had wide eyes and Sam was just observing.
"Bucky listen to me you cant blame yourself for something you have no control over. You tried your best and you did great as well" Steve replied.
Tony somehow related himself to her they both were left by the people they love but Clint did not put a arrow in her heart. " I am okay I think, I have to go Laura I will see you tomorrow. Take care" "Friday whats the time?"
"Well I was planning to chill on your couch any way so yeah cool now I will have better place to chill and sleep"
"Well Bucky and Sam made me watch movie with them and Cooper is speaking to Mr Barton again" Peter replied smiling. Tony was happy, this was progress. He realised it must be the scare the kid went through after knowing about him.
"Why so extreme Love. Calm down" He kissed heer on her cheek and she just smiled. Tony explained everything.
Tony and Steve were lying in each others arms. Tony's head was placed on Steve's chest and Steve's fingers were moving up and down Tony's back. He knew Steve was in deep thought and maybe they were thinking about the same thing but Tony was sure this was too early to think like this he trusted Steve but he really did not want to ask him. But Tony being Tony he knew if this thing would bother Steve he wont say it and this will create a rift between them.
"I couldnt call you because I was ashamed of my action Tony and I thought you wouldn't want to take me back. The thought of you not wanting me-I just couldn't do it. Guess I was a coward for not staying and talking to you" Steve said.
The sun was too bright today, Tony thought. Friday usually darkens the windows when he is sleeping why was sun so bright and where was this warmth coming from. He could feel arms wrapped around him and his pillow was breathing?. Something was not right he thought and opened his eyes. As soon as he opened his eyes he tried to got up but the arms around him were tight. He remembered last night. He looked at Steve who was still sleeping. This gave enough time to Tony to stare at his beautiful face. How much Tony had missed waking up like this, wrapped in Steve's arms. He was looking at Steve's face when he opened his baby blue eyes.
"I thought I would bring you up here and we can have just a quiet meal and maybe talk later if you want. If you dont like it I mean we can-" Steve was rambling and Tony just smiled at him.
"I know you were worried about me kid but I told you I wont leave you that easily you are stuck with me. It wasn't Steve's fault you know Ross screwed everything up. You know he fought his friend for me. He is not that bad. Give him a chance please?" Tony had said softly.
It had been almost a month since Tony's heart attack and there kiss. Steve had been there everyday. He ate whatever Tony was eating, when Tony got cleared by Bruce to work in his lab Steve dropped by every 3 hours either with a snack or just checking up on Tony. He never came inside respecting Tony's personal space. Steve knew whatever happens Tony's lab is his space where he finds comfort and Steve did not wan to take away that. Neither he nor Tony spoke about the kiss but he knew Tony asked him to wait so he will wait.
"I know Pete but not inside the tower and went after Peter" Steve just stood there when Nat gave him a look to take the shield but he just walked away. He couldn't tell them how he would feel if he picked that shield again. That thing almost killed Tony and Steve could not bear to touch it. He did not want to bring this topic up with anyone.
"Well we did not almost die Tony you did follow the diet or we will take you back" Rhodey replied. He had dealt with this a long time ago.
"Tony you already do so much for the kids please do not spoil them anymore. How are you holding up I mean I know its not my business but just wanted to check on you"
When Tony entered Peter's room he saw Steve running a hand through Peter's hair and Sam sitting on the chair. He looked at the sight and thought if Steve didn't leave they probably would have adopted a kid and they, he stopped right there he did not want to think about what could have happened anymore. It still hurt sometimes. Right now his main focus was keeping Peter safe. Steve saw him and gently moved out of the bed. Peter was in deep sleep. He placed a kiss on his forehead and they all left instructing Friday to alert them.
"Its okay James. I understand it wasnt your fault. You have suffered the most and I cant even think what you went through. I am sorry as well" Tony replied getting one more thing off his chest.
"Thank you Tony it means a lot I know we did not have the best start I mean I-" Scott was interrupted by Tony
"You look great Tony" Steve said. Steve was nervous and he just wanted this night to go well and Tony looked so beautiful. Tony cleared his throat.
"Is this way of you asking me out on date? because you know I would say yes" Steve said walking towards there room. He havent been in here in a long time.
"Tony does not hate you. He didnt even hate you when you left him behind. You just broke his heart Steve. He died on the operation table twice that day when I got him back. He almost died when Happy and Pepper found him. He hated himself but never once he hated you. I told him you were a mistake and you know what the genius said he told me you were the best mistake he ha made. He knew where you were and he protected you. I hated you for destroying my best friends life but I knew he would never hate you. He will live okay? a very long life" Carol said and got up.
"Me too Steve me too. I like the idea about starting over. Hi I am Tony Stark. The genius, billionaire, playboy and philanthropist" Tony said smiling. Steve was confused for a second but he picked up what was going on.
Everyone started to scatter and Steve held Tony's hand stopping him. Steve moved forward and wrapped his arms around Tony "Are you okay?" He whispered in Tony's hair. Tony tried to nod but Steve knew how he was feeling. "I promise I will try my best Tony to protect our family" Steve replied and kissed Tony before they all went to dig up some information.
It has been a month, Steve smiled. They had fallen in to a routine.When Tony announced they were back together, Steve was nervous as he knew that not everyone wanted him to be with Tony but he was surprised when Carol had laughed and told Rhodey that he lost the bet. Peter had came around as well. He use to live with them on the weekends. It was like Tony had adopted the boy and Steve loved to see how they both get along and spent hours in the lab. Clint and Scott were back as well. They were allowed back as the matter with Ross had been dealt with. Steve missed Bucky sometimes but he knew that it was for the best. They went to other missions after that but he knew Tony was not happy about the shield he wanted Steve to carry an equipment and they fought over it twice but Steve made it up to Tony in the bedroom.
Steve went into the storage room and sat on the stool there with his head in his hands. The whole Siberia incident flashed in front of his eyes and Tony was probably right he should have not tried to stop him. He was scared as well and he knew whoever wanted Tony had to go through him. Steve felt like a failure maybe he had failed to show Tony how much he loved him maybe Tony and him can never go back to how they were before. He just wanted Tony to look after himself and he knew the other were tired as well. He was trying to help and he made matter worse. He was probably being a baby and he should get it together like a soldier but whenever Tony was involved he just couldn't keep it together.
"I think I will go and work in my Lab, I need to upgrade the tools for everyone anyway. Once they are back they will need those things. Also, I need to design some stuff for SI or pepper will kill me. so yeah. Tony said getting up from the bed.Nat wanted to argue but she knew she did not want to push him. The haunted look in his eyes when he woke up was enough. Nat and Vision were behind to stop him but Tony beat them
"No I dont want to be there" Steve interrupted him. He trusted Tony and he knew Tony could protect himself. Tony just stood there shocked. Steve had almost fought him because he wanted to be there and now he is saying no what is wrong with this guy.
"You can take Nathaniel to my floor. You know the place around" Tony offered. The kids use to come and stay with him some times and he had rooms reserved for them.
"Tony I can eat normal food stop trying to make me eat this soup" Rhodey said for the third time and rolled his eyes. Vision and Wanda were enjoying the whole scenario while Bruce was setting up equipment already. "Not fair Rhodey bear I always have to eat this shit so this means I get to feed you this as well" Tony tried again. "Leave him alone Edward" Carol said and took the food away from Tony's hand. "You okay?" Rhodey asked and she just smiled and nodded. "Friday has prepared your floor guys and Helen is an hour away do you want to rest Carol"Tony asked. "We can stay here with Rhodey" Wanda said and Carol smiled at her probably for the first time ever. "Thank you Wanda, but I just want to be with James" She replied and ran a hand on Rhodey's face. "You guys go and rest I will inform you once the procedure is done. Rhodey needs to sleep as well" Bruce informed them and Tony resisted in the end Carol kicked him out.
"You left me to die and now you want me not to die? what the hell Cap make up your mind. Well I have made up my mind you want my forgiveness you have it. No I dont love you and you can fuck off" Tony replied with an anger. This anger was buried in him deep inside and all the wounds were opening up.
Tony noticed that the guy just wanted to be with his family. The arm was complete after 2 more hours and it was 7 pm. He could take everyone to the mansion but he knew it was date night for Carol and Rhodey. Though they will be back and they will have there game night he did not want to go and wait for them. He walked into the lounge to see Cooper and Peter talking about some project. Lila was playing with Clint while Nat, Bruce and Laura were busy talking. Scott and Sam were still trying to teach Bucky something he rolled his eyes as Bucky was not getting anything these idiots were explaining. His eyes naturally searched for Steve and he just stood in the balcony aloe starring at the world. Tony wanted to go and console him but the flashback of shield hitting him hit is eyes and he stopped where he was.
"Hey Nat calm down its daddy" Laura had seen enough and just took him back from Clint and calmed Nathaniel down.
"Dont your dare think this is your fault Barnes because its not okay? It is Ross's fault you were innocent. He did this for his gain so listen to me it is not your fault. You did your best" Tony said. He felt so bad that he couldn't even comfort the guy.
"Lets go guys and eat up" Tony said with a smile. He was home with his family. His heart still ached because it was missing something but for now he was okay. All important people were here.
"My name is Carol Denvers and I work with the Avengers. I went to MIT as well with Tony and Rhodey. Anything else?"
"Bruce your stretchy pants for you as these are more comfortable I updated the cloth" Tony said giving him the pants. Bruce took the pants and just side hugged him.
"I am fine Cap just wanted to talk to you. Why dont you shower and come back here I will be waiting. Make sure you wash your knuckles" Tony had replied. Steve went down and had the quickest shower and changed. He was sure that Tony wants to kick him out or probably send him back to Wakanda with Bucky. He knew Tony wanted him to stay but he might have changed his mind. Steve knocked at Tony's door.
Steve took the tags with him and went on a run the longest run of his life it was raining and the weather was dark just like his life he thought but he knew he will get Tony back. He will make him fall in love with him. He just prayed he would come back from the mansion.
Vision knew about his nightmare and PTSD and how he felt secure when people he trusted were near him at leat this will help him sleep well.
"Mum?" Cooper voice came. Tony closed his eyes he did not want him to see this. Clint was ashamed as well the last thing he wanted was his son to see him like this.
"Well Tony and I record all our meetings with you Ross so we have the whole tape because we know what kind of Jerk you are. Ross had blackmailed Tony that either they bring Bruce and Barnes for the Trial or he would release the video of Winter Soldier killing his parents as well as the fight between them. He also threatened to arrest some of us" Nat had informed all the members and they looked confused.
"This lie would be much more believable if you weren't lying in a hospital bed. Tony promise me you will tell me whatever is wrong we cant lose you" Nat whispered. Tony just nodded and held out his other hand to hold Nat's hand for a moment.
"No you left me and Uncle Tony looked after me you know what I went through in school how everyone made fun of me because of you. We always came second to your work" Cooper said and went towards the lift.
"Lets all gather in the common room" He didnt even look at Steve and just turned and went in. Steve just stood there hoping for one look but Tony didnt even look at him his glasses were too dark to even see his eyes and Steve just wanted to look at those once.
"Right, so how could you help Wanda" Steve asked. Tony gave Steve a look. He did not understand why Steve was being like this. Nat and Carol were enjoying the show. Strange moved towards Steve.
"Tony my love. You are up what do you want? should I call the doctor? Should I get someone else?" Steve started to panic what if him being here made Tony worse.
"Are you guys having a party or what?" Tony interrupted walking in. Obviously all eyes are suppose to be on him he is Tony Stark.
"Calm down jeez stop taking everything to seriously I just said friends and you and Rhodey are my person you know so chill nothing to worry" Tony replied.
"Peter?" Tony went in and saw Peter looking up to him as soon as he called his name. His eyes looked red.
"Umm I mean its okay if you dont want to I-" Steve started nervously. He just prayed that he did not lose all the progress with Tony. He was interrupted by Tony.
Tony stared at him for a minute and he knew how annoyed he was when Steve used to go Nat or Sam to talk about stuff. "I am sorry Steve, I asked Friday to call you but you were in the shower and that is why she notified Stephen. I know how you feel and I will try to work on it. Give your fella another chance?" Tony replied with a lopsided smile. Steve could never say no to Tony when he was smiling like that and he just pulled him to kiss him slowly. They pulled apart and stayed like that for a minute before Friday informed them that everyone was waiting.
"Well she likes you too much and if she tries just hide behind Rhodey and he will handle it" Tony said walking away.
They reached the mansion. Tony got out and Carol and Peter behind him. As soon as he opened the door.
"How about we place the order for food first and Friday will order when the movie is about to finish" Everyone nodded and placed there orders. Meanwhile Laura, Peter, Cooper, Nat and Bruce entered from the kitchen with bowls of popcorns. Peter handed one to Steve.
"You have to let this go. I will not ask you about shield ever again if you dont want me too but you have to try to stop hurting and move on because if we keep stuck on the same day we would never be able to build a future together" Tony continued and Steve just stared at him. Next thing Tony knows that Steve is kissing him and the kisses are so soft that Tony feels like he is high or he is drunk. Steve does not stop kissing him. He lifts Tony up in his lap without breaking the kiss. Steve has waited so long for this. The minute Tony about their future Steve lost it. Tony pulls back and their foreheads are touching. They are breathing hard and Tony is not sure what just happened.
"Take care Doc" Nat said smiling at Stephen. Bruce hugged the man, Rhodey, Peter and Carol did the same.
Bruce took a long deep breath, then said, “Sorry. Sorry, Tony. I shouldn’t have . . . I’m sorry,” and began deep breathing exercises, face turned away.
“Look at you, bent over, bound up,” Tony said.  He eased his finger in and out, torturously slowly.  “Look at you, clenching around my finger for me.  So tight, baby.”
After standing in the doorway watching Steve sleep for a few minutes (not like a creepy stalker at all), Tony stepped inside and toed off his shoes.  He stripped down to his boxers and t-shirt, leaving his Armani in a messy pile on the floor.   He shut the door very quietly and crept to Steve’s bed, finding his way by the faint light of the arc reactor through his t-shirt.  He paused.
Bruce smiled. “Why should I when you’re willing to do it yourself?” He shook his head. “I’m just happy for you, Tony. You and Steve both.”
“Now? When I’ve only just gotten you all to myself?” Belford said, his tone teasing and flirtatious. “That sounds like a terrible idea.”
Up in the kitchen, Steve was putting the final touches on a tray: sushi nicely arranged on a plate, bowls of rice and miso soup off to the side, with a beer and even a little pot of tea.
. . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
, Tony wanted it. He wanted the thick, hard weight of Steve’s cock stretching his mouth open, the wet heat of it moving in and out, Steve’s fingers in his hair, hand on his neck holding him in place, as he took Tony’s mouth. . . Or maybe he’d hold back, just watch Tony suck him and make Tony work for it . . .
Pepper let out a little chuckle.  (Yeah, joking is okay.  Pepper likes joking around.  Not that we’re actually friends, but we’re sort of
“She’s great,” Jackie said coating his hands in scented oils and beginning Tony’s massage. “My darling dyke*
“Pretty sure you’re doing all the work,” Steve said, glancing down at his feet again as they spun. He promptly over-compensated.
equal.  I’m a liberationist—I believe in fundamental orientational equality, but that’s not a reality in the world we live in.”  Rogers gave an acknowledging nod.  Relieved, Tony continued, “There’s a hierarchy and subs are at the bottom.  In the dirty real world, pulling out a chair isn’t just pulling out a chair; it’s a reminder that I’m the weaker orientation. Those little gestures reinforce the idea that you’re the one with power and authority-- I’m your subordinate, designed for romance, fucking, and not much else.”
“Fair enough.” Tony gave a little nod and a shrug.   Rogers looked pensive, staring at his coffee with unfocused eyes, and Tony wasn’t sure what else to say. He hadn’t been planning to have this conversation yet. (Especially after he’d gotten caught admiring his marks in the fucking living room . . .) Tony got up and turned away to refill his coffee cup.
Tony turned to him with tired eyes and a hesitant (or sad?) little smile. Tony took a breath, as if to say something, then just sighed. He reached up to caress Steve's cheek lightly with his knuckles, but it looked slow and clumsy, as if just lifting his arm required all his strength. (Tony needs rest! Get moving, Rogers.)
“Don’t give me that!  Just gonna check you over, buddy.”  Tony grabbed the oil can.  “Come on.  Oil?”
“JARVIS,” Tony said, “Take me to Cap’s floor. And let him know he’s got company on the way.” Tony inhaled some more of his coffee.
Steve shrugged again, but Tony must have been visibly skeptical, since he added, “For God’s sake, Tony, I’ve
.  I’d imagine that taking him on a date is a little like trying to get him a birthday present.  I mean, he can buy himself anything money can buy.”
“Oh,” he said with a little frown. “That’s a good point. I probably don’t get back in time to cook a goose anyway.”
Tony knelt behind him, running his hands along Steve’s neck, shoulders, back, and then Tony left little kisses where his hands had been, murmuring, “You’re so good, Steve. . .  Baby, you’re so good for me  . . .”
“Wait, Steve.  Honey, hang on.”  (Shit, shit, shit.  Way to sound like a crazy date rapist who doesn’t understand consent, Tony.)  “Yeah, no and stop should always be respected.  For sure.  With you a hundred perfect.  None of that ‘no means yes’ bullshit.  Unless you’ve set it up beforehand for role play or something.  Or you want to push your limits or—oh, I don’t know.  We may never do any of that and if we do we’ll be talking about it a lot first, but I—“
“It—”  Tony was having trouble getting the words out.  All of a sudden he was terribly thirsty, but he would have to let go of Steve to reach the water and that wasn’t an option.   He licked his lips and tried again.  “It’s all right, sweetheart,” Tony whispered, his voice rough and his eyes prickling.  (Pathetic.  Nothing’s happened to
“I’ve got a bunch of devices I started on, but without the full data, who knows,” Tony said as they flew. “We’ll have to rework it on the fly.”
.  I’m trying.)  Pepper was looking more and more worried.  (Really, Steve’s so brave and honest and just
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Steve wasn’t showing any overt signs of distress anymore, not like he had been. Now he looked self-conscious.
Fury nodded.  “Full press conference. No behind-the-scenes consulting.  You’d be on both the science division with Doctor Banner and a first responder-- a combat position on the front lines.”
Hugs to all of you!  Many many thanks to my devoted beta and generous cheer leaders.  Love you folks!
“Ready for part two?”  (Please!)  “Yeah, good.  You’ll like this part.  Bet you’d beg for it if I asked you to.”  Tony leaned back to rest on his heels.  “But you don’t have to.  Not now.  Now you can have my cock.  You want it, don’t you?”
Tony’s surprise must have shown since Steve added with some pique, “They’ve got no right! As if my personal relationships have any bearing on my ability to serve my country.  And then Hill!  Hill gave me an earful about how I shouldn’t be selfish, how I should think of you—that I might be damaging your reputation--“
“Not really, no,” Tony said with a snort, “but, whatever.  Semantics.”  Tony waved it off.  “But, you weren’t wrong.  I am single.  Pepper isn’t my Domme-- we’re just friends. I don’t have a Dom.”   Tony refrained from adding, “and that’s the way I like it!”
. But it doesn’t matter.” Bruce shook his head. “She’s better off staying clear. She shouldn’t be so trusting.”
“I mean,” Steve went on, “nobody was gonna care how I presented. There was no Howard. And if I’dda been a sub, it wouldn’t have been a surprise—we always figured I’d be inverted.”
“You’re perfect,” Steve whispered and kissed Tony tenderly and gently. “So pretty when you come. So beautiful, sweetheart.”
“This one’s actually addressed to both of us,” he said, handing an envelope to Tony. In it was a letter written in alternating hands of blue and orange colored pencil telling them that Thomas was seven-and-a-half and when he grew up he was either going to be a Captain or a veterinarian. Jamila was ten and would be a famous engineer—she’d won first prize at the county science fair TWICE. There was also a joint self-portrait of them as Captain America and Iron (WO)Man drawn in colored pencils, along with a photograph of them in their homemade Halloween costumes (big grins, missing teeth), enclosed by Mr. and Mrs. Mohammed.
