Lying back on the bed, Dean opened his arms to Castiel who joined him, setting his bound arm across Dean’s chest as he leaned against his side.  Dean brought the bag of ice to rest on top of Castiel’s wrist and softly rubbed his back.
“’Kay, Cas, that’s with no lube or spit or anything.  If I keep doing that, it’ll be rough in a bad way, too dry.  Feel the difference the lube makes.”
“Um... okay. Let me think.”  Sam felt a little lost, everything about what he had done was terrible.  It was hard to pinpoint what aspects might be potentially destructive to Castiel if he encountered them again.  It was also difficult to admit the details to Dean and Sam contemplated writing a list instead, but his brother wasn’t shying away from the troublesome topic and he was acting in Castiel’s best interests.  Sam tried to sound casual as he listed possible triggers.
Normally, Dean would’ve wanted to take his time, teasing Cas a bit and leisurely getting to the good part, but the boy had a ball to get to.  So Dean hollowed his cheeks, sucking Cas and loving how solid he was on his tongue.
Ranting verbal abuse morphed into angry outbursts that ended in blows.  It didn’t take long for the sporadic beatings to become institutionalized violence, with Dean assuming the blame and the position as John laid into him with his belt. And Dean just took it, making excuses for his father and thinking he deserved what he got.  Dean had always been what his father demanded of him, following orders without question and accepting punishment for the slightest infraction.
This was definitely true. So Sam did as Dean asked and then joined him by the bed. He realized this would give him an opportunity to mess with Castiel again, which could be amusing.
“No sign of him up there,” Dean grumbled, blowing past his brother to the back door.  “I’m gonna seach the yard and the garage.  You call me the second he gets back here.”
The angel took off and Dean was a little shocked that Bobby and Sam were suspicious of Castiel’s possible mistake.  Dean tried to defend him.  It was Castiel after all, he was on their side.
Glancing up at Sam, Dean saw his brother watching him hesitantly, waiting for a reaction.  Dean wasn’t sure what to say, so he took another swig of beer and considered.  Even though he hadn’t wanted his brother to remember the things he had done, it had mainly been because he didn’t want the wall in his mind getting screwed up, but that was a moot point now.  Cas had seen to that.
Dean was being a true professional.  He had peeled Castiel’s pants and boxers off with perfunctory precision and instructed him to step out and then into the new boxers.  After a quick wipe with the wet towel to get the last of the blood he had missed, he had pulled the boxers up in one quick motion.
Emboldened by Castiel’s lack of movement, Dean resumed his efforts, playing with himself as he watched his finger move in and out of that tight hole.  Crooking it upwards, Dean tried to stretch Castiel, slowly dragging out past the knuckle and pressing back in.  Amazed at his good fortune and determined to have more of his roommate, Dean brought a second digit to join the first.  Rubbing at Castiel’s slick entrance and watching his fingers slip inside had Dean biting back a moan.  It was so fucking tight and Dean took his time, gradually forcing them both deeper into the heat.
“I don’t know what happened, Dean.  I didn’t do anything!  I was just sitting here,” Sam said, nervously dragging his hands through his hair.
Dean had taken to sleeping in just his boxers which seemed to please Castiel, if his constant touching of Dean’s chest, arms, back and stomach was anything to go by.  The touches were titillating to Dean, but he could tell that Castiel wasn’t seeking anything more. The angel just seemed to be exploring and getting comfortable with Dean, meticulously mapping his fingers across Dean’s skin.  Evidently Castiel didn’t know how teasing his attention was, but Dean made a mental note to pay him back later, once the angel was unopposed to sleeping in only boxers.
He wakes up in bed. Which okay. A pretty standard place to wake up.  Instead of a hard-on he has a head ache. And Cas is still there, sitting on the edge of the bed and fussing over him.
“Hey.” Dean sounded unusually pleasant for the morning and Sam realized he must have been up and drinking coffee for a while to be so far along in cooking.
After a minute, Castiel eased himself out of Dean and the hunter promptly rolled around to kiss Castiel’s face and lips and cup his cheek.
Dean was flagging down the waitress for more coffee, while Castiel made an effort to drink some water.
“I just made you breakfast, jerk,” Sam feigned offense. Dean shook his head, walking out of the kitchen.
It wasn’t very crowded inside and a tired waitress tried to lead him to a table, but Castiel shook his head.
He had two of Bobby’s books with him, so Castiel sat at the table and continued the one he had already started.  It was a more recently published book about the Ptolemaic Kingdom.  Castiel found himself marveling again at humanity and their diligent record keeping and dedication to the preservation of knowledge, still researching and writing books with new insight into events that occurred 2000 years prior.  Humans were so industrious.
Sam looked down, feeling ashamed.  He hadn’t wanted to mention that last one.  He could sense that Dean was finally looking at him again and he forced himself to meet his eyes, trying to convey his immense regret.  As Dean fiercely evaluated Sam, his jaw working furiously, Sam wondered if Dean was going to yell at him.  Instead, his brother fought for control and settled for responding angrily, his voice resigned and low with hostility.
“It sounds like a good idea,” Castiel said and he gave Sam a tiny smile before looking back at Dean.
Dean’s first instinct was to storm out of the lake, but as he stood there, soaked and dripping, he couldn’t help but notice how dry Castiel was by comparison.  That didn’t seem fair.  He had just thought it might be good to introduce Castiel to new things.  This could count.  Dean laid a hand on Castiel’s shoulder, slightly pushing him as he swept his leg out from under him.  The angel toppled backwards, grabbing at Dean’s arm as he went and pulling him down as well.
In the end, the three Winchesters talked, though Sam had the most to say in defense of his older brother.  They tentatively decided to continue hunting together, but that only lasted a handful of days before John left.
Castiel had followed Dean inside and he came to a stop next to him.  It seemed like Castiel was fairly at ease, but he was standing so close to him that Dean raised a hand to breifly touch the small of Castiel’s back to encourage him.
“I don’t have to stay. Or I could wait in the car,” Castiel offered, somberly and Sam smiled, certain that would shut Dean up.  It did.
“Good. Now, don’t you think Dean would love fucking your tight little asshole?” Sam waited for an answer, letting go of Castiel’s head and picking up the knife again.
“You don’t think he’s in there somewhere? That we might be able to reach him?  Hell, maybe he needs an apology, Dean.”
“I need you to lie still.” Sam turned to the side to look back at Castiel’s legs and stabbed the blade into the side of the angel’s thigh, leaving the knife embedded in the flesh.
“Don’t panic, Cas.  This doesn’t change the plan.  Dean will still take him back to the motel room and oh, shit.”
“Dean, I don’t think I can do this,” Castiel said in a rush, words tumbling so quickly from his mouth that he almost tripped over them.
“You and Cas.  I feel like an uber third wheel.  I didn’t really help on this case and I’ve just been alone in the motel room and Cas wants nothing to do with me, so I don’t know.  Maybe I should leave.”
“Swallow these.  Then get some rest.  I’m gonna grab some ice for your head.  I’ll be back in a minute.”
Castiel’s movements faltered when Crowley mentioned Sam again, but he got himself under control, trying to comprehend what Crowley was suggesting.  He didn’t like the sound of it.
“He’s asleep, but I’d like to finish the movie. You can stay,” Castiel said quietly, carefully adjusting himself so he could shift from a sitting position to a reclining one.  He tucked an arm around Dean, gently maneuvering him so he was resting against Castiel’s chest instead of his shoulder.
“Sam did this to you,” Dean waved vaguely at Castiel’s wounds.  It wasn’t really a question, but Castiel nodded once anyway.
To make matters worse, the spirit they were after was some girl who had died at the hands of cruel assholes and who had been able to hang around by clinging to the kidney she had donated to her sister.  The sister had accidentally died as well, impaled by a piece of glass through her abdomen from the car crash.  The whole thing was stupid.  Dean hated when innocent people died.
Looking up from what he had been reading, Sam immediately said, “Like what?”  He thought it had been a rational question, so Sam was a little surprised to see that it seemed to agitate Dean.
All Dean could think about was Castiel.  He was relieved and amazed that Castiel had come when Sam prayed to him.  Dean had really let himself think that his friend was beyond saving.  He had lost hope and felt so grateful to his stupid brother for trying one last time, because Dean hadn’t been able to hope anymore.
As Castiel pondered, he came up with an idea.  It wouldn’t resolve anything, but it might help convince Sam to stay.  Satisfied with the solution he had arrived at, Castiel turned his attention to Dean sleeping beside him.  The blankets had all been kicked down around his knees and Dean had rolled onto his back.  Castiel found his eyes drawn to Dean’s slightly parted lips and he allowed himself to think about how good they felt when pressed to his.  He had seen kissing before and never understood the purpose, but now it was one of his favorite things to do with Dean.
They split up to find a Doctor Silver who had contacted the CDC the day before about a patient suffering from an unidentifiable illness.   Sam and Bobby had left Dean and Castiel teamed up without a second thought.  The two of them arrived at the office as a woman was locking up.  She didn’t know where the doctor was, but Castiel didn’t miss the opportunity to embarrass Dean when the reason he offered for needing the doctor was due to a ‘painful burning sensation.’  Dean wondered if that was revenge for his comment in the diner.
Smiting the shapeshifter had been supremely satisfying.  Though he looked like Sam, Castiel could see him clearly as a copy, an impostor.  He was simply the perpetrator and Castiel had taken care of him.  It had felt good to see him sprawled next to the flames, defeated and unable to harm him again.
Knowing that he had made Castiel uncomfortable, Dean’s first thought was that he should stop and ask if he was okay.  However, Castiel didn’t seem interested in stopping.  When Dean drew back briefly the angel followed him, occupying his lips with more sweet, hot kisses.  So Dean decided he must not be that upset and settled for licking and kissing Castiel’s neck in apology, dragging his tongue across his adam’s apple as he tilted his head back.
“Actually, let me bring Colossus out here.  Oh, Sam!”  Crowley had stopped his circling and walked a few paces away, calling in the direction of a dark doorway that Castiel presumed led to the kitchen.
It took him about an hour to polish off the rest of the book and Castiel decided he would return it to Bobby.  Dean wouldn’t be calling for hours still so Castiel left the cell phone there. Dean had said it was charging anyway.  When Castiel arrived in Bobby’s living room the hunter wasn’t there.  Castiel could tell he wasn’t in any other part of the house and he felt slightly disappointed.
“What? Why? What’s wrong?” Dean jumped from embarrassment to concern, but he pulled over and quickly put the car in park.
Dean almost added something about how he didn’t expect it to feel so good, but managed to stop himself.  Just cause he still had some hangups about getting drilled in the ass by another man didn’t mean he had to share them with Cas.  He didn’t want the angel to think it was a bad thing, especially not after what Sam had done to him.  And Dean wasn’t lying, it had been awesome to do it that way with Cas.  Hell, he was already thinking of positions that would be possible with the super strong angel.
“Shifters and demons working together!  Will wonders never cease?  Well, one shifter.  He owed me.  I should have gotten two, but, don’t worry, he can do either of them.  He can switch back and forth.  Moose, then Squirrel, then a little more Moose, maybe?  Course the clothing won’t be right for Squirrel… but then, clothing isn’t necessary, hmmm Cas?”
Although, if they were both happy with things, Sam supposed he wouldn’t have to interfere.  He knew Dean wouldn’t want him to get involved, but Sam wasn’t sure he was comfortable trusting Dean’s judgements at the moment.  Dean needed to make Castiel his main concern for a change, but his brother wasn’t stupid.  Sam thought some of his yelling, about how hurt Castiel likely was, had gotten through to him.
Dean caught up with them at the station in time for the ass kicking that needed to be administered, since the cops were really just more Starships.  They kept one of them alive for information and Bobby took the lead questioning.  Dr. Silver’s two kids were locked up in a cell and Dean and Sam hastened to take them safely to their uncle.
The hot, wet slide of Castiel’s fist again and again, coupled with jolts of pleasure as the angel fucked his ass was finally too much.  Dean leaned back into Castiel, head lolling and he couldn’t hold on any longer.
got Castiel to look up, finally, and he promptly fixed Dean with one of his carefully searching stares, like he was trying to meticulously x-ray all of Dean’s thoughts before he could turn them into words.  After a long moment in which Dean kept uncomfortably breaking eye contact, Castiel simply said, “I thought you might like to talk about the other night.  When I was here.”
Sam had joined Dean outside, pulling him from his musings and he brought a couple beers, so they stood talking together.  Talk turned to Castiel and Dean had just finished telling Sam that the angel was off the deep end when Sam surprised him.
“Uh, yeah, I guess you’re right,” Dean said, straightening up and going to his duffle bag.  Castiel was looking angry and flushed.  “You don’t need to be shy, Cas,” Dean tried to reassure him in a joking tone, “We’ll just switch you into some clean boxers. It’ll only take a minute.”
“You’re here for one purpose, Dean.  I need to get off.  It’s my turn to take what I want.  So be quiet and keep your hands to yourself.”
Dean rocked against Castiel’s ass, plunging his tongue into his mouth and skimming a hand along Castiel’s inner thigh.
“You should see yourself, babe. All spread open and ready for me. You look so fucking hot on that exam table.”
Geeze, Dean knew Castiel could be direct sometimes, but it kind of stung that Castiel seemed to think he wanted something.  Dean was sure he must have prayed to Castiel for no real reason before, but he couldn’t quite recall such a situation.  Frowning, Dean reasoned that if he only called Castiel when he needed something it was because he didn’t want to bother the angel, obviously he was a busy guy.
“Perhaps you’re right… I could do penance.  That might be more useful, I’ve caused so much destruction already.”
Dean had put the angel on his bed.  Even if Sam wasn’t sleeping anymore, he still liked to lounge on the bed sometimes, but now it was bloody and occupied. Great.
They had been upturned by swirling darkness that was undoubtedly demonic.  When Dean had checked previously, the building they were staking out on Balthazar’s intel had been full of angels, but now the binoculars revealed it to be seemingly empty.  Dean felt a stab of panic on Castiel’s behalf, even though he was pissed at him.  It didn’t make sense that a mess of demons might have shown up and taken out angels that were clearly on Castiel’s side.  Dean hoped Castiel hadn’t gotten himself killed with this reckless plan that partnered him with the King of Hell.   He and Bobby snuck inside and kept on high alert, but nothing was there to impede their progress.  It couldn’t be a good sign—something was wrong here.
Sam was used to Bobby and knew that even though he was angry, he also seemed to have forgiven Castiel.  Bobby would never say it the way Sam just had, but it was all rolled up and hidden in what he did say.  Castiel seemed to get it though, because he was looking surprised again.
“I didn’t think she was.  I mean, sure, she’d have a beer or a cocktail when she went out, but I never even saw her come home tipsy.  I drink wine, but as far as I know Kathy didn’t even keep any alcohol in the apartment.  Definitely more of a social drinker,” Maya finished, distractedly looking at Castiel, who was touching the suncatchers in the window.
“Crowley was trying to get revenge for my breach of contract.  I don’t think he’ll attempt it again.  And I’ve already left Heaven in shambles, Dean.  It seemed unwise to do the same to Hell.  At least Crowley is an enemy we know,” Castiel said as he fussed with Dean’s sleeve.
Dean had showered and was glad that his ass only felt mildly sore.  Once he was dressed he had practiced walking, pacing the room to be certain his stride was normal, lest Sam notice.  He was mostly able to hide his hickey from view, under the raised collar of his jacket.  Luckily it was on his left side, so Sam would be less likely to spot it while they were driving.
Dean all but leapt across the room to the door to turn on the overhead light.  Returning to Castiel’s side a moment later he couldn’t help but feel shocked.
Sam smirked.  Dean never could last long on an empty stomach, especially not coming from a few days at Bobby’s, where they were used to eating whenever they wanted.
Sam didn’t particularly enjoy these facts. And Dean was currently searching for any way to get Sam’s soul back, regardless of what it might do to him once it was forced back inside. Left up to Dean, Sam would either be dead, insane or back to his ol’ full-of-feelings self in no time. He might not get another opportunity. What Sam needed right now was just a taste of……revenge? A sort of lesson for his angel ‘friend’ to learn. With any luck it would be enough to keep Castiel from seeking their help and maybe even enough to keep him from coming when Dean called him. Sam knew he couldn’t kill the angel because it would be likely Dean would find out and look for the culprit. His plan should be enough to just drive a wedge between the two of them. Curb any chance of this angel/human friendship being permanent.
“I dunno, try something more subtle or maybe vague,” Dean offered, returning to his work, while Castiel pondered the suggestion thoughtfully.
“That’s what we have to figure out, Cas.  We need more info,” Sam explained, as he dug in his pocket and produced his phone.  “I can give Bobby a call and tell him what we have so far, but it‘s not much to go on.  Hopefully, we’ll get more tomorrow to work with.”
All in all, things seemed to be working in Dean’s favor.  Well, except for the part where Dean failed to tell Bobby that Sam had attacked, tortured, and probably raped Castiel.
It wasn’t long before he heard the Impala’s familiar engine, snatches of conversation that he wasn’t sure he wanted to hear, and finally, mercifully, the sound of the door unlocking.  Dean’s voice became louder as he and the ghancanagh stumbled across the threshold, but then Castiel could no longer hear either of them talking.  He hefted his blade and gripped it fiercely, laying a hand lightly on the doorknob, ready to spring into action and silently willing Sam to move more quickly.
Castiel flexed his fingers around Dean, as he issued the command and the hunter moaned and rapidly thrust into his fist.  The angel watched as Dean fucked into the circle of Castiel’s slick fingers, he observed Dean’s body, his sweaty chest and abdomen as he made frantic movements and tried to lean closer to Castiel.  Exceedingly close to the edge, Dean yearned for more than the angel’s hand.
A day passed where he didn’t spy on Dean.  Castiel had stolen old letters from a man’s private collection, following a new lead for opening Purgatory.  Small sins committed for the greater good.
“Yeah, well, what can I say?  Cas and I just needed a little alone time.  Don’t get your panties in a twist.”
“Suck my balls,” Dean says to buy himself some time and Cas complies, pulling off Dean’s dick with a wet pop, and attacking his balls with the same enthusiasm.
When Dean realized Castiel was looking at him, he slung an arm fondly around his shoulder and clumsily removed the glasses that were slipping down his nose.
Dean purposefully put on Sam’s least favorite tape and turned it up loud as he drove.  He didn’t want to look at Sam.  He didn’t want to talk to Sam.  He could barely stand to be breathing the same air as him.  Thankfully Bobby’s was only a handful of hours away.
“Shit, Cas.  I was so fucking scared, are you okay?” He mumbled into the angel’s neck before drawing back to look at him properly.
As he approached, he heard and then saw Sam’s lighter ignite. This didn’t register as suspicious since the darkness in the room was fairly absolute. The small flickering of light somewhat illuminated Sam’s figure on the floor, but his head was drooping, his face hidden. Castiel stopped abruptly as Sam reached out to drop his lighter the short distance to the floor. The ring of holy fire burst up around Castiel almost instantly.
to it for Christ’s sake—Dean was still a little angry with him.  He couldn’t help it.  Dean knew he was being an ass and that he should probably apologize to the angel, but it was just easier to go with the anger and irritation.
They moaned in unison as Dean sank into him, covering Castiel’s body with his own and licking along the shell of his ear and down part of his neck.
“What do you think, Cas?  I slipped,” Dean said, slipping again in his attempt to get back on his feet and falling forward.  He heard Sam laughing in the distance—the bitch.  Castiel stepped closer and caught Dean’s arm, steadying him as he finally got up.
Sam was the first issue.  He and Dean had followed mysterious coordinates to a town in Rhode Island, that evidently Sam had been in sometime the previous year, working a case with Samuel.  The case didn’t go very smoothly since Soulless Sam hadn’t really behaved himself while he had been there, but they overcame that hurdle and ganked the monster anyway.
, but then it wasn’t a sword. It was an iron fire poker. Sam held it lazily and stepped forward so the end of the iron was held in the flames. He looked cockily at Castiel whose eyes had flitted down to the iron and then back to Sam. When he finally spoke, his low voice was slightly raised and agitated, “What do you
Crowley nodded to the fake Sam and the shifter took a few steps back, lifting a heavy, familiar looking weapon into his hands.  He moved closer, the iron poker swinging alongside his leg as he walked.  Unable to take his eyes from the eerie threat of the sinister Sam in front of him, Castiel watched him approach the ring of fire as Crowley continued to speak.
“Yeah, well if I didn’t know better, I’d think you picked this place—are you even listening?  Stop embarrassing yourself, Dean.”
. He’s God, and he’s pissed.” This should be obvious; it was to Dean. “And when God gets righteous you get the hell out of the way. Haven’t you read the bible?” Dean spat, hotly.
Dean gently pulled out of Castiel’s grasp and hurried to the bathroom to hastily wash his hands and to grab towels and wet a washcloth.  He gathered up some spare bandages from his duffle bag, but cursed when he realized the extensive first aid kit was in the Impala still.
Castiel narrowed his eyes and tilted his head against the mattress, which Dean found highly amusing.
“Your mouth,” Castiel said, reaching a hand back to grasp at Dean’s hair and pull him into a strong kiss.
Dean cracked up again and Castiel smiled, looking between them.  It was good to see Dean laughing while he was drinking.  A lot of the time when Dean turned to the bottle, it was to forget or to numb the pain.  They hadn’t drunk to have fun in a long time.  Sam had another beer but had refused his additional shots, which Dean quickly divided between himself and Castiel.  Though the angel had the most to drink, he didn’t seem very affected, but he was watching Dean’s amused face with warm delight in his eyes.
“All that means is we’re under a time crunch to gank this dick,” Dean said, raising his voice so both men could hear him, since they had to walk single file down the crowded sidewalk.
He slid deliciously in Castiel’s hot grip, over and over and licked the angel’s neck.  He had missed Castiel’s skin and now he laid claim to his throat, nibbling and sucking and kissing all the warm smoothness and the rougher, stubble covered terrain.  With a level of skill he shouldn’t yet possess, Castiel pumped his fist over Dean’s cock relentlessly and whispered right next to his ear.
He knew the longer they kissed, the better Dean would taste.  Dean apparently had a different agenda.  He was gripping Castiel’s hands and pulling him out of his chair and back towards the bed.  While mouthing along Castiel’s neck, Dean brought his hands to his tie and started undoing it.
When Cas takes him in his mouth again, sucking with renewed vigor, Dean’s sorely tempted to just stay in that hot sucking heat with Cas’s expert tongue doing that fucking thing he loves, but then again, he
.  Plus, you were nice enough to finally tell me you were alive after all and, well, I don’t need to commit to being your brother.  That is what it is.”
There was a doubtful expression on Dean’s face, but he didn’t tell Castiel otherwise.  Instead he said, “Well, I guess we could give you a few hours to see if you’re improving.  Let me put a different bandage on that other stab wound.”  It only took Dean a minute to remove the old wrappings and apply a butterfly bandage instead.
When he had first gone to Crowley, he had suspected the demon wanted revenge.  It never occurred to Castiel that he might have knowledge of what had transpired between himself and Sam or of his evolving relationship with Dean.  That revelation and Crowley’s intentions had been immediately distressing, but once Castiel had reined in his fear the situation changed.
“I can live with those terms, but it’s your pathetically plaid prince charming who can’t stay away from me, darling.  Always a pleasure.”
This felt like rejection to Dean, but Castiel was new to all of this stuff.  Maybe he just didn’t get it.
Gradually, Dean regained some semblance of control and he was able to remove himself from Castiel’s arms.  He yanked his boxers back up and crouched down to tug his boots off so he could step out of his jeans. He stood up just in time to see that Castiel had brought his spunk covered hand to his mouth and was licking at his fingers inquisitively, with an analytical expression.
Dean was looking embarrassed and like he was maybe trying to come up with a different argument when Castiel spoke up.
His first taste is just that, a flick of his tongue over that hot hole and it’s Cas who grabs for his hair, pressing him closer. Dean allows it for now, he was heading there anyway. He eagerly licks into Cas, loving how he tastes, loving the moans of approval Cas makes in his throat. The way he parts so easily for his tongue. Normally Dean would spend longer resting cheek to cheek with Cas as he slowly, methodically licks him open. He loves pressing his lips to Cas, spearing his tongue in and out, dragging it slowly all around the outside of the furled skin, increasing his depth each time until he’s positively diving in deep.
Forget how it happened.  Castiel’s reaction was even worse.  He hadn’t been mad or even that surprised.  Dean didn’t think Castiel had seemed particularly happy about it, but he did call it, what was the word he used,
Dean had spotted Sam coming into the room earlier, but he had since forgotten him, while he was so focused on Castiel and making him understand.  He was belatedly aware that Sam had picked up Raphael’s dropped angel blade and watched in horror as Sam chose this moment to plunge it into Castiel’s back.  Dean hadn’t thought he’d ever have to see Castiel hurt by Sam again.
It didn’t make sense that Castiel was standing in front of him looking so real, but Dean realized it wasn’t a dream.  Bobby had screwed the pooch with the angel-proofing.  Dean wasn’t afraid of Castiel though, he just had no idea what to do with him.
Glaring up at Sam, Castiel weighed his options and reluctantly opened his mouth. Sam pushed forward filling Castiel’s mouth once again as he raised his hands to bury them in the angel’s dark hair, forcing his head into position.
Castiel picked up the receiver and looked at it before raising it towards his ear.  Unfamiliar with this style of phone, Castiel wondered if he needed to hit a button, but he didn’t see any green colored button or one labeled ‘talk’ like he’d seen on cell phones.  He could hear noise on the line, but no one said anything.  Castiel put the receiver back down.
Castiel’s eyes were searching and Dean wasn’t sure what the angel was trying to find in his gaze, but he felt compelled to say, “You’re safe, Cas.  I’ve got you.”
Dean floods his ass, cock twitching in place as he blows his load, all but collapsing onto Cas in the process.  Cas kisses the top of his head and brushes fingers through his hair until Dean’s able to stand again. Cum oozes out of his ass after Dean pulls out, hole gaping slightly from a proper pounding. Dean pushes it back in with his fingers, wishing he had a plug. Maybe next time. The creampie makes him think of the slice of apple that he abandoned in the kitchen.
“What, Cas? You like this?” Dean smiled at him and sat back on his heels, out of Castiel’s reach, loosening his jeans and pushing them halfway down his thighs.  He did the same for Castiel, well aware of the angel’s tented boxers, as he pulled Castiel’s pants down around his knees.
If Castiel heard him, he didn’t respond.  Even from a distance Dean had been right to grab his knife, Castiel’s arms had been tied well and would be a pain to undo. With a stab of anger, Dean realized that whoever had done this had used the angel’s blue tie and the belt from his coat to tie him up.  That was just so wrong.
“Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t utterly obliterate you,” Castiel said, moving within arm’s reach of the demon.  He was clothed again.
Dean sighed and ran a hand through his hair.  He glanced up at Castiel and the obvious concern in his expression halted Dean’s initial inclination to snap at Cas for fussing over him.
Floundering in the shallow water, Castiel looked slightly panicked as his hands slipped on the lake floor and he tried to keep his head above the surface.
Forcing himself to move, Dean quickly retrieved his knife from his bag and then knelt down next to Castiel to cut his arms free.
“Then we are done taking your temperature,” Dean says, decisively removing the thermometer.  He throws away the gloves and turns his attention to the table, giddily setting up the stirrups.
Sam knew they weren’t safe yet.  Death was Death and he would probably enjoy squashing them all for trying to use him to do their bidding.  Well, either Death was really fond of Dean or really fond of the fried pickles, because inexplicably he let them live and only mildly threatened them if they dared to try it again.  It had been lucky that Castiel had been so disrespectful to Death, evidently the angel irritated him enough that he agreed to help them.
“Well, I mean it, Cas,” Sam assured him.  “I don’t know why Dean would change his mind like that, but he’s an idiot.”
“Yeah, I’m fine.  You have’t been researching?  Should we head back to Bobby’s or hang around, look for another case?  Either way, you’re not taking off alone.  And were you
“I’m…yes.  This—this is surprisingly wonderful,” Castiel mused, as he ran his fingers through Dean’s hair.
“What? No!  Of course not, I’m not an idiot,” Dean argued, offended that Bobby would think that.  Sure, he wasn’t Mr. Sensitive, but he knew Cas hadn’t done anything wrong.
It was supposed to be a good thing.  John Winchester back, raised from the dead.  The how and the why behind this miracle were certainly questions that would lead them to complicated answers.  Fortune never followed the Winchesters far and it always brought misery along for the ride.
“You know, if you’re right about this, you saved us from a day of boredom, doing nonsense research,” Dean pointed out, stepping towards him.
The fact that Castiel wanted to leave the marks on him made Dean think of the handprint Castiel had left on his shoulder.  Dean hadn’t considered it a possessive mark before, but now he was rethinking that.  It was sort of a shame it was gone, it had easily been his coolest scar.
Without a soul, Sam could see everything a little bit more clearly. Feelings no longer distracted him from goals. He was free to pursue anything without shame, guilt, or hesitation. He turned an analytical eye to all that lay before him, calmly calculating the movements and reactions of those around him to stay ahead of their thoughts and actions. He was always playing a role, acting through a scene, he had been for months and he was getting very good at it.
“You’re… awesome too, Dean.  I—I feel… Touching you is inordinately enjoyable.  When you touch me, the pleasure I feel, it’s so…”
.  Since Sam couldn’t remember anything, then he wouldn’t know to question Castiel about it.  Dean couldn’t decide if this was a good thing or not.  He didn’t want Sam to remember since it was just something else he’d feel terrible about, but Dean couldn’t help but wonder about Castiel.  Since he didn’t know Sam forgot everything, wouldn’t he want an
“Listen to me.  Listen, I know there’s a lot of bad water under the bridge, but we were family once.”
“So don’t believe a word he said.  And the lube.  I don’t know, uh, what you know about it, but people use it all the time to make sex
“You could have at least waited for the chorus, Dean.  How’s it go?” Sam started singing and Dean hoped he was trying to sound awful, because he really did.  “Baayaaby, you're my angel, Come and save me—oww.” Sam rubbed his arm where Dean had punched him.
Teresa Casey was the first victim, she had been killed at the hospital by the second victim, Katherine Farrell, when they had gotten into a physical fight.  Farrell had stabbed Casey in the chest with a pair of scissors, before she died of a seizure.  Neither of the women had seemed to be improving with the treatment they received.
“You know, Dean,” Sam began casually, as he clambered off Castiel and turned to face his brother, “I’m not opposed to sharing.”  Sam inclined his head back in Castiel’s direction, smirking as he said, “Believe me, you’d enjoy him.”
“Whatever you want, Cas.  But even if we skip apologies, that doesn’t mean you need to stop talking about things that upset you.  I think it’s important and I really want to listen and help you through it, so the talking offer stands.”  At this rate, Dean was gonna be an expert at this sensitive, emotional crap in no time.
“Don’t get attached to those worms, Cas.  They’re bait,” Dean said as they walked along the perimeter of the lake to a quiet area far from where people were starting to swim.  They found a shaded stretch of grass with some strategically placed logs to sit on.
Sam injected menace into his voice as he delivered the threat, “If you don’t help us, I will hunt you down and kill you.”
Feeling a little ridiculous with a dick in his mouth, Dean paid attention to Castiel’s reactions instead.  When he swirled his tongue around the head, Castiel bit his lip.  He licked the underside and dipped his tongue into the slit and Castiel moaned.  When he dropped his mouth as far down as he felt comfortable, Castiel surprised him by suddenly grasping at his hair in encouragement and Dean tried to go a bit further.  Pulling back, he sucked hard.
Despite Dean’s thorough prep work, Castiel was still achingly tight and burning hot.  Castiel clenched around him as he strained to escape from underneath Dean and it was so fucking good.  Determined to move, Dean pulled back, almost all the way out, before driving himself in again, shutting his eyes and dropping his head at the sensation.
Castiel spluttered and gasped, trying to breathe again. He was taking deep shuddering breaths, but even with his mouth open and the belt looser he still struggled since Sam was essentially sitting on his chest and the weight made it difficult for his lungs to inflate fully. He was dimly aware that he was losing feeling in his arms and hands since they were tightly bound and crushed uncomfortably underneath him.
This was what Dean wanted. Castiel hot and frenzied beneath him, as they both moved their slick fists.  Dean dropped his head to Castiel’s shoulder, gasping and muffling his moans against the angel’s skin.  Castiel was pawing at Dean’s back and ass with his free hand, pulling Dean closer as he licked along Dean’s ear and neck.
Abruptly, Dean decided he might as well get over all his trepidation in one go and so, while stroking Castiel, he lowered his head and licked at his balls.  It wasn’t as bad as Dean had convinced himself it would be and Castiel was really into Dean’s performance by now.  Not wanting to disappoint, Dean sucked them into his mouth, one at a time, and then licked all the way from his testicles up his cock, before sucking on the head.  Castiel suddenly couldn’t hold his head up any longer and he dropped it back with a breathy, whiny exhale.
That night Dean waited until Bobby had gone to bed and Sam had gone down to the panic room before he snuck upstairs with Castiel and into the room with the old bed and clean sheets.  They kissed slowly in bed together with none of the urgency from earlier, before Castiel decided he had had enough and pulled Dean to rest against his chest in a strong hold.  It was surprisingly nice to have one of Castiel’s arms draped around his waist.  Dean had convinced Castiel to ditch the extra layer and to sleep in just a t-shirt. He absorbed himself with brushing his hand along Castiel’s exposed arm, enjoying the look and feel of it.  The angel wore entirely too much clothing all the time.
He jerked his head back at the iron in the flames so Castiel would understand. Sam was looking right at Castiel and he thought his eyes looked a little unfocused. He wondered if an angel could get a concussion.
“And you.”  Dean pointed at Castiel.  “Next time, you bring me with you!  You rushed down here alone and reckless and got friggin’ injured too.”
“Cas,” he barked it a little too loudly, especially considering he was still just above him, staring down at his face.  Castiel flinched a little, opening his eyes and looking up at Dean again.
Dean had moved very close to the angel, but he didn’t back up.  He was searching Dean’s expression, trying to understand.  It was adorable.
Turning his head, Castiel watched Dean intently as he beelined to the bathroom, passing a couple men playing pool.
Dean decided to carry on with questions, clearly not wanting to let his thoughts stray to sadness like Sam’s had.
Dean moaned, stroking himself as Cas fucked into his mouth with fresh urgency.  Cas followed orders well and less than a minute later he was cursing as he buried himself in Dean’s throat, shooting hot into his mouth.
Sidestepping Dean, Castiel slipped past him and out of the bathroom, but Dean caught his arm and backed him against the hallway wall, pressing eager lips just below his ear.
When he woke up there was a crick in his neck and he moved slowly, rubbing at it and rolling his shoulders.  As he sat up straighter, he saw Dean’s right hand drop from where it was resting on the top of the seat near Castiel’s head.  Strange as it was, Sam had a funny feeling he had interrupted Dean touching Castiel’s neck with his fingers.
Armed with blades and emergency vials of dead man’s blood,  Dean and Sam were ready to go.  Castiel transported them to a side door and Dean tried the knob.  It wasn’t locked, but Sam figured vampires probably thought of themselves as top of the food chain—if anyone was dumb enough to walk into their nest they’d no doubt destroy them.  So, naturally, the hunters walked right in with the angel.
They were involved in tracking some sort of creature that they didn’t know much about, that had somehow escaped from Purgatory.  ‘Mother of All’ was one of the names they had.  It sounded intimidating and the trail of horror down I-80 hadn’t been encouraging, so Sam wasn’t ungrateful to have Bobby and Rufus along to check out the cannery where some guy had opened fire and killed six-people before the cops shot him.  Though, even Sam could admit it was a bit of a full-house once Gwen and Samuel showed up.
Castiel felt confused by the conversation, but he resumed his train of thought since Dean was going to sleep.
“Sorry, Cas, but I’ve got to clean it,” Dean apologized.  He could already feel the leg trembling where he was still touching Castiel.
Teetering on the verge of answering, Dean realized what Sam was trying to say.  He felt his face heat up and darted a glance in Sam’s direction.  His brother’s mouth was slightly open and his eyebrows were sky high, waiting in anticipation for Dean’s response.
Stretching his arm to touch Castiel’s chest, Dean laughed when his roommate knocked his hand away.  Castiel threw his hands behind him, leaning away from Dean and arching his back as he set the pace, lifting his pelvis and sliding up and down around Dean.
Still holding Castiel, Sam pulled out of the angel. He saw his minimal prep hadn’t made much difference and there was some blood on his cock. Loosening his hold on Castiel, Sam lowered the angel a bit before letting go of him completely. Castiel easily overbalanced on his weakened leg and promptly fell hard onto his injured side without hands to catch himself. Groaning, Castiel tried to shift some of his weight off his thigh, but his efforts weren’t very effective. His whole body ached.
Dean glanced warily up at Castiel.  He was still and exhausted looking, with his eyes closed and his breathing even.  It seemed unlikely that Castiel was asleep, but Dean had known him to sleep after being injured in the past, so it was possible.  Dean wanted both to ask about Castiel’s injuries and to know nothing about them simultaneously.  Finding out what had happened to his friend was important, but maybe he was a little afraid of the answer.
Senselessly grabbing at Castiel’s flank and the pillow under his head, Dean tried to find purchase to grind back into the angel.  Castiel was repeating his name and then kissing Dean, sloppy and needy.  Finding the optimal angle to turn Dean into a writhing mess, Castiel thrust and kissed and fucked and stroked him until Dean was moaning.
, so hot, such a tight little hole.  Getting ready to come, baby?  Feels so good, ugh, fuckin’ perfect ass.  Come now and I’ll fill you up even more.”
“Talking does seem to help.” Castiel almost sounded like he was saying it to himself.  “I spoke with Sam again.  It was constructive.”
“Oh, yeah, it’s definitely dad.  We’ll be fine,” Dean assured him, completely misunderstanding Castiel’s concern.
Castiel closed his eyes at the demand, he wasn’t sure what he was feeling, but he knew Sam’s words made his queasy stomach churn. At Sam’s tugging, Castiel opened his eyes again and choked a bit before he began humming tunelessly. Sam continued thrusting languidly into Castiel’s mouth.
Feeling uncomfortable, Sam picked up his drink again and finished it.  He was uncertain what to say to his friend he had hurt, Castiel, the mutated angel, who had killed hundreds of people.  Sam was tempted to make an excuse to leave the room the way Dean had.  Castiel wasn’t giving any sign that he was particularly inclined to talk.  As he set the empty glass on the table, Castiel came out of his staring fit and looked up at Sam.
“Whaa…?” Dean says softly not even sure the words make it out of his mouth, because he always wakes up in bed but Cas is never there.
There was definitely something Castiel wasn’t saying, because Dean was lost as to why he’d be looking pissy and hurt.  He patted the mattress next to him in invitation.
The hunters loaded their bags into the trunk and Bobby and Sam climbed into the backseat together.  Sam sat on the driver’s side so he was as far from Castiel as he could be in the car.  If Dean found it strange that they both forfeited the front seat without a word, he didn’t say anything.  Castiel didn’t comment either, but Sam thought he gave Dean a curious glance once he was seated beside him.
Moving slowly, Dean raised his hand so Castiel could see it and brought it carefully to rest on his shoulder.
Castiel didn’t even look at Sam.  He was focused on Dean, so Sam gazed openly at the new God.  He didn’t look very God-like at all, in fact, Castiel looked horrible.  The skin on his face was inflamed, marred under his eyes, it almost looked like it was gouged in places, or maybe even slightly melted.  As an angel, Castiel had always been able to heal any injuries to his vessel. What could have done this sort of damage now that he was God?  Even the angel’s hands had the strange mottled redness.  Sam wondered if the injuries hurt.  Memories of the violence he had subjected Castiel to popped into his head.  Sam regretfully thought that what he had done had been worse.
Castiel moaned as Dean drove his hips upwards while holding Castiel tightly against his chest.  Trembling in Dean’s arms, Castiel could feel himself coming undone as he repeated Dean’s name and left open mouthed kisses along his throat.  Dean’s relentless pace pushed Castiel over the edge and he smothered his cry in Dean’s neck as he grabbed onto him.  Castiel’s tensing and shaking had Dean slamming into him more frantically and he felt it the moment Dean came deep inside him.
“No, I mean why?  Didn’t they have a room with a couch I could sleep on?  Cas doesn’t even need to sleep, so…seems silly to waste money on two rooms.”
Dimly aware of Sam moving around him within the ring of fire, Castiel started and tensed again when Sam began grabbing at him, but he was just gruffly yanking Castiel’s pants back up, tucking him in and buckling his belt. Then Sam removed his belt from around Castiel’s neck. Castiel had forgotten it was even there.
Dean needed a drink.  Surely, he can’t have been missing something this huge for so long.  He was just worked up and overreacting.  Castiel had been right, he could benefit from some sleep.
“I’ll stall Dean,” Castiel said, heading to the door.  As he passed in front of Sam, he hesitated and made a movement that Sam thought might have been the beginning of an attempt to hug him.  Whatever the move was, the angel lost his nerve and Sam saw a look of annoyance cross his face.
As expected, Castiel gave the belt an angry look and made no move to take it.  So Dean took it out of Sam’s hand, nodding, “He’s right.  Stitches hurt like a bitch.”
It looked like Castiel had a stab wound high on his chest near his collar bone.  Dean cleaned it up along with the cut stretching across his torso to his navel.  The cut was long and deeper high on Castiel’s chest, where it likely began, tapering off into a shallower injury on his abdomen.  Stitching along the top would help it heal, but it wasn’t necessary.  When Sam got in maybe he could just use a few butterfly bandages on it.  The knowledge that at least Castiel was healing comforted Dean.
Turning abruptly to face Dean, Sam saw his brother snap his attention to Sam as he innocently scratched at the side of his chin.  Sam deserved a million good-brother points for curbing his inclination to embarrass Dean further.  And it was really hard to resist since Dean was being so obvious about the fact that they had clearly been all over each other before his arrival.
“I cannot tell you everything yet, Dean, but I will.  I’m doing the best I can and this would be a welcome distraction, but I cannot afford to be distracted.”
“You’re fine, Cas.  Just sit up,” Dean said, pulling Castiel up so he was sitting instead of lying  sprawled in the water.
Dean spreads Cas’s already separated cheeks even further apart, holding them obscenely open so he can see that perfect, pink pucker.  It moves minutely, breathing right along with Cas’s steady inhales.  Dean uses his thumbs to press and part tender flesh.  The thought of looking inside is starting to create a problem in his jeans and Dean struggles to remember how to play doctor despite his abruptly rerouted blood flow.
“I just wanted to talk to you, Cas,” Dean began, trying not to feel awkward.  “I haven’t really had a chance to see how you were doing since what happened with Sam, before he got his soul back and all.  I wanted to make sure you’re all right.”
Castiel had killed Balthazar, his brother, who had betrayed him to Dean, revealing his location to the hunter.  It seemed he could trust no one.  It was hard to understand.  Rachel and Balthazar, Sam and Bobby and Dean, it was too much. Castiel found himself alone in his efforts to avert the apocalypse and it simply didn’t make sense to him.  He had their best interests at heart and somehow Dean was still furious at him, still determined to stop Castiel’s plan to save them all.
“Dammit, Sam, what the hell else was he supposed to do?” Dean ran his hand through his hair and shook his head slightly, agitated.
Flitting his eyes to Dean’s lips, Castiel considered.  He ducked his head closer, almost brushing Dean’s pillowy looking lips, but pulling just out of reach when his roommate tried to close the distance.
When the local police arrived, it was lucky they weren’t all arrested at the bar.  Dean had managed to duck out of view while they cuffed Sam, Bobby, and Castiel.  The angel was not happy about the handcuffs and jerked uncomfortably when the officers grabbed him to keep him still.  Dean watched guiltily, wishing he could interfere.    Being arrested was old news for the hunters, but it was sort of surreal to see the angel led out by the police and unable to do anything about it.
Cas is talking but Dean is looking at his lips. Again. Shut up. And Dean is only half listening partly because of the staring and partly because he recently got clobbered over the head, thank you very much. Bits and pieces of it still seep through though and abruptly Dean realizes that Cas is talking about
Castiel cocked his head and considered Dean, staring as Dean drove.  Dean chose to remain silent, hoping Castiel would continue.
Shocked, Dean gaped at Castiel, completely taken aback.  He couldn’t figure out where this was coming from and why Castiel was so angry with him.
“I know, Cas.  I was a jackass.  I shouldn’t have done that and I’m sorry.” Dean glanced at Castiel a few times as he said it.  He wondered if he should pull over, but Castiel had known he was driving, maybe he was just finally in the mood to talk.
“That was—you—yes.  I liked it.  You were right,” Castiel murmured thoughtfully, “Practice does result in perfection.”
“I’m sorry about what happened, Dean. When you kissed me, I didn’t realize you’d been hexed. I shouldn’t have, shouldn’t have taken advantage of you like that.”
As soon as the question leaves his mouth he remembers. Yes, it absolutely was a ghost. A regular she-demon, but if Cas is talking about a witch, then the whole ghost thing
“I’m glad you made it, Sam.” Castiel slowly turned halfway to look at Sam, “But the angel blade won’t work, because I’m not an angel anymore.”
Pulling Castiel up slightly by his bicep, Sam got a hold of the front of his trench coat and as he started to pull it off his shoulder, he grabbed up the suit jacket underneath as well, and tugged them both roughly down and off Castiel’s arm. He rolled the unconscious form forward again, so he could pull his other arm free and tossed the coat and jacket out of the ring of fire, but not before keeping the fabric belt from the trench coat. Castiel moaned a little and curled in on himself a bit, so Sam decided to not waste time and pulled his knife out to cut up the back of Castiel’s dress shirt in one quick motion. Rolling the angel again, Sam cut the front as well and peeled the shirt pieces off of Castiel. He looked small and pale without all his layers. Sam removed Castiel’s tie and used that and the belt from his trench coat to tie the angel’s arms securely behind his back. Castiel was out of it still, so Sam picked the iron poker up out of the flames.
Instead of responding, Castiel slid his hands from Dean’s face to his shoulders and waited for him to continue.
They made it to the lab and Dean couldn’t resist grabbing Castiel’s other arm to help Sam support him inside.  He thought Castiel purposefully leaned more towards him once he did.  Castiel was looking worse after the long car ride. He looked ashen and when they tried to leave him on his own, standing and leaning was too much effort and he sunk down to sit on the floor instead.  The three of them prepped the room.  Castiel had just sent Sam for the blood they would need from down the hall.  Dean was shoving some carts and an old metal bookcase aside to make room for the sigil they would need to put on the wall, when Castiel spoke to him.
times already decides to throw pitch forks and shovels and fucking chainsaws at them, well, Dean starts to suspect that this particular brand of nasty undead bitch is just too over the top to be real life.  That feeling increases tenfold when Cas just stolls in the barn door, striding towards the tractor they’re taking cover behind with fury in his eyes.
Castiel bristled at the attempted dismissal, as if John were in charge of him or either of his adult sons.  Turning to Dean, Castiel was dismayed to see that instead of appearing defiant he was looking uncomfortably at the floor, one glance at Sam revealed a similar uneasiness, though he didn’t look away.
“You’re friggin’ awesome, Cas.  That was amazing,” Dean said quietly, kissing the back of Castiel’s neck once.
All the excitement was clearly unhinging the angel, he had his hands fisted tightly in Dean’s short hair and was kissing Dean with maddening desperation.  Castiel whined against Dean’s parted lips and gasped Dean’s name, squirming beneath him and dropping a hand to Dean’s back where he clawed into the hunter’s shoulder blade as he came with a cry.
While they drove, Castiel had been meticulously looking over the small amount of information that Sam had collected on the case.  Occasionally, he commented on or questioned the facts they were aware of so far.  Sam had no idea what they were dealing with, but he just hoped he was correct in thinking it didn’t involve demons.  If they encountered demons, then it was possible Crowley could get wind of Castiel being alive and with them.  It was something they were trying to avoid.
Castiel slid his unrequested cup of coffee over to Dean.  Nodding his thanks, Dean considered Castiel thoughtfully.  The angel definitely didn’t seem mad at him.  They hadn’t said much this morning, but they had talked of inconsequential things.
Kicking his foot at the empty space where the fae had just been, Sam shook his head.  “I wish all our bodies could be so easily taken care of.”
Somehow it was decided that the best course of action would be for one of them to approach the ghancanagh and convince him to go back to their motel room.  Castiel thought it should be him, since he was likely insusceptible to the toxin, but he couldn’t imagine what he would say to lead him out of there.
different now, but we’ll get through it.  And I know you have Dean to talk to, but he can be such an ass about talking.  So if you ever want to talk to me about anything you can.  Bobby too.”
Dean was grateful for the long drive ahead of them.  Driving was always calming to him. Sometimes he liked the silence, sometimes he preferred good tunes to pass the time.  Long roads always gave him the opportunity to collect his thoughts and brood over problems.
This earned Dean a sad, little smile back that didn’t reach Castiel’s eyes.  They stood in companionable silence for a bit and Dean sort of felt like Castiel wanted to tell him something, but he wasn’t about to press the issue.  He wanted to let Castiel work through things at his own pace.
Dean envisioned some petite blond, eyeing Cas and batting her eyelashes at him, pressing up against him with the pretense of saying something discreet.  Well, little floozy could take her preening elsewhere—Dean wanted Cas all to himself.  He’d just have to send Cas off with a reminder of what would be waiting for him at home.
“Hey Cas, Castiel.  I know you’re upset, man, but no one is gonna hurt you, I promise.  Just come back, we’re worried about you.  Sam didn’t mean to scare you.  We’ll get everything sorted out and, uh, I’ll keep you safe.  So, just, yeah.  Come back.  Please.”
staring at you and standing too close and all but ignoring me when I’m right there.  Sometimes I would ask a question and he’d
The image of Sam above him dominated his field of vision and Castiel squeezed his eyes shut to the sight which caused tears to spill from his watery eyes. Tears tracked down his face, running through the blood on the injured side of Castiel’s head. Sam tugged at his hair, which was also half matted in blood, telling him to open his eyes. Castiel obediently opened them again and tried to look through Sam at nothing, attempting to focus instead on the pain in his leg, shoulder or head to distract himself. It was hard to decide which part hurt the most, but at the moment Castiel thought it might be his head since Sam had such a tight grip on his hair and the rhythmic movements were making him a bit dizzy. If he looked at the brightness of the fire, it made his head ache.
Dean leaned on the gas pedal as if he could accelerate away from the conversation with enough speed.  It wasn’t his fault that talking about feelings made him so uncomfortable.  He thought he’d been handling things pretty well considering Castiel was a man and an angel and was raped by his brother.  All of those aspects created a situation that could easily turn horrible.  Not to mention that Dean had minimal relationship experience and Castiel had none.  The fact that he was kind of scared and excited by how important Castiel was to him was definitely not something he could talk to Sam about.  He wanted to tell Sam to shut up, but Dean knew he was just trying to be nice.
“No, Dean.  He hasn’t done anything.  It’s my issue.  Besides, you two seem to be doing well.  I don’t want my crap to mess it up.”
By this point Dean was undeniably turned on and he was well aware of how sexy Castiel was, twisting before him and gasping.  The hot, slick heat surrounding Dean’s fingers was tight and tempting.  As Dean grazed the sweet spot again, Castiel suddenly clenched around him. The lights in the room flickered and dimmed while Castiel moaned and shook as he climaxed.  Not wanting to be rude, Dean swallowed, stroking and fingering Castiel with his hands, licking at the head of his cock while the angel’s orgasm rushed through him.  Then Castiel was saying his name and grabbing at Dean, forcefully pulling him up to lay alongside him.  The angel kissed Dean endlessly and held him tightly, crushing them together.  His grip was almost too strong and eventually Dean had to break the kiss so he could breathe.
“Dean, it was such an inconsequential thing.  I didn’t want to bother Sam over something so trivial.”
“Yeah, Cas.  Um, again, I was being an ass.  You tried to talk to me and I blew you off.  I was mad at you too, but we’re past that now, right?  I’m sorry, you’re sorry, and I don’t want to seem like I’m skating past all this, but, well, a lot happened and we’d probably be making apologies all damn day.  I’m no good at this stuff, man.  So the bottom line is that I’m sorry I hurt you.”
Castiel didn’t seem too pleased that Dean had succeeded in his plan, but he agreed to examine Sam and make sure his soul was in fact returned.
Castiel wondered how he could make Dean understand.  Dean didn’t need to ask for help.  Castiel would always watch out for the hunter.
Rolling his eyes, Castiel returned his attention to his laptop.  Gabriel was never serious, but he could still scent bullshit like a bloodhound.  Castiel hated it.
The sight, coupled with smooth glide and pressure as Castiel sucked him, had Dean jerking forward, coming right where he wanted to.
Castiel met Dean’s lips, tasting the hunter amidst traces of pie that he didn’t care for.  Dean drew back.
Side Note: I forgot to mention, I wrote in a line about Castiel’s heartbeat and have obviously mentioned him breathing before.  My thoughts on that are that his vessel always pumps blood and breathes (like a normal body).  I don't think Cas needs the air, like he could probably go underwater without needing to breathe because his grace could sustain him, but when he was trapped in the ring of fire he needed to breathe since he was powerless.  Also I think a heartbeat is canon since he got that boner while watching pizzaman porn and it wasn't an intentional grace fueled thing, it just happened naturally and something had to be pumping blood south.  Just some fyi thoughts in case it was bugging anyone.
Castiel was certain that the Sam praying to him was once again the Sam he used to know.  Even though he had been gravely concerned about returning Sam’s broken soul to his body, he couldn't help but be glad to hear Sam sounding like himself again.  The younger Winchester was alone, and this caused Castiel to hesitate for a moment, but then it passed.  He knew that despite Sam’s questionable decisions in the past with demon blood, he had never been malicious, and so Castiel went to him.
“Want you deep inside me, Dean.  I’d squeeze you so tight as you split me open.  Making me come on your cock and fucking faster and harder until you fill me up.  Do it, Dean.  Come
Staring up, Dean locked eyes with Cas, engulfing him in heat and wetness again and getting a soft moan in return.  Grabbing at Cas’ ass with his dry hand, Dean encouraged him to slide forward.  Cas did, eager though a little stiff, like he was still worried about his fucking trousers.  So Dean just sucked harder, enthusiastically swallowing as much as he could so Cas’ precious pants wouldn’t get ruined.
what happened between the two of you.  I mean, I saw your injuries—I know about those—but I also saw how you were tied up and it seemed like you must have been in a pretty vulnerable position.  Then at the motel Sam looked pretty comfortable taking—taking advantage of you…”
They were quieter than normal when they finally stopped for dinner.  Dean had run out of things to say after being cooped up in the car all day and he ate listlessly, disappointed in the quality of his meal.  There was a motel they passed a couple miles back and by the time they got there Dean was feeling tired and irritated.  He wanted to lie down and stretch out with Cas.
Castiel had been certain he could make Dean understand, but he had failed.  Maybe he had been wrong about other things as well.  Perhaps the bond between himself and Dean wasn’t everything he thought it was.  Castiel had hoped that the hunter might reciprocate the strong feelings that he was having, but Dean had said that it meant nothing when he kissed Castiel.  It shouldn’t have been such a surprising and disappointing revelation, but it had been.
Dean didn’t need Castiel to say it.  He knew that the angel had succeeded in his plan of opening purgatory and taking in millions of souls.  When Castiel did speak to confirm what Dean already knew, the angel sounded so calm and imperious—Dean couldn’t remember Castiel ever sounding like that before.  Sensing defeat, Crowley left immediately and Dean couldn’t blame him, even Raphael seemed afraid.
When Castiel had started talking very seriously about making his own destiny, Dean had promptly switched topics and babbled on, keeping things light and making some jokes until Castiel left.  He hadn’t been trying to get the guy to leave, but he was worried Castiel might be about to dramatically confess his love or something. Since he was unsure how to act now, he was glad to see Castiel go. At least the angel had also been acting normally, maybe they really could pretend it never happened.
Lifting his hand from Castiel’s mouth, Sam said, “Don’t speak.”   Staring raptly at Castiel’s lips, Sam traced them with a finger and then drew away.
Lowering himself, Dean removes his fingers and seizes Cas’s cock, squeezing slightly as he begins slow strokes. He barely has to push at Cas’s cheeks to get access, the stirrups doing most of the work for him.  The way Cas’s ass is hanging off the edge of the table like it’s just about to fall into Dean’s waiting mouth, makes Dean hum in approval as he approaches it at eye level.
Castiel narrowed his eyes, looking at Dean in suspicion.  The hunter grinned, smirking at the dress shirt clinging to Castiel’s front, and went back to rinsing the car.  Then he promptly started drying it to avoid watermarks.  Dean should have known better than to turn his back on the angel, but he honestly wasn’t expecting a retaliation.
Relieved, Dean fervently parted his lips over Castiel’s and kissed and licked his mouth vigorously.  Then he brought his mouth to the dip where Castiel’s shoulder met his neck and he bit and tongued at the spot.  He wondered if it was possible to give the angel a hickey or if it would heal instantly despite Dean’s best efforts.  It was certainly worth the small gasp from Castiel and the tightening of his grip on Dean’s back.  Moving his one leg in between Castiel’s, Dean ground his hips and erection against the angel, while nudging with his knee to see if Castiel was as excited as he was.
Sam seemed to be doing okay.  He had woken up from his latest freak-out and appeared to be behaving more or less normally.  And honestly, Dean couldn’t hope for much more than that.  It was hard not to worry that Sam might get worse or that he was hiding problems from Dean, but Dean chose to believe his brother.  Sam knew how Dean was sick of lies and bullshit and he suspected his little brother was smart enough to tell him the truth.
to.  It was no secret that Dean enjoyed it—that they both did.  The evidence had been all over the couch and between Castiel’s thighs.  He had no idea what to do with that information.  So far Castiel had settled for ignoring it.
“At least let me ease the pain in your head,” Castiel requested, not liking to see Dean wincing as he pulled out of his boots and moved to lay properly on the bed.
They got on the road fairly early, despite their heated tryst in the bathroom, and Dean found himself in an exceedingly good mood.  They were making good time, Dean had eaten a decent breakfast with strong coffee, and Castiel’s unexpected boldness had been a huge turn on, even if it hadn’t ended the way Dean wanted it to.
really just full-on make-out in front of Sam and a ghost trying to kill me and it wasn’t another Nightmare on Elm Street scenario or whatever?”
Castiel did as he was told and raised his arms to embrace Dean.  After a moment, Castiel was leaning into the hug, letting some of his weight rest against Dean’s chest and he sighed contentedly against Dean’s neck.  The whole thing felt amazing and Dean was unwilling to let go of Castiel.  He was here, he was alive, he was
Initially, Sam considered that the love between Dean and Castiel might just be like the love between himself and Dean—a brother-like bond, but there was too much evidence that suggested otherwise.  Besides if Sam was a friend to Castiel, Dean was obviously more, far more.  But Dean was right, it hardly mattered if Castiel was off his rocker.  The angel had referred to them as his
Taking that as an invitation to examine Castiel, Dean stepped closer and Cas’ freshly applied cologne hit him like a smack in the face.  It made Dean think of a campfire, woods and smoke and warmth.  He wanted to lunge forward and assault Cas’ neck, but he settled for unnecessarily adjusting his perfectly straight tie and breathing him in.
He made the mistake of cooking them burgers for dinner one night and when Cas joined him on the couch, moaning around mouthfuls and complimenting Dean, he had to pull a pillow onto his lap and pretend he was using it as a tray for his plate.  When Castiel licked ketchup off a finger, Dean was reduced to thinking desperately unsexy thoughts to combat the bulge in his jeans.
Castiel had reacted much the way Sam imagined he would at being summoned under false pretenses. The angel was clearly irritated, that is until he was angry.
“I’m astonished.  Thank you—both of you,” Castiel looked between them and Dean was elated to look into his beautiful, blue eyes again.  This was
“Dammit, Cas.  I was looking for you, I got halfway to the registers.”  Dean looked from Castiel to the basket he had set on the floor.  “You okay?  The basket get too heavy?”
Castiel climbed off the bed and Dean could see him tremble.  He promptly sat on the other bed, facing Dean, and scrunched his eyes closed.  Castiel hung his head slightly, resting his forehead on his fingers, elbow on his thigh.
“You’re not listening to me, Sam.  I’m not mistaken.  You weren’t there.  It was just the two of them and it happened.  John would physically harm Dean.  Your brother accepted the beatings as punishment.  He never told you, but it’s true.”
While Dean spent his days searching for answers and options, Sam was occupied with a little project of his own.
“Cas, that’s enough,” Dean said, briefly touching his shoulder and finally getting the angel to break eye contact.
Castiel returned to the motel room, sitting by the window, at the table that Dean had pushed him onto the other night.  The angel slowly allowed himself to become absorbed in thought.
Their sweaty chests were heaving together and Castiel couldn’t think of a single reason why he would ever move from his current position—he couldn’t think much at all beyond his singular consuming thought of
Dean didn’t sound so certain.  “Because…we said so, and we’re the boss of you.”  Sam shot Dean a look and his brother hastily amended, “I mean…respectfully.”
It was all Dean had to say and it was clear who he was talking to, even though he couldn’t see Sam in the kitchen.  Either Sam was really quick or he had already been alerted to what was happening in the other room, because it only took a moment before he was thundering down the steps to the basement.  It amused Dean to think that Sam was now using the panic room the way it was intended, but that thought was quickly forgotten as Castiel was kissing him passionately again.
“…Sam?” Castiel spoke into the dark and silent room. An old building with high ceilings, maybe a warehouse.
“Sam, we gotta leave soon to get there and get ready in time to do this.  I’ll grab Bobby and pack up the car.”  He had looked at his watch the whole time and then strode purposefully out of the kitchen.
“What a fucking sight you are,” Dean said, trawling his fingers through the warm fluid and stuffing it back inside.  Castiel made a guttural sound in response as Dean fingered him and played with his slick rim.
“I definitely could have,” Dean affirmed with a grin.  “Cas was just trying to have my back, right, man?”
Normally, Dean would have been embarrassed that he had just dry-humped himself into coming in his pants, but he was far too dopily satisfied to care.  Castiel was new to sex and Dean was new to sex with men and angels and generally, virgins, so if they were starting with basics it was fine with Dean.  It was far from boring, Dean thought dimly, with his head still resting on Castiel’s shoulder.
He thought of the annoying texts Sam had sent him, warning him to be careful and not to rush Castiel.  It wasn’t fair that Sam got to be right, he wasn’t even there.
, Dean!  Believe me, I don’t want to think about it either.  But I mean, c’mon, Cas is my friend too, and what I did to him…. I never even got to apologize to him and he was still coming when you called and helping us out of jams like normal.  Did you even try to talk to him about it?  I mean, I can’t imagine he would talk to anyone but you.”
“Oh yeah, I forgot.” Sam hesitated, feeling a touch of sympathy.  “We have eggs.  I’ll make you some.”
Dean was literally, and figuratively, turning his back on Castiel and it was too painful to look upon Dean’s back instead of his face, hoping, uselessly, that he’d turn around and reconsider.  Castiel left.
Sam wasn’t sure he would be able to find somewhere to rent a movie.  When he asked about it at the motel office, the lady at the front desk explained that the rooms had DVD players because they had a collection of movies that guests could borrow.  Sam sifted through the outdated titles and picked two he thought Dean might appreciate.  His brother always liked to call him a nerd, but Dean made an alarming number of pop culture references because he loved movies.
“Shame Dean had to miss this. I think he might have enjoyed having you like this.” Castiel didn’t answer, but Sam thought he might have seen him cringe a little, ducking his head further. Sam laughed.
And maybe that was what Castiel needed to hear, because he closed his eyes after a moment and nodded once before saying, “I know.”
He loved the way Castiel responded to him, tuned into the slightest touch and how the angel finally seemed to abandon his rigid movements and the tirelessly pensive air he gave off.  It was like Castiel shut down his immense multi-layered consciousness to focus entirely on Dean.  He loved that after a bout of kissing the angel seemed a little dazed, like for all the unknowable information he was able to comprehend, he couldn’t quite believe that he had just been kissing Dean.  The hunter would have been happy to stun him further, but he had told Sam they were leaving, so he reluctantly ceased.
“I know you’re not delicate, Cas.  Or weak or anything like that.  You’re angry.  I get it.  And angry sex can be good, but...”  Dean shook his head.  Shit, if he kept talking he was going to make it sound like he
With Bobby’s extensive supplies and connections, it didn’t take too long to gather the various elements needed for the spell.  They did have to drive 9 hours and break into some rich guy’s house to get the final rare and expensive ingredient: Fulgurite—sand crystalized by lightening.  To save time, they proceeded with the ritual at the house they were already at.  As they prepped everything, Sam marveled at Dean, who had taken time to pick up pickle chips and a soda for Death.  Evidently, Death had proven himself to have a penchant for fried food, which Sam found hilarious.  But if Dean thought it might make him less pissed and keep them all alive, well, who was he to argue?
Dean ordered a drink immediately.  He deserved one after the day he had.  He ordered a beer for Castiel as well since it gave the angel something to do while they ate.  It was hard to be certain, but Dean thought the waitress made a surprised face when Dean told her what Cas was having.  In the future he’d have to tell Cas to order for himself.  That would definitely be more normal.  Sam ordered a beer as well and they both chose roast beef sandwiches when the waitress said it was their specialty.
Dean got up slowly, trying not to trip or fall off the narrow couch.  They gathered up their clothing and Dean brought in some wet paper towels to wipe themselves off.  Quietly, Castiel followed Dean upstairs to the bedroom Bobby had given him.  When they got into bed, neither of them bothered to wear anything besides boxers.  Dean savored the feel of Castiel’s skin against his and the way they were entwined together.  He fell asleep quickly.
“You really think this is necessary?  He looks weird enough already,” Dean asked, tapping the glasses in his hand and evaluating Castiel.
“You know, flying scares the crap out of me.  Flying in a plane,” he clarified.  “If I have to do it, I kind of freak.  I can’t really control the way I react.  Like I get tense and sweaty and I can’t calm down, can’t sit still.  I hate it, but it’s like a, um, a phobia.  Outta my control.  Now, maybe fear might get the best of you sometimes, but you’re a badass, Cas.  That hasn’t changed.  You’ll get past this eventually.
Castiel, he still felt like he had failed to protect him.  Dean couldn’t help but be reminded of how he had failed to protect Castiel from Sam.  His soulless brother could have killed Castiel if he had wanted to; they had an angel blade after all.
Looking for something to do, Sam got on his laptop to search for a new case, scrolling through news feeds.  Occasionally, he glanced over at his brother and the angel.   Dean had taken the sheet from his bed and modestly draped it over Castiel, who was lying on top of the blankets only in boxers.
Dean considered this.  He really hadn’t wanted Castiel anywhere near demons after he had found out the angel screwed the King of Hell out of a contract.  Crowley took his contracts seriously and the last time Dean had seen the demon he had been very willing to help them in their plan to have Death kill Castiel.  Dean thought Crowley might believe Castiel to be dead, since his temporary stint as ‘god’ had ended shortly after that.  He didn’t want some chance run-in with a demon to blow the angel’s cover.
Tangling a hand in Castiel’s hair, Dean kissed him and walked him a few steps backwards until he bumped into the table.  Castiel wanted to, he was asking Dean to fuck him and the hunter couldn’t resist the invitation.  Dean couldn’t mess this up.  He would go slow, pay attention, make sure Cas was ready.
Tilting his head about 30 degrees, Castiel responded, “There’s no need to thank me, Dean.  I’m always willing to share informa—”
Dean gave in and came with a moan, smothering his mouth over Castiel’s and quickly pumping into him.  He had a hand wound in Castiel’s hair as he jerkily moved against him.  Finally, Dean stilled his hips and released Castiel’s legs.  For a few moments Dean couldn’t move at all and he stayed where he was with his head resting close to Castiel’s neck. Listening to their slowing breathing, Dean felt Castiel’s gentle hands on his back.  Dean couldn’t stay inside Castiel any longer so he pulled out.  Exhausted, he moved to lie alongside Castiel, draping an arm and part of himself across his chest.  Castiel turned his head to look at him, sliding his arm around Dean’s waist.
Castiel was canting to the side in his precarious position. From the way his injured leg was trembling violently under minimal weight, Sam was certain Castiel would have collapsed the rest of the way if he hadn’t been holding the angel up.
Dean woke up feeling great.  He had awesome sex with Cas last night and the angel loved it and wanted to do it again.  Seeing the bright sapphire eyes that greeted him made he feel even better.  Dean lingered in bed holding Castiel and kissing him like some drippy over-sentimental sap.  The angel seemed more than happy with the attention though, so Dean decided it was okay and continued to kiss Castiel sweetly, holding his face.  Eventually, Sam was texting him so Dean forced himself out of bed.
They drove another hour before Dean stopped for fuel, water, and a bathroom, all human things that Castiel had no interest in.  Castiel was standing and leaning against the car looking skyward when Dean returned.
Looking uncomfortable, Sam turned his head and sat down, leaving Castiel with his arms uselessly held before him.
Dean sucked down a cup of coffee and ate some breakfast, contemplating what his brother might be planning.  It seemed odd that Bobby was going along with this scheme, usually he was very no-nonsense.  Whatever it was, evidently Castiel’s suit wasn’t appropriate, because he had dressed in the new t-shirt and jeans Dean had purchased for him—another request from Sam.
Dean finished his beer and paid the bill.  Together he and Castiel walked out front where Sam was pacing and talking to Bobby.  They returned to the motel and Sam disappeared into his room to search online for more information.  Unlike his brother, Dean was ecstatic to have avoided what would probably have been a whole day lost to researching.  Sam loved that sort of stuff though.
No, no, no, that wasn’t right at all.  Castiel couldn’t be blaming himself for what happened. Dean found his voice.
At least the wound was barely bleeding anymore.  Dean settled for covering it lightly with gauze once he was certain it was clean.
Cas.  Wait for me to come through the door, the ghancanaga will be distracted by me.  You’re much faster, so when you hear the door, come out and stab him from behind.”
Personal Note: So I've been trying to update this fairly regularly and I hope to continue to do so.  I'm currently writing chapter 17, so I'm trying to stay ahead of things to avoid having nothing to post, which would be a nightmare.  It's possible some updates may be delayed since my grandmother had been in the ICU for the past 12 days and she might be moved to hospice soon.  Also, I am supposed to go out of town to visit my sister this weekend.  So if the time between updates is longer than usual, I apologize.  But don't worry I won't abandon the story.
Sam tried to recover, “Um, so crazy year, huh? Heh.  I just talked to Bobby.  He told me everything that happened.”
“Sit on the bed,” Dean directed, with a slight push of his hand to Castiel’s chest and a nod at the bed.
As difficult as it seemed to have been for Dean to say, Castiel had spoken with certainty and would have repeated the words endlessly now that it seemed he was allowed to say them.  However, he knew it would only make Dean uncomfortable and so he resisted.  They laid together for a while longer, with Dean keeping his face tucked along Castiel’s neck.  Eventually, Castiel kissed him out of hiding and suggested they take a shower together which helped Dean perk up a bit and he was able to banish the insecurity from his face, replacing it with an easy grin.
Dean immediately regretted the levity of his statement, when Castiel looked up at him with disappointment in his eyes.
Castiel calmed and Dean stroked his hair, kissing his way around Castiel’s face.  The hunter wanted Castiel to feel safe with him, so he kept mild pressure on the arm holding him.  Recalling how scared he had been earlier, Dean thought it was reasonable to assume Cas had been afraid as well.  Probably for Dean first and then, once the angel had enough sense to worry about it, himself.
Sam wasn’t sure who was the more powerful of the two, but he found himself worrying for Castiel and his reckless hubris, which made no sense—they had asked Death to kill him after all.
Taking a couple steps back, Sam easily hopped over the flames and into the circle with the weakened angel. He laid the tip of the iron back into the flames and dropped the end he had been holding. The thud didn’t disturb Castiel who was motionless. Sam only wasted a moment marveling at the state of the truly powerful angel before him, essentially rendered helpless, before he knelt next to him.
“Well, we’re not exactly the Brady Bunch here, Cas, but it’s definitely not what you seem to think,” Sam defended, running a hand through his hair.
Dean’s reoccurring nighttime fantasy quickly starts to capture his attention during the day too.  He makes excuses to watch something else when Cas settles next to him on the couch, trying his hardest not to picture Cas in a hospital gown lying back on an examination table, dark hair stark against the flimsy white paper.  Following doctor’s orders to ruck the gown up around his waist, exposing long, lean legs and… it’s really starting to be a problem.
Eyes flashing, Sam abandoned the knife, climbing on top of Castiel, straddling him.  Without the threat of the knife, Castiel fought against Sam, but the hunter was bigger and currently stronger, with gravity on his side and it didn’t take him long to get Castiel’s wrists pinned above his head in one strong hand.  Sam cruelly dug his thumb into the stab wound by Castiel’s shoulder, causing him to cry out in pain.
Thinking about what Sam had said earlier, Dean tried to determine if Castiel was treating his brother differently then how he had in the past.  He thought Sam might be overreacting.  Castiel would still look at Sam and he spoke to him.  Sure, the angel didn’t say much, but he had never had terribly lengthy interactions with Sam in the past.
The suggestion sounded awesome to Dean.  Of course he’d been wanting to, and the thought of finally fucking Cas made him moan with desire as he slipped his tongue past the angel’s lips.  He dropped his hands to Castiel’s waist, pulling him closer.  Leaving only a smidgen of space between their mouths he asked, “You sure? You gotta keep talking to me.”
Castiel sighed. “I remember, Dean.  You caught me off guard.  I didn’t mean to get upset and shove you.”
“All right, Cas.  I know I said we’d do this your way, but you have to promise to say something if shit upsets you.  You don’t need to force yourself through anything you don’t like.  You got it?”
Castiel hands kept moving from Dean’s shoulders to his throat, his collarbone, then one wrapped around the back of his neck.  The angel’s touch and scent was surrounding Dean and he wished his shirt weren’t on so Castiel could have more bare skin to explore.  The slow drag of Castiel’s parted lips against his was soft and torturously satisfying.  When Castiel cautiously licked his way into Dean’s mouth, Dean had to restrain himself from devouring the angel with a moan.
Castiel nodded, “That should work.  And, Sam, your prayer.  Dean was right, I did forgive you. I do. I know it wasn’t really you.” Castiel paused and gripped his own forearms.  “Anyway, I’m the one who owes you an apology.  I’ve done terrible things.  I should have come to you and Dean for help sooner.  I’m sorry I broke the wall, Sam.  I’d fix it now if I could.  I was desperate to defeat Raphael.  I thought, maybe, if I succeeded you could forgive me.  And Dean.  But, now I know, I don’t deserve—“
Cas loosens both knots and opens his gown, revealing that he isn’t wearing anything underneath.  Skin that Dean has gotten intimately acquainted with greets him and he doesn’t miss the way Cas’s nipples harden at the exposure to the chilled air.  Instead of touching, Dean huffs breaths onto the end of his stethoscope to warm it up before placing it on his chest.
“Well, I should apologize to you too, Dean.  You went through a lot when I hurt Cas, you two are so close and—“
Castiel was immediately in front of him now and Dean stared up at him, noticing that his cobalt eyes were sorrowful.
Castiel leaned over Dean, licking his lips as he repeatedly drove himself fervently forward, pushing Dean into the mattress in the process.
“No,” Castiel said brusquely, crossing the room and removing his bothersome glasses.  He shut himself in the bathroom, feeling edgy as he heard Sam exit the room.  His only option was to wait and follow the plan.
Cas just tilts his head, confused and horny and probably really irritated that Dean took away his favorite snack.
Dean started to move forward when Castiel raised a hand to his arm to get his attention.  Looking back, Dean used a finger to make a shushing gesture that Sam wasn’t sure Castiel understood, but he didn’t speak, so he must have gotten it.  Castiel produced his angel blade which registered as slightly odd with Sam since he had seen the angel smite a vampire with his grace in the past.
Castiel turned his head slightly, breaking the connection between their lips with a breathless little noise.  Dean didn’t miss a beat, he kissed the corner of Castiel’s mouth, along his jawline, and down his throat, as Castiel breathed against his sensitive neck and ear.  Dean was busy kissing and licking Castiel’s collar bone when Castiel breathed his name.
“I, uh, made a lot of bad decisions and when I’m angry I can be stubborn as hell, you know that.  But I am sorry, and you’re important to me, Cas.  I shouldn’t have let things get so bad.”
“Yeah, I know.  …But you’re kind of a man.  Doesn’t matter, not the point,” Dean shook his head slightly.  “I, uh, it was nice.   I’m glad I, um, kissed you, even though you stopped it and I acted like an ass afterward.  And I should have asked you first.  It was stupid to just grab you like that.”
“Perfect,” he murmurs, taking a step back to fully appreciate the inviting sight of Cas decadently displayed solely for Dean’s perverse enjoyment.  And enjoy he would.
There were only five vampires left now and Sam heard Dean above him, thundering down steps and calling his name.  Castiel was brilliant with the blade and Sam wished he had another one to offer the angel.  With two he’d be unstoppable.  Sensing defeat one of the vamps fled for the stairs, but Dean was already hurtling down them and he furiously lopped off the creature’s head, following the body as it tumbled down the steps.  Dean’s eyes fell on Sam and he looked relieved for a second before he turned to help Castiel.  The angel dropped another vamp and looked distractedly at Dean since one of the vampires was headed towards him.  Sam saw one lunge at Castiel’s back while his attention was on Dean.
Dean reluctantly forced himself to sit up and get off the bed.  He hadn’t gotten changed earlier, so now he walked away from Castiel, pulling off his shirt to switch into a fresh one.  Shoving off his jeans, he wished he had brought another pair of sweats, but boxers would have to be good enough.
Bobby was a little too much to handle.  Dean flopped on the bed and covered his head with a pillow to muffle a groan, thinking it could be worth a cross-roads deal to undo the last five minutes of his life.
Dean hadn’t been expecting that at all and he looked at Castiel with concern.  They were silent for a minute or two while Dean contemplated what to say to a suicidal angel.  Dean wasn’t unfamiliar with the concept.  There were a few low points in his life where he had been surrounded by the crushing weight of despairing thoughts and the idea of giving up and ending everything had been appealing.
They were arranged in a similar fashion to the night before with Dean on his back and Castiel nestled into his side, with one arm across him.  Dean slowly curled a hand around Castiel’s waist and brought his other arm across to rest on his back.
, Cas!  So impatient. I’m gonna fucking give it to you,” Dean promised, seizing his hips again and banging them furiously together.
“I’m glad you’re okay, Cas,” Dean began, licking his lips.  “I thought you might die. Let me finish,” Dean warned.  “I’m still angry about Sam, but I know you regret it, and I know that idiot already forgave you.   And I’m sorry too.  I should have tried to listen when you wanted to explain.  Maybe this would have ended better—”
The fish appeared after a few minutes and Castiel leaned forward with his hands on his knees to get a closer look.  Dean watched them too, but he also watched Castiel, amused by his rapt attention.  Shifting his weight, Dean made to step closer to Castiel, but his foot slipped on the muddy bottom and he landed on his ass with a splash.
“I believe I should be mostly healed within a day or two from this time,” Castiel suggested as Dean dropped his hand to rest it on his shoulder.  Dean gripped Castiel’s shoulder as the angel gazed up at him, before lifting his hand to briefly touch the back of it to Castiel’s cheek.
“Yeah, I see that,” Dean said struggling to keep his eyes on the man’s face.  “You kind of forgot pants, Cas.”
Feeling along Castiel’s chest, Dean moved his hand lower, past his stomach and into his sweatpants.  Dean was momentarily shocked that Castiel wasn’t wearing boxers underneath.  That was a new development.  He wanted to know what prompted that decision, but couldn’t bring himself to interrupt the deep kiss Castiel was indulging him with.  Instead, he rubbed his palm against Castiel’s increasingly interested cock, thinking of the fact that the angel had been going commando in
“You know, you don’t have to keep tabs on us, Cas.  Between the three of us we can handle trouble.  Dean or I will call if we run into anything bad.”
“This case, Dean.  I told you about the guy, Berry, supposedly being in two places at once.  Held up a liquor store, outran the cops, but was also at home with his wife and a broken ankle?”
“I didn’t really think that.  I’m just trying to figure out what the hell we’re talking about here,” Dean said as he sat on the bed and began removing his boots.
Dean forced himself to turn his head and look at Castiel.  Perhaps, that was a mistake.  The sight of Castiel made Dean hyper-aware of how close they were.  They weren’t quite touching, but their shoulders were dangerously close.  Castiel’s big, blue eyes were very difficult to look away from and, if Dean were honest with himself, he didn’t want to.
Unbidden, thoughts of what happened the last time Sam had put his fingers in his mouth sprang into Castiel’s mind and he scrambled to pull Sam’s arm away from his face.  Castiel knew he was panicking, but he couldn’t help it and he bit down on Sam’s fingers.
. Sam was the researcher, Dean was a man of action.  He could do this.  He knew what men liked, well, what he liked.  And at least Cas might not know if he was terrible.
“Cas,” Dean breathed, hardly daring to believe it.  The angel was still without his jacket and coat, but it was unmistakably him.  Dean dashed over, slowing before he got too close.
When he had first woken up Dean didn’t know what direction they’d be driving in that day, but Bobby had solved that dilemma by calling with a case while they were at breakfast.  So they set out for Oklahoma.  It was a long trip, twelve hours on the road, but Dean crammed it all into one day.  Sam and Castiel took turns sitting up front, but Dean refused to relinquish the keys.
Looking down at himself, Castiel pulled the edges of his coat closer together and then crossed his arms, hugging his elbows.  “I don’t mind.  I’d rather keep them on.”
Sam finally realized it wasn’t Lucifer saying his name.  It was Bobby, and it was a relief to set eyes on him.
Dean is dressed like a doctor and wearing boots Cas recognizes from the melodrama as belonging to the main character, Dr. Sexy.   He’s using a stethoscope on a shirtless Dream Cas in an examination room straight from the set of the show.  The scene unfolds and Sleeping Dean and Dream Dean are both aroused through all the superfluous touching administered in the name of medicine.
“Okay, then.  Good,” Dean said, getting out of the car.  He went into the motel room with Castiel right behind him.  Then a weird thought struck Dean.
When Dean woke up the next morning it was earlier than he’d gotten up in a while.  He felt like shit.  It had taken him too long to fall asleep and then he’d drifted in and out of nightmares he hadn’t had in weeks.  Previously, Dean hadn’t made the association between Castiel and how he’d been sleeping well and was suddenly nightmare free, but now it seemed obvious.  He glanced at Castiel, who was dressed and sitting at the small table.  The angel had a book open in front of him, but he was looking off in a different direction.
“Um, whatever you’d like to say? What you’re feeling?” Dean suggested, ignoring how much he sounded like Sam. Then Dean realized he was leaving out important information.
Castiel implored them one last time to go home and leave him to his plan against Raphael, but Dean refused and left Castiel no choice.  He promised to fix Sam afterwards, if they stood down, and then Castiel broke the wall in Sam’s head.
His assessment was correct and Castiel surged forward, still half in his shirt, and kissed Dean decisively.  The glorious feel of Castiel’s warm chest against his was pleasantly arousing, but Dean was already plenty hard, driven mad by Castiel’s insistent movements.  Not wanting to come in his pants again, Dean gripped Castiel around his waist and maneuvered them both so that the angel was on the couch on his back with Dean above him.
“Nah, just the usual crap.  I could never quite swallow dad’s bullshit the way Dean does.  Just wanted to clear my head,” Sam said, leaning against the trunk of the Impala.
“Things good with Dean?”  Sam asked, rotating his beer bottle on the table.  He wasn’t sure why he was asking.  Honestly, he really didn’t want to know, but if Castiel needed a friend to talk to, Sam could try to fill that role.
“You’re going to enjoy this, Castiel,” Sam whispered.  Then some of Sam’s weight was pressing against him as he leaned over to lick at the angel’s neck, grazing his teeth and biting at the sensitive burn mark while Castiel squirmed beneath him.
“Sure, Dean.  They, um, they’re the best looking apology cupcakes I’ve ever seen,” Castiel assured him.
Castiel put his bowl in the sink.  “I’ll remember that,” he said, rolling his eyes and walking away.
A long white lab coat is hanging on a hook from the door.  Just underneath it is a pair of cowboy boots.
He also mended Dean’s shredded t-shirt without being asked.  Dean hadn’t been too concerned about that.  He’d be willing to increase his clothing budget if Castiel decided to continue undressing him that way.
Dean spun around, a little startled at the promptness and how immediately behind Dean Castiel had been standing.  Without thinking, Dean said, “Cas, get out of my ass.”
“Riight, well, I was just trying to play pool and those douchebags started talking shit.  I really think they were just looking for a fight.”
“Actually, that fits the lore, Dean,” Sam said quietly, before sipping his coffee.  “He’s usually seen with a pipe, but he doesn’t smoke it, it just makes him seem more suave.  And he likes to sit by fireplaces.  Plus, I think you’d have to, like, engage him to be irresistibly drawn in.  That’s the impression I got.”
“Of course, I care, Dean. I had already bought all this stuff when you called.  I just thought the coffee would help you wake up.” Sam held out the coffee to Dean, trying to look apologetic, and added, “How’s he doing?”
He did feel a lot better.  It had been a little embarassing to him that the ghancanagh had infected him so easily.  He remembered everything that had happened.  Things had been going well in the café as he boldly smooth-talked a man, but it had only taken one touch from the creature for Dean to lose control.  After that he could only remember his actions and feeling a blissful sense of peace with underlying flashes of lust and devotion.  All he had wanted was to do whatever that damn fae suggested.  At the time it had been extremely satisfying, but when Castiel had killed the bastard, Dean felt like all his subdued emotions had come rushing over him all at once.
“No, Cas,” Dean said, a little sternly, no doubt annoyed at his own stupidity for making Castiel feel unwanted.  “You’re staying with us.  I’m just being an idiot.”  Dean turned to walk towards their room and waved his hand, gesturing for Castiel to follow him.  “Let’s go.”
“We were all in the car looking for somewhere to stop, Sam.  Not my fault this is one of the only places open in this town.”
“Cas is never coming back. He has lied to us, he used us, he cracked your gourd like it was nothing.  No more talk.  We have spent enough on him.”
Dean and Castiel start the long drive back to Bobby's.  This is the longest chapter I've written yet!  So enjoy. :-)
Trying to ignore the dread that had been tugging at him, Dean prayed to Castiel, keeping it light and the angel appeared before them almost immediately.
a mistake. That’s a fact.” Dean was raising his voice.  “And it didn’t mean anything.  Doesn’t matter.  So just forget about it.”
Sadly, the Wild West left something to be desired.  No one liked their clothes, the saloon girls were best left untouched, and the whiskey tasted like gasoline.  Dean was able to get some new threads, but failed to get the phoenix ashes in time.
Dean shifted with Castiel’s movements, overwhelmed by the dual sensations of the angel’s mouth and fingers.
Dean could feel the tension in Castiel’s legs subside as he continued to blow him, slow and easy.  Letting his tongue rest, Dean jerked Castiel until the angel moaned his name.  Certain Castiel was ready, Dean gingerly began adding a second finger, taking his time and returning his mouth to the angel’s cock as a distraction.
Sam was the same as the Sam that had attacked him. He looked the same.  The clothing.  Sam was wearing the same exact outfit he had been wearing when he trapped Castiel and hurt him. The same combination of shirts and pants.  Castiel didn’t know what to do.  He pushed his chair back like he was going to stand up, but he couldn’t make his legs move.  It looked like Sam and Bobby were talking to one another, but Castiel couldn’t hear them.
Just like that, the easy sleep that had been ready to claim Dean disappeared.  He felt uncomfortable and eventually rolled onto his back, staring at the ceiling.  A few minutes later Castiel rolled around so he was facing Dean, but he didn’t move closer.  Dean could feel Castiel watching him, but he resisted saying anything and closed his eyes.  He couldn’t understand why he was having such difficulty falling asleep and the longer it took the more irritated he got.  After a while he glared angrily at the clock to see he had been trying to get comfortable for nearly an hour.  That was friggin’ great.  Insomnia was just what he needed.
Castiel was positioned slightly above Dean, with one hand splayed on Dean’s jaw and neck and the other in his hair, tilting the hunter’s head so he could kiss him more deeply.
Dean tugs on a new pair of gloves, messing up the second one spectacularly in his distraction since Cas is spreading his legs and arranging his heels in the stirrups.  The damn thing ends up ripping and Dean has to go for a new one.
Dean was looking over his shoulder at Sam and his father talking together, and Castiel thought it might be somewhat insensitive of him to dredge up past unpleasantness and spoil their reunion.
Castiel could feel Bobby’s eyes on him again and he attempted to wrangle his expression into a neutral one.  The hunter needn’t be concerned over such trivial irritants.  He was fine.
Sam watched Dean and Castiel disappear into their room and he realized that he really did regret missing out on the fun the two of them had had together.  It was important that he go to the library, since
Castiel was a little surprised to see that he wasn’t as hard as he had been.  He didn’t know how that had happened, but he touched himself and thought of Dean anyway.
“You sick son of a bitch!” Dean had grabbed fistfuls of Sam’s shirt and shoved him back against the car.
For something to do, Dean pulled off his t-shirt, but then felt dumb sitting there without a shirt.  Well, maybe it would help divert the conversation.
Dean moved to kiss Castiel’s neck and clumsily unfastened the top two buttons of his dress shirt, so he could drag his tongue down to Castiel’s collar bone.  Seizing the back of Dean’s shirt, Castiel pulled it up and off of the hunter, discarding it carelessly.  Then his warm hands were all over Dean, carding through his hair, dragging down his back, and curiously brushing his nipples.
They summoned Crowley, hoping the King of Hell would be able to get them the spell they needed.  Fortunately, after he got over his initial displeasure at being trapped by the hunters, the demon was fairly cooperative and eager to conspire against Castiel. He got them the spell they were demanding.
