Cas never wanted much from life – a job that fulfills him, his own space, enough free time to read, maybe house with a garden someday. He likes to be on his own and can spend hours looking at a wall and daydream. The kind of happiness he saw in others always seemed like a distant dream. A dream he stopped himself from dreaming years ago.
Even now he hoped they could be this close again. When he let his mind drift, it fled to images of him and Cas in a tight embrace, keeping each other warm and safe. Their closeness hadn’t felt wrong. Their friendship was grounded in this comfort.
Dean kept his promise. He is down by the bar to meet up with his friend Charlie, and Cas wonders if he will spend the night alone after all and Dean will find shelter in this Charlie’s room. He doesn’t like the fierce stab of jealousy that thought causes. Dean is not his type, he’s loud and sassy and thinks his charms will get him whatever he wants. Cas’ thoughts shouldn’t keep drifting back to the sight of Dean’s broad back or the way the corners of his eyes crinkle when he laughs.
His hands tremble when he pulls on his pants and slips into his shoes. The shirt is missing three buttons so he doesn’t bother with it, just puts on his t-shirt. When he tugs it over his head, he catches a look at himself in the mirror. His hair is a mess, his eyes wide and shining, his skin pale with shock under the harsh light. He looks like he just saw a ghost.
Ellen smirked and her tone fell back into the usual grumpiness. “Well, not now. Bring the new ham to the meat cellar, will you?”
He sits down on the bed, knees weak all of a sudden. He is so completely out of his depth here, he feels like he’s drowning. What is he supposed to do? Go down there and have breakfast with Dean as if nothing happened? He can’t do that. He can’t. Can he?
“Castiel Novak,” he bites through his teeth. One vacation in ten years and this is what happens. He wants to punch something.
Dean shakes his head, more to get Lucifer’s hands off him than to negate his questions. He’d rather die than let Lucifer know he’s asked himself those exact questions. Considering the grim outlook he’s facing, he might just get his wish.
Cas is no better off. His suit had grown a myriad of new wrinkles, forming an uneven landscape that no iron in this world will ever get straight again.
Cas is pretty sure it’s a violation of the privacy policy, but the clerk seems absolutely unable to withstand that guy’s charm.
“I apologize in advance,” he has time to say before Gabe’s voice thunders through the house, calling him.
“After this morning you thought I could withstand your charm for a whole day? I’m flattered by your confidence,” Cas shoots back and feels the corners of his mouth curl in to an answering grin. His lips still tingle from Dean’s stubble. They must look as puffed and well-used as Dean’s.
Dean rounded Garth and sat down close to the wall. Castiel waited for the others to quiet down. Two seconds later, the room fell silent.
When the tremors slowly subside, he steps back, unsure if he should apologize. He meets Castiel’s gaze through the blur of tears. Something moves in the blue depths, and for a second, Dean is fooled, lets himself be fooled, and he reaches out and cradles his palm around the angles of a too-familiar jaw. The stranger with the face of Castiel inhales sharply at the touch, his eyes go wide, and Dean lets his hand drop.
Charlie’s eyes are wide and full of sympathy. Cas has to look away, because the pressure behind his eyes rises again and his throat feels like he’s being strangled.
“And we said, God is the perfect being that cannot even be thought better. But we can think of a better being than the nonexistent God.”
“Nothing. I just thought that we both aren’t very good at this.” He indicates the rest of the room, full of couples whispering and laughing, and while the PDA is kept to a minimum, the nature of the acquaintances is blatantly clear.
Cas crowds even closer, invades Dean’s personal space like he hasn’t done in years. It never failed to get a reaction out of Dean. Cas reasons it will work now, too.
“Nothing.” Cas looks down on his folder, rearranges his pen in a straight angle to the edge of his desk.
Cas didn’t seem to be affected like the other brothers. He brought his books to Dean’s sickbed during his study hours and read to him to pass the time. Dean was thankful for the distraction. Not being able to move and being alone for long hours made him grumpy and miserable.
Cas has never been good at taking orders, but he finds that he doesn’t mind following Dean’s, not when it shuts Dean up like that. Dean’s erection is a heavy weight on his tongue. He’s done this before but for some reason it feels like the first time. Dean’s reactions to everything he does heightens the experience into something completely new. Dean’s vocal about it, too, a fact that Cas learns to love, and he maps out every sound that falls from Dean’s lips, proud that he’s the reason. His tongue against Dean’s frenulum results in gasped out groans; when he dips into the slit he’s rewarded with a sweet sigh; when he opens his jaw wide and sinks down, down, down, until the head nudges his throat, broken, hoarse curses tumble out of Dean.
“Look at me, Cas. I know you want to. I can feel it,” he murmured, shocked by his own brazenness. He knew he would feel shame later for his behavior, but right now Cas’ hot skin and his trembling body filled his whole world. Dean rocked against him slowly, encouraging him to reciprocate. Their cocks slid together once more.
Lucifer holds a simple whisky hamper under Castiel’s throat, not the a golden trinket that’s used for this kind of ritual on the other side, and it bugs Dean for some reason, as if it’s an insult to Castiel. When there’s two finger of grace filling the glass, the flow slows until it’s only a trickle. The wound closes.
They look at each other for long moments. Cas has the disconcerting feeling that it’s him who is measured and tested here, not the other way around. He’s letting Winchester get under his skin and he doesn’t like it. Cas is used to be in control of the situation and now he’s letting go of that control out of curiosity to learn more about this man. The silence stretches while Cas tries to reign in his bubbling fury and the urge to somehow make Winchester talk and divulge his secrets.
Cas gulps down the last drops from the bottle and sinks into the cushions of the seat, in the vain hope they might swallow him. He’s had a few low points in his life but this might actually be the worst. He knows why he keeps away from people. Emotions are messy. In law, there’s right and wrong, black and white. Sometimes it’s hard to find out the truth but there are rules and precedents and he knows his way around them. Here, he feels like swimming in dark and muddy waters. He wants to reach out and crawl into Dean’s arms. He wants to get out of the car and never look back, never feel like this again.
Cas’ heart swells with the words, and he regrets his offhand reaction. Dean’s breathing evens out while Cas still ponders what he could say in answers. His lids grow heavy. Despite the stickiness of his cushion and the way the soft hairs on Dean’s thigh tickle him, he’s actually quite comfortable. The warm afterglow of his orgasm makes his limbs heavy. “You too,” he murmurs at last, and he’s too tired to feel silly about it. It’s true, even if it’s by far not all Cas could say about Dean.
His eyes adjusted. Castiel crouched in front of him, his face a mask of concern. Soft light came from the dozen candles in the altar room. They gave Castiel a soft halo and Dean had to smile at the image. Cas had the face of an angel, he thought, a compassionate and intelligent being that could not be fully understood by a mere human like Dean.
Cas growls in answer and tugs again. “I’ve been very, very dumb, and I apologize, but right now…” He looks up into Dean’s eyes, lets out a steadying breath. “I can’t believe you’re here. I just need to…”
Bradbury does as ordered. Winchester is brought before Cas the next morning. He’s wearing the same black clothes as the last times Cas saw him, rumpled now and smelling like booze and small dark rooms with too many unwashed men in it. Cas curls his nose.
When he looks up, he wishes he hadn’t. Castiel is shackled to a wall. His wings hang limp and broken down his back. Deep gashes on his chest, barely closing in his weakened state. Dean swallows his gasp at the sight. His stomach turns.
Cas nods in a short jerking motion, before the content of the question even registers. “I could do that.” His throat is tight and dry. He’s still half-hard and willfully ignoring the way his shorts flow around his groin, how the fabric shifts against him in the tiniest of caresses, how much he wants to pull Dean close again.
Dean waves the apology away. He glances toward the open living room at the other end of the hall. “Are you hungry?” He rubs a hand down his face. “Probably not.” Dean looks unsure and nervous and somehow that makes it easier for Cas.
Cas looks over at them, then at Grace who started a conversation with Sam in Dean’s absence. What a relief – she will be so glad when Dean returns after having to listen to Sam’s boring stories. When Dean turns back to Cas, he finds him still staring at Grace.
He should care about the image they make in broad daylight in the middle of the pool, and he should care about the fact that this feels so much more profound than a playful hook-up, but all he cares about is the way Dean’s fingers curl around his shoulder blades and how he tastes like coffee, chlorine and sunlight.
“Sam Winchester, I’m so excited to finally meet you, Mr Novak,” Dean’s brother says and Cas plasters on a benevolent smile.
“That’s always been your problem, Cassy. Too much heart. It’s a good thing you’re both going to die here. It’s kinda romantic, don’t you think?”
Lucifer spares him a sideway glance. If he’s surprised by the sudden interest in his plans, he doesn’t show it. “I’m glad you ask, Dean-o. See, for all its bleakness and pitiable lack of entertainment, I’ve grown fond of this place. A whole world just waiting for a king to bring order to its chaos, a strong hand to teach those crawling hordes a little respect. It’s like hell, but with so much more possibilities, you know?”
Another stroke. The thick head of Dean’s cock vanishes in Dean’s broad fist. Dean squeezes and lets out a choked sigh.
Dean’s smile falters. Finally. He must have realized how ridiculous this is. There had to be another solution.
Dean felt his throat tighten all of a sudden. Unable to get a word out, he nodded. When Cas was gone, he didn’t even know what he would have said.
He feels like he could burst any moment, more turned on than he’s been in a long time, but he’s unable to tell Dean, or do something about it other than push into Dean’s touch. Dean seems to sense his need, and tightens his hand with a low chuckle against his lips. He turns his head slightly to mouth along Cas’ jaw and along the sensitive spot behind his ear.
On a cold morning in February, Zachariah addressed a new topic. A house full of adolescent boys led to one problem in particular.
Cas says it casually, as if that had been what Dean meant. And – that hadn’t been what he meant, not at all, he didn’t even know Cas was interested, well, in sex in general, in men slightly less general, and – Dean in particular.
Cas tries to reciprocate but his work as a lawyer gives him less options to talk about clients. He takes his confidentiality very serious. That leaves him with stories about his brother, since his own private life could be labeled as “boring to non-existent”. When Dean laughs his booming full-body laugh as Cas recollects the evening where he found his brother in his flat, naked, covered in chocolate, handfeeding a pair of twins with strawberries, Cas wonders for a moment how Dean could ever find him interesting. He is sure that Dean could tell him stories about escapades like that, ones he himself participated in, while Cas sat in his office and went over the same case for the hundredth time to find a weak spot.
Sam made it his habit long ago to state the obvious when nobody else seems inclined to. In these matters, Dean tends to be a little dense. “Have you considered asking him?”
The boarding house is picturesque with its well-kept gardens and the porch painted in soft pastels. A little too tidy for Cas’ taste, just like the whole town with the neat cardigans and the perfectly coiffed hairstyles. There’s something off about it, and not just because there’s obviously something wrong with Charming Acres. During his years with the Winchesters Cas learned that he liked the little imperfections that made a thing – or a person – unique. Dean makes fun of him for his crooked tie and the wrinkled suit all the time. What Dean doesn’t know is, that Cas is perfectly capable of ironing his trench coat and straightening his tie, but he prefers them just the way they are. Dean also doesn’t have to know how much Cas enjoys it when Dean touches him to smooth his clothes and
"Sadly, I do," Cas shoots back, but the effect is ruined by the small moan that slips in at the end of the declaration.
Dean pulse slowed down and his breath evened out eventually. Warm and sated, he cherished the moment of peace and the fact that he could share it with Cas. With a silly kind of happiness bubbling through him, at first he thought Cas was laughing when he felt him trembling in his arms.
He kneels down on the bed and moves over Dean’s body, not touching yet, until he’s bracketing Dean’s hips with his thighs and holds up his upper body with his hands next to Dean’s head. Dean leans up to capture Cas’ lips again, and it’s more hungry this time, darker and sensual, and Cas gasps when Dean’s teeth sink into his lower lip and bite him, just this side of painful. Dean tugs on his shirt, and he falls down onto Dean’s waiting body, close from head to thighs, the contact shocking a moan out of him.
An hour later, Cas can’t say for sure his time with Dean ever happened. Could he have imagined it all? Is he losing his mind? He rips small pieces from the label in his bottle – a task that’s taking all his concentration at this point – and tries to remember the details of their time together. They come in bits and pieces after he denied himself to think about it for so long. The color of Dean’s eyes. The small wrinkles when he smiled. His smell. The softness of his skin.
“Sam -,” Dean tries but is talked over. “Sammy. Look, I don’t have the time or energy right now to explain, but yes, I know him, and yes, I’m gonna get him home. Save your questions for tomorrow alright?”
Cas nods, slowly, and his head feels heavier with each motion. He saddles his horse in silence, rides out in the early hours of the morning while mist still wafts over the wheat fields.
Cas collapses on top of him, uncaring about the mess between them and nuzzles into Dean’s neck with a contented sigh. Dean wraps his arms around him, lips against Cas’ soft, sweat-slick hair, rubs a hand along his back while they catch their breath. Their hearts slow down until they beat in one steady rhythm against each other.
When his pulse slows down and his head clears, he searches himself for doubts, sure he will come across a thousand arguments to not go up to Dean’s floor, not to knock on Dean’s door. What he finds, though, is excitement, and curiosity, and want. He wants to know what this day, the next night will bring.
“Why now?” he asked, and when Dean shot him a confused look, he elaborated. “Your mother died when you were ten, but your father sent you here last year.”
Now there’s no mistaking that Cas is, in fact, smiling. That asshole. Cas takes another step closer, until his chest almost bumps against Dean’s. Dean can feel the warmth from Cas body on his skin, and Cas’ breath on his face when Cas keeps talking like he’s having a normal conversation.
Glimpses of his humiliation come back to him, each one sharp, like a knife to his skull. He groans. Another bang rings from the kitchen.
Cas mumbles something. Without turning away from his new companion, Dean asks, “Cas, why don’t you stop bickering and take a look around. Maybe you’ll meet someone you like?”
Dean gets lost in the wet glide of their bodies, pleasure curling around his spine in ever tighter circles. The light buzz from the drinks, the soft light and the sounds of the night give it all a surreal quality. The way Cas grinds down on him is a steady, achingly perfect torture.
Cas leans back against the tiles, muscles loose like jelly, and looks up to meet Dean’s eyes. The green is nothing more than a thin circle around his dark irises and his gaze is unsteady. Cas’ hand is still on Dean’s neck and he squeezes, just a little bit, just to gauge Dean’s reaction. Dean’s mouth drops open around a groan, so Cas does it again.
Cas hunches up his shoulders at the tone but there’s absolutely no clue of what he’s thinking to be garnered from his features. Cas would make an awesome poker player, if there was time to teach him.
“A few scholars believe it to be the effect of an overactive imagination and deep emotions,” Cas told him in a voice that betrayed his unease.
Dean puts the plate in his hand down on the table very slowly, carefully. “Oh.” He looks around and turns off the stove, wipes his hands on a towel and straightens his back. “I wanted to make breakfast, but if you’d rather … I mean, I’ll go …”
Gabe has the good sense to look offended and plasters on a sincere expression. “I am serious,” he says. There’s a moment of silence in which some kind of nonverbal exchange between older brothers happens. They seem to come to an understanding, reluctant respect visible on Gabe’s face, and then Gabe nods and Dean nods back.
“Please, call me Castiel. I’m glad you chose our firm and I’m looking forward to working with you.” The handshake ends, and Cas feels like he’s just run a mile. He barely stops himself from wiping his hand on his pants, sure it will be sweaty. “If you’ll excuse me, I have a lot of work to catch up on.”
“I don’t like this,” he grumbles while he snatches the only menu and begins to flip the pages as if they personally offended him.
Dean grasps Cas’ hand and tugs it tighter against his chest, weaving their fingers together right above his heart. Cas turns his face so he can press his lips into the valley of Dean’s spine and breathes deep, inhales Dean’s scent. He feels warm and heavy with quiet contentment and closes his eyes again to cherish the closeness a while longer.
Mrs Smith looks from Dean to Cas and back before she busies herself at the bar, filling glasses with different clear liquids and what looks like olives. Cas never had a martini, because Dean does not believe in mixing alcoholic beverages. In the bunker, guests may choose between beer and whiskey. If Cas needed more proof that Dean is not himself, that he isn’t just messing with him, he has it now. When Mrs Smith hands him his drink, Cas takes out the toothpick and downs his glass in one go.
When he goes over to the bed, he finds a note. The handwriting is neat and the letters well-rounded. Cas takes a second to admire it before he forces himself to read and learn what Dean has to say about this morning.
Cas groans at that and bucks into the tunnel of Dean’s hand. God yes, he wants that, with a desperation that shocks himself. His thighs are trembling with the need to come and he looks down the length of their bodies, his own cock red and leaking, Dean covered in his own come, soft dick half tugged in his stained panties. Cas watches as Dean picks up speed, jerks him in that perfect pace.
“I…” his voice cracks, and he starts again. He’s just not ready to say it yet. “I wanted to bring you back safely.”
Cas looks over to his bedroom window. It must be at least 9, as high as the sun is standing over his backyard. He comes to unsteady feet, lets the coldness of the floor soak into his soles.
Lucifer laughs. “Ah Dean, always getting so attached to hopeless cases. I’d thought you learned something from the last time I killed your precious angel.” He shakes his head, still smiling that disgustingly sweet smile.
Sam would eat that shit up, Dean thinks, and smiles a little, careful not to reopen the cut on his lip. For all the years he spent hunting monsters, Dean was never one to ponder the theoretical ins and outs apart from what he had to know to kill something. Of all times to start diving into it, this was definitely not the best one.
that will haunt him for the rest of his life. He’s nearly running when he reaches the library, but smiling nonetheless. The leather-bound book is still open where he left it. He marks the page and puts it in his backpack.
The next weeks fly past in a flourish. Cas goes over the sparse reports his predecessor left and rebuilds some kind of order in his troops. A few men listed in his books never reported for duty, but Cas can work with what he has. Bradbury proves himself his best asset. Quick-witted and well-connected with the locals, he is Cas’ eyes and ears in town. When Cas asks him to gather information on Winchester without causing suspicion, his eyes light up.
Cas concentrated on logic even more than usual, and although Dean’s brain hurt from the twists and turns of the arguments, he enjoyed challenging his mind. At the moment, they learned about the arguments for God’s existence, and Cas’ eyes shone with enthusiasm when they came to the ontological argument. He stood in front of the class and rubbed his hands together is if he was about to take the first bite out of a tasty pie.
“Put your head between your knees and try to breathe shallowly,” Cas told him, concern clear in his voice. Dean obeyed and waited for the fog to clear. Cold sweat broke out on his neck.
He runs a hand over his own chest, flushed a deep red, and circles his right nipple, hums low at the feel of it.
John seemed to debate saying more, but in the end he just nodded, dug his heels into the flanks of his mare and left. Dean took a deep breath, before he led his horse to the stable to take care of her. He leaned against the warm flank for a minute or two, letting the choking lump of self-pity rise in his throat. He would not give in to the tears that pricked at the corners of his eyes. Straightening, he steeled himself. Time to face his future head-on.
“No, no, it’s alright. I just woke up. Huh? Yeah.” Cas can hear the muffled sound of another voice over the speaker.
“Dean,” he chokes put, and maybe it’s a warning, but Dean ignores it, just hums that content hum again, the one that makes Cas so very helpless. He comes with thunderclap, so hard he blacks out for a second and his ears are ringing with the force of it. Dean works him through it, whispering hoarse endearment Cas can’t quite make out through the roaring in his heartbeat.
Cas still wonders how he can use his newfound knowledge how to make Dean squirm, when Dean grabs Cas’ by the neck and pull him forward into a deep kiss. Dean
“But that’s just it, sir. Winchester only has a room there. I asked a few of the girls about him and they say none of them ever … uhm.” Bradbury’s face turns a dark shade of red. “Isn’t that peculiar, sir?”
They towel off in silence. Cas‘ mind is sluggish from the mind-blowing orgasm he just had, but after a while, the whole journey that led them here comes back to him. There’s a still a lot to talk about, but the mere fact that Dean is here and by his side feels like a miracle, so Cas just basks in it while he can.
“Hey, Cas!” a familiar voice says. He turns, bone-weary, to face Charlie. The smile on her features vanishes when she takes in his appearance.
The cafeteria is a wide and open space with modern furniture in soft earthy tones, and it’s packed. When he weaves his way through the tables, he realizes he has to take Dean up on his offer – he wouldn’t find a seat otherwise. He looks over the heads of the other guests until his gaze catches on a mop of red hair. The head with said hair snaps around when he approaches and reveals the face of a young woman with a bright and cheery smile. Next to her sits Dean, a slight blush on his cheeks and a careful smile around his lips, gorgeous just like Cas remembers.
, Dean thought, and Cas whimpered into the skin of his neck before he tensed and came in hot spurts over Dean’s balls and thighs. The thought of Cas’ release dripping from his heated skin, filthy and oh so forbidden, staining and marking him with proof that Cas was just as lost as he was, sent Dean over the edge without warning. Back arched, hands still fisted in Cas’ hair, he threw back his head and cried out. Wave after wave of pleasure had him shaking, while Cas’ body blanketed and tethered him.
“So if someone says ‘God doesn’t exist’, we can say that the God that exists is better, more perfect than the one that doesn’t exist, right?”
“Look, man, I promise I’ll be a perfect gentleman. There’s no need to panic like that. I’ll be out this evening and will get out of your hair first thing in the moment.” His face turns soft with empathy, and Cas wants to scream (
Dean’s shoes, well-worn dark brown work boots with one of the black laces frayed at the end, – what an interesting detail to notice –, are the last thing Cas sees before his eyes squeeze shut.
“Please,” Dean whimpered, and Cas, finally, opened his eyes. Blue, darkened by lust, captured Dean’s gaze and held it. Dean had waited so long to have that focus on him, he had dreamed about Cas’ stare and the power it held. Now he wondered if he would drown in it, if Cas would just take away everything he was and replace it with this all-consuming want.
He smiles more easily, now that Sam explained the soul-travelling to him and he can make sense of the memory flashes that seem to come more often and get clearer by the day. Sam thinks it’s because Cas doesn’t fight the intrusive thoughts anymore but accepts them. It’s weird to watch that transition. One minute Cas is not!Cas and surprises them with recollections of battles they weren’t a part of, or cocks his head like he’s waiting for a message from his squadron before realizing he can’t hear them. Other times, Cas asks about what happened in Game of Thrones while he was gone, and for a moment, it’s like he never left.
The chapel was set at the back of the school building. It didn’t live up to the name, a small room with narrow slates, a stone slab with a wooden cross - dark with age, no benches, just cold hard stone floor and enough space for three people to kneel. And that was what they came here for. The chapel was a place for punishment and wallowing in your mistakes.
“Do you have an example?” Cas asked, clearly unable to stop his inquisitive mind. Dean had to smile.
He made a pause and opened his hands invitingly. The warm morning light caught on his skin and the clear lines of his face. Not for the first time, Dean thought he looked like the gracious saints in the books. Now his eyes sparkled with excitement.
“We already know what we’ll order, Cas, the same thing we order every fucking time in joints like these, so let’s cut the part where you’re unsure if you should try something new and just order our burgers, okay?”
“That’s a wonderful idea, Dean, but you know how precious parchment is. They won’t even give you the scraped ones to try your hand.” The hard lines of her face softened with compassion.
“Cas, you’re almost fully human now. Might as well enjoy the perks of your life as a mud monkey.” Dean winks for good measure which only leads to an intensified version of the scowl.
That’s the longest Cas has yet heard Winchester talk, and he’s almost happy to have his suspicion confirmed that Winchester can in fact form full sentences. Cas doesn’t know how to respond to this wealth of new information, so he busies himself with arranging the papers in front of him in perfect right angles. He has to get back the upper hand in this conversation, even if it means that he won’t learn more about Winchester’s past. “I’m sorry to hear you have such low regard for the men in His Majesty’s service, Mr. Winchester, but that’s not what I called you here for.”
“Great,” Dean says, grinning, before he turns to the clerk to sort out the details. Cas is numb with fatigue when he follows Dean through the lobby, into the elevator, down the hallway in silence.
This war isn’t like anything he ever experienced. The lines are unclear, the factions seemingly fighting for the sake of bloodshed, a constant rage pulsing thought he empty streets with no clear goal or gain. Angels against the demons, against their own kind, and the scattered humans smack in the middle, trying to get rid of both invading armies. Dean has only been here a few weeks, but the desperation and the hopelessness of their endeavor already seeped into his very bones. He’s got no idea how Bobby, Ash and the others find the strength to keep going. And Lucifer’s arrival just tipped the scales even farther down on the wrong side.
Dean moans loud and low around Cas’ cock, then leans back and closes his hand around him instead of his lips. “Fuck, Cas, that’s – “
He sits up and crawls over to Dean’s head, leans down and captures Dean’s mouth. Dean’s tongue sneaks out eagerly, as if he can’t wait to get a taste of himself on Cas’ lips. He hums happily into the kiss. Cas will never get enough of the way Dean seems to thrive on touch and physical closeness. His chest tightens with the realization that he’s ready to give Dean whatever he needs, and that he’s never been happier than when Dean melts into his touch like this.
Dean stops breathing, waits for Cas to topple over, wondering how it will happen today, sudden or drawn-out, with his eyes open or closed.
Castiel squinted at him. He looked like a bird contemplating the meaning of life. Dean smiled, waiting for the penny to drop. Cas kept squinting.
Cas sat next to him. So close that Dean’s side felt warmer, so close he could smell him, herbs and fresh sweat and a hint of old books. Dean breathed the familiar mix in and took comfort in it.
“I would have come back tomorrow. I just wanted to share some of my knowledge with Bobby and the others to help them fight. Lucifer is still on the loose.”
They part ways two miles from the bunker. Mary sets out with Garth in the direction of the rift to go back to Sam. Dean and the fighter he met that first day, a scrawny guy who goes by the name of Danny and doesn’t talk if he doesn’t have to, will follow Bobby’s trail. His group has a head start of a day, but Dean’s sure they will be able to catch up.
Chapter summary: Dean grieves Cas' death and decides to follow Mary to the other side of the rift while Sam and Jody stay with Jack.
The shackles clank loudly through the vast room when Castiel struggles again, and a low growl echoes from the derelict walls. Dean doesn’t agree often with Lucifer, but it does have a certain ring to it. Poetic justice maybe. If their lives were a story, it would be fitting that he’ll die in this world with Castiel by his side.
Cas blinks open his right eye – the left is swollen shut after a blow from their captor – and glares at Dean from the distance. There are thoughts swirling in that dark blue gaze, and Dean realizes how much he wants to learn what Cas is thinking. It’s an urge embedded in the core of his being after all he’s gone through with the angel by his side.
“Tell me, Dean, in all the years you and your annoying brother studied the supernatural, did you find out what happens to an angel’s soul when they die?”
Zachariah went on and on about the weakness of the flesh and the various ways to jeopardize one’s soul. Over the next weeks, Dean learned about the teachings of famous scholars on the matter and he couldn’t help but find a lot of them lacking.
Stomach full, coffee warming him up and clearing his mind, Cas runs out of excuses to put this off any longer.
Cas’ hand came to his back. He couldn’t think of anything more grounding. Cas told him that everything was alright and that a loss can confuse people’s minds. Dean felt tears run down his cheeks and the vice around his chest loosened. He leaned his head onto Cas’ shoulder and whispered, “I can’t forgive her. She took away my mother and she took away my brother. And now I’m all alone.”
… and lower until he found Cas just as helplessly aroused as he was. His cock was thicker and a bit longer than Dean’s, curving up from his dark patch of pubic hair and moving with his labored breaths.
Dean breathes out, slowly, through his mouth, sets his coffee down and puts his hands flat on the table.
After checking out he stumbles through the lobby half-blind. His vision is blurry. When he bumps into someone, he apologizes absentmindedly and keeps going.
Dean slips free his fingers, and a second later, Cas’ hands are back on his shoulders with renewed fervor, pressing him down against the seat, and he’s got time for one deep inhale before Cas sits up and sinks down in him, perfect heat enveloping Dean like they were made to fit like this.
Just like each time before, Cas is struck by how beautiful, how absolutely mouth-watering Dean looks in nothing but his panties. He reaches out and trails a finger along the seam, from Dean’s hip bone down to his thigh. The soft hair on Dean’s legs tickles his fingertip.
And now Cas might be living proof of not only having a soul, but of the possibility that a soul can inhabit a new vessel.
Dean wipes his already dry hands again, throws the towel into the sink, goes over, claps Jack on the back. “You did good.”
“Yeah, I remember.” One moment, Ash had been by his side with a couple others, the next, he found himself alone with Castiel, standing in an empty alley with a snarling sound behind them and nowhere to hide. “But you could have fled.”
Cas only sees his back, faded jeans hug what looks like a nice ass and muscled thighs, and the fabric of his black shirt stretches nicely over broad, well-rounded shoulders. Cas changes the strap of his bag to the other shoulder and loosens his tie, once again cursing his brother. Gabriel had booked the holiday and only told Cas afterwards. Cas doesn’t need a vacation, he needs to work, the files on his desk will pile up even more while he’s gone, but Gabe didn’t budge, and when he wanted something, there was no stopping him.
His favorite coffee shop opens at six, so he’s waiting outside while the staff is getting the shop ready. Hands buried deep in the pockets of his coat, Cas catches his reflection in the windows. He lost weight over the last months, and his cheeks are dusted with stubble. He needs a shave. And few nights of sound sleep, if he’s being honest. Dark rings lie under his eyes, and his own stare feels foreign when he meets it, empty.
it’s the color of my eyes,” Cas says, pointing to the wet lace. It’s a weak attempt at flirting and Cas knows it, but it sparks something in Dean’s eyes as he steps closer to share the warm spray with Cas. Dean’s hand comes up to brush against Cas’ nipple, still hard from the cold and clearly visible under his wet shirt. Dean flicks against it. Cas gasps when the sharp sting spreads from his chest and heats up his skin more that the water ever could. He grabs Dean by the jaw and pulls him into another kiss. This time he sets the pace, teases Dean until he gets impatient, before he licks inside and swallows Dean’s moans.
Dean tries to turn around to see what’s happening, but his neck is stiff and his shoulder hurts like hell.
Cas fights to keep his voice calm. Shouting wouldn’t improve the situation. “No, it wasn’t. His head exploded. Because he wanted to leave this place.”
Then she rummages in her small backpack for a slip of paper and a pen. She scribbles two numbers and two names on it and pushes it into Cas’ open palm. “His number and mine. If you ever want to talk, I’ll listen.” She smiles up at him again.
His head is lifted with an index finger under his chin. Despite the panic that bubbles just under his skin while he waits for Cas’ answer, he has to smile at the sheer cheesiness of that move. Cas has definitely watched too many movies, but then again, Dean won’t complain when it leads to this.
There’s a gasp and more rustling. In the pitch black darkness, Dean’s finds a throat to angle his knife at. The body beneath him is thick and male and smells like…
Dean had never thought about that. The law was the law, and a crime was a crime, and someone had to pay for it. The next question lay on his tongue like lead. “Do you think God sees the difference?”
“Did you have a good time tonight, honey?” Dean asks, looking up at Cas. “Did you enjoy being held open for me?”
He can’t. Others might be able to draw a clear line between fun and love, can have sex without a deeper connection, but Cas is broken somehow, he can’t have one without the other. He loathes himself for it, in this very moment, but he can’t change how he feels. And Dean, if he saw even the slightest chance this could turn into something serious, would have told his brother, wouldn’t he? At least that he met someone, even if he didn’t mention the name. Dean had looked at him when Sam apparently had asked about his vacation, and made up his mind to keep quiet.
Cas feels each word like a blow to his chest, most of all the words Dean leaves out. “I know you, Dean.”
Castiel dropped his gaze like he wanted to gather his scattered thought from the floor. When he looked back up, his sharp stare fixated on Dean for a moment before it flitted away.
Dean kisses him again, deep and languid as if he’s savoring his favorite meal. Why have they waited so long, Cas asks himself for the thousandth time. The movies his brother makes him watch always make it seem so easy – two people meet and fall in love and grip the newfound happiness with both hands, without a single thought about the consequences. Cas wishes he had that kind of courage. He never made a spontaneous decision in his life. Well, apart from that first day with Dean.
The interior is packed and loud and perfect. Dean makes his way to the bar and orders them drinks, eyes already roaming the crowd for an over-confident guy to hustle or a willing chick to charm. He finds the latter quicker. A brunette, tall, long-limbed, makes eye-contact that lingers on Dean’s mouth before her gaze slides down along his body.
Spending time with Cas came naturally to him, but he never became accustomed to their friendship like he did with Garth or Jo. Cas’ brilliant mind posed a constant challenge and made Dean want to get better, learn harder, not to best his friend but to keep up with him. When Dean spent time with others, he just forgot himself for a few hours, bantering and laughing.
Pure heat is settling in his gut, and he opens his stance and puts a hand on the tiles to keep himself upright. Did Dean stand in the same spot? Did he … did he know that Cas would listen? The thought sends sparks of lightning down his spine, and Cas allows the next sound that builds in his chest to tumble out, a choked-off groan. It’s exciting to imagine Dean on the bed, eyes closed as he listens to Cas masturbating right next door. It’s something else Cas never thought he would be into, but god, he is, and his cock is weeping out another spurt of precome when he thinks about Dean, lazily touching his spent dick and enjoying the sounds of Cas coming undone.
“Go to bed, Dean. We can talk tomorrow.” Cas’ words came in a whisper, layered with emotions Dean couldn’t put a name on. He felt bone weary all of a sudden and turned to trudge back to the dormitory. Clouds swallowed the light of the stars and threw a muddy grey blanket over the new moon when he stumbled across the yard.
Lucifer just laughs. “Really, Dean?” His chuckles can be heard a good long while as he’s leaving the building. When he’s finally, blessfully gone, silence settles over the room.
The letters on the page blur into unrecognizable shapes. He’s read the same paragraph five times and has no idea what it’s about.
Winchester, if you please.” Winchester leans again the wall in Cas’ office. The unknowing eye might think he’s asserting his nonchalance with the position. Cas assumes Winchester most likely needs the assistance of the wall to help him stand. The infamous pirate captain looks like he hasn’t slept one minute last night. There are deep circles under his eyes and a gray tone to his skin. It makes his green eyes stand out even more, Cas can’t help but notice.
The panties are wet from Dean’s desire and Cas can smell him, can smell them both in the warm air of the room, fresh sweat and spicy musk. He needs to taste more, wants to lick the sweat from Dean’s skin, so he moves down, bites the sharp curve of his jaw, the soft skin of his neck, dips his tongue into the hollow of his collarbone. Dean is urging him on with broken gasps that turn into a soft cry when Cas find his right nipple and closes his lips around it, sucks it into his mouth and rolls his tongue around it. Dean’s hand comes up to curve around his neck, tender almost, holds him while Cas nips and licks the sensitive nub into hardness.
The cold floor sent icy tendrils up from his knees into his thighs. All the blood had left his feet – he hadn’t felt them in half an hour. His interlaced fingers hurt from being held up for so long and his shoulders burned. Still, Dean didn’t move.
After a long while in which she seems to look right through him, analyzes his behavior on a molecular level for all Cas knows, Charlie nods.
It’s my firm, he thinks, stunned. What are the chances? Dean’s brother will be working for me and Gabe. He’s not sure how he feels about that, but he knows that this will make things way more complicated. He imagines Dean’s face when he tells him the news. How will he react?, Cas wonders. The chance that they will see each other again after this week just rose exponentially higher. Cas’ heartbeat picks up speed, until it’s thumping in his veins. Maybe there’s a future after all. If Dean is so happy about the new job that might very well mean he lives in the area, doesn’t it? As close as the brothers are, he can’t imagine Sam would want to live far away from Dean.
“Now that was fun,” he singsongs and walks over to Cas, blade already in his hand. “Too bad we don’t have champagne to celebrate. I’ll settle for next best thing, though.” He slices a new wound into Cas’ throat without the slightest hesitation, and it makes Dean sick to watch it. The old wounds don’t close as well as the first one, and Dean can see the tissue around the cuts redden with infection. Cas won’t make it much longer.
“My name is Dean.” He smiles, a little shy, but his eyes are bright and clear. “And I want a divorce.”
“Hmmm,” Dean shrugs. “Or maybe he just thought you need to get laid.” His cocky smile is back. “I’ve only known you a couple of minutes, but even I see that you could use some … relaxation.” He raises an eyebrow at the last word and makes if sound like something dirty. Cas ignores the clench in his gut at hearing Dean’s voice get husky like that.
The blood that just managed to find its way up to his brain again returns south one more time. His mouth waters at the sight. At least the saliva chases away the cottony taste. Small mercies. He swallows hard.
The moment lingers. Something profound expands in the air between them. Cas’ heart hammers in his chest. He wants to ask what Dean means by that, but he can’t even put his own emotions into words. His blood is roaring in his ears, his body trembling with want and uncertainty. Dean’s eyes are wide and dark and earnest, and Cas could easily get lost in them. That is, until Dean winks and breaks the spell.
Cas lifts his head and lets go of Dean’s cock with a wet pop. It looks obscene as it flops back against Dean’s belly, shining with spit, dark red, swollen.
Every day for the next four days Dean spent an hour on his knees, hungry, cold and with bruised skin. Every single one of these hours he cursed his mother and prayed for guidance to avert the same fate. Every hour led his thoughts to Cas and how he seemed the only living soul that really cared for Dean.
In Conrad’s room, they split up to search for clues. The owner is the next victim to Dean’s flirting skills, laid-on thick enough to make Cas gag. She might sense Cas’ disgruntlement, and she keeps a close eye on him. Does she know? Does she know the thoughts that keep Cas up at night? The owner leaves, not without reminding them that this is a respectable house with a last side-long glance at Cas. She does know. Cas has gotten sloppy in keeping his emotions off his face.
This Castiel reminds him of the early days, with his unblinking, cool expression and the calculating squint. This is a Castiel that never learned to smile or laugh, that didn’t pout or smirk, because in this world, there’s no Dean to teach him. The thought hurts more than anything. It’s not just Dean that lost something irreplaceable on that day. Cas lost the chance to so many new thing he still could have experienced, so many ways to grow into the person he wanted to be, away from heaven’s duties and hell’s schemes. Did this Castiel carry that rebellious streak, too? Would he break away from the host to follow his own moral compass, given the chance?
Dean wriggles in his arms, and their lower bodies brush. It’s the gasp at feeling each other hard and straining that breaks the kiss apart.
At long last, his mind came back to the reason he came here. His father’s face and the lines of malcontent that had deepened to permanent furrows in the last month rose to the center of his thoughts. If John was right, Dean wouldn’t find any friends or solace here. He was tainted beyond redemption, the son of a sinner, destined for the same path.
“I thought about you when I bought them,” Dean admits. His breath hitches when Cas’ hand brushes the growing bulge inside the fabric. “Thought they would match your eyes when you’re kneeling in front of me and tug them off me with your teeth,” Dean adds, a little rough and with a smile in his voice.
Dean scoots over on the bench he’s sitting on and waves Cas closer. “Sit down. I wasn’t sure you’d c- you’d show up.”
The phone is chipped and mangled, has fallen to the ground in one fight or the other too many times. It was cheap to begin with, a kid‘s phone really, that Dean picked up in a rundown store one day and gifted to Cas with a tense “It‘s time you have your own, just in case“ that Cas answered with a huff and a crooked smile.
“You better treat my little brother right, you hear me?” Dean all but growls and glares at them. A soft blush creeps up Sam’s neck.
The wound on Dean’s leg festers. Neither Charles nor Cas had been aware how bad it was, only realize the extent of the inflammation when Dean’s fever spikes. Dean never wakes up, but tosses and turns for hours. Cas sits by his side whenever his responsibilities allow it, keeps watch when Sam and Charles sleep.
Dean hasn’t seen him yet and Cas slows his steps so he has time to stare a little more. The crisp white shirt glows against the sun-kissed skin on Dean’s neck. Dean fiddles with his hands and tugs his cuffs out of his jacket in a nervous gesture that makes his shoulders strain against the material of the suit. Cas mouth waters at the sight. As much as Cas likes this outfit, he can’t wait to peel if off Dean later this evening.
Dean’s lips part in welcome and his tongue darts out to meet Cas’ in a sinful swirl that makes Cas’ stomach drop. His skin burns at every point of contact, transforming the slightest motion into a sensual touch. Holding Dean in his arms feels both foreign and like the most natural thing he ever did, exploring him like something he was meant to do. Dean sighs whenever he finds a sensitive spot with his tongue and his teeth, and every single sound spurs him on to find more, to learn what makes Dean squirm and tense. They kiss and kiss and kiss, until Cas’ head swims and his heart beats like a drum against his ribs, and still, they keep kissing.
His reading improved rapidly, and he was able to follow the basic Greek lectures now. As much as Cas admired scholars like Anselm and Augustinus for their clear minds and rational thinking, Dean liked the Greeks more. Father Robert gave Cas a lot of freedom concerning his subject matter, so they practiced Greek not only with the ancient philosopher but also on the tragedies.
Cas takes a slow step closer, until there’s only a few inches between their bodies. Dean’s heart stumbles before it picks up speed and thunders in his chest.
Come summer, Dean persuaded Cas to accompany him on his weekly tour to the village. Cas pointed out that he had more important things to do and that the trip would be an indulgence unworthy of a Cleric, but in the end, he was unable to say no to Dean.
Sam rolls his eyes and laughs, leans his arms on Gabe’s shoulders and presses a quick kiss to his forehead. “Whatever you say, babe.”
Cas has only a second to catch his breath and find a solid stance, before Dean’s lips close around his filling cock. The sudden wet heat sends a shock through his system. Dean doesn’t give him time to adjust, just angles his head and takes him as deep as he can. Which is impressively deep.
Dean looks at him as if he’s waiting for a revelation, as if he’s desperate for Sam to figure this out.
“He ran away a few weeks before I was sent here. He had huge argument with my dad, said he didn’t want to become a merchant. He went to school a few years, since I could help with the daily work. His teacher got him a scholarship in Oxford. My father forbade it, and said Sam’s insolence was a sign of evil. After he was gone, my father never mentioned his name again. I… I try not to think too much about it.”
They didn’t talk about a dress code, but Cas digs into his suitcase to find his suit at the bottom of it. It’s wrinkled and a bit too large since he lost some weight over the last stressful moths, but he wants to dress in something special for his first real date with Dean.
It’s a twenty minute drive to his house. Cas’ body warms up and the fog in his brain clears a little. The laywer in him starts putting together the puzzle with the few pieces he’s got. Sam didn’t know that Dean has met Cas before. That means, Dean still hasn’t told him about their time together. But what is Dean doing here, then? His head is pounding while he tries to wrap it around the fact that he’s sitting next to Dean, Dean’s here and Cas is drunk and his life is awful.
Cas can’t help but be enchanted by Bradbury’s innocence. He hides his smile. “Roll in the hay?” he offers, and Bradbury nods gratefully.
Ellen came to St Mary’s Well after the death of her father, a barber-surgeon who traveled the country and taught her his trade. The monks feared her at first, and didn’t know how to react to her directness. She found work in the kitchen and kept to herself. Cas doesn’t know when she and the former abbot fell in love, or when they made the decision to leave the safety of their life at the monastery behind to find a place for themselves.
, Zachariah had said. Cas had been attending his classes, too, a few years before Dean came to the monastery. Did Cas believe this? Did he think… that Dean was a bad influence? Or did he not trust himself enough to find out what would happen if he let Dean in?
“And in our everyday life, what would you say is better: something that exists or something that doesn’t exist? I brought an apple for this. This apple is better than an apple that doesn’t exist, right?” He smiled when Jo agreed wholeheartedly, and threw the apple over to him. “I’m sure you can make it disappear, Jo.”
“Okay. Listen. It’s a curiosity that hangs by its master’s thigh, under his cloak. It’s pierced through in the front, stiff and hard. Sometimes the man pulls his robe up over his knee, because he wants to poke the head of it into a familiar hole he has often filled before. What is it?”
“Dean”, he says, when he reaches the bed. His hands curl into fists at his sides, his short fingernails dig into his palms, but he can’t touch, he mustn’t and he can’t. Their eyes are locked for a moment, but Dean’s gaze flits away too fast.
Cas stayed silent for a long time. Dean eyed him from the side, unsure if his friend was appalled by his confession or disgusted that Dean still had good memories of her. Cas’ face looked thoughtful, though. At last, he spoke.
Cas tries to go on reading, but his mind is whirling. He listens to Dean’s breathing evening out, and finally puts his book to the side. He should sleep, too.
Dean has seen him fiddling with it in the rare quiet moments, saw him taking pictures of pigeons and dangelions that grow in the cracks of sidewalks.
I finally found the inspiration to go on with this and will try to finish it over the next weeks. Thank you so much,
“So this was wrong, too?” Cas sounds put-out and defeated. “I did everything you said. You didn’t hear or see me coming. And you were surprised, weren’t you?”
They didn’t talk much in these days. Dean stayed on his own and kept his head down, hungry and bone tired because he didn’t sleep well with an empty stomach. The others gave him space, they offered encouraging smiles but didn’t start a conversation. Dean was thankful for that. He wouldn’t be good company anyway with his dark thoughts and whirling emotions.
“Now’s not really the time for that conversation, is it?” He shakes his head as if he wants to clear his thoughts. “How about you tell me your address and I’ll take you home. What you need right now is a toothbrush and a good night’s sleep.” He gazes out of the windshield, watches the snowflakes melt against the warm glass. The lights of the bar blur into watercolors before the wipers sharpen them again.
Dean had always planned to ask Cas about the old times, when they had time for things like that, when they would share meals at the bunker and buy a couch and swap stories. His heart clenches. He will never get to ask him now.
Dean had never thought about it like that. “Do the other clerics see it that way, too?,” he asked tentatively.
Bradbury stands even straighter, too small for his uniform which is immaculately plated but held together with a leather strip that’s seen better days. Excitement shines from his eyes. Cas remembers the first time he was given an important assignment, so he’s not about to make fun of Bradbury’s eagerness.
Cas reads the note five times. And then once more. So Dean did listen, otherwise his words would make no sense. And he enjoyed it. And he wants to see Cas again.
“No? And where would I go, Cas? Stay here? Waste away in this godforsaken place and live by the charity of the monastery?” His tone is hard, and his eyes are red-rimmed. “And you would take in a man you don’t even know, a man you have every right to …”
He takes on new clients, dives into his cases with everything he’s got. He’s good at this. And he loves his job.
A few hours later, Dean had learned that he loved to learn, and that learning was exhausting. He fell onto his cot completely drained. He had to be up in the middle of the night again for the first service of the day, vigil. He couldn’t remember having to get up at two o’clock before – the day at home had started around six.
A lone figure is occupying the parking lot, leaning against a sleek black car and breathing clouds into the night. It’s a guy, broad-shouldered, bundled up into a leather jacket and a thick scarf. He looks up when Cas curses his clumsy fingers as he’s fishing for his phone in his slacks. Cas concentrates on his screen, tries to unlock it three times in a row and goes for the fourth when a deep voice speaks up next to him.
Dean took a few steps onto the grass, opened his belt and gripped the hem of his robe. Looking back, he saw Cas standing in the same spot.
“I don’t know. It feels like a trick. I can’t put my finger on it.” His temples pounded with the concentration, but he couldn’t tell Cas what bugged him about the argument.
It’s strange to leave the Sunset Plaza, which feels like an alternative reality to Cas by now, a place where he doesn’t have to be the person he was his entire life. When he arrives at the restaurant, Dean is already waiting next to the entrance. Cas almost doesn’t recognize him in the well-fitted grey linen suit. It’s unfair that Dean can look even more gorgeous, he thinks. A man that looks breathtaking in a bathrobe shouldn’t be allowed to wear a suit like that.
“No, no, it’s fine, it’s okay I mean, he needs help, I help him out.” Dean is rambling, and Sam deduces from that fact alone that Dean is deeply shaken by whatever Cas and him are doing behind closed doors. That doesn’t come as a surprise to Sam becaue Dean and Cas and
Soon their movements became frenzied, rubbing and rocking against each other, slick with water, sweat and the wetness that leaked from their erections. The next time Cas pushed down and Dean bucked up into the contact, Cas’ cock slipped between Dean’s thighs and he stilled. Dean closed his legs on instinct and ripped his right hand free to sink his fingers into Cas’ scalp, urging him on with his whole body. Dean had no idea what they were doing but it felt perfect and he needed more of it.
Cas holds Dean’s chin between his bent index finger and his thumb. He circles Dean’s waist with his other hand. Dean has never in his whole life felt more like a heroine in a Jane Austen novel, and, with his world turned upside down like this, he can’t find it in him to pretend he doesn’t like it. His heart is beating in his throat. His knees feel a little wobbly, but at this point, he’s sure he can count on Cas to sweep him up in his arms should the need arise.
“Yes,” he rasps, which seems to be the exactly right reaction, because Dean puffs out his chest and grins wide at him.
The motions of Dean’s hips lose their rhythm. His cock is peeking out from the waistband of the panties, just like Cas had hoped, and when Cas finds the head with his thumb, they both groan from the first real contact, skin on skin. Cas slips his hand into the panties, eager now to feel more of Dean, to feel his weight in his grip. The silk was soft, but the thin skin covering Dean’s hardness is even smoother, delicate when he closes his fist around him and starts stroking.
The last building was the school. Like the church, it could be entered from outside the monastery’s outer walls. About twenty children from the nearby village attended the classes and learned to read and write. Garth passed two rooms and stopped in the doorway of a third. Dean came up behind him and peeked over his shoulder. About twelve students – aged between ten and fifteen – sat on the floor and listened, obviously enraptured by their tutor's lecture.
At night the rustling of blankets and muffled moans whispered through the halls of the dormitory. Dean had no illusions about the source of those sounds. While the chilling terror of last night still reverberated through his bones, now, in clear daylight, he just couldn’t believe that Zachariah’s verdict was a good one, or even viable.
“You taught me to question what others present as truth. I don’t think I understand most of the rules he taught us. So many of them seem arbitrary.”
Rage bubbles just under Dean’s skin, clouds his mind and makes his hard to think. “What the fuck are you talking about? Angels don’t have souls.”
He stands and washes his face with yellow water from the rusty faucet. The porcelain is stained and full of cracks that filled with grime over the years. Dean follows the rivulets bending this way and that on their way down the drain, and he feels dazed and hollow.
“Well, Cas, that vest wasn’t doing you any favors.” Dean smiles, a little strained perhaps, because he remembers that night and can recall the fervent wish that Cas would dress up for him, to go out with Dean instead of some lady he worked with.
After long moments, out of the blue, Winchester speaks up again. “My father came here as a soldier and got discharged. He wasted his life in the taverns, drinking away what little money was left. He was a drunkard and quick to use his fists instead of his wits. So you’ll excuse me when I don’t have the highest opinion of men who the Royal Navy declared to be worthy advocates of the British Empire.”
Dean could stop this, stop the mess that will follow from happening. All the things he’ll do to ruin it would never happen if he just walked away now. But Cas’ gaze is wide and hopeful, and his lips are slightly parted as if he’s holding his breath, and Dean, in a surge of bravery, lets the cracked and hoarse
Cas makes his way through the throng of people waiting at the bar and finds Gabe in a booth next to the snooker table. Sam sits next to him, long legs stretched out under the table. Cas can’t be sure in the low light, but he thinks he can see a hand that’s definitely not Sam’s resting on his thigh. Covering a smile with a cough, he greets his colleagues. So Dean’s not here. The sudden ache in his heart is piercing, but he tells himself he’s relieved.
He’s not sure what kind of greeting the situation warrants. Should he hug Dean? Kiss him? A handshake surly would be awkward, since those hands have already been in their respective underwear only hours ago. Dean rescues him and leans in for a soft peck on Cas’ cheek. Cas’ skin burns where Dean’s lips touch him and Cas reaches up with his hand to touch the spot.
“I wouldn’t call his attempt to get you out of your lonely shell mischievous, but whatever. He told Sam you needed to meet someone, Sam told Gabriel that I’m single and voila, a set-up was planned.” Dean drinks the last sips of his coffee. “Can’t say that I really thought it through though. Must have been quite the shock for you to see me in the parking lot.”
The orgasm ripples through Cas in a long wave, starting at his head and moving of his chest and stomach, until he pulses in his own hand, clenches long and hard around Dean. With a positively filthy groan that will haunt Dean’s favorite dreams, Cas is splattering his release all over Dean’s shirt, and Dean can’t do anything but thrust one, two more times before he’s right there with Cas, coming hard and with a guttural moan that rips right out of his lungs.
Father Robert’s brows drew together until they made up a single line of salt and pepper bristles. “Do you know anything about the philosopher?”
When Dean gets back to him, he splashes up from the water like a shining statue. Cas’ mouth is too dry to speak, and he doesn’t get the chance to, because an evil grin spreads over Dean’s features just before reaches out and dunks Cas under water. Cas grabs at Dean’s chest in reflex, stunned by the contrast between cold water and warm skin, as he struggles to come up again. Water runs into his eyes, blinds him when he breaks the surface again, but his hands are still curled into Dean’s skin. He should retaliate, but his plan changes as soon as he finds Dean’s smile through his blurred vision.
Dean’s eyes widen and he lifts a curious eyebrow but Cas only groans. At least they’re both clothed. Only one person has a spare key to his house, and given how the last evening went, Cas is pretty sure why his brother is here. For a lecture on responsible drinking and to check if Cas had been mugged by Dean, most likely.
Experimentally, Cas opens his lips over the bulging head and sucks. Dean whimpers, so he does it again, until the fabric is soaked with his spit and more precome. The material feels odd under his tongue and tastes a bit like washing detergent, but Cas loves the way it makes Dean squirm and wriggle under him. When the panties are dark with wetness and Dean is panting, he gently pushes the waistband down under Dean’s balls and lets his erection spring free.
Suddenly he felt sure that everyone around him knew what he was doing. A hundred eyes, judging and secretly coveting at once.
He concentrates on the sizzling bacon while Dean sets the table. Dean apparently made pancakes that he stashed in the oven to keep warm. Cas’ stomach grumbles loudly when he finds out. Dean snickers.
"I still missed you. Would you hurry up and get over here.” Dean opens his hands invitingly, beans up at Cas. “If I remember correctly, we had an appointment.”
Dean perks up, straightens to his full height and squares his shoulders. Adrenaline still pumps through his veins from the fight earlier, and he realizes it’s been way too long. The brunette waves a little and bends to whisper something in her friend’s ear, before she walks over to them in long, determined strides. When she reaches the bar, she clunks her whiskey hamper against Dean’s and smiles.
“You did mention that. I’m still not sure how you came in contact with my brother and his mischievous plans.”
When he rearranged his weight on his hands, the tip of his erection brushed against Cas’. Their still wet skin translated every small movement into a sensual glide and Dean couldn’t help experimenting with it, pushing just a fraction up Cas’ body and his elbows nearly gave out at the sensation of their lengths against each other. Cas tensed again but otherwise didn’t react.
Dean’s lips twitch, too, then widen until he grins his dazzling sun-warm grin. “Yeah, Cas, I guess that’s what I’m saying.”
They need a moment to find the right angle for their mouths, noses brushing and chins bumping, until Dean grabs his head with an impatient sound and tilts it to the left and then… it’s perfect.
Dean’s heart does some weird things in his chest while Lucifer talks. Why would this Castiel save him? He’s got no reason to trust Dean and the other soldiers after what they did to him. Oh yes, Dean had found out about Cole, and he can’t say he’s surprised that he’s a scumbag over here, too. He wishes he could kill him with his hands, but Ash told him a demon had already taken care of that.
A curse, Cas had said. The explanation made sense. Dean felt the stain on his soul like a physical thing. He couldn’t trust the snake of longing that begged for another touch. Cas would do well to stay away from Dean, because Cas was everything light and wise and clean –
They untangle slowly, and Dean doesn’t look to closely at how wrong it feels to let Cas go or how perfect their bodies fit against each other.
Dean grins and straightens. “You like what you see?”, he slurs, but he doesn’t sound too inebriated.
Dean’s eyes widen before he slips them shut. His body stills into one long line of tension. His hand stops, white-knuckled. Cas can see his climax ripple through Dean like a long wave. He decides then and there that it’s his new favorite sight on earth. Dean comes with an almost inaudible sigh, in long pulses that fall on Cas’ skin like hot wax, only there for a second before the water takes it away.
He posts Bradbury by the harbor, to observe any comings and goings on Winchester’s ship. Sure enough, by evening Bradbury has sent note that the crew is getting ready to set sail.
“I have to be honest, I don’t know what to do with you, boy. You don’t have enough Latin for our novice’s class, but you’re too advanced to sit with the villagers.” He let his hands fall onto the table. “What do
He finds a dive next to the highway, not much more than a shack, but with a neon sign outside promising a pool table and cool beers.
Cas nods, a barely there motion, but it’s enough. Dean’s lips are cold from the tap water, firm and confident. Cas melts against Dean’s body, hands on Dean’s hips to feel the warmth of his skin through the t-shirt. The sink is digging into his side. The kiss is nothing more than a brush of lips at first, but it’s already enough to make that well-known flame inside him flare again. Heat is spreading where their breaths meet and mingle.
Cas’ eyes are huge and full of knowledge and emotion far beyond Dean’s understanding, but they’re focused on him and right now, that’s all that matters.
Sam elbows Gabe at that. “Hey, my brother’s not a rapist, okay?” He turns back to Dean. “But, yeah, Dean, why’d you change your mind? And why the hell didn’t you tell me?”
“What, Cas?” Dean nudges again, presses the plug just a little bit deeper into Cas’ body and Cas shudders with it. It’s a glorious sight.
Cas keeps their gazes locked when Dean drops his hands and opens his fly, when Dean shoves down his jeans and steps out of them, when Dean lifts his shirt to reveal his stomach. Dean smiles and tugs the shirt over his head, and that’s when Cas allows himself to look.
, he thought with a bitter kind of humor. His fight against sin seemed lost before the first attack.
“Yes sir. I would think that means they’ll have to go without for a while.” He tips his index finger against his temple. “Don’t you think?”
“It doesn’t matter,” he mumbles against his palms, feeling like a child who admits that it’s afraid of the dark. “It’s over.”
Cas seems to debate just going inside and leave Dean there, before he decides to ignore Dean’s sass and he saunters closer to straddle Dean’s thighs. He reaches over, all careful nonchalance; to take a sip from Dean’s drink.
gets Dean’s attention. Dean opens his eyes slowly to watch Cas unbuttoning his shirt, letting it slip over his shoulders. He’s casually stepping out of his pants. Cas’ boxer briefs drop to the floor next. The soft light from the living room illuminates his golden skin, throws shadows along his lean muscles. He’s fucking beautiful, Dean thinks, just like every single time he sees Cas naked.
A small part of him tells him he should be thankful for what he has, that big dysfunctional family he found in the most unlikely of places, all those people worming their way into his heart and his life, sticking around through all that happened. It’s a miracle, is what it is, and he should be content.
Father Robert’s gaze moved between the two of them. He sighed and let go of Dean’s hand. “Well, we will see what we can do with you.” His big palm landed on Dean’s shoulder. “Say goodbye to your father, child, and then go to the kitchen. You look like you can use a bowl of hot broth.” He turned and shuffled over to the door of a drab stone building. Its chimneys added tufts of white to the still misty air.
“Then let’s get you to the car.” He leads Cas over to the massive black Chevy and opens the passenger door so Cas can scramble inside. Dean flops down on the driver seat a few seconds later and fishes a water bottle from the back seat.
“I wanted to make everything right,” Jack says, holding eye-contact just long enough for Dean to catch his meaning, his apology. It’s not necessary, but it’s appreciated. “I failed.”
Cas’ mind is full of cotton, thought jumbled and unable to connect. At first glance, Dean seems content to just sit there and say nothing, but Cas sees the strain in his jaw and feels his eyes flicker over every few seconds. When their gazes meet, Cas looks away.
This whole thing got way more plotty than I anticipated. I guess there'll be around three more chapters, give or take.
Dean chuckles. Because he’s got to find some outlet for what he’s feeling. Because if he didn’t laugh, the burn in his eyes would lead to tears, and he can’t have that right now. If he breaks down, he will stay down.
“What did we learn about the sophists and their use of rhetoric?” Twelve hands went up. Castiel chose one of the students, a slim boy with blond hair. “Yes, Jonathan?”
Dean replaces his thumb with two fingers, pushes them deep and at an angle he knows to hit just the right spot for Cas, whose hands are scrambling over Dean’s torso in search of something to hold onto while he rocks down hard. Cas moans, perfectly wanton, and just like that, Dean’s fed up with his own game. He may not have be the one wearing butt plug the whole evening, but he’s as desperate as Cas to get this party on the road.
And maybe Zachariah was right, and the slightest opening would be used to tempt him. A look could be the first step on his road to hell. To touch another person, however well intended, would corrupt them and him, Dean feared.
“They seem happy.” Jack observes, his smile turning benevolent. Some moments, Dean sees the confused kid in him, others – like now – he’s suddenly aware of how
His heart leaps in his chest at Cas‘ confession. He does know, did know before, and never let himself acknowledge it.
His ribs hurt. Lucifer might have cracked a few, and every breath brings with it a stab of pain that sears through his whole right side. He’s much better off than Cas, though, who slips in and out of consciousness and lost the ability to hold himself up in his restraints somewhere between nightfall and now.
Cas freezes when he hears the company’s name. They still haven’t talked much about their lives, apart from a few anecdotes from work and stories about their families, nothing that led to questions about a possible future. Now Cas’ blood runs cold and hot and cold again. Dean’s brother Sam apparently found a new job, and Cas would be happy for Dean who seems to be genuinely happy about the news.
“What’s up, Sammy?” he rasps as he brings the phone to his ear, sitting up with his back to Cas. Dean rakes a hand through his hair while he listens. Cas can’ help but admire the way his bicep flexes with the motion.
Cas gripped Dean’s hips and Dean could pinpoint the exact moment when his last control snapped. Cas buried his face in Dean’s neck and pushed into the tight heat between Dean’s legs hard and fast. Dean’s own cock ground against Cas’ stomach, painting it with precome. He moved to meet Cas’ thrusts. The way the tip of Cas’ erection slid over his perineum ripped a broken moan from his lungs, the sensation foreign and intimate and indescribably
“And later … I wanted nothing more than to watch you while I listened to you jerking off. I tried to picture it. Did you stand? Did you sit down? Did you bite your pretty pink lips to keep from making a sound?”
“Drink that”, he orders, and Cas obeys, grateful for the chance to get sour taste out of his mouth and having an excuse to not talk.
Dean could have fought his brother on that, but Sam was right. He needed a break. It says something about the state of his mind that he acknowledged that fact.
“It’s Justin actually, although I can’t remember us being on a first name basis. You look pale, Agent. I’m sure a strong martini will help. Darling?”
“His prizes must be worthwhile if he can spend every night at a whorehouse,” Cas muses. Unbidden images of Winchester, naked, in the embrace of an equally naked woman arise somewhere in the back of his head and are pushed down immediately. He clears his throat and loosens his collar. He still isn’t used to the Caribbean heat it seems.
Ellen sits atop her own old horse with a straight back and determination in her eyes. When Cas explains to her what happened, her mouth thins into a straight line and she grips her stirrups tighter. “I was good of you to call me. From what you tell me, we will have to take the leg. But Castiel,” she reaches over between their swaying horses and touches his arm lightly, “it’s possible it won’t save him.” Her eyes are warm. Cas wonders what she sees, how much he’s already given away.
He rummages in his drawer for a pair of old sweats and a black t-shirt to wear, and when Dean slips into the clothes – a little too tight around the shoulders, a little too short on the legs – he can’t help the surge of possessiveness at seeing Dean in his clothes, in his bedroom, lips still a little puffy and wet hair sticking up in all directions.
Gabe has an arm slung around Sam’s middle and makes an ushering motion with his left. Sam’s looking down at Gabe with a fond little smile, nodding, and Cas has to admit, they make a pretty cute couple. The pang of jealousy he felt at the party feels like a distant memory, now that Dean’s back in his life.
Garth led him through the various buildings, chatting away happily, pointing out trivia about the life in St. Mary’s Well. Dean stayed quiet and tried to memorize the layout and the function of each part of the monastery. He knew the stables, the church and the prior’s rooms which all lay on the left side of the courtyard. The kitchen and the refectory where the fifty inhabitants of the monastery ate their meals took up the middle.
Dean and Cas didn’t talk about the strangely intimate moments they had shared at night, but their bond grew stronger even without words. In March, Cas found Dean sleepwalking again, and he led him back to the dormitory. In a hushed voice he assured Dean that he wasn’t possessed, that his mind just worked differently from others, and Dean tried to believe him.
“Bet you were leaking already when you came into the bathroom,” Dean muses, and Cas breaks. He wraps his hand around his cock, tight, just like he likes it, and groans a
The decision is made. He has to go down anyway to sort out the rooms with the front desk. He might as well have breakfast. And if Dean is still there, well …
A hand touches Dean’s shoulder, warm and heavy and so choke-full of implications that Dean shudders under it. “Well then, this shouldn’t come as a surprise.”
Dean tries to open his eyes, but finds them caked shut. Bits and pieces of the last days come back to him. Snippets of the fights on the outskirts of the city. Squirmishes against small groups of demons and angels. Cries. Screams. Dark laughter. The sulfur smell of dying demons. Blasts from snuffed out grace. The gurgling sound of blood gushing out of lethal wounds.
Heavy gulps of cold air get stuck in his throat and in his lungs. His pulse is racing. The bricks under his hands are the only thing that feels real, so he curls his fingertips into the cracks until his knuckles hurt.
Definitely not shy anymore, Cas palms his own filling cock and just stands there, feet a few inches apart, on their patio, expression stormy and turned-on in equal measure.
“Or course I did. Found out about 30 minutes after you’d left the hotel. Charlie’s a genius with computers, you know? I had your name, wasn’t really that hard to piece it all together.”
They had opened Castiel’s restraints the day after he had saved Dean’s life. Dean had vouched for him and promised that he would take full responsibility. He still doesn’t know what made him do it. Apparently, he can’t help but trust Castiel, no matter the world they find each other in. He didn’t look to closely at the way his heart leaped in his chest when Castiel sighed in relief after Ash had opened the cuffs, when Castiel looked up to stare right at Dean in a silent thanks.
Cas prides himself for his ability to be prepared for every possible outcome for every possible situation. This ability, it seems, has got a blind spot, and it has the form of a beautiful, intriguing man named Dean – Dean who will be waiting by the pool in thirty minutes, wearing nothing but a pair of shorts and the sun on his skin.
This other angel – he wasn’t Cas and couldn’t be. He’s just a pale copy, Dean thinks, a replica. He fiercely hopes he won’t have to talk to him or even face him, afraid the bottled up rage behind his ribs will explode and let him tumble into the darkness he can feel lurking and pacing since Cas sank down in front of him, since Dean had gone to his knees on that beach. He will have to keep a safe distance from that danger.
“Dean!” She hugs him tightly and Dean stops wiping his face to hug her back. He gives himself a moment to just sink into her embrace, but when the emotions well up, he takes a step back and clears his throat. He has to remember they haven’t got time for this.
Cas walks up the small path that lead from the tree-line over to the porch. They went shopping the other day – not a great idea to walk around the tiny village clad like a medieval warrior – and contrary to his former self, this Cas sticks to the tight fits. Black jeans, grey t-shirt, solid boots. He looks like a manifestation of Dean’s wildest daydreams, even more so with the sunlight playing in his windswept hair and the small smile curving his lips.
Wednesday mornings became his favorite just after Thursday afternoons, which he still spent with Cas. Dean didn’t need the mentoring anymore since he had long caught up with the other students, but neither of them pointed that out. When autumn drew nearer and dusk came earlier, Dean fell back into his brooding mood. Cas picked up on it instantly.
Two hours after they had set off, the rectangular lines of a massive stone building became visible in the distance. Dean grabbed the reins tighter on impulse. The horse felt his unease and danced a bit, before Dean brought it back under control with a gentle nudge of his thighs.
The earth beneath his feet is shaking, what was solid ground mere days ago is now nothing more than a rope over an abyss. One wrong step and he’ll fall.
Dean grins at that, and then his lips are back, still stretched from the smile, pressing kisses on the edge of Cas’ mouth and nipping at his lips. Cas, getting impatient, tightens his hold and angles his head in invitation.
After a few minutes, it’s clear Dean’s having a nightmare. He’s crying out softly and tossing around. Cas tries calling his name, but Dean doesn’t wake up, so Cas reaches over an touches Dean’s arm, carefully at first, then shoves him a little.
Cas doesn’t answer, just grips the base of Dean’s cock to angle it to his mouth and closes his lips around it once more. Dean chuckles darkly and does the same. They both moan when the wet warmth of each other’s mouths envelope them.
Dean had never kissed like this before. His lips opened under the onslaught and he dragged them along Cas’ while their breath mingled. The wetness and the warmth of Cas’ mouth filled his senses, his taste and the small low sounds that vibrated against his slick lips overwhelming him. And then the tip of Cas’ tongue met Dean’s bottom lip and slipped past it.
They don’t talk. They sit down and eat, and they still don’t talk. Cas gets up to make coffee, because Dean didn’t. He felt intimidated by the Italian machine, he tells Cas. Cas putters around with the freshly ground beans. He doesn’t use the machine often since the coffee shop is right around the corner, but now he’s glad he spent the money on this monstrous contraption. It gives him the chance to turn his back and look busy while he goes over the facts again. He feels calmer when he sits back down, but none the wiser.
Dean clears his throat, and watches with satisfaction as the predatory grin falls from the strangers’ face.
Without her cheerful presence, an awkward silence falls over the table. Cas eats a few bites of his fruit and Dean finishes his sandwich. Cas looks around to watch the other guests. After a few minutes he chuckles under his breath.
When he wakes up, he needs a while to orientate himself. He’s slept better than he had in months and his whole body is humming with contentment. Dean is still curled around his side, his thigh thrown over Cas’ legs and a soft happy smile plays around his beautiful lips. The sunlight pours over his skin and gives it a golden shimmer. Cas closes his eyes again. It’s still early. He dozes off.
Cas bundles up his ruined dress shirt and leaves the bathroom. Dean stands next to the bed, still stark naked and so beautiful it hurts. The morning light kisses his skin and makes it glow from within, freckles dusting his shoulders and arms. The sun will coax out more over the next days, Cas is sure of that. Cas looks at him, greedy to take this image with him, commit the curve of Dean’s back, the swell of his ass, his heavy sex, his bowed legs to memory. He blinks against the threatening tears.
Going for a cheeky smile, he thanked his friend. Dean couldn’t be sure, in the dark of the dormitory and the light of the single candle Cas had brought, but he could have been blushing.
"Yeah, I know,“ he says just as softly and looks up, waiting for Cas to meet his gaze, meet him in the middle, find a new common ground between them. Cas takes his time, but finally his eyes meet Dean‘s unguarded, with all the questions and the doubt for Dean to see.
“Bye Cas,” Dean answers. He sounds old and tired all of a sudden. Cas closes the door behind him carefully. It almost doesn’t make a sound.
“Thank you,” Cas murmurs with a small but embarrassing hiccup when they step into the hallway and Cas turns on the lights. He squints against the brightness and straightens to face Dean.
“You okay man?” Garth holds him up with a hand on his shoulder, concern written all over his face. “You’re not gonna puke, right? Bathroom’s just down the hall.” He points, and Dean follows the directions.
Ellen walks over to the bed in a brisk pace and takes a long look at Dean’s leg, before she starts giving orders. “We need the long table from the kitchen. More light, take the tall candles from the church, and open the windows. The sun will be up soon. I need a hot fire in that hearth,” she points into the corner, “the large kettle full of boiling water, and linen.” Charles, who had been standing next to the bed, nods with every demand, and when Ellen finishes her list, he runs from the room to get the requested items, clearly glad to be able to do something.
“I came all over the sink, a few drops even hit the mirror,” Dean tells him. “I came so hard, thinking about your mouth and your hands and that angry squint you gave me at the reception, as if you wanted to bend me over your knee in front of all those people and give me a good spanking.”
Dean’s hand reaches his cock and closes a loose fist around it. Cas presses his hands back against the tile to keep himself from reaching out.
Cas lets the warming water chase away the cold. With it, his irritation leaves as fast as it came. He’d like to come up with a witty reply, but all he can think of is how gorgeous Dean looks. So instead of answering he studies Dean in his almost naked glory. The trail of hair that leads from his chest to his groin darkens from light brown to almost black. His skin glistens under the bright bathroom lights. The lace is plastered to his skin and leaves little to the imagination.
Jack really is. Powerful. All-knowing. It doesn’t scare him anymore. They taught Jack all they had to teach him, and now they have to have faith that it was enough.
While Cas dived into his lecture about the famous Anselm, Dean’s mind itched with the feeling that they missed something.
Oops, seems like I'll have to add another chapter to wrap this up. Good news is, the last chapter is almost finished and will be posted this week.
“No bother at all, come in,” a deep voice greets Cas. Cas stops in his tracks, swallows and tries not to choke on his own tongue. Mrs Smith rounds him and curls her hand around the waist of –
And with that, Cas’ nervousness gives way to another kind of feeling in his gut. Dean looks magnificent. And Cas really wants to know what he’s wearing under that robe. He reaches his hand out to let his finger trail over the fabric, down along Dean’s side. “May I?” he asks softly and hooks the tip of his index finger in the belt of the bathrobe, a little stunned by his own boldness.
Dean’s breath catches in his throat, and his heart beats against his ribs like a drum, from the adrenaline of the fight and the shock of finally meeting the angel he heard about. The unmoving figure looks magnificent. Dean hadn’t anticipated the flash of sheer yearning that pulses through his veins as his eyes travel over the tanned, dirty skin wrapped in leather and tight black fabric. The black wings, tucked neatly behind his back. It’s Cas, but it’s
Winter dragged on forever. Dean loved winter days with blazing white snow and he could live with the bitter cold days when the land lay frosted and sparkling under a clear sky. What they got instead, from November to March, were dark clouds full of fine rain and insistent mist that creeped into every room. The constant moisture made him sick – literally, too, so he spent Christmas and the first week of January in his bed, coughing and sweating and feeling sorry for himself.
Cas lifts an eyebrow at that but waves Bradbury to go on. “Winchester stays there whenever he’s in town. He’s good friends with the owner, people say. Ellen Singer.”
“Sorry,” he murmurs and turns to get blankets and pillows out of a drawer. He hands them over without locking at Dean. “Stay as long as you like.”
“You talking about the time you stared into space for hours and looked like a lifeless husk all the time,” Gabe’s voice is hard, and Cas hears Dean’s low gasp. A moment later, a warm hand slides against his palm and squeezes.
Sam supposes he’ll need a more lasting solution than headphones, at least for a few days. A motel, preferably a good distance away. The floor vibrates when he leaves a note on the kitchen table. A lightbulb shatters when he grabs his keys and heads for the garage.
Dean clears his throat. “I thought maybe you could dig something up? We’ve got to have intel here somewhere about wing grooming.”
The deal Cas struck with the Empty is binding, Jack explained to Dean right after he became the new God – Dean’s still wrapping his head around that fact –, when Dean raged and cried and begged.
By the time the wound is sewn shut and the stump wrapped in clean linen, it’s past midday. All four of them are drenched in sweat, exhausted from a sleepless night and the hard work of saving a man’s life. Sam falls asleep in his chair by the bed as soon as Ellen left the room to ride back home. Charles stumbles outside to vomit into the bushes next to the infirmary. Cas stands, sways on his feet, as he watches Dean out of gritty eyes. His form looks wrong beneath the bedsheet. But his chest is rising and falling, and rising and falling.
Hey guys, I changed the title, hope it's not too confusing. I'm planning to get another chapter done this weekend, but I can't promise anything. Unbeta'd.
“Almost there,” his father announced. His tone carried his conviction that Dean needed the hint, as if even detecting a building this size was above his mental capability.
Dean makes a small noise, and Sam’s head snaps over to them, his eyes taking in Dean’s appearances from head to toe, then Cas’ disheveled state. A crease forms between his brows as if he’s trying to solve a complicated case. He crosses his huge arms over his chest and the puzzled expression gives way to condescension.
“But there’s not much else I could do. Bobby led a few of his fighters to search for Lucifer, but I stayed back because I wanted to come back to you first.” She underlines something on a sheet in front of her, distracted, before her head snaps up and her eyes twinkle with excitement. “Oh, I totally forgot. I met their Castiel! He’s an angel warrior, you wouldn’t recognize him.”
“What happened?” she asks, putting her small hand on his arm. “What did he do?” There’s a crease between her brows and she looks as if she’s about to run off and slap Dean.
With Cas, every encounter was laced with a tension he couldn’t put a name on, that made every minute together special. He found it irked him to no end when they were interrupted in their chess games or their conversations. If he had allowed himself a closer look at those feelings, he would have recognized them as jealousy.
Against all odds and their own idiocy, they built a life together. Cas' thoughtfulness sometimes clashes with Dean’s more brash approach, but all in all they level each other out surprisingly well. There's bumps in the road of course. When Cas buries himself in a case and forgets everything around him. When they run into someone from Dean's past and Cas grips his hand a little tighter. Cas never says anything and Dean hopes it will go away with time.
So, obviously I didn't plan for this to happen, but I had this idea stuck in my head and it seems like I can't handle open ends even if I wrote them myself so ... have another chapter. I don't have a clear plan, but there might be about three more chapters coming.
. It wasn’t fair to Dean either who never once indicated this would be more than it was. Cas should get out before Dean realized Cas’ feelings. Dean’s pity would be unbearable. Being the genuinely caring person he was, he would try to comfort Cas. The thought alone lets bile rise in Cas’ throat.
The crease between Cas’ brows deepens, impossibly. Dean almost apologizes for snapping at him, but bites it back at the last moment, instead looks over to the kitchen and winks at the waitress.
Dean sighs. The memories are enough to make him chub up. He runs his palm up his thigh to squeeze his dick through the thin fabric of his shorts. Cas won’t mind, and it’s his own fault Dean’s getting restless. Dean’s cock fattens under his palm, tents the fabric as he keeps up his lazy strokes. He sets down his glass. Closes his eyes. Enjoys the slow built of arousal.
The kid at the desk hacks away at his keyboard, a frown creasing his forehead. “Uhm, I have both your reservations here, and they state that you wanted single rooms, but there must be a bug in the system.” He looks really uncomfortable now. “I’m very sorry, but we have no other rooms available at the moment. I can give you separate rooms tomorrow.” He doesn’t meet Cas’ eyes, so Cas turns his anger towards the man next to him.
Dean steered Cas through the undergrowth, ignoring his demands to know where they were headed. Cas still complained about the leaves and vines on his habit when Dean stopped and waited for his friend to lift his head. Cas did and Dean reveled in the little gasp that followed.
“I will let him know the next time I see him,” Cas bites out. He always prided himself for his ability to stay calm in the most heated arguments but something about Winchester’s arrogant demeanor gets to him and infuriates him more the longer the conversation lasts. Winchester’s bright green eyes follow his every movement, surely making all kinds of assumptions about his abilities as a leader.
Dean needs a moment to catch up. He’s very aware that he’s still straddling Cas’ thighs and how wide he has to spread his own around the sheer
His mind might be playing tricks and he might be gone mad over the last few days. All of that are possibilities he has to consider. But in a world turned upside down, and after all the times they played against the odds and seldom won, this might be the one time his cards are actually worth something. A tiny smile curls Cas’ lips, just like it used to when Cas ate his first PB&J sandwich as a human, just like it used to when Dean explained a plot twist in a movie to him.
Cas had made that decision early, because in his heart he knew no woman would ever tempt him to leave his path. He had felt superior to the other novices who struggled constantly with the urges of their bodies. Not so Cas – he had found his joy in reading, in teaching, in silent contemplation, sure that he was safe from the temptation of the flesh. Looking back, it seems almost poetical. When he gave up the right to lay with a woman, he had had yet to learn that he was weak, too, that he could be crippled by longing and desire like every single one of his friends.
Dean steps away gingerly but stays at Cas’ side. When Cas is done hurling the remnants of his dinner and the last shreds of his dignity onto the pavement, Dean starts cleaning the worst of the puke from his shoes with a tissue, then lays a warm hand on Cas’ neck.
Mrs Smith is as brightly dressed and unsettlingly cheerful as the first time Cas saw her. He gives his condolences – that’s what FBI agents do when they speak to the grieving –, but Mrs Smith interrupts him.
“Anything on Cas?” he asks, before turning around. The question has been asked quite a few times by now.
“Oh, is he awake? Should we tell him then? That you let yourself be captured to save him? Cas, you’ve always been way too soft for your own good. Those animals, they’re not worth our time. And that one, he’s certainly not worth your loyalty, trust me. I had really hoped in this world, you’d be a little less stupid.”
With a last long glare that Cas can feel like a physical touch Winchester pushes himself up and strides to the door where he turns for a last comment, because he has to have the last word, of course. “It was a delight to make your acquaintance, Lieutenant Milton. I’m sure we’ll meet again.” With a tip to his nonexistent hat, he exists, leaving Cas flabbergasted and still infuriated. His hands curl into fists on his desk, crumbling a piece of paper.
Cas leans back and holds out his hands. “Alright, alright,” he smiles, and Dean sets to work again, peels Cas out of his shirt and undershirt and drops his hands to Cas’ belt. Cas stays still and watches Dean, lifts his right foot when Dean taps against it to get him out of his shoes and socks. After a small eternity, Cas stands completely naked in the middle of the room while Dean’s eyes move over his skin.
He realizes he’s mulled that thought over for much too long. Dean is already back at the pan, watching the bacon fry, totally oblivious to Cas watching him like a creep. Cas clears his throat to announce his presence. When Dean turns, Cas clasps his hands in front of his lower body. Mornings and Dean-in-panties, that’s a dangerous mix. Better safe than sorry.
He fell silent and watched Dean closely. “When you’re not learning, you can help me with the bookkeeping and give Ellen a hand in the kitchen. I will think of other chores. No go with Garth. He’ll show you the refectory and the dormitory and give you your garments. Questions?”
Dean nods, slowly. He turns and he looks at Cas. The same blue eyes, the same chapped lips, the same unruly hair. And the same careful, deep stare that always used to make Dean so very uncomfortable, made him feel so very
Ash shrugs and takes another pull from the bottle, swallows the harsh liquor without flinching. “I guess. He’s not like the other angels I’ve met. I think something happened to him. He doesn’t seem to know what happened himself, but he told me about strange dreams he had lately. And then one of the demons we captured acted strange around him, as if he carried some kind of disease.” He shrugs again, his bony shoulders going up to his ears. “I sure as hell wouldn’t mind to have him fighting with us, but the others are wary. That’s why he’s still in shackles.”
The hunt went well. They have earned themselves a night off, Dean argues on the way back to the bunker. Sam sighs and Cas makes a non-commitical sound deep in his throat, which is enough of an affirmation in Dean’s book.
They should undress, he thinks hazily, and take this to his bed. He’d spread Dean out and cover each inch of his skin with his mouth and hands. Growing up in a catholic household, he never much cared for the spiritual. But here, with Dean in his arms, he might see the appeal to worship and loose oneself in it.
She nods. “I knew right away you’re not local. This place doesn’t offer much … variety.” Her smile is wide and brilliant. Dean orders them another drink, mostly to have time to think of something interesting to say. His social skills are not as smooth as they used to be. While he waits for his drink, Cas leans against the bar next to him.
Slowly, Cas nods, more to himself than the man on the bed. His feet know the way even if his mind is too numb to lead him.
Dean rocks his hips against Cas in slow circling motions, mouth wet and open on Cas’, tongues circling almost lazily as the heat between them builds. Cas dip a finger under the edge of the panties and smiles against Dean’s mouth when Dean’s hips rock forward and he moans a request. Yeah, he’d spread Dean out and take his time with him, he thinks as he slides his index finger further down and Dean opens his stance to accommodate him.
The next day, Dean started his research. He wanted to know everything there was to know about sin and how to defeat it.
“Because they have a life elsewhere.” Cas takes a step closer to Dean, puts a hand on his shoulder. The right one. “Because this isn’t real.”
Jack and Cas stand a few feet away. When Jack reaches out his hand, Dean shakes his head. Sam might trust the kid, but even if he got rid of Lucifer, Dean is not yet ready to trust him, too. Jack’s arms sinks slowly. Dean nods. His wounds will heal on their own.
Tears burn behind his eyes, the thick pressure in his forehead and the tightness of his throat a clear warning sign. He has to get out of here.
Dean weaves his fingers into Cas’ hair and pulls him into another deep kiss. Cas sucks on Dean’s tongue, circles it with his own and casually brushes against Dean’s groin again. Dean tugs on his hair harder. “Later. Right now, I want to take a shower.”
Silence falls between them again. Dean is drowsy, likely from a blow to the head, and he reminds himself to stay awake. He blinks when Castiel speaks up again.
Dean had often imagined how Cas had been before, when he was a soldier, a leader in heaven’s armies. He remembers the other-worldy coldness, the detached stare of Cas when he had first met him, the smooth façade that had crumpled with every action of free will until Cas had been unfit for the heavenly host.
Dean finds a nice restaurant in walking distance from the hotel and sends Cas the address. There’s a smiling emoji next to it, so Cas sends the same back.
“I understand that matters have been handled differently in the past, but now I am in charge to restore order to this town and I happen to take this task seriously. So I wanted to give you a fair warning: If you or your men are found trading stolen goods, or witnessed to be associated with any other acts of privacy, I will personally make sure you will hang.”
Cas closes his eyes halfway through, bites down on his cheeks hard enough to draw blood, to keep himself from throwing up. He fervently wishes he could close his nose and ears, too. Nevertheless, he doesn’t let up in his task. Both his hands are curled around Dean right thigh, digging into the clammy, trembling flesh, dusted with soft auburn hair that tickles the sides of his hands. Sam and Charles hold down one shoulder each. Sam whispers reassurance in a steady stream. “I’m here, Dean, everything will be alright, I’m here.”
Dean’s done first and leans against the sink while Cas finishes up. When he straightens, Dean surges. A warm hand on Cas’ neck, and Dean is there, close, but stops right before their lips meet.
"Why am I on your lockscreen, Cas?“ he asks, and his own voice sounds all wrong, words pushing against the sudden lump in his throat, strangled by his rising pulse.
On the fifth day, Cas came to his cot way after midnight with a bowl of hot soup and a few pieces of stale bread. He sat on the ground next to Dean’s bed while Dean delved into the food and moaned around the first spoonful of tasty bean stew. He felt Cas’ eyes on him but didn’t look up until he finished.
Cas can only nod and Dean chuckles, supposedly at his dumb-struck expression. It makes Cas look up. The blush on Dean’s skin deepens while he watches and he reaches out again to lay his hand softly over Dean’s heart, just like Dean did a moment before. He can feel Dean’s heart beat steady and fast beneath his palm. He moves his palm up slowly under the trimmed edge of the bathrobe and pushes it over Dean’s shoulder until it falls onto the ground. The room is suddenly very quiet.
“Let’s see. Why is prostitution accepted and even encouraged, when… uhm… one can take care of the matter… you know… alone? I don’t see what’s so bad about it?”
Dean lifts his chin for another kiss, nothing but tongue and teeth and spit. Their hands move in the same rhythm, and the small stall echoes with the slapping sound of wet skin on skin, the sucking noise on the upstroke, the rasp of their heavy breathing.
The lazy exploration and the eloquent tricks Dean started out with transform into something more carnal, more urgent as he swallows around Cas’ cock and grips his ass to hold him close and deep inside him. Cas mirrors the movement and finds that he can take Dean deeper in this position. He breathes slowly through his nose and keeps pushing forward, against the strange feeling of Dean’s cock bumping against the muscle of his throat. Ignoring the impulse to gag, he stops the forward motion, and when his body’s reaction subsides, he tries again.
“You seemed to like the suit just fine earlier.” Cas nibbles on Dean’s full bottom lip and busies himself with undressing Dean in a more coordinated manner.
Cas listens to Dean’s moans and he ignores the way his pants grow tight, just as he ignores the way Dean flirts with Sunny, and he decidedly does not, for the thousandth time, imagine how it would feel if that charm would be directed at him.
“This is not my province, I’m afraid. But I firmly believe that no soul is irredeemable. And I… I don’t think you are evil, Dean.”
Dean’s head spun. He didn’t want to think about it, but he still woke up at night drenched in sweat, unable to remember the dream, but he was sure his mother had been in it. The other boys told him about their families and how much they missed them, and Dean felt hollow and alone. Since not talking hadn’t made anything better, maybe telling Cas would?
“No, Cas. But I heard you from a mile away. As an angel, you’ve got to be able to be moresneaky than that.”
He upends the bin over the bed and reads through each and every one. Dean must have sat here this morning, trying to find the right words, and he started again and again. With each letter, something inside Cas’ chest unfolds and spreads. There’s nothing casual about the way Dean wanted to make sure to get this simple note right. When he read them all, Cas sits on the bed, crumpled sheets of paper in his trembling hands, throat tight with emotion.
“So if I had a lucky bastard – or bastardess – in mind, you’d tell me to go for it?” Dean should really look unappealing while he shovels the last pancake into his mouth and licks the syrup off his fingers.
Castiel was a good teacher, patient but full of enthusiasm for his topics. Dean was impressed by Castiel’s vast knowledge and his willingness to consider every perspective before he made up his mind. As a soon-to-be-monk, this open-mindedness seemed like another contradiction in Castiel’s character. One afternoon, Dean asked him about it.
“Okay, so Sunny and Conrad had an affair.” Dean’s voice is hoarse. Cas wonders why. “We’ll talk to her tomorrow.”
Sorry this took so long! Warning for violence, but nothing overly graphic. Let me know if more warning/tags are needed, please, and tell me what you think?
Lucifer taps his foot while he waits for the grace to trickle out, impatient, because it’s taking longer and longer. Dean decides to play along, if only to prevent Lucifer from hurting Cas again to reprimand him for his failing body.
“Oh, is that what this is? Could have fooled me,” Cas answers, still smiling and more than a little surprised by his own forwardness.
Cas holds out his hands to stop Dean’s rambling. “Wait, hold up please. You… knew that Sam is working at my firm?”
I learned the hard way not to make any promises, but I can tell you that a good part of the last chapter is written and it's gonna have some fluff in it.
Cas shook his head. “I don’t know much about these things and I know what the law says, but I am convinced that the reason why people do something is important. At least for me, it makes a difference if someone steals because he’s greedy or if he steals because he’s hungry.”
Dean’s arms come up around Cas’ neck to pull him closer. Heat rushes along Cas’ spine and pools deep inside him, and that’s before Dean opens his plush lips and darts out his tongue to get a taste. They meet hesitantly, just a slow tangle, but it sets Cas’ nerves on fire like few kisses ever did. There’s something about the way Dean explores him, sighs against his lips and presses his whole body against him, that makes him forget that they’re technically still strangers, that Cas is an uptight laywer and Dean a sexy mechanic, that they have next to nothing in common – right here, right now, they’re just Cas and Dean, who fit against each other like two pieces of a puzzle.
It feels weird to go back up to his room and get dressed again only to get undressed later, but Cas does it anyway. He settles for grey slacks and a dark blue short-sleeved button down. His stomach flutters with nerves the whole way to Dean’s room and he pauses for long minutes in front of the door.
Time flies by while they get to know each other. Every new thing Cas learns sheds another beam of light on the person he’s slowly falling for. Dean is so much more than the man he first saw at the reception desk. He’s bright where Cas is stern, energetic where Cas is contemplative, practical where Cas is academic. They shouldn’t fit so well, but they do, and in Dean’s warm eyes, Cas begins to see what Dean might see in him, a riddle to be solved, a yin to Dean’s yang that he wants to figure out. It’s what Cas feels anyway, and he’s sure he wouldn’t be able to figure Dean out even if he had years.
“Bye Dean,” Cas whispers low enough that Dean won’t hear his voice breaking. The first burning tear grows and grows until it spills slowly over, runs down his cheek.
“As soon as I had my coffee, I promise I will flirt with you, full-on Winchester-charm. I will tell you how good that shirt looks on you, and how I appreciate the tight fit of those pants, though I bet swim-shorts would look even better.”
That's it, guys. Thank you to everybody who stuck with this for the last two years, for having faith that this story would one day be finished against all odds. You're amazing!!!
, and Dean lets his eyes linger on him while Cas comes closer. Cas doesn’t break eye contact and the smile stays firmly on his lips.
, he thinks, Led Zeppelin. Dean groans and pats the bedside table with a murmured apology for the interruption.
He started visiting the classes of Brother Zachariah, an older monk, whose chosen field revolved around those exact questions. Zachariah was a sturdy man with mean little eyes and a deep hatred for every kind of ungodly behavior, most of all everything sexual. Like everyone else, he had heard about Dean’s family history and his face lit up with a nasty glint when he found Dean in his class.
Dean’s hips move in wanton waves under his palm, the motion so carnal that Cas can’t help but imagine what Dean would look like beneath him, taking him into his body. He groans into Dean’s open mouth and rubs his cock against Dean’s thigh in aborted thrusts, mimicking the act he’s picturing in his mind.
Cas is not amused. He stands in front of Dean with his arms crossed, his eyes unfairly blue and his biceps bulging in that godforsaken t-shirt. The laughter wheezes out of Dean.
Cas clutched at his sides and inhaled unsteadily. He wasn’t laughing. Hot tears fell onto Dean’s shoulder and a viscous sob wrecked Cas’ body. Dean wound his arms around him and held tight. He had no words to soothe him. While he watched the soft white clouds pass over the summer sky, Dean drew small circles on Cas’ back and waited for him to cry his heart out.
Now he looks at her fading form as she makes her way up the hills next to Garth. He will head out east with Danny, over to Olympia, and kill the devil. He tries to ban the news about the angel from his thoughts, but fails miserably. It’s a version of Cas that never met Sam or Dean, most likely never really interacted with humans.
“Next time,” he whispers like he’s sharing secret, “next time I’ll let you fuck my mouth.” He underlines the promise with a wicked twist of his hand that makes Cas see stars. “Can’t wait to get a taste of you.”
He lets his eyes dart away, but Dean’s not having it. He guides Cas’ chin back with his index finger, until Cas’ can’t look away anymore.
Dean thinks back to their meeting on the battlefield. For some reason, the angel recognized him, didn’t he? Did someone tell him about Dean? In that moment, Dean had been too shell-shocked to ask about it. Now the question burns in the back of his brain, insistent like a buzzing fly.
“Open your eyes, Cas, please,” Dean panted. And he knew he wasn’t playing fair, but he curled his hips again and reveled in the shiver that ran through the body under him and the grunt Cas couldn’t hold in.
. Dean chews on the inside of his cheek and watches Cas as he hangs in his shackles and gets paler by the minute.
Dean parks the car on the curb and rounds it to open Cas’ door like the gentleman he is, trudges alongside him up to the steps that lead to Cas’ house. Cas fumbles out his keys with clumsy fingers. It takes long enough that Dean sighs and grabs the keys from him to open the door himself.
Cas takes the chance and quietly gets up. He grabs his clothes and vanishes into the bathroom, heart pounding so hard in his chest that his throat goes tight and he feels a little light-headed. So Dean obviously doesn’t want his brother to know about Cas. From what Cas can tell from their conversations, the brothers open about every aspect of their lives with each other, so Dean not trusting Sam with the information can’t be the reason. No, he thinks, the reason is me. Dean doesn’t want to tell Sam because this is a fling, a holiday romance if that old-fashioned word even fits, a hook-up that will be forgotten next week.
Dean stands and throws up his hands up as if to shield himself. “Woah there, Cas. I told you that’s not okay. No invading other’s minds and picking their brains! Stop it!”
Dean barks a laugh, and Cas takes the chance to admire the curve of his neck. He’s suddenly very aware of how close they sit, Dean’s thigh is pressed against his own and Cas still remembers the weight of it, the warmth of it just hours ago.
The easy smile falls from Dean’s face as if it’s been wiped away. A crease builds between his brows while his eyes flicker over Cas’ face as if they’re searching for an explanation in his features. Cas can’t let him look for too long, because he knows his carefully schooled expression is crumbling at the edges. Cas is famous for his poker face at court. He wishes he could conjure it now, but his jaw already aches from clenching. He turns and walks over to the door.
Cas turns his hand to fit his palm into Dean’s. “It’s wonderful Dean, I’m sure the food is amazing.”
Dean hangs his head and tries to open his eyes again without drawing attention to the fact that he’s conscious again. His head thumps like someone planted a jackhammer in his skull, now worsened by the familiar rage brought on by Lucifer’s ridiculous antics.
Cas had meant to soothe him in a frightening situation a few weeks ago, and Dean had reveled in the warmth and the closeness like some wanton bitch. Disgusted by himself, he gripped his hands tighter and bowed his head until the tendons in his neck screamed. He could still tell exactly where Cas’ hands had lain on his back, how they had moved and centered him.
“You told me how to dress and to open the button on my shirt, because you thought I looked better that way.”
“Don’t ever apologize for something as awesome as this,” Dean grins. “I thought I would have to tease you the whole day before I got you to react, wouldn’t have pegged you this easy.” He winks again, and Cas thinks he could get used to this.
“Why don’t you tell me what you know about this goddamn war,” he suggests, and Castiel, after a long pause, complies.
When the evening comes they rest for two hours before they set out again. Day and night bleed into each other here, never really dark, never really bright. They’re on the deserted highway now so they can find their way in the dim half-light of the full moon. The yellow-grey clouds obscure its contours, but their eyes adjust to the gloom that trickles through. When the sky gets slightly brighter again, they can see the outskirts of the city.
Gabe leads Sam out with a light touch on his arm, still very, very close to their new associate. Cas grins despite himself, before the implications crashed down on him like a landslide. What the hell is he supposed to do now? It was only a matter of time before anyone slips up, and people would realize that Cas’ mysterious heartbreaker is in fact Sam’s brother. The firm is small, and people gossip all the time.
He packs his bags, trying not to think about what happened in Dean’s room and refusing to look too closely at his decisions. When he takes one last look around the room to make sure he didn’t miss anything he realizes his cheeks are wet with tears. Cas wipes at them angrily and shuts the door behind him.
Dean looks down on his hands, spread out on the table as if he wants to feel something solid under them. “It’s not that simple, Sam. I can’t go to him and ask about stuff like that. That’s not how we work.”
Dean doesn’t meet his eyes. Licks his lips. It’s as distracting as it is endearing. “I … wondered if you’d run because you were embarrassed.”
Dean holds out his hands to the side and cocks his head in a go-ahead-motion. The soft fabric falls open with the first tug of Cas’ finger, revealing the wide expanse of Dean’s chest and the fact that, yes, he’s wearing panties again. Light blue. Lace trim. A small bow that sits snug over the outline of a half-hard erection. Cas’ mouth waters at the sight.
“Wait, what? Slow down, okay? Milton & Partners? That’s a good firm, isn’t it? Great news! I knew you’d make it!” Dean laughs. “Congrats, Sasquatch!”
Dean smiles at that and winces when a deep gash on his bottom lip opens from the motion. His lids part slowly, and he blinks a few times to open his eyes fully. His hands are bound, so he can’t rub the grime from them. A quick inspection confirms his suspicion. They took his gun, his angel blade, his knife. It’s ridiculous who naked he feels without them, seeing that they wouldn’t do him much good anyways.
In the dim light and with the backdrop of the hushed voices around them, the table feels like a little bubble just for them. It’s intimate and warm, and the anxiety loosens in Cas’ chest with every breath. Dean claps his hand over the red checkered tablecloth. “I hope you like it,” he murmurs.
Fed up, by himself, the situation and the world in general, Dean snags the crumbling paper from under Cas’ nose, takes one look and puts it flat on the table.
“I’m going to be a monk because God gave us the ability to learn and achieve knowledge about his works. The world he created is astounding – how can I serve him better than by trying to understand it? By studying the works of the great minds that came before us and entering a – one-sided – discussion with them?”
“How should I know? Maybe? What does it matter? She broke her promise before God and she betrayed her family.”
That might be the beginning of a wistful smile curling the edges of Cas’ mouth. Hard to say with only the light from the We’re Open-sign next to the door and the flickering street lamp.
“You held yourself well,” Ash says. He looks like death warmed over, a large gash still oozing blood over his left eyebrow. Dean sees traces of his old pal in him, but a lot of the good-natured sass is replaced by cool strategic efficiency. “Not sure we would’ve made it without you.”
Cas is still awake three hours later, so feels Dean stirring in his sleep. When he hears the first moan, Cas is sure Dean’s having the nice kind of dream, and tries to block it out and not wonder what Dean might be dreaming about.
Others, Dean finds himself kneeling on the kitchen floor with his jaw stretched around Cas’ cock, and Cas looking down at him with that shimmer in his eyes that makes Dean feel wanted and adored and completely used at the same time. He’s still bad at dirty talk, but Dean gets a specific thrill out of it when Cas can’t help himself and tells Dean how good it feels, how beautiful Dean looks when he gets his face fucked by Cas.
“Yeah?” Dean asks, a stupid grin splitting his face. He strains to lift his head and look down at Cas, gaze flicking from Cas’ mouth to where he’s crouching on the bed, to where his enjoyment of the proceedings is evident.
And he liked the singing, even if he would never admit it. When the chorus of young voices echoed through the church, it left a feeling of togetherness, a common bond, that Dean hadn’t had at home in a long time. And so he sang, loud, with all his heart and his eyes closed. The “Gloria” had always been his favorite, even as a child. The melody rising up and down, clear, full of hope and purity, let him step out of himself and his sorrows for a while. When the last notes trailed off, Dean opened his eyes again and felt refreshed.
The words die in his mouth when he takes him in for the first time. His face – he is so gorgeous, it’s unfair. Deep green eyes, freckled skin, strong jaw, full lips. He looks like an indecent fantasy incarnate, and Cas’ tongue sticks to the roof of his mouth.
“The hell you won’t go,” Gabe interrupts him when Cas tries to explain. He sits on the edge of Cas’ desk, a habit Cas despises, but doesn’t bother to point out. “It’s your firm, too, and you have an obligation to show up.”
Dean is already over by the table, grabs a piece of paper, – a shopping list –, and scribbles a quick note to Sam. He’s bad at goodbyes, always was. And Sam knew this would happen if Jack came up empty just like he knew Dean would never let Sam come with. He’ll cope.
He swallows down the tennisball-sized lump in his throat and nods his thanks, before he turns and runs from the lobby.
“And what do you propose I do instead?” Cas cushions his chin on Dean’s thigh and gazes up at him in what he hopes looks like innocent curiosity. His heart is pounding loudly in his chest. It’s not his style to play like this, and he’s more than little surprised how much he likes it. Dean’s eyes are blown when he stares back at him, his right eyebrow curving up elegantly as if it wants to tell Cas what a ridiculous question that is.
Sam sits back on his haunches. He watches as Jack leans over Cas’ body on the floor. A crease builds between his brows as Jack’s hovering his hand over Cas’ chest and sends a warm light into him.
“That morning, at the hotel-,” Dean starts in a hoarse voice. “I thought about you, lying in that bed, and about what it’d do to you to know what I’m doing next door.”
, Dean thought, but he would never say it out loud. His father wanted him to become a monk and pay for his mother’s sins. Most of all, Dean suspected, his father wanted him out of his sight, because his oldest son reminded him too much of
“What are you doing?” Dean sound breathless, his chest is heaving. His eyes flicker between Cas’ own, but he doesn’t step back.
And Cas obeys, cries out with the force of it, as he tumbles over the edge, watches rapt as he’s coming all over Dean’s spoilt underwear, messing him up even more. Dean mumbles encouragements, while wave after wave trembles through Cas. Dean wrings the last ounce of pleasure from him with sure hands, until Cas’ elbows give out and he lands half on Dean, half next to him. Dean laughs, and in his post-orgasmic haze, Cas thinks it’s the most beautiful sound on earth.
“It’s in my blood. You should keep away from me. I’m here because my father thought the monastic life would cleanse me, but it’s not working. The evil in me… it’s still there.”
The small lake lay hidden behind trees, invisible from the road. Sunlight filtered through the trees and sparkled on the quiet surface of the pond. Willows curled over the water and formed alcoves full of shadows. A small stripe of soft green grass lay between the forest and the shore. Dean remembered his awe at the beauty of it all when he had first stood here. He knew Cas would feel the same.
“It’s not about money, you idiot. It’s about you doing something for yourself for the first time in years and it ending in a disaster. I almost feel bad for sending you there.” Cas shoots him a look. “
When he finally makes it outside, he night slams into him like a fist. The cold air burns his lungs and his nose goes numb in a second. He blinks against the clear night sky, waits for his eyes to adjust. He’ll have to fumble out his phone soon to call a cab, but for the moment he’s content to let the cold seep into his skin and sober him up a little.
Cas spent the whole day making plans and discard them. His goal is to get solid proof of Winchester’s crimes, but he’s shown his hand and Winchester will not be dumb enough to come back here with whatever prize he’s taking. No, he’ll sell the goods somewhere else and come back here to rub it in Cas’ face. Cas can’t follow Winchester’s ship either. He’ll be spotted and most likely Winchester will lure him into a fight, a fight Cas knows he can’t win with his meager troops. So when Bradbury’s note arrives, he’s stuck with his last, the most harebrained and reckless plan of all.
“No, I’m afraid not, Dean. Most people don’t see it that way. They want a clear guideline for their life, they want others to tell them what is right and what is wrong. I can’t fault them for it. Sometimes it’s easier to just follow a rule without asking if it’s a good one.”
Grace is gorgeous. With an elegant roll of her hips, she slides into the spot next to Dean so that her side is pressed to his, close enough that he can feel her warmth.
She smiles. “I am. And as much as I’d love to needle you about that special night, I gotta meet up with my girl.” She stands and waves a brunette woman at the other end of the room. “See you later, maybe?”
John released one of his harsh grunts that Dean had come to hate. The sound condensed John’s lengthy lectures about how much of a disappointment his son was.
“That was then. Now I want them gone. Right. Now.” The third button an Cas’ shirt is no match for Dean’s rough handling and rips off with a pop. Cas has Dean down to his undershirt by then and pinches his side in reprimand.
Cas lets that sink in for a minute, sipping his coffee and glancing over at Dean now and then. Dean sounds honest. In the short time they’ve known each other Cas learned that Dean might in fact have rather
Castiel took a few hours out of his busy schedule to tutor Dean on all the topics that hadn’t been part of his education but were assumed for any student at the monastery. Latin, bible studies and catholic law filled their Thursday afternoons.
“Five minutes ago you thought I was an attacker and your heart rate stayed steady. Now you know you’re not in danger.” Cas’ mouth is still so, so close while he says it, and Dean can’t move, can’t say anything because Cas is right, he’s terrified right now, and as soon as Cas finds out why, he’ll never want to see Dean again.
“If that’s what you have to do,” she says slowly. She worries her lip as she contemplates her next words. “I think you should know that I haven’t seen him this happy in a long while. Dean’s my best friend, and I know he fucks things up now and then, but he’s good guy, Cas.” She lets her hand slide down his arm to grip his hand in a reassuring squeeze. “I hope you’ll change your mind about this.”
That night, Sam’s on his way to the bathroom when he hears it. Low, deep moans reverberating along the hall from Cas’ room.
Dean catches the hint and lets his eyes fall shut again. He listens to the sound of Lucifer turning, and shudders when a new tone enters that godforsaken voice that never fails to make Dean grind his teeth.
Cas pushed up and turned them around in one quick motion. For a second, Dean was sure that Cas would get up and leave, that this terrifying and new thing between them was lost, and an apology started to form on his lips when Cas surged down and pressed his mouth on Dean’s. Cas hands found his and pressed them into the soft earth while his hips ground down. Dean cried out. Cas swallowed the sound.
Dean is heaving deep trembling breaths that sound like sobs now and then. “Thank you for waking me,” he murmurs. He sounds small and fragile, and it breaks Cas' heart to hear someone as full of life as Dean this vulnerable. Without thinking, he reaches out again to pat Dean’s shoulder. Dean sighs with relief and turns to him, still keeping space between their bodies.
Cas frames Dean’s head to hold him and swipes his thumb against his cheek to feel himself moving inside Dean’s mouth. Dean looks up, dark gaze full of mirth and joy, and then he winks and hums an encouraging note while he lets his mouth go slack. While Cas’ mind is still scrambling, his dick gets the message just fine. He hardens impossibly further when Dean places his hands on Cas’ thighs and nods once.
