John was 11 when he found out he didn’t have a brother.
Today had been an eventful day. He had woken up late because he spent last night with Irene stapling the copies of the articles to the back of every newspaper the school had to offer. then he had stayed up even longer writing the note to John. Irene had offered to help because Sherlock didn’t have much experience typing his own deductions on paper. Sherlock was determined to make this one especially by himself. He hoped somehow John would tell the difference between his voice on paper, and what Irene though his voice would sound like on paper. But at the same time, he didn’t because what if John hated the real him, as most did. It was stupid, he knew it was just teenage hormones but that didn’t mean he could easily shut them off as much as he tried, he could never manage.
“Hi, you must be Sherlock, I’m John Watson” He offered a hand and the other man just looked at it. A bit odd but John wasn't too worried about it, there were a few germaphobes out there after all. Though it could also be a rejection to his subtle passes so he decided to back off.
“I’m gonna go stay with Oliver until I get on my feet, I just wanted to let you know so you didn’t worry.”
He was in a bit of a bad mood because his piano lesson had been cut back an hour to fit the practice into his schedule. He had worked himself up about meeting his new instructor who would no doubt judge him for his sluggish ways. He opened the door to the small personal gym and was met with a surprise. As far as royalty goes Mycroft was by no means spoiled, and he was expecting a personal trainer, but he was expecting someone a little bit older than the man he was met with.
Sorry, it took so long. I had to write a three page paper and that kind of wiped me out
Um, yeah, I guess, but how would we play exactly.
“I’m at the main doors, and thank you, Sherlock, really.” Sherlock hung up and opened the door in front of him.
So much stuff happens
He was walking to school today, not something he usually did but it was nice and he was ready a half an hour before his usual train was set to leave. It really wasn’t a long walk, but the extra few minutes it added to his sleep were much needed most of the time, but today he was feeling particularly chipper.
Are you gay?
“No, Sherlock, He’s a fuckin’ bigot’s what ‘e is, and I don’t care if you told ‘im his mother was a whore, no one should say that shit abou’ you, abou’ anyone.” Sherlock was holding onto Johns shoulder
“See it’s already easier” John leaned back in his desk chair and gave a smile that could kill.
John's heart raced at the comment, and his pants became unbelievably tight almost instantly, and he’d never admitted it but a breathy moan slipped from his lips, and Sherlock chuckled seductively.
about my marriage”
“I’m not a baby Harry, and I’m not stupid, what's going on, why are you acting weird,” John demanded.
A few minutes later after John had conditioned his hair he glanced back out to check on the cat and was happy to see it had left. He finished up his shower quickly without the worry weighing in the back of his mind. He stepped out of the shower and into the colder air of his flat and was shocked to see the hairless creature sitting happily on his sink, and even more taken aback when he saw what the felin was holding in his mouth.
“I have needs Sherlock, you can’t expect me to be celibate for the rest of my life” Sherlock looked at him obviously running over something in his head
His favorite pair of red pants. John didn’t usually go for loud colours but something about the y-front pants made his ass look great and whenever he was feeling particularly gloomy, like today, they would brighten up his mood. Even if only a little bit. And not this rancide thing had his prised possession between his grimy little teeth with what could only be described as a grin plastering his face.
“John, I think maybe we should just go home and sort this all out in the morning, and while I appreciate you trying to save me I am no damsel in distress.” Sherlock’s cheeks were rosy from either the alcohol or the cold, John couldn't tell. But what he could see was the way Sherlock hunched slightly to concave his chest more than it already was. He saw the way his jaw was set just slightly tensed to make it sharper. He saw the insecurities that Greg had reestablished and he couldn’t let that sit until tomorrow, he was bound and determined to knock some sense into his friend even if it meant literally knocking some sense into him.
“John! what are you doing down here?” He seemed angry and John only looked at him with wide eyes expecting to be scolded.
Sherlock scrambled to get his laptop from his bag and sat it down on the bed in front of him. As soon as he opened the lip the familiar sound of an incoming call rang through the room. He clicked it hesitantly, John’s face popped up instantly
After Tommy left Harry called him over to sit on the couch.
“Honey,” his father shouted and John could see his mom jump and nearly drop the saran-wrapped plate
“Yes, yes go ahead.” whispered and John grins a little forced but all wit good in mind. Then suddenly John’s head was covered in raw egg. He ,made a silent ‘oh’ with his mouth. Sherlock couldn’t hold the laughter back on the other end of the line. John rains his hands through his hair before he could realize his mistake. Yet again Sherlock and John shared a proper laughing fit.
“Oh, come on John. You’ll never make the captain of the rugby team with that kind of attitude.” Sherlock chuckled at the look on john's face.
John, I have a proposition for you-W
“Having sex without knowing anything about each other”
“You and Lestrade were talking about it, goodbye John.” it took a moment for John to take in the information. When he did, he turned around and walked over to his usual table where everyone greeted him.
“So who do you think it is John?” Greg asked bringing him back to the real world. “Who do I think who is?.” Greg rolled his eyes “William yeah idiot.” John only shrugged, realising the one thing wrong with Sherlock, he wasn’t William.
John flipped them once he got his grips detaching his lips from Sherlocks and pressing the close to his ear “Don’t come until I tell you to. Do you think you can do that? Think you can be a good boy for me?” He nipped at his ear and felt Sherlock nod his head and whimper. “Good”
After school was over for the day he gave himself a few hours to ensure that John wasn’t with friends or at rugby practice.
In John’s high school the paper was popular. Not because it was fantastic, god no, it was horrendous. But without failure every Friday an article was attached to the back, the majority only lasted a page or two but a select bunch lasted six. The articles- if you could even call them that- weren’t even part of the newspaper itself, and the newspaper crew was as surprised as everyone else when they started to show up on the back every Friday.
“I don’t beg” Sherlock moaned as John continued to trail down his neck with his lip and teeth. John paused
It felt weird knowing that john couldn’t see him but he could see John. Almost like he was a stalker, but the pry knew, and dare he say show off for him.
“I’m leaving, I just can’t do this anymore Johnny”
When John got to the sitting room he saw his chance, The cat was trying hopelessly to open the front door and in the process had dropped the pants next to them. Before john could even think of a plan the cat, by some miracle had opened the door picked up John’s pants before dashing up the stairs to where he no doubt lived. John didn’t hesitate to follow after the cat not even when it had pushed open the door to it’s home. John was met with a very mundane sight. Two men were in the room he had just entered. One was leaning on an umbrella as if it were a cain, he wore a expensive looking suit, and a receding hairline. Something about him screamed importance.
“What do they look like?” The other man asked as soon as his brother was gone.
I’ve noticed your interest in my articles. Although many of the student body seems to be interested you more than the rest. I figured I would give you a little treat if you will, and spend a moment of time to write out my deductions about you.
It was late at night, later than any of them should have been up really. His father was piss drunk staring at the tv with glazed over eyes and his mom was putting the last of the leftovers away.
Below the text was indeed a phone number, and John nearly lost his shit. He was angry with himself for not looking in his bag sooner.He wondered if William was anxiously awaiting his text, and decided it would be cruel of him to make him wait any longer.
“Well then don’t be one” Harry just stared at him “You’ll be my sister now, my big sister Harry. I know plenty of girls named Harry.”
“That wasn’t what I was suggesting, I could just as easily fill the role-”
“You wouldn’t understand Johnny, your not old enough,” John puffed out his chest
John Watson had just moved into 221c. It wasn’t the best apartment in London, but it wasn’t the worst. The landlady was very sweet and rented it to him for cheap as he promised to fix it up a bit while he stayed. He wasn’t really ready to give up London, he probably wouldn’t ever be, but he didn’t have a job, and was currently living off of a very small army pention. He had looked around for some part time jobs, not necessarily even in the medical field, as his therapist had suggested that he become more acclimated into civilian lifestyle before he tries to get a long term job. He had come up short, however, well not really short, he had seen plenty of ads for part time jobs, but none of them had seemed good. They were mostly in the fast food industry looking for some first-time teens, and that was something he definitely was not.
A very naked Sherlock was laid out across his bed with a sheet placed poorly over what he can only assume is an impressive erection.
“It doesn’t matter what we do anyway it won't last and you know it he’ll be drunk and throwing shit by tomorrow”
“Let's not make you wait any longer,” Sherlock said grabbing his hand and pulling him into the bed.it started with a heavy and heated kiss fueled by nothing but attraction and sexual tension. John soon moved his mouth down along Sherlock's jaw placing kisses and nips every few inches until he reached the long pale neck that was stretched and presented to him as an offering from his partner. He started behind his ear licking and nipping before moving on to pull the earlobe and trail his nose lightly up the shell of his ear. This was met with a grown, and a needy thrust of the other man's hips trying to catch friction from John's thigh but his body hovered just out of reach.
“ I just fixed up a few holes here and there, it wasn’t too much work. I didn’t have much to move in either. I’m thinking I'll start on the plumbing next. Just some simple stuff, the leaky bathroom sink, the rusted pipe under the kitchen sink shouldn’t take more than a week I think.” He showed her the rusted pipe that Mrs.hudson didn’t know about and some of the paint swatches he had picked up from the supply store while he was out to see which colour she wanted him to do or each room.
Irene’s head fell and she closed her eyes with a sigh. She know this day would come. Sherlock sounded insane, and for anyone else it would be. Sherlock had never done well with emotions William had always been their code if he had been feeling particularly sad, or scared.  “Sherlock this doesn't have to be a bad thing. Evolution is key to the survival of a race. Change can be a good.”
“You should go,” Sherlock's voice said to his right. He saw the man sitting in a chair fully dressed looking as though a few hours ago he wasn’t asking for it bareback.
“Next time okay, we can both get tested and we can do it next time yeah” Sherlock didn’t say anything just looked away but John let it go.
“Do you need a phone to call your parents or something, because you can borrow mine if you’d like.” The smile on Sherlock's face feel instantly
“Such a good boy for telling me” John praised stroking his cheek and planting a few kisses on his mouth. “Now onto the sofa with you” Sherlock followed the instructions easily as John told him how to position himself. Sherlock ended with his ass in the air on his elbows and knees. His hands and for head rested on the armrest and his ass faced the currently empty another half of the sofa. “Now listen closely. You are not allowed to touch yourself, beg me to touch you, or come. Can you do that” Sherlock nodded?
Irene sighed, “you should really stop treating that poor old lady as your maid, she is here to cook for you, that’s all, and you have her running around doing laundry and making up rooms for guests that aren't even here’ Irene followed him to her usual room and stopped outside  the door
Of course, the line of questioning had lead in this direction, and it was only normal for John to be curious.
John couldn’t say no to a good whiskey, and after a few to many whiskeys he couldn’t say no to the bright eyed just 20-somethings that offered him a shot and from there things maybe got a little out of hand
“Well if you’re ever looking for something to do Sherlock’s flat needs some fixing up. A few leaking faucets and holes in the wall” John stilled for a moment at the mention of the name recalling what had happened. John gave a slightly soured smile.
“Yes?” Sherlock asked with an unamused look on his sharp features.
Interesting, give me a second
Before John could stop himself he fell into the rabbit hole, and before he knew it the bell was ringing and everyone was rushing from the class. John still had to put his notebook in his bag, so he stayed behind. He notices the curly head of hair still laying on the desk and he couldn’t help but feel bad for the kid. He had been there before, the stress and homework had him falling asleep in a few of his classes and the teacher never wakes you as some kind of punishment. He walked over to the lump of dark chestnut hair and tapped on the desk and when he didn’t get a response nudged the shoulder of the sleeping boy softly.
“I have to go.” Sherlock sounded rushed and John was considered. All he heard was the sound of a door.
John hated cats with a passion, and they all seemed to hate him right back. He was just getting ready to get into the shower when he saw the little devil on his kitchen window sill. He had seen the ugly hairless cat before, and he was pretty sure it was the guy living above him that owned the thing. He almost went to shoo the cat away but realised is state of undressed and decided to let the cat scurry along on its own. Just incase it got any smart ideas he left the bathroom door open just enough to see the mole rat looking menace.
John had a point, and it would be better to hear his voice.
“Sherlock” He replied.
“Right” Mycroft squeaked, before clearing his thoughts and playing it off as his voice cracking.
Well, in that case, no
“It seems like Chev has gotten himself into a bit of trouble. We will pick up this argument later brother dear. Don’t forget to give Mike a pet on the way out. He does miss you now and then.” The man in the suit shot his brother a glare before going to the door, but not before petting the fat tabby cat that had himself perched on the armrest of the love set by the door.
"No, well yes, they can't know Tommy was here, but you also can't tell them Tommy is gay okay, you can't even tell them you know what it means, okay?"
Truth or Dare?-W
“No, that’s not… what I was talkin’ about…,”  It took John
“You!?” John started to laugh again but when Sherlock didn’t join in he stopped “You’re serious?”
“Yes sir,” He said as he turned and went back to the kitchen retrieving the beer. When he handed the drink his father only grinned and John walked carefully to the stairs, that he had to stop himself from taking two at a time.
He went to walk to his normal seat, but then his eye caught something familiar, the head of untamed curls from earlier that day. Sherlock was sitting alone at his table, with no food or any other person around. He took a detour and sat down next to Sherlock who was watching him with calculating eyes.
“Right well it’s just like that.” Greg got up and walked over to his bag and pulled out a small Bluetooth speaker and his phone. “Here I'll show you.” Mycroft watched Greg set up the speakers on the pile floor mats that Sherlock, his brother used when he had Hand to Hand combat practice.
“Why is it so shocking that I could suggest such an arrangement? People do all the time, Friends with benefits I believe” Johns head was not capable of computing the situation in its current state and drifted far too quickly into what might happen between them in that sort of arrangement, Johns mind was nothing if not thorough about the aspects of the human body.
“I observed. You have tan lines from a military uniform at your neck and wrists. A rather new scar on your shoulder and nothing of the sort on your leg. You have a psychosomatic limp, of course, you have a psychologist, a rather bad one. You were hesitant to hit on he obviously not experienced in picking up men, but knew your way around a man in bed. Meaning the only experience you had with other men lacked romance and was rushed. As far as the long term emotional relationship. A letter for you got put in my box so I put in yours but saw it in the trash the next day. Could have been a relative, but who sends letters this day. Other than someone who doesn't have a phone or constant internet connection.” John jaw was hanging and Sherlock peaked under his closed lids with a smirk
John chuckled and kissed the inside of his knee before moving up and connecting their lips again. He pulled away slightly “I want you to tell me exactly what you want, and if it takes all day I'll wait” he continued to pepper the man's face in kisses until he answers.
“Child's play really. You’ve got a bag ready for school. Obviously too old for sixth form, 20 I'd say give or take. Your walking so your university is nearby and the only one in a three-mile radius is a medical school about 5 minutes away from where I hit you. Now narrowing done the medical fields is where it gets a little tricky, but you know a break when you see one so that knocks a few out. That as well as the school's course choice it leaves two options. Physician or surgeon. It’s a shame, though, those steady hands would have made you one of the best no doubt.” John had to remind himself to close his mouth.
“You wouldn't” Sherlock argues
“Oh indeed Mr Watson, or do you prefer Caption Watson?” Sherlock smirked lifting himself onto his elbow putting his purely white skin on display for Johns hungry eyes.
“Did you gemme drunk?” John had managed to stumble over to Sherlock where he was sitting in a both in the corner and slur out his words.
Throughout the next few months, the two formed an unlikely friendship, and Mycroft developed a little bit of a crush on the older man.
“What did you do, Sherlock, it’s his birthday” Sherlock took the drink from John’s hand and threw it back.
Sherlock waited to see if there would be a response, good or bad and when none came he continued.
Yes-W
"are you studying to become, a Physician or a surgeon?” he said again
He was just as curious as anyone else was about this secret William, but he had a different reason than anyone else. The boy was head over heals. The way William was with words made his mouth water and when he had revealed that the popular head cheerleader was dating three guys at once, John knew. He needs to find this William and see if he was as perfect in person as he was on paper.
True to his word John had a cab there an hour and a half later and Sherlock emerged just as John was about to shout for him. He wore his purple shirt and made everyone stare and tight black slacks with a slight noticeable bulge in the front.
John’s heart pounded in his chest. He should have seen this coming. The man who knows all, how exactly was he going to manage to keep his attraction a secret from William.
“Come on My, you were doing so well, in the beginning, you can’t give up now” Mycroft's heart fluttered at the nickname, and it helped to bring his spirits up, but not by much.
“You’re gay” Greg huffed
“Okay, well, see you around then Sherlock,” John said before opening the door to his next class.
“you couldn’t possibly know that” venom infused Sherlock's voice
“Come in” The man voice came from the other side of the door. It seemed rougher than it had early, and he feared that he had woken the man. He pushed open the door slowly and was surprised with the sight he was meet with.
“What.. what were you doing?” John asked it seemed like his brother was trying to look like the girls in his grade with the crop top and makeup.
“You’re an absolute bastard ‘s what's up” John managed to get to Greg now.
“What’s a gay?” Harry choked at that, and Tommy started laughing. John just looked up at both of them with big round eyes.
“That was amazing”
Sherlock cleared his throat and murmured a sorry, as he silently cursed his own biology for working against him as it suddenly got there hard to sit.
A stunning, not older than twenty years old stood awkwardly, facing away from him a toward the main doors. Mycroft had come in unnoticed. After the initial shock wore off Mycroft scuffed his shoe on the floor causing the other man to spin around quickly.
“Maybe… why, is that not good?” John laughed a little and flopped next to him
The first thing Sherlock noticed, before he opened his eyes, was the pounding echoing through his skull. He only just managed to stop a pained moan from escaping his lips at the feeling. He went to rub the blurriness from his eyes and found one of them pinned to the bed by what felt like a warm lump. He’s brain, lagging slightly from the migrain, realized that the warm lump was John, who was snoring softly with his face tucked into Sherlock's side. More importantly John's sleeping for was very obviously naked, and pressed very close to Sherlock, who was equally naked. Sherlock took a moment to pull the hazy memory from the night before to the surface.
Harry had started letting his hair get shaggy and every time their dad mentioned getting it cut Harry came up with an excuse. ‘The girls like it shaggy dad’ ‘it’s the new thing’ ‘I don’t have time with school and football’. It wasn’t until the hair got so long it was passed his shoulders that his father made his brother get a haircut, and thought they only took 2 inches off, Harry still moaned and whined until their father smacked him upside the head a little too hard and was sent to his room without dinner.
“Yes, well,” John said in a voice that almost sounded breathless “Whose turn was it, I forgot.”
John thought he was so clever. They had agreed to picture evidence that meant that William had to send him a picture of his face. Though sherlock was prepared for events like this.
“We don’t have anything dear” he had remembered his father throwing the last of the ice cream on the ground 4 days ago after he was upset over the lack of chocolate syrup, he knew they didn’t have any left. But he grumbled none the less and pulled himself out of his recliner and stalked to the kitchen. John watched as his mom's hands began to shake. He was 13 officially a teenager and he felt ashamed that he did nothing as his father got closer and his mother averted her gaze but stayed locked in place.
“This isn’t some scandal with your wife we’re talkin’ about, this is his… his life, this isn’t some juicy secret he’s keepin’ from everyone.” Lestrareds eyebrows raised.
“Gregory, but everyone calls me Greg.” Mycroft took that moment to look the other man over. He had straight brown hair that was pushed back slightly and dark brown eyes. His jaw was soft and had a certain kindness to it that matched well with the smile his lips held. He was quite handsome.
“Listen John I don’t know what Sherlock told you, but really I was just calling him out on his shit, like he does to everyone else” John fumed
Sherlock though, he could see Sherlock. When he thought about Sherlock he could picture him, and when he thought about William it was just a rough silhouette of about half the male population. John spent some time comparing and contrasting the two, he thought about his urge to run his hands through sherlock's hair to see if it was as soft as he thought it was. Thought about what it would be like to hear William’s voice speak the words he read. Until finally he managed to fall into a dreamless slumber.
It was funny really. The predicament he had managed to get himself into. He had never planned on John attempting to befriend him. Never thought he would let himself go passed the limit he had set of one communication, end of the line. He, Sherlock Holmes, had managed to completely separate his life from that of William, and yet here he was toying with the rules he had set for himself. Playing with the line that separated William, a young brilliant boy overcome by the temptation of hormones. and himself, who has locked away from feelings because they were below him.
Johns' mouth travelled to Sherlock's naval next nipping a few marks there as well, Sherlock was practically thrashing, he whimpered as John got closer to where he wanted him, and whined when it was passed over for the inside of his thigh.
When Greg was done he walked over to Mycroft and bowed, offering his hand “May I have this dance?” He looked up through his eyelashes and sent Mycroft a smile. He couldn’t help but smile and put his hand in the older mans. Greg pulled him into a standing position.
“I’ve seen your search history John, which you could do to clear every now and again by the way it makes it run slow” John blushed
It took a week for John to feel like he was going crazy. He had read through all of his books some of them twice. Start and failed and making the blog his therapist suggested three times, and the flickering light in the bathroom grew tempting. This was ridiculous, he was a grown man who could face someone he slept with. He would just knock on the door and tell him that Mrs.Hudson had ,sent him to fix up some holes in the wall.
“That was disgusting, I need to wash my eyes out with bleach. What will Mommy say when she finds out you’ve scarred me for life.” Sherlock said dramatically at the entrance while shielding his eyes with his hand.
“What did you mean about the all to himself part.”
“They might check you by surprise” Greg biped him effortlessly, keeping his face close “And sometimes your body will tell you exactly what to do, and you’ll just know it’s right even if you don’t know why.” Greg searched the younger man's eyes. At some point, Mycroft’s hands migrated from his arm to the back of his neck, and when he felt the light brush of Mycroft's thumb he connected their lips in a slow kiss.
Sherlock had seen no point in putting an end to the game now
“What all did he tell you?”Sherlock was looking at his hands now. John assumed the alcohol was preventing him from putting up all of his walls. This might actually be good for them a chance to talk without Sherlock retreating into an emotionless shield.
“Wait, I- What’s your name?” John asked
“Really?” He sighed
“Thanks, I think they look nice too”
“Here you are” the lanky man handed him the mans with a smirk “ And as a sorry from both Chev and me how about i buy you dinner. I know this great little italian place just down the street” Maybe John wouldn’t be as alone as he thought he would be tonight.
“You know i'm a copper right, you can't just threaten to kill me” And they both laughed
“John, really, it was in response to some rather unkind poking, I shouldn’t ha-” Sherlock tried. He felt helpless, and angry that he had allowed himself to be so affected by alcohol.
“I didn’t think you would make it!!” he was yelling a little to over-talk the crowd, he pointedly looked at Sherlock then back at John.
“Thank you, I think I’ve done everything I can for this flat. All that's left is some electrical stuff that I'm not even gonna risk messing with, it's gonna be a bit boring now.”
“Tell ‘im what?”
Okay, you start-W
"So I ran into your friend Paul's dad today Harry."
‘Guess you’ll have to wait to find out.” He said adding a wink to the end before stepping through the doors of the clinic.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t change the subject,” Sherlock grinned like a cat “I’ll have you know I have a wide variety of strapons” John only grew pinker “Now I know what your thinking ‘how could I possibly know you would want that’ well John you have an interesting mix of porn selection, on the more relevant side would be pegging, the act in which a female penetrates a man with the use of a strap on, which would put you, the man, in a straight relationship in the position of the bottom. And maybe just maybe you would only want to bottom for a woman, not uncommon except that in your array of gay porn the bottoms are random and unimportant however the tops are always tall, slim, and brunette it’s easy to assume that you take the place of the bottom there for making their appearance unimportant and the top in the videos the subject of your fantasy. Thus concluding that not only does John Watson like it up the arse, but he likes men who are brunette, tall and slim to be the ones putting it up his arse. So tell me how this plan seems so crazy because John you may fool others with your intentionally shrouded catch phase, and it is correct, you are not gay, but under the same assumption you are also most definitely not straight,” Through the course if his monologue he stood and twirled around the room ending up in front of John who was stood board straight. “Now you know I hate to repeat myself but I will say again, we could work something ou-” Sherlock could care less about being cut short on his speech because beautiful wonderful amazing John crashed his mouth against Sherlocks.
“I was thinking just getting to know each other a little bit before we started if that's okay with you.” He looked nervous but confident.
“Make me” John realized to connotation behind his words as soon as they slipped from his mouth and apparently so did Sherlock judging by the hitch in his breath. Sherlock's eyes held his and John noted the dilated pupils and the thrumming pulse he could see in Sherlock's neck.
John took slow steps toward the animal, and when he saw the signs that it was about to dart John lunged at it, but his opponent was on to him and darted out of the room. John grumbled and moved to his room when he pulled on a different pair of pants and some pajama pants so that he could be considered at least halfway decent before he went to chase after the criminal
“Sherlock” He replied swiftly and confidently.
He was itching for it, as he did every Friday. What new brilliant deductions had he made this week? Was the french teacher cheating on her husband, was the new math teacher taking bribes for higher grades like everyone said. He was early as he was every Friday, just so he could beat the line. He was usually the first to read it, and it was just the same today. He popped a quarter into the machine and pulled on the handle to reveal the stacked newspapers. He pulled the first of the pile out and ripped the sheet of paper stapled to the back off, throwing the rest away in the recycling bin that was next to him. John sat down on the bench and started to read.
“Will see about that” John latched on the spot he had stopped, but Sherlock pulled him off fast
“Yes, that would be fine.” Sherlock shoved his hand into his pocket and pulled out a card. “ Text me, I hate calls.” John read the card and stopped Sherlock one again in his attempt to go inside.
I wont post this often usually, but i had the time to finish this chapter. GSA-Gay Straight Alliance
“No, you're going to get this.” Greg joined him on the bench “You dance, right?” Mycroft shot him a glare
Luckily by now he had caught he breath, He wasn’t in the army anymore after all. “What” he replied
“YOU’RE DISGUSTING” John heard his father yell and they both turned to the noise
John pushed himself off the ground and assessed his damage, a scraped knee and a bit of road rash on his elbow. Nothing that couldn’t be easily fixed with a basic first aid kit. After checking himself over he looked over the cyclist and saw him in a much worse state. The man or boy it seemed had attempted to hit his brakes as hard as he could, probably the reason why John had so little damage. As a result however he had managed to throw himself off the bike and face first into the concrete. From was he saw it was a definite nose break and a possible concussion based on the rapid blinking, though it could have been from the shock. Though he wasn’t a doctor yet he was trained in first aid and by all means able to treat this injury before sending the young man to the hospital or to his parents.
"Rosie?" Beebee's voice rasps on the other end.
Beebee blinks. His eyes flick to her plate and he frowns. "You haven't eaten enough."
They let her see him anyway.
He points to the space where her daddy's chair is supposed to be. "Noh, you are!" He hiccups and his shoulders hitch, making the violin screech. He glares at his chair. "Ohh, shut UP Myc!" he screams. He waves something away. "Th'ell d'you know?"
child, and he has lost the privilege of Bee-Bee. Instead he is another name to her. Plain, and forgetful.
Calm. She had to keep her brain from going all crazy. Sirens, shattering glass, car horns.
"Beebee?" she calls. It's still night. So he might be asleep. It's too dark even with the nightlight. The shadows grow and she can't see what is in the corner but she knows it just moved.
He grieves still. On nights when there is nothing to do.
He props his elbows on the table. "You get cross at Myc often?"
Mycroft shoves him away. "You can't even take care of yourself."
He glares at his own plate, shifts the broccoli to the side. "Stupid, making this. She knows you hate it."
He takes her precious face into his hands. She blinks owlishly at him, fat tears sliding down her face. Sherlock feels his own tears as well.
A long string of spit hits Sherlock's bruised cheek.
"Am I pretty?" she says, because she has to know. Uncle Greg won't lie to her.
It's not a lie, but it is preferable to the whole truth.
Two people in green finally arrive. They carry Beebee down the stairs on a stretcher. Rosie follows barefoot. It is cramped inside the ambulance with four people. She doesn't remember her first time in the ambulance, so it's brand new to her. Halfway to the hospital, he starts jerking. The doctors cut his shirt away and when Rosie starts crying, the lady doctor tells Rosie to close her eyes and count as high as she can.
She wipes her nose but still doesn't look at him. He knows she doesn't believe him, but that's normal. It will take much more than words - and more time - to convince her that she was not to blame.
But he did not
"There's my flower!" Uncle Greg growls playfully and hauls her into his lap. Rosie squeals and twists and wriggles to avoid tickles.
Instead he talks to Song. And has tea with Mrs. Hudson. And consults for DI Lestrade.
It is hard to breathe. He reaches out of John. "Please..."
(See the end of the chapter for
Song taps her pencil in thought. "What sort of activities did you do with her, before?"
"Christ, Sherlock, we're insatiable," John whispers over the detective's lips.
Lestrade looks at Sherlock sympathetically. "The amnesia, is it…?"
"What of your co-star? Mary, was it?" Sherlock asks.
Sherlock puts his other hand around John's back and helps him over to his own room, shutting the door behind them and laying John on the bed. "Excuse my forwardness, really you must."
"Mhm," Sherlock mutters over John's lips before kissing him again. When they part next for air, Sherlock laughs softly against John's lips. "I'm almost mad at you for postponing this so long."
"I've never been one for desire, never been one to want to do something like I just did," Sherlock murmurs softly before placing a soft kiss against John's lips. When Sherlock pulls away again, he's smiling so gently it's hardly normal for the detective. "I want to know why with you I just want more."
Sherlock takes a few moments before nodding to the idea. He nibbles at a cookie, drinks some more tea, and just sits quietly as John does the same. "The way you explain it, does it come naturally?"
"Never again," John says before he devours Sherlock's lips again. "Boundaries?"
Sherlock shrugs. "It's really a matter of principle. They are annoying and – wait, John?"
"If you're ready to go out of the closet," Sherlock says both meaning literally and figuratively.
"Okay," Sherlock says in a voice that makes John tremble. As if his usual voice isn't attractive enough, when he pulls this, she knows she's in for it. Sherlock leans in and plants soft kisses around the area of John's neck that makes her squirm. "Tell me right now you'd rather spend your night in a dull party with people re-telling the stories we hear every year, right this second, and I'll stop."
John spats out his tea, eyes wide. Yeah, it's not false. But he never thought Sherlock would find that part of his history. "How – no, why is my question. Why did you figure that out?"
"No, thank you, my beautiful fiancé," John says, running his hands gently up and down Sherlock's side.
Sherlock concedes. "I usually tell you to come, inconvenient or not."
John sighs heavily as he takes a step away again. "More productive than usual – at least there wasn't any threats of death or bribes involved."
"How is John doing?" Mycroft asks at tea with Sherlock.
John nods. "I don't feel right without at least – uh, it's stupid, isn't it?"
"Where would I," John looks up at Sherlock sympathetically. "I'll have to be right back."
"It occurred to me I'm not going to likely get another chance to be with you like this so, yes, if you don't mind taking a break," John says as she climbs onto Sherlock's lap.
"Please," Sherlock asks in a desperate huff of breath, and John does.
Once they are back in their flat after the case is nice and closed an awkward silence looms in the air. Until Sherlock intervenes as John goes to walk upstairs. "It was good then?"
John flushes. "You do just fine, Sherlock."
"Really, I uh, well," John shouldn't be surprised just how much this interests Sherlock Holmes, king of controlling his emotions through a mind-palace. It's only probable that he'd want to learn everything to aid in that extreme. "You want me to teach you self-control?"
"I hadn't even noticed the heels," Sherlock whispered as his hands skimmed across her thighs until he noticed another detail under her dress. "You're not wearing…"
Sherlock smiles. "If we must," as he moves towards her.
-Epilogue-
"Could you be?" John asks, reaching up and pecking the detective's lips before Sherlock can answer. "I don't remember anything but I know that I want you with me. Even if that means nothing to you, it is the only thing right now that means anything to me."
"Sherlock, what have you been up to?" John asks as he sees the way Sherlock is smirking at John over his laptop. No, it is not Sherlock's own of course. Sherlock always takes John's laptop to play on whenever possible. And by the looks of it, Sherlock's found something particularly interesting. John braces himself for a murder case with particularly grueling and disgusting details. Nothing could have prepared the doctor for the possibility of what Sherlock had really found.
John starts to push away Sherlock's coat first, moving down to buttons carefully undoes the detective's jacket and dark purple shirt. John starts kissing down Sherlock's chest and once he's readily kissing along the top of Sherlock's pants the detective is hard and wanting, straining against his trousers.
"The case…can…wait," John murmurs as she pushes back against Sherlock. Fuck. There they go again.
"It's three a.m. John, it is the morning," Sherlock says, putting out his hand mockingly waiting for the paper to drop in his hand.
John reaches his arm further back. "You can have it back in the morning."
The exact words that grazed my lips that started this whole thing were a disbelief that Sherlock wasn't more to me, even though the only thing I felt when I was incapacitated was an attachment to him. I didn't know anything else but I knew that I needed him. At the end of each day I think about it now, just how right I was. He wasn't lying to me, we were once both lying to ourselves.
Sherlock smiles with his eyes. "Sexual orientation and current desire are giving you quite the battle?"
John's eyes must have grown three sizes. "I, well, I could…do you want that?"
"Move," John says breathlessly, bracing herself with her hands digging into the cushions of the couch, hoping it will stop them from losing balance.
"Sherlock, what is with you? You weren't this bad when Irene stood in front of you naked," John says as she stands in front of Sherlock's chair.
Sherlock feels he should say no. He feels he should tell John this just isn't how they are and that they aren't dating and promising a thousand times that in reality John doesn't do this. But when John reaches up and pulls their lips together once more, something in Sherlock snaps and kisses back. Perhaps it occurred to him that this might be the only chance he gets and he can't help but take the opportunity.
Sherlock snaps out of what seems like a trance and looks John in the eyes. "What, sorry?"
Sherlock grins. "Even as ineloquent as that was, I appreciate the compliment," Sherlock says with a soft chuckle as they reach the door to their flat. It turns out they picked an alley quite close to home. "I've never dated someone before for feeling. For case, for information – a few times with a very pertinent hands-off policy, yes. For personal reasons, I don't usually participate in sentiment."
"Fascinating," Sherlock speculates, running around in his mind palace unbeknownst to John trying to contain his body's animalistic urges. "What after I pretend to suck you to finish? I think this would be seemingly more difficult without clothing."
"Emotional mush isn't always a bad thing, Sherlock," John says, reaching for his tea to take another sip. Once he's finished a few more sips, and waits for Sherlock to sip some of his own tea, he speaks again. "I think that it's a matter of channeling. Instead of channeling through the power of your intellectual mind you are learning a new skill, channeling through a side you hardly have started to ponder into how to use."
"That won't matter, I'll just," Sherlock leans down this time to have their lips meet and John moans into his lips, not realizing just how much he's missed the sensation of them being attached in this way until now, tangling his hands in Sherlock's hair.
"Red is a great color on you John, you should really wear it more often," Sherlock muses as he examines John's body from top to bottom.
"Fucking hell, Sherlock, you're going to get us in trouble," John mutters as she leans up and connects their lips. Sherlock grabs her ass firmly and uses them to hoist her up and place her on the top edge of the couch, waists pressed together with her heels digging into his back.
Sherlock looks mildly intrigued for a moment before shrugging and going back to his food. John catches the waitress and orders them some food that should take the least time from the items available on the menu to cook and bring out. "I have everyone's gifts as well," John says as they patiently wait for her to hand them down the table. Everyone seems generally happy with their presents and opens them slowly to give the couple a chance to scarf down their food.
"Fuck," John mutters. "I don't understand why…"
"No, it's fine, really. You just need better timing is all. All relationships start off like that. Try and pick a time that you both aren't busy with work or cases that you have obviously been neglecting lately, wear yourselves out, and then drink some coffee and get out the door. But not tonight, I mean, try to make it sometime tonight. We miss you two," Molly says nicely about to walk out of the kitchen.
"Never stop kissing you?" John asks with a small grin.
"Happy Christmas," Lestrade says, handing John a bag that presumably is full of presents as him and Molly walk in. "The others are just going to head off to the restaurant and we'll meet them there if you are ready to go. Where's Sherlock?"
"John might've said something about me being an exception, it being just me when it comes to male attraction. What is worse is that I can't tell what is actually how he feels or what is him trying to figure out what memories he should have. I feel juvenile," Sherlock says as he rests his head forward to fall on Lestrade's desk.
"Have you done it?" Sherlock asks, clearly getting snippy from impatience.
Sherlock took a few breaths, trying to escape to his mind palace from the emotions that threatened to come bursting out. But it wasn't becoming sated. He felt loved, and it was a feeling that on the deepest level of his mind he never thought he could admit he craved more than any drug.
Sherlock leans just an inch closer. "You could make me."
"The same person that would've pegged you'd fall in love," John replies in a whisper as he chuckles.
"Why now?" John asks in a smaller voice, dancing a very fine line at this point.
John's body snaps up once and then continuously as it feels so good to thrust up into Sherlock's lips that it's absolutely maddening to the point where it's only a few minutes past that motion that he's almost ready to burst. He tugs on Sherlock's hair to pull him up. "Is this all you want for now? Because, I don't know much energy I have in me right now and one go might be it."
Sherlock catches on to the point of parting as they enter the room and leans down to catch John's lips with his again. This time it's more desperate, messy. Sherlock pushes John back onto the bed and starts kissing his way down the doctor. Sherlock finds himself stopping to put focus on a few spots on the army doctor's neck that elicit particularly good responses. He catalogues for later in the back of his mind that he might need to lend John a few of his scarves before he journeys lower.
"Easy," Sherlock says, revelling in the return of John's complimentary nature towards his deductions as they walk out of the door.
Sherlock speaks first once it's done. "I need to clean myself up, but then I'll go, I promise."
Sherlock comes back about ten days later, John is himself again. Sitting on the couch, watching telly, reading the paper. His male form, in just a jumper and his pants. When he hears the door, he jumps up. "Sherlock?"
"That's not what I meant. Can you at least tell me your name again?" John asks, watching Sherlock's cautious reactions carefully, wondering if the man in front of him was asked to lie to him.
"Is something wrong?" John asks self-consciously.
But then he remembered the more specific moments. He remembered how Sherlock had been careful with him, tried everything to bring his memory back. John remembered the moments that Sherlock was constantly checking if John wanted him even though he had been the one pushing for the romantic parts the entire time. Something that they were missing even though neither of them knew it until there was a piece missing, he'd been the one to say it.
Sherlock's a quivering mess underneath him, bowing his head back on the pillow and resorting to shallow breaths. "John, please," is all that the detective can say as John's efforts on his neck and his member are doubly ready to send him over the edge far earlier than he wants.
"I…love you, actually," John mumbles and Sherlock just holds around him tighter.
John looks at Sherlock incredulously. "What about coffee?"
Neither of them last as long as they would like to, and when it's done it is over, them lying beside one another on the bed panting. "That felt…"
"I'm perfectly aware of that Sherlock," John replies, putting the case file on the closest end table.
"Only if you want to," Sherlock says sincerely as he grabs John's coat from the hook.
"Insatiable," John murmurs against Sherlock's lips.
"I went to discuss the matter with Lestrade. Besides you, he is the closest I have to a confidant. He told me I should just wait home and apologize…which is what I am trying to do," Sherlock ventures, handing John a tea and going to curl up on an end of the couch with his own.
Sherlock laughs. "Oh, even an idiot could deduce that you're affected by me."
It causes a shy smile to emerge on Sherlock's face. "Will you show me?"
"We're over the awkward bit now though," John concedes as he squeezes Sherlock's hand in his. "Now, if I could, I'd like to ask you out with my full wits attached."
Sherlock Holmes'
John pushes the shirt gently off of Sherlock's shoulders and discards it to the floor, looking at the crumpled heap its left in when he leaves it there. "Sherlock," John thinks for a moment that he might want to explain what he wants, but actions would be easier to keep Sherlock focused on one area instead of trying to mix more logic with emotion – the thing that Sherlock's having the most trouble with, it would seem. John gently pulls Sherlock off of his lap and takes the detective's hand, pulling him along until they've reached Sherlock's room. He wants this intimate memory to be in a place where neither of them has had an intimate experience before, he wants it to stay just them.
A surprised look came across Sherlock’s face as he directed his line of vision towards John. “How the hell did you know that?”
Sherlock innocently looked up at John and smiled widely.
“What?”
Shan panicked and fled.
Fuck him, John growled underneath his breath and wanted to push everyone aside to claim the delicious boy in public.
“If I were you.” Sherlock hissed.
Sherlock untangled himself from John’s body, making sure that John could sit up by himself before he remembered the gun on the floor.
Sherlock was mentally asking Mrs. Hudson to leave so he could resume his conversation with John, but as expected, she didn’t leave.
Sherlock composed himself and stood up straighter and left. He accompanied a distressed Lestrade outside and stayed quiet.
The system in London was functional, everyone knew their place and everyone confided in the government to keep things at bay. Or at least, the citizens of London trusted the government to not overrule everyone to the point where the beginning of a revolution would be irrevocable. Times have been changing and societal perspectives have been corrupted by greed and egoism.
Mycroft was confused. “But?”
Sherlock looked up and saw John hunching over the armchair. “Oh, you’re angry with me, so you won’t help. Not much cop, this caring lark.”
Greg snorted. “Aha, keep telling yourself that. Just know that one day, John may find someone and your chance of actually being with him will be gone.”
Greg exited his office right when Sherlock ended the call. “We found it!”
Irene decided to teach Molly a few lessons about showing manners to someone who showed interest in her when someone cleared their throat and darkly said, “Get the fuck away from her.”
This is basically an interpretation of the study in pink, except I added in my own twists. Also, I wanted John to have a bit of the spotlight, because if you notice, in the first episode he’s kind of tossed around and forgotten, so I decided to change that.
John entered the kitchen and spotted the disaster of experiments on the table; he ignored the impulse to throw a cup of tea to Sherlock’s face and demand the detective to clean up his messy shit. But John pushed down that urge and went towards the fridge, he was unbelievably hungry and happily opened the fridge.
Sherlock and John exited Mr Prince’s home while John laughed excitedly.
“No, it wasn’t.” Mrs Monkford snapped at him.
Sherlock and John exited the taxi and headed towards the crime scene. They approached the police tape surrounding the premises and were greeted by Sergeant Donovan. “Hello, freak.”
Would it be so wrong for Sherlock to continue down the wrong path and eventually become a monster?
Mrs Monkford shook her head. “No, it isn’t. He forgot to renew the tax on the car, that’s all.”
The sudden rejection angered Irene and she delivered a sharp slap across Molly’s face, feeling the tip of her red nails slicing open the tender flesh of Molly’s lip. The unexpected hit caused Molly to lose balance but Irene grabbed the front of Molly’s shirt and slammed her against the wall, growling lowly and warning the shy girl to never do that again.
Lestrade slapped Sherlock’s shoulder. “Sherlock, shut up!”
Greg crossed his arms across his chest. “I’m aware of that. But why are you asking that question?”
The two men chuckled for a bit and John rested his forearms at either side of the detective’s head. The blond’s soft chuckles died down and John studied the man beneath him. The blond noticed the ever-changing eyes that belonged to Sherlock, the dark curls that contrasted with his pale skin, and the full lips that complimented his mouth. John found the detective well… beautiful.
“No.”
“Colombia.”
A lot of kids would bully him, call him hurtful names, and made fun of him whenever they had a chance. Everyday, John would come home crying to his parents and tried to explain what happened, but his tears were the only words he could form. After some time, his parents hired a tutor to teach sign language to John. By the time he reached 18, he was fluent in sign language and for the first time he was able to talk to his parents and they would understand him.
"I love you too," Sherlock mumbles before falling asleep in John's arms, having their first confessed time in love together. It wasn't perfect but it was love, actually love.
"Yeah, not to make it sound corny, but yeah it was," John says as he takes his seat again across from Sherlock in just his t-shirt and jeans. "It was the same case for my co-star. And, for the record, porn-double was the actual job title."
Sherlock feels awkward at first, tentative. It feels quite, well, right. It takes a few minutes of adjusting to the sensation of kissing John before it snaps back to memory that John is doing this to try and remember him. Sherlock pulls away, looking at John with alarmed eyes. "John, I-"
"They're on their way already I'm sure," John says, her breathing laboring as she feels Sherlock's fingers venture under her dress and rub between her folds over her red pants.
"Would you let me try?" Sherlock asks, closing his eyes and making small sounds of pleasure as John re-adjusts to brush against his prostate. "John, move."
"Not with this much impatience and history," John replies hastily, feeling his hips thrust up into Sherlock's touch. "This is beyond teasing, this is torture."
"I love you," Sherlock says softly before widening his eyes, pulling back his hand and fiddling in his seat. "Sorry, that was inappropriate."
The experience is filled with frantic thrusts and loud appreciations for a long time before it's over, them splaying out on the floor, panting. "You can't imagine what you do to me," Sherlock whispers, looking over into John's eyes.
“No.”
Throughout the entire scents of heat and blood, he can smell the waves of an oasis existing in the desert, the small thriving patch of green resembled the definition of John Watson. Sherlock fell in love with John’s scent and there was nothing in this world that could make the Alpha change his Omega for another partner.
Sherlock leaned closer to John, invading John’s personal space and lowly whispering. “I should be the only topic you should ever talk about.”
The first one to wake up from the bomb was Sherlock, black ashes of burnt paper were fluttering before him and the Alpha strained to move a muscle. Sherlock’s eyes flickered everywhere, his lashes fluttering quickly as he tried to compose himself.
Mycroft bought a few suits for himself and urged John to pick out a few things for he’d gladly pay for it. The blond heavily insisted that he could buy his own clothes but Mycroft was very good at debating and until he wins the argument, he won’t stop talking. So, in the end, Mycroft won the argument and John got a pair of jeans, jackets, shirts, and shoes. Once they purchased everything, the blond’s eyes widened when he saw the final amount for everything and he assured Mycroft that he’ll pay him back.
Sherlock would be considered stupid if he hadn’t noticed John’s odd behavior and the obvious space John has put between them.
Each time he revisited that moment, it was always played out the same way except Sherlock would provide an alternative ending which involved an abdication to slowly resigning a small part of him that John would keep. A kiss was equivalent to surrendering one’s heart to someone and trusting that person to keep your heart safe from any danger.
John growled at the pet name that was sickeningly sweet when Sherlock purred it through his lips. “Don’t fucking call me, sunshine.”
What’s the harm in flirting a little?
Sherlock remained on the floor and kept replaying the scene that just took place in his head. The detective had no experience with this feeling, was it sentiment? The word tasted like vinegar in his mouth, he never cared for such things.
Mrs. Hudson couldn’t understand what Sherlock was doing these days. “Dearie, are you alright?”
Sherlock sighed in relief, “I have no game. I came here to apologize for everything I said. I-I couldn’t function properly without coming here and making things right.” The detective felt so open and vulnerable, he’s never been so honest to anyone before but for some reason, he didn’t despise it, rather he welcomed it. Sherlock slowly approached John and was happy to see that he didn’t back away.
“Raoul, the houseboy. Kenny Prince was the butt of his sister’s jokes week in, week out. Virtual bullying campaign. Finally, he had enough, fell out with her badly. Its all on the website. She threatened to disinherit Kenny. Raoul had grown accustomed to a certain lifestyle…”
Sherlock pointed the gun at Moriarty. “Probably my answer has already crossed yours.”
“Really? A grown man on top of you and nothing was happening?”
One of the men behind the woman came forward and punched John across the face, John bit his cheek as he let the pain wash over him. Once the pain passed, John spat a good amount of blood onto the floor and faced the woman in front of him.
The Alpha rested his cheek against Sherlock’s and inhaled deeply, nuzzling himself against the Omega boy’s curls and feeling the shivers of weakness in the boy’s body against his rigid muscles. “Your heart’s beating like a hummingbird.”
Sherlock smirked. “Did you see his watch?”
John was still a bit concussed but he managed to thrust his head forward and knock out an Omega but before he could deal with the others holding him down, John felt a needle being pressed into the side of his neck. Sherlock yelled in anger, he managed to knock off two people at his side when he felt the same needle being injected into his skin.
Oh no.
“Who press-gangs suicide bombers?”
Sherlock kept looking towards the back of the bus, trying to meet John’s gaze but his sunshine was stealthily avoiding making eye contact with him. After being on the road for a couple of miles, Sherlock couldn’t help but create chaos on the bus.
Luckily, a mysterious man with the secondary gender of being an Alpha took the daring step of announcing his control over London. The Alpha had a reputation of making everyone listen to him and attracting those with a record that shimmered with blood. The Alpha started his ruling by recruiting killers with nothing to lose.
“You entered my flat while I was having an argument with my brother.”
“Yes.”
John barely entered the lab when Sherlock began to speak to him. “
Miss Wenceslas faced Lestrade. “Inspector, my time is being wasted. Would you mind showing yourself and your friends out?”
“I can basically hear it. So, ask away.”
John grunted at how heavy Sherlock was but without caring about his physical state, the Omega growled in difficulty but sighed in relief when he managed to sling the Alpha onto his shoulder. In a clumsy manner, John reached the car and with as much gentleness as he could manage, deposited Sherlock into the passenger seat.
“Precisely, limited edition — two blue stripes, 1989.”
Sherlock couldn’t help the brief smile gracing his lips as he watched John jumping in joy. “If you think it was the cat then you’re wrong.”
Sherlock barely saw John’s hand gestures and gave John a surprised look. “What?”
A person who was born to thrive next to Sherlock’s throne and convert Sherlock into a depraved demon that constantly fantasized the act of copulating with another person. Someone who was willing to defy Sherlock’s brutality and make the boy bleed with such ease. This was the main interchange that made Sherlock believe that love was a barbaric display of destructiveness, greed, possessiveness, and cruelty.
Such biological disposition involved Omegas returning to their title of being known as
Sherlock was secretly pleased that John wasn’t a total idiot. “You know what it was. You’ve read the papers.”
John looked up to witness a sea of sparkling stars. “
The D.I. couldn’t help but think how cute they both looked. John wrapping the blanket around Sherlock’s shoulders and basically hugging the man. The detective couldn’t deny how nice it felt to have John’s warmth around him, he felt the urge to wrap his arm around the blond’s waist but he ignored that irrational thought and tried to look as innocent as possible.
Sherlock was jolted across the coach, the sudden movement of the horses running wild caused the prince to bang his head against the side of the door. The prince groaned in pain, caressing the side of his head when he noticed the tree before them was on fire. Sherlock rolled his eyes and deduced that the horses became spooked and due to the lack of control from the coachman, the horses were running on a wild spur.
The young man, Andy, shrugged his shoulders. “Three days ago. Here at the museum. This morning they told me she’d resigned. Just like that. Left her work unfinished.”
Shit.
Before Sherlock could even reach the bed, bullets were fired and the Alpha was forced to stay in place. Sherlock was seething in fury at being so close to reaching John yet not quite being able to protect his Omega. Sherlock lifted his hands in the air; waiting for the imbecile responsible for destroying his flat, putting John in danger, injecting a sedative into John’s body and more outrageously, touching the Omega without Sherlock’s consent.
Molly was whimpering uncontrollably and begging everyone to leave her alone, which never happened. Jim was taunting the poor girl and becoming frisky, for Jim grabbed the hem of Molly’s skirt and lifted it, exposing the girl’s baby blue panties. It wasn’t until Irene stepped forward and shoved Jim to the side, snarling at the boy for even touching Molly.
The Omega boy couldn’t handle this anymore, he didn’t want to exist any longer. The boy felt claustrophobic, he needed air. Sherlock remembered that the lift had a top floor that led towards the rooftop. Sherlock figured that falling was like flying except there’s a more permanent destination… his death.
“Meaning?” The detective asked, facing John.
Mary Morstan: trained assassin, few in the population to be a woman and a werewolf, an Alpha, and above all, a liar. To those who couldn’t read between the lines, Mary seemed harmless but her looks were deceiving. Mary was part of Moriarty’s lineage and she was nothing more than a loyal follower who despised vampires.
Sherlock faced Greg. “There you go. Go and find out where he is and pick him up.”
John approached Sherlock. “
Sherlock turned over the envelope, looking at the neatly printed cursive writing that spelled out his name. “She used a fountain pen. Parker Duofold, Meridian nib.”
“What?”
John looked up, wiping the tears from his eyes, it was evident that John was having a good time. “
“I’d be very careful about the words you use against John. He is mine and anything or anyone that belongs to me deserves respect. Is that understood?” Sherlock forcefully brought Anderson down to his knees and continued choking him.
The detective threw his head back in irritation when his eyes noticed something. “Tell me more about these teapots.”
John rolled his eyes. “
Sherlock displayed all the photos taken at the bank on the wall, studying them and going through all the symbols that belonged to each culture, wondering what they meant. He remained quiet as he entered his mind palace.
Greg shrugged. “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
The Omega boy was completely bored out of his mind, groups and groups of people were coming to congratulate Greg and that was the only fun the boy had. Sherlock deduced everyone and remained quiet, he made himself invisible and it worked. The party was dragging on and of course, Mycroft was speaking about how wonderful Greg was and the Omega boy tuned out his brother’s voice.
“The Watsons have a long history of preying on wealthy families and killing off their in-laws and spouses. Before coming here, the Watsons have been accused of murdering three royal families and taking their wealth. They are like black widows, once they have feasted on their prey, they become hungry for power, title, and wealth. Unfortunately, we’re their next prey.”
“I phoned Lestrade. Is he on his way?” The detective asked.
John returned his gaze to the detective and smiled uncertainly. “
The worker began to walk away. “Well, I’ll leave you to it, then. Just give us a sign when you’re off.”
John was humiliated and shocked. Who does this man think he is? Telling John’s life story without skipping a beat. Yet, what stung John the most, was to listen to this man mentioning his failures and how pathetic he was for working at a café.
Sherlock smiled, “No — I think he’s brilliant enough. I love brilliant ones. They’re always so desperate to get caught.”
Before leaving Scotland Yard, the Beta telephoned Sherlock and told him that there would no longer be cases for him and that he was sorry to not be the main source of Sherlock’s cases anymore.
John remained quiet, simply staring at Sherlock’s hidden face.
The detective rolled his eyes and returned his attention to the screen in front of him.
“Nope.” Sherlock kept switching the ID badge from one hand to another.
John heard every word and decided to leave,
“Anything is possible.”
“Are you willing to become me? Are you willing to infect everyone’s mind to start a war with every country that will eventually surrender to me? Are you willing to work for me and finish my homework? Are you willing to take the fall?”
“Really!”
Anderson faced John. “Who’s this? Is he your boyfriend?” The blond shook his head. Anderson took the opportunity to check out the smaller man. “He’s tasty. I’m surprised you were able to catch him without scaring him off first.”
John agreed and continued eating the remaining bars but was startled to see the detective stuffing the entire bar into his mouth. Sherlock elegantly downed the bar and returned his gaze towards the window. The blond noticed a string of caramel clinging onto the detective’s chin and he tried to capture Sherlock’s attention but the detective had his vision glued to the window.
“I’m fairly certain many men and women fall at your feet.”
So, psychosomatic limp then. Fascinating. But a small defect was not enough to put Sherlock off. What captured Sherlock’s attention was the way the prince held himself, clearly the man was a fighter and he was strong. Sherlock never craved to live the rest of life with someone at his side because he didn’t do relationships but if he dared to dream about living his life with someone, then he wanted someone who would make his life worth while.
John smiled in disbelief. “Take a guess.”
It wasn’t until after the first blow when he noticed John straddling his hips and beating him up.
“Exactly! The only question is, how did the tetanus enter the dead woman’s system?”
“Thinking.”
John smiled as he saw the detective standing at the end of the tunnel.
Sherlock gave a false smile. “Not my style.”
John took a sip of his tea while trying to make the connection as to how Sherlock knew it was Van Coon. “
John snuggly wrapped his legs around Sherlock’s neck, purposely tightening the hold of his thighs against the vampire’s face and with a flirtatious shove, the Omega forced his cock into the Alpha’s face. Sherlock made an
Miss Wenceslas laughed out loud. “Am I supposed to be impressed?”
The boy thrashed against the bed when Victor savagely slithered his fingers through Sherlock’s curls and forced the boy’s face into the bed. The Alpha held the Omega boy down as he began to rut himself against Sherlock’s ass, moaning in pleasure and enjoying the pathetic screams the boy was pushing through the mattress.
“Right.” The older lady went downstairs sending one last wink to Sherlock which caused the man to roll his eyes.
“Okay. Sherlock, listen to me. My name is John Watson and you’re experiencing a seizure due to an overdose. Can you tell me when was your last hit?”
Soo Lin gasped in shock, throwing the pot but luckily the detective grabbed it before the relic broke into pieces.
“That is just… extraordinary.”
Sherlock was not satisfied with that answer, so, he grabbed John’s shoulders and lightly shook him. “Are you sure you’re alright?”
Sherlock was on the balcony, looking down at the flat below him. He climbed down to the balcony below and opened the window that led into the flat. The detective looked around, seeing everything that was before him. He entered the kitchen, the living room, and the bathroom, eyeing everything.
John smiled and shook Jim’s hand. Jim gladly took John’s hand and came closer to John, almost cornering him against a table and giving John a suggestive smile. John smiled in return, almost seeing how cute Jim was and taking the opportunity of being tempted to flirt with this man. Sherlock could hear the deafening silence behind him and wondered why no one was talking.
Sherlock walked over to Jim, pointing the gun towards Moriarty’s head. “What if I was to shoot you now? Right now?”
Sherlock tore his gaze away from the cat and faced Mr Prince in confusion. “Can you?”
Due to the panic, people began to lose their minds and evolved to tearing London apart. Buildings were being raided and brought down, churches were being ransacked and destroyed, famous monuments were being collapsed to the ground, and the beauty of London was becoming a nightmare. Neighborhoods belonging to the elite were broken into and robbed, the very streets where people walked were no longer deemed to be safe.
So, could he be blamed if he randomly got up from his seat and made his way towards the back of the bus?
Moran looked back at Sherlock with a befuddled gaze. “But Sherlock —“
“The game, John Watson, is on.”
Sherlock did a quick check around the perimeter; making sure that no one was passing by and stood back, watching his friends taunting Molly while he smoked a cigarette and laughed every time Molly flinched at Irene’s snarling voice. Such abuse could have been prevented but Sherlock knew that no one was going to pay attention to a bunch of kids bullying a girl in between an abandoned corridor.
The detective was beyond confused and wasn’t completely understanding what was happening but he forced his legs to walk through the door. John closed the door behind him and resumed to cleaning the new mess.
The detective bit the inside of his cheek as he approached the laughing couple. “Hello, John.”
“There was no ticket on the body. So how did he end up with a bashed in brain on the tracks of Battersea? That is the question, the one I was rather hoping Sherlock would provide an answer to. How is he getting on?”
Sherlock used the fleeting second of confusion —on John’s part— and pushed the Omega off him. Sherlock knocked the gun from John’s hand and flipped their position around, now the vampire was on top of the Omega, straddling his hips. Sherlock bent down towards John, his pale and cold hand caressing the Omega’s cheek.
“Well deduce in your brain and stop being a show off.”
“Sherlock, are you sure you’re okay?”
Before the guards could touch John, the doctor took out his handgun and shot the two guards coming towards him.
John smiled. “
John was perplexed. “
John smiled. “
Moriarty pulled back the door and revealed himself to Sherlock. Moriarty was a young man who was dressed in a sharp suit and had the most blackest eyes Sherlock had ever seen.
Jim snorted while dragging his thumb across his lip. “But those are lies. Putting away our kind is not to help us realize that we can become better. Oh no no no. It’s because society is afraid of us… they fear us. If you let a headless chicken terrorize the world you get destruction, fear, instability but most beautifully, we get chaos. Democracy is afraid to let us rule this world and infest it with our insanity, that’s why we are kept locked up.”
Sherlock didn’t catch John’s hand movement, so John grabbed the pillow resting behind his lower back and threw it at the detective’s head.
John shook his head. “
The detective began to talk. “No, I…”
That territory screamed of sentiment.
Mycroft tightened his grip on his umbrella, he fucking loved sweets but his physical form was prone to gaining more weight if he indulged himself in sweets. “Is this some sort of a bribery?”
Sherlock whipped around to see the person who talked back to him and with one sniff, the Alpha knew this man was an Omega. “Can you? Seeing as I’m the Alpha here, I think it is by law that you must do what I say and you should apologize for bumping into me.”
John pushed against his bonds and huffed in defeat.
Then the boy felt his small cock pulsating with desire when his nose detected the aroma of charcoal being incinerated, the black pebbles of charcoal emitted a suffocating mist of heaven that was crawling through Sherlock’s pores. And to seal off the ripple of scents that made the Omega boy feel like a hot disaster, was the aroma of wet dirt.
Sherlock shakes his head. "I am sure John knows that," Sherlock stops himself, eyes widening. "John wouldn't really think that."
"Do you like them?" John asks as he spreads his legs just a bit wider for Sherlock.
Sherlock smiles as he crawls up John's body and lays a knee over each side of John, not sure how to feel with his genitals so over-exposed and close to John's lips. "Like this?"
When I first broached the subject, Sherlock seemed frightened. Later I'd find that it wasn't just the case in point that I had amnesia and he figured I would strangle him when I got out of it if he went further. No, it was the man who crumbled at one kiss like a teenager and didn't know what to do. Even without my memory I was the one to guide us this time. I was the one to solve the case.
"Go ahead," John says very breathlessly before Sherlock starts thrusting into him. Not gently like the initial penetration, but hard fast and desperate. The experience lasts less time than either of them care to admit because they were so eager for this for so long. When they are done, they clean themselves up from what they can find in the utility closet they're in and Sherlock gets dressed. John puts on his pants and then sighs. "My trousers are a bit," John can't find words as Sherlock chuckles.
John reaches into the drawer beside him and grabs a small bottle of lubrication before crawling back over to Sherlock. John squeezes lubrication onto his fingers and circles Sherlock's entrance. The detective hisses, feeling the burn of the first penetrative finger. He can sense John's concern. "I'm fine, John, keep going."
"No, just simply a happy accident," Sherlock says with a grin as the cab takes off in the direction of Scotland Yard.
Sherlock ponders it for a moment. "We could go out there and-"
"Yeah, um…what the fuck happened last night?" John asks as he gestures to his very female form. "Is it those new friends you made?" Sherlock sighs as he stands, walking around his friend and investigates. John finds himself muttering under his breath. "You are never this obvious when I'm in my male form."
John collapses on top of the detective directly after he drops Sherlock on the bed and pulls down Sherlock's pants immediately. John throws them off somewhere to the side as he gets lost in the detective's perfect pale body underneath his as he reaches a hand to stroll down the detective's chest until he's got hold on Sherlock's member and starts moving his hand up and down.
John reaches his hands around Sherlock's arse and pulls away from the kiss long enough to mutter "move your hand" to Sherlock. The detective obeys hesitantly before John pushes Sherlock's arse forward to rub Sherlock's cock over his entrance and something further in the detective snaps. He rubs his penis over top of those red pants, between her lower lips, making sounds that don't sound as much human as animalistic as he leaves bite-marks around John's neck and shoulders. Sherlock rips away the red pants, and rubs the head of his cock over John's entrance, moving his hands up to remove John's shirt and bra in one shift pull up, and as Sherlock was already shirtless it leaves them completely nude to one another. Sherlock reaches his head down and licks and nips at one nipple before moving to the other side, making John buck against him and impale herself on Sherlock's member.
"You usually express that you're not my date, very sternly," Sherlock whispers softly, smile softening.
