sherlock shrugged. "not sure." he stood up with his plate, going to dump his mashed meatloaf in the trash.
When the two women got home, Sherlock was more on her toes because, on the way home, Joan was having more contractions that soon got to be closer together. Joan sat in her chair as she watched Sherlock across from her check her watch every minute.
“That sounds great, I’ll make the roast John loves so much for dinner. What else do you two want? Any sweets? Who am I kidding, I’m surprised your teeth haven’t fallen out from all the sweets you eat.”
"sorry 'bout teasing you." john apologized.
john settled between the long legs that hung off the side of the bed, his own cock growing painfully in his shorts, but he worried only about taking care of sherlock. he licked a stripe up the thick cock, collecting the sweet beads of precome as he made his way to the head. he pressed a soft kiss to it, licking around the head before swallowing down.
"you plan on seein' john?" sherlock's father asked him, cracking open a cold one.
“Take a look outside.” she went to fetch the kettle to pour tea.
john typed swiftly with his thumb as he rubbed his own half hard cock.
"it was. is it bad that i miss it here?" he asked, looking around the quaint restaurant.
"please," john begged.
sherlock looked down, pulling his chair out and sitting down. he felt and elbow nudge him and he looked over at his uncle.
a hand pulled at sherlock's hair and he growled softly as he continued to lick over the small bud, rubbing the other between his fingers. the grip of the hand grew tighter as john's moans became louder.
john laughed with him. he nuzzled his partner's neck, kissing the skin gently. sherlock wrapped an arm around john, holding him close. "i love you." he whispered into the sand colored hair.
sherlock groaned, praying that he could last, but he couldn't. "john!" he moaned, giving one last thrust before filling the rugby captain.
sherlock shook his head. "everyone always ends up back here."
john nodded. he walked over to the weight rack and pulled off the ten pound kettlebell. "are you going to train me or not?" he asked over his shoulder.
sherlock nodded in agreement, taking another swig, john joining him.
"it's good," sherlock nodded, "cold as hell, but it's good." he cleared his throat, wanting this small talk awkwardness to vanish. "and how's uva?"
“Will do, dear. Tell John I say hello.”
there was a second of just starring before sherlock made the first move, letting go of john's hand. he put his finger under the chin of the blond, tilting his head up more then catching him into a kiss. john stepped closer, his hands resting on the boney hips, gripping the fabric of sherlock's shirt.
Harold nodded.
sherlock became a red as a tomato. he pushed up his glasses and cleared his throat. "that's very irrelevant at the moment."
john's mouth watered as he looked over the above average length cock, watching the tiny bead of pre come drop down in. he wanted to sit on it badly. let sherlock fuck him until he couldn't walk.
"sherl, please!" he begged.
John walked into the kitchen from the landing, setting the bag of takeaway on the table, shedding his coat as he walked into the living room, hanging it on the rack. He smiled at his husband who sat on the floor with their son, watching him on his back as he looked at the shapes above him that hung on his play gym, trying to reach for them.
“I will. Give dad my love.”
"ah, fuck," sherlock gasped once he fully settled into john.
"just take your time." john said softly, watching sherlock's facial expression, his eyes closed as he was focusing on what to do next.
"about what?"
sherlock looked over to the other side of the table, seeing mr. and mrs. watson smiling at him. he smiled back then sat down, looking at john who got up quietly from his seat, telling his mother something before walking out of the dining room. part of sherlock told him to go after him, but the other part told him to stay seated and eat his ginger snaps. he stayed in his seat, asking for the peanut butter balls.
sherlock gave one last tug at his cock as he looked at the picture, climaxing all over his fist as he panted. he sighed and grabbed a shirt off the floor, using it to clean his fist before he texted back.
"do you ever fantasize about kissing someone? or maybe having sex with that person?"
sherlock sighed as he rolled his window up. that was a start. and of course his uncle was open about it, he was also gay. he tucked his license back into his wallet and put his registration away before driving again. he turned around at the next intersection, heading east this time. he was feeling a bit better. getting what was causing him the most pressure off his chest gave him some relief. but now he had to come out to his parents. and the rest of his family.
sherlock cleared his throat and looked down.
“It didn’t come up.”
john grabbed the base of the toy and sat down on it slowly, letting out a low moan. he sat completely on it, looking up at sherlock with his lips parted and eyes droopy.
“We’re gonna take the bags up then come down,” Sherlock said to his parents.
john stood up, stepping down the few steps and into sherlock's arms. "what's in that bag?" he asked.
sherlock chuckled. "you naughty, naughty boy." he grinned and climbed over john, letting his clothed cock press against the doctor's groin. "after this little stunt, you'll have to make it up to me." he said as he rubbed the toy at john's entrance.
john scoffed. "you couldn't see me before you left? we've been friends forever and you couldn't see me before you left for a semester in boston?"
“fucking cock slut.” sherlock muttered, thrusting back into the boy, watching his cock slip in and out of him. “eating me right up.” he quickened his pace.
everyone bowed their heads, closing their eyes as mrs. watson started praying. sherlock kept his eyes open, staring down at his empty plate as he felt a pair of eyes on him. he lifted his head slightly, seeing john staring at him from across the far end of the table. sherlock brought his head up, gaining full eye contact with john. they stood like that, just starting at each other as their families had their heads bowed in prayer.
John chuckled, turning back inside as he started to speak with Sylvia.
sherlock shrugged. "what am i going to do with them now?" he asked, looking at his friend.
"you okay?" sherlock asked.
john laughed softly. he looked over at the car a few spots over and smiled before looking down at his phone.
“Your mum went to get your dad.” John picked up their bags again, carrying them to the steps and setting them down on the first few steps. “Ready?”
“I have to keep you on your toes, simple domestic life doesn’t come easy when you marry a mad man.”
john arched his back and closed his eyes, moaning loudly. "jesus," he panted. "for a virgin, you sure can put up." he brought his hand up to sherlock's cheek, cupping it.
it was christmas eve. sherlock helped his mother set up the dining room table, carrying out plates and baskets of yeast rolls. he kept himself confined in the kitchen and dining room, staying away from john. it was always a tradition to eat together. they were like one big family and every year they switched what house they would eat at and this year it was the holmeses.
"afraid so." sherlock kissed the top of john's head. "but, we can sit under a blanket and i'll hold your hand and you can lay on my shoulder."
"i think you should ignore him for a bit." sherlock stood up. "and come downstairs and we'll make hot chocolate, spike it some, then watch elf on a continuous loop until we get sick of it."
“Anything else?”
"i know what you want to do."
john laughed. "really?"
“He had just started walking,” Harold started, “he was always running around, chasing Myc and the cats. When he fell down, he had the tendency to pull himself up on things and when he fell in the corridor, he grabbed the table runner on the table in there and everything came crashing down on him.” Harold chuckled at the memory. “Last time he ever pulled on something to get up.”
“I’m still going to time your contractions.”
When the contractions became closer and lasted longer, Sherlock really started freaking out. She got the overnight bag from their room and set it next to the door, put her shoes on and watched Joan’s every movement.
“You drive,” he said to his husband as he walked around to the other side of the car.
there it is! sherlock was just being used! "really fucking low, john. i thought you were better." sherlock said then opened the front door, leaving with rage boiling inside him. he took his keys out from his pocket and got into his car, focused on getting out.
John took Ben, sitting him in his lap. “That is a pretty flower you got there.”
"use your words."
“A baby always has more of their mother’s traits. And you have the best traits to pass down, from your smarts and your determination, your looks, and your enormous heart. If my calculations are right,” Sherlock placed her hands on Joan’s round belly, “this baby will be a spinning image of his mother.”
john took a swig, letting out a breath. "a good kind of strong."
"still angry?" sherlock asked. john jumped some, letting out a small yelp. "oh my god, sherlock! i didn't even hear you come in."
sherlock pulled away.
sherlock turned to the door, placing a hand on the knob, but he couldn't push himself to open it. he couldn't leave john alone. he was his friend and lately he's been a shitty on. "i need to know what that kiss was." he turned around again. "was it because you like me or to get back at sholto?"
sherlock grinned and thought for a second, rolling his hips down onto the boy as he felt himself grow hard. "i want you to stuff yourself from both ends." sherlock said into john's ear. "i want you fucking your self on this dildo as you suck my cock." he said as he trailed his fingers down the boy's body, running over his cock then slipping right into him. "just swallowed them right up." he said with a smirk, thinking about how quick john could swallow his cock. how wet and open he'd feel. sherlock let out a soft moan and rutted his hips against john a last time before getting off the bed.
sherlock panted as he looked down at the doctor, watching him rest his head on his thigh as a bead of come slowly ran down his chin. he reached his hand down to john's chin, swiping the come off his chin, taken by surprise when john took sherlock's thumb in his mouth, swirling his tongue around the digit, making sure he got every bit of sherlock in him.
"you asked mom's parents for their blessing. that takes some guts." sherlock said.
once a family with a screaming infant sat next to him, he took out his ear buds and turned his music on, seeing the text:
"did you buy a dildo?" sherlock asked with a smirked, kneeling on the bed between john's legs, looking at the sex toy still inside him.
"is that why you didn't want me to come visit? because it was just lunch?" sholto asked over the phone.
over the past few weeks, john just wanted sex and not that sherlock was complaining about it, but he was starting to get sore. even when sherlock let him sit in his lap. that boy was fucking machine and sherlock was starting to feel like he couldn't get hard any more because john completely milked him out. they at least had sex three times a day, but sherlock hadn't heard anything from john at all one day and started to get worried.
"do you?"
"fucking cock slut." sherlock grunted as he used all the night left in his hips to thrust up into his doctor. "do you feel used? after fucking yourself with that dildo all day then letting me fuck you?" sherlock gripped the doctor's hips tightly. "feel used like a dirty whore?"
“He looks just like you,” Sherlock whispered. She stared in awe at the newborn boy.
“That’s good. My lunch is almost up, do you want me to bring something home for dinner?”
Sherlock and John went to the backdoor, looking out it and seeing Harold holding his grandson, showing him the various flowers and plants that grew in the garden. He picked a pink flower and handed it to Ben, smiling at his grandson who put the flower in his face. Harold turned towards the house and smiled at the couple watching him, taking Ben’s hand and making him wave.
"i took chem lab duties, so the tenth."
“But-”
sherlock handed john his mug. "oh i know. i've known that since you two started dating." he took a swig of his hot chocolate, humming. "damn that's strong."
“up.” sherlock panted.
“No, we don’t eat our hands silly.” John took Ben’s fist out of his mouth, placing him in his high chair. “What do we have for him tonight?” John asked as he went to the kitchen drawer where they kept the bibs.
sherlock sniffled. "i just- i just don't believe it for some reason." he huffed out a laugh.
"remember when you blew up the chem lab at school?" john asked with a small laugh.
"i know you've got more than this in you." john said, wrapping his arms around sherlock's neck.
"can i get the turkey club then a later order for a double cheeseburger with onions and mayo?" sherlock asked.
"sometimes."
“I’m bad for that, aren’t I?”
sherlock stepped out of the shower, grabbing his towel off the hook then wrapping it around his hips. he took a minute to collect himself, getting the thoughts of his friend out of his head. "stupid, stupid, stupid," sherlock muttered as he picked up his clothes off the floor, putting them in the laundry basket before going back to his room.
he cleared the text from his notifications then set his phone on his chest, sinking further into his chair as he stared up at the ceiling. he was currently studying at harvard, coming home for christmas break to his small farm town in the middle of no where virginia. he didn't mind go home, but he just wanted to get away. he wanted to leave the small town and make something good out of himself that didn't have to deal with farming or his income depending on the crop season. his phone vibrated and he took it off his chest, looking down at the screen.
“No!” Joan smacked Sherlock’s hands away. “I can’t. I can’t,” she shook her head, sniffling.
sherlock cupped john's cheek, pulling his face out from his shoulder, smiling down at him. "you know, i ignored you when i first got home because i couldn't bear seeing you." sherlock wiped the blond's tears with his thumbs. "i didn't say good bye because i felt like i would have told you my feelings and you would never have spoke to me again." sherlock buttoned john's cuffs. "and i couldn't lose an amazing friend like you. and i pretty much did because i pushed you away."
it was about a minute before john got a response.
"i know you want to fuck me." john opened the bottle, squeezing some lube into his hand before reaching down and grabbing a hold of sherlock's half hard cock. "and i want you to."
sherlock chuckled and looked down at his father who was smiling up at him. "one damn christmas present if you ask me." he said.
Joan kept her focus on her son. “We never chose a name.”
sherlock grabbed an oven mitt, putting it on as he turned the timer on the stove off. he opened the stove, pulling out the apple pie out and setting it on the counter. he shut the oven door, taking the mitt. "do you want it out there, ma?" he shouted slightly.
sherlock went over to the love seat, standing in front of john. he grabbed his wrists and pulled him up, wrapping his arms around his friend and hugging him. "let it out." he rubbed john's back. "it's okay."
"please!" john whined.
“No, it’s more than that.” Sherlock walked to Joan. “What’s the matter, love?”
"we're the only ones here, correct?" john asked, leaning closer to sherlock.
“And we will gladly take him,” Sylvia said from behind them.
"now would be the time while the chatter is down." rudy said softly to his nephew.
that's going to be one hell of a christmas present.
a very big one.
as sherlock pulled into his driveway, he already spotted john's truck and pulled in next to it. he grabbed the bag and headed in quickly, the snow getting heavier and the wind picking up. the front door was unlocked and when he walked in, he saw john sitting in the steps.
sherlock leaned forward, watching john lean back. he got pulled down by the lapel of his jacket, getting kissed hard by the boy underneath him. he adjusted himself as he kissed back, pressing his groin against the blond's, getting a small noise from him.
"you don't need to study, so i'm going to go home." sherlock zipped his bag shut and stood, slinging it over his shoulder. "i'm not going to waste my friday night, john."
"lay down."
“Of course.” Sherlock stepped to his father, passing Ben to him.
after everyone was finished with dessert, they broke out the eggnog and migrated to the living room for their traditional watching of miracle on 34th street and home alone. during the first movie, sherlock got up from his seat, weaving his way through family and to the stair case. he walked up the steps silently, seeing john sitting in the small lounge area by the steps.
Sherlock took the hand and held it.
Joan pecked Sherlock’s cheek. They were going to be good parents. Especially since Sherlock has read every book she could find on raising a child or on children in general. Just the way Sherlock looked at the boy already told Joan all she needed.
“Are you sure we shouldn’t go to the hospital?” Sherlock asked Joan.
the family thing wasn't true because his parents still loved john like their third son and nothing changed when he came out. but the thoughts about john were probably true. sherlock played it through his head. him confessing his feelings to his best friend, him rejecting him and calling him things then never speaking to him again. it played in sherlock's head like a movie. a movie that left him heartbroken and that pit like feeling in his gut. he needed to get over it, but he just didn't know how.
john smirked and looked at himself in the mirror, pushing the hem of his shorts down, revealing the front of his thong that was nestled into the patch of pubic hairs. he took another picture and sent it to sherlock, feeling his own bit of arousal as he laid back.
"fuck," sherlock moaned, tilting his head back as john's tongue run up the underside of his cock then around the tip. he sucked in a sharp breath and bit the back of his hand as the warm heat of john's mouth engulfed him. shelrock's head flicked over to the mirror and he watched their reflections. watched his cock disappear in the boy's mouth. he wanted to fuck john and watch himself do it in the mirror right beside him.
john nodded.
sherlock grabbed the plate and a mug. "come on then." he hurried out to the living room, careful not to spill his drink. he set both items on the coffee table, plopping down onto the sofa.
they ate, laughing and telling jokes as time passed. sherlock still felt his heart rate pick up a bit every time john smiled at him or his foot gently ran over his own on accident. it was difficult to sit there and act like nothing was bothering him. he was being eaten alive by his heart but his head told him to ignore it. that this was all just a phase and it'll fade once he's back at school because it was gone until he had gotten home.
"that's the only way!"
"if you knew why you'd understand." sherlock looked at his hands, feeling that empty gut feeling like last nights.
sherlock smiled back. "i know."
henry nodded. "be right out, boys." he said before going back into the kitchen.
“Save some for everyone else,” Sylvia said as she put two mugs on the table.
"yes, just like that, baby boy." sherlock rested back on one arm, the other holding up his phone as he took quite a few pictures of the doctor. his eyes wide in filled with lust as sherlock's cock was in his mouth and he was bouncing on a dildo. sherlock tossed his phone to the side, keeping his eyes on john. he wanted to feel how open he was, how wet.
John didn’t question it, getting into the driver side, looking at his husband as he buckled up. “Alright?”
sherlock kneeled behind john, pulling his shorts down. he leaned over the boy, ripping open the packet of lube and applying it to both of them. “now, i’m going to fuck you, john. i’m going to fuck you into the floor and watch in the mirror as i do so.” he said as he looked at them in the mirror, pushing the head of his cock into the boy.
“What if he turns out to be like Mark?” Joan’s voice cracked.
“But what if I’m a terrible parent?”
sherlock gave john a weak smile. "so how long is your break?"
"you okay?" john asked.
“Some days you can be.”
“I’ll keep that in mind when Ben starts walking,” John said.
Joan wiped her face. “Okay.”
"almost two hours!" john whined out. he looked for something to grab, but there was nothing so he leaned forward, letting himself get fucked as he clenched the bedsheets. "yes! yes!" he shouted as sherlock's cock hit his prostate.
“Look at you two,” Sherlock said. “Just a bunch of smiles.”
Ben jabbered on, bringing his fist to his mouth.
"i thought long and hard about the time when i was six and walked in on my grandfather naked."
"grab that bag with stuff in it and let's get busy."
then those soft lips were against his again. and sherlock couldn't resist. he kissed back, lifting a hand to cup the side of his friend's face, finally getting to know what the warm skin felt like against his hand. how his cheek fit perfectly into the palm of his hand. he should pull away. he really should. but john made the first move. but sherlock should've pulled away the first time.
sherlock smirked and gripped the boy’s hips, letting his forehead rest between his shoulder blades as he pounded into him, wrapping a hand around the neglected cock.
John chuckled at his sulking husband. “How is he?”
"stuff that includes your not twin bed anymore?" john wrapped his arms around sherlock's neck, inching closer to his face.
Sherlock returned the smile. He stepped closer to his mother, looking at Ben who was holding onto the necklace his mother wore. The boy looked up at his father, smiling and reaching out for him.
“There’s you dad!” Harold exclaimed softly.
Ben held the flower to his father’s face.
“or my bedroom tonight.” john said and gave sherlock a wink.
john smirked to himself as he tossed the bag into his bedroom. he changed into one of his shorter, looser crop tops before pulling on the shorts that showed his ass the most. he went into the bathroom and bit his lip as he looked at his reflection, adjusting his shorts to where the waste band was under his thong. once he was satisfied with the look, he grabbed his phone and snapped a picture, sending it to sherlock. he knew exactly what to do about this chemistry project. it took about five minutes before john got a response from sherlock.
The room that was once hers has now been painted a soft blue color, there were wall stickers of smiling animals, a changing table that had everything needed to change a child and a white crib that had a small blanket and a stuffed bee that Sherlock had picked out. She reached into the crib, taking out the bee and holding it.
"listen here, idiot," john said strongly, "james was a liar and a cheater. i'd never go near him again. ever. okay?" he asked, watching sherlock nod. "you are the one for me, sherlock holmes. it's taken me years to realize it, but it's true. i promise that, okay? i love you, ya goon."
"i'd really like to go now, john." sherlock watched john stand in front of the door, crossing his arms over his chest.
john stood with a bottle of bourbon, pouring a bit in the two coffee mugs that sat on the table. "save some for me." john pointed to the fudge as he put the bottle away.
"i'm not sure."
"my cock!" sherlock threw his head back.
“Oh, we’re doing well. Just got back from the shops. They finally got the farmers market back open, I was so excited. Got so many great things.”
sherlock nipped the skin on john's neck, receiving a small yelp. "i've dreamed of this moment." sherlock left open mouthed kisses on his skin. "all the different sounds you'd make, how you'd taste and what would make you tick." he kissed down to the sensitive pink bud on john's chest, licking a stripe over it.
“please,” john begged, pushing back against sherlock.
"oh my god, you're nineteen and still a virgin!" john exclaimed, watching the brunet turn and reach for the door of his room. "wait, sherlock." he grabbed the other strap of his book bag, pulling him back.
“Hi, Benny. I’m your grandma. I’m gonna spoil you rotten, you know that?”
they walked into the living room silently, sitting on the floor in front of the sofa where harry was sitting. sherlock grabbed the afghan that he had covering his lap earlier, putting it over their laps then snaking his hand under it, lacing his fingers with john's, loving the way their hands felt together. after a few minutes, john's body relaxed against sherlock's, his head falling onto his shoulder and sherlock smiled to himself. this was all he ever wanted. all he could ever ask for.
"do you want to?"
john hummed. "you got me there."
sherlock smiled to himself as he watched john turn around and head up the stairs. his smile faded once john was out of view and he bent over, picking up the bag. his mind kept telling him this was a mistake. that after this would hurt him more than if he would've just stayed away. god he was stupid. sherlock toed off his shoes before heading up the steps and to his room.
Sherlock chuckled. “Make whatever you want, I’m sure we’ll eat it all and take home what we don’t finish.”
john was sitting on the bed, watching sherlock with a smile. "hey, you," he stood up, "why that face?"
They made their way downstairs and into the kitchen, John instantly went for the display of sweets on the table, shoving a lemon bar into his mouth.
Sherlock felt his heart grow as John gave him a smile, watching him occupy their son in his lap as he held a conversation with his father, listening to his mother pipe into the conversation with her opinions. He relaxed into his seat, feeling content with the outcome of the day, enjoying the surroundings of his family. Enjoying the joking domestic between his parents, the occasional glance from his husband and the smiles and babbling that came from his son as he bounced on his legs. It was good. He felt at ease.
Sherlock set his phone down on the arm of the chair, sighing deeply as he tilted his head back, closing his eyes as he tried to relax. The sound of the faint cries from the baby monitor caused Sherlock to get up, heading upstairs to John’s old bedroom that was now a nursery for their son. He opened the door softly, walking over to the crib and looking down at his son who was whining.
john laid on his stomach, catching his breath. “fuck that was some work out,” he panted.
“Little troubled maker, huh?” Sylvia asked as she set a cup of tea in front of her son who just sat down.
sherlock stopped and looked at his plate, seeing that he completely mushed his meatloaf and decided he wasn't hungry anymore. he pushed the plate away slightly, feeling like the meatloaf was his heart and the fork was every time he saw or revived a text from john.
“If you could.”
"do you want my cock in your mouth?" sherlock asked as he undid his trouser. "slipping down your throat," he said as he cock popped out of his boxers, "as you choke on it."
john nodded. "c'mere." he pulled sherlock on top of him. "i know you sherlock. i know how you watch me. when i come home from practice i can feel your eyes on me as i change and i can tell when the color in your cheeks change, even if you think i can't." he reached over to his night stand, grabbing a small bottle.
John went around to the boot as Sherlock got out. He watched his husband open the back door, hearing him talk playfully to their son. He collected their bags, heading to the front door with them, opening the door and stepping inside, instantly being greeted by Mrs. Holmes.
sherlock shook himself out of his thoughts and nodded, walking over to john. "spread your legs out more and straighten out your back." he said to john, placing a hand on the small of his back as he watched john do as he says. "alright, we'll start with fifteen, but hold for a few seconds before you come up."
john lowered himself, inhaling the scent of musk and salt as he licked around the base of sherlock's cock, looking up at him through his lashes.
“Bye.”
sherlock smiled, leaning down and kissing john as he pulled out slowly, pushing back in slowly. john moaned into his mouth, his hand finding their way into the curls, gripping them as sherlock kept up with his rhythm, slowly starting to pick up the pace.
"are you going to speak?" john asked, slightly pissed. henry set a mug down in front of john, saying their food wouldn't be too long.
an instant response.
"i say we go for another around. ruffle his feather a bit more." john suggest, running a hand through the tangled curls.
sherlock stopped, lifting his head up and kissing john again as his fingers slipped into the waistband of his boxers, pulling them down and off with the help of john lifting his hips. then came his own and he moaned out when the wet hand wrapped around his cock.
“A baby,” Sherlock’s father said in amazement. “When did you have a baby?”
“Bye, mum.”
it's been about ten months for john and sholto. ever since john went to tour the university of virginia campus and got hit on by a guy in the library. john came home and went to sherlock, going on and on about the guy in the library and all sherlock could do was sit there and listen. no matter how bad he wanted to tell his best friend he was in love with him. then the rest of their senior year, john was always on his phone texting sholto or asking sherlock on weekends if he could meet sholto halfway so they could go out to dinner while sherlock sat in his car and tried not to cry. during the summer, sherlock spent time away from john, drowning himself in work to ignore his friend. it worked too. sherlock was able to leave for school without saying a long goodbye to john and he hated that, but it was for the best. sherlock didn't want to see him. every time he saw him his heart broke a little more.
of course he was running late. he always was. especially when it was something to do with sherlock. he was probably bringing james with him. god if he was sherlock would get up and walk out because he did not agree to that and john never mentioned it. sherlock set his phone on his folded jacket next to him, placing his hands in his lap as he watched the window, tapping his fingers on the table top.
sherlock nodded.
"yes. now can we stop talking about it?"
sherlock grabbed john's chin and tilted his head up. "such a greedy little thing." he said as he sat on the bed. "do you want my cock?" he asked.
"why's that?" sherlock sighed, turning the sink off.
“Hey, hey. It’s okay.” Sherlock held Joan’s hands, “It is going to be alright.”
"i'm sorry." sherlock said. "i just couldn't see you before i left."
john chuckled softly. "let me do the work." he pushed sherlock back, hovering over him as he removed his glasses, placing them to the side before kissing sherlock again.
the wholesome tan body of the blond body filled sherlock's mind. the way he looked in the summer heat with his fringe sticking the his sweat soaked forehead or the way his jeans stuck to his ass, the curved beauty popping out as he bent over, picking up another hay bale. sherlock rested his forearm against the cool tile of the shower, letting the water his his back as his other hand traveled down his body. he closed his eyes, wondering how the arse of his best friend would look perked out in front of him, engulfing his cock.
“My goodness,” John said as he crouched down, picking up his son. “You have gotten so big.” he held him, smiling at the toothless grin his son was giving him. “My big boy, Ben.”
He is home.
john huffed out a laugh. "you know he doesn't like you." he pressed play on the movie.
“Hudders brought some fruits and vegetables up. I was thinking a bit of avocado since he hasn’t tried it yet,” Sherlock said as he set the table for him and John.
When they arrived at the Holmes house, Sherlock felt the pit feeling in his stomach again, staying in the car as John got out. His door opened and John was looking down at him with a comforting smile. “I’ll take the bags in and you handle Ben, yea?”
Despite himself, the corner of John's lips twitches in amusement. "You will be in a good mood by tonight. You like dancing, the food's always decent. And my friends are really, really nice. You'll love them. And they'll love you."
In a flash, Sherlock sharply headbutts the man with a sickening thud and leaves him unconscious. His head throbs in protest: definitely concussed now.
"May have?"
"Is this going to take any longer? I need that knife for the isken intestines."
“Yeah. I think we’re in the same position in this case,” John says quietly, glancing surreptitiously at the bed in case Mary was awake and listening. She was still sound asleep.
"I wouldn't drool though. And I don't shed."
"Tell us about it."
Sherlock
What day will it reach when John decides that he’s sick of him? That he’d prefer to get a stable job with a higher income to live on his own, to find someone else? He hopes never. Realistically, he predicts John will last a couple of months before getting restless. At least that’s what cases are for.
Harry: The answer is yes. Because it’s a Shakespeare play
"Yes, but I don't care what Agatha thinks. I care about what you can see just from looking at him. Forget what you already know."
"At the hall, still. Probably. Need to get my first aid kit."
"You alright, Sherlock?" Mary asked, and John jumped slightly when he remembered she was there, "I heard about what happened at the Yule Ball. Sorry about Victor."
"John?" Sherlock snatched back John's attention. "Are you going to enter?"
“No, I only managed to save up enough for one. It’s alright, I don’t need one.”
Write back when you can. Don't feel under pressure to write about anything interesting. You could talk to me about the texture of different types of cotton fibres and I'd still absorb every word and be ready with praise and questions. I like seeing that you've written to me at all. It's a little relieving to know you haven't dismissed the idea of writing to your soulmate entirely yet. For all your cynicism about the whole journal thing when you first wrote to me, we're getting on quite well, aren't we?
Sherlock would have stayed in bed all day, and preferably all his life too - at least until he could completely delete the event from his head - if it weren't for the train leaving Hogwarts today. He looked at his watch: nine o'clock. Five hours until the train leaves.  That's five hours of trying to avoid John and Victor.
"No - well, a bit. But that doesn't matter. Why did you do that?" John suddenly felt breathless.
“What’s this?” Sherlock asks, breaking him out of his reverie as he brings out a photo album from the bottom of one of the boxes.
The three-headed dog in question, Redbeard, is the audience of this monologue explaining the origins of the universe, and has been a hundred times over in the last couple of thousands of years. As such, he is looking equally bored by this.
"Okay."
"Well, since you're offering - wait, what's that about the STI?"
"Hi, John. Where's Mary?" Greg asked.
John's face is pale, care-worn even in sleep, the lines on his face deeper than usual. Sherlock wants to trace them, stroke his forehead and cheeks and lips, smooth away everything that has caused him so much pain. Instead, he settles for his wrist, placing his fingers at his pulse point. It's faint, but it's there, the gentle throb of his blood, thankfully still inside his body, as it should be.
All knowledge of La Sylphide credited to Wikipedia. I have never seen the show so please excuse any mistakes. Also, do not try to use this method to break into a theatre. It probably will not work and I don't think theatres or guards work the way I imagined it.
Janine followed soon after with Madam Maxine. She flashed excited grins at the crowd and waved excitedly whenever she caught sight of a friend.
John ignores the flattering connotation that Sherlock has his shifts memorised, and replies, "I'm really sorry, but the manager just texted. I'll take another cab back to the coffee shop."
"For John."
"You what?"
He started to run to the nest, hoping that the Occamy's injury would slow it down, but somehow it overtook John and stood in front of the nest, its wings spread menacingly, despite the crooked angle the left wing was at. John cast another spell at it - a body binding jinx - but it moved out of the way swiftly. John knew that there was no way he could get past the Occamy as long as he was the only threat there. So he did the first thing he could think of that could work.
When he finally, finally entered the club, the crowd of dancers were still there. He wove his way through, trying to look for a tall, lean body, for a dark curl at the nape of a neck, for muscles straining under a purple shirt, but he could find none of these, no sign of Sherlock being there at all.
“Three heads.”
home?! You’re — you —“ At a loss for words, Sherlock lifted his head off the pillow, and at the same time, John met him halfway and crashed their lips together. Every second of their separation, every minute spent yearning and pining, it all poured out into this one kiss, until it was gone, and Sherlock felt only light and warmth and heady arousal.
“It wasn’t that stupid. Okay, fine, yes it was a bit. But you had good intentions.”
John curiously skims through the previous pages of the notebook and finds pages upon pages of observations of Sherlock's own behaviour after so many hours of sleep, about how levels of caffeine and blood sugar affected this, how efficiently he was able to work on cold cases and cases from clients. The man leads a fascinating life, something that seems more out of a work of fiction than reality.
"The score?" He asked.
"Mary is here."
“Do you, though? I thought some things were obviously worth repeating. Like not running towards a group of criminals when I specifically told you to wait!”
John stared out of the window as the train set off. "Next year is going to be out last year," he observed in awe. "That's going to feel weird."
For a moment there’s just silence while Sherlock finishes bounding John’s leg. John doesn’t speak, but Sherlock can hear the cogs whirring in his brain, clicking into place. This is it, he thinks. Our last conversation together as friends will be with John with a gaping wound in his leg. Surprisingly fitting.
Almost instantly, a large, aggressive looking man comes out of the alley. "Which way?" He asks John, and John points in the direction of the passerby. "Him in the trench coat." The man runs past John and pursues the man, who has now broken out into a sprint after discovering he was being chased. John dives discreetly into the alley and waits for Sherlock.
"No."
John chuckles humourlessly. "You worked for him. Brilliant. Bloody brilliant."
They stood in silence as the sun got lower and lower, watching the ship approach the edge of the lake, as students wearing warm military-like uniform load out, until John's eyes widened in remembrance. "Shit. Sherlock, we have to go."
“In Brixton.”
"Why would she make it in the first place?"
"Definitely not. This is my space. I'm not having someone else clutter it up with... inane books, or DVDs, or empty beer cans, or kicking me out so they can bring significant others around."
"Bet you never saw this coming."
"Are you with me or not?" Sherlock's eyes stare into John's beseechingly, intensely. Knowing he would never be able to refuse a look like that, John sighs and nods.
Mcgonagall led the champions and their headteachers to a space under the bleachers in the quidditch field. the July evening air was cool and breezed, though his Champion uniform protected him somewhat against the cold air that was expected of Scotland, even in the summer. The crowds were cheering and talking excitedly as they waited for the champions to arrive, the sound almost deafening. John peeked through the gap in the yellow canvas and saw a glimpse of the huge maze standing in the quidditch fields. It was tall, tall enough that John couldn't even see the top of it, and lit up by lamps, giving it an ominous shadow. From where he was standing, the maze looked empty, almost completely abandoned, but he knew that it would be filled with mystical creatures and sentient plants, designed to test his strength and wit. Not to mention the constant dead ends, the twists and turns that would come at every corner, taking him further and further away from the prize, from ending this damned tournament. John's heart leaped into his throat.
"Look at it this way," Janine said, "There are two best-case scenarios: one is that you and Victor take a liking to each other - "
Oh. Oh…
"I've thought of lots of great titles for it."
(See the end of the chapter for
“John.”
John sat up slightly, wincing as he did so, and saw a pile of chocolate frogs, every-flavoured beans, pumpkin pasties, and cards with get well soon notes. He smiled. "That's nice of people."
John leans up and kisses him again. "Alright. A Whole Latte Love on you."
"I'm sorry Mary." Sherlock murmured.
"I don't see why he can't just stay in his hotel room and not show up. Surely it won't be that hard spotting a confused looking assassin when their target doesn't show up."
John buries his face in his hands with a groan. "Christ, this is humiliating. You say something now."
“Hey!” Molly runs to catch up with Greg’s longer strides as they leave the building. She never usually does this (neither the running nor the actively seeking conversation with a guy) but for some reason she felt emboldened. Perhaps the topsy-turvy world of Illyria was escaping its pages. (She rolls her eyes in her head at her own romanticism. Calm down, Molly) “Greg Lestrade, right? Congratulations on getting Orsino! That’s a great role to get.”
John follows behind Sherlock, his heart swelling affectionately as he watches him bound into the ticket office.
"Serial killer. All the victims unconnected, except for that they have a little finger missing." Sherlock's face lightens and he even does a small twirl as he puts on his coat to leave. "Oh, it's Christmas."
"No, stay." John budged over and patted the small area of mattress next to him, yawning. "I'm awake now. You made sure of that."
"I'd say we are, yeah."
Harry: And yet it’s happening
On that note, Mcgonagall finished her speech and everyone left the hall to go to their dorms. Late that night, when Sherlock lay wide awake on his bed, he pondered over the tournament.
“This isn’t necessary,” John protests, but it’s weak and barely above a whisper. Sherlock tries not to think about the precarious position he’s in, kneeling between John’s legs, gaze pointedly directed at the wound just above John’s knee.
"No, it clearly advertises itself as 'fun for all ages', do keep up, John," Sherlock says calmly, as though speaking to someone especially ignorant. Sure enough, 'fun for all ages' is written distinctly on the box. Besides, I also have Cluedo, chess, scrabble and connect four. A diverse range of tests for different abilities. What's more scientific than that?"
That night he dreamt of Yule Balls and music, and a room of Marys and Johns dancing together completely oblivious to him standing in the middle of the room alone and in pain.
"For me?"
John watches as Greg drones through his soliloquy, stumbling over his words, monotonous, but determined to get to the end. While he smiles encouragingly and gives Greg a reassuring thumbs-up, Sherlock leans over and murmurs in his ear. “I’m surprised you have time to partake in this, given your duties as rugby captain.”
They run out of the coffee shop, John quickly turning the 'open' sign around to show 'closed' as he passed through the door. "Police! Freeze!" Sherlock yells, and the man instantly breaks out into a sprint.
"Who?"
"We still have to wait until the next round of the tournament?" Alissia asked, failing to hide the impatience in her voice.
"You will be."
Your questions aren't overwhelming in the slightest. No, I don't have a girlfriend or boyfriend and I've never had one. Nor do I need one, so I don't require your pity. I'm surprised you didn't already guess this, as I've already made my general social life, or lack thereof, quite clear.
The cold December air hit his face hard as he left the crowded, heated castle. With one hand puling his cloak further around him for warmth, he took his wand out and cast a lumos charm, allowing him to see that little bit better. "Sherlock?" He called. No one replied. He walked slowly, skirting the castle walls, calling Sherlock's name. Finally, he heard a deep slurred voice reply back, "John?" John breathed a sigh of relief, approached where he heard the voice, and saw Sherlock slumped against the wall, his head leant back and swaying ever so slightly. "I knew you'd turn up eventuallly?" Sherlock slurred, a slow careless smile crawling drunkenly onto his face
[unsent] You remember that? From the film I made you watch? Do you remember what it means?
As John finished talking, they hopped on to the self-drawn carriages (which Sherlock was almost certain that it was just an invisible creature drawing it. Not that he knew why. Couldn't they hire other wizards or squibs to drive it? Or invent a spell that actually self-draws the carriages?) and conversation diverted from dull to mind-numbing, so Sherlock closed his eyes and started to wonder how badly injured he would be if he happened to fall out of the carriage at this speed.
"You're not here for John, are you," he eventually concluded.
"That's easy for you to say. You're not the one crushed by someone lying on top of them. Budge up a bit so I can breathe, yeah?"
She tried to open her mouth to speak, only for silence to come out.
"You're okay," whispered Sherlock, half to himself, "you're going to be fine." Grunting with the effort, he lifted John up onto his hospital bed and lay him down on his back. As he pulled the quilt over John, the doors burst open and Mycroft walked in, wand held steadily out in front of him.
"Stop it!" Both Greg and John fell into silence. Molly glared at the two boys. "I'll propose a deal, okay? Sherlock comes back tomorrow." Molly glanced at John, whose face remained unreadable. "He should hear it from him."
"Ravenclaw dorm."
I'm writing to let you know that I'm now home, safe and sound, as requested. I'm sorry that it's a tiny bit late - I was bombarded with questions about you and my trip to London from my parents for several hours and it completely exhausted me, so I accidentally fell asleep instead of writing to you. I suppose it was probably the same with you and your parents. You should know that my parents greatly approve of you (mostly because I left out the tiny detail of our slightly illegal misdemeanours) and are asking about when they get to meet you. You don't have to meet them just yet. Or ever. They're incredibly annoying. As is my brother, who would definitely get a 'convenient' day off work to cross-examine you. I can only apologise in advance if you do choose to ignore my warning and meet them.
She took the card - his card - from the drawer next to her, and stared at it, thoughtfully tracing the swirly writing of the man's name with her thumb.
"You're welcome."
"You have your first aid kit?"
"So?" Sherlock asked. His lip was slightly swollen where he had been chewing it anxiously.
"I'm not the one who needs to do some thinking," John mutters. "But fine. Can we take Harry with us?" Tears are falling silently down her face. Between hers and their father's temper, this isn't the safest place to be.
“Excuse me for wanting to have an appropriate conversation in public.”
“Oh.” Sherlock glances at Irene, who sighs and nods, giving him permission to stay. “Thank you.” Sherlock grabs a chair and plants himself next to John, leaning over to look at the script, so close that John’s arm tingles just at the notion of Sherlock being near enough to touch it. He keeps his eyes fixed on the script, hoping it would hide his red cheeks.
“No. He takes his Non Disclosure Agreements seriously.”
"Who?"
“It was hardly a
John wondered if he ever loved her, and if he would have now had they stayed in contact the past few months.
John: Exactly. I have nothing to lose
"Really? That's so cool!" Harry exclaims.
He goes on to explain how due to the reclusive nature of the victims, their secretive personal life, the mysterious tattoos cut off in such a calculating way, and the books in Lila Madison's flat that were so focused on spiritualism and doomsday, the obvious solution was that they were each part of a cult."
“God, I wish you were with me right now. I really want to kiss you.”
"I want them to be answered as soon as this case is over."
alright.”
"John, what's the point of you if you don't ask questions?" Sherlock gave a watery smile. "My detective career relies entirely on your curiosity and ignorance of basic facts."
Sherlock looked up. Alissia turned to look at Mycroft. "Sir?"
"Where's Sherlock?" John growled.
Chapter 3: Comfort and Joy
John thought he was lying.
"The world can survive another year without it."
"Well, I don't suppose you want to - go out again?" John scratched the back of his head awkwardly.
all seemed too accurate and too honest. Thankfully, out of the corner of his eye, he spotted a man oscillating on the pavement, pacing anxiously and looking around with jerky head movements. "Sherlock," he says quietly, "is that him?"
"I have to be alone. Midnight. Don't follow me. They'll see you."
Sherlock Holmes has been dead for nine months, two weeks, and four days. He’s officially moved out of Baker Street, stopped using taxi cabs, lost touch with many of the people he only knew through Sherlock; to all extent and purpose, there is nothing in his life tethering him to Sherlock. And yet it still hasn’t quite hit him that he’s really gone.
John sat back down on the bed with a sigh. “So that’s it then? You give up, send me on my way to civilian life armed with a cane and dismiss me as an invalid?”
"Yes, even then. It wasn't even that bad, what you said. Why, what were you expecting?"
"What are you going to do, Sherlock?" Molly asked.
He felt his feet kick at something below him, and saw John's first aid kit. He sighed. This avoiding-John business would be very difficult for if he was to have to give the kit back. That would involve eye contact. And talking.
"Oh. Oh, I think I know what this is."
Joseph looks between the two, then lets out a breath in understanding. “Ah. Right. Okay. Thank you, Mr Holmes. Mr Watson.” He quickly scarpers from the flat, the bang of the door shutting sparking John’s kindling anger into a flame.
“What about them?”
"Yeah. I get you're not into relationships. You're - asexual? Is that the term? - and that's okay." John's voice had lowered, and if Sherlock didn't know better he'd say it was sad. Most definitely tired. From staying up late with Mary? He tried not to think about it.
“A route that happens to involve you staring at this ugly building every time you passe it? A likely story,” Sherlock spat. “It doesn’t matter. Tell your boss - “ Sherlock tightened the grip on John’s arm with these words (Okay, now very turned on. And terrified.) - “That I will happily break the limbs of every jogger, every commuter, every homeless man, every lost tourist he sends out trying to keep his eye on me. You can also tell him that I’m perfectly fine and he has no reason to think about sending me back to rehab - “
John almost laughed. "No one cares about that anymore," he said bravely. "They know."
"Yes."
Bingo.
What would he say to her, to explain if he crossed her path?
“What?”
"I get it. Exam revision. Never met before. Don't know Redbeard personally."
"The next day I received a letter from 'M' in handwriting I didn't recognise, telling me to meet them in the infirmary at midnight. They had the upper hand; I couldn't change the location or not go. They were to be here, in the same room as you, barely 12 hours out of surgery, and I had to be there too, if only to keep my eye on you. Mycroft tried to convince me not to go, and I'm sure you would have done too. I went anyway.
“I have done no such thing. Mummy watches them. I can’t help it if I happen to be in the room at the same time.”
John ushers Sherlock inside, where the hall is, then slams the door behind him. He leans back against the door, confused by how even though he got a damn apology, he didn't feel better in the slightest. He simply felt... tired. "Are you alright?" Sherlock says quietly.
“You’re pretty.”
“Meet new people, but don’t draw attention to yourself,” Sherlock mutters. “Wonderful. Capital advice.”
“I know.” John chuckles. “I’ve seen you in some of my lectures. John Watson.” He clasps Sherlock’s hand with his, watching with intrigue as his smaller hand becomes enveloped in Sherlock’s far larger hand. They discreetly shake hands, trying to avoid Irene’s glare.
“Do you have one of these necklaces?”
"Welcome to the Rejected Third Wheel's Table." Janine cracked a small smile as she bit into a croissant.
Later that day, John and Sherlock had potions together, fortunately with no Beuxbatons in sight - Mary, Janine or otherwise. Sherlock was watching John as he cut into a styra berry, a slither of tongue sticking out of his mouth in concentration as each berry was cut exactly in half then added to the steaming pink potion next to them.
“It’s the same as the others, in that they all took the same poison and were found in deserted areas that had no meaning to them, at least according to witnesses who knew them. Except,” Sherlock turned to look at John, his knee jogging up and down erratically, “this one has a note. Hopkins didn’t give the specifics, but I’m guessing it’s not exactly ‘this is my killer’s name and how to find them’. Even Lestrade wouldn’t need my assistance for deciphering it, if that was the case.” Sherlock thought of the man with amusement and mild affection. He had become an auror working for the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, and was gradually working his way up the work ladder. Sherlock’s occupation meant that they often ran into each other on wizarding world-related cases, and he had observed from a distance how slowly, yet surely, Lestrade was getting on with his life in the aftermath of his bereavement. In the past ten years Lestrade had received two promotions, started dating, had three relationships, the current one Lestrade was considering moving in with, Sherlock had deduced.
Sherlock couldn't ignore the increasing feeling that this was a terrible idea.
Sherlock snorts and breaks the tension. “Well, you’ve certainly changed your tune, Mr I’m-not-gay.”
Suddenly, Sherlock was violently pulled out of dream-land into the real world as a beam of light flashed in front of his closed eyelids. A lumos maxima charm, obviously. He grimaced and, as the light began to fade, shaded his eyes with his hand and attempted to identify the idiot who decided to wake him.
"It's not your responsibility to stop him, remember. We have Aurors and muggle police and the Ministry for a reason."
"There's no Moriarty. Not for the last three years." Sherlock's face drains of colour. John just feels confused. "He shot his brains, out after all. You of all people should know that."
“She’ll come round eventually.” John retracted his hand. “I’m going to have a shower, try and clean all this soot off me. I’ll leave the door unlocked if you feel like joining me."
John didn't really pay attention to the conversation between Mcgonagall and the Durmstrangs' headmaster, or the walk back to the castle (he tripped over multiple times, affection his plan to not draw attention to himself). When they got to the Great Hall, John noticed that the decorations had changed; the flags normally displaying Hogwarts' symbol, each either displayed the Durmstrang, Beuxbatons' or Hogwarts' symbol. There was an extra table added for the guests, which completely threw everyone off as they stood around awkwardly, waiting to be told where to sit. Luckily, Mcgonagall said that houses and guests were allowed to mix, and the hall descended into mild anarchy as students hunted their friends down and dragged them to a table. John, as per norm, sat with Sherlock, Greg, Mycroft and Molly at the front. Once everyone had sat down, the food appeared and everyone started eating ravenously (save Mycroft, who had been on a semi-permanent diet for the past two years, and Sherlock, whom John assumed gained his nutrition off the air and sarcasm). The sight of food appearing out of nowhere was familiar to the Hogwarts students, who saw this happen at least once a year (John actually still got a thrill from the sight, what with growing up in a muggle family his whole life), but the Beuxbatons and Durmstrang students gasped in delight, to which the Holmes' brothers chuckled at. John looked for Mary and found her sitting in the middle of the bench, talking to a brunette girl and smiling excitedly. John remembered liking her smile; the bright excited grin and slightly cruel smirk when she made a joke or John did something for her to laugh at. Even only a few days after their meeting, it seemed familiar, like an old friend...
John resists the urge to blush. He's well aware that Mary would be able to see what they've been doing a mile away, like there's a bright neon light above his head that says,
"I may be a psychopath but I'm not a bigot. Besides, what's the use of claim to just fifty percent of the throne?" Moriarty quipped. "Both worlds are easy enough to access. To take over. But now, you're in my way. So take this as a small reminder," Moriarty's face fell into a narrow glare, piercing black, "my dear. Back off."
Thanks for over 1000 hits! Also sorry for the slight delay.
“Studying, chatting with extended family on the phone, going out on jogs. I feel like I’m becoming unfit.”
John and Sherlock are no exception.
"One last thing," John raised his voice, and the two friends turned to face him. "What happened with the triwizard tournament? Who won?"
Before Sherlock could finish that trail of thought, he heard Mycroft say his name behind him. He was standing behind him and Sherlock turned around to see that his face was contorted into something resembling worry.
The Durmstrangs had a certain military-like stance as they walked out onto the decks. They all wore red uniform - reminiscent of the stereotypical east European soldier- with a black leather belt, used as a holster, most likely, for their wands. Their hats and shirts were lined with furs; John was unsure whether this was the norm, or if their teachers had simply exaggerated the cold rainy British weather, and this was their defence.  John craned his neck to look at the approaching students - and he had to admit that lots of them seemed, well, attractive, or at least, they stood out compared to the Hogwarts students he had known for five years. But all of them - boys, girls, younger students, older students- looked capable of and ready to beat every other student in a fight, wands optional.
Sherlock felt a blush crawling up his neck. It was surprising, how quickly their tone had changed. "I... um, thank you. I mean, I've never found myself attractive. I've just kind of tolerated myself. But you are too. Attractive. Very much so..." Sherlock trailed off awkwardly, as John tipped his head up so that their eyes met, then kissed him, making him make a noise from the back of his throat with surprise.
"It's - difficult to say."
"No, no, it's fine. I'm glad you told me. Now I know not to do anything completely stupid. And I'll still act somewhat surprised when Harry tells me. If she tells me."
It seems ridiculous to want to meet after only 12 letters and 3 phone calls. In a way, I barely know you. Not properly. I don’t know your characteristics or what your extended family is like or your favourite food or what clothes you normally wear (I still have your photo of you in your rugby clothes, but somehow I don’t think you wear that on a regular basis). You don’t really know those things about me either. But then again, these are things you’re supposed to learn when you meet them. And I think I know enough to know I like you and the meeting won’t end in uncomfortable silence or one of us storming off after being insulted by the other. Besides, imagine how much more practical it will be to have conversations face to face instead of waiting for the other person to reply in these journals or using the landline to call each other (I do have a mobile phone, but Mummy confiscated it off me after I tested its durability with different chemicals. It's surprisingly tough, in case you were wondering.)
“Because...this is a phone call about me complaining about my own home life?”
"I really don't."
P.S. In other news, I have a job now! It's nothing special, just working behind the counter at a cafe. I start next week. Still, I'm really excited, and I can start to save up money for a-level textbooks and uni and days out with you. Plus, I have to find something productive to do now I no longer have school to worry about. Or at least, until September.
“So.”
"Vy vould ze ministry create zis?" John heard Madam Maxine ask, shocked.
Sherlock immediately tensed up. "Oh, god."
Sherlock: I highly doubt that
One by one, the players joined in with the complaining, until the entire crowd of them were yelling about how disgraceful this was, what a waste of time this was, how they didn't turn down the Royal Albert Hall for this, until John sighed, then barked out, "Enough!" in his best Captain John Watson voice. The room immediately fell silent. John could feel Sherlock's gaze next to him, burning into his skull, but he ignored it for now. "Unless you want this performance to have no orchestra, and for you to have no pay for this gig, get in a line. Now."
Secondly - yes, you would be an idiot for having to double check if being in a romantic relationship - being boyfriends, even, and yes, that term is perfectly acceptable - is okay. I hope I did make myself clear enough in my last letter and I dislike repeating myself. Though I probably wouldn't slap you. I'd like to think myself above physical violence. With the exception of self defence. And when I used to fight with my brother
Sherlock shook his head. "I napped. Not the same thing, apparently." Sherlock raised his eyebrows pointedly, explicitly referring to previous rants on John's half that Sherlock had been hearing for six years.
"Tighter security on audience members. Bags would have been checked, but no one thinks to check blazers, jackets, something with an inner pocket to hide the darts and dart blower in."
“Are you sure you don’t want -”
From, Sherlock
"But if I'm here first," Sherlock continued, voice steady and confident, "I can keep him safe."
“Out of practice. As am I, really.”
Harry: Me and this other girl Irene (goes to some of my lectures) are directing Twelfth Night and we have generously chosen you to play the part of Sebastian
John: Oh my god
"Mycroft, you're only a year older than Sherlock." Greg pointed out, "Besides, I'm older than you. So stop with the whole 'martyred parent' act."
"Yeah. Well, we're both sixteen. Not a big deal."
"...Be here."
“How about we save that until later.”
"You alright there, Sherlock?" He heard someone say, and he turned around to see Molly.
"I made my client a promise. Look, there's some shelter over there in that tree. You can wait in there if you want." Sherlock pointed at a large tree, hollowed out in a way which made it look like a doorway into the inside of the tree.
John preened at the praise, smiling. "Thanks. I feel bad for that man, though. And that woman."
"La Sylphide. I'm not sure what it's about but I hear it's quite good."
Sherlock’s look turns from curious to scarily calculating, his eyes narrowing, his lips curled into a smirk. Something unnameable shoots down John’s spine. “I see. Then never have I ever gone to war.”
"It is." Now it was John's turn to reach his hand across the table and grab Mary's. Somehow this was way, way worse.
"Because this oh-so-complicated dance requires experience?"
They were in the east chamber of the Great Hall, along with the other Champions and their friends and families. John’s own family would have been there, he was sure of it, had it not been for the anti-muggle protection charms all over Hogwarts’ grounds. So instead he was there with Sherlock, Molly, Greg and Mycroft to compensate. When John glanced around the room, he saw Janine was gabbling excitedly at Mary and an older man and woman whom John assumed were her parents. Moran, meanwhile had no one with him except his head teacher. The Durmstrang Head was talking in a serious, hushed voice while Moran nodded along.
"Your father is just saying, John, that there's no need for you to commit so quickly," Mrs Watson explains calmly, but it still makes John's blood boil. "You two could still just be friends. There's no pressure for you to be in a relationship so soon after you started writing to one another."
“I’ll try.” John said. Molly hugged him, then Mycroft nodded curtly at him. Sherlock hugged him.
"Now when I say so," McGonagall's firm voice pulled him back down to earth and distracted him momentarily from his thoughts, "You walk out with your respective headteachers to the maze. You smile, you wave at your classmates. Then, your time will start and you will walk into the maze. As Mister Moran is in first position, he will enter the maze first. Then thirty seconds later, Miss Hawkins enters, then thirty seconds later, John enters. Moran, you will enter by the east entrance, Hawkins, the north, and Watson, the west. The triwizard cup is in the centre of the maze. The first one to reach it, will instantly be transported back to the entrance to the maze and be crowned the winner. And don't worry, we have taken extra precaution to make sure it does, in fact, go to the entrance.
"You too. Well, dressrobes, not dress. Come on, every one else is in their place." John attempted to look back at Sherlock, but soon he was being dragged to the entrance of the Great Hall, and Sherlock and Victor was out of his peripheral vision.
“I know! And normally I let it slide because he did remember his lines, despite turning up to half the rehearsals. But nooooo, today he had to fucking forget! There were ten minutes of complete silence. Ten minutes!”
“I never make spelling errors. No, I was going to say ‘where’s the boy I fell in love with?’ So there. Proof. Exhibit A. So on and so forth.”
“Girlfriends aren’t exactly my area. I don’t think I’ve technically had a boyfriend before, unless a fellow student who gives you blowjobs in exchange for tutoring them counts?”
"Pfft. Speak for yourself."
"I don't know. Probably." Sherlock turned back around again. "How are you?"
“This is why I never hang around theatre kids,” Greg mutters darkly while he and John stare across the rehearsal space.
“Oh, no dear, nothing at all. I bring gifts! I have some painkillers, and I’ve been baking gingerbread men…”
If you were to ask Sherlock Holmes the first time he and John Watson met, he would confidently be able to tell you Lab room 2, St Bart's Hospital, London, 29th of January 2010 at 11:47 in the morning.
"Only when you're sober." John smiled softly. "Currently, I'm only pissed off at Victor."
John’s eyebrows climb up towards his hairline as a laugh escapes him. “Go out?”
“Ridikkulus. Honestly, John, that’s third year stuff, you should know this.”
He falls asleep at two in the morning in the makeshift bed made out of the couch, an old blanket and a spare pillow. John passes him when he wakes up at six - more the result of the routine left over from the army than any night terrors -  and observes how soft, how calm, how human Sherlock is when he is asleep. He shakes himself out of his ruminations when they start to approach dangerous territory.
Sherlock never missed home whenever he was at Hogwarts. He never thought about the delicious smells constantly coming from the kitchen, the sofa which he loved to sink into for reading or watching the telly, his bedroom with the periodic table poster and the test tubes and Bunsen burner on his desk ready for an experiment. So normally, when he came home it was Hogwarts that he missed, and the holidays seemed too long a wait. Now, the holiday could not be long enough.
The sky thunders disapprovingly. “I know, I know,” Sherlock mutters, looking up at it. “The point was to escape being surrounded by dead people, I’m not taking this holiday seriously, have you any idea how much admin is involved in giving a god a holiday, blah blah blah. But consider this, Mycroft: it’s not actually your business what I do with my free time.” The sky cracks with lightning, a reminder of Mycroft’s power and his
"Yeah," Sherlock chuckled weakly. "But I appreciate the thought."
“I’m sorry, what - “
“And if she doesn’t?”
“To be honest, I don’t really care what she’s called,” John says quietly. “I - I’ve never really wanted to be a father. And when you told us that Mary was going to have a baby, it didn’t even really sink in. In fact, it wasn’t until the baby arrived that it really hit me that I am a father, and I really, really want this more than anything, no matter what her name is. She could be called bloody… Mackerel Watson for all I care.”
"Yes?"
As soon as he was ready, he headed straight for the infirmary, making a beeline against the current of students heading for the Great Hall and dashing through corridors. On his way people tried to stop him, tell him to go to breakfast, ask him how he was doing. One of those people was probably Molly. He couldn't tell. He had kept his eyes focused on the middle distance, in thought, his mind completely overwhelmed by the thought of seeing John for the first time after he was - after last night.
"In there. Probably just listening to music. It's best to just leave her alone until dinner."
“But you hate pubs. And you hate going out.”
“Forgetting your script and insulting our play. Unless you’re willing to take this seriously, I will have to kick you out.”
“No, of course. What else could I say? As well as the fact that it’s a six month waiting list, and I would likely be matched up with someone younger than me, I don’t want another soulmate! I don’t understand how they don’t understand it yet. The system matched us up, we’re compatible by at least 97%, and they somehow think I’m making all this up! And somehow I’ve brought the government into my ‘phase’.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes and took a bite.. He smiled sarcastically, his mouth full. 'Happy?'
Sherlock, however, doesn't seem to mind and he chuckles. "Only when I'm standing next to you."
"The guy I told you about today. Go and talk to him."
"Janine and I do have pretty good tutors." John looked over at Janine. Mary translated into her ear, then Janine nodded.
"Consider this as - an incentive. A reward for working so hard for the exam. Just the once, then we can go back to your dull revision sessions. For me. Please?"
The first clue is that her prison is called Sherrinford. We all assumed that the third Holmes sibling was going to be Sherrinford back before s4, and it seemed that way in the beginning, with Mycroft mentioning speaking to Sherrinford several times, construing it as a person rather than a place. This is no coincidence – for those who aren’t familiar with the history of the stories, Conan Doyle’s original name for his protagonist was Sherrinford Holmes, which he later changed to Sherlock. That Eurus is trapped inside Sherrinford is a clear suggestion that Eurus is something that’s trapped inside Sherlock – a dangerous MP entity. More important than that, Sherrinford is the version of Holmes
He put the textbook down instantly. To someone who didn’t know him, there would have been nothing wrong with John; the change was so small as to be imperceptible. Yet the slight quaver to his tone, the tremor that had been absent these last weeks creeping back into his hand; these were signs Sherlock had been preparing himself for, signs he had been fearing when John first lost Mary. He had not expected them to appear now, just when John seemed to be recovering from his grief.
. It’s one of the first things Holmes says and it is during his first deduction in Lauriston Gardens. This is where I’m going to dive pretty deep into the metatextual side of things, so bear with the weirdness.
“Right then.”
Sherlock had never seen John so moved in all their time together in Baker Street. When he looked up at him again, John had wiped away the slight glistening, or it might have even been a trick of the light. But more than he had dared in a long time, in that streak of water glinting in the winter light, Sherlock dared finally to acknowledge a glimmer of hope.
“Not at all. If it’s state, it’s just based on your catchment area. So this is the one for Baker Street.”
Ever since returning from his parents, it was as though Sherlock had been under a black cloud. John could not understand it. John had been surprised when Sherlock had asked him down to the cottage; he did not know whether it had been Sherlock or his parents who had extended the invitation, but its existence caused a flutter in his stomach, nerves he had not felt around the Holmes family before. It had felt like something almost incipient. The first Christmas – because John could not count the fiasco that was the previous year – of many.
). Nevertheless, let’s note that this dog is coloured the same as Redbeard, and Mary (a Sherlock mirror in this episode, and in this scene – their clothing matches, and their joining of skillsets to exclude John is the link that has always united them as mirrors) compares John to the dog. We know from the metas linked above that dogs are linked to queerness in the show, but let’s remember that John here is not John – John represents Sherlock’s own heart. It’s going to take longer than this for Sherlock to acknowledge John’s queerness. I don’t think Toby the dog is that important – instead, this is foreshadowing for the more significant dog to come in TFP. The dog also allows for another bit of self-parody in the show – the close-up on the dog running through chemical symbols and the map link directly back to the chase scene in ASiP, but this time everything is different. We have no clue really what Toby is chasing or what the crime that has been committed is – they’re not even running, they’re walking! All we have are cool, if ridiculous, graphics – and, brought down to style without substance, it’s nothing but comic parody. This is important because the opening of TST is so parodic – we’re back to questioning whether the things that people associate with
“What do… other people do?”
“My favourite hobby.”
Amy asks the Doctor what is the point of him, and John’s declaration that Sherlock has broken his vow carries similar weight – they were supposed to save them.
Mummy snorted. “Cleverest man in England – you don’t think I’ll really buy that.”
John fumbled to speak further, concerned perhaps that Sherlock was unsure. “It’s just that Rosie – she likes it here. And without a mum – I’m a crap parent, Sherlock. Mine were crap and I’m frightened I’ll be crap. And it really helps having someone else around, so I’m not always second guessing myself, you know? And Rosie adores you – and Mrs. Hudson as well –“
*Metafictionality is the defining idea around my EMP theory, so for anybody who’s not familiar I’m going to do a quick run down. The idea behind metafictionality is that Sherlock is aware of itself as being a work of fiction and deliberately plays with that – in this case, I’m arguing that the character Sherlock is subconsciously aware of the history of book/film/tv adaptations of Sherlock Holmes, and his existence outside Sherlock builds up to create his internalised homophobia. Sounds mad? Maybe. But stick with me here. The reason it’s taking so long for Sherlock to process his sexuality is not just because he’s repressed, but because he’s dealing with the weight of other Holmes adaptations – which is the reason arguably that a modern audience would also take so long to accept it, longer than were this character not such a huge part of the Western psyche.
Sherlock smirked at John’s staring from behind his menu. “Anything here that interests you?”
"We established months ago that that won't happen with me. Go ahead."
Sherlock grinned. “Oh, I adore them.”
"He'll show up, wait outside, oscillate on the pavement nervously, then we chase him and arrest him."
Mycroft will text with updates. John isn’t sure how he feels.
"God, no. Pretty much the opposite, actually."
19:34 What?
Greg pulls a sceptical face. She continues, “Or… I could tutor you a bit?”
I live in Sussex, so only a couple of hours away. Much less inconvenient than if your soulmate was living in France or America, I'd imagine.
“She’s so small.”
“A rather bold assumption to make, isn’t it?” Victor laughed, undercutting whatever retort Sherlock also had. “You’ve got this all wrong, doctor. Now, why don’t you scamper off and leave me and my boyfriend in peace?”
They quickly shuffled themselves into a line, single-file, while John finally turned to look at Sherlock, who was smirking proudly. John shrugged modestly and grinned back, feeling the slight, addictive buzz of adrenaline that always came with pulling rank.
"Yes, a bit. Why, is it noticeable?"
"But luckily, my parents are out of the villa today, most likely looking around the nearby town for souvenirs or wine."
“No, you’re not. Ugh, I used to think I was above all this. I used to be fine on my own, without a partner. Then you came along and you
"Yes, I think so. Why?"
John blinked in surprise. Apparently, it only took one travel back in time to fix the conversation completely and make Sherlock want to have dinner. Sherlock, who was far beyond his league. He smiled."Dinner?"
“It’s not my responsibility to follow your every order and command.”
"And then one after your shift. The whole experiment is based on the variable of sleep deprivation."
"He left, along with his henchpeople, I carried you back to your bed and Mycroft came in. We argued, Moriarty heard, came back, and tied us up, trapping us there. He monologued, talking about how Mycroft would stand in his way, working for the ministry and all that. So he... Mary..." Sherlock's words were cut of by a choked sob. "He ordered Mary to kill
“That’s... I was going to say that’s not bad but that’s a complete lie. That’s way too long.”
"So that's what you were reading the files for? To try and find him yourself?"
The stage darkens for the interval, and John and Sherlock huddle closer together among the props to stay hidden as the ballerinas pile out from the stage. When they all leave, John breathes a sigh of relief.
Thankfully, 1 o'clock came and Sherlock could gather up his stuff and go down to the carriages. It was crowded, with extra Durmstrangs and Beuxbatons saying goodbye to friends for Christmas. Out of the corner of his eye he saw John and Mary kissing. Sherlock didn't bother acknowledging the familiar ache in his chest. They broke apart, spoke, then hugged. But John was facing Sherlock's direction, and they ended up making eye contact with each other. Sherlock looked away immediately.
Secondly, Saturday the 18th sounds fine. It's true, I'm not doing much to celebrate, other than a family dinner. I suppose you're right about how being sober and watching drunk people can be entertaining - I find that their true characters are more often revealed through alcohol. For example, it was very interesting when after a couple of glasses of sherry at the local fair, the 'happily' married vicar started to flirt - unsuccessfully - with Michael Morton, a widower. And my normally reserved mother usually starts dancing. That one is more embarrassing than anything to watch. Although I have to say, I would have thought you'd be one of the people drinking, being the popular, sociable rugby captain. Not to reinforce stereotypes or anything. Oh, I see. Your father. I suppose he would be enough to put you off drinking for a good long while, considering how he lost his job, ruined his marriage, etc, etc, due to drunk. Do you think you'll ever drink?
"Fine. Just sit there, be nice and talk occasionally."
The urge to go and visit John became irrepressible, but there was no way he'd be able to sneak out without getting caught.
"Even with everything I said?"
"My mum was a mathematics professor at Oxford until she had my brother. My dad works in the civil service too."
In terms of what happened before you left, it's fine, you know. It's honestly all fine. It wasn't unwelcome at all, I probably just froze up a bit in surprise. We could try and forget about it if you really want but honestly, I haven't been able to think about much else since. I just have to know one thing - did you do it because you wanted to? Or because you felt like you had to? I hope you wanted to. I wanted to do that too pretty much the entire day.
19:37 I spent all day with the two of you yesterday planning your wedding. I can assure you there’s nothing to observe. You’re both very happy together. SH
When he finally woke up, he was exhausted and sticky with sweat but drained of infection. His arm was in a cast, and the heart monitor beat steadily next to him, a reassurance that he was okay, he was alive, he could go back to work soon.
Dear John
“Oh god. What did they say?”
"Not if Moriarty gains power in that time," he argued back.
“No,” Sherlock groans. “No bloody gingerbread. No food of any kind.”
"But physics - "
I low-key have an entire history and origin story of soulmate journals tbh
“And the props were in the wrong place. We had to have a stage fight with pens. Pens!”
"None of it! Yeah, I mentioned quidditch and that I'm pretty much an adrenaline addict and that case with the lake, but it's all either made up or paraphrased. Did you see the bit about me being a sidekick?!"
“What other reason can you have for asking me for help after that eloquent speech you gave me this morning about letting you ‘do your damn job’.”
"Couple of months. Here, you'll need this. Slow sips." Bill passed John a cup of water with a straw, which John had to restrain himself from drinking all at once. It was cold, almost sweet in his mouth - a vast difference to the water he'd been drinking since he arrived in Afghanistan, which always quickly turned lukewarm under the Afghan sun. He put it down on the table beside him.
“It was well after that and you know it.”
"That would be nice, yes."
He thought back to sitting on his stool, feeling miserable and sorry for himself, before Sherlock Holmes approached him, before he opened his mouth and drew John into the most interesting conversation of his life.
"God, no."
Did I just mash together Christmas, New Years, and Valentines Day into one super-day and add in the concept of Soulmates to make it seem more original? Yes. Yes I did.
“No.”
. They face each other, both discreetly looking around at the other people in the room for guidance - John wants to be at least somewhat adequate for Sherlock, while Sherlock himself has little experience of this kind of dancing- then both reach for the other's waist. They blush and pull away, murmuring apologies, then placing their arms around the other's neck. They pull away again.
“I know, know. You’ve said that already. I get it now,” John grumbles. Sherlock wants to strangle him. Or let go of his waist so that he falls down the stairs and would have to make his way up himself. That would teach him. But unfortunate, he can’t bring himself to want John to hurt himself any more than he already is.
At lunch Mycroft visited. He didn't hover like Lestrade and Molly did; he strode in like he owned the room, walking over to Sherlock without a thought to the patient in the bed. Sherlock looked up to Mycroft's face to see it was full of concern, eyes wide and blazing with repressed fear and - sadness? Sherlock frowned, trying to read him.
"He - he didn't - they couldn't - "
The wizard-camera flashed, thankfully not making John blink, and the photographer came out from behind the cover. A woman, most likely in her early-thirties, with tanned skin and wearing a bright pink suit stood behind him, seemingly assessing the three champions.
“I understand.”
Not thirty seconds in, the air suddenly dropped in temperature and his breath came out in visible puffs. The leaves of the maze were dusted with frost and he felt his stomach droop and his chest tighten. All sense of optimism rushed out of him like a sudden gust of wind. That's when he caught sight of the cloaked, dark figure floating before him.
"Could be worse. My great aunt Lillian has a terribly shrill voice. A boy in my year insists on dropping his T's and has a voice like a Neanderthal. But then again, that's consistent with his personality."
"Don't stare."
If Sherlock has something more to say or ask him, he doesn't admit it. Instead, he turns back around to face the screen, watching it with a half-focused interest. John's concentration isn't faring much better.
"So...you let him tell you what to do."
Sherlock shrugs, deciding on lemonade and pouring it into his cup. "It wouldn't be the first time."
“Sherlock - “
"Of course not. I chose to take the case. Besides, I do rather like Macbeth."
"Neither are you, really."
"Welcome everyone, to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry." Mcgonagall spoke in a voice which seemed to command, and  welcome, the room at once. "My name is Professor Mcgonagall and I am headmistress of Hogwarts. I would like to say a few words. First of all, Mr Filch has announced his retirement for the end of the year." The room erupted into cheers and applause. Even Mcgonagall had a sly smile of relief on her face. "I'm sure we all wish him - and Mrs Norris - the best of luck in their years to come. However retirement has not stopped Mr Filch from reminding all first years to not go into the forbidden forest, and everyone to not go to the right door on the third floor. I have more announcements to make, but for now, let's enjoy the delicious meals our chefs have cooked."
John hummed in acknowledgement.
Kiara's lips twitched and she nodded at the quill. It started to write...
“No, you know how forensics works, everything has been left as it was found.”
"Yeah. Which one?"
Having missed him at the station and not seen him on the train, he met Sherlock outside where the self-drawn carriages. Sherlock was in his uniform - his blue tie done up neatly with cat-like precision, a cloak which now was showing his wrists due to yet another growth spurt, crinkle-less shirts and trousers. John smiled at him with the same enthusiasm as usual, as though nothing had actually changed.
"Minor details. If you go back to her, it would stall her from leaving the country and give Mycroft time to find out more. Currently, all she has keeping her here is the baby. Once she's born..."
Mary's near-constant smile faltered for a second. "I'm not. I was British. Am. Whichever it is." Mary pushed a strand of hair behind her ear and looked up between John and Sherlock (mostly John) with the face of a reluctant martyr. "I grew up with my parents in the UK until I was about six. I don't remember much about my childhood. But I know I was happy.
A month had never seemed so long.
Sherlock reluctantly averts his eyes, looking around at the mess around him. Apparently, he concedes defeat, as he eventually sighs and nods. “Fine. If you must. What food did you get?”
John grimaced, pinching the bridge of his nose. "Fuck."
“I have plenty to spare. You don’t - “
"Or what? Oh, let me guess, you kill me." Sherlock rolled his eyes.
"Oh, god yes."
And Sherlock, you are dramatic. You are the most dramatic person I know. Only a dramatic person would find plaid shirts so appalling. If you're going to react so strongly to my taste in fashion, be sure to expect me in the ugliest plaid shirt I can find. You're lucky the weather is too hot nowadays for me to wear my jumper. Perhaps I should postpone our first meeting until it gets colder so you can get the chance to see it.
"Please. I won't wake him up. I just - I just need - " Sherlock falters and struggles as he tries to explain, and the nurse takes pity, placing a hand on his shoulder. Sherlock tries not to flinch and shove it away.
"Oh."
"You got a total score of twenty."
Running outside, he caught the first taxi, spurting out the name and address of the club. Unfortunately, in his plan to arrange a third-first meeting with Sherlock, he didn’t take into account little things like traffic, or being stuck with the oldest, slowest, most cautious taxi driver in the history of taxi drivers. By the time the cab pulled up, John was already pulling out noted from his wallets, chucking enough to pay for the ride up and with change he didn’t stop to collect. He ran out, and joined the back of the queue (he may have been in a rush, but damn it, he was British, and would always respect the queue system.)
Punch, blow, kick. Wash, rinse, repeat. He’s becoming quite tired of the whole routine now, and not just with this one man, the Russian drug smuggler and key asset of Moriarty currently beating him up, but with everyone he’s encountered: the American crime syndicate leaders, the human traffickers in New Zealand, the blackmailers in Beijing - one by one, Sherlock found all of them, and they immediately responded with beatings and torture.
"Now, hold on, I wasn't - "
Inhaling, he stood up from his stool - telling John absentmindedly to keep an eye on the potion - and made his way over to the boy sitting on the other end of the room. The boy was leaning casually against the wall, talking to his friend in rapid Spanish. Sherlock stood awkwardly in front of him, his lungs compressing in his chest. He cleared his throat - partially to make sure his voice didn't waver or show any signs of nervousness, because he knew that if Janine's stupid idea had even the slightest chance of success, he'd need to cooperate - and the boy turned to look at him. Sherlock had to admit to himself, that Janine's choice was so far not a completely terrible one. He was handsome, with tanned skin and dark, wavy hair and a sharp jawline, and had a playful smirk constantly playing at his lips. Sherlock held his hand out, preparing for a handshake. "Sherlock Holmes." He introduced himself.
“Exactly. Do you think a student playing a prank would be able to make the source so untraceable? No. It’s Moriarty, beyond a shadow of a doubt.”
"...yes. On the nicer part of the spectrum."
"C'm'ere."
"Sorry?"
He'd spent the first week with Harry, out of courtesy. He should have noticed something off about her by the bills scattered around the house, by the glasses of whiskey constantly waiting by the sink to be washed, by the dismissive hum Harry would give whenever Clara said she was off to work, buried in her messy notebook of ideas that couldn't quite form. He should have noticed by the first morning staying there. It took him three days, having been absorbed in his own loss and survivor’s guilt, while he was having breakfast with Harry.
The students are the most frequent customers John has to deal with, with their hands, which are shaking with caffeine-induced energy, frantically typing out their essay minutes away from the deadline, a half-empty cup of coffee next to them which John refills whenever they look particularly in despair. They write things down in notebooks, frantically read novels in one night, highlight entire pages as though the text will somehow be more memorable on a pink background than a plain white one. (In John's experience, it isn't.) The grateful, watery smiles nearly make the whole shift somewhat worth it, to know that his purpose now, though no longer an army doctor saving lives, is still somewhat appreciated and a positive contribution to people's lives. Plus, it serves as a pleasant reminder of his uni days, studying for anatomy tests overnight, having wasted the week in advance meeting friends or staying over in girlfriends' flats. Back when he had friends and an easy life, free of nightmares and limps and scars from a war he has long since stopped caring about.
“So you didn’t mean it?”
"I have neither the time nor the patience to meet other people. They bore me and disappoint me, usually."
"John Watson. And no, I don't. It's a very reasonable amount of sleep."
“No, I’d love to come. Let me just get changed first. Two minutes, then we can leave.”
“Nothing really. It’s a bit of a crap holiday. Felt in a good mood, though. I suppose with all the pink decorations and adverts on tv all the good cheer has to become contagious at some point.”
"What?"
"No, of course not," Sherlock scoffs, as though Lestrade's suggestion is the most ridiculous thing he'd ever heard. "Look at the missing finger; it's a clean cut, one that requires delicacy and steadiness and cold planning. This is not an act of passion or brutality. Besides, it's a serial killer, Lestrade. Victims unconnected."
The murder took place at the victim's flat in the suburbs. Between the nice houses and the nearby park perfect for families, John would say that it was a perfectly lovely spot to live in, if it weren't for the police cars, the yellow tape, and the immediate stifling sense that someone died here. Sherlock holds up the tape for John to duck under and they enter the flat, which is full of forensics and detectives in matching blue health and safety suits. A silver-haired detective approaches them and nods at John while addressing Sherlock. 'Who's this?"
"Meeting the students!"
"I told you, as part of the experiment. Now, tell me what you see."
John: Especially being separated from my twin sister
"Your guinea pig," John explains. "For your experiment. You said so yourself; I hardly ever sleep anyway, and it means more proof for your experiment."
“Well, they’re not exactly on good terms at the moment, are they?” Sherlock pulls away, his hands at John’s elbows. They’re still standing very, very close and his heart is still beating very, very rapidly. “Relax, John. Mary and I will be back within the week. I’ll find her.”
“Ha. Yes. Of course. Who would want that...”
Perhaps he was overcompensating for his nerves with arrogance.
We wish you all the best and thank you for choosing Edinburgh University.
"My interview." John sulked into his cereal.
Love, Sherlock
He raises an eyebrow. “And how shall I do that?”
"Sherlock, do you remember in our first year when a bunch of sixth and seventh year students went missing?" He emphasised the last word by making quotation marks with his hands, "Around October time?"
"Think of it as part of the tests: a fun, intellectual exercise on five hours of sleep."
"It's a bloody board game."
Mycroft told him not to get involved. To hell with Mycroft.
“Yeah. Janine said it, didn’t she? Y’know - ‘unless I meet someone prettier.’”
He approached a junction - the path was divided into three. He muttered "point me" again, and the wand indicated to him to keep heading straight forward. Or did it? John never had a good sense of bearings. Sherlock and Mycroft were probably rolling their eyes if they saw him now, most likely heading in the completely wrong direction. Could they see him? How would they see him? He went with his first instinct anyway, shaking the thoughts out of his head.
"What? You only make that sound when you've solved something."
"I'm not 'nervous'. I'm on a level way beyond 'nervous.'" He poured himself some cereal, looked down at it, then grimaced and pushed it away.
The final day of school thankfully came quickly, after weeks of classes and homework and fiercely pretending that everything was back to normal.
Two weeks later, Harry turned up on John’s doorstep, soaked through with the rain and explaining in a strained voice that she had left Clara for good, that they were both better off without each other. She stayed on his sofa while she looked for a place to live, then left her phone as a parting gift, on the table where he couldn’t refuse it.
Sherlock paused, then breathed, "oh, of course. 'M'."
"Oi, shut up," John laughed slightly, then winced again and clutched his stomach. Sherlock opened his mouth to ask if John was okay, but John dismissed the concern with a wave of his hand, and continued. "So, this family gathering... is Mycroft still there, then? I haven't heard from him in a while."
"Dragon, Kappa and Occamy." Mary cut in. "In terms of how to beat them: get the kappa to bow, so the water will pour out of its head;  aim for the eye if you're fighting the dragon; and just throw whatever you've got at the Occamy."
“Wrong thing to be focusing on, but sure. Relax. You suit it.”
“What makes you say that?”
John shakes his head incredulously. "There has to be a more... normal explanation than that."
“I can’t believe this. Complete betrayal, from my closest friend and twin sister.”
It felt like Sherlock was always in imminent danger.
"Evening." John! The voice was monotone, devoid of emotion, of any sign of the smart, funny compassionate boy Sherlock knew and loved, except in the recognisable timbre of his voice. He wasn't sure whether to breathe a sigh of relief or to carry on panicking. Sherlock turned around to the direction of the voice. Sure enough, out of the shadows, John walked slowly and shakily out, meters away from where Sherlock was standing. He came to a standstill, swaying as he stood, his face blank and unreadable. Even his eyes - the usually traitorous, emotional blue eyes that from a distance seemed so dark - held no clue as to why the hell was John out of bed.
“I thought that was rather obvious, isn’t it?” John replied, a gentle smile spreading across his face in amusement, entirely unaware and peacefully oblivious to Sherlock's panic. His irritation flared.
He walked over to the bed, expecting it to be messy and dishevelled and showing signs of forced removal. How else would a comatose boy not be in his bed? Only, the corner of the quilt was folded neatly and calmly over. John hadn't gotten out in a rush. And he wasn't - at least physically - forced. So how did he get out if he isn't due to wake up until tomorrow..?
“So you did mean it?”
"I would have said it back, you know. If I wasn't, y'know, on the verge of dying."
Amy squeezes Samantha's hand, beaming lovingly at her. "Not coincidence. Fate."
/John Watson, a small boy of 16 years, has been selected to be this year's Hogwarts champion.
John can't help but grin with him. "What about you and your stupid accent? And here I was thinking you'd be a good actor."
"I don't care."
"I will," Sherlock promises. "Though I don't know ho much danger I could get in getting home on a train."
Sherlock hummed.
"I've been here before. Once. And I only got lost a couple of times."
"You've grown again." John gestured to Sherlock's uniform, teasingly.
My family also can't seem to comprehend the idea that after three weeks of correspondence we're not romantically involved. They're incredibly conservative and draining to hang around. I can't wait two years to leave them for uni. Maybe if I could convince my school to let me do my a-levels early... No, they'd already refused to let me do my GCSEs early. But then again, that was on account of me nearly blowing up a chemistry lab a couple of weeks earlier. Apparently a slight miscalculation in a simple experiment is that worthy of punishment. Odd. But it's now been two years since any chemical accident at school, so maybe they will agree.
"I'm three months clean of cocaine." The man shrugged. "I don't care who knows. The fact is I no longer need it. I believe I have a right to boast about it in front of strangers."
“Yes. Cambridge, studying chemistry.” Of course. “You studied medicine in…” Sherlock’s blue-green eyes darted across his face. “London?”
Watson kisses him. “My dear, it was never out of the question. We’ll discuss the whens and the wheres in the morning. For now, though, can we sleep?”
“No. Can’t stand them. Even the smell is too much.”
"I did too. Sorry about making you do illegal things to get us into the theatre."
The most recent update is written in scrawly, messy writing from a shaking hand, often tilting downwards by the end of the line.
“What do you know?!”
"He came out of surgery at 11," Madam Pomfrey said as she came into the room. Sherlock pulled his eyes away from John to acknowledge her. "He pulled through, recovered well. But it will scar. There wasn't anything we could do."
"Yeah, well," John shrugs. "Sod that."
“Please, this case would have been a six at best,” John jokes. It eases the tension slightly and Sherlock’s lips reluctantly twitch into a smile. “You wouldn’t have bothered changing out of your sheet or leaving the flat. You would have solved it in a heartbeat.”
Bugger.
"What are you reading?" John asked as he sat down opposite, as though five minutes, rather than five weeks, had passed since their last meeting (John staying over at the Holmes family's home.)
“Yeah. Sorry. I tried to stay awake for you. Really, I did. I had a plan and everything for how it would go. But - you were out so long, and the bed was so
Sorry this took so long! Also, I just noticed that I gave the wrong date for the last chapter - it's been changed to June now instead of July.
"Okay." Sherlock nods. He gets the coat from the back of his chair and puts it on as he stands up. "See you soon, John Watson.
John turns a few more corners, almost entirely certain he is going the right way. Sherlock sighs impatiently. "If this is that walnut museum, I told you I was joking when I said - "
Sherlock frowned. "I don't understand."
“Sorry. This pretty man has elsewhere to be.” And because Peter enjoys etiquette and small talk, he leans over and kisses Marco on the cheek. “Thank you for a lovely night. You were just what I needed.” He certainly had the information he needed, and Sherlock’s mind was now a little less... antsy. Less chaotic. Even Sherlock Holmes falls prey to the craving of physical contact, occasionally.
"Hello?"
“Yes.”
John woke up at 12:03 pm two days later than predicted.
John glanced over at Sherlock, who shook his head at him minutely. He turned back to the guard with a warm smile. "That's very generous of him, but payment is absolutely not necessary. We probably should be going now, actually."
"Where's Madam Pomfrey?"
“Do you want to talk about this?”
“Oh, come on.” Sherlock takes a swig of his drink. “You obviously knew that already. Mary told you.”
“What? No. That’s not fair.”
“Me?”
"Why? You're nice enough, when you're not stalking people or deducing scandalous parts of other people's lives."
He was just about to enter the bathroom, when he heard someone – female – running up the stairs. He sighed, then returned to the living room then opened the door, to be greeted by – as he predicted – Stella Hopkins, the muggle detective inspector of Scotland Yard, perspiring slightly and breathing heavily (asthma), her black tied back air frizzing and sticking out at the top of her head.
My parents are currently debating whether I should get a job too - as though they're the ones who will be affected by that decision. Dad thinks it will be good experience and help my 'people skills'. Mummy thinks it's a waste of time and I should be focusing on preparing for a-levels and, eventually, university. No prizes for guessing whose side I'm on...
"Mary Morstan? Not by birth, you're not." They stopped walking and the man stood in front of her. Mary subconsciously stepped back into the wall behind her. "So, Alissia - if I can call you that - I can assume you're quite curious as to why I know this about you."
I should be spoiling you too.”
“What? But…” He frowns, remembering the unsubtle splashes and giggles from the bathroom, the vile, exaggerated wet sounds of their kiss before Janine left for work. Surely..? “Huh. Guess you’re right, women really aren’t your area.”
"Goodbye, Sherlock. Oh, and keep checking your mail. Okay?"
He braces himself and knocks on the door. For a moment there’s silence, then Sherlock’s voice comes from within and asks a question in German. “It’s John,” he responds. “Can you let me in?”
"The retinas get damaged when exposed to bright - oh, never mind." John blushed and looked at his feet.
“And?”
"I'm sorry, what?"
But all in all, Sherlock liked being John's boyfriend. He liked that he could hold his hand whenever he wanted (John's hand was small but fitted perfectly in his). He liked that now whenever one walked the other to his dorm in the evening they could kiss each other goodnight (John was a fascinatingly amazing kisser). He loved when John's hand would rest on his knee when they are together in the Hall. He loved that now the worry that his feelings would be discovered and disapproved of he had had previously was lifted off his chest, he was now relatively carefree, and able to make room for being happy in John's presence.
John stares, bewildered. “Sherlock, you don’t - I can’t impose a baby on you like that. It’s your home. Babies are noisy and messy and -“
Sherlock felt a tap on the shoulder, and turned to face Janine. "He's here. I can introduce you." Janine said, overly excited.
At eleven o'clock, John was taken to a tent which sat nearby to the stadium. Inside, Janine was perched on a stool, biting her nails nervously, and Moran was pacing and looked ready to punch anything which came near him. Perhaps that was his way of showing nerves. John doubted he even had a 'flight' part of the Flight or Fight instinct. Unsure where to go or whether he should talk to anyone, he sat on the red sofa in the corner and stared blankly at the tent walls. Luckily Sherlock and Mary entered a moment later.
"Worse comes to worst, we shout the answers at you from the audience." Mary shrugged, "Just give us each a share of the ten-thousand galleon prize at the end."
When John and Sherlock were in fifth year, they encountered a case with a seventh year named Irene Adler, who had several compromising pictures on her phone of the Head Girl of that time, their client. Sherlock had tried to steal her phone to get the photos back for their client, but then Irene turned on Sherlock: intimidating him, flirting with him only to then spread rumours about him (fruitlessly, thank Merlin; no one for one second believed that the unsociable, inexperienced boy-detective could have done anything Irene had said). So then John had confronted Irene about it, telling her to stop, particularly with the flirting and screwing with Sherlock's head, only for her to tease him. "So protective," she'd said, "so jealous. You'd make a great boyfriend."
“I can’t talk and concentrate at the same time. Trust me, this always happens. I’ll go radio silent for two, three days, and then just like that I have an idea. This one is just taking a little longer to appear.”
"I don't recognise the seal or the writing," Sherlock said honestly.
"I left in a rush that night. I should have stayed. You were drunk. And Merlin knows what state you were in when you woke up."
Molly then starts talking as Viola, saying her lines with perfect understanding in a way that makes Greg visibly stare in awe, his brown eyes wide and adoring like a puppy. John chuckles, deciding to
A door closed with a thud, and Sherlock ran over to John and knelt beside him.
“I tried to sit down and write the final paragraph of my essay and I ended up staring into space for a good five minutes thinking about cuddling you.”
"Flitwick let me leave early to come and visit you."
can’t come with me, you’ve got Rosie.”
"Can you think of one?"
"Thank you, Professor."
"I'm not doing it for him. I'm his - tutor. And I'd rather tutor him on something I'm knowledgable on."
"Even with the nightmares and getting shot?" Sherlock's hand moved to touch John's scar, gently touching the damaged skin there, impossibly delicate.
When he comes back to the coffee shop later, now refuelled with food and with a gun stuffed down the back of his trousers, hidden by the loose wool jumper that Sherlock scoffs at whenever he sees John wearing it, the shop is empty, except for Sherlock, who is sat at the table, his legs crossed as he casually sips at his coffee. It's a welcoming sight that makes John smile. He sits opposite him, as he did when they first met.
"Them dancing together. They're probably the only gay couple here."
John finds a spare suit and puts it on, while Sherlock continues to look around, ignoring Lestrade's instruction. "Aren't you going to put one on?" he asks. The scowl he receives in return suggests that that was a stupid question. As if there is any chance of him leaving behind any strands of hair or fingerprints or skin cells anywhere, as a normal human being would.
suggests the exact opposite of sanity and happiness.” Something akin to pity lights up in Mycroft’s eyes. It’s revolting. “I worry, brother dear. You’ve become isolated.”
It'll be fine, John. The fact that we're soulmates shouldn't make it any more burdensome. If anything, it's made it easier. Though previously I was cynical about this ridiculous matchmaking system of predicting compatibility based on factors such as gender, intelligence, class, family background and whatever secret surveillance our government is using throughout our lives, it has worked out for us, hasn't it? We're a successful match. And if we're both slightly terrified and inexperienced - so what? If we can successfully break into a theatre, one relationship shouldn't be too difficult.
Sherlock gasped, mock affronted. "I'm insulted. I'm not nearly as ugly as him. Or as rude."
"And the other deductions?"
“And what if she refuses? She used to work for Moriarty, you know.”
John sighs. "I told you to stop calling me that. Sherlock, want to come with me to look at the drinks?"
"Right. That's a shame though. It's a lovely flat, and I'm sure if you asked someone would happily move in on your terms, without them cluttering up the space with books or DVDs or partners." John himself would move in if he was asked. The flat is far better than his own, with much more space and a homely, authentic feel about the place, unlike the cold and unwelcoming atmosphere of his bedsit. 221b is designed to be a home; his bedsit is designed to be a prison. "Right, then. Your turn?"
"I suppose so. So you've never used it for a case before?"
“We’ll see. I mean, you’ll be going through physio soon, so people can assess if you’re fit enough to get back to duty. But - “
"Of course. Anytime. Though preferably, as little as possible. Once a year is probably more than enough. No offence."
"Like you've been avoiding me." John finally says. "And, I wanted to apologise."
John and Moran nodded.
"So I'm allowed to ask you to tell me what happened? From the beginning?"
John transfers her into Sherlock’s arms, and he instantly calms. He’s known her all of five minutes and already he loves her with every fibre of his being as though she were his own, radiating through him almost visibly. Even the baby seems to be comfortable in Sherlock’s presence, gazing up at him curiously with bright blue eyes.
"No one, Phil." Donovan glared at Sherlock.
“I can tidy!” John raises an eyebrow. Sherlock amends himself. “You can tidy. Experiments can be cleared away and I could always see if I can move into 221a.”
“An interview? What for?”
“You know enough,” He replies firmly. “Tell me what you can.”
Sherlock nodded slowly.
"And were they tested on rats or real people?" Sherlock asks sardonically. "I only trust myself to get the results I need."
They soon get to Antonio and Sebastian’s scene. Sherlock hasn’t read Harry and Irene’s annotated version yet, but he watched some versions of the scene online: some had them be just very good friends (morons), or as a father-son relationship (god, that’s worse), but the best ones are the ones that truly don’t shy away from what Shakespeare clearly intended: in some, Antonio is experiencing unrequited love, with painfully sad and longing gazes, or flinching at the slightest bit of physical contact, or subtle imagery that would go over the heads of the casual viewer. In others, it’s requited, and intimate, with sharing beds and secret smiles and discreet public kisses before the two characters separate and the chaos increases tenfold.
"Sherlock! Hi. You alright?"
"Ugh. How disgustingly romantic of you." Sherlock turned away from John in a dramatic display of disapproval, while John grinned and pressed himself closer, his chest against Sherlock's back, an arm flung over his waist.
John accepts it, forcing himself to smile back. "John Watson. Welcome to the clinic."
"Okay."
"If you want to be rational, you could just, oh I don't know, accept that I have a boyfriend now? Who also happens to be my soulmate. We're compatible, you know. It's - it's meant to be. How could you possibly argue with that?"
They hear footsteps and immediately separate. “That’s him,” Sherlock says needlessly and they bolt out of the crevice so that they’re suddenly face to face with the suspect. John quickly punches him in the jaw, knocking him to the ground for Sherlock to handcuff his hands to a pipe.
“Indeed. I wasn’t joking about the coffee, by the way. The one on the train is appalling and I didn’t have time to make one myself before I left.”
“Yeah.”
"I've been doing a lot of thinking, and I realised that I needed to apologise. We were out of line with what we said - I know if I had heard your father's parents reject us like that, I would have gone mad."
“I like my professors. The ones who took me seriously, anyway. I hope I see them again next year, but the chances are slim. And miss having time to myself, without being constantly aware of my family’s presence.”
John grins up at him as he puts down a card on the ever-growing pile that's facing up, lying on his stomach on the living room rug. "No, you don't."
"How are you feeling?"
"It's fine. Try and get some sleep too. Don't you roll your eyes at me, Sherlock Holmes."
"Took us back in time. Or more specifically, nine hours ago."
"I prefer to come to my own conclusions. Why do you?" A beat, and a small smirk. "Oh, I see."
Moran shook his head, slowly.
“It’s not
Bill’s smile faltered slightly. “John, you’re a doctor. You know the nerve damage bullets in the shoulder can cause...”
The buzzer blares and John has to put down the utensil. The patient's nose flashes a bright, furious red, matched only by the embarrassed blush in Sherlock's cheekbones.
“All lies. We kissed, nothing more.”
"You have to eat. You can't be passing out in the middle of fighting a whatever it is. Besides, you're always telling me off for not eating."
Sarah broke up with me two months ago,  a few weeks after she and her soulmate started writing to each other. It's amazing how quickly they seemed to become attached to each other, but I guess that's a given with successfully matched soulmates. Don't worry, I'm not exactly heartbroken over it. We're good friends now.
Molly inhaled, her eyebrows creasing. She's conflicted, John realised. "I - don't like keeping things from you. But the nurse said that we need to keep you from becoming stressed."
“And?”
John raised an eyebrow and glanced at the rest of the food on the ravenclaw table. 'Eat something else and I will be. You barely eat.'
"What? What is it?" John reached over and took Sherlock's hand. He looked up, blinking furiously in an attempt to keep his vision clear and dry, and replied, voice cracking, "Mycroft is dead."
Something in John’s brain clicks into place, as he looks up from the photos at Mary with cold suspicion settled deep in his stomach. Sherlock must be having the same dreaded realisation, because he asks, his voice betraying only a slight waver, “how do you know all this, Mary?”
"Go?" John blinks, his mind desperately trying to catch up with the rushed monologue. "Uh - I don't know, there's a cafe nearby I quite like - "
“Best decision I ever made,” John replied firmly. “Could never be stupid.”
"Mary?!" Sherlock's voice was hoarse. He attempted to move towards her, but she pointed her wand out further wordlessly, tilting her head as if to say 'were you really so stupid as to try to talk to me?'
They continued duelling for several minutes, as Sherlock felt himself lagging and becoming more and more breathless, while Mary and Moran continued with effortless, well trained offensives. In fact, Moriarty had completely stopped fighting, allowing his two henchmen (henchpeople?) to do the dirty work for him as he watched, shark-like.
“Sherlock, my love, you can do it harder. I’m not made of glass.”
Whoops that took longer to write than I thought it would.
For a while they sat in an awkward silence - what would they have to talk about after a separated holidays? Normally, John and Sherlock would talk about... anything, really: cases, experiments, science, school, his deductions. But it perhaps it was the added element of Mary listening making it hard for John to come up with something, anything, to talk about. And then there was the issue of Sherlock and Mary both being, in a way, the Third wheel. Each of them seemed to separate the other from John - Mary being the girlfriend he had essentially spent the last few months with the most, Sherlock being his best-friend-slash-subject-of-mild-unwanted-romantic-feelings. The carriage rattled on noisily, as though it too wanted to fill in the hiatus
Apparently even six glasses aren't enough for him to admit it and his face burns with embarrassment because of it.
surf - surfacing? Surf-ate-ing? -
"Shame. You look good in ties."
“Yes. To Angelos.”
"No. Absolutely not. I refuse."
"Mr Watson," Sherlock replies. "It's good to meet you, Sir."
"I was with - well, I had a boyfriend at the time. It wouldn't have worked out."
is completely nonchalant about the whole thing. This is little more than an undercover mission.
"I try," Sherlock replies, softly, a small smile stretching his lips and crinkling his eyes. John can't help but notice the way said eyes dash across his face and body, a strange blueish-greenish intensity of his stare that would put John off if it was from anyone else.
"Yes, alright, I get it."
He’s vaguely aware that he should probably be panicking, ringing Sherlock or Mycroft - she is an assassin of international repute, after all, and could be out murdering people in that very moment - or even calling work to let them know that a nurse has gone missing in action, but all he does is stare blankly at the room, feeling nothing. Perhaps relief. Perhaps guilt.
Greg had signed the next card in wobbly handwriting and devoid of his usual jokes and friendly comfort. John supposed that Greg was busy with whatever the hell seventh years do about this point in the school year and moved on. There was a card from Janine in French (John didn't bother translating it to know it had the usual well-wishing that was required of people), a card from McGonagall (infamous for her Gryffindor favouritism), then finally a card with Sherlock's shorthand scribble on the envelope. John picked the envelope up, heart thumping warmly in his chest, a smile forming on his face. He knew it was needlessly romantic and cliche (he could see Sherlock rolling his eyes and scoffing in his mind's eye, saying "it's the same as everyone else's card, with the usual 'get well soon I miss you' message.") but he took his time opening it, admiring the effort Sherlock had gone through to get the card: wasn't an easy task getting Sherlock to leave the castle to go to Hogsmeade.
"Oh? So you'll break up with Louis when we get back home?"
"If you wanted my phone number you could have asked."
“Sherlock! You can’t say stuff like that.”
"Who said anything about me being nervous?"
"Usual stuff, really. Why I entered, am I nervous, how I felt when I was chosen, what I would do with the prize money. She mentioned you, actually."
discuss this with Greg later, and ignores it for the time being. He whispers quietly in Sherlock’s ear, “That deduction you did just then?”
John chuckles at the crude language, always surprised whenever someone as put together as Sherlock becomes snappish and bad-tempered enough to swear along with the plebs and commoners. John is very familiar with the mood swings and bad tempers that result from withdrawal and is glad that today the worst of it has passed, even if not all of it has entirely disappeared. “Maybe so, but genius detectives who took a shit ton of drugs a week ago and have barely slept since do.”
One side of her told her that this was stupid, petty even. Was this really something worthy of revenge? He's just a boy.
"And you're always saying I should sleep more," Sherlock retorted. "It's rather hypocritical, actually. I wasn't the one who stayed up until three doing charms homework received two months ago."
“Yeah, I know. Then Harry and I sat down to watch Sleepless in Seattle and I had to leave the room to stop myself from crying.”
Harry: He finds her beautiful and lovely but can he marry someone he just met???
"Of course. Though there have been some protests at keeping them locked away in safety, it has been promised to us that he will talk to his family and make them stay. Explain it's for their own good."
Of course, it wasn't entirely desolate; there were about thirty or so students gathered in a disorganised circle, and in the circle was the tri-wizard cup - its bright blue flame just visible above the crowd of heads. Every so often a student stepped forward, and everyone else would applaud, the loudest cheers being from the student's own school. But the benches had been moved to some place else, giving him an uneasy sense of unfamiliarity. Oddly it was this sight which suddenly induced a jolt of nerves in John.
Dear John
They had barely left the hall when Sherlock realised with anxious regret how angry he had probably sounded at the mention of Mary's name.
The boy nodded.
Oooh look at that variety in writing style isn't that exciting.
"You are...."
"Sherlock - wait - " John places himself in front of the other boy. "That was - that was amazing."
Dear Sherlock
a vaguely aware voice in the back of his head diagnosed, only for him to fall back asleep.
"Excellent, let's do it." Sherlock turns around and starts to speedily walk towards the exit. John has to jog slightly to keep up with his long strides.
"Surprise!" John smiles awkwardly, scratching the back of his neck nervously. "I know I said I couldn't, but a friend of mine said you can get last minute tickets quite cheaply. I mean, it might not be great seats but - "
Sherlock kissed back, open mouthed immediately, without nearly as much thought and nerves as their first kiss, which seemed a lifetime ago - instead his actions were as unconscious as though kissing him was a reflex that was keeping him alive. All he could think about was the way John's tongue slid against his and the breathy moans John was making into his mouth and the way his hands held on tightly and possessivesly to his hips. Sherlock wondered if it would leave marks there. He shivered involuntarily at the thought.
“I agree,” Sherlock says as he comes back into the living room, tucking his phone into his back pocket. Instantly, John relaxes slightly, knowing that Sherlock will be able to shed light on this situation. “You’re going to go back to Austria, now. If you see Mary - Eliza - again, do not confront her or draw attention to yourself. Right now, you are one of only a few people who can expose her secret, and trust me when I say she does not hesitate to shoot anyone who poses as a threat to her.”
"Yes."
Technically, it was while defending John, but Mycroft could deduce that anyway. Sherlock would take a bullet from Mary a hundred times over if it meant John was safe and happy. He would also kill a hundred times over for the same reason.
“Holiday?” John says incredulously. “Gods can do that?”
“As kind as that is for Irene to say, I’m afraid my memory technique only extends to things that I find to be worthwhile.”
At this point, he has no reason to continue the conversation with this mysterious stranger; he is at work, after all, with a duty to be professional (though he supposed that went out of the window when he tortured him into saying the name of the drink out loud). Besides, he knew nothing about the man that could possibly be a conversation starter, except his loathing of poor jokes. John exchanges the Espresso Yourself for money, and that's where he expects the conversation to end that evening.
19:26 Hey. You busy?
"I haven't actually read your letters yet."
"Lost track of time, sorry. You look great, by the way. Nice dress." John nodded to the long, purple dress Mary was wearing.
“Don’t worry, Mrs H, I can cook,” John offers. “Just give me five minutes and I’ll be able to get up.”
"I suppose so. Actually, I think I saw two Durmstrang girls dancing together. Um, do you want to get a drink?"
I agree with your sentiment on physics. I see no purpose to knowing why and how things fall or if the earth goes around the sun or not. As soon as exams are over, I’m deleting it. I would do so now but the university course I’m interested in taking requires decent grades in all sciences. Chemistry is my favourite of the sciences. It is incredibly useful and the experiments are somewhat enjoyable. In fact, that’s what I want to study at university.
"You're going to make a lot of enemies one day." Sherlock gave a small grin. "I'll plan your funeral. In the meantime, read Fantastic Beasts. The one at the top."
“I love
“The snipers? Hell yeah,” the boy grinned. The man struck him across the face and he fell to the floor with the force of it, the room falling silent and tense as though everyone had stopped breathing. The man crouched down beside the boy, who was clutching his cheek in shock. “What was that for?!"
Thanks for the kudos and comments!
Chapter 2
“Well, you know how oblivious people can be.”
Sherlock comes out afterwards, in his purple shirt -
“Oh, I’m sorry, Harry.”
John squeezed his eyes shut and immediately went back. Having travelled in time in this way for the last fifteen years of his life, he was used to the slight tumble, the feeling like you were doing a forward roll underwater, and the jolt back to earth, wearing different clothing and with the familiar sounds from the time before in his ear. Sherlock, not so much. John could see his wide eyes and pale skin by the light coming through the cracks of daylight - yes, daylight - in the door. He immediately stumbled out of the wardrobe, gasping for air as he doubles over.
“Sherlock, there was no case.” Hopkins sighed.
The body, a red-haired woman in her mid to late thirties, is in the living room, in the middle of the floor and lying in a pool of her own blood. She seems fairly normal, in an ordinary flat without any sign of a particularly exciting or extravagant lifestyle, except for the many candles around the room and the books on 'How to Prepare for the Apocalypse' and 'Is Your Soul Ready for Doomsday?'. As promised, the little finger of her right hand is missing, cut off post-mortem. John waits for a sign of horror, or disgust, or guilt at trespassing in the home of someone so recently dead, but instead, he is calm. Focused. Ready for battle. Sherlock is equally unbothered, crouching close to the dead body and inspecting her with his miniature magnifying glass at an unnervingly close proximity.
Yes, by all definitions, I think we're in a romantic relationship. I would double check with you if this is okay and that you're comfortable with all this, but I'm fairly sure you'd travel up to London just to slap me and call me an idiot. And I'd probably let you.
"How - how long?"
Bill nodded, with the same fixed smile, then walked towards the door. "Bill?"
“Some might. But you haven’t answered the rest of my question.”
“I’m sorry to interrupt,” he says in a - German? - accent. “But I wouldn’t have come if it wasn’t urgent. And the lady downstairs said I could come up.”
John grinned at them between mouthfuls of bacon. "Is Janine prepared?" He nodded at the girl in question.
Sherlock stretches out his hand and John uses it to pull himself up. "Do you think we can risk going to the bar and getting a drink and some crisps?"
"Those are two very different things."
“Perhaps. But apparently so is listening what I have to say.”
Until finally, just as he was about to accept his fate and go home, he saw Sherlock, only a few feet ahead of him on the pavement, unlocking the door to his home, his hands shaking as he put the key in the lock.
Alissia willed herself to turn back to normal, and after a few seconds of waiting, she returned to her normal height. "I transformed fully? Into a spider?"
"Yeah. Unfortunately my day wasn't nearly as interesting. Trelawney predicted some stuff about me, but it's probably all bullshit."
"I know, Sherlock. I know. But we have to move the bodies." John entered the balcony, crouching so he was out of the view of the audience, and bringing out with him Yanovich first. Sherlock was on his phone, texting Mycroft, before going in and getting the other bodies, laying them on the floor beside Yanovich. Sherlock's face was unreadable, stoic, his eyes as calculating as always, though John could see that his hands were shaking.
"So what did the Aurors say when you told them?" John asked. "Are they going to start looking for him?"
"I didn't think I was doing it that much."
Sherlock makes an unexpected turn left, while the suspect runs straight ahead into a separate street. John’s gut instinct is to obviously follow the suspect, but he trusts Sherlock. He follows him as they hurry down hidden alleyways, up and down fire escapes, even jumping across roofs before making their way back down to the ground, just like old times. Sherlock soon skids to a halt and drags John by his sleeve into a hidden crevice, pressed close against him as they wait, their chests heaving with exertion.
John raises an eyebrow, amused. “You got that from a book.”
He hums and nods, not entirely sure how to respond. He was never really that good with people except when stood next to Sherlock.
“Oh. Like when we first moved moved in?”
Only the universe would be so cruel as to then get John shot minutes later.
"John isn't cheating." Mary said incredulously. Her fists clenched tighter into her palms and she could feel the sharp cut of her nails digging into her skin.
“Not all of it. I like being with you in pubs. And going out clubbing with you. I liked how relaxed you got after a couple of drinks, and how you’d laugh so much more, without worrying about coursework or money or your family.”
He laughed. “Not even close. Thursday. Get up, you have to pack too.”
“...Ella suggested it, didn’t she.”
“He - he’s stopped bleeding,” one of the other doctors observe with awe.
"Oh. He's been talking about me?" Sherlock asks, trying to keep his tone casual, but there was a slight panic in his voice, in the way his eyes darted to John.
"Ooh, a robbery?"
He hates her as he moves back into Baker Street after the events at Leinster Gardens. He hates her as he sits by Sherlock's bedside, watching him rest and recover after his exertions (for
John's last thought before he fell asleep was whether Sherlock looking away was intentional, and what word could identify the colour of Sherlock's eyes. He settled on a word he once heard some time ago - "resplendent". He wasn't even 100% what it meant - he just knew it was right.
"Very good, Miss Adams" He said. "Same time tomorrow night." It wasn't a request.
John.
“I have an interview today,” John mentions casually as they have breakfast, sat on the end of the sofa with Sherlock’s feet poking at his thigh.
The snoring is not as planned, but he can just about live with it for the next twenty minutes or so.
A vast improvement, he told himself.
“No! No, of course not. It’s the most romantic thing I’ve ever heard. Besides, probably the most appropriate gift to exchange. It is a little soon for... rings at this point. Marriage. That kind of commitment against adversity. Heh heh.”
"What?"
“Yes.”
"Why did you have to leave? The funeral?"
while your hands are
“...Fine. Good night, John.”
John can only stare, his jaw dropped and the corner of his mouth quirked up in bewilderment. He is on the verge of responding, something between ‘what the fuck, stalker’ and ‘please take me now’, when he is interrupted by Irene’s voice, barely restraining her irritation. “Act two, scene one. If you two wouldn’t mind staying quiet for one damn minute, that would be super.”
“I can be on board with that. What do you want to complain about today?”
“You’ll have security with you, thanks to my brother’s involvement. Well I say that, but MI6 will be there anyway regardless of your presence or not. And I will be there too.”
"Hello everyone," the woman went to shake hands with everyone, "I'm Kiara Singh. I'm a journalist for the Daily Prophet and I'm here to interview you all."
Holmes returns with a jug of water and a flannel, as well as a bandage in one hand. “So you don’t get blood on the sheets,” he reasons in reply to Watson’s aborted protests. He kneels in front of him and gently presses the flannel to the graze on his thigh, dabbing away the blood with a tenderness that makes Watson’s heart clench painfully.
“Obviously.”
"I missed you." Sherlock said matter-of-factly. "It feels like ages since we were last alone together."
"Have you chosen your creatures yet?" Sherlock asked, ignoring John. He seemed almost as anxious as John.
“Aren’t we meant to be boycotting Wetherspoons once this is over?”
(Come to think of it, I doubt you'd appreciate being woken up at 3am regardless of other factors. But moving on - )
John broke away, panting as he tried to regain control over himself, calm down enough to think clearly without the fog of relief and affection and arousal. "Wait, wait, wait. Before we go into - any of this. There's something else you should probably know."
"Come on, John, you've got to eat. Keep your strength up." Greg pushed the bowl towards him.
The atmosphere isn't so casual after that.
"Well, don't," Greg snapped and Molly winced. "I don't want to talk about him." With that he left, heavy angry footsteps echoing down the halls, dimming into nothing.
Sherlock presses his lips together, hesitating, but then gets in the cab. "See you later, John."
“Complaining.”
"Absolutely. You've done it before."
"Meretricious. There's also the obvious fact that at three this morning you texted me an entire rant about the pointlessness of charms at this stage in your student career."
Sherlock can see the way John is twitching with excitement, the hopeful glitter of his eyes, the high pitch with which he spoke, underneath a facade of mild interest. Sherlock smiles, and adds, “I could use a guide, you know.”
"As a matter of fact, she is." A boy with greasy black hair standing next to Donovan said. "You could try - y'know - being nicer..."
“And by ‘people’ you mean straight people.”
"Ok." He felt Molly stand up and heard the creaking floorboards near the door as walked away.
“Aw, so you can be beside me at all times? Close to my heeeaartt??”
"Good." The boy comes to deliver their coffee, and Sherlock glares daggers at his back as he returns to the counter. John chuckles and reaches across the table, taking Sherlock's hand in his as he says casually, "Well, unfortunately for him, I'm very much taken."
“What the hell are you doing?”
"See you soon, Sherlock Holmes."
Sherlock: Fine. I’ll think about it.
"Screw this. I'm hanging up now."
John already knows about Sherlock’s years away. Sherlock told him not long after his return of his work to destroy what remained of Moriarty’s influence, speaking so matter of factly that John simply imagined, with some bitterness, that his years abroad had simply been one grand adventure, hopping from one country to the other, seeing the sights, beating up bad guys, coming back to the hotel in time for tea. It was only while John was staying at Baker Street after the shooting that he saw the scars that decorated Sherlock’s back. He didn’t need an explanation. It was all there for him to see: the whip scars, the cigarette burns, the shadows of knife blades and bullet wounds on his arms and ribs and legs. Sherlock didn’t speak, he merely let John take in the sight of it, finish changing his bandages, then leave to grab the whiskey from the kitchen cabinet for them to drink in silence.
The bartender shrugged. “Some guy, about his age. Probably went home with him, I’d say. Sorry, mate.”
The other cards and sweets were left abandoned.
Sherlock raised one eyebrow in half-amusement-half-disgust. "Isn't that supposed to be a mutual agreement?"
He rolls the sleeves up to his elbows, puts product in his hair and forms it into 'the swoop' as Harry had dubbed it, then waited for Sherlock in the living room
"The Durmstrang champion is... Sebastian Moran!"
"I enjoy teaching you."
From out of the shadows, two figures, male and female. entered the room from the back, their wands out - one pointing at John, the other at Sherlock. Sherlock recognised instantly the male as Sebastian Moran, pointing his wand at John. He couldn't say he was surprised that the secretive Durmstrang was working with a serial killer. But the female, on the other hand...
By the way, 10/10? That's a rather generous assessment of the picture, but then again Redbeard wouldn't be deserving of any less. And no, of course I'm not wearing a wedding suit to the park. That would be highly impractical. Still, I'm glad your high fashion 'expertise' (Jumpers and plaid shirts? Really?) approves of the outfit in that picture. Perhaps I will make sure to wear it on the 18th.
"Thanks. I really think I'm going to enjoy it here. Everyone here is so lovely - much lovelier than my last job."
“I thought the Prime Minister was the ginger man who got married recently.”
“Who?”
With that, Sherlock took only a few strides towards him then grabbed John’s arm, twisting it behind his back as he pressed him against the brick walls of the apartment building. John cried out in shock and pain (though he had hoped at one point to be pinned up against a wall, he didn't think it would be with the added risk of a sprained arm.) “Then who are you working for?” Sherlock growled. “I doubt anyone else would be so intent on watching my every move.”
"What is?"
"I know you wouldn't have said what you said if you were sober. And I guess with your inhibitions lowered your sense of personal space was a bit off. But I guess I got a bit freaked out. Because," John took a breath, "what you said wasn't true. I don't think. You didn't mean it. And I think you're avoiding me because you were embarrassed. But it's ok."
“Joking. Ish.”
"I thought that was established years ago. I'm a person of habit, John, and you've been a part of my work since first year." Sherlock frowned in confusion. "What else would happen?"
There is some progress in my parents, however. It's marginally less tense and awkward, and when Karen said "Isn't it nice that John is so happy with his soulmate," my mum nodded. Nodded! Granted, she could have looked a bit less like she was sucking a lemon while she did so, but I honestly think she's getting used to the idea. I suppose she has plenty of time to get used to it, as I would quite like to keep you as my boyfriend for as long as possible.
"Look, my friend's drunk an and he needs to get in. I don't know the answer and Sherlock won't be able to. Can you just let us in?"
"Of course." Sherlock echoed. His fingers drifted to the wound at John's side, lifting the hem of John's shirt to expose it: one inch wide. A thin blade.
John chuckles. “That’s the spirit.” He passes by with Sherlock’s plate of food, hands it over, then as he returns to the kitchen, his hand reaches over to Sherlock’s hair -
"I was in the fucking closet, Sherlock, have some empathy."
“Shut up.”
"You have a nice voice."
“Because that experiment was disgusting. But if a real, human person, got into a bath with me - “
"Hopefully, by this evening. But realistically, probably not until tomorrow morning."
"Amazing." Sherlock grins. "You?"
"I don't know," Sherlock replied. "I don't know the motive. Who would want to hurt John? He had no enemies."
"Indeed."
Irene: William Sherlock Scott Holmes. Love of my life. Apple of my eye. My raison d’etre. How are you, my darling?
"Yes me. Why's that the part you're surprised at? Ugh, don't answer. Follow me."
“You won’t forget. You’ve spent the last month constantly practicing with Sherlock and us.” Molly pointed out. “Besides, if you can remember the content for twenty different exams and practicals, getting all Es and Os, then you can remember stuff for the tournament.”
He heard people enter the infirmary. Adults. Teachers. Aurors. There were gasps. There were hands pulling him away from Mycroft, and Mycroft's body was levitated out of Sherlock's arms onto a hospital bed. Sherlock was too tired to resist the person dragging him out into the hall, though he kept yelling out his brother's name.
John swallows down his pride and the lump in his throat. They probably won’t remember this tomorrow, anyway. “Yeah. That’s the only reason.”
"What do you suggest - I sit back and just let  everything happen? Wait for the killer to reveal himself?"
Sherlock
“She died.” Joseph swallows, voice forcibly steady. “Ten months into our marriage. Car crash.”
"So why didn't you warn me?"
He hates her.
"Jealous?" Moriarty pouted mockingly, which quickly switched into a smirk. "That would have come in handy in your line of work. 'Consulting detective'," the man said this with an air of curiosity, more intrigued than the patronising way most responded to Sherlock's ambition. "Very handy. It helps me too, you know. In my line of work."
He can look at every single person and see the time they have left like a clock ticking down their finite lives to completion, unbeknownst to them. He recognises symptoms of ailments and diseases that have brought many souls down to him in the past, he sees bruises and cuts shared by other victims, whose spouses went a little too far and sent them to the Underworld, whether that was their intention or not. He sees traces of the ghosts of the past, an ancestor’s nose or bright green eyes or curly dark hair in their descendent. It’s all remarkably fascinating.
“So yeah. That’s just an update. I think - I think I won’t be coming back here for a while. Can’t have you interrupting my dates. Like you used to.  Except Ella would say this time, it’s just a ‘manifestation of my guilt’ and my ‘fear of commitment’ making me think of you so much. Bloody therapists, think they know everything, eh? So yeah. For now, I’m going to move on. With Mary. My girlfriend. So. See you soon.”
John jumps slightly with a laugh at the voice, looking up with a grin, to see Sherlock smiling back, a beam that crinkles his eyes adorably.
The Bond night was the first ‘test’, so to speak. Sherlock would have called it an experiment. John allowed himself to relax, to sit closer to Sherlock under the guise of sharing the popcorn bowl, to let his arm rest behind Sherlock while ‘stretching’. He hadn’t done that since he was fourteen, but it was a tried and tested move, and if Sherlock’s faint blushing and the occasional aborted eye contact was anything to go by, it was successful. Besides, the date was
