“Oh, don't worry; there's all sorts round here,” she said, glancing between them. “Mrs. Turner next door's got married ones,” she whispered. John turned to Moriarty, hoping he would help him dissuade the woman, but the man said nothing, choosing to watch them both instead.
didn't want to know. "What's the purpose of marriage?" he mused and John paused en route to the kitchen. It wasn't like Sherlock to muse about such human
the room was quiet. John considered holding his breath so the code blue alarm would sound, but he couldn’t be so juvenile. Lestrade and Donovan snuck in
"No," Sherlock stated, as if that should be obvious. Which, given, it was. "But you've repeatedly refused to return to London."
not nearly enough of a break. A new phone, the same damn unit in the same bloody bedsit, his pathetic job, could he never return to a life without the
beneath his cafe uniform. All dark colors, though the Employee of the Month sign that hadn’t been replaced for ten months had him dressed in bright colors.
"The sausage should be fine by now," Sherlock offered, opening the next jar though he'd inspected it before. Bizarre though it was, John wouldn't notice.
John thought, feeling ill. The torturer – Mike – glanced over the letter, flipping it back and forth in his hands as if checking if it had a back.
feeling Sherlock hadn't said that before, likely since childhood. He blew out a heavy breath, absorbing that, and ran a hand down Sherlock's back, wishing
Dread poured through him, thinking about another day. He wasn't supposed to think about that. He was supposed to think about good things, when the pain had stopped. Things to stay sane for. He couldn't think of any. He pushed himself up, his arm muscles screaming at him, his
John said something but Sherlock missed it. The place had been dusted – Mrs. Hudson had definitely come upstairs, then. He refocused on John's moving
dominant hand over his fist twice. Christ, it was annoying being left-handed with a right-handed teacher.
Sherlock had left in nothing but a sheet, he remembered belatedly, and wanted to rub a hand against his face. He coughed out a laugh, thinking of the
There wasn't much question about it. Sherlock grimaced, snarling silently and forcing himself to keep on with the concerto. John would notice the change.
John didn't try to sleep. The nightmares had stopped sometime after the second winter here. The merciless silence had a way of wearing down sharp memories
protest at the sound and Sherlock shut off the stove and poured them both a cup. John usually took milk with his but they had none in the house so Sherlock
"It's not living with you. It's not the noise, the mess, the danger," John clarified. Sherlock turned away, apparently instantly busy with a pile of paper
“No,” he ordered and Sally Donovan pulled out her radio to announce them. Moriarty made a show of checking out the street and neighborhood as they approached the tenement building currently surrounded by tape and police vehicles. A man stormed out of the building's front door, ripping off his gloves and bundling them in his hand as he walked. A rather disgusting gesture, John thought. If the man's scrubs were to be believed, he was a forensic scientist and he'd just wrapped his bare hands around whatever human detritus had been on his gloves.
"So, I'm afraid Sherlock never fills me in with the details. How long have you two been together?" she asked finally, setting the water on for tea.
“Well, I’ll bet you this, dear. Ten weeks from now? You won’t be leaving,” she declared and poured the tea. John shook his head, unsure what more there was
figured out the timing himself. Still, he looked impressed and Sherlock basked in it, pleasure pouring through him. John glanced away, blinking as if he'd
with his best friend-maybe-lover likely getting tortured to death only a few miles away. If anything, he looked excited.
between us,” Mycroft replied. There was someone else in the room with him, Sherlock deduced. Useless, he thought, deciding to believe Mycroft’s answer.
At least he'd found a new way to stop a panic attack - choke on his own spit. John pulled his other arm out of its sling, needing to feel it free, and
Magnussen wasn't reading. But he was certainly accessing incredible troves of information at a moment's notice. More than even a brilliant mind could
arguments? John wished he knew. He certainly didn't remember Sherlock ever appearing to listen to him, but then he'd never stayed long enough to find out.
John craned his head over to look at the chart hung on the wall beside him. His vitals were fine; his temperature a bit high but then, he was healing. The
apparently. “Got a tramp stamp,” John added, glancing at Sherlock. Sherlock’s expression lit up at the phrase, amusement dancing in his eyes. Harry just
Sherlock noted, peering at the man's mocking expression. John had not spoken about him. Perhaps that was not so surprising. The more Sherlock saw the more
"You broke my arm," the crackhead wheezed. John glanced up, checking for anyone else in the hallway.
"Oh, hello, John," he greeted casually, as if they were meeting purely by happenstance in a Tesco check out queue. "Didn't expect to see you here,"
have given the man the option. Staying in would mean going back to their actual lives -television and kitchen experiments, probably – and so no enforced
he thought and blinked, running a hand down his face, unable to believe it again. He pulled the folded up picture off of his bedside table and stared at
floor heavily as he approached. Sherlock glanced up, looking confused for a moment before his face cleared.
"-You -want -meet -W-I-L-S-O-N?" John translated and watched as the woman's eyes widened in what looked like fear.
know. There was dirt in the stairs, formed in hard dots pressed into the carpet, now decompressed and separated. High heels. So Mrs. Hudson had gone
John rubbed his hand down his face, trying to breathe normally. For once he knew what Sherlock meant by
their sidearms, half lifted from their holsters. That was probably the best they were going to get, Sherlock decided.
Donovan thought, remembering John’s face after the fall, remembering how very broken the man had seemed. How he’d never truly recovered.
“Hush up and come inside. The flat's as you left it, minus the general filth. You go on up, I'll bring you tea,” she said, backing up, her voice getting thicker with every word. John followed Sherlock inside and shut the door quietly, watching as tears started to fall down the woman's cheeks.
desperate for new data. It was a herbivore, judging from the hoofed feet, but not the source of the hollow fur. More importantly, it was enough meat for
John blinked away sleep, hating how he'd looked immediately for Sherlock before he'd even rubbed the dried tears from his eyes. Sherlock sat back from his
throat, feeling sick to his stomach, and tried not to think about puking in the toilet, his face down towards the water. He failed and his stomach rolled.
from the coffee to avoid conversations like this but today he needed it, needed to blend in, needed someone to wait with him or to walk him out if
and John relaxed. Sherlock turned on him then, that same inscrutable look of wonder in his eyes. John smiled softly, focusing on that look, until Sherlock
John cracked open the metal door and stepped cautiously onto the roof. The wind played at his hair, whistling in his ears. Sherlock stood out on the ledge
honored. Sherlock watched him, looking scared, but he didn’t feel anything and the drugs kept him from even caring too much about that. He wasn’t
"An orderly should be in to release his cuffs in a moment," she said calmly. John sighed, flipping the transfer form over to see its second page releasing
So if we see on the show that person A's corpse has been on riverbank for two days and Sherlock's deduction of John is that he was out late with Stamford the night before, the wall would have "Day 36 - Person A Dies" "Day 36 - Person A corpse on Riverbank *died there?*" "Day 37 Night - John out late with Stamford" "Day 38 - Sherlock and John find Person A corpse on riverbank"
quiet growl, not moving from his place between John's feet and the stove. Sherlock glanced down and smirked, surprised to see the temperamental dog glaring
"Come on, John! There's an owl in our bedroom I want to get back to," he demanded, striding for the cab.
"Tell me what you know about Magnussen," he ordered and John wanted to laugh. They were doing this again. After so much hell, the game was back on. He
his side as he unloaded the bait box and tarp and started on tying up the dogs. He started shoveling out the pile of snow behind the sled, beyond the reach
"No, right. I'm falling for you again. I cannot have you fuck me and run back to London. And you'll be miserable here. That's not complicated at all."
"Oh," Sherlock said, only looking more uncomfortable. "You said it in the hospital…Screaming," he explained. John closed his eyes. Small talk. They were
"Come back to London," Sherlock ordered. John's shoulders dropped, his posture sagging – relief? Resignation? – Sherlock couldn't tell, but the man had
How do I fix this, John? He’d told Sherlock what to do but then he wouldn’t let him? John wanted to kick himself. He never should have offered Sherlock the
the top of the stairs, into a very nice, though equally spartan bedroom. Sherlock was currently standing on the top of the queen sized bed, sniffing at the
him. Which left a glaring problem - where was Sherlock? What would the genius do, when he'd lost the only stabilizing force he'd ever had?
They walked in an easy silence and John followed Sherlock's lead, spending his time glancing up at the stars whenever he could. The night was incredibly
stashed – their followers could have noted that they were carrying the bag – but then, people were stupid. Except purses and bags were checked at the front
he’d been tortured by a budding psychiatrist, and they’d giggle their asses off. Someday, when Sherlock returned and John escaped from this hellhole, and
glanced at the fox in the trap John had nearly forgotten. A bear could have smelled the catch hours ago. They needed to leave. John glared at his lead dog
question. The doorhandle turned and John focused on releasing his grip on the chairleg he'd ripped off for a weapon. He'd owe Mrs. Hudson for that. He
“I gathered,” Sherlock drawled. John inhaled slowly, sure Sherlock knew he was awake but not caring. He was glad someone else would curse out Sherlock for
There was a package in front of his apartment building when he got home. John slowed his steps approaching it, his mind racing. He was inclined to call the
"It's an exchange, not a gift," Sherlock clarified, pushing Mycroft's laptop over toward Magnussen's waiting hand. Magnussen tipped his head, looking
“You need protein to heal. I bought chickpea curry,” Sherlock announced, setting the bag down on the little table and taking Mrs. Hudson’s seat. John
"We'll need oatmeal. I ran out after ice fishing," John commented. Sherlock glanced at the meat on the end of his fork.
"Oh," he said and John could see that he was rubbing at his hands behind his back. "I was waiting until we got married," Sherlock joked and John knew they
proved at every public occasion that he'd rather be himself than be liked and John found that just amazing enough to deal with the results of it.
after all. Sherlock could never guess what details a common mind would deduce and which it'd miss entirely. Still, John's mind he knew better. He thought
“We’ll do that,” he agreed. Lestrade’s eyes lit up, his relief clear, and sat down. John hoped he was not staying for a social visit. He needed to go back
“What about the message though?” Lestrade asked, not doubting him. That confidence was essential, established over years of working with the detective inspector, but it made James complacent. He was aware of way he'd begun to lapse, before Redbeard had appeared. He'd have to be careful not to rely on anything when John was nearby, at least for a few months.
Sherlock tipped his head back and exhaled in relief. Invincible and focused - he could do anything. Joy tore through his heart; where had that been? He
John wanted to ask, but settled with a more generic commentary. He pointed his cane at the mantlepiece.
why every speck of snow was out of place from where it'd been before, reading wind speeds and the slowly dipping temperature. But none of it
"-not -your. -You -put -not -eyes -in -it" John replied. Sherlock rolled his eyes and John grinned. They were
“Sherlock Holmes?” John guessed, wandering closer. It was a good time to meet her, really, away from Moriarty's watching eyes. She confirmed that James wasn't likely to come back.
hide in his room to learn it. That or defiantly decide to learn in front of him anyway. John was somehow self-conscious until there was an open conflict,
He made himself stare at the ceiling and ignore how it was blurred. He couldn't stop crying; that was evident, so it was irrelevant.
John, her eyebrows high. John ignored her. He didn’t like talking about violence. Everyone always took it to be bragging, on a subject no one should brag
"Sherlo-" he started, but the name sounded strange on his lips and he opened his eyes. Mike was squatting in front of him, looking bemused. John shot forward, reaching his hands out for the blowtorch, ready to kill the man. His wrists caught against the plastic binds and he was rolled back by a blow to the teeth he couldn't dodge. He landed on his back and shouted before instinctively gulping down the blood that rushed from between his teeth.
one at his feet, leaving John's hands chained to the wall ten feet in front of him. "So, you know, living arrangements wise, I'll grab you a water bottle
calculated boorishness. Sherlock had to be exasperated. Sherlock sat down on the sofa beside the man, bouncing slightly and leaning back with a huff. He
door instead – would he really? The man was unobservant – and John had not answered his question about doors.
hollowness in his gut threaten to open up and consume him. He couldn't meet those striking blue eyes without wincing. They made him picture a head wound
he desperately needed all of Sherlock's help. It wasn't Sherlock coming out of hiding that was going to kill him. All of the assassins were dead anyway;
Pain slammed into the side of his face, blossoming over his cheek and eye. John's eyes flew open, only to clench shut against the pain.
still hidden in the lime green cabinets, but every trace of lab equipment was gone, which left John wondering where Sherlock had scraped up a teaching
"S-Sorry," He forced out, trembling with terrible chills. A heavy blanket was wrapped around him. The tone of his voice hurt his ears and he grunted again.
“Mycroft, Sherlock…” He started but he was cut off when Sherlock slapped Mycroft hard across the cheek.
"No wonder he is so horrible to people." Greg whispered softly, putting his hand on the table. "I know how bad I would feel about that, I can't imagine how it went for him."
"Please." Sherlock asked again quietly, his voice barely a whisper. He couldn't say it any other way. He couldn't say he loved John. Not yet. Maybe in time, but now he couldn't speak those words. John could read them however, in every line of Sherlock's face, in the way he begged John to come home, and in the soft caress of those two fingers against his cheek.
"A fact he readily accepts Lestrade." Sherlock growled, crossing his arms. "But we have little time left to play this game and even fewer options. I believe that this is the best course of action."
"You can pack everything." He said grumpily, grabbing John's hand and running his finger over the ring.
"Before this day ends you and I will play a duet." Sherlock said darkly in John's ear before sweeping off into the kitchen.
"I will leave the letter in your room Sherlock. I ensured that I brought it with me when I found that we would be coming here and it became absolutely inevitable the two of you would be reminded of the connection. I shall also leave the documents that were redacted from the original record of James Pendergrass' murder, which includes your eye witness testimony. Good evening." Mycroft nodded and took Greg's hand, leading him from the room. Greg was just quiet and sort of in shock, so he murmured goodnight as they left.
"Ah," Sherlock smirked. Not denying it but simply raising his eyebrows and watching John blush in response.
"It makes all the difference in the world. It is only within the last two generations that my line has finally expanded beyond the borders of the city. The fallen families wish to collect us and the hunters to destroy us for our mixed abilities. The only reason I have been kept safe is that they all believe I am dead. They believe that the Rowan's killed me years ago."
"John, I told you I'm not leaving your side." He'd said it as firmly as he could manage in the moment, but he had been panting slightly from the internal struggle he was facing. He didn't like to lose, no that was an understatement. He hated to lose and now he was in a no win situation.
"Yes. Each Solvanar family is named for a mighty tree. My family is the Oaken Solvanar. This necklace," He indicated the small square bronze colored pendant etched with knot work and a garnet in the center that rested just above his sternum. "Is my birthright. One is made for each child of the family on the occasion of their birth. It is imbued with the power of the half mortal, half vampire matriarch of the Solvanar clan. In this case my grandmother's blood was used in the creation of the garnet. The power of the blood makes it so a vampire cannot touch me without my permission. Which is what Moriarty was trying to garner from me at the ball recently. However it must be implicitly given and cannot be commanded over." He smiled.
Sherlock helped him in the car and they arrived back at Baker Street without much trouble. Lestrade and Sherlock helped John in without asking his permission and he accepted without too much fight. He walked into the kitchen and was pleasantly surprised to find fresh groceries and four flower arrangements. One was from Lestrade and his team, one from Molly, and one from Mrs. Hudson. The fourth one did not have a card with it, but it was clear from the small twitch playing at the corners of Sherlock's mouth as John examined it - who it was from. John simply shook his head slightly, feeling his heart flutter at the sentiment that the gift betrayed.
“I wish I could forget the journey, however I would gladly suffer it again to have you here with me.” John’s voice took on a firmer edge. Sherlock stared at him, unsure of what to say. He realized however that John was beginning to tremble under his hands.
“Tell us what happened since you left our home.” He asked as gently as he could, focusing on her and allowing John a moment in his grief.
“There are scratches on his neck, barely visible, but enough to tell they were not made by the nails of a woman.” Sherlock looked at John and smirked when he realized his love had noticed that detail as well. He went to speak again however he was interrupted.
"You're not like him!" John shouted in a low angry whisper that was full of emotion. His grip relaxed but did not release Sherlock. After which Sherlock allowed himself to meet his eyes again. They both were silent for a moment as if catching their breath.
"John, no," Sherlock's voice was tight with emotion as he tried to soothe his husband, completely unprepared to see him grieving like this. He knew there was so much under this grief, he'd let John go too long without dealing with it. "You haven't failed anyone. Not me, not yourself, not Hamish, and not Harry. Harry made her choice, she was an addict John. As an addict still in recovery I can tell you that her mind was not on you when she started that car." His tone cut through John's sorrow and slowed his tears, slowly drawing the doctor's eyes back up.
"It's my fault," Sherlock said softly and both of them looked at him with wide eyes. "You see Hamish, Daddy has been very sad lately because of what happened with your Mommy. So your Dad wanted to cheer him up by taking him to have adventures like we used to when we were little. I was trying to cheer him up and I made him forget to take care of himself and you, and I forgot to spend time with you too." He leaned down so his forehead was against Hamish's in John's arms. "Forgive me?" He asked softly.
John couldn't help but feel proud and a little embarrassed that Sherlock's coat was around him as they walked, it dragging on the floor just slightly. He looked up to survey Sherlock's face, trying to learn to read him the way he was so adept at reading John. His features were tightened, protective, and angry. The jacket was a sign to one and all, he was not going to let this happen again. John was
"I'm not about to start believing that Mycroft is some sort of all knowing power." He giggled and his hand slipped up into Sherlock's hair. "And yet if you think about it here we are about to go back and solve a case. Our very first case. There's still a sort of magic about it, even if Mycroft bloody Holmes was the one that reunited us." John grinned.
. "Not something you will find out on the first date." John said it as firmly as possible but he was very red and almost panting. They both laughed quietly, John's full of nerves and desire. Sherlock's was a low, possessive sort of primal thing that should have instilled fear in John's heart but instead shot straight through his body and set his desire alight.
trouble. Sherlock, I believe Baker Street is no longer safe. This is evidence to support my theory. I believe that John has a bigger target on him than even you are capable of seeing. I think you are clearly incapable of protecting him on your own and as such I think you should come
"He is your mate, Sherlock. You have been deathly afraid of someone claiming him from you, so I am ensuring that doesn't happen. It is not my concern that your mate has lied to you. You should address that with him."
“Why come now?” John finally spoke, finding the anger rising within himself both comforting and grounding.
just walk in here? Do you have any idea the amount of damage you've caused?" His voice was a low, almost lethal tone.
"So she is alive but sleeping?" John asked but Sherlock knew he was deflecting the moment he had to confess to the question lingering before them.
"Ah yes. Kevin was apparently a distraction, a hope on throwing the entire trail off. He is unrelated to the two families but was an Order member from Uthur’s chapter that made the mistake of attempting to flirt with Marcus at one of the regional meetings. His family has been informed. Georgina and Uthur have set up a fund for Hamish as repayment for the fact he was kidnapped and injured by Marcus.” John nodded, but he was having trouble keeping up.
John kissed him back as fervently as he could, wishing he could touch him and being driven mad by the restraints. Sherlock pulled his fingers away from their work and slid them back to unlock the handcuffs, granting John his unspoken wish. He then retrieved a condom which he put on almost in one motion, surprising John again with his knowledge of sex. But before John had time to truly register his thoughts he was suddenly back, claiming John's mouth in deeply lustful kisses. John groaned his name as he felt him press against him, slowly pushing his way in, little by little, until John no longer knew where he stopped and Sherlock began. A tremor ran through John's body that was only accentuated when Sherlock suddenly started moving.
"No, he shot himself. He'd already set this up. Presumably because he knew I was going to fake it or couldn't guarantee that I wouldn't," Sherlock replied
eyes expectantly and he realized that Sherlock hadn't taught him the sign for 'Alcoholic'. That might actually be described as sensitive.
failed, evidently, for Greg sobered. "How're things?" he asked and John didn't know where to start. "With Sherlock," Greg clarified. John blew out a
"I don't have favorites unless there is actual content to prefer. My favorite restaurant would be Angelos, for example, but it is in an inconvenient part
“Thank you. I’ll log that away,” John snarked, unwrapping his bandages and listening to the tub fill.
pointing toward the corner. John moved instinctively, only to realize that he could have refused the entire coffee enterprise and gotten the hell out of
"Magnussen, I'd suspect. Let him in," Sherlock ordered. Mrs. Hudson turned around and headed back down the stairs, still looking nervous.
The sun slowly set, drawing a line across their legs from the western window. Gladstone started snoring in the hall.
January was the coldest month of the year and it blew in with fervor. The window froze thick enough to stop rattling in the storm winds. They started
spiked if he thought about what his trauma might bring to mind and he spent an hour on the couch, staring at his reflection in the dark window, feeling his
only make decisions with the data at my disposal, and I made the right call at the time,” Sherlock told himself. Lestrade stared at him, looking hateful,
release him. Sherlock pushed himself up on one arm and John's loins tightened, imagining Sherlock's lithe body pulling on top of his own, imagining
There, that was actually true. John nodded easily. Sherlock tried to think of something normal to do to take his pulse and see if John was prepared to
Dark eyes. Deepened wrinkles. Heavy scent of dried sweat. He was keeping his arms tight to his sides - aware of his body odor. Currently thinking about it
“It’s not like you didn’t have to fuck off to bloody Afghanistan to keep yourself from gambling. You’re no better than me,” she snarled.
"What makes you think he didn't kick me out?" John growled, annoyed with the assumption. Donovan didn't answer. She didn't need to. They both knew John
he wondered, stopping outside the morgue door. He could remember walking inside the first time, looking only for a flatmate to lower his rent. Stamford had
in front of the man, and he grabbed the computer and his tea and started for his room, ignoring how Sherlock stared after him, looking
“I looked you up on the internet last night,” John commented, wondering if Moriarty would be threatened by such an invasion. Instead, the man looked thrilled. Confident about his alias, maybe. Or perhaps just acting well.
He'd never get over it. He could swear that right now without a doubt; if Sherlock and he could actually make this into a relationship and it didn't work
John's eyebrows rose but he couldn't determine if that meant John had understood his intention or not. It didn't much matter, probably.
"Have a good day," Donovan added, sounding sappy sweet. She always did have a rather shitty sense of sarcasm.
Sherlock sat down across from the genius, ready to spend a tedious afternoon across from a man telling him what he already knew. Still, it was a relief to
"Got a girl on my mind," he confessed, not sounding particularly happy about it. John took a sip of his beer, waiting. Greg's lips twisted. Wasn't sure he
Sherlock's skin on his palms, feel the man's bare feet slide beside his own and he almost gasped at the sensation. Sherlock stared at him, his pale eyes
“You need to pee,” he announced finally. John shifted, his waistline uncomfortable against his bladder.
doubt.” He turned to leave. John nodded, grateful. They didn’t have much connection to each other, now. An ex-boyfriend’s brother. John’s breath caught
“Do you?” John asked, considering refusing. Greg held his hands up, signaling helplessness and John nodded. Paperwork. No doubt Lestrade’s career was in no
"If you're willing," John reminded him softly and Sherlock looked down at him, swallowing audibly. Sherlock cleared his throat, clearly uncomfortable, and
rather spectacular miscalculations. What would happen if he turned and pulled John onto the bed? Would John let him? Would John turn and pull him closer?
“We found the letters at the crime scene,” Greg added, glancing at Sherlock, who would no doubt want to read them. John ignored it, deciding he didn’t much
Mike walked away, still looking at the camera, and John curled into a ball by the wall, doing his best to look broken. The feeling of helplessness would
"This place is hateful," Sherlock replied, rubbing at his face where ice was trying to form on his lips and eyelashes. John straightened and turned to look
misunderstanding, and wrote "Sherlock Holmes" on Sherlock's sticky note. He leaned back, proud of his cleverness, and grabbed his bottle of brandy.
John in pain. Otherwise, you seem utterly devoid of feeling, and yet John never believed that act, did he? Obviously John didn't see you see him in pain,
"We'll get him, Sherlock," Donovan said when they’d left the building, sounding confident. Sherlock glanced around the room, uselessly wanting John.
"Where are you from?" he asked, automatically leaning back on the bar as he tried to figure out why, precisely, he was uninterested. He scanned her body
moment she could almost envy the doctor – to have Sherlock Holmes turn that gaze to him, full of passion. It had to be a heady sight. She followed behind
He felt a light placed onto his chest and nodded gratefully, fumbling with it until he got the light shining onto the wheels of the dumpster.
"Major, please. I'm John Watson, Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. Three years in Afghanistan, a veteran of Kandahar, Helmand and Barts bloody Hospital! Let
“Why does everyone keep calling me that?” he asked rhetorically, before turning back to Lestrade. “What are we waiting for? If John is alive, it’s for a
web, the names to bring him down but no proof and nothing on the man. Sherlock went back to his microscope.
“This town is remarkably well informed of our arrival,” Sherlock muttered, turning in a circle to take in all the houses around them.
Sherlock took control, shoving a knee in between his to spread them and pushing himself up against John's chest. John continued on the buttons, desperate
was doing before Lestrade brought him his clothes. Spent all day at work. His boss, Susan? Sarah? Whatever her name, said she put him on file work, and
to get revenge on Magnussen, do you?" he asked, turning away from her before she had the chance to answer. He unfolded the notebook to the right page
Sherlock was pulling up from his chair before he had a chance to ask. The man had strode past them and was out the door without a word only a second later
No choosing between Sherlock and a relationship and no living as a bachelor with the man. He could have both. God, he'd be so happy.
touching mine. It’s just a ‘too many penises’ problem right there,” Mike rambled. John nodded weakly, understanding his point, though it was too late. He
Too many options for her first sentence; impossible to determine. His mind whirled with possibilities as she continued, slowing chopping them down. He was
"-How -feel -you? I -feel -happy. I -feel -sad. -Please. -Thank you. -Blue, -Green, -Yellow, -Red, -Pink, -White, -Black, -Gold, -Silver, -Cat, -dog,
"-Nevermind," John said. Sherlock nodded and held out a hand to Lestrade, his eyes going back to his computer screen. Lestrade walked forward and placed
And deduce the intruder's shoe size, height, gait, and walking pace, apparently, he added as Sherlock bragged. John rubbed a hand over his face, unsure
This was better. At the end of the day, he was a man. John Watson was the only one who never forgot that. He pressed his nose into John's hard shoulder
slipped behind John and moved the fireplace grate without being asked. Whatever next was part of the routine, John thought, turning to the side so he
Why, exactly, he knew the name and the face that went with it, he couldn't fathom. He wasn't a criminal and he wasn't a detective. But it didn't take a genius to know that it wasn't a coincidence that he'd met James Moriarty in that laboratory. Someone had handed him Moriarty's information, someone who had a way to know who the criminal was likely to recruit. No friend of Moriarty's, to be sure. Which meant that somewhere in the world, John had an ally.
Sherlock scowled, clearly grasping her plan. John glanced between the two of them, dumbfounded at how she planned to take a nasty lover's feud and turn it
He went back to the temporary flats he'd wandered into his first day out of Afghanistan. He'd been grateful for the mattress, the seat, the desk back then.
girlfriends, and he was reminded of it now. It was this kind of thing that always cut him to the quick; the changed habits and discarded objects.
gotten Sherlock too far gone to notice. Even hammered Sherlock managed to look graceful. Those long limbs managed to drape everywhere. Attractive. John
"Oh," he said and John smirked. Well, that hadn't exactly been the best case in months. Sherlock stayed still, obviously unsure what to do with himself.
traffic, steadying out as it exited the city and drove down the curving roads of the English suburbia, into the countryside. At that point, there was
Sherlock's brain whispered at him and he pulled his hands through his hair, silencing it. He'd think about where John would have gone; every possibility and their associated probabilities dispassionately and he'd go down the list in order when he got back and he
Mycroft would test John Watson's integrity, or perhaps loyalty if any such sentiment had developed during their first day, and deposit the doctor conveniently back to 221B to finish this false case with the arrest of Harold Yale. James preferred integrity; it was harder to buy off. Loyalty wavered with sentiment.
"We're not using Janine, I know. But have you ever thought of just asking her?" John asked, doing his best to spray half of the bottle of multi-purpose
groups. He'd grown to pity them and wonder what it was like for them to see nothing as they wandered about the world, not even questions to be answered. As
"Well?" Sherlock demanded, holding out a hand, presumably for whatever evidence Lestrade handed him.
“Far as I'm concerned, it's not the Yard's fault if they shoot you” Lestrade commented off-hand as he handed them each a pair of sanitary gloves. He led them toward the back of a restaurant strip, a small parking lot filled with police tape and tired-looking officers trying to ignore the overpowering smell of old fish wafting from the nearby dumpster. Sherlock took stock of the area, his expression curious and his eyes alight with joy. John stood beside him, smiling softly at the sight of him. The officers gawked and reached for their guns as they passed under the yellow police tape, Lestrade leading the way.
thought. Showing off the damage he could do and making a side profit from it. And perhaps, showing off that he knew John's pressure point; all of the
Sally Donovan seemed older than she’d been when he’d jumped, far more than three years older. She had wrinkles folding around her mouth and eyes, marking
"No, sorry," she interrupted herself, closing her eyes. Her cheeks brightened and she only glanced at him for a moment – likely embarrassed, then. Had
"You stopped wanting me," Sherlock said, blinking owlishly, and shook his head. "You don't want me," he clarified. John glanced down at his penis in his
John decided, and pushed the syringe into the man's arm. He waited a full forty five minutes, until he could feel the corpse start to cool, before he took
"Oh, yes, well, all Sherlock, as you know," John replied, his mind already returning to how to differentiate 'coat' 'live' 'bath' 'backpack' 'have' and
"Isn't that what it means when you lift your tone at the end of a sentence?" he complained and John waved him off.
He wasn’t going to get over this. John pulled himself to his feet, his stiff knee buckling beneath him and locking painfully. He stumbled his way to the
"I'm sorry, officers," the man said, glancing curiously at Sherlock, obviously recognizing the man but clearly astute enough not to question him or his
flat housing all of his old nightmares. And if it’d changed, if Mrs. Hudson had finally rented it out and someone else was there, if Sherlock was staying
longer than strictly necessary. The snowmobile roared and the wind flapped against his ears, blocking out everything else. There was nothing but white,
upstairs from the dirt on Sherlock's arms from the bedroom floor. Sherlock ignored the jibe. Magnussen was dressed in a perfectly tailored black suit, his
They already lived together. They already ate together. He wasn't going to sleep with anyone else – just the thought felt revolting and he had a nagging
"That would have risked Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade," John replied finally, pulling one of the largest blades from the single kitchen drawer and turning back
It didn't take long to sneak back through the hospital. With international plane-flight stubble and his poor attire all he'd had to do was steal a mop from
There were hundreds of other informative secrets he'd kept from the woman, things she'd certainly want to know. The cocaine he'd mixed with gelatin and
He wasn’t going to heal. Not from losing him. He had nothing but a bedsit and an empty cot to return to, and he felt no true desire to change that. John
"Wet nurse?" John asked anyway. He didn't want to talk about the bear or their dwindling food supply or plans for the future.
Sherlock felt something rumble in him, frustration and loneliness built up from too many years without the man and too much silence now.
"Your towel is still there," he offered. John blew out a heavy breath, remembering the set up he had at home; the handheld shower head and the washcloths
“Meretricious,” Sherlock replied, his lips twitching in amusement. For a moment John wanted to see him laugh again, his gray eyes lit up with joy in that
them. He couldn't even figure out why John was still in the flat, lying on the couch like he planned to stay the night. Sherlock adjusted the magnetization
a random number generator, and still, it wouldn't be like John's. Sherlock snarled at himself. He missed the man. That was all this was. He didn't want
pleased to see you," John whispered, but to his surprise, Sherlock didn't smirk at his part in their antics like he used to do.
"I'm a fake," Sherlock declared. John wanted to crush his phone, but he couldn't stop his connection to this man.
“What did you do for the others - if they weren’t acting illegally other than the theft?” he asked. He heard Sherlock take another gulp of wine.
“Yeah, well, I’m going back to the ‘screaming his name’ thing. That was weird, yeah? Why scream Sherlock?” Mike pressed, heating the nail again. John tried
"He's my ex-something," Sherlock said, waving away the question. John blinked at the term, something like hope nudging at him. Janine glanced his way, her
them. Solve silly puzzles and take huge risks. Show Sherlock a moral way and know it for himself. It was what had kept John stuck here, one foot in the
Sherlock pushed himself back into his chair, listening to John make his way down the steps. He wasn't supporting himself with his arm against the wall,
he realized, his mouth quirking slightly as he remembered going off on a tangent with the man, even shortly after they’d met. '
frustrated with himself. He could already feel the anxiety crawling up his spine. He was alone in this flat. That wasn't wise. He could bathe any other
fear, would know he'd always do anything to run from it. The last bit of his prideful innocence, stripped away. John Watson - a broken man. He didn't think
press will be there, and it'd be awkward -to say the least- for the force if we show up without him," Greg confessed. "Er – you both," he added awkwardly
he wondered, watching John's arms strain beneath the weight of the carcass. Sherlock knew he was not built for hard labor. He did not have the proper
still-cluttered desk, his hands still clasped tightly behind his back. As if he could feel John’s curiosity on his skin, Sherlock whipped away from the
Sherlock’s gaze caught on something. John followed his eyes to a pile of papers on the coffee table. Astronomy papers, John remembered. From astrophysics
was only 1:30, after all that'd happened. He got to the clinic at the same time as a pizza delivery man. John greeted the man with an awkward smile,
"Someone has a club foot," Sherlock muttered to himself, looking at the bloody footprints. "I need the files of every officer who worked this case."
"Lestrade sent me a text. They have a double murder," Sherlock was rubbing his hands together excitedly before clicking down to read the last of the page.
“This is an old friend of mine, John Watson,” Mike said and John handed his phone over to the man he'd seen shoot someone more callously than any soldier in his regiment.
really not," she assured him and instantly made the whole thing worse. John rubbed at his knee, embarrassed, and she leaned forward in her seat. "It's just
in and stood by the case board, staring at the pictures. The other officers trickled in, one by one, in total silence, waiting for the next photo that
Apparently, thank god, the man was alright. A few lacerations on his arms from the debris and bruises from the fall; otherwise Sherlock had walked away
or he'd be bored out of his skull in approximately ten minutes – maybe less depending on who held Mycroft's whiteboard.
“You’re an idiot,” Sherlock declared. John looked up to see the man in the doorway to the living room, wrapped in a sheet, his hair mussed with sleep. John
John ran a hand up Sherlock's side, over his ribs -covered with a safe layer of fat and muscle now. Sherlock ground down against him again and John gasped,
London may not have had the same motivations at all. When, though, when would he have done that? When he was taking down man after woman in Moriarty’s
"Was there a bloke around here, about 1.8 meters tall, thin but not hungry, blond, pinched face, good shoes – almost new?" he asked, apparently having
to keep up his fluid intake for at least another week. Not that Sherlock was likely to be a help with that. Mrs. Hudson pulled a finger across a still-damp
John stopped, resting an arm against a tree. He pushed his face into his elbow, trying to force his brain above his emotions again. He couldn't break down
"Gail," he muttered, for a chatroom's BlackWidow98. The chat didn't even have any words in it, much less a name, but John trusted Sherlock's information.
John blinked, feeling battered. What the hell had happened? He'd thought Sherlock was trying to recruit him a minute before.
He laid his head sideways to drink directly from the tap. It was cold against his cheek and teeth and woke him up but soothed his headache. He swallowed
"Just trying to figure something out," she replied, wondering if John knew Sherlock was going around revealing that the doctor found him attractive. Given,
"When the most observant man in the world thinks you're hitting on him, you probably are," he replied quietly. Sherlock swallowed, watching the man as he
"No mysteries in it today, I'm afraid," Mrs. Hudson commented, handing him a newspaper and starting back toward the stairs.
"Anytime," Sherlock replied easily, still focused on his laptop screen. John sipped at his tea, considering that.
conversation without thinking about anal sex yet. John smirked and Greg took another gulp of beer.
the room. Mrs. Hudson watched her go, her eyebrows high, and settled into the chair by John’s side. She squeezed his fingers again, gaining his attention.
“Back again, John? What is all this rushing about? What’s Sherlock done now?” Mrs. Hudson complained, sticking her head out of her flat.
"We poison my family, take the laptop while they're temporarily incapacitated, go to Appledore, wait until my brother sends in the cavalry to arrest
, John noted, getting concerned for it's safety - before the genius finally planted himself on the floor in front of him, dumping
"You didn't ask," the woman scolded. "Now I'm sorry, but it's the middle of the night, so unless this is urgent -"
“I will arrange it,” Mycroft said, as if they were agreeing. “You should be aware, I’m screening your mail. This will be in the papers soon. I have no
flew open to see the bottom of a bucket, distorted through the water. His hands scraped against the concrete below his chest, useless. He kicked out behind him but met
“Arn't you going to put one on?” John asked, pulling on his suit. Neither the cop nor Moriarty answered. Right.
slow pace until John was grinding his teeth, ready to berate the man for testing his limits so openly, and worse for underestimating him.
"He never causes too much damage to anyone important. He's far too intelligent for that," Mycroft warned. A clear message -
“John,” Sherlock called, from too close. John jerked, tearing the newspaper he was pretending to read. Sherlock was standing at his elbow. He frowned,
“Do people usually assume you're the murderer?” John asked. He could see it going either way, really. People were gullible. Sherlock grinned, evidently enjoying his discomfort.
as soon as his legs could carry him. John flipped through the newspapers for a remaining crossword.
second floor. A tight passageway led back to the much brighter kitchen. The hallway was decorated with a woven leaf garland that smelled strongly of fir
John figured, obeying as well as he could, though he couldn't help glancing at the cabbie on occasion in his embarrassment. He sounded like he'd suddenly
he sat in an armchair, drinking tea and flipping through a newspaper for a puzzle for Sherlock. This time it was apparently bound to happen next to
just getting back on his feet when he’d gotten the news that Sherlock Holmes had jumped to his death. His reputation on the job had been in tatters. He was
“Suitcase, yes. She's been married at least ten years but not happily. She's had a string of lovers but none of them knew she was married.”
A knock sounded downstairs, followed by the clicking gait of Mycroft with his umbrella. John pushed himself up, gripping the edge of the desk as he
"-We -only -just -start -J-O-H-N," he whined and John stepped over the pile of random belongings waiting on the floor and strode toward the kitchen where
the pipe still held in his belt. The bodyguard pulled that out, still silent, frowning at him like a disappointed school principle. "Doesn't mean I'm not
Caribou trudged down the river banks in long armies, inexorably flowing North. Sherlock made sandwiches, pies, and biscuits with the meat and flour they had until they ran out of yeast. They'd have to wait until the first snowfall to get into town again. The snow started to melt and the river ice thinned, so John could chisel it easier and shovel it out in chunks. Sherlock tapped the birch sap and boiled it into syrup.
Sherlock had started back home, wondering how much eye-staring constituted 'a lot', when his phone buzzed with a text.
"Dawgs not like some kinnaq," he said and grinned as if that was the end of it. He spoke English too far back in his throat. "My name is Iqniq," He smiled
"Unidentified person, age approximately thirty five to forty, signs of possible torture including burns and lacerations, concentrated on his back. We're
“You’re saying yes,” Sherlock deduced, rolling to face him, his eyes wide. John smiled and Sherlock’s smile slowly grew until it looked about ready to split his face.
her controlling attitude or disgust of addicts or her choice of sweaters, it didn’t matter. Of course he’d throw that at her now. He was such a prick.
Mike's footsteps padded closer and John felt the rush of adrenaline and fear press through him at the sound.
"We're lucky," John commented, squatting by the tracks and running a finger through one. The track stayed almost unmarred; the snow was frozen hard,
"Have a good date," John said. He picked up his laptop with a pained grunt and Greg glanced at it meaningfully. Guessing he was going to Sherlock's now?
"Well, then. I should… bathe," John admitted, looking down at his damp hands. Sherlock smirked in understanding and gestured at the bathroom.
“Of course, yes. Enough for a lifetime, far too much.” That was supposed to be true. Moriarty didn't even hesitate.
“Withheld information,” John amended, not caring. He flipped through the newspaper, looking for the crossword he’d left unfinished the night before.
"Why would I care? All I care about is the work," he said but Donovan smirked at him, looking like she knew some secret about him. Proud and stupidly
Croydon. There were only two possible reasons to go there - Mycroft wanted one of his cryptic 'chats' or Sherlock was in trouble there.
If the earth circled the sun in the way John described, the world would get very dark here. Already the sun never got very high in the sky; he'd seen that
Molly dropped a padded envelope on his chest. Sherlock sat up from the couch, careful not to jar his arm or ribs, and peered at the package, the sound of
under the covers, letting his bathrobe fall to the floor beside him. John pushed himself back in the bed until his back was pressed heavily against
John tensed, only to realize that that would tell Sherlock everything he was trying to hide, and sure enough Sherlock's fingers stilled and a hand snuck
“You’re a daft prick,” Harry answered. John couldn’t help it; he laughed, and it set off a coughing fit and he had no choice at all but to open his eyes.
Maybe Sherlock would consent to switching some of the words to BSL versions. If so, he was going to request
He’d never heard Sherlock sound the least bit remorseful to a stranger before. That at least was something.
from Sherlock before the man had fully exited the vehicle. Sherlock embraced them stiffly and pivoted away to introduce John. John shook their hands before
"The entrance, then," John said aloud, entranced by the simple map of an unmarked field of untended land. "Now what?" he asked and Sherlock shut the laptop
“Wait-” John started, glancing at his hand. He had nothing to confirm Sherlock’s guess. “How did you-”
into Sherlock's hair, tipping the man's head back. He kissed him lightly before pushing himself more firmly against the man. Sherlock's mouth opened. This,
James's permission this time. Permission that'd be easy to get, John had no doubt. Sherlock pushed himself up from the couch to stand by the desk, the
It didn't matter what Sally and Philip pulled up on Richard Brook now; Sherlock was dead. He'd do his best to clear the man's name for John, and that was close to finished now, but John didn't seem to care much. About anything.
“Yes, yes I think so. My thoughts precisely,” Moriarty replied, spinning to inspect the room as if for the first time.
grizzly attack?" Sherlock clarified, keeping his voice as steady as he could despite his pounding adrenaline. John grinned at him, life sparking back into
Greg didn't protest. John was grateful. He couldn't abide silence and he couldn't be bored. It'd take awhile, before he'd be able to sit down for more than
down the room as if looking for a stud. Greg watched him, confused, and felt himself jerk back in surprise when Sherlock suddenly punched his hand through
Person's cases became almost impossibly unlikely to close after 24 hours, half that at 48 hours and it had been 102, assuming that John had left work on
The break wasn’t working, John reflected. He couldn't simply sigh and put the last year behind him, just because he was tired of grief and fear and anger.
It was remarkably easy to pretend to be an alcoholic. John walked into meeting after meeting and he didn't see a single counsellor look at him askance. He
John shoved the thought away. Sherlock wandered around the room, picking up random books and putting them down again, fiddling with his nicknacks, and
his clothing – condensation from the briefly open doorway, Sherlock realized. Something crackled behind him and Sherlock breathed in the thin,
"Just checking," he grumbled and John pulled his hand away to pinch the bridge of his nose. This was going to be an interesting life.
"Love is an irrational urge that overrides more productive cognitive fuctions," he said, his brain obviously elsewhere. John turned his face with his hand
surprised to find the fire crackling happily, and shut the stove drawer again. He slit the fur on the fox's back legs, working his knife carefully over the
a loud clang and stared at John like he'd brought it all about. John glanced around the familiar flat, wondering if he'd missed any signs that Sherlock
“The killer must have driven her to Lauriston Gardens. He could only keep her case by accident if it was in the car. Nobody could be seen with this case without drawing attention to themselves, particularly a man, which is statistically more likely. So obviously, he'd felt compelled to get rid of it. The moment he noticed he still had it - wouldn't have taken him more than five minutes to realize his mistake. I checked every back street wide enough for a car five minutes from Lauriston Gardens and anywhere you could dispose of a bulky object without being observed. Took me less than an hour to find the right skip.”
He was in great danger of falling in love with this man, in the middle of the Alaskan tundra. Sherlock pressed his free hand to his neck again, keeping
"Fantastic. I haven't since my first tour," John admitted. Sherlock's eyes widened. That was longer than he'd deduced, apparently.
"You're not going to sell it to Magnussen, are you?" he complained, clearly expecting it, and Janine smirked. John raised his eyebrows, catching her plan.
Sherlock had spent a lot of time in his childhood envying other children's minds, that knew how to make friends and run around in loud annoying little
He needed so much more than Mrs. Hudson to get through this. John cleared his throat, pushing the thought aside.
as only John was mocking him for it. He couldn't handle anyone else's censure but apparently he was perfectly comfortable with John's. John smiled,
She smiled at him slightly, nodded to Mycroft, and left. Sherlock glared at the door after she was gone, only to flop his head back onto the bed.
John did his best, staring at Sherlock's walls of photos and criminal contacts to try and figure out what, exactly, Sherlock was working on. Piecing
"Well then," she said cheerfully, and shoved the flowers back into the vase in his hands, though she'd only finished half their stems. She left without
John pushed himself back on the couch, letting his head fall back on the wall behind him. He needed to know what he wanted. All he knew now was he wanted
someone had ordered the hotdog. It was still wet; likely the customer before them, who’d left such a large butt mark.
"We.." John started, before he fully processed the sentence and he had to laugh. "You know we don't have a king."
“I don’t know. I started with the ones I’d already found. That added up to fifty one, I got through thirty of them,” Sherlock admitted.
ballooning their way out of the warm flesh to steam on the snow, under pressure from their own weight. John cut out the esophagus of the bear, or at least
or not. now John really wanted to know what Sherlock had said about him. Mr. Holmes waved him down, in a reassuringly casual gesture.
"I started my work studying water ecosystems' dependence on saline levels that day, though of course at the time I only knew it as my 'dead fish' project,"
having lost the memory entirely, when he'd signed it correctly only the day before. It was going to take the man
was the closest person to Sherlock's distant heart - was that where this 'Janine' was now? Did they come to her, now that John had told them all off?
hand away. John grabbed it back and gripped it strongly, watching for any signal that this touch was too much. It didn't come and John knew what Sherlock
John thought. Mrs. Hudson greeted him politely and welcomed them inside and Sherlock immediately dashed up the stairs, pausing at the landing to watch John slowly hobble up after him.
"You are horribly bored," he commented. Sherlock groaned loudly, scrubbing his hands through his hair and letting himself drop off the table like a trust
but then he'd collapse on the couch. It'd been a good case; had taken a week and the police had been at odds to find any clues at all. An unsolvable case,
staying with me," Sherlock corrected sharply. "Probably. Again," he added more accurately. Donovan raised her eyebrows.
He heard Mrs. Hudson screech downstairs. He started to get up but the sound of sobbing followed. Right. He sat back down, trying to wrap his brain around
"Tomorrow we bury," he replied. John nodded, not protesting the order in his home, where he would have glanced at Mycroft, annoyed and dismissive.
He saw a hand placed by the base of the jar, sitting just into his periphery vision. John had started doing that over the last week; presumably an invented
"Without this gun working? If it decides to eat us we have no chance," John replied, lowering the round back into the gun and cocking it again. The snap of
how long he’d been in hospital either, when he’d spent so much of it asleep. John struggled to remember what he’d been thinking about. The nurse strapped
It was irrelevant, John thought, not wanting to deal with any other questions about the matter. Anything he and Sherlock had shared had long since
“Sorry, it's in my coat,” Mike replied. He walked around the lab table to stand across from the executioner, not looking concerned in the least. And Mike had never been a brave man. He didn't know. But at least he'd handed John a decent chance of reading one of the consulting criminal's texts.
He wouldn't stop to sleep, that night. Mike hadn't replaced the plastic the day before, such a small oversight, but he was faster at chewing now; he'd have
John shifted. They needed to let him go. He was too aware of the hand on his neck, the fingernail digging in beneath his hair line. He needed to get his
why not. John seemed to feel the same way though. He threw the carcass outside to deal with in the morning and settled into his work on the hide, but his
John whitened and Sherlock thought he'd perhaps gone too far. He tended to forget that he didn't need to win in such conversations, just get out unscathed.
"Anyone else?" Mycroft drawled as the man pulled himself into the car. The whole back seat smelled like urine and body odor immediately. Sherlock sighed
“Does he know who shot him?” she asked, sitting down beside him. Waiting for the damn phone to give them more information, no doubt, though they both knew
booth and John joined him. Greg pushed a beer across the table for him. John lifted it in thanks.
"Yeah, somebody hit me," Bill muttered, shifting where he stood. Sherlock didn't drop his stare. Bill cradled his arm to his chest. "Just some guy," he
John stared out at where Peter Ricolleti was getting escorted out of his front door, trying to figure out how, exactly, he was going to get into Sherlock's
his skin. A rope burn, cut deep into his hand. They'd had to pick out the fibers, John was sure, glad he'd been unconscious. Sherlock watched him, looking
had no chance, with Mike watching him so carefully; he needed his torturer to become complacent.
"Crime scene!" he supplied and looked at their client. He thought to high five her but then.. He didn't like touching strangers. Not anymore, not since..
admit he'd been full of shit… but he'd been full of shit for years. For all he knew Greg had heard everything he'd screamed in that hospital too. John
was lying and considered him briefly. The other dogs ignored the order entirely. Sherlock blinked. Dogs weren't machines. How did John make them
car and sank down into the back seat inside. The backseat was empty. He was left alone and dropped off before the front of 221B.
It was far more likely he was making it up. He'd begun to twist facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts, as he'd seen done in insensible
Fuck, but it was Sherlock Holmes, a man with a mind like an engine beneath his hands. John kissed the man's mouth softly and Sherlock followed suit,
hand down on the coffee table and John almost covered his ears before he controlled himself…he'd need to hear this, to help with this, and his shoulders
name for. Irrelevant. He'd lost and he wasn't going to get John back, however many desperate useless texts he wanted to send.
"True," he said, grabbing the door handle. The cab started to slow down at the kerb. Sherlock handed the cabbie money before the man told them their bill.
“Brother! You came!” Sherlock exclaimed happily, moving a bit closer to his brother, though his eyes were on the exit.
“I can and I shall.” Sherlock kissed him, hard, their bodies coming together with force as he claimed John’s mouth over and over again. John could not stop himself from wrapping his arms around Sherlock, groaning as his actions only spurred the other on. “I will erase every hateful thing he has done to you.” He promised his tone softer and more like John remembered. Sherlock’s kisses softened and he continued to hold dominance over the mender until he felt the mender’s arms go slack. He stood, sighing softly as he regarded the wounded man. He would find a way to flee this place and make this man his own. He tore from the room, returning to his own and set himself to brooding away some plan to escape.
"We... Are... Piw... Pirates!" Hamish exclaimed proudly, clearly having been scolded by Sherlock for still not pronouncing the letter R properly. John could also tell the little boy had been practicing the word over and over in his head for at least twenty minutes.
The boys return to Baker Street, well aware that this will be their curtain call and the web will draw them in tighter.
"What good would... Wait... Are you saying," Greg looked at John with astonishment. "You speak German?"
Anthea called on them again when another five days had passed, knocking and looking concerned when she received no answer. She gently opened the door and noted Sherlock on the couch. She stepped into the room tentatively and heard a small whimper from the bed. She tried to pull the blankets aside and when she did panic crossed every line of her face. She gently tried to get John out of the bed but he kept shying away from her until he was firmly in the middle of the bed. He sobbed muttered deliriously and she caught a bit of his words. Something about Sherlock being hurt. She hurried from the room, running as best she could for Mycroft's study. Mycroft was sitting at his desk looking over the short reply from Sebastian when Anthea burst into the room.
“Her husband, whom was the one who turned her against her will, was running a smuggling operation. He was caught by the imperial fleet and taken to trial.” Sherlock replied quietly, locking his fingers in front of his chin.
Mycroft started when a soft knock echoed on his study door, knowing instantly it was the Mender and not his love. He called for the Mender to enter and frowned at the somber look the other carried. He motioned for John to take a seat while he finished writing his document, turning to give the Mender his full attention.
He didn't get to finish because at that moment, John using his grip on Sherlock's hair pulled him into himself and kissed him with all he had. The atmosphere of the room changed in an instant and they were all
Needless to say they didn't get any packing done at all that day. In fact they had barely shoved everything back into the bags the next day when Lestrade arrived to take them home. He could do nothing but shake his head at the state of the two of them. Both of them were disheveled, their clothing not in the normal crisp state it usually was. He could tell they hadn't slept in at least twenty four hours. Coupled with the fact that Sherlock was sporting a very dark purple love bite on his neck and John could have passed for a man who'd been choked with his choker of love bites; and Lestrade knew he was going to have to be more careful about just strolling into their flat. He helped them put their bags in the car and drove them back to Baker Street, helping them inside and surveying the flat while John took a moment to just absorb being home. Sherlock and Lestrade seemed to be looking for something specific so John just stayed out of their way, settling down in his arm chair. He smiled as he looked up at the sound of footsteps on the stairs and Mrs. Hudson came into sight. She had a tea tray in hand with some biscuits and two mugs.
He barely had time to register the triumphant look on Sherlock's face before his jacket was forcibly ripped off his shoulders and thrown to the floor. He moved to protest but Sherlock's mouth claimed his with fire and sent his brain reeling yet again. Sherlock did not let him speak, instead kissing him until he could no longer even stand. He was only held up by the firmness of Sherlock's arm gripping him tightly around the waist. He whined and moaned into the kiss, feeling himself being pushed backwards - allowing Sherlock to guide him without protest. His knees hit the bed and he collapsed with a soft thump and an exhalation of air. Sherlock moved like lightning and something silver flashed in Sherlock's hands before John's clothes were cut away.
Sherlock whispered soft comforting words to John as he stroked his hair, two fingers gently tracing their way over his cheek. The smile on his face was one of pure adoration, one he reserved only for the most important of things. When Mycroft returned several minutes later he found Sherlock asleep, John against him, and that smile still on his brother's face. It pleased him to see such a smile on his brother's face but he noted the pain that crossed John's brow. John was awake, his eyes open and terrified. Mycroft sat down and John retreated to his arms, curling up like a kitten in his lap. Sherlock however did not wake.
"You are worth more than you know, my beloved." Sherlock smiled and he climbed into the bed with them, pressing passionate kisses to his lovers mouth. Kisses that pleaded for forgiveness even as they inspired lust.
“I cannot and will not speak of his mind or heart.” She replied curtly, glaring at him. “Our plan is our own. If you can convince him to allow me to tell you, then perhaps I shall. However I shall tell you nothing otherwise.” She vanished suddenly and he growled before turning to look at the door that hid away the man he desperately wanted for his own. He moved over to it, pulling the door open just enough to slip inside.
"Oh don't be an idiot, I told you as much." John looked pained and Sherlock ran his hands gently over his back to calm him. "That's why dad was so angry about our friendship. That's why I stopped thinking about boys that way. It's stupid to think I was a ten year old boy and knew that I would never feel that way about another human being in my life, no matter how hard I tried."
“You even watch the smaller details now, my love. You have improved quite a bit” Moriarty smirked, lilting the word at Sherlock as he walked closer. “Though so have you.” He turned his dark eyes on John with a look that made John’s skin crawl.
“I apologize for my rage, the past haunts me more than I thought it would.” He said softly as he returned to the group.
"Hands to your side, mender." Mycroft ordered and John easily complied. Mycroft took him deeply in his mouth, pressing his tongue against the underside of John's erection and sucking on him until he felt the moment John's body tried to give way to release. He stopped and John whimpered desperately. It sent a thrill through Mycroft. He kissed back up John's whimpering body until their erections slid together, moaning loudly as he felt John against his skin.
“Well that fact aside, I think we need to consider how we’re going to ensure that John doesn’t end up on the losing side of this game!” Mycroft sighed. "You don't seem to be thinking about the fact that his
"Why would you think that?" He asked curiously, turning to her. Sentiment still made so much sense to other people; they were all just used to it,
building. To his relief, Sherlock quickly opened the door and started toward him. Sherlock helped him up to wash his unbandaged left hand and followed him
John focused on his breathing, keeping himself from hyperventilating. He watched as Molly set Sherlock’s arm. They weren’t going to the E.R. No, Sherlock
front of him when he'd entered with the tea. He'd said something and took his cup, not even taking his eyes from the packet, apparently having forgotten
twinged when he raised them that far. He moved to Sherlock's side, waiting for the man to run through his logic. "Murder," Sherlock said finally, following
“Malamute,” John corrected. Gladstone stayed sitting obediently and Mrs. Hudson stroked the dog's ears, smiling softly.
“Yeah. Asphyxiation, probably,” he said, struggling to his feet. “Passed out, choked on her own vomit.”
stance, the way the dogs quieted, how the driver's shoulders relaxed, his jaw loosened – burying his pride. No, this man was respected – in an environment
"…No," he answered finally, not sounding quite sure himself. John wondered if that was a clue or if Sherlock really was that drunk off of four beers. The
-school -medical -we -separate -past -I -go -R-A-M-C," John answered. Sherlock leaned forward, engaged,
"Yeah," John answered, looking for the kettle. It didn't seem to be anywhere in the corner where she'd pointed. Everywhere he looked was evidence that
"Yeah, well, I kill people. It's a different skill set," John joked and Sherlock smirked again. John watched him openly, thinking for once he'd actually
perhaps one of the most competent fighters of their generation but no one could dodge a sniper's bullet.
he'd be there without speaking for days on end, until even the backlogged work was done. That's what brokenhearted people do. He loved you. He'd want you
"He's a good man, John Watson," Donovan mentioned quietly. Sherlock ignored her. That would hardly help find him.
He got through the pushing crowd and grabbed Sherlock's arm. He couldn't get himself to grab the broken one. The skin was warm against his fingers, but too
John slipped inside and crossed to the cabinet Molly had filed the pictures in. She was nowhere in sight but he had lived with Sherlock for over a year. He
"Then what's uncertain?" he asked. John didn't know how to answer that. Apparently his hesitation answered for him. Greg's eyebrows shot up. "Right," he
He should have said something, Sherlock thought. Should have told John he'd loved him back, or that they'd been idiots, but the moment was past and their
"John won't want to eat the same thing every day," she replied and walked into the kitchen. "My, but it's a strong relief, placing food in a refrigerator
you to get us through the elevator," Sherlock clarified, picking his box of pinned bugs off the ground and returning it to the mantle. He pulled a tiny bit
John turned away to focus on the white sterile room. He wouldn't break now. He focused on Magnussen, standing ready to take him down. Perhaps Magnussen had
snarled at all. Fourth mark against remaining deaf; he missed sentences he didn't want to. He liked hearing Donovan get told off for pretending she
"Is this the damn .. press conference thing all over again? If they think badly of me it reflects badly on you?" Sherlock growled, pulling his bathrobe up
at all, except for the quiet tensing of his shoulders. Surely John could guess that detail on his own. John had inherited the vast majority of his estate,
"As of yet, deafness is showing itself to be by far superior," Sherlock commented. John shook his head; the man's emotional responses verged on the insane.
them back into dog shapes, his heart racing. He'd kill Sherlock if the man came out to talk to him.
"Right. I'll drive you back into town," he stated and pushed himself up from his chair. Sherlock stared at him, trying to process. That was not right. John
"-Yes," John answered instead. "-Sign -A-L-C-O-H-O-L-I-C, how?" He asked, to check if Sherlock actually knew. Sherlock looked startled for a moment and
need someone to get you back on your feet, and there’s nothing in that bedsit of yours but bugs. I don’t care how many trollops you drag home, you'll be
"Are you okay?" Molly asked him. Utterly utterly irrelevant. Did she understand nothing? Sherlock left without answering. He had work to do.
tried. John hesitated, listening for any hidden meaning and hearing none. He couldn't return the sentiment but he could hardly say that aloud. Though
"Go ahead," Lestrade ordered and a detective rattled off the address, his voice grainy over the poor quality radio. Sherlock was out the door before he'd
was going into battle. If he was going into battle, he didn’t want to wait around and think about it for long. John shuffled himself closer to the door and
himself for years of their dirty laundry getting aired out in front of the woman, probably literally, just to scandalize her. Greg pinched his nose,
"His hand, there," Sherlock answered, pointing. He didn't sound excited, but at least he sounded confident. Greg forced himself to focus on the mangled
nurse’s name. Giving up, he jerked his head in Mrs. Hudson’s direction. She was sitting by Harry beneath the windows. Mrs. Hudson held out her hand, but
“Okay... How did you get this?” John winced on his way to sit down and Sherlock grimaced, looking more annoyed by his injury than by his question. Which perhaps made sense, given the man's intellect. Very few people, even well-established doctors, had any respect for psychosomatic pain.
innocence in that comment. When their eyes met, Sherlock smirked making John blush and cough slightly.
“Oh, isn’t he wonderful?” Mrs. Hudson gushed. “Of course you’re so much better, but the way he plays…”
Sherlock held the mender up, ignoring the muttered words that Mycroft spat after them as they left the library. When they entered their room, Sherlock wrapped John in his arms and whispered an apology. John shed a few tears, clawing into the other’s back as he did, before the two of them set to packing their things. John was nearly possessed of a manic energy to get out of the manor and Sherlock felt terrible, a small doubt wondering what on earth had possessed his brother to go so far.
"I do not have to. I am going to claim you, right here on this floor. Then I'm going to leave you to the wolves." He giggled rolling his hips so he ground down on John, laughing harder as John moaned but tears formed in his eyes. "I am going to break you apart, John. Then I am going to watch as Sherlock finds you. As he discovers you tainted and broken. I shall be present to witness the moment he turns from you and you break. Elizabeth does not even recall that she loosened your necklace yesterday. What a silly thing for the Solvanar elders to decide, mortals can touch our shields. Your shield will not protect you now. Your mind belongs to me."
"You have nothing in common with any prey I have ever hunted." Sherlock conceded before pressing their mouths together.
"I had hoped the need wouldn't arise." He replied back with almost the exact same tone. John observed them for a moment, reading their body language. They were both tensed, prepared for a disagreement. He didn't understand why there was suddenly this extra layer of tension between them. It had never been easy going for the two of them but they had always maintained some sort of politeness that was just gone now. Both of their mouths tight lines and refusing to let the other gain any ground, though John felt sure Mycroft had softened some at least with regards to John. Sherlock seemed to be the one with the most resistance, which surprised John as they needed Mycroft's help.
"You can stay here, love. We're just going to go downstairs to talk to John's cousin and then we'll come back." Sherlock offered but Hamish clung to John.
I was feeling she was gone and you pulled even further away than you'd been before." The intensity of Sherlock's gaze as he admitted that he was so powerfully jealous forced him to finally look away. "She moved part of you that I had never seen you even access before. I understand that. I also understand that for
"Well you are our land lady, not our housekeeper!" John giggled and she patted him softly and somewhat knowingly on the arm.
"No, it will not feel as intimate. We are bonded, so for us it is different." Sherlock leaned forward and claimed John's mouth in a passionate kiss. "Also you will not be as readily able to link with Mycroft. As your Sire your bond shares a very different series of qualities - ones he must teach you of." Sherlock pressed himself to John, forcing John back as their mouths moved together. "Now, hush..." He commanded, his fingers deftly making their way up and loosening John's clothes.
"John?" Sherlock asked and stood but Mycroft was to him faster, unable to hide his emotion when John was in danger.
John gasped and sat straight up. Dawn was creeping into the world and he felt he had not slept at all. His heart pounding in his chest and his body aching for the release his mind had given him. He tried to ignore the desire of his body but was unable to, the feel of Sherlock against him coming to his mind. He stroked himself quickly, gasping as he did and then shouting as he released. His entire body shivering as he sobbed into his pillows. He continued sobbing until he collapsed into a terribly exhausted sleep. His rest was plagued by nightmares and after a particularly detailed one in which he again lost Sherlock he woke with a shout so loud it echoed throughout the house. The tears again streamed down his cheeks, his entire body shaking. He sobbed and clawed at himself until he felt the hands of his Sire pulling him into a tight embrace. He struggled and fought anew, trying to make his body feel the pain his heart could no longer bear - however Mycroft held him firmly in his arms. He knew this pain was destroying his fledgling, not that John had sought any relief from him; however he promised both Sherlock and himself that he would endure this torment and protect his mender. The sobs continued for awhile before diminishing and leaving a shivering, weakened mender clinging to his chest. Mycroft sighed softly, able to tell what had happened just from John's reactions.
"Use me Sherlock. Have you way with me. Claim me!" John commanded him, but he shouted as Sherlock unceremoniously shredded his pants and threw the tatters to the floor. Sherlock lowered down and took John in his mouth, causing him to quiver. "Oh fucking hell Sherlock, what…" John thrashed and moved to grab Sherlock's head.
Just out of sight Meaghan helped John stand and gently carried him to a room in one of the towers. She helped him into the bed, a deep worried frown on her face as she looked at him. He was crying, only this time she could not help the tears of her own that joined his. He had suffered so much violence since he had been captured and what small solace she could provide him when out of her father’s sight could do nothing to salve the wound he was experiencing now. She let him have his grief, not speaking as she carefully tended to him in what ways she could without them giving away their secret to her father. After some time she knelt down beside him and took his hand in her own.
There is nothing really terribly fluffy or smutty in this chapter, but it's setting up some of the darker moments.
“Do not hide from me.” He whispered, pushing their foreheads together. “Though I may be careless enough that I do not fear for myself, I do fear for you. For some time your mind has been far from here, you carry weight in your heart that you do not share with me. Your nightmares have returned and you constantly keep yourself at a distance from me. You have been constantly distracted and increasingly easier to startle. Why do you hide your truth from me, when you know I can feel it?”
"D-do not drink of me..." John warned, shivering violently. "If you drink of me the herb... Will be in your system." He groaned and arched as Mycroft drove home, pushing into John until he bottomed out and groaning deeply. "More, please!" John whimpered and Mycroft rolled his hips hard, continuing his work while trying to exhaust the mender.
it took Sherlock's breath away. "It's really to be expected, yea?" He smiled as Sherlock leaned into his touch. "You've been training me anyways. That's why you always ask me what I see, what I think..." He giggled and Sherlock blushed. So he had been caught. "You don't want to be the world's
"That is true. You have the major points however, that silver is poison to us because of a reaction with our blood, that we can be killed by any normal means should we be weakened enough, and of course you have added what I revealed last evening." He smiled and rolled the parchment.
"Come on now, you can scream." She said coaxingly. "I know it hurts." Kitty laughed continuing on in her work while the dark laugh turning into a full on giggle. She grabbed John's hair with a bloody hand and forced him to meet her eyes. Her body language and look clearly demanding a response from her, but he gave her nothing, keeping his eyes focused on something beyond her. She growled and went back to carving but John felt relief spread through his body, he could feel Sherlock's gaze burning. He didn't show any sign of Sherlock's presence and Kitty for her part was too absorbed in dragging the blade down over the meatier part of John's right forearm, slicing it open.
“I did figure something out, no I can’t tell you yet, and yes I will tell you when I can.” They both began to laugh, drawing everyone's attention. Sherlock flushed just slightly, but stood and moved about grandly to draw attention away from the sudden bout of affection he and John had just publicly shared. “Presents are in order I think.”
“A week ago, I stole into the room you were in during the day and drank of you so that I would see your memories. I was not prepared.” Sherlock jumped up, needing to move as he tried to cope with what John had seen and suffered. “How you bore the things you did… How you’ve managed to keep your faith and hope alive despite such terrible torments… I simply do not understand.” He turned to look at John, a mixture of awe and pain on his face. “You could have simply let me go, lived a life free of pain and torment. You could have gone anywhere and done anything you wished, instead you stayed where your heart was continually injured every day. Your heart that then led you into his clutches and left you on the edge of life so many times…” His voice cracked a bit and her turned to stare at John, adoration shining in his eyes. “You are stronger and more loyal than any other person I have ever met.” He praised, and John could not accept it. He needed his mate to understand.
"Yes, it would." He smiled. "It is made from my blood. We save it for special needs like this. It is not time for you to have my true blood yet, not until dark falls. This however will help dull the pain and ease your way a bit." He gently caressed John's cheek as he held him close. "Are you to terribly hurt?"
"I told you, you're in danger." He fought not to click his tongue impatiently, knowing it would make things worse. "It's going to be even worse now. Mycroft instructed the Yard to release the news that I am still alive this morning. They put out an article in all of the newspapers. The article revealed an arrest they recently made, tied to our case. The arrest that shows how
Sherlock stalked after Gregory, with John just barely keeping up with his longer stride. He sighed softly as he began to see the signs that Sherlock was descending into his mind and covering up his heart to do so. He was beginning to become accustomed to this mindset as Sherlock had been employing it more as he poured over teachings and the history contained in the volumes of their library. Sherlock was able to quickly provide information on two of the three cases that had been perplexing the Yard, much to the annoyance of those who had spent the last several weeks combing through the evidence for answers. The third however seemed to warrant some sort of experiment and study, so Sherlock, against Gregory’s wishes, removed the case file and the information from the Yard and started back towards their manor.
"A child? Really?" He demanded, sounding giddy and excited, but John saw something cold in his glare. "My wife is a fine specimen to be sure! We should celebrate. You will celebrate with me won't you? I don't have anyone else!" He dashed over to the sideboard and opened a bottle of bloodwine, pouring them each a glass. "Please tell me you will. I know there has been bad blood between us John, however this is a cause for peace. This shall be a blessing for us all!" He sat down across from John his eyes never leaving him.
! Then it's just Hi, I'm alive, back to work!" He was shaking so much harder as the emotion tried to break free. Sherlock straightened up and put his hands on John's shoulders, again drawing his attention.
John took his time worshipping Sherlock, keeping him on the razor's edge of pain and pleasure for hours before allowing him to crash over. There was a desperation in John’s actions that had worry trying to gnaw away at the Detective’s heart, but John kept him too distracted to think deeply about it. As night began to fall they wrapped themselves in robes and stood on the balcony.
"YES!" Sherlock shouted in exasperation, Greg chuckled. John sighed and shook his head.  "I packed everything you will need!"
"You'll forget the world soon enough," He promised, rolling them so he was above his lover. They were almost completely naked, which Sherlock used to his advantage. His mouth finding purchase on every inch of John's skin he could reach. John groaned, arching up into his touch. "Now that you're strong enough and we're far from my scheming brother I can finally bond with you properly." He spoke, his words vibrating against John's skin. John could feel his aura as Sherlock's magic opened to him, begged John's to merge with it, to give in. "
He slowly sat up, thankful to be able to move, but his head gave a painful throb. There was a soft noise from beside him, the sound of a tiny sob and a sniffle.
"I didn't expect to hear from you, Sherlock." He smirked as he sat down, "Least of all so quickly." He took his usual tone attempting indifference.
"Ah, is that why you had George fetch your cases?" Mycroft's tone was serious and knowing. Confusion riddled John's features as he tried to understand what that meant.
"It's more than I ever deserve." He whispered, sinking back down. "I will make this right John, I swear." His hand on John's and it would be very clear nothing would move him from John's side.
“I would never. I shall remain indoors until you come down out of that mental palace of yours.” He grinned, and Sherlock felt relief sink into his chest. He sank down on the couch and within moments had gone still.
"Anyway, we can take Hamish to the dentist since if he has a cavity it’s all My’s fault anyway.” Greg said walking over and setting Hamish down so he could sit at the table. Mycroft's jaw tensed.
dies. You know full well he'll be wrecked - you saw it before - more than he already was or is. Because from where he is sitting right now either way he loses. He loses because of
Sherlock had swept into the flat and groaned inwardly when he saw John's phone sitting exactly where it had been when he'd left that morning. Panic welled up inside of him as he stalked through the flat, as if expecting John to be sleeping or in the bathroom. He stomped loudly throughout the house, drawing Mrs. Hudson to join them upstairs. She handed Sherlock the letter both she and Lestrade watching him closely as he slipped the paper out and read it; the color draining out of his face rapidly as he turned and started down the stairs out of the flat, but he was called back by the ringing of Lestrade's mobile.
It took several months for John to regain anything close to what he would call full strength. His body ravaged for so many years while being kept on the edge of death. During that time, he and Sherlock spent all their time on the grounds of the coven house or else locked in the library or their room together. In fact, Anthea had been the only one to see them and that was only when they went down to feed. Gregory had tried to discuss the sudden distance between his love and the mender, knowing as he did that Mycroft had been yearning for the day to have him back – however, that had not ended well. It became clear, very quickly, that discussing Sherlock with Mycroft was forbidden and discussing John with him should be.
"Yes, the last of my branch of the family tree." He countered easily and Sherlock smirked as he saw something in his lovers gaze that Mycroft missed. John was amused, he had expected this moment and planned for it accordingly. It made something in Sherlock's chest purr contentedly. This man was a perfect match for him. "A branch you tried to remove, Lord Mycroft." His eyes hardened but he did not raise his tone. Mycroft sneered.
"It narrows your focus. Your body is overwhelmed with sensation right now much of it pain as the vampire blood converts your body into one of us. Sherlock was not wrong in wanting to love you in order to help you." He gently ran his hands over John's arms and chest, eliciting a soft sigh of pleasure from him. He closed his eyes and groaned.
“I wondered how long it would take for you to wake, my love.” The other grinned down at him, his eyes dark with passion. “You have been gone too long and I need to reclaim what is mine.”
"You are only saying such hurtful things because you want him for your own! I have seen how you look at him! I have seen that look in your eye, the one you have had since we returned from France. He is not a pawn to be toyed with! He is not simply an asset to your coffers! He is
"Hush, it's alright John. If you had remembered that it was a fake she might have realized it as well. Though it proved to be an unnecessary precaution as I knew where you were from the picture."
"No Sherlock, go away. I am not so bad as that. I am able to withstand the small amount of pain I am in. Please just go away." He pleaded, sobbing as he sank down onto the floor.
2) Sherlock, John, and Mycroft will refer to her using emphasized gender specific terms: /her/, /she/, /The Woman/ - this is in keeping in line with the statement John made to Mycroft at the end of Incident in Belgravia stating that Sherlock referred to her only as 'The Woman'
“Yes sir, I was dispatched last night to bring this to you. I hope that we will find your answer favorable. I’ll take my leave.” The man gave a curt nod as he turned and left.
"My little John," Sherlock smiled softly, leaning closer to John so their foreheads touched. "While I cannot say I am comfortable with the way that so many have had an interest in your heart, your love, and your bed - I can say that you are mine. If you also hold love for my brother than I shall endeavor to accept it." He pressed gentle kisses to John's mouth, which John eagerly returned.
Anthea led the three men to the dining room where Elizabeth sat conversing softly with her servant. She was sitting on a couch, her pregnancy showing slightly and her eyes wide as she heard the footsteps approaching. John took a hesitant step forward as she turned her attention to him however Sherlock and Mycroft were directly on his heels. John scanned Elizabeth's face for a sign of what lay ahead and was not relieved by what he saw. She stood when they entered the room fully and scanned John cautiously before he spoke.
"I... You..." John tried to speak, moving to stand and falling. As he fell Sherlock moved, almost fluidly, to catch him and help him back down on the couch. The feel of Sherlock's hand on his arm was too much. John fainted.
“We shall be right down.” Sherlock replied, smiling as he kissed John over and over. “Come now, Mycroft will be eagerly waiting for us. Likely wringing his hands like a woman if we do not hurry.”
"I said touch me, Sherlock." Sherlock growled as John issued the soft but firm command. He was almost panting as he helped John back into the bed so he was lying in the middle of it, propped up against the pillows. Sherlock desperately wanted to touch him and the thought of John trying to command him only made it stronger.
, that weird little boy who knew too much about everything but wanted nothing to do with it. Then there you were, pronouncing me as brilliant and wanting so much to know me inside and out. Even without our memories you did the same thing again when we met six years ago. You were so eager to be my friend, to be beside me. You
“This feels…” Sherlock began but a loud knock on the door cut through his speech. He growled and vanished, leaving John in a vacuum of grief. John collapsed in tears just as Meaghan entered.
"No." Sherlock spoke from his position by the door, his voice thick in his throat. Every muscle in John's body tensed as he sat up straight, taking a slow shaking breath before slowly,
"My love, you are not required to do this." Sherlock protested softly, trying to ensure John understood.
"That's a boring and ordinary question. The answer isn't very helpful to what you do, Mr. Holmes. Perhaps you would prefer to ask the proper question?" Jacob said sternly crossing his legs and sitting back. Sherlock had the awareness to look miffed. "You want to know more about the history between the three families and the murders that have come to tear them apart. So I will have to start at the beginning." He cracked his neck.
They hadn't gotten a photograph that morning. A photograph came every day at nine o'clock, like clockwork, and it was going on ten now. Sherlock Holmes was
John thought as he tried to push himself up. He needed to get to the concrete partition that separated him from Mike's belongings.
"Sherlock Holmes," Sherlock introduced himself, though John wasn't sure whether he'd understood her statement or simply hadn't cared to ask him what it
"I'll drive you into town in the morning," John stated, turning down the lamp. The room was almost pitch black, lit only by the glow of the coals through
"Bathroom?" he asked lightly, like Sherlock wasn't there. Yet another power play, John thought, shifting uncomfortably. He'd known commanders like this.
John swallowed, unsure what to do with himself. They could try to be friends, the two of them. Two lonely, ridiculous, broken men. He didn't know why he
He limped out of the building, thoroughly annoyed about being left behind with the dead woman, having been dragged there for Christ-knew what reason in the first place.
disgusted. "I did not lose my brain with everything else when I jumped," he quoted himself, sneering. John swallowed. He'd missed that sentence. He'd
"It's bullshit. You had the choice to bring me with you, wherever the hell you went. If you didn't, you wouldn't look so bloody guilty all the time," he
"-want -speak. -You -?- -? -?" Sherlock went off on hand gestures John didn't understand and he held out a hand.
huh? and duh were still possibilities. He raised his hands to talk – now this was annoying. Sherlock liked to close his eyes for this, get the scene
stamp, no return address. But Sherlock’s heart was not pounding. His adrenaline did not rush through his veins at the confirmation of another clue, another
John thought, wincing. Contrary to the opinion of popular television, people didn't go unconscious easily and they didn't wake
play, even if he did find an intellectual equal. With The Woman all he'd wanted to do was show off and play. But now Sherlock sneered at the druggie like
where John was in the room. Sherlock froze, hallway out of the bathroom, and stared at John in obvious shock.
ambulance, and disappeared into the bushes. Moriarty’s accountants were now taken care of for the next eight years.
hiding the reality of who he was behind who he was supposed to be. And Sherlock was such a bloody phenomenal liar he could pull it off. He just didn't. He
"That's a motivation for staying together, not for saying it aloud beneath a flowery curved thing," Sherlock growled. John shrugged again.
"The fall," Lestrade continued, glancing at him askance again like he was going to just drop everything and explain.
still halfway through this puzzle and not at the end of it. John sat at the desk, unsure where else to go.
Sherlock's hands twisted slightly, spinning around and flicking out quickly. If it'd been done at his chest, it would have meant 'awful' or 'hate'.
available to sit with the carcass covering the kitchen table and dripping onto the chair. Still, this was the hair that was scattered over every surface of
And he was standing in this damn room with these idiots so they would help him find John, not slow him down.
“I’ll pull you up by your hips,” Sherlock offered. John nodded, resigned, and planted his feet to help himself stand. Sherlock stepped close and lightly
He'd never needed to make 'Sherlock Holmes' particularly sympathetic before, not for more than brief periods, and James had never been particularly well-liked himself, which left him at odds. He had to hope free rent and a war-zone were strong enough draws to offset living with him. But if it worked, his Sherlock Holmes persona would become well-solidified and 'Moriarty' would become a much more difficult man to identify. He'd live as a ghost within his 'nemesis', protected by a reputable, legally-minded doctor, and the Yard might finally begin to relax. James pulled himself out of the cabbie and started up the steps of 221B to pull the pink suitcase out of his closet and wait for the doctor to follow him.
“Fantastic,” the doctor blurted again. James blinked. This was definitely more fun with a straight-man around. That was an unanticipated benefit. He'd been certain it'd infuriate him to add another layman to his crime scenes, to observe and be blind to all the intricate details he'd woven in. He should have thought to employ a cheerleader years ago.
that too. They didn't talk about feelings much. Probably good to do it now, when they were already doing it and the microphones could muffle their tone.
John decided not to try to understand that and focused on the 'getting up' part of the sentence. He rolled off the sofa onto his feet and felt his brain
"It was Mycroft," Sherlock lied just as Mycroft denied it outright. Their mother glared at them, unfooled, and closed the door. They'd hear about that
it had its benefits; John was fairly sure he couldn't get an erection if Sherlock leapt across the table and gave him a naked lap dance. He laughed at that
"But that's not why you're here," she repeated. John sighed, frustrated. No, the anxiety, the nightmares? He'd survive. He'd done that before. Ella leaned
John pushed his shoulder again, letting it buck in pain. He could say that all day, not bathe because he was alone, not bathe because Sherlock would see
what he was looking for but finding it immediately. That excited, easy calm of a man who would figure it all out in time. And John would be a good man. A
"Why would you think that?" he asked, his eyebrows furrowed. Greg darted his eyes away from the road to flash her a worried glance and Sally sat back in
He left the conference room, though he wasn't sure where he was going. He needed more evidence, that clip wasn't long enough; there wasn't enough there to
"Nobody is that clever," Philip repeated, shrugging as if that answered all the questions. Sally growled and turned over again. She was going to find a new
His brain was going to implode. He knew this feeling – tingling sensation in the pelvic area, extending to the arse, feeling of contraction, blood and
"So, what happened then?" John asked when Sherlock set the items between them. He'd lived with Sherlock for too long to dare assume there was anything
John turned back despite himself, hating it, but if begging could bring him back he'd do it a thousand times.
Not going to kill them. John breathed in through his mouth and choked as his lungs protested. He coughed and bent over himself, trying not to choke. A
"Show you Appledore? The secret vaults? Is that what you want?" the man asked. Mocking them, but John didn't quite understand how.
behind him and John breathed out a sigh, hoping Sherlock continued to be his regular daft self and didn't put too much thought into it.
John swallowed, guessing that in the absence of a case Sherlock was finding a different deduction to show off. John didn't know how to express how this
"I do care. And you bloody well know it," he replied. Sherlock snorted and pulled his dirty sweatshirt tighter around himself.
Garden Paradise was a small place with comfortable booths and far too slow service but they let them run out on their bill as long as they paid in cash
“Don't – uh – don't die,” John requested as calmly as he could, though his heart was racing. He couldn't imagine London without picturing Moriarty and his kind, drawing Sherlock out, pulling him into the next ‘game’. He felt Sherlock smirk against his back.
"Let me know when you freeze and you can run alongside," John said before raising his voice to the dogs. "Hike!" he ordered and the dogs pushed forward.
love him more than anything else in the world, wanted to touch John's hands, run his hands down his chest. Sherlock felt a nervous, excited feeling in his
Sally felt herself blink as she stood up to follow him. It was definitely a heady experience, having that utterly brilliant, focused mind notice you. For a
"Do not trifle with me. I have made my move, by rights it should now be yours," Sherlock demanded, releasing John's arm and stepping away from him again.
Past tense. Unintentional? John looked away from him, apparently reading something on his face he didn't want to see. Sherlock schooled his features into
heating the nail up and approached him. John slammed his hands into the bonds, fighting like hell now. It was too late for subtlety. The bonds didn't give.
anyone who'd be after him. He's probably a skilled hand fighter. You can tell from the way he walks; he's trained to balance well if nothing else, and it
"I'll take that as a yes," Lestrade said calmly and John heard their footsteps approaching quickly. He ate the rest of his breakfast in two bites and wiped
"The wet nurse!" he hissed, as if he were only just then solving the years' old case. John furrowed his eyebrows, pretending to be interested. Sherlock
ask how he was holding up and when he’d last showered, but something held him back. He didn’t want to sound like he’d forgiven it all, John figured out,
at Sherlock, almost friendly now, as if he expected Sherlock to understand that exchange. Sherlock frowned, still baffled, and John moved to lean against
registered. John blinked rapidly. Jean cut off shorts, American sneakers, and a hawaiian shirt. Sherlock’s face brightened under John’s stare.
seen loitering around 221B - likely the man who targeted Mrs. Hudson. A confidential profile and he’d know its style anywhere. This came to John through
"I'll get you an icepack," Greg said, heading toward the kitchen. John nodded, unsure what to think about Greg and Sherlock causally treating the violence
“I did not realize this had affected the entire coven so poorly. You must be kind with me, as to explain fully I must go back quite a way,” He said it softly, hoping to dissuade the other, though it was not long before it became clear nothing was to deter Gregory from the answers he sought. John began from the very beginning, explaining first how John had become a vampire, then how Moriarty struck, Sebastian’s many betrayals, his time as a captive, and Sherlock’s return to their memories. He talked until his voice was horse, frowning when he realized Gregory was looking at him with mixture of awe and admiration.
"I know what you felt. I could see it all over your face. I could see it in his face, hear it in his thoughts... He has been trying to gain your attention for awhile now but you were determined to fight it. So why should I allow you to claim him?"
“I know.” John finished his wine, setting the glass on the sideboard emptied. “And I shall do all I can do stay.” As he whispered he turned and watched Mycroft’s head drop to the desk.
“Come, you need to rest. I know you are masking your exhaustion, I can feel it.” Sherlock scooped John up and carried him over to the bed. Both stripped down to their undershirts and Sherlock tentatively crawled into the bed beside John, unable to stop his grin when John immediately curled against him.
"He only does it when he is absolutely convinced no one is watching. He doesn't want us to ask. In fact he gets pretty miffed about it if we do. But he's not the only one who does something like that, is he?"
“Well, that settles that much easier than previously expected. I am pleased you all decided to call on us today. Most excellent,” Mycroft smiled. “We shall send his dowry to you this afternoon. Now, would you like some lunch?”
"I'm sorry love, we've been bad haven't we?" Sherlock whispered and gently ran his hand over Hamish's head. Greg moved into the kitchen to make some tea and grab something for them to eat in case they wanted to, giving the family a moment.
John returned to the room only a few minutes later, smiling as he moved Sherlock’s coat closer to the fire to dry. He then set about making tea for them all and sank back down into his chair. He and Gregory continued their conversation from before Sherlock’s arrival and it was clear, rather early on, that Sherlock was still in his mind sorting out whatever the details of the current case were. He went still on the long couch, his fingers together under his chin, leaving the other two free to pursue more detailed conversations. John stood, motioning for Gregory to follow him, leading him into the other flat where they sank down in two chairs close to the smaller fire. The silence expanded around them for a short time before Gregory found he could no longer ignore the questions he longed to have answered.
"You started a war and then gave the enemy the information it needed!" Sherlock was shouting and John was taken aback but his throat was still stuck with the realization that Sherlock had heard him trying to threaten Mycroft.
"What is going on?" She demanded as she looked at the state of the four of them. She was still chuckling slightly as she noticed not only John but Sherlock and Greg had bandanas on and that Greg and John were still holding pokers. They looked a sight, their sleeves rolled up to their elbows and white and blue bits of sheet tied around their heads. Hamish was flush from excitement but looked down as he pouted in the way he only could have learned from his detective father.
“Well you are rather persistent are you not?” James cooed, wrapping an arm tightly around Sherlock. “He belongs to me now John and you shall suffer in death knowing that. Mary, sunrise is only a few hours away. Make sure it takes our little
“It is Lady Elizabeth’s servant Alexandra.” Anthea called back, barely able to brace herself for the shock of John suddenly appearing at her side.
"I couldn't John! You wouldn't have been safe!" He sighed softly. "Tell me you'll come home." He begged, his eyes pleading.
"Yes, there is much lore around our kind that is untrue. We are weaker in the day but we do not burn. If we are injured too gravely and left to the sun we will die from weakness not ash." He ran his hand over John's face without touching him, groaning as John easily turned his head further.
"Minor, both you and Lestrade were rendered unconscious by the blast. Lestrade was discharged a few hours ago but you have taken a bit longer to come around. It's been about seven hours since the explosion of the gas main in 221. You have had two text messages since then, one two hours ago and one just now."
"I have been trying vainly to meeting with you over the course of the last few weeks. I am saddened to say that my attempts have been thwarted by your keepers. I seek you in urgency as I must beg a favor of you.” His voice took on an urgency, his tone softening to draw out the mender’s empathy. “Despite all my efforts to protect my kin it seems that they are once again becoming ill and the likely source is a new herb our servants are using that was brought back by one of my coven from the far East. They have been growing it in our garden for sometime without ill effect, however when the mortals began using it some strange happenings began with my kin. I was hoping that you, clever mender, would do me the honor of investigate this herb in the way only you seem competent of. I have here a bundle containing what little information we could gather and several samples of the herb and the seeds it grows from. Please John, you are the only one I can trust to assist with this and keep my the best interest of my kin at heart.” Moran looked down.
"Aunt Molly came!" Hamish exclaimed running around in circles, around her legs. "Aunt Molly!!! Aunt Molly!!!" He giggled and she scooped him up, hugging him.
"Okay." Hamish seemed content enough with the arrangement and he let John carry him as the two men straightened their hair and went downstairs.
"You are not wrong. I must be cold and calculating in court and with my coven. I must maintain the balance that is so carefully constructed like the spiders' web. However I am fond of you and as I confessed only moments ago have been for a long time. Sherlock has given you darkness and it has caused you pain, now you need tenderness to ease it. I did not consider myself capable of providing it myself which is why I left you in his care for the daylight hours, it seems I was terribly mistaken." He gently let his hand slide from cupping John's cheek to lifting his chin, pulling him slowly into another soft kiss.
"Me." Sherlock nodded eagerly. "Uhm... You were right?" He offered when John didn't speak again, not sure what else to say.
The sensation was overwhelming, John was so different than any other lover Mycroft had taken. So desperate for their mutual pleasure, so sensitive to touch... John keened and whimpered as he wrapped around Mycroft, letting him guide the pace. Mycroft went slowly, using every movement to seal inside John's mind and body the fact that no matter what he had a home in Mycroft's heart. He leaned down and pressed their mouths together again, keeping the contact until both of them began to shout. He slowed to a steady, feverish pace and worked in his little lover for what felt like an age. The moment stretched out and it was a long time before they both collided in a fierce kiss and rode the peak of their orgasm into a flushed silence. Mycroft slowly pulled out of John, panting a bit as he looked down into the eyes of his mender. John felt a soft moan rise in his chest at the look on Mycroft's face, it was so full of adoration - so pure it made him want to melt. It was startlingly different from how Sherlock looked at him and he found that love bubbled up in his chest for his Sire. He watched as Mycroft smiled, realizing that John finally accepted that no matter what Mycroft would always care for him. Mycroft slowly pulled him back in the tub, cleaning them both up before drying him off. He wrapped him gently in the elegant robe and carried him back to the bed where he placed him snuggly against Sherlock. John reached for him and Mycroft simply smiled, blowing out the candle beside the bed before slipping in the beside him. Sherlock's arm instantly moved to wrap around John which Mycroft mirrored thus securing John between his two lovers. John's last thought before he sank into a deep sleep was how beautiful it was having the love of not one but both the Holmes men and how eternity would not be long enough to treasure it.
"Oh are you deducing me?" She asked widening her eyes as if she was surprised. "Tell me poppet, what do you see?" She giggled darkly.
"I think you like being spanked more than you've previously told me." Sherlock's voice hummed in his ear as those long fingers started to toy with the tight ring of muscle that quivered.
"You're trying to solve me again," He whispered his lips moving in such a way they brushed John's own.
Just like that they were laughing again, John smirked weakly at Sherlock and he simply nodded. Sherlock picked up the bags and took them into the living room depositing them by the door, John following him and just watching him move through the flat. Just like that it was three bags, one violin case, and two men stumbling through the dark. Just what John had always expected a holiday with Sherlock would be like. Sherlock disappeared into the kitchen, making a lot of noise but John didn't follow. He sank down on the couch, absentmindedly rubbing his right forearm. His arm was aching. He hadn't wanted to take any of the pain pills but he knew he needed to if he was going to stay focused. He picked up the pill bottle with his left hand and tried to open the bottle. He fumbled for a few minutes, his frustration growing until he almost shouted. Sherlock had appeared back beside him carrying a plate of breakfast and a cup of water. He set the items down and took the bottle from John, opening it and giving him one of the pills. John took it hastily, keeping his eyes averted.
"I have never asked you for anything!" Sherlock shouted angrily, his entire body tensing. "In the whole of our lives, I have watched you go through countless men and women seeking this same thing. I have done all you have asked without question. If you saw my face then you know I cannot fight this! No matter how much I would wish to!" He was angry.
Sherlock and John woke sometime later in the afternoon when a soft knock echoed through the room. Sherlock pried himself up, wrapping his dressing gown around himself before opening the door to find Mycroft. Mycroft offered him some drawn blood and stepped into the room, trying to ignore the heady smell of the pairs' arousal as he did. He found it moved easily through his body, exciting his own passion despite his efforts to ignore it. John looked up at him from where he was still snuggled in the bed with a smile that sent shivers through his body and he returned it as best he could, sinking down on the couch and watching them as they drank the blood he had brought them.
"There's a lot you don't know about me Mycroft, and I worked hard to make it that way." John smirked and Sherlock looked at him with pure heat. “I’m surprised it worked.” He laughed.
"Sound has feeling." John replied as an observation, rolling onto his back and looking at the two of them. "Colors are deeper, smells thick, and scents taste."
"Hush now." John commanded, his mouth finding purchase on Sherlock's neck, suckling at the pale, smooth skin. Sherlock groaned and keened into his work, clawing into John's back as he did. John's mouth continued its course over his neck and shoulders before beginning to move down his torso.
"I'm done with this." He sighed in frustration. "She's no better than the last two and had absolutely nothing new to offer. I'm tired of coming here." His shoulders were slumped, there was more too it but Sherlock just let it go.
“I could not give up Sherlock; if I died you would be stuck with Moriarty for the rest of time. A plaything with no memory of his true life. It did not matter that I did not have an answer, I knew I simply had to continue on to find one.” His argument was not lost on Sherlock, though Sherlock did not accept it as such. John needed to understand the weight of what he had done and what he had suffered.
"I'm glad..." Lestrade said it awkwardly and John's face tightened. So Lestrade had known the truth at least longer than he had known it himself. Sherlock shook his head ever so slightly and John clenched his jaw.
"Lestrade, thank them all for me. It's going to be awhile before I can write and I think we both know his penmanship is horrible." Lestrade laughed.
“He is a short ride back in the forest. Their carriage was destroyed and if the blood is to tell the story at least one of them was gravely injured.”
“You will,” Sherlock replied and stepped forward. “You have no right to stand between me and my mate.” John stood so far he thought he might fall, Mycroft watched Sherlock for a long moment, smiling just slightly when his brother softened.
“Sherlock,” The Mender tried to argue, to refute all of the things Sherlock had said, but he was unable to do anything but moan when he felt Sherlock pressing a slick finger against his opening. Using the Mender’s distracted state, Sherlock had easily worked his body, just as he might his violin. Sherlock smirked as their eyes met and he claimed the Mender’s mouth anew. John groaned again before a shudder went through his body and he gave in, letting Sherlock have the victory for now.
"That would be lovely. Thank you." She hugged John softly. "Get well soon. If you need anything just call." She handed him his phone.
"There is nothing to be rational about!" He yelled, quite loudly. Most of his anger was at himself, but he channeled it into his words and actions. He was angry with himself for almost giving into the normalcy he desperately craved without seeing the warning signs. "You were dead. All of sudden you're not! You were disconnected and then I find out you made Mycroft come to see me! You're acting like everything is fine and trying to use my desperation to have you back to hide something! After everything!" His grip on the front of Sherlock's shirt was so tight, there was no way Sherlock could get away. His knuckles digging slightly into Sherlock's chest, amplifying the various feelings Sherlock was having. John's face was so full of the anger Sherlock had expected yesterday but now today it hurt. He'd let himself believe it didn't exist. But now it was also laced with something far darker, with something that made Sherlock ache inside in a way he'd never wanted to feel. Betrayal. It screamed,
Anthea had been the only member of the coven family to gain admittance to the rooms where John kept himself locked away. She'd approached him during the day a week or so after Elizabeth's visit and explained that in her mortal life she had experienced a torment similar to what was done to him. Something the mender seemed to find solace in. However any entreaty she made on behalf of the brothers went either ignored or was dismissed. She knocked softly before entering Mycroft's study, pausing a moment to survey him. He had, for the most part, weathered this distance better than his brother though the strain was evident in the darkness of his eyes and the tightness of his features. Sherlock had not come to Mycroft for assistance or comfort since Elizabeth's strike and Anthea knew that was a blow to Mycroft's heart as well, however well he tried to hide it.
"You're so pathetic," Marcus voice growled near his ear. He was strung up on some sort of board, his hands and feet bound tighter than they should be. There were several small hooks pressed against his skin so that if he moved they would bury themselves in his flesh and cut at him.
“Since you are here am I to believe you have accepted the agreement?” John growled, clenching his fist. He had to time things just right.
“Lady Elizabeth took ill this morning and both she and the child have perished.” Mycroft said softly, watching as John shook in Sherlock’s arms. John looked ready to rip Moriarty apart.
"A few, mostly the eldest members. Those who are remnants of a time gone by. They give him money to support his endeavors. Or they did until he started this all out war. Uthur successfully had Marcus removed from the Order when James was killed, he could never prove Marcus killed James but he did successfully prove that Marcus attempted to defraud Holmes by accusing him without evidence. That was enough to see Marcus removed from the order and the Watson name removed from the list of candidates. Marcus has gone further however and declared war on the Order by using the ceremonial killing ritual as his means of enacting vengeance against those he personally feels are in the wrong. His personal vendetta is not supported by the Order and they will reward anyone who can stop him handsomely. That is why they know what you two are doing and they have been keeping a close eye on you. They believe you two will finally end this old feud and be the ones to finally prune the tree of this rotting anger. I will help you if I can, but aside from what I have already told you I don't know how much use I'll be." He sighed a finger on his necklace.
Their words fell away, replaced only by sounds as they renewed their bond on every level. John felt the shiver of power that ran through him as Sherlock gave control of the moment to John yet again. As Sherlock gave himself over completely to John's care and did not seek to stop or change anything he did. John felt incredible. He had forgotten how powerful their lovemaking was and now that he had given in to the feelings again he never wanted to stop. The dark thoughts that he feared would ruin a moment such as this stayed distant and all he could see was his lover, his mate, his soul. He tormented Sherlock for hours with a slow, steady pace that left them both trembling and desperate for release. Their mouths hardly breaking apart save for breath as their bodies continued to move together building them towards a shattering release. When John finally sped up his movements he did so only by a marginal amount and it took a long time before both of them shouted and finally crested the wave they had been chasing for so long. Midnight had come and gone and the twilight of dawn was beginning to creep into the world around them as John collapsed against his love. They held each other with trembling arms, almost clinging to one another as the world fell away and they sank into the warmth of dark slumber together.
"Either way he should not force this on you. I will not be able to control myself." John muttered as Mycroft led him to his room.
. Sherlock's resolve had lasted almost a full twenty four hours before he'd taken the envelope from John's pocket. He'd done it while John was supposedly sleeping, so naturally he didn't know that John knew. John was deeply concerned and annoyed that Sherlock had yet to tell him what information was contained in the small envelope, preferring instead to believe that John hadn't seen him take it. Overall he was desperately ready to be out of the hospital. Away from the machines and the stark cleanliness of it all.
"He has stayed there from the first night when he argued with Sherlock and left him in a rage to come to you. I found him there rather upset the next morning and he asked me not to tell anyone." George sighed.
"Detective, take the boy outside. Take him to the car and I will join you shortly." Mycroft commanded darkly. Greg went to protest and Mycroft sneered. “Do not argue with me and do as I say!” He snapped coldly.
"Can you two please just stop it. I’m nervous enough without the two of you at each others’ throats. They could be hurt!" Greg finally spoke; he was deeply unnerved by the intensity of the darkness in the two men's voices. Mycroft took a deep breath and straightened himself out. It was then Sherlock noted he was wearing his cufflinks, the ones he wore specifically for Order business. “Greg you are to address me as if you were just the Detective Inspector and not my husband. Do not betray any familiarity, it’s important.” Greg nodded softly.
"Yes, how indeed, Johnny." James' aura expanded and John felt his mind giving up easily to the control that James' more adeptly trained magic desired. He was powerless to struggle. The wine had been poisoned, his necklace was missing, and he was weakened by the fight with the herb the night before. He'd walked right into James' trap. "Do you want to know?" He giggled, his tongue trailing a hot path up the side of John's neck to his ear. He tried again to ignore the breathless moans as his body ceded the battle.
“Thank you for seeing to John while I was distracted.” Sherlock supplied, closing and locking the door behind Gregory as he left. When he returned to John his eyes still burned with a fierce passion and love that took John by surprise.
So here we are at the end of the story loves! Thanks so much for reading this. I initially posted it as a WiP on FanFic.net but I am really glad to be posting over here now!
"Yes a history, as in it is passed. Beyond our life now." He didn't want to talk about it but neither brother was willing to let it go. Mycroft swept over to John, boxing him in using the chair to gain leverage over him.
"Oh sod off." He snapped, realizing it was a lackluster response to such an indecent statement. Sherlock accepted his victory with his usual smug smirk as the two set to work.
"We did go to war with the kitchen." Sherlock said and tried to look very serious as he did. "That's what making breakfast is about if your behavior during the course of these endeavors is to be believed. But we didn't lose, we don't lose. What are we Hamish?" Sherlock grinned, sweeping over to his son and scooping him up.
"I told him our arrangement. He gets to keep his son if he gives up his husband." He continued on simply, not even looking at John. John tried to speak but his voice was caught in his throat.
“As promised, take your reward from her.” He ordered darkly, stepping from the room with the pliant mender in his arms. “You’re mine now, mender.” He purred darkly. He took the mender to a room deep under the house, hidden from all but the eldest members of the coven. There a small room with a bed was setup. He lay John on the bed and wrapped his wrists in several layers of thin material before donning gloves. He then fastened heavy silver cuffs over the cloth, watching as John instantly grew limper. “I shall never let you flee me again. You’re mine, John… Like you should have been so long ago,” He whispered, kissing John roughly and laughing at the tormented moan that he got in return.
"He's good at that." Sherlock smiled, a wave of tiredness washing over him. Hamish closed his eyes tiredly, falling to sleep against his father.
John had complained the entire train ride but Sherlock had refused to give him any information, his focus remaining on getting there before his insides melted under the pure heat of the thoughts running through his head. He swept John eagerly out of the train and into the waiting rental car, still mum on their final arrival point. He drove them a short distance from the station into a rather rural town before stopping at a cottage. He made John wait in the car and returned a short while later with a key, a basket that looked to be full local food, and a small package that he tucked into his jacket pocket. John gave up protesting and instead pulled out his phone to text Greg and check on Hamish.
"I'm trying John. I am. You're not the only one haunted by that day," His voice was so different in this moment, revealing so much to John about the man who claimed he never felt. John's mouth parted slightly as he let the words, touches, and tones sink into his body. "I may have been at the top of that building but I could see your face. I could hear the way your voice shook." Another breath caught in John's chest, followed another tremor. The touch on his skin deepened, pressing with gentle firmness against him. "Stay in this moment with me, John. Feel my skin against yours." Gentle but firm commands that flew right in the face of John's anxiety and slow cooling anger. The touch swept up his back making the embrace stronger and short circuiting John's brain. "I'm trying to make everything right again John, but I know now I can't do that alone. I need you. You are what makes me, me." His voice was barely audible as he admitted something so deeply personal. John felt how the words wrapped around his heart. It was so much stronger than four little letters. It was terrifying and beautiful. It was all he'd ever wanted and yet it scared him to death. But he wasn't alone in those feelings. He could hear them in Sherlock's uneven breath, feel them in the tiny tremors than shook under Sherlock's skin, sense it in the gaze that was looking over the top of his head. The anger bled away quickly leaving a raw ache behind.
“John, you must come. You are our best…” Gregory spoke up, trying to see if the mender would accept anything from him. They had been close at first, however the closer Gregory and Mycroft became the more John turned away from them.
"No love, I have you and your Dad, and your uncles. I'm not lonely anymore." He whispered and leaned down, kissing the boys forehead.
“Good, I shall go prepare the sleeping chambers in the other flat for you.” John stepped from the room.
"SHERLOCK!" He screamed trying to sit up and being forced back by the restraints on his arms. He coughed and sputtered before he began to realize where he was. The rush of energy leaving John drained as the pain rocketed through his body. He groaned softly.
Sherlock's soft laugh echoed in his ear as he moved and slid down next to him. Sherlock wrapped him in an embrace that was simply
"He stated that you two would be very tired and needed your rest. He informed me you might not wake until tomorrow." She smiled and offered them blood.
Sherlock flicked off the microscope light with a dramatic sweep of his hand and looked up, his blue eyes glaring.
“Very good,” John said honestly. Moriarty nodded comfortably. He didn't seem a man to mince words for false modesty.
closed the door again, bracing himself, and pushed his way out. He walked in a massive swarm of shouted questions and flashing cameras, keeping his
If these post-its would be valuable for your fanwork, reply to this chapter or email me at contact@fanficrecs.com and I'll take pictures! If there's enough interest, I'll upload them onto a free post-it software and put a link here. Happy writing, everybody!
He needed to return to the army. Now. His leg had 'healed', his arm was back to almost full motion, acceptable as it hadn't affected his marksmanship or
He made sure to make noise up the stairs, banging against the floor and walls so John wouldn't wake up with him in the doorway. By the time he got upstairs
John wondered, closing his eyes. The nurse hesitated, her soft fingers pausing in her work painfully removing his bandages. Sherlock scoffed at him.
uniform apron had a nametag on it, almost definitely hers, and the plastic tag was well-worn, had yellowed with time and the corner of the laminate was
Sherlock swept his microscope and all its slides onto the floor in one great clatter of metal and breaking glass. Stupid. It was an exercise in tedium to
"She's English with a spine," Magnussen rambled, kicking the coffeetable out of the way. Power grab number four, John counted. "Best thing about the
"Rude. Rude!" Sherlock scolded him and John obediently kept his eyes open. The client didn't look happy.
John remembered, cutting into his fantasy of an undamaged friendship picking up where it'd been. And Sherlock would still have jumped. No, better to
John wanted to shrug back into their previous silent tension but he didn't know how. Sherlock glared at him, his blue eyes as bright as ever and just as
"-Okay. -You -teach -me," he said aloud and Sherlock's face lit up. The man leaned forward in his chair, meeting John's eyes.
help him back to health? John pulled the covers back over his body with his feet, uncomfortable with the mournful music. How much had Sherlock cared about
"Jesus, Sherlock, you don't have to think of all the options. Just watch my mouth and make a guess. Harry and I used to do that all the time," John
John walked over and touched his shoulder. Sherlock spun, clearly only to flip him off, and started to turn back into the couch to sulk. John caught him
"Clever?" Sherlock asked and John smiled. Of course Sherlock asked that, to narrow the population down.
"If you're going to be sick, leave the room. It'd be distracting," Sherlock ordered, turning back to Lestrade. Didn't they see? This was had to happen
John tried to keep his alarm concealed though he had no hope of keeping it from Sherlock. As if on cue, Sherlock pulled his head down from staring at the
equally enraged and fearful for him. But he didn't know what that was supposed to change. They couldn't live together, not when Sherlock would lie to him
The servants escorted them into a large atrium decorated with white tile, white paint and glass walls. Magnussen sat poised for them on a white couch,
play and John waited until the man had looked away before he muted the box, wanting to hear the man without its noise.
The innocence that'd kept him brave was shattered. He could lose, thoroughly, and Sherlock might never find him. John tried to get his breathing under
case, his hands shoved into the high pockets of his coat, apparently content to watch his prey taken away in cuffs.
It was nearly sunrise when they finally rested, John splayed across the bed and Sherlock across the Mender’s body. John slept deeply for the first time in many months, not waking until a loud knocking echoed through their flat. He grunted awake, brushing his hair back off his face and managing to extract himself from Sherlock’s tangle of limbs. He called out for the guest to wait, hastily dressing and pulling on his housecoat. He frowned when he realized it was nearly midday, which only deepened when he opened the door on Mycroft.
"Are you saying we should take him up on his offer?" His voice indicated that he wasn't entirely sure John's brain hadn't been addled.
"You screamed and threw your lamp." Sherlock said, confusion on his face. "I was in my room getting dressed. Were you having a nightmare?"
“Excellent shot, Mary dear.” James pured. “This is really your doing, John. Sending Sebastian the information on how that Eastern herb could be used to control vampires. What did you think he wanted that information for? You are so hopelessly naive, not seeing what is right in front of you.” His eyes were wide and angry as he walked over and grabbed John by the throat.
“Aunt Georgie!” He exclaimed. “It’s good to see you.” Sherlock’s brow hitched up quiet far and Mycroft seemed to tense as well.
"Well, I've got some news." John offered cautiously, he wasn't sure how she would take it and he certainly wasn't about to tell her:
"All you had to do was ask, Sherlock. I know you felt strongly for her, but this… Lie…" John shook, biting back tears. Sherlock suddenly felt like John was telling him it was over.
"That's the intention, Captain." John groaned loudly as he felt Sherlock rubbing soothing touches over his welts, but he was utterly unprepared for the feel of Sherlock's lips on his own when Sherlock finally reunited them. He pulled at the binds and whimpered as Sherlock tugged his hair and sucked his bottom lip into his mouth, gripping it with his teeth. "You have been the most utterly intoxicating addition to my life. Every time I think I know you inside and out you come up with something new..." There was a growl in his voice. "God damn you John Watson..." He grunted because the sheer lust in his own veins was almost too much. "Then you just let me cart you off to some unknown destination and let me tie you to the bed without so much as a whimper of protest... Why?"
"And that face, being so utterly devoid of clues for me..." His mouth trailed down over John's neck, his hand wrapping in his hair. "It's torment..."
“I believe you will find there is much I may do to you.” John stood to allow the field from his necklace to expand and force Moriarty out of his chair and onto the floor. Moriarty growled and hesitated as if he were going to grab Sherlock, before turning and fleeing the garden.
"So John, does this mean you will not be returning home?" His father asked softly, seemingly confused.
John sighed as he tried to sort out what clothes they might need. It was hard enough for him to pack when he knew how long he'd be gone for, but this was an indefinite trip. He also had to try to consider what Sherlock would want to wear, by no means an easy feat. It also didn't help that Sherlock was occasionally barking orders for John to pack the most random items. Eventually he found a bag big enough for many of the things Sherlock was trying to get him to pack and took it to him.
." Pure desire causing the heat to skyrocket through John's body yet again, "No this is something about work. I want you to become my full time assistant. I know that the financial aspects of what happened left you quite well off, even with the required recompense for my being alive. So, since money is no longer a factor for you - I need you. I need your expertise and your mind beside me at all times." There was something about the way he asked that mixed John up inside. He wasn't just asking about work, he was asking John to never leave his side.
“I think that’s all I can do for now.” Sherlock said suddenly standing, it was a lie all three of them knew it. But Sherlock clearly realized there was something deeper at work here for John and wanted to speak with him about it alone. “I’ll need to review the other case files and then I can let you know more.”
"I desire to. I have not kept away from you due to diminished desire my love. I want to touch you, to taste you... I am simply unsure of what I am able to do."
- The instep of Sherlock's right shoe had a small clump of dark black soil clinging to it but the minute amount there meant most of the rest had been washed off -
"I would not leave your side for a moment." Sherlock promised, standing and remaining close to John.
Their mouths met again, but it was so different this time. Soft, passionate kisses that threatened to pry every ounce of emotion from their bodies as they sank further and further into the moment. Sherlock cradled John's face and John's hand wrapped in Sherlock's hair as they pressed against each other. They came together frantically almost desperately as they tried to show everything with their actions. Sherlock stood and taking John's hand led him up the stairs to their room, absolutely determined to remind John of every reason he chose to become his husband.
"What a frightfully interesting trip we have had, my brother. Did you know that Lord Moran visited us in Paris?" Sherlock snapped, enjoying the darkness that fluttered over his brothers features. At least Mycroft would commiserate with him.
"So you bed him well then..." Sherlock's voice purred low, he could feel the arousal that was still swimming in John's blood. The arousal that hummed across their bond and began to stir inside his own body. The possessiveness welled up in his chest, along with a powerful need to reclaim what was his.
I do with you?" John was trying to deduce what Sherlock was planning which made Sherlock smile wider. "Oh, yes... How could I have forgotten?"
"I..." A heavy sigh punctuated the air, hiding a repressed sob. "Mycroft, you know I have no experience in matters such as this. Feelings and tender things that come from the heart. It is doubly so when someone like my John is involved. I have tried every possibility that I can conceive of and yet he still refuses me. I love and cherish him more than any other I have ever known and yet it seems we have reached the end of our tender bond... And so soon." Sherlock shivered, the tears breaking free. John stood, debating between several actions however he was frozen in place when Sherlock began speaking again. "Our John needs all of the kindnesses and considerations we may afford him now in his tender healing. As he has no desire of my presence nor any kindness of mine and instead seems to believe that I shall inflict some injury or harm upon him I shall remove from his presence the source of that distress. I shall take myself away to the coven house in Germany and should your path bring you there when you change residences in the next fifty years perhaps then he shall be healed enough I may court him again." Sherlock's gaze fell back to his hands as his back shook. Mycroft sighed softly a mixture of emotions welling up in his own heart as he watched his brother attempt to navigate such treacherous terrain. Sherlock thought he was being noble, trying in vain to provide the best for John's tender feelings. His brother who had never before held a single consideration for the feelings of another and yet here was coming completely undone under the weight of what he assumed John's to be.
"I have returned." John said tentatively as he entered the room, bowing his head and waiting for the anger that normally came.
"It is slightly alarming how much you have become like my brother." Mycroft said softly, the two breaking apart and blushing just slightly. "Though I suppose it was to be expected with your relationship. You are a quick learner John, which meant that it was only a matter of time before you began to become a sort of detective in your own right. The two of you seem to have truly considered every angle on this so though it goes against my better judgment I shall concede that my arguments are defeated and simply offer to help in whatever way I can following the event in question."
"What a disgusting display of anger and lunacy." Mycroft said coolly, not meeting John's eyes. Greg was with him but looked confused and was standing distant. John’s eyes betrayed his shock and confusion.
"When we drank the wine we became overwhelmed with lust. Due to our proximity he and I shared a kiss, no more. Only a simple kiss," He said eagerly as if defending himself and John, Elizabeth shushing him and rubbing her hand soothingly over his back. "He caught himself promptly and informed me he should return to your manor. Then he simply left. I have not seen him since." He looked distressed, wringing his hands before looking up at them and feigning terror. "Are you saying he did not return home?" He grabbed Elizabeth's hands as she became concerned as well.
He didn't answer but instead he swept up his violin in one fluid motion. He began to play a slow, haunting melody that John had never heard before. The focus on Sherlock's face was what truly pulled John out of his sleepy state and into rapt attention. He sat up slowly, his attention fully focused on Sherlock as he continued to play. The song varied in some places but was even more passionate a piece that the one he'd composed for
"I'll make some tea." Molly offered softly and moved into the kitchen. Her abrupt action disrupted Sherlock's thoughts and he was able to allow himself to relax a bit more, at least until Jacob spoke again.
“It seems as though your lover told you the situation then.” The darkness that clouded Sherlock’s voice whenever he spoke to Mycroft was clear, as was the slight smirk when he saw how Mycroft flinched slightly at Sherlock calling Gregory his lover. Mycroft’s discomfort did not show long, however, and he straightened up looking unamused.
"No... I want to claim you." He was almost begging. "I want to claim you before he touches you." His mouth greedily returned to John's pushing him back into the pillar of the gazebo.
“That sounds like hardly a punishment!” John raged, stalking back and forth as he paced the length of Mycroft’s study.
"Be there at eight o'clock on the nose." The detective smirked settling into his food without John even asking him to.
"You're talking about our separation. When I went away," He whispered softly flushing with shame. "It was wrong of me to leave in the first place." He said it dismissively, not wanting to go into it but John was determined to know.
“I will come back later to be sure things are well.” She spoke quietly as she stepped from the room. The last thing she heard as his low, growling whisper as she stepped from the room.
"Then it doesn't matter what Mycroft did. You said it yourself; he doesn't control your heart." Sherlock claimed his lips in a fiery kiss before gently running his fingers through John's hair. He guided him over to the couch and started the process of redoing the bandage on his wound.
"Yes, but that was the first time in my life I felt truly happy. Just being there with you, looking at a dark sky full of little lights." His voice pulled Sherlock's gaze back to his eyes as he whispered his words. "It was the moment I realized that John was okay, that I was allowed to be me. That's why it hurt so bloody much to have that ripped away from me. Because suddenly John was all wrong again."
"Your attempt to act like your former 'Master' notwithstanding, you're failing. Miserably, I might add." Sherlock let out a huff of laughter. "Oh…" He said it softly in the tone he used when the pieces clicked together. "Oh, you stupid girl," He chided.
"So are you two dashing off again?" Greg asked softly and Hamish, now in Sherlock's lap - tightened his grip on his shirt.
"When I'm done being punched, I'll explain." He promised as John raised his fist again, but his anger bled away. He crumbled until he was laying over Sherlock, his face against Sherlock's chest and his arms shaking.
"No, you will not." Mycroft's voice was stern but he said it simply, crossing his arms. "You do not deserve him and as you continue to lack the concern necessary to protect him, refuse outright to prepare him for this life, and are woefully inattentive to his wellbeing I am considering revoking your bond with him. Do not dare to come in here shouting at him! You are the one who has been brooding for almost a fortnight! You are the one who did not protect his heart! You are the one who caused him to neglect his own wellbeing in favor of yours! This was the first time in three days he has been convinced to take rest of his own will and all because he was too upset at not knowing what your dark moods entail!" Mycroft wasn't shouting but his tone was perfectly clear. Rage filled him and bled off, filling the darkening room.
? "So I've decided to go all in, as they say, and ask you the second most important question I think I will ever ask you." His voice was soft, full of the vulnerable emotion that he only let John see. Full of fear of rejection and yet a glimmer of hope. Their eyes searched each other's as they both analyzed every movement, breath, and word. "Will you marry me?" Sherlock handed John the box and watched as he opened it, the candle light glinting off the silver titanium ring. "It's likely to be very inconvenient." The ring held three small diamonds in the band.
“I shall. They are a powerful group and it is likely they can assure my safety far better than you.” She smiled a bit.
A few hours later Mycroft’s car was loaded down with all of their things and they drove to the dentist. Mycroft and Greg decided they would arrange a rental car for the other end of the trip and they left the detectives to their son’s appointment. The dentist was only with Hamish for a few minutes before she extracted a small piece of plastic from under his tooth.
"Do you honestly think this was easy for me?" His voice was firm but soft. He was trying to be gentle. But there was darkness there. "That I just walked away and everything was perfect for me? I don't
"I'm surprised you came back at all." John's hurt broke free of his control, the words cutting Sherlock. They broke eye contact, John flushing with shame and Sherlock looking away as if trying to decide what to do. John moved to apologize but Sherlock shook his head, forcing the tea into John's hands.
"Go to the Yard as soon as you are able. Good day." Mycroft nodded and stepped away from Sherlock and walked directly out of the flat.
“My love, my mender…” Sherlock sighed and pulled John, so he sank down on the couch beside him, cupping his cheeks in both hands. “You have forgiven him so much. I saw what he has done to you in your blood. How he found Gregory so soon after I was taken and nearly left you to rot with your grief. How he took advantage of your heart for all the time you remained here and yet let you leave, knowing full well where you would go, so that you were in danger of Moran. I also saw how he pounced you so soon after you return. Before he let you feed, before he restored your strength.” He sighed and looked away. “I knew then that I could no longer trust my brother to protect you. So, I told him as much and demanded he never lay a finger on you again, in any lifetime.” He placed his thumb over John’s lips to silence him when he began to speak. “No, my love, I am not finished. You have so much kindness in your heart, so much forgiveness… I knew you would find a way to overlook everything he has done so to protect you I did not let you know I had spoken to him like that. I did not want to injure your heart more in that moment.”
“No my mender, you did no such thing.” The reply was so soft that John almost missed it. “You were swayed as Sebastian predicted. His family was kind to you even though you were told they were evil. It is no fault of yours that your knowledge was used against you. We will be able to create a remedy because of this. Once we find Sherlock we will be able to restore him.”
at all. It's accepting that you have made and will make mistakes. That your judgment will be clouded and you will falter. It's accepting that from here on out you can never again be
"No, he would not. I asked him not to." He tensed, his mouth thinning into a grimace. "You see I discovered how you felt for my brother. How he felt for you. It was then I understood that you were not to be mine no matter how much I desired it. I need your word John Hamish Watson, that if something should happen you will come back to me." He whispered, his mouth barely apart from John's. "I will not see you fall to shadow. I want you in our family and I want to see you enjoy the ages of the world at our sides. I will always protect you, I will always guard you."
Silence fell with the exception of Sherlock asking both Greg and Molly questions about the work they had done on the various cases.  John furrowed his brow as he read over the description of the murderer that both boys had written in the journal. He set it down on the table, using an ornament to hold it open so he could run a hand through Hamish's hair as the boy slept soundly against his chest.
"When you tell him?" Mycroft rolled his eyes trying to remain unaffected but it was clear he hadn't thought John would piece this all together. "We both know that's a foolish errand."
for help before he went to you?" She growled. "Oh you didn't know that he asked her for help? I mean he probably could have cracked the code himself but she wouldn't give it to him. So he sent Sherlock to her." John smirked. "No, you obviously are just a foolish girl. He used you and left you behind. This isn't about him though is it? You have some sort of issue..." She cut him off as she turned around.
"Is with Greg having breakfast in the cafeteria, honestly relax. He is fine. They gave him a little too much sedative but he is okay." Mycroft started to smile.
Sherlock walked over to John and gently pressed kisses to his mouth, listening to the moan of his lover as he easily freed him from his shirt. Neither of them content with the thought that Mycroft may actually go through with his threat to physically use John. Sherlock was desperate to claim John again, their mouths moving furiously against each others' as they tried to quell the emotion roiling inside their chests. Sherlock only stopped when Mycroft suddenly gasped and swept close to them, shoving Sherlock to the side. Sherlock moved as Mycroft's eyes burned onto the pendant on his neck. Sherlock was confused, his nerves slowly fading. John stayed strong, smirking a bit as Mycroft's shock betrayed itself.
John woke sometime later, it felt like it had been only minutes but he could tell by the way Sherlock was breathing it had been at least a few hours. His body felt strange - like it was pinning him down instead of holding him. Pain rocketed through his body and he grunted unintentionally. Sherlock's hand brushed his arm and he tensed, expecting pain but not finding it. The blanket drug across his skin as Sherlock jerked awake forcing him to gasp loudly, the sensation surprisingly different though he knew logically the cloth weighed less than Sherlock's hand. His lover sat up and grabbed him, searching his eyes to ensure he was not injured too badly.
They started playing exactly at the same moment, choosing the same song without a word spoken about it, completely in sync with each other. Their eyes burned into each other's as their music began to fill the room, drawing everyone watching into silence. It was a moment that seemed so innocent on the outside but was more telling of their relationship than any words could have been. They both sank into the melody, slowly closing their eyes as they let their fingers and memories eek out the music from the two instruments. John followed Sherlock effortlessly, though the two had never played together it was as if they had played together for all their lives. Even Mycroft was moved by the sound of the music, though the two of them only had eyes for each other as they played in concert. They switched between songs three times before John's arm grew too tired and his notes began to become sloppy. He finally sank down into a chair to a small round of applause as Sherlock continued to play. Eventually he could tell everyone was preparing to wrap up for the evening so he gently switched into the melody he'd written for John. John's face flushed as Sherlock's gaze met his, the passion of the song evident as he poured his heart into the song and it filtered out through the notes hanging in the air. As he played he was so focused on John he didn't see that the women had tears in their eyes and both Lestrade and Mycroft looked a bit uncomfortable at the emotion the music stirred within themselves. When he finally finished John looked down, blinking away several tears as Sherlock set his violin down. A smile played at his lips as he enjoyed how he could move John's heart so easily.
Sherlock took him this way and that as he tried to remap the entire outline of the estate in his mind. The silence between them was tense and forced, because John wasn't sure what sort of mood his husband was actually in. So he followed him quietly until he heard a crack of thunder. He sighed and looked at Sherlock, knowing that they were closer to the Gardener's Cottage than the guest manor.
"We are on our way." Sherlock sighed and Anthea's footsteps could be heard heading away from the room.
"Thank you Molly, we appreciate it." Sherlock said genuinely and smiled before completely giving into his curiosity and rooting through the folio. He slowly pulled the bandana from his head and let it fall on the table,
"USE ME!" John shouted, rather surprised at himself but so desperate to feel what Sherlock had been holding back he didn't care anymore.
"I'm not." John smiled at Sherlock's utter confusion. "It led me back to you." Sherlock pushed against John softly and without hesitating John melted back into the cold tile of the shower.
"Come on my love, let me touch you." John purred, leaning down to kiss Sherlock as he finally pressed in. The two of them moaned loudly, the feeling growing and shifting between them until John was bucking back against Mycroft's hand and Sherlock was whimpering.
"How is he your mate?" He challenged. "How have you cared for him?! You did not warn him about your dark moods! You have not trained him in his new abilities!" Mycroft leaned forward his nose almost touching Sherlock's, both of their bodies and gazes hard.
"Tell me, my dearest Lizzy, have you and your husband been together prior to the wedding night?" He asked softly, sitting down on the bed.
"You are to go to the Holmes estate, inform whomever greets you that your Lady has requested her cousin to remain beside her for the time being to watch over her illness. You will inform them that he shall give them more information when he is able, however they should not expect his return for several days. Tell them that Lady Elizabeth will be fine but that her health is delicate and she can stand little more than his company for the time being. Tell them he told you this himself and answer any relevant questions as necessary." The woman nodded, her eyes glazed however she turned on her heel and left.
"Du bist in gefahr, John. Du und dein Sohn. Er kommt hierher und jetzt ich denke es ist wegen dir. " Jacob shook but John pulled him up and pushed him towards the door. Sherlock's attention snapped back to the conversation, he was sure that Jacob had just mentioned Hamish.
"Sh, love, it'll be okay, Daddy’s got you. Your Dad will come save us and I won't let them hurt you anymore." He could tell Hamish had not been struck but judging from his eyes he'd either been chloroformed or given a sedative. A bit too much judging by how much he was shaking. John stripped the sheet off the bed and wrapped Hamish in it, holding him close. Hamish snuggled as close as he could to him, clutching tightly to John’s torn shirt.
"I will. I should let you know I'm heading back in with Molly on Monday. The Yard needs me to come in for a few days." He looked up and saw John, his face becoming full of concern. "I'll come back with Mycroft on Friday. Will you three be alright by yourselves?" John smirked and Sherlock blushed. The intended meaning behind the question was clear - would John and Hamish survive a week being ill with Sherlock relegated to nursing duty.
"Mum, we went through this already. You're talking yourself in circles. I forgave you, I mean it." John put his hand on her arm before standing up. He gave Sherlock a gentle kiss over the arm of the couch, Sherlock leaning his head back to meet him.
“Do you understand what is going to happen now?” James laughed, Mary emerged from the shadows with a crossbow aimed at John. “You have been poisoned Sherlock. Made to believe that John is your mate, when really it is me.” James hoisted him up, smiling as Sherlock went pliant in his arms.
"I knew that this incident caused your nightmares to become more frequent. So after you went to bed last night I came in to stay near you. It seemed to help you stay calmer when I was near you before, so I thought perhaps it would help again." Sherlock looked slightly guilty and if John looked very closely he could just see a bit of color on his cheeks. "Lestrade and I have been working on finding the remaining pieces of the puzzle Moriarty so carefully constructed, so I brought..." John stopped him, grabbing his hand.
"Of course not!" John exclaimed, standing and moving over to pull Sherlock up. "You are my mate, Sherlock. You, no one else." He promised, kissing him.
Sherlock could not fight the wave of heat building inside his body. This display of possessiveness from John was more than Sherlock could have ever imagined. He groaned as he softened and gave himself over to his mates’ actions, moaning loudly when John toyed with his nipples again. His hands scrambled, trying to get John’s trousers off but failing due to the trembling of his body. John chuckled softly against his chest before sliding them off. John leaned down to kissed Sherlock and shouted into his mouth when Sherlock used his legs to slam their bodies together. Their erections brushing against each other as they did.
"No, running away from our home isn’t going to help. It’s not his fault I think of her when I hold him, he’s the greatest gift she ever gave me." John whispered but pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock wrapped around him deepening the kiss and chuckling lightly when John moaned.
"Sherlock..." John didn't know what he wanted to say. He wanted to find the right words to tell Sherlock that he was sorry for his father, that he was sorry about Harry, that it was all his fault, and that Sherlock should take Hamish and run as fast as they could. Sherlock simply pulled him into a hug, holding him tightly against himself.
"Head, heart, soul, and bed." Sherlock corrected him, finishing dressing himself and coming to stand beside him. He fixed his hair and smiled. John returned the favor. "Ready to face your family?"
“You, in a manner of speaking,” He teased but his voice was still soft, still in awe and shock. “I never would have imagined you learning to play the violin John. I really,” He sighed. “I underestimated you. I never thought I would have to say that, but I have. I thought I of all people had the measure of who you were. But this emotion, this tenderness,” His voice was soft as he cupped John’s cheek. “It’s beyond what I could have suspected from you. It's above and beyond anything that I would have expected from anyone. I really never deserved so much affection.” He cuddled into John, running his mouth over his neck and tightening his arms around him as he moaned.
"Ah, the dragon awakens." Sherlock laughed and rolled out of bed, rummaging around for some clothes for himself.
"-Also -I -know -finish, -you -marry -with -work," John added to try and dispel the awkwardness for the man.
intervals away from the stove. To test different viscosity levels by temperature, presumably, but John only saw the layer of animal scat pressed in a thin
John folded the bear skin away and turned down the lamp, twisting the wick down until the flame died. Sherlock shut the box quietly and set it aside. It
“My phone?” John parroted. James grimaced. Even a perfect bodyguard wouldn't be worth living with a parrot.
"Woah," John ordered the dogs immediately and stamped the sled claw into the snow. He nodded, approving the trapping spot. Sherlock grabbed the trap and
Sherlock drew himself up suddenly, his confident mask falling down to cover the lost look in his eyes.
"What?" Sherlock asked, his blue eyes suddenly looking onto her like she was the most interesting thing in the world. Sally felt her heart leap at that
John heard Mike start to putter around behind the wall in the morning, but there was no turning back; the wire ties were hanging by a thread.
to kill you, Johnny, I'm going to burn you. Did you see that coming? I kept repeating it, hoping one of you would understand. I'm going to burn you – to be
He needed to talk to Molly, but first he needed to punch something until his knuckles bled, grab some food, and have a beer.
spent his time watching John, relearning every facial tick and muscle movement that could give his emotions away. Sherlock related old cases, fighting back
three scared looking patients still sitting in the waiting room, left unattended while he'd collapsed against the wall, the sound of gunfire and
The lead dog obeyed immediately, setting itself directly beside John, its playful attitude gone. Sherlock picked up the shovel and led the
John added. The waitresses' eyes widened, apparently having guessed the decidedly not-subtle gesture.
"I have no idea. I'm not asking you for anything," he answered. Sherlock sucked at his tongue, like that was sour news.
“You lost touch with friends, stopped caring about your appearance, struggled with alcohol, sought revenge, refused to live here. Because it… hurt,”
"-This -A-W-K-W-A-R-D," John accused. "-And -he -save -us -from -C-U-R-A-T-O-R," he added and Sherlock turned back to the president.
of thing. I mean five years of boring cases? That seems almost as far-fetched as him being that stupidly clever and having a 'nemesis'," she admitted.
"Right," he agreed and trotted down the steps. John nodded to himself and picked up his newspaper. Finally, life was getting back to normal.
John was pressed against the wall and Sherlock was standing between his legs. Sherlock pushed his mouth against John's again, moving on his own now, and it
"Whether or not to come back with a warrant and arrest me," Sherlock answered. That was still up in the air, but it was fairly likely Lestrade would
"So we need to make him think he's fooled you?" John asked, to truly calm Sherlock down, and the genius finally leaned back in his chair.
-brain -never. -Problem? -You -solve -yourself. -Danger -you -attack. -Me? -Wait. -Me -safe. -That -life -never -me -choose,” John signed, panting.
He grabbed John's arm after the man followed him into the taxi and took his pulse, ignoring John's initial tug away from him. It was a steady 72 bpm, only
"Ignored it, he knew I was leaving," John answered honestly, wondering why the hell he was talking to a stranger about this.
didn't like asking permission for something entirely reasonable. John nodded easily, not mocking, not seeming to notice the oddity of it all. Sherlock
“I don’t want to be here now,” John replied, moving his leg away. “But I need care and Harry is - incapable.”
last night and he'd only had half of his brain on it at the time. It was only because this was the
Sherlock winced at his thoughts. They'd never be back. John still thought he was dead. John would never forgive that. Sherlock could feel that in his
hospital could give him. John closed his eyes, imagining a homeless shelter and volunteer care. He would not be employable for months, if he was correct
Invincible and focused. He'd bring Magnussen to his knees. The triumph of his career. He needed nothing more.
Sherlock felt tension ratcheting through him as they worked. He needed to speak but he didn't know what to say. Would it be rude to start a new
still, somehow, sometimes getting them wrong. John forgot things constantly, things he was actively trying to learn. How did he do that? God, Sherlock
for adventure. John didn't want to be so very adventurous anymore. That was obvious from the way he tensed with every suggestion of it. But perhaps there
something that didn't fit. Ah, true, yes, two ducks. Sherlock turned back to teach John the sign, only to stop short. The
He was trying not to think about what would happen when they finished carving his name on John's back. Did they only have three more days, then? Sentiment
"Write it down," he ordered and John obeyed, showing him the note and wondering why lipreading seemed so difficult for the brilliant man.
"I don't know," he answered finally and shifted his gaze out the window where there was nothing to deduce. It was dark out, but London hid the stars, thank
his finger and moving to grab his coat. He hesitated by the door, his coat in his hand and his pale eyes nervous. "Coming?" he asked.
back but in shatters. That didn’t mean he could step back into the life he’d loved and pretend it had never changed. Sherlock stared out at nothing, his
he thought, but did not want to say. It had been so long, since he’d seen the wonder of Sherlock’s mind. He’d once felt so blessed to be privy to it, even
"-I -ask -him -thing -about -building -houses. -This -rude -if -you -wonder. -I -continue -sign -because -he -still -talk. -Not -important," John stated.
"Okay, you asked for it," the man whined, sounding nervous. John pulled the weapon aside, kneed the man's groin and kicked out his legs. The unstable,
"Well, to be fair, all I heard was 'lets poison Mycroft'," John joked. They would have to trust Mycroft in this; he knew that. Trust Mycroft with their
John glanced between her and Sherlock, unsure what to say. In barely two weeks he’d gone from mourning Sherlock and his life with the man, to having it all
“How long until you are discharged, then?” she asked, changing the subject, and John coughed again, stress taking its toll. Where would he go, then? Mrs.
male corpse's face. Anderson was glowering in the corner with his arms crossed but not stopping him.
Well, then. John leaned against the wall behind him and settled in to wait. His screen lit up again.
opened his mouth to thank her but the words caught in his throat when he saw her face. She’d been crying. Her eyes were still red from it, her face damp
amended, walking past a reeking girl on a couch. He didn't check her vitals. Sherlock was in here.
-" God he didn't have enough words. How as he supposed to say "exhibit a similar contrast between peril and image of light?' John refocused on Sherlock,
He backed up rapidly, praying he'd done the binding right and he wasn't about to get grabbed. He scrambled backward over the too-rough concrete, blood
“I know you're an army doctor. And you've been invalided home from Afghanistan. I know you’ve got a brother who’s worried about you but you won’t go to him for help because you don’t approve of him – possibly because he’s an alcoholic; more likely because he recently walked out on his wife. And I know that your therapist thinks your limp’s psychosomatic – quite correctly, I’m afraid,” the man listed.
“How can I help you, then?” Mrs. Hudson asked, bustling in like it was the most natural thing in the world to be nursing her ex-flatmate back to health.
"God, no," Sally answered, turning away, looking similarly sick. Anderson was still leaning against the side of the wall, watching the whole thing, but
wouldn't have to clean up the skull fragments. Irrelevant. John would be gone. If anything could have destroyed him, that would have been it. He'd have
“Sherlock, hello,” the landlord greeted warmly, talking more like a grandmother to a beloved grandson than a murderer to her co-conspirator. But then, John figured, he had no idea what the average murderer sounded like greeting anyone.
Sherlock obeyed, matching the steady pace of John's movement and John pulled the trigger. Nothing happened. John jerked off his gloves, his eyes locked on
and John decided he wouldn't say anything until Sherlock had at least some food in his belly. It was moot anyway; he didn't think of anything useful to say
expected him. Lestrade jerked -startled by the door and turned to look at him. His face froze, looking vaguely sickened - surprise. His hand slowly opened
looked away and rolled his eyes. “Do you understand your position yet? Tortured by a dead man, waiting on another. Is there anyone coming for you? Do you
"My phone," Sherlock ordered as he passed him, heading toward the stairs. John caught up to him and handed him the baggie. He passed Sherlock his coat
“You should not sleep there,” Sherlock ordered. John opened an eye to see the man standing above him, holding out an arm. John stared at it for a moment,
as soon as it entered Sherlock's brain he'd be analyzing it, seeing inconsistencies and logical flaws until he went round the twist. "-Not -need
Sherlock let out a gasp, feeling the tide break and his body try to snap forward, elation and release and hormones rushing his
